I; . ? I Ireland, ' the Island of Saints**: A Magnificent Congress Jy, ? ? . ? . ' Paper By His Eminence Cardinal Mofan During the past few months a controversy has arisen in the home countries rogarding Ireland 's claim to be ' ' The Island of Saints. ' ' The children of the IrlsTi race have hitherto I f been content with the undisturbed and un questioned traditional belief that the gr^te | ful nations of Christendom had in olden days jU awarded that peerless aureola to their mo I ! ther land. They paid but little attention to .^[' the calumnies of writers like Froude, who \%\ would assure his readers that Ireland was in t\ quite a savage state till the Anglo-Norman |- invasion in the 12th century, and they heed f ed still less the senseless sneers of others LVjf, who, like the Rev. Dr. Giles, in his Lifo of I i King 'Alfred, the Groat, would persuade his H readers that, as with Nazareth of old, noth r» ing'good could come from Ireland. But when I serious writers in the public press would call ! in question the fact of Ireland being entitled ! to the aiireola which her sons and daughters so justly prize, a difforent attitude must I ' necessarily bo assumed. ' It behovos us to f enquire into .the matter on historical lines, i and by mature investigation to place, beyond i i all rational doubt, the justico of Ireland's t ( claim. I ' I propose to treat the question under two !j ! aspects: First, setting forth the unimpeach able testimony of various writers, who bear \ I witness to the historical fact that the title j of 'The Island of Saints' was, in olden ! days, awarded to Ireland; and, secondly, as '?] signing some of the motivos by which the 'J giateful nations of Christendom wore impell J ed to make this peerless award. jj ' . *? . » i) No one, I presume, will question tho fact ' \ that the modern historians of Ireland of one I accord assign to her the auroola of 'Island I of Saints.' For instance, ono of tho lead ? i ers of this historical school, tho Abbe Mac l{ Gi-cghan, writes: 'Ireland was, ' from its |- ' conversion to the Christian religion, in tho beginning of tho fifth, to tho incursion of ) tho Danes in the ninth century, universally | acknowledged to havo been tho theatre of j learning and tho so urinary of virtue and | sanctity, which acquired for her tho glorious I i title of the ' Island of Saints.'' \ Tho latest ropresntativo srf. tho samo ; | fjchool, Most Rev. Dr. Iloaly, 'Arelibiuliop of !? Tuam, gives to his learned work on tho mon j nstorios and schools of. Ireland, tho title I which speaks for itsolf: 'Insula Sanctorum J ot Doctorum.' (Tho Island, of Saints and j Scholars.') Tho renowned Montalombort may speak for JVaneo. In his important work, 'Tho Monks of tho West'- (vol. 3, pago 84), ho ! thus writes: 'Thanks to incessant omigra j tion, Ireland, from the 5th to tho 8th con ! tury, became ono of tho principal contros of |t spread tho light oil tho Gospol and of Christian | thin holiness and virtue, but also of knowl ; odgo, literature, and that intellectual civili sation witli which tho now faith wan about to ondow Kuropo, thon delivered from hea thenism, and from tho Roman Empire ? -j The first groat monasteries of Ireland woro ! nothing else, to speak .simply, than clans ro J organised under a roligious form, From this cause resulted tho extraordinary number of ; their roligious, who woro counted by him ! dreds and thousands; from this also camo | their influouco and fruitfulnoss, which woro f still moro woudorful. In those vast mon us [ tic cities, that fidoflty to the Church which Ireland has nuduttiinorl with heroic con I Btancy for 14 centuries, in face of all tho I excesses, as well as /ill the rofincnionts of i persecution, took permanent root. Thoro 1 also woro trained an ontiro population of i I ^ philosophers, of writers, of architects, of. {' ' -cnrvci's, of painters, of caligraphors, of rnu ( eicians, pootB, and historians; but, above all, of missionaries and proachors, dostlnod to i . Hproad tho light of tho Gospol and of Chritlun education, not only in all tho Ooltic eountriofl, of which Ireland was always tho nursing mo« thor, but throughout Europe, nmong all the v ? Teutonic races — among tho Franks and Bur* I' gundians, who were already masters of Gaul, as well as amid the dwellers by tho Rhine and Danube and- up to the frontiers of Italy. Thus sprang up, also, those armies of Saints, v/ho were more numerous, more national, more popular, and, it must be added, moro extraordinary, in Ireland, than in any other Christian land. It is is well known that tho unanimous testimony of Christendom con ferred upon Ireland at this period the name of 'Isle of Saints.'' I will ask tho historian Alzog to boar wit ness in tho n amp of Germany. In his 'Uni- versal Church History' (II., 43) ho thus writes: — 'A nation that but a few short yours boforo ha'd been shrouded in tho dark noss of Paganism, was suddenly illuminod by tho pure rays of divine truth. Churches and chapols, monasteries and convents, schools and colleges, covorod the land, and from hill luul valley one song of thanksgiving wont up to tho throno of God, And thus Erin became tho 'Island of Saints, 'tho homo and rofugo of learning and holinoss, and tho nuvsory whenco missionaries wont forth to carry tho light of faith to tho nations of tho. European continent. Hor soats of learning, lior monas teries and nunnorSoH, and hor charitablo in stitutions woro unsui'passod, either in num ber or, excellence, by those of any nation of tho world, Tier children prosorvod the faith of Christ as puro and ontiro as it camo from the lips of hoi1 npostloj heresy and «chism woro unknown to tliein; and loyalty to tho successor of St, Potov was ono of their most distinguishing characteristics, ' ' Professor Brtiock, after citing thoso words of Alzog in roforonco to tho 'Island of Saints,' adds: 'Such are historical facts, in thomsnlvoH so extraordinary and ho well al; tented that it is impossible to clony thorn; DTifl ho ohooring arc they to ovory Catholic historian that ho must fool delighted in re cording thorn,' Mv Durjuestofcor, iinofclior Gorman writer, attests that it was not only pioty that thus floiirtehod hi Trolniul, Tlio Hlghor Learning also took sanctuary in hor monasteries, and tho lump of knowlodgo burned brightly be fore tho iiltuv. 'The classic tradition,' ho says, 'to all uppoiiruiieo dead in Europe, burst out Into Cull bloom In the 'Isle of tlio Saints, 'mul ilio .Bnjiii.jssanonbog)in In T.i'o1/in-1 700 yours boforo Hi whs known in Italy, Dur ing throe cnnl.uvios Tvnlaiid was tlio asylum of the Higher Lemming, wlilch took sanctuary from the uncultured States of Europe. At onp time, Armagh, the religious capital of Christian Ireland, was the metropolis of civi lisation.' Gaetano Moroni, in his ' ' Dizionario di Eru dizione Storico Ecclesiastico ' (Rome, 1846), tolls us the universal opinion 6? Italian wri ters.. He Btates, under the head 'Irlanda'T 'Siccomc J'Irlanda sino 'As Ireland from the Jai pri.mi tempi di sua earliest days of her con conversionc produsse un version produced a prodi grandissimo numcro di gious number of Saints, Saiiti nicritossi quindi il she consequently merited titolo d' Isola de' Santi.' the title of 'Island of. Saints.' ' This testimony of modern historians be comes tho more convincing when we see that Protestant writers, who are over ready to find fault with Irish sanctity, nevertheless , feel themselves constrained to confess that all antiquity awarded to Ireland, as a distinc tive title, 'the designation of 'Island of Saints.' To take a few instances, Nicholson, in his 'Irish Historical Library,' remarks that 'The whole Kingdom of Ireland is com monly called by ancient Church historians, 'Insula Sanctorum,' as being more fertile ia the production of Saints, Martyrs and Confessors, than any other nation in tho Christian World.' (Pago 81.) Rev. Dr. Killen, as President of the Col U'ge in Belfast, and Professor of Ecclesiasti cal History, is entitled to speak for tho Presbyterians. He writes: 'In the 7th cen tury Ireland was known by the designation of 'the 'Isle of Saints.' It was largely indebted for this honourable title to its monastic es tablishments, not a few of which were under the management of Abbots eminent for piety and literature.' Rev. Thomas Olden bears witness for the Anglicans. Referring to the vast' number of those who woro remarkable for sanctity in Ireland, he says: 'In this groat multitude who bore the title we see the reason tho Irish claimed for their country the honour of be ing 'The Island of Saints'. An Irish poet of the 12tli' century begins his poem by thus addressing his country: 'O Virgin Erin Island of Saints, 'and it is said to have boon so called from the innumerable hives of Saints at home, and tho swarms of them sont abroad into tho world.' Rev. Dr. King may represent Trinity Col lege, Dublin, as his 'Primer of the Church History of Ireland,' from which the follow^ ing extract is taken, was tho text-book in its schools. He writes: 'From the groat re gard that was had for the honour of God, and tho ample means employed for promoting the knowledge and practice of religion, Ire land was thought worthy of tho name of In sula Sacra, 'The Sacred Isle,' or Insuln Sanctorum, 'The Isle of Saints.' Tho lito rnry fame of Ireland in those times is a mat to,* which jloes not rest for its evidence on any doubtful records or obscure testimonies of prejudiced writers; it is a circumstance in-, terwovon with tho Church History of Eu rope, and ono the truth of which is attested by the most authentic and trustworthy his torians of othor lands. It is confirmed by tho ovidenco of the best and most esteemed annalists.' Tho learned Dr. Reeves, in tho Ulste-r Jour nal of Archaeology, having referred to tho title 'Tnsula Sanctorum' thus universally awarded to Ireland, adds:__'Oortainly there never was a title moro appropriately bestow od ; ^ for, whether wo rogard tho fulness of tlio native Calondar, and tlio vast number of pri mitive churches at homo, or tho frequency of Irish foundations abroad, we cannot buf, b& struck with the strong roligious character of tho ancient Irish.' Rev. Dr. Sponco, -Protostant Doan of Glou cester, in his popular history of 'Tho Church of England' (London, :i 807-A referring to tho a»nclont troatiso ontitlod -7Tho Throe Orders of Irish'Saints,' say/): 'Tho picture painted in thin vonornblo 'document is, of course, fanciful, but it givos a fair, though rough r-oproHentation of. Irish religion dur ing tlio -first 200 years of Christianity in the Island of Saints.' Furthermore, ho ' recognises tho singular merit and famo of Ireland's Celtic Saints. Within a hundred years of tho doath of St. Patrick, Iroland, lie writes, 'became tho homo of famous schools, to which not only the inhabitants, of Britain, that remote island of tho Wos torn Soas, rosortod, but it positively bocanio '. tlui educational homo of crowds of eager stu- i dents of various ranks from all parts of cul- ' turod Western Europe./' : Wo may go back, howovpr, 200 years, to . interrogate tho groat wrltoro of tho 17th con. tury, which was tlio Roldon ago of Ooltlo i luijuiology, What, was tliolr verdict rogardiug Ireland 'h claim to bo, 'Tho Islam! of Saints?' With ono accord they answor tliaf; l»or claim Is irrofragible, Wholo treatises, in fHflfc, woro written by Ward and. floluiui, by Stophon Whito and Avohdoacon Lynch, ami ofciiors, to place thai; olaSm boyond tho roach of controversy, It may fliifuoo to cldo tho words of Ward, who, in his Lifo of St. Rumold, names several writers who assigu that title to Ireland, and (page 181) writes: 'Neque sane apud nos- 'Nothing has been trates quicquam vulganus more common or more aut crebnus cst, quam frequent among our coun ha'hc insulam eo nomin,c trymen than in. the native lingua vernacula In is tia language to designate naomh, id cst, Insula this island!. Inis na Sanctorum appellitare. Id naomh, that is, Tin: miWe libra Manuscripti, Island of Saints. This historiac, ct poemata may be seen at every passim ostendunt.' page in- a thousand Man uscripts, Histories, and Poems.' Colgan introduces 'Insula Sanctorum' in to the title-page of his invaluable work, tho 'Acta Sanctorum Hiberniae,' and in tho work itself, more than once repeats that in tho early days of Ireland's Christianity, such was the number of he-r Saints that every where she was known as The Island of Saints. In the year 1600, the illustrious Peter Lom bard, Archbishop of Armagh, presented to tho reigning Pontiff, Clement VIII., bis out lines of Irish History, entitled 'Conimen- tarius de Regno Hiberniae Sanctorum Insu la.' Thus, tho very title of his book ad ?judged to his native land the aureola of 'Is- land of Saints.' In the 15th chapter ho, at some length, set forth the reasons for which this title was assigned to Erin... 'Ireland,' lie says, 'in the days of St. Patrick, and for some following centuries, was so renown ed for the spiritual gifts which abound ud there, that it was commonly designated ' i Tho Island of Saints;' and justly so, for it was a most fecund mother (foeciuulissima) of in r-umerable Saints, and long continued to bo a most faithful teacher of sanctity and knowledge, especially sacred knowledge. Through tho missipnaries, either natives oil Ire-land, or educated there, tho Christian re ligion in many foreign countries was either preached for the first time, or was confirmed and propagated; very many monasteries worn elected or restored to strict discipline, ami tho first foundations were laid of tho prin cipal Universities of Europe.' Pope Olemont VIII., in a Pontifical Brief, addressed to- the Irish chieftains, assigns this , title to Irelaind; and his successor PopC' Paul V., repoats it in another Briof to the Irish people. He writes: — 'Deo Pa'tri miscricor- 'We give thanks to the diarttin gratias agitnus Father of Mercies who cjui consolatur nos vestia consoles us by your con admirabili constantia, stancy, which to the great quae cum summa'vestri eulogy ot your country is : nominis laudc celcbratur commemorated 'through. ,; ab omnibus in Ecclcsia. out the whole Church. : . . Vos elcgit Dominus . The Lord has chosen tin novissimis atque calam- you in these latter most itosis hiscc temporibus calamitous times that you cxemplum oricn'tis jam ab would recall the heroism initio Ecclcsiao suac ren- of the early ages of His . overatis. . . Gloriamini Church. . . It is your : Matures vestros tanta in proud boast that_ your .. Deum pictatc fuisse ut forefathers l)y their do Ilibernia muruei'it, hac de votion to the cause of ' causa, appcllari Sanc- God, merited for Ireland torwm Insula: igitur ex- the title Island op x hibctc vos digunni corum Saints! it Is meet you f nrogeiMcm.' wouldi prove yourselves worthy of such ancestry' Popo Urban VIII., in 1642, and again in 1044, addressing the Irish Confod orates, given onco more, to Iroland tlio title 'Insula Sanc torum;' and Clomont IX., in 1607, declares .J that Iroland was 'ro ot nomine quondam ' floridissima. Samitorum Insula,' that is, sho I was 'in name and in fact in formor days A ti most nourishing Island of Saints.' I Kov. Thomas Mossinghnm, Suporior of tlio I Irish Collogo in. Paris, ])ubli«hod in Paris, I in 1624, a collection of Liven of Irish Saints. I I-L'c gttvo his work tho titlo 'iriovilogium In- I sulae Sanctorum,' so univorsal in thoBo days, I at liomo and abrpudj was tlio uward to Ii'o- I land of that distinctive titlo. ,1 About tho isamo timo tho learned Ke.at.ing ;il was engaged in tho fastnosscs of, tho glen 1 of! Aharlow, comploting, in his native tongue, i the 'History of tho .Kingdom of Iroland.' I This work is mainly concernod with tho. hocsu- J lar ovonts of Irish history, but incidentally . I ruiormp.o is mado to the honourable til;lo I awarded by foreign nations to Ireland, , Dr. 1 Keating had roforrod to tho words of eulogy jl on St. Patrick, pronounced by Horlc of Aux- 1 orrc, and thus continues: — ? 1 'Tho samo writer observes fnrtlior upon ;| this subject, that by tho ordov alid prudonr, 1 management of St. Patrick, thoro was not M tho least purl; of tlio- wliolo kingdom that 1 did not abound with rohgious persons1 of! I exemplary piety, whoso dovotion. ami Iioly I livos wore admirod, and had in revovonco I among tho neighbouring nations, who usually I ilifc'tinguishod tlio country of Iroland by tlio I rmmo of tho 'Island of Saints.'. I Surius dosoribos Iroland as 'fortills Sane- I torum Xusula, o-; ubolhmun numormii projin ? aoquans patrocinlis sanctorum,' ('A 1'er- '1 tilo Tsla,nd of Saints, and rlvall- 1 wa tlio mimbor of the stars in :!(,» patron I Haints, ' J 1 VormiluoiiH, professor In Lotivaln, publish- I cd .In lmn work outitlod 'Do pi-oimgttHono I Vidpi in Bolglo por Sanctos ox HJbofniti vl- 1 3'op ' in wlilch after on«morn,finff flovor«! H Irish missionaries and mm'tyru, ho thus bonti- ? ,1 1 tifully sets forth Ireland's merits in regard to Belgium:— ..IIos adhuc martyrcs Lvulcnf, complectl osnni benevo entia . juvaveauc .' cst, nimirum ne Ha nud nos inopiam paUa ;,? ? nuos opibus coelest ditavit Plus emm !}! debemus per quos iiutis actcrnae . viam ac on nius, quam us a qui us , tantum vivcrcmus bemus. Agnoscant ergo ffiac nostri Hibcrnorum , b£ mcrita, quorum ,cra aut rcliglonem ac cKcrunt aut quasdam idliuc rcmanentcs ex an li i supcrstitione tenc 1 r-is depulcru.it. Plurcs S ab illa Sanctorum Insula prodiisse sed benc ncrcri -lc orbc t0'to '.°' dc f Bclgio tantum volu crnnt. Loquentur eorum mcrita nationes ahaj. Vitori autem cogor et inipcWt me vcritas gen ten nullam aliam tanto pcrc in aliorum salutcm incubuissc, utinamct hoc vdtum suprcmum sit, cum ?tlii omnes turn nos iiclfi.'ic tantum acccptac Rcliiftonis bcncficium ag p.isramus. Sub jupro Ty raniiiclis ingT..iscU liodie Rciis Hilicrnica, ct tanicn roiistantissimas aniinis re licioiicm retiii'Ct, nee ulla vis cMinguct, ncc frangi ,i,r cgcbtatc, nee mortc cxhauritur, fottior ipsa tyianidc.' 'Belgium still venerates those her Martyrs, hon ars them with churches and altars, salutes them as her Patrons, and therefore it behoves her to extend benevolence and aid to the Irish race, now exiles amongst us as elsewhere, lest those would pine in want who enriched us with heaven ly wealth. For we owe a greater debt to them who have opened to us the paths of salvation than to those who have bestowed on us material blessings. Let our Belgians, there fore, acknowledge the merit of Ireland's sons in our regard, for through them cither religion was received or the remnant darkness of superstition was . dispelled. I know wull that multitudes of missionaries went forth from that Island of Saints1, not to Belgium rtlonc, but to all Chris tendom. Other nations will proclaim their in debtedness, I must con fess, and I am com pelled by truth to make the acknowledgment that no other nation so sacri ficed itself for others. Would to God that Bel gians and all others would recognise the ben efits of Religion ^ which they received. To-day the Irish race is under the yoke of tyranny, but, nevertheless; they cling immovably to religion, no force can overcome them, nor poverty nor death subdue them, being stronger than tyranny it self.' The Protestant Primate Usher, writing in 10'--7 refers to the innumerable host (uuium prjibilis caterva) of the Saints of Ireland} and lie adds: — 'I [ace patria diccbalur hacteiuis ob Sanctorum, nui in vtx vixcrunt, mul titudinom, Ihsula Sanc torum.' 'This country on ac count of the multitude of Saint's who dwelt in if has hitherto been styled Tub Island of Saints. ' O.nulen, who was no less hostile than TJshcr to Ireland's Catholicity, felt, neverthe less, eon strained to admit her claim to this' distinctive aureola. He writes: — 'Tati'.ieii disuipuli tan (us progrcssus in re Christiana fcccruivt ut MiliM- qcnti actatc III hernia Sanctorum fatna rlke.ictur, ct Scntid's jn lliburnia ct Britannia moiiiU'liis nihil sanctius, l-i-i 1m yi cruditius fucrit, et in universam Euro pa in Saneiissimorum _ virorum cxiiiniiia emiscrint.' 'St.. Patrick's disciples made such progress in Christian piety that in the following age Ireland was called the nation of Saints, and nothing could be more holy or more learned than the Irish monks in Ireland and Britain who sent forth swarms of most holy nusj siunarics to all Europe. Wiire, in his 'Irish Writers,' attests 'Tlisil Ireland, for agos after the coming of 81\. .I'ii trick, abounded with most learned jcrsons: ii ml on account of the multitudo of v.'o-M .holy men, as well those resident there in, us those 'who departed to foreign coun tries to gain souls to Christ, was justly called Tho Island of Saints.' Such, then, was the unanimous testimony of I ho historical writers of tho 17th contury. .Wo may go back further, however, anothor period of 000 years, to learn tho same record regarding the-' more ancient writers of Irish History. The Irish chroniclor, Marian vis (whose death is recorded in 1082), by his Inirnod 'Chronicon,' led tho way on the ronfiiipnl, in that important branch of his ' liry. Me lived ns a recluse for many years, « ml wroto his famous chronicle at Batisbou, i'i Ciermnny. Under tho year A.B. 674, ho frives the following entry regarding Ireland's ?faino for sanctity: — 'Ililirrnia, Insula Sane- 'Ireland the Island of /Drum, sanct.ls minibili- Saints was lo a sublime 1'iis |icr|ilnriiuls subiimitei1 ricureo full of innumcr I'li'iiii habctur.' able great Saints. Tho English chronicler, Floronco of 'Wor- ft si or, who died in 11.18, undor the year 589, 11ms records tho advent of St. Oolumbanus In Franco! — 'Sanctus Pater OolumbanuH ox ?UibpiMiiii, Insula Sanctorum, cum Sancto f'dllo aliisquo probatis discipulis vonit in ?iSiirgnndiam.' ('Tho holy Father Oolum liamiH, from Ireland, Tho Island of Saints, I'liitic to Burgundy, together with Saint Gal Iiim a ml othor virtuous disciples.' Tlin famous Book of Loinstor prosorves an mlr-rosling chronological Poom in tho Irish Jiingiuigo on tho succession of tho Irish mon ''''liK from tho days of St. Patrick to tho t'oining of tho Anglo-Normans. It records Iro ''lid's distinctive auroola, whilst it upostro 1'liisos Erin as ' I'liro og, jnis na naomh,' i.e., 'Virgin Erin, Island of Saints.' This recalls another title of Ireland, in uno V Homo of tho old Irish poots, Whilst upon '|1(1pliislng thoir native land ,thoy aaluto hor 'lt '/Tho Island of tho Angols.' This desig I'1 Hon way probably dorivod from St. CJolum I1,1' n poom on his loved monnHtory.oiTDorry. 1 1|(' iiii mo Berry, \n Irish Doh'o, indicates tho 'lilH'ovnst in which tho monastory was Hitu J111'1'. .St. (Jolumbii, from his island homo 11 l(|iia, in a poom of tho oldest Irish dia ''?'I1. hoI.h forth h\ praiso of its saiictlty that 11(1 Angola koo'ping guard thoro woro, count l(lf* iib tho loiivoa of itB oak-forost: ' NVmi'l*. all tho tribute of Scotia mine, ?{?''in its midland to its bordors, , would glvo'all for ono Httlo coll : » my boiiiililful Berry, ''('i1 Hm poaco uncl for its purity, For the white angels that go In crowds from one end to the other, I love my beautiful Derry. For its quietness and its purity, For heaven's Angels that come and go Under every leaf of the oaks, I love my beautiful Derry.' The English, writer Jocelyn, a Eeligious of the great Cistercian monastery of Furness, who compiled his 'Life of St. Patrick' be fore tho year 3185, and who, aB he attests, was aided in his work by Archbishop Thomas O 'Conor, of Armagh, and. by Malachy the Second, Bishop of Down, in chapter 152 re capitulates the results of St. Patrick's Apos tolate, and thus continues : — 'Infra breve temporis spatium, nulla ercmus, nul'lus pene ? tcrrae angu lus aut locus in insula tarn rcmotus, qui pcrfeo tis monachis aut moniali bus non rcplcrctur, it. a ut Hibqruia special! nomine Insula Sanctorum ubiqtie terrarum jure nominarc tur. Vivebant cnim secun dum regulam a Sancto l'atricio illis pracfixam niundi contemptu, coclcs tium appctitu, sancta mortificationc carnis, ac abdicationc voluntatjs propriae, pares /Egyptiis monachis mcrito atque numcro i:ta ut extcras at quc longinquas regioncs, illustrarcnt verbo ac re. ligionis -cxcmplo.' 'Within a short interval of time, no desert, almost no place or spot of land was so out of the way, as not to bo filled with perfect monks or nuns, so much so that through out all countries Ireland was justly designated 'the Island of Saints,' They conformed their life to the Rule assigned to them by St. Patrick, by contempt of the world, the desire for heavenly things, the holy mortifi cation of the flesh, and the renouncing of self will, equalling the Egyp tian monks in mem as in number, so much so that they adorned foreign and distant regions by their preaching and ex ample of holy life. ' In tho ancient 'Life of St. Abban' (ap. Ward, page 181, Louvaiu, 1662), among the praises of Ireland are mentioned its health ful climate, and its fertility of soil, and it is added: 'The inhabitants of this island, fiom their first conversion, have been con stant in the Faith, and fervent in ardent de votion to the Church of God, and especially to the Koman Seo, and they give proof of hospitality beyond all other nations. In this island so many were remarkable for heroic sanctity that it was appropriately styled The Island of Saints.'' No loss emphatic is the pronouncement of the biographor of St. Ailbho of Bmly: ''Groat is that island, and.. it is a land of Saints (terra Sanctorum), for none but Go3 alone can estimate' the number of Saints who arc interred in it.' In the ancient 'Life of St. Wiro' it is said of Ireland that 'Fertilis sanctorum vi rorum Insyla, et stellarum numerum prop© aequans patrociniis sanctorum virorum pro duxit S. Wironem.' ('The fertilo Island of Saintly Men, almost equalling the number of tho stars in its patron Saints, gave birth to St. Wiro.') So also in tho Life of St. Kilian, tho Apos tle and Patron of Franconia, Ireland is styled 'foocunda quidom globis, sed virj»s sanctissi mis clarion' i.e., famed for tho fertility of its soil still more famous for The number of its Saints. And tfio 'Life of St. Disibod' id ushered in with a similar remark thathe was a native of Ireland, 'Insula sanctis vivis plena'— an Island full of Saints. May we not conclude from all this that, as a' fact of history, Ireland's claim to tho distinctive title of 'Island of Saints' i« unquestionable, and that Gerald Griffin's description of tho Irish Church in thoso early days wns fully justified: — ''Twas tho garden of Christendom, tended with caro, ' „ .,, Every flow 'rot of Eden grow peacefully there; ' , . _. . ., When tho firo of tho spoiler m Lombardy blazed, And the Moslemin shout in tho dosort was raised: „ . . , And high o'or tho wreck of a foar-stnekou world, , ., The standard of holl to tho .winds was un furled; , Faith, blooding, retired to tho Land oi tho West And with'Scionco, hor handmaid, sought shol tor and rost. 'With a warm burst of welcome that shelter was given, Hor broast opened wido to the envoy oi. hoavon. , In tho soroon of her bowors was tho stranger concealed . Till her pantings woro hushed and her brmao-j woro honied, Tlion tho Church of tho Isles saw her glories arise, ., Columba tho Dove-like, and Carthago the Wise, And tho school 'and the tempio gavo light to each shoro, From cljftod lona. to wooded Lismoro.' II, Tho limits assigned to this Papor will not allow more than, a brief outline of tho mo tlvoa by which tho nations of Christendom woro guidod in awarding to Ireland tho poor low. aureola of 'Island of Saints.' I will endeavour to group thoso motivos under :I2 hcudfii, oach having some distinctive merit of its own, and my wish would bo that thoy might nerve as 12 Australian gems to add homo UttTo lustro to Ireland's brilliant and Imperishable crown. 1, And first of all I would place tho vast number of Ireland's early Saints. St, Pat rick's eminent sanctity is rocognlso'dt not only by the Celtic writers, but by ajl the Continental Hagiologists, and it became his privilege to set the impress of his own. sanc- tity on the Irish race, whom he evangelised. Aengus, in his metrical ' Martyrology, ' commemorates St. Patrick in glory 'with the troops of the noble Saints of Erin' around him, and Columba 'with the hosts of Saints from Alba,' and Brigid 'with tho vast troop of tho virgins of Erin.' A very ancient record is presrved, dating from about the year 670, which distributes ii.to 'three orders'' the great Saints who flourished in Ireland from the time of St Patrick, to the year 664. 'The First Order of Saints, 'it says, 'was in the time of St. Patrick; and then they were all Bishops, fa mous and holy, full of the Holy Ghost, 350 in number, founders of churches. All these early Bishops,' it adds, 'were of various races, Romans, Franks, Britons, and Irish. They laid the solid foundation of the Church in Ireland, and their period terminated 50 years after St. Patrick's death, that is, in AD, 543.' In the second Order of Saints there were few Bishops and many priests, 300 in number.' This Order continued during four reigns, from 543 .to 599. 'The Third Order consisted of holy priests, and a few Bi shops, 100 in number, who dwelt in desert places, and lived on herbs and water and the alms of the faithful, and had no property of their own. . . . They continued until tho great plague, A.D. .664.' Of ? these three classes of Saints, the ancient M.S. remarks: '?The first Order was most holy, the second Order very holy, tho third holy. Tho first was like the blazing sun, tho second like the moon, tho third like the stars.' In an ancient 'Life of St. Patrick,' he is said to have consecrated three hundred Bi-^ shops, founded 700 churches, and ordained' 5000 priests;', and in the Lifo of ono of St. Patrick's disciples, St. Mochta, patroii of Louth, it is recorded that in his monastic community there were no fewer than '100 Bi shops, 300 priests, and 80 Psalm-singing noble youths.' . To understand how it was that so many of tho Irish race thus devoted thomselves to the paths of piety we must bear in mind that a, disciplinary rule was enacted by St. Pat rick, to the effect, that the first-born of every family should bo offered to God. In tho Dm idical system, the eldest son in each . chief tain 's houso became a Druid p'riest. St. Pat rick extended this law so that in ovory fam ily, rich or poor, chieftain or plebeian, the first child was dedicated to God; and, fur ther, the Brehon Code decreed that 'if in a family there woro 11 or more children, of whom no less than ten woro sons, the Church wns entitled to demand another son.' The special sanctity, however, to which tho ancient record of tho 'Threo Orders of Saints' refers, would seem to have boon only a preparation and preludo for the high-tide of holiness which soon flooded thoyalloys and the hills of Ireland. The learned chronicler Marianus, as we have already seen, registers under tho date 674 tho fact that 'Ireland, tho Island of Saints, was, to a sublimo de gree, full of innumerable great Saints.' St. Aldhohn, who flourished in England at tbo close of the 7th and tho beginning of tho 8th contury, attests that Ireland at that: timo rivalled tho stars'of tho firmament in the number and brightness of its Saints. In the 'Lifo of St. Mochua,' who is styled 'Abbas sanctissimus ot longaovus' (ho liv ed till his 00th year), ho is said to havo boon the founder of 120 sanctuaries of piety, be sides 80. churches in Ireland and Scotland. So, also, St. Gob an, in Ossory, had .1000 monks undor his charge; St. Ruadhau, 150; St. Fo» chin of Fore, 300. Tho communities of holy nuns woro not loss numerous. St. Itn, patroness of Munstor, had some thousands in hor various monasteries ; and so, also, St. Liadhan of Ossory, St. Mod v/enim of Tuam, St. Samthan, St. Gobnot, and a whole host of othor groat fomalo Saints led each a vast numb or of holy womon in tho paths of porfoction. Tonas, writing iii tho 7th contury, in his Lifo of St. Oolumb'an, affirms that Irolanrl, 'flourishing in the vigour ot Christian doc trine, excels in pioty all the neighbouring nations.'^ Tho ancient 'Lifo of' St. En mold,' in' its description of Ireland, says that, 'as it surpasses nil othor countries 'in tho fertility of its soil, so is it more blossod also, St. Bornnrd, in his discourso on St. in tho glorious porfoction of its Saints.' So, Malachy, apcaks of tho Saint's chorishod homo at Bangor, as 'a holy place-, fruitful of Saints,' and ho adds that tho 'lnlssionarios train od thoro ovorsproad, Iro] and and Scot land, and pourod over ..tho Continont like a flood. St, Aongufl, who flourished about tho your 800, is porhnpft tho most weighty of tho an c:'ont authorities in regard to tho early Saints of Erin. Ho composed a metrical Martyr ology in tho nativo language, a most ro niPTkablo work for that ago. Ho also com y)lort a sod os of lists of the various cIiishoh oC Irish Saints. Sudfleo'H to say that ho oiuunoratos H50 Irish Bishops, H20 prlosls, tind 80 Deacons, all of whom hiu'l widoHproa'l fiuno for sanctity. His famous Litany Is probably unu|iio In Christian literature, JTo Invokes, in various groups, tho pnbon a^o of Irish Sdnts, whoso liamos are known to Clod alono. For instance, In tho Book of 'Loins* tor, tho Litany boglnH with tho invocation! 'Tho 17 holy Bishops, and 700 favoured Hois vmitH of. Clod who roHt In Cork with liriiin bar and Nosfmn, whoso nn,mo« aro written In tho hoavoiiHj nil thoso I invoke unto my aid through JoEiiifj Christ.' The countles» Saints of Lough Irqhi, in the teiritory of . Muskerry, are invoked, and 'a special strophe commends: 'The protection of Lough Ircm, . In which is a sweet-toned bell: Numerous as are the leaves upon trees, Are the Saints who around it dwell.' Two thousand nine hundred and ten priests are invoked at Clonmore with St. Moedhog, tho patron of Ferns. No fewer than 3300 Saints arc invoked who rest at Mayo, undor the holy Bishop Gerald. Fifty of these were i'rem Leyney, in Connaugh't, and, as tho Book of Ballymot© attests, 100 of them were Sax on b who had come to satiate their piety at the sanctuaries of tho West. So, also, aro invoked 'tho 4000 monks, endued with God's grace,' who were under the rule of St. Comgall, at Bangor: tho 'thrice 50 rule observant ecclesiastics, every one of them a Gaedhil, who wont together on pilgrimage under St. Abban;.'.' and tho 3000 holy men who assembled in Munstor, under Bishop Ibar, 'to whom the angels of God mado known the great feast which. St. Bri gicl had prepared for Jesus in. her heart.' Tho Litany further enumerates no fewer than 155 churches or sanctuaries in Ireland, each one of which had its own patron group of seven holy Bishops: and St. Aengus brings . his wonderful Litany to a close with an invo cation of tho holy men who ronde-rod Lcighlin famous by their, sanctity: 'The 300 true Re ligious who settled in Loighiin, and the v ^ 1200 who sang tho praises of God under Mo laisso, the two Ernas, and tho holy martyr Bishops of LeighJin; all thc«o .1. invoice unto my aid, through Jesus Christ. Amen.' From all this we may assuredly conclude that, truly marvellous was tho number of those who, in tho early agos of Ireland '^ faith, attained tho heroism of sanctity. 2\. The Sanctuaries of Piety. — Among the I-lomo M.SS. was' preserved a descriptive list of the ancient Irish monasteries (see O 'Conor 'Eorum llili.' Prolog.' part IX, page 93), which assigns to each a characteristic epi thet: 'Tho hoad of Ireland, Armagh: tho arts of Iroland, Clonmacnois: tho happiness 0-.'. Iroland, Kildaro: the learning' of Iroland, Bangor: tho historian of Iroland, Emly: the ?joy of Iroland, Kolls: the 'eye of Ireland, Li'smoro: tho litanies of Iroland, Tallaght: the anciont language of Ireland, Cork: tho cemetery of Iroland, Glendalough. ' Those, however, aro only a fow of the many centres of piety and enlightenment from which radiated tho blessings of Christian civi lisation throughout tho length and breadth or tho land. Two universities and a dozen 'high schools were, for centuries, considered siiiTiciont for 'England, with her population of 20 millions. At least 100 such institutions of. learning were reckoned throughout Iroland in those early days, when hor population was probably far loss than ono million. A fow only of those sanctuaries of religion and knowledge, which, for convenience fjako, wo ruinio monasteries, can hero bo referred to. Armagh, in tho immediate neighbourhood of Emnnia, famed for its royal rosidonco. and for the chivalry of the Rod-branch Frights, was chosen by St. Patrick to bo the Sec of his Primatial authority. A vast mini- ' . bor of students soon flocked to tho great sicliool of learning orocted there. St. Boin'g nus, tho beloved and loving disciplo olf St. Patrick, was placed in charge. It is styled' .by Stuart 'ono of tho most eolobrated sem inaries of litoraturo in Europe.' As late as tho .12th contury, .Roderick O'Connor, King of Ireland, enlarged tho stipend of tho chief professor of Armagh, by tho yearly do nation, of ton oxon, with the proviso' that 'the school of Armagh should be kept open for all students who would come to' Armagh, as woll from. ovory part of Iroland, as from Scotland.' Such was tho concourso of pil grim students from England, at ono timo, that a wholo quarter of the town called for that: roason 'Trian- Snxon' ('tho English qunrtor') was sot nsldo for thoir nbodo. Armagh is said to have had no fowor than 7000 studonta. ( Bangor, founded by St. Oomgall, was boau tifully situated on tho southorn shore of Bel fast Lough, commanding a lino viow of Oar rickforgus, on' tho opposite shoro of tho Bay', Sr,. Bernard writes that 'this noblo institu tion was the hoad of many nionastorios, and inhabited by many thousands of monks.' Jocolyn, the Cistorcian of Fimioss, in ' his 'Lifo of St. Patrick,' declares that 'Ban- gor wiih a fruitful vino broathlng tho odour c.f. salvation, and that its oH'shoots oxtondod not' only over all Iroland, but far boyond tha seas into foreign countries, nnrt filled many lands with its abounding fruitfulnoss.' St. Luan, ono of Conigal] »h disciples at Baugor, is said to havo boon tho founder of a hundred moimstorjos. During tho incursions of tho ,'Dnnos, 000 Religious of Bangor woro added lo tho will to-robed army of tho martyrs of Christ. Olonard, in Month, honoured St. FJnniau hh its found or. ? St., Ail or an, surnamod tho AViso, nnd countless of,hor Saint? oaino forth fiom this groat sanctuary of piety, which reckoned :lts 3000 students, It' was specially honoured as bolng the'oliosnn abodo of 'tho ?.12 Apostles of Erin.' Thoso woro, besides H(, Finnlan, St. Kiorim of Saighor,' St. CJlif ' ran of OloiinmenolHo, St. Bron'dau of Olon fort, St. Brandan of Birr, St. Columba of! TorryglnsH, St. Molniwo of DoveniHli Isiaud, St. CJnnJco of Atfinilioo. SI:, Rnndan of Lorrhn, St. MobiiiH of CII/ihiiovIii, SI;. SlnoJl of Oloinluls ?' nm\ SI;, Nonimrth of InlH-niac-anlnli. All thottn ' ' nolj mon wot'o thoniHolvos found ors of mn,iiy groat moiuiHtorioH, ' ' Cloiionagh, noar Mountratli, In tho -1Joooho of Klldaro, wiih foiuidod by Bl:, Flntan, It Jjiw boon nunarkoil, that 'although In many pJneos In thoso clays of holiness thoro wj* strict rule, and poor fare, and rigid life, yet Fin tan of Clonenagh seoms to have been the strictest, and poorest, and most rigid of them aJl.;- It waj at the prayer of St. Canice, pat ror of Kilkenny, that Fintan at length re Jj;sed the extreme severity of his discipline. Dr. Healy writes: 'It speaks well for the love of holy p'onancb shown by these young Christians of Ireland'; that in spite of ita' severe discipline this monastery was crowded with holy inmates from all parts of the coun tiy. and' amongst the rest came St. Comgall, from his far-off Dalaradian homo, to become a disciple of this school of labour and pen ar.ee. ' ! Kildaro was famed as St. Brigid's monas tery. In that sanctuary were gathered a countless array of the Virgin Saints of Erin. The firo that was kept burning there# was symbol of the unquenchable flame of Divino .Love that inspired the holy inmates. St. Brigid, in those early days, was the special patroness of Ecclesiastical students, and in her Irish Life it is said the Lord gives to those 'Sons 01 Reading,' through Brigid ?b prayer, every jierf ect blessing that they ask. The Ar'an Islands, off the Galway coast, were chosen by St. Enda as a blessed retreat of prayer and solitude. These islands wero a royal gift from the. Saint's brother-in-law, . Aongus, King of Minister. Aran-Mor, the largest island of the group, '' was' popularly known as ' Aran-na-naomh,' 'Aran of the Saints,' as being a chosen home for the Saints of God. In an ancient record it is stated that 127 Saints sleep in the little graveyard around Killeany Church, and it is added that it will never bo known until the Day of Judgment, ' the' countless hosts of Saints whoso relics are mingled with the sacred soil of Aran. ' Clohmacnoise, the great monastery of St. Ciaran, was spread over the green meadowa on the eastern banks ^of the Shannon. This queenly city 'was the nursing mother of our Saints, and the teacher of our highest learning for a long 600 years. The most an cient and the most accurate of the Annals of Erin wero written in her halls; the most learned 'Doctor of tub Scots' lectured in her classrooms; the sweetest of ^ .our old Gaedhlic poems wore composed by her* pro fessors; the moblost youth of Franco and land crowded her halls, and bore the renown of her holiness and learning 'to foreign lands.' Glondalough, Lismoro, Einly, and Olonfert would merit special mention I must confiue myself) however, to St. Columba'a monas tery of Durrow, which takes its name from the oak-groyo in which it was erected. Thousands fit fervent souls here, as well as at Dorry, placed themselves under the guid ance of Columba, who, when quitting his loved monastery, appointed one of its Religi cais, named Cormack, as its head. An ancient pecm assigned to*St. Columba, describes tho eft arm of Durrbw: 'Tho wind sings through tho elms as well as through the oaks; the blackbird's joyouB note is heard at early dawn; and tho cuckoo chants from troo to tree in that noble, angelic land;' and then the nowJy-appointod Abbot is apostrophised: 'O, Cormuc, beautiful is that church of thin©, \\\ ith its books, with its learning; A city dovout with its hundred crojfsos, Without blomish, and without transgression.' 8\. Tho Bomarkablo Concourso of Foreign Pilgrims to Iroland. — In some of tho extracts from ancient writers already given, mention h raado of the concourse of pilgrims from ? foioign lands to Iroland 'b sanctuaries and '?? schools. Dr, Petrio bears further testimony :i to this singular fact: 'Of such immigra tion,' ho says, 'there cannot possibly exist . r» doubt; for not to spoak of thci great number of foreigners who wore disci p]oe of St. Patrick, and of whom the iuuiigh arc preserved in tho most ancient Livgb of that Saint, nor of tho evidences of tho same nature so abundantly supplied in ^ho livos of many other Saints of tho primitvo Irish Church, it will bo sulliciont to refer to that most curious anciont document written in 7!)0, tho Litany of St. Aongus, dn which aro invoked such a vast number of foreign Saints buried in Iroland.' (Trans, K.T.A. !XX. 136.) Tho learned Franciscan, Oolgmi, referring to tho anciont record of the early Irish Church, thus montionod by Potrio, writes: Wo huvti hero somo foundation for that great opinion which the Romans, and other Luropoan nations, formerly ontortainod of tho sanctity and learning of this sacred ? is land, For, in those goldon days, when tho Faith was llrsfdisaominatod in our country, and during somo oenturloa following, it was lookod upon as not alone, a training institu tion for tho con version of nations; but also as a second Thobaid for cherishing tho exor cipos of ascetic life, iincl a general school of tho wost, for cultivating tho tfttuly of phi losophy and the Sacred Sorlpturon}1 ho that I scarce laiow whether it lias attained to greater glory; for having produced and wont ? forth Doctors nnd ApowtloH, almost without liuinbor, or from the fact that from tlio con tinued arrival, settlement, and aopulluro in our land, of Italians, Gauls, Qormans, Brit ons, Picts, Saxons, or Angles, and persons of other nations, who flocked hither desirous of strict discipline and learning, the Island might justly be called a general institute of polite literature for Europe, and a general rotroat for tho followers of an ascetic life.' (A eta S.S., p. 539.) In so far as England was concerned, the Protestant Bishop Wordsworth, in his 'Oc- casional Sermons,' adds his testimony re garding the attractiveness, and beneficent in fluence of Ireland's sanctity: 'More than a thousand years, ago, ' ho says, 'the Church of Ireland was the- burning and shining light of the Western World. Her candlestick was seen from afar, diffusing its rays like the luminous beacon of some lofty lighthouse, planted on a rock amid tho foaming surge of the ocean, and casting its light over tho land, must not endeavour to conceal our obligations to her. We must not be ashamed to confess that with regard to learning, and especially with regard to sacred learning, Iroland was in advance of England at that time. The sons of our nobles and gentry were sent for' education thither. Ireland was tho University of the West. She was rich in libraries, colleges, and schools. She was famous, as now, for hospitality. She received those w'ho came to her with affectionate gene ro'sity, and provided them with books and instructors. She trained them in sound learning, especially in the word of God.' The fact thus commemorated is attested by tho ancient writers, Venerable Bede and St. Andelm. The former in his 'Historia Ecclesiastica,' after referring to the ter rible plague that swept over Ireland in the latter half of the 7t1i century, writes: 'Kraut ibidem eq tern pore multi -nobMium' simul ct med'iocrium de gonte Anglorum,, qui temporc Finan,i et Colinnni Kpis corporum, rclicta insula pntria, vcl diviriac lee tionis, vcl continent!* vi'tac gratia illo sccesser ant. Et quidain quidem mox se' monasticne con versation! fidclitcr nianci pnverunt, alii magis oir cuendo par ccll.is magis trorutn, lectioni opcram darci gaudcbnnt: qjios ninnjcs| Scott! libcntissinie suscipicutcs, victum cis cotidianum sine pretio, libros quoquc ad legen dum, ct magisteriuni gra tuitum praebcre cura banlt.' 'Tlicre were in Ireland at that time many of the Etlielings (the nobility), as well as of the middle class of the English race, who, ? whilst ' Fin an and Colman were Bishops, quitting their native is land, hastened thither, ci'thcr in search of sacred learning or through the desire of leading a more perfect lif.,e. And some of them, indeed1', at once fervently enrolled them selves in the monasteries; whilst others, passing around from teacher to teacher, devoted them selves to study ; aJl of whom the Irish welcomed most cordially, supplying them gratuitously with food, and providing them also with the books which they required, and gra tuitous teaching.' Twonty-fivo years oarlier than Bcdo, St Aldhelm bpro witness to tho samo fact, but .further he attests that the English youth set out for tho Irish coasts in fleets, so general was tho dosiro of tho Saxons of those days to be enriched at the honied stores of Ire land's sanctity anil' learning: — 'Cur, inquam, Ilibcr- 'Why should Ireland be nia., quo catervatim thus exto'lled by an in isthinc lectorcs cla&sibus; comparable privilege, adveeti' confli unt, iiuft'n- crowds of students being bill quodam privilegio carried thither in fleets? efferatur.' Many of the English pilgrims resorted to Armagh, many also made Mayo, in tho West ot Iroland, their homo. So many from tho sister island woro enrolled in this latter mon astery that it became known as Mayo of tho Saxons. Pilgrims from tho continent camo in vast numbors to Bangor, Olonmacnoiso, and Loigh lin. In tho 'Life of St. .Finnbar,' men tion is made of a wholo host of Roligous men coming from Italy to put thomsolvos undor tho direction of the groat Saint in his famous schools at Gougano — Barra, and Cork. Somo anciont rocords nuiko montion of Religious visitors from Egypt, who came to pursue tho paths of perfection in Iroland. So many students flocked from all parts to Ross that if; was popularly known as 'Robs of tho Pilgrims.' A little later Lismoro became a groat contro of attraction for tho Continen tal pilgrims, but, indeed, what tho Italian author Moronus writes of Lismoro, in his metrical 'Lifo of St. Cathaldus,' may bo regarded ns applicable to all tho groat mon asteries of Erin at this period : — 'Tho Sicambri como from tho marshy Rhino; The Bohemians closer!; thoir cold North land; tide; Forth from Geneva's frowning cliffs thoy throng; Kolvotia's youths by rapid Rhone., and Saono Arc few! Hibornia is now thoir homo. Al] thoso from many lands, by many di verse paths, Rivals in pious zoal, Book Lismoro '# famous Boat.' 4\. — Irish. Missionaries ' in Scotland. — Tlio first groat Irish enterprise for tho conversion of nations was devised by St, Oolumba, whoyo luomory has ovor boon hold in Hpoclal aflloc tion and veneration by tho whol.o Ooltlo race, A synod was being held at Tailton, aud tho Saint', full of ardour for tho conversion of souls, Hubmittod to tlio aHaomblod Fathoi'S his missionary schomo, St, Brendan gavo voice to the sentiments of all when he de clared that Columba was fore- ordained by God to be a leader of peoples to life. Two races were to bo evangelised: tha Picts, a licrce people, occupying the Northern districts, and St. Columba 's countrymen, who, in tho preceding century* had been as sociated with the, Picts in their marauding ex cursions into Britain, and were now settled ,in the Southern districts. Accompaniod by IS- Priests, Columba ,set out from his loved monastery of Deny in 563, being then 42 years of age. He chose the small island of lona for his central monastic home. The names' aro preserved of 26 of his religious foundations among tho Picts, and of 32 among the Scots of Alba. He was summoned to his reward in 597, and for 1300 years he liar, been honoured as Scotland's Apostlo. Dr. Reeves tells tlio results of his mission: 'Tho primitive history . of the .Church of Scotland is essentially Irish. Situate in the West,, Columba 's great monastery of lona exercised a religious influence which was felt in every quarter of Scotland. In the extreme North, the Orkneys wero rendered safe to the dovout pilgrim by St. Columbaj in the far South, Molrosc attained its greatest cele brity under Eata, one of St. Aidan' s 12 dis ciplesj.and in tho Eastern exeromity of Pict land, Drostan, son of Oosgrogh, accompaniod the indefatigable Columba when ho founded the churches of Abordour and Aborlour.' Dean Spencer, of Gloucester, may continue the narrative:— 'The small community of 12 quickly grew. Tho name of Columba, al ready famous, his remarkable austerities and hi& singular power over men, brought over many from Iroland who wished to share in his life and work. Tho great missionary lived alone in a rough plank hut, sleeping on a hard floor, with a stone for his pillow, and this way of living he never changed; ccascles work of various kinds, only inter rupted by prolonged prayer, fillciriiis life. The narrow limts of tho island, and 'of- the original holy house of lona, 'very soon woro too small for the ever- multiplying crowd of dwciplos who flocked thither, drawn by the name and growing influence of Columba. Into tho noghbouring isles, through the hills and valleys inhabited by tho Picts, frosli, and over fresh, littlo companies were constantly going forth, planting now religious communi ties on tho same linos as tho mother house of lona, all under tho supremacy of tho great missionary monk, and boaring the namo of tho 'family of Oolumba.' Somo traditions oven attribute 300 of such foundations to him and his disciples. This numbor is prob ably exaggerated, but that those communi ties woro very numerous and scattered all o^or the country, is indisputable,' Tho Presbyterian historian of St, Oolumba, Writes that tho conversion of tho British raco 'was an onterpriso worthy of a groat missionary. Even imagination.' can help us but a little way in picturing to ourselves the Scotland of tho time, and thoso lonoly journeys on foot of tho master and. his dis ciples across its rugged mountains and through its dense forosts and among its bleak bogs and morassos, or thoso still more dan gcious voyagos when, in frail skiffs thoy boldly faced the seas that ragod round tho Hcbridos and tho Orknoys. I think of those pure missionary Oolts as thoy wero, as prob ably in physical appoarance not unliko tho Scottish Highlanders of the present day, mou of commanding prosonco, as . wo cortainly know Oolumba and Oolumbanus woro, They como boforo us as men with few wants, liv ing on humblest faro, loading an outdoor life, men of powerful physique, capablo of groat endurance, inurod to hardship and fati guo from thoir earliest days, Wo* soe them march forth from lona in littlo bands, clad in a simple white tunic, ovor which was tho ueuiil .monastic droHH of undybd wool, coarse, but strong und good, bound round tho waist with a strong cord,, and cbvorlng them from head to foot, serving thorn for clothes by day and blankot by night. All thoir worldly goods thoy carry with thorn on their back in a wallet: over then- shoulder a leathern ah tor bottle; in their hand a staff. Tims 1,-1 trudge sturdily along. It was men li]u. S and m a way like that, who converted' Sen ' -J?d »'d EngliUUl and Nor«»orn Europe to' 5.— Irish Missionaries in England —A low years after St. Augustine's death in (J05 ?.! most all .England relapsed into PM-nnis',' Inah misionaries from lona and other (!oi « monasteries were the chosen instrunicnls in the hands of the Divino Master to rosioro to the whole English race the blessings 6f 'tho Catholic Faith. Tho Protestant Bishop j- \\\ ordsworth, does 'full justice to the ci«i,ni ol: Jona. It is the duty of Englishmen, '5 he says, 'to remember that tho Ohristianitv or LngJand and of Scotland was, in a .,,.Oat measure, reflected upon them from tho Wet by the instrumentality of Irish missionaries cBpecmlly of those who camo from Ion? ' }l\? anii°, of l01ia has boon co»Plcd with th',,t of Marathon by one of our most celebrated writers in a passage familiar to ulh and liiov yho are versed in tho history of Chrislianily id their own land will gladly and gratefully confess that tho peaceful conquests achieved in our country by the saintly armies of Tonu were far more beneficent and glorious Hum any that wore, ever gained on fields liko that of Marathon; for the names of thoso who fought for these victories of tho Gospel two inscribed, not in porishablo records, but in the pages of the 'Book of Life.' Boforo tho middlo of tho 7th century tho King of Northumberland, Oswald, who' had been educated in the Irish Church, sout lo it ioi Christian teachers, 'that they might con yort- his subjects from Paganism. Accord ingly, Aidan, an Irish Bishop, and other Msli missionaries, wont forth from the school of Columbn, nnd wore settled by the King in Lindisfarno, and preached the Gospel in Northumberland, and planted tho Church there. Tho happy effects of this mission from lona woro felt' throughout England, from I ho river Hiujibcr to tho Thames. Churches w.to built, tho'pooplo flocked with joy to Ticnr tlio 'Word of. Gad. The Heavenly Dove, tho Holy Spirit of God, brooded invisibly ovor tlio heads of thousands baptised by those Irish missionaries in the Faith of Christ in our own Jaiul. Multitudes, wonriod by the storm, ami finding no rest for the solo of thoir foot on tho woldornoss of tlic waters of this lifo, tools the- wilderness of the waters of this life,' took refuge in the Ark. of the Church.' _Tho first misslonor sent from lona, to JNorthumbria soon returned to the monastery. There was no hope, ho said, of convert iiig the Anglos. 'They wore a raco of unta-mablo savages; thoir spirit was obstinate, oven bar barons.' It was then that the gentle AJdou wont forth with his 12 companions. Ho ehonu tho littlo island of Lindisfarno, a Tow miles off tho coast ut Bamsborough, for his jiUh sionary contro. Continual streams oJ! Irish niJBsitfnoi'H camo to his aid and. within h!x toon yoars ho eaAv soy oral Kingdoms of tlio Anglos ,and Saxons gathered once more inlo the saving fold. Dean Spejice writes of this holy Bishop Aidan : -' ' Ho was eminently prHfl tical in his usual ways of working, loa'viii).1/ nothing to chance or passing emotion. Ilia charm of manner, his ssoal and dovotod pioly. his groat learning attracted many scholars and earnest and skilful missionaries,' teachers and proachors from Irolaml, which at .that tlmo wo know was the groat contro of tho learn ing and religious enterprise of Western Mu re po,' , i Vonerablo Bode rolatos how St. Aidon, 1» tho beginning of his missionary career, b fl- ing -unequal to . tlio task of preaching to 1 ho A nglos in their own tongue, dolivorod hla -|ll- Btructions in., tho Irish language, and King Of.wald, who had passed his years of oxilo ii. Iroland, acted, as intorprotor, roponling to tho aSHoniblorl niultitudo, intholr own ton A'»oi tho words of lifo spoken by tho holy Bishop.' Boino have nuppoHod that It wns onlv -tho Kingdom of Northuiubrla. that win rostorod to tho Ohristian Faith through ili;is;' Celtic miHsionarios, but aueh a ^uppoHllio' is quite untenable. Dean Spence gives ua the last word of modern research on this head: 'An impenetrable mist, '.'ho says, 'hangs q%qx the early period of the story of the Mercian Angles, and. of the East and West Snx-onsj Bede, our guide, giving us but few details oi! the Southern and Midland King doms. But through the mist and. the con fusion we see enough to assure us that all t)j(, Christianity of the Northmen, conquer ors of: Mid and Southern Britain, came from Northumbrian missionary preachers; that tho centre of tho Northumbrian religi ous lite was Lindisfarno, that little rocky ialiiud oft the coast botween Bamsborough nihI the modern Berwick; that Lindisfarne looked to lona and its network of-- Irish -com- munities as its guide and. religious centre; jiiid Hint beyond lona' it looked to the nourishing Celtic Church in Ireland as its spiritual hi other Church.' Another wave of Irish religious influence c- tondod to England under Alfred tho Great. The Danes being vanquished, ho applied to tho Irish monasteries for missionaries to re vive the religious life of his people, and as ' Osbern, in the 'Life __ of St. Dunstan,' writes: 'Numbers of tlfese illustrious men, who -wero eminently skilled in sacred and pioi'itne learning, came 'into England, and chose Glastonbury for their place 'of abode.' SI. Punstnn was trained in their school. We arc told that tho holy Scriptures and ili(. works of the Fathers were tho subjects of his assiduous meditation, and that he at tiiiiHsd. considerable proficiency in the vari ous .'Iris of music, painting, engraving, and working in metals. Even at an earlier period, as St. Aldhelm relates, the Celtic miHHioii iirios availed of sacred melody to charm tho untutored Saxon mind, and Giraldus Cam brensis, despite his enmity to everything en nobling in the Celtic character, attests that 'in tho matter .of musical instruments, the Irish race ('gens Hibornica') was incom j.arubly skilled beyond every other nation that we know of.' (i. — Irish Missions to the' Continent. — Tho ' Irish missionary influence was not confined lo Scotland and England, but extended to all [Northern and Midland Europe, and embraced tho fair plains of Italy itself. Most of the burabiirian races that had overrun a grout part of Europe-, and trampled on the civili sation of Imperial Rome, were still pagan, o', at least very imperfectly instructed in Chris iiiuiity; thero was but little sympathy be tween tho conquerors and tho conquered, and tho old provincial inhabitants could make but little way in tho work of evangelising the barbarians. In tho latter half of the 6th cen.' ?tiny a new religious life was awakened in these, half Christian, half pagan provinces in tho heart of tho old Roman Empire of tho West, by Irish missionaries, many of whom, under St. Columbanus, as their leader,' had boon trained to the Religious life in the gn-nl. nfonastory of Bnngor, in Ulster, under the saintly Oomgall. A learned article, written many yaars ago for the 'Edinburgh Review,' by tho Kov, Arthur West Haddan, givaa a fair apprecia tion of tho work accomplished throughout Kuropo by thoso Irish missionaries. Tho characteristic qualities of the Celtic raco — their ready talent, their depth of feeling, their enthusiasm — wore, ho writes, onnoblod and quickened in thoso missionaries 'by a fervour of roltgious life, and by a vigour and extent of Christian learning, which made the 'Scot' of those days the missionary and the teacher 'par excellence' of the Northern Europe of tho time. The travel ler of the world, his travels were sanctified into pilgrimages; the great civiliser of Nor thern Europe, his colonies were monasteries, which served at once as permanent fortress es to secure the advances of Ohriftfouflani. and as the kernels of cities which in time con verted forests into gardens and fields and tamed barbarian hordes into ? Christian peo ples.' Again, setting forth the methods by i which the missionary of St. Patrick and St. Columba acquired paramount influence throughout Europe, he says: 'First by armies ot monastic missionaries, and next by learn ed teachers— -first by attracting pupils to Irish schools from all Christian Europe north of tho Alps and Pyrenees, and next, by sending forth men to become the founders of schools oi monasteries or churches abroad, they stand out from the 6th century forward, as the most energetic centres of religious life and know lecge in Europe — the main restorers in Chris tianity in paganised England and Roma's Germany— tho reformers and main founder* of monastic life in northern France— the op ponents of Arianism, even in Italy itself-— the originators in the West of the well meant system of tho Peniteutials— the lead ing preservers, in tho 8th and 9th eenturirs, of theological and classics* culture, Greek ??X'i well as Latin — the. scribes, 'D'o'th at home snd abroad, of many a precious Bible texT— - ',the teachers of psalmody— tho schoolmasters of the great monastic schools— the parents, in great part, as well as the- forerunners of Arglo-Saxon learning and missionary zeal— the senders -forth of not, the least bright stars among the galaxy of talent gathered by Charlemagne from all quarters to instruct I' is degenerate Franks— the founders of tTio schoolmen — the hive, lastly, jvhonce, long uf ter CharTemagne, Germany 'and Switzerland drew a never-failing supply of zealous and learned monks, driven from home, probably by Danish ravages and intestine brawls, down to the very time of the Normanising of the Celtic Churches in tho entire British isles, in the 11th and 12th centuries. In ,1 word, between the Roman and Teuton tTiere was, historically and morally, a pap, which (an M. Ozanam truly says), the Celtic races .filled, and, so preserved tho chain of Chris tian civilisation unbroken, not only by keep ing decrepit Roman culture ativo until two vigorous life of Teutonic maniiood was ready to receive it, but by supplying elements also of enthusiasm, imagination, and affectionate ness, which were needed to soften Teutonic barbarism.' Thus it was that 'the extreme limit of tho West poured back with interest tho gifts of civilisation and of tho Gospel upon tho Roman empire, to which it had stood but shortly before as tho very sym bol of remotest barbarism.' The Irish Church repaid its founders by becoming* in it* turn 'tho strength and life of Continen tal Christendom.' Dr. Haddan sketches in seme detail the extent of tho Irish mission ary field: 'It is recorded by chroniclers, as one might chronicle a good harvest, that A.D. 074 'Ireland was full of Saints.' St. Columba, the apostle of tho Albanian Scots and northern Picts; St. Aidan, tho apostlo of the Northumbrian Saxons; St. Oolumbanus, tho apostlo of the Burguridinns of tho Vosges district of Alsace]' St. Gall, the apostlo of north-eastern Switzerland and Alemnnnin; St. Kilinn, tho apostlo and martyr of Thur ingia; St. Virgilius, tho apostle of Carinthin, are tho loading names among thoso who sought to sow abroad the seod of a still lar ger harvest of tho like grain. Those laid the foundation of Christian labours, which carried back tho sway of tho Gospel to tho limits to which the Christianised' Roman empiro had formerly borne it, but which had'ninen boon oflncod and overpassed by hoathen Teutonic conquest. Between the latter years of the 6th and tho early ones of the 8th centuries, tho Irish mission field stretched along tho borders of the thon existing Christendom, from the Orkneys to tho Tlinmos, and from the sources of tho Rhino and tho Danube downwards to tho shoros of the Channel, from Soino to Scholdt; while at Bobbio, nnnr the Trobia, in Italy, was planted a Catholic Irish colony in tho midst of Arian Lombards; and unknown, but' not Iobs zealous, mission arios, bore tho Gospel northwards, over stormy and icy soas, ovon to the Faroe Islos and the shores of Iceland. And as Christian ity pushed its frontiers forward, with tho la'pso of years, so did Irish ssoal keep puc-* with tho advance.' Some, with 0/annm, would find traces of Irish missionaries in Spain, othovs would bring Norway within tho sphoro of their influence. At all ovontd, no Dr. Haddan concludes, ' With ovory al lowanco for logond— itself no small ovidonco of tho celebrity of that nation which it- finds everywhere, and to which.it;' attributes every thing— enough was undoubtedly achieved by Irishmen for tho faith and. for. tho Christian learning of tho time, during tho period from tho Oth to tho 12th centuries, to gain thorn mi undying fame in tho Church of Christ.' Rov. Stcphon Whito, S..T., replying to some of tho accusations of Giraldus OambronsiM, tells of tho rntmbor of Irish missionary Saints and Martyrs in those early days that ho him nolf had discovered in trustworthy. writingH, as having laboured in various countries ot Europe. Tn Germany, lie Nays, ho mot wltli 11(5 missionaries thus honoured' as patrons, of whom nfl aro Martyrs. In Franco 40, ol whom six Martyrs; in Belgium 80, among whom nine Martyrs; 44 in England, of whom .IB Martyrs,1 Jfl in Italy, of whom two Mnr tyrs; eight went forth as missionaries to Norway and Iceland, and all were Martyrs; in Scotland 27, of wlibm, however, none worn honored among the Martyrs. All this, he cor rectly states, is only a partial list; modern research has well-nigh doubled the number that he assigns of Irish missionary Saints. Rev. Dr. Carew writes: 'Tho xeal of the Irish missionaries was quickly rewarded by tho fame which Ireland acquired for sanctity and learning. In the records of almost every notion of Europe, we find honourable, men tion of the splendid exertions of Irishmen In favour of religion and literature. With a generosity, which is attested by writers not chargeable with partiality, Ireland threw open her schools to the youth of foreign coun tries, and oftentimes provided gratuitously for their support. But the zeal of Irishmen was not content with encouraging at home, the cause of religion and of letters. In the simple, but expressive laoiguage of an ancient writer, learned and holy men issued forth in swarms from Ireland, like bees from the hive, to diffuse in distant regions those blessings, in which their native Hind so largely par ticipated Of the religious and literary in stitutions erected by them in other countries, nmny vestiges yet remain, and in many of the places which wero once the theatre of their enlightened labours, tho memory of these holy men is still cherished and ro vered. ' ' Archdeacon Lynch, in the 17th' century, having given a long list of those missionaries, concluded: 'Ireland was, therefore, both tho athenaeum of learning, and the temple ot holiness, supplying the- world with literati and heaven with Saints. Truly doth she ap pear tho Academy of tho earth and tht- cotoiiy of heaven.' Professor Zimmer is quito enthusiastic in hit praise of Irish missionary entorprse: 'Ii eland can lay claim,' he says, 'to a great past; she can not only boast of having been the birthplace and abode of high culture in tho 5th and Oth centuries, . . . but also of having made strenuous oll'orts in the 7th and up to the 10th century to spread her learning among the German and Roman people, thus forming the actual foundation of our present continental civilisation.' It Would not bo difficult to multiply thoso refer ences to writers whose testimony is beyond suspicion of partiality, but I will bo content with citing two further witnesses. Doellinger and Green, whoso names shine brightly on the historical roll of tho last century. Tho former attests that in tho 7th century 'Tho Church of Ireland stiil in tho full boauty of its bloom,' and adds: 'Many holy arid learned Irishmen left their own country to proclaim the Faith, to establish or reform monasteries in distant lands, and thus to bo-, come tho benefactors of almost ovory nation in Europe.' So, also,' Mr. Green in his 'Short History of the,. English People,' gives unstinted praise to tho Irish mission aries who followod in the footsteps of St. Columbanus. Such, he 'says, was their fear less and untiring activity, and so bright the example of tlijfir self-denial and devotion, that 'for a time it seemed as if the course of the world's history was to bo changed, as if the older Celtic race that Roman and Geiman had swept before them, had turned to the moral conquest of their conquerors.' 7\. — Irish Missionaries in France. — Towards the end of the Cth century France had be come a bye-word throughout Europo for vm morality and irreligion. The glory shod upon that favoured country by St. Hilary of Poi tiers, St. Martin of Tours, St. Germanus of Auxerre, and St. Remigius of Rheims, would seem to have passed away for ever. Dr. Stokes writes that, it is difficult to conceive a more dark and odious state of society than that of France under her Merovingian Kings, the descendants of Clovis, as described by Gregory of Tours. He adds: 'It was into a country where all the bonds which bind so ciety together were totally dissolved, St. Col unilianus flung himself with all the headlong ocurage of his raco, to be the champion of morals, tho apostle of civilisation, the fear Iosh soldier of the cross of Christ. Ho landed in the north of France. The two languages used by him, the 'Celtic and the Latin, would, of course, carry him everywhere. He at onco net out on a course of apostolic wanderings, which at last led him to Burgundy, at that time ruled by Gontran, who may be describ ed -as the least immoral of the grandsons of Clovis. This king received him gladly, oU'or od him riches and honours, which tho mm sicnary declined, and settled upon him the Old Roman castle of Annegray (thon iu ruins), where the first Irish monastery rais'-- od its head.' Many disciples soon gathered around tho heroic' missionaries. Another monastery sprung up at Luxeuil, about eight miles from their first home, not far from tho city -now known as Besancon, and a third quickly followod at Fontaines, in tho same district. Montnloinbert has. eloquently, and In full detail, described the marvellous in fluence which St. 'Columban's mission e'xer- ' ci&ed; on Franco. AVe must bo content with the brief, but' faithful, sketch givon by Dean Spence: 'The life lived by tho stran ger Irish monks in their three houses, thoir oxtiomo austerities, the lofty ideal they pro- ? sonted, had, by the- very sharpness of its contrasts with' the excesses and splfindul genco of that barbarous ago, a peculiar at tiaction for the*' Prankish nnd Burgundian warriors who had taken possession of the Vog ger: country. Disciples in groat numbers, rich and poor, collected around tho saintly Irish monk. He gradually become a power in tho land, and dared publicly to rebuke tho more, conspicuous vices of the kings and princes; no threats affrighted him, and Ms fame grow with each succeeilitip, year. He was surrounded by companions as oarnest and capable as himself; among thorn woro men like St. Gall and St. Doicola, whoso names have gone down in history among thoso who have played a distinguished part in influencing tho course of events. Con tinued reinforcements from tho great Irish monasteries enabled Columbnn to make fresh, and over fresh settlements, It is, indeed, a wondrous story. From thoso rough groups of huts and poor churches oroctod by the friend less, homeless, landless eons of Ireland, sprang in an incredibly /*hqrt space of timo, that , mighty network of monastic establishments, owning the rule of ColumDan, the monk c tho Irish Ba-ngor, which extended from Luxe uii in the Vosges, southward to the lake o Geneva and the lake of Zurich; far to tii north and north-west to the shores of th English Channel and the North Sea, wher the chain of his communities stretched fron the Seine to the Scheldt. Many of the mosi fair.ous monasteries of central and northen Europe, which played so great a part in me diaeval history for several eventful cen turies, were 'founded by Ooiumban and Jiii companions. They were dotted over wostert Germany, Switzerland, Prance, arid the Low Countries, not a few of those great religious houses where the lamp of religion and learn ing was 'kept brightly burning during several . hundred stormy years of wars and confusion and trouble-, were the after-fruits., of the prayers and labours of Ooiumban and hh noble -band of workers. The student of his tory, as he reads the many-couorod, sadden . ing chronicles of the Middle Ages, and pauses with admiration and surprise as hf, comes upon the noble record of Remiremont and St. Vantlrille, Fontenelle, Jumieges, and St. Riquier; of Sithiu and St. Omerj and greatest of all, St. Gall, remembers with as tonishment that all these mighty foundations to which Christianity and culture owe so deep a debt, were the undoubted woik of f?t. Columban and his Irish disciples, to whom the foundations' of these numerous and in fluential communities is owing. In a com paratively short time after its foundation St ' Columban V monastery of Lnxouil attain ed to the climax of its greatness and pros perity. Under the. 'government of its ' second Abbot, St. Eustatius, between 'the years 610 and 625, it became the monastic capital of all the countries under Fran Irish rulo. Throughout this 7th century it was the most celebrated school of Christendom, and the most frequented. The children of the1 noblest Frank and Burgundian families' crowded to ii ; the most famous cities of tho south pro vinces of Gaul, such as Lyons, Autun, and Strasburg, sent their youth thither. Every year saw the rise of some religious house, peopled and founded by the children of Luxe uil, and (numberless Sees, sought as Bishops rr.en trained in this world-famous centre. Ec clesiastical writers proudly enumerated P.I of the alumni of Luxeuil, who received after death the honours of Canonisation.' Tho ancient records' aro no less emphatic than mo dern writers in bearing witness to the vast numbor of Irish missionaries who thus bora the glad tidings and blessings of Christian piety to France. Suffice it to cite the words of 1-ieric of Auxerre, who, at the close of tho 8th century writes: ''What -shall I say of Ireland, who, despising tho dangers of the deep, is migrating with almost her whole train of philosophers to our coasts.' g, — Irish Missionaries in Germany. — Tho learned Benedictine, Mabillon, remarks that Ireland conferred four benefits on the Ger man people: the Faith; the oroction of bi .shopricks; the introduction of arts and let ters'} and the knowledge of architecture. Res Bel, in his 'History of the Diocese of Co logne,' gives some interesting details of this German indebtedness, particularly in tho matter of Religion. Tho Irish missionaries, ho says, feared, neither tho dangers of tho soa nor of the land. Armed with tho cross, they preached Christ crucified to kings and poo ples. They gave their lives for the salva tion of our forofnthoiu They gavo not only the blessings of the Faith, but learning, tho tieasuro of tho schools, hospitals, asylums, shelters for the poor, and all similar re-1 treats. ''.Every' province of Germany pro* claims tho Irish race as its benefactor. Aus tria colobmtos St. Ooloman, St. Virgilius, St. Modestus, and others. To whom but to tho Irish was duo the. famous Sehottonldosto? of Vienna? Salzburg, Ratisbon, and all Ba varia honour St. Virgilins as their Apoatlo. Similar honour is paid in different regions to SS. Alto, Marianus,' and Maoariufl. Bur gundy, Alsnco, Helvetia, Snevia, with one vcleo, proclaim tho glory of Oolumbar.ua, Gaul, Fridolin, Arbognst, Florontius, and Trudport, who first proncheil tho true reli gion 'amongst them. Franconia and the Bu chenian forest honour as their apostlos SI;. Kilian and St. Firnvln. Tho land between tho Rhine and the Moselle rejoiced in tho la bours of Wondelin and Disibod. Tho Saxons and the tribes of Northern Gormnny are in debted' to them to rin extent which may bo Iv.dgeil by tho fact that tho first ton Bishops who occupied tho Seo of Vovclun belonged to that race.' ; Two membors of the. Irish monastery oi Luxeuil were formally sent forth by a Gallic ? Council about the year 620 to lay the founda tion of a Church in Bavaria. Thoir work wnti revived and extended by two Irish Bishops, Rupert and Pirminius, ancl at a .somewhat ioter period was consolidated by St. Vjrgi HiiR oi! Salzburg. About tho year 6S7, St. fc.il.1an, with Mb Priest Column,'* and his Beacon Tot nan, all Irish, contended with heathenism «n the heart of Tlvurliiffla, and all received the martyr's crown. 'St. Dobda established a if gieat school of piety at Ghiempsee, in Ba \-- vfiria^ SS, EvorarH and Albert afc Eatisbon, if- and St. Alto at Altenmunstor, near Freisin a gen, where another Irish Saint Declan, is also 0 honoured. Professor Ebrard, a German Pio e testant, lias but little sympathy with the Irish 1 Catholic missionaries. We. smile afc his -futile t attempts to enrol them on his Protestant i Calendar, but we cordially accept his apprecia \- tin of the vast field, of their apostolato. He \- sots forth that at the date of St. Columbaniis ' 3 arrival on the Continent, the whole of the i countries which constitute the Germany of the r. piesent day, were, with slight exceptions, i in -a state of heathenism. There were some ? remains of a Christian Church in Treves, and I the monasteries which 'Fridolin had founded l in Strasburg and Switzerland were still s maintained. But the whole of the rest of i Germany had still to be Christianised, and tho whole of the work of conversion for the next two centuries was almost exclusively in the hands, of the Irish missionaries. la tho course of the 7th century a whole series of Irish churches and monasteries extended along the banks of the Rhine from Coiro * to the islands of the Rhine-Delta, and east ward from the Rhino to the Inn, to the moun tain^ barriers of Bohemia, and to the frontiers of Saxony. These wore so many centres of Christian' piety and bulwarks of the Faith. As .regards the influence thus exorcised by those Irish missionaries on Germany, 'it must at least, be confessed that these influences . might be compared to the overflow of a ? river which covers the whole land.' As I write these iines the great Eucharis tic Congress is being held in Cologne, and on its programme I see a special session for tbo English-speaking visitors assigned to tue i beautiful Church and Shrine of St. Ursula. : Tin's leads back our thoughts to one of the earliest of Ireland's virgin Saints, whose ( martyrdom in Cologne added brilliant lustre 1 'and renown to the Christian fame of that an- - eient city. Cardinal Wiseman has shown ' that the martyrdom of St. Ursula ancl her * companions must be assigned to the period of 1 . flic invasion of the Huns and the destruction - of tho city about the year 460. Some writers ] have affirmed that St. Ursula was the daugh- 1 tor of a British prince, relying for the opin- I ion solely on the ancient tradition of Cologne g that she liad come to Germany with her com- s panions from Britain.. Our Irish writers, how- a ever, have constantly asserted Ireland's ( claim to this groat martyr Saint. With her c chosen companions, she was proceeding on r pilgrimage to Rome. She would, as a matter t of course, pass through Britain, and, land- 1 ing in Roman territory, on the German coast, I v/ould proceed onwards through Cologne. The y ono difficulty which hitherto cast a doubt on £ .this? tradition was to the effect that the name li of Ursula was not Celtic, and had no place t on Ireland's ancient records. Modern re- j: seach,has set at rest all doubts on this head, o The namo 'Ursula' is but a translation into I Latin of the Irish M'athona, and precisely d ubcut the year 460, wo meet in the record u of St. Patrick's Life among the chosen disci- t: pies of our Apostle, a St. Mathona, who was c Sister of St. Bcnignus, and of whom ninny c things nro said regarding her heroism in fr promoting the work of Iroland's conversion, s but of the close 'of whoso career thero Is y only tho simply entry, 'She sot out on pil- p pTimago. ' It appears to me to bo unques tionable that tho St. Ursula of tho Roman ,t: documents is 110116 other than the Irish ho n roino St, Mnthona, who, together with her ]j four companions, justly holds tho place of- p honour among the virgin Saints of 1roJnn..1 ]-, who won the Martyr's crown. t 0\. — Irish Missionaries in Belgium. — A learn- b- ed' article on 'Irish Saints in Belgium,' in o the 'American Ecclesiastical Review' (Au- n gust, 1908) attests? 'It is to Ireland that t Belgium owes, amongst others, St. Foillan, g tlio patron of Fosse, St. Livinus, patron of a Ghent, St. Rumold, patron of Malinos, St. f: ]\\-onin, patron of Nassogno, St. Cndroo, St. n Mncalan, and St. Foranna-ri, founders and o first Abbots of -the monastery of Walciodorvis; g or Waulsort. And, although St. Wiliibroril, VI tho apostlo of tho FrioHlanders, was not an ir Irishman, Ireland may justly claim a share 61 in him merits and ronown. Ho had spoilt 12 tl years ns a student in tho schools of Armagh, 8] ninl it :i9 perhaps no exaggeration to say thav ci it wns his Irish training which inspired and In oncouragod him to undortako his apostolic ir, labours among the pagan population of FrioS' sr land. Tho Irish missionary connection with- bi Belgium dates from the earlier portion ot in the 7th century. ftho work of ovangolisa- m lion commenced by St. Foillan, St. Ultnn, and ol St, Fursey, wns continued by others oi! their fr countrymen until towards tho close of tho Sllv century, by which time Christianity wns £? fnirly well ostnfoltehocl throughout tho wholo n, of tho Low Obuntrios.' w Tho Abbey of Waulsort, now in tho Bio- nE opfifi of Namur, merits special montion, For oj niore than 800 yoars, it was a chorlahCKl m home of pioty and lonrning, its boneflwout i0 activity ceasing only with its suppression i tho troublous times of the French Revoli tion. The first founders were SS. Ca« rooand Macalari, who, with several con psmons set out from Ireland in the first hai of the 10th century, and after resting for while at Peronne, in France, were invited b the pious Lady Jlere^inde to settle in th ?foiest of Thierache, on .the borders of th Jlawiault, near a chapel dedicated to St M ebael, and there established a centre of re ijgious life, which soon acquired a hie reputation for the sanctity of its inmates i'rom this monastery, the flrst Religion brethren, came to found the monaster of Waulsort. St. Forannan was a B\ sliop in Ireland before setting out with V companions for Belgium. He was welcome. by his countrymen at Waulsort, and sucl was his reputation for sanctity and learn ir.g that he was soon after chosen Abbot ii 967\. The monastery so flourished under hi rvdc that he was_ regarded as its second foun der. He proceeded to Rome to secure tin blessing of Pope Benedict VII. for the mon astery and its branch houses. It is speci ally recorded that he translated to Waulsor; tl'c-f -Relics of an Irish missionary named S*; Eloquius, which hitherto had been venerate* at Grigny-sur-Oise. His own tomb, in aftci years, was illustrated by miracles, and was ii'iieh frequented by pilgrims. St. Foillan, who is known in Belgium nn cloi the names, of Feuillen and Pholien, tojre tfcer with his brother, St. Ulta-n, shed lustro on tho Irish Church in the first half of the 7th century. Proceeding to Belgium, they settled on a plot of land granted to them 3y St. Gertrude, daughter of Pepin of Lan len, Abbess of the monastery of Nivelle, in Brabant. The monastery which they erected ;here, between the rivei's Sambre and Meuse, lecamo so frequented that the town of Fosso jiew up around it, and remains to the pre icr.t day. St. Foillan and three companions vere marytred ij-the desert of Soignes, in -57, but his remains were translated to Foss?, md enshrined in the parish church. His nemory is still held in the highest vonera ion by the people of Fosso, and by the in labitants of nil the neighbouring villages. ^. remarkable procession is lield every seven rem-s(, in honomyof tho Saint, on the last Sunday of September. A visitor who travel ed to Fosse in September, 1907, to witness ho Septennial celebration, 'attests that noth ng could surpass the religious enthusiasm f the people in doing honour to their Irish ?ntron. 'The little town,' he says, 'was .ecorated as on high festival days, and tri mphal arches; bearing appropriate inscrip iens, spanned the streets. Thero wore pro essions both morning and afternoon, tho ortoge passing through serried ranlcs of in crested spectators, not fewer than 30,000 (rangers having been attracted to Fosso to .'itness this unique manifestation of popular iety.' St. Livinus, in the seventh century ravelled through tho country around Alost nd Minovo, and succeeded in winning over irgo numbers from Paganism. He nlso reached tho Faith at ITautho'm, where in 057 e received tlio martyr's crown. His shrino liere became a 'famous place of pilgrimage, o much so that the town recoivod tho namo f HauthGm-St.-Liovin. In 1907, tho com nine celebrated, by splondid religious fest ivities, a double jubilee in honour of thlh re at Irish Apostle of Flanders, tfib 900th univorsnry of the translation of his relics I'om Hnnthem to Ghent, and the 1250l;h nn iversary of his martyrdom. ' I will montion nly ono othe-r of the Irish patrons of Be iv.m, St. Dympna. In, tho neighbourhood of lie presnt village of Gliool she was mart/vp'l '. rlefonco of hor virginity, about the year 50\. Many insann persons having rociv»roil io uho of their ^'oaf-on at her tomb, she is Dtcinlly invoked throughout Belgium in H'es of mental disease. At present the vil ige of Ghoel and the wholo of the surround iff country is devoted, to the care of the in )ne, no fewer than '5000 invalids being oardod out in carefully-selected households, ncler tho supervision of medical experts, and any wonderful euros are recorded as being stained through the patronago of the fnr unod Virgin-martyr of Erin, ao.—lrish Missionaries in Switzerland. ?— witzorland reckons sevoral Irish missiofl* ?ies among her patron Saints, St. Fridolin as probably the first to evoct nn Irish mon- ' story ns a school of piety and a bulwark ?, religion amid tho famed scenery of her runtains and lakes. He set out from Iro nd moro as a pilgrim than a missionary in «* the first years of the Oth century to ^Ti „.. ate his piety at the Shrine of St. R\Uvv n'f ;]. Pcitiers. The patronage of a Frank monar'l v Clovis, who included what was afterwu -,!« ir AustraBia in his dominions, and therefore w,« a the- first of the name, marks the date of i.'u y arrival in Switzerland as not later than fi,!i e year 511. Having satiated his piety at £ e Hilary's Bhrino, he passed onwards towaHs i. Switzerland by the Moselle and Strasburi j. Stemg the religious desolation tliut nroviiV ' h -c-d, he halted at Glarus, and ercted thorp i ,. church dedicated to St. Hilary. He snW s quently chose the island of Secldnoo'i, 011 v- the Rhine, near Basle, as the centre* of ],i i. missionary enterprise. He dedicated sc^onl 2 churches in the surrounding districts to R. I Hilary, some of which still remain. Olln,'. Ii churches bear St. FridoIh'iTnamo. He il . honoured as chief patron of the canton of ! Glarns, and his relics are enshrined in \U 3\. ola conventual church of Seckingen. Tlio . wcrk of evangelisation begun by St.'ivido. 3 hr. was carried on and completed by St. Col . umbanus and his companions. When this . great Saint was -compelled by the porsocn'. t tion of the court to quit his loved monastic . home at Luxeuil, he found a safe asylum for I a tune on the banks of Lake Constance mil .- ther.ee he travelled, onwards to Italy, 'find 3 ing his last resting place at Bobbin. Dr Hp.ddan gives the names of tlio prlnci.rir ? Irish foundations in Switzerland. 'St C'nl ymbanus,' ho says, 'must have passed nn ' ol° nl\U0 by th0 Via Mttlil» or Qw to the i bt. Gotnard, a strange precursor of tlio in.su ? lar travellers who now crowd through i)lQ Alpine passes with no higher motive than loye of amusement or search of health.' Ar Disentis, at the very head of the western sourco of the Rhine, above tlio old city of Coire, an Irish companion of OolunibHims' Sigisbert, founded a monastery which Ion* continued to spread around it 'tho blessing of religion. In the Cathedral at Coire, ani still preserved some ancient bronze shrines of exquisite Celtic workmanship, which prob ably belonged to the Irish monastery. 'Low- er elown, on the shores of the Lake Constance a greater Irish disciple of tho same master! St. Gall, or Cailech,. revived tho dying em bers of the Gospel in the ancient, nnd tlion still- existing Seo of Constance, and extended j its way (with his disciples, mainly Irish) fur across tho Black Forest into Alemnnnia, or i .Wurtemberg, leaving his name also to n monastery, which, hi after days, wns to be j still nn Irish school, and the 'rival ,in fa mo of Fulda itself.' Lower still, and at a some.- ; what later dato, overleaping tho double mon astery of Fridolin, anothor Irishman, St. Trndpert, and, something later, andthor nnm- ' ed. Landelin, 'became founders of monastic ? colonies near Froyburg, in Barlon, and at 'Kt , tenheimmunstcr nnd Schuttern, :iioar OUCon- \ burg, in the same neighbourhood.' At tlio beginning of tho Sth contury, St. PJnninins another Irishman, was 'tho founder of Roicli onau, tlfo groat twin abbey of tTiat neighbour hood, with St. Gall, and founder or restorer ,of 14 or 15 others in a circle from Pfeft'ois, j between Glarns and Ooire, by Gmuiu'l, to j Weissonburg, and tho strangoly-nninod I ' Mauri Monastorium' in Alsace, and even, I by a daring advance, at Upper and Lower Al- I tach, on tho Danube, as low as its confluence I with tho Isar, nnd at Monsoo, near Salzburg, I restored and consolidated what tlio earlier j Irish had begun.' Tho connection botwoeu I Ii eland and Switzerland continued all I through tho 9th contury. St. Findan, after I visiting St. Martin's shrino at Tours, sottiofl I down in his hormitago at Rhoinau, noar I SchaflfhauBcn, which soon1 grew into a groat I centre of religious life. Another Irishman, I St. Ensebius, about the year 841,' establiBhoil 1 a monastery at Mount St. Victor, in the Vor- I ttlborg, which, after tho Saint's death, was I by roynl charter united to St. Gall. About; I tlic same time the monastery of St. Gall wns I visited by the Irish Bishop Marcus, nccom- | pauied by his more famous nephew, Moongnl, I who continued to teach there for many years, I and in whoso school were trainoct Tutilo and I Notker and Ratpert, who wpro. reckoned am- ' I ong tho most fame'd1 of the' Gorman scholars I of those days. ' I H.—Irish Missionaries -in Italy.— The. first. | gieat Irish foundation in Italy was that oj I 81, Oolumbnnus at Bobbio. The oroction oC | thev monastery is gouorally afisignotl to tho ? year C.12,1)ut it is certain that several yonrn M boforo that date, St. ColumbanuH visltno 1 Noith Italy. Tho Ducal family 'of Bavnrln ,| liaa received roligious instruction from mm I nnd his brother Roligious at Luxouil. In tlio ? ? ways of Providonco Thoodolinda, a daug»n«'' B of tho Duke of Bavaria became the wife .of i Agilulph, the Lombard Duke, who had hith- ' erto been the champion of Arianism, and had ' fiercely assailed St. Gregory the Great in ' Rome itself. On giving birth to her first' son, ' Tlieodolinda invited Oolumbanus to admiuis- ( ter Baptism to him. The ceremony perform- 1 ed by the Saint at Milan was a momentous ( event for the peace of 'Italy and the triumph ' of the Church. Agilulpli, at tho exhortation ' of Columban, from being;, a persecutor, be- ( come the friend of St. Gregory and champion : of tho orthodox faith. It was at this time ' that Columbanus wrote, at the request of j Agilulpli, a treatise or .formula of Faith ' against the Arian heresy, which is in all ; probability the famous 'Quicumque vult,' ' the authorship of which has boon so disput ed, but of which the oldest MS. fragment ' supposed to be in the hand-writng of Colum bai.'iis himself is still preserved in the Am brosian Library at Milan, brought thither i frcm the monastery of Bobbio. Several Irish missionaries are honoured among the p.atron Saints of Italy. Thus at 'Lucca we have St. Finnian, whose name has , been changed to Frigidianus in Latin, and Frcdiano in Italian: at Fiesole, the Bishop Doiiatus is. honured together with his com panions St. Brigid and St. Andrew: a.nd Ta rn 1: to, at the very extremity of Italy 's'heols, pays duo' honour, fo St. Cathaldus and his crmpnnion, Donatus. Many other churches pay tho like honour to other Irish patrons. Those Saints had not forgotten their native, land. St. Donatus of Fiesole composed in Tilt tin a metrical life of the great Patron oi Kildare, St. Brigid. The first introductory linos are thus translated by Mrs. Ferguson: 'Far in the confines of tho West There lies a lan-l,_of lands the best; An island rich in all good store Of robe' and gem, and golden ore.' Tho few subsequent linos have been trans lated by Thomas Moore: 'Her verdant fields with milk and honey /low, .. ? Tier woolly fleocos vie with virgin snow, TTor waving furrows float wjth beardod corn, And arts and arms her envied sons adorn.'' Continuing his Prologue,' St. Donatus tolls that it is his purpose in sketching St. Brigid 's Life to gather a few 'fitting blossoms in, a garden full of flowors, ' and then ho adds: 'If beholding tho glittering st;ars of hea ven, wo seek to know their order and high aspirfng course, 'If wo could number tho minutest graius of. sand which tho troubled waves of the sea have scattered on our shores, 'Then might wo number the virtues of this 'Virgin, 'Whose heart was tho Temple of tho Most High.' A new fiold for Irish influonce in North Italy was opened by Charlemagne when ho instituted the famous high-scnool as a centre of learning at Pavia, and placed at its head tho Irish monk Albinus Tho coming of this holy man to tho court of Charlemagne is ho characteristic of the Irish Saints of those times that I give in full tho narrative writ lor.1 by the monastic qhroniclor of St. Gall: 'When tho illustrious Charles began to reign clone, in tho western parts of tho world, and Vilcrature and everywhere almost forgotten, and tho worsTup of the true God was i accord ingly feeble, it happened that two Scots of Tipland, men ineomparativoly skilled in luv nnii learning and in tho Holy Scriptures, oame over with some British merchants to the shores of France. As they produced o merchandise for sale they used to proclaim ;o the crowds flocking to purchase, 'If any 3ne is desirous of wisdom,, let him come to us, and receive it; for we havb it to sell.' riieir reason for saying they had it for sab;, s'as, that, perceiving the people inclined to leal in saleable articles, and not to take any thing gratuitously, they might by this means aithe-r rouse them to the purchase of wisdom at' well as of other things; or, as the sequel 3hcws, might by speaking in that manner sxcite their wonder and astonishment. They ropeatod this declaration so often, that an ac count of them was conveyed, either by their admirers, or by those who thought them in sane to the King Charles, who being a lover and very desirous of wisdom, had them le«l with all expedition before him, and asked; them At they truly' possessed wisdom, as it was reported to him. They answered that they did, and were ready in the name of the Lord to 'communicate it to such as woul & seek for it worthily. On his enquiring of them wliat compensation they would expect for it, they replied that they required no thing more than convenient situations, in genious minds, and, as being in a foreign country, to be supplied with food and rai ment. Charles, li.v ing 'heard their proposals, and filled with, great joy, at first kept both of them with himself for a short time. After an interval, when obliged to proceed on a military expedition, ho ordered one of them, whose name was Clemens, to remain in Fiance, entrusting to his care a great num ber of boys, i.ot only of the highest nobility, bi-t likewise of the middle and lower ranks of society, who were by his orders provided with f-iid tad suitable habitations. Tho other, by name Albinus, ho directed to Italy, and assigned to him the monastery of St. Augnstin's near Pavia, that such persons as chese to do so, might there resort to him for instruction.' Under tho guidance of Albinus and many assistants who came to him from Ireland, tho school of Pavia became a centre of' enlight enment for all North Italy. Ono of his suc cessors2 named Dungal, in 823, obtained wide spiead famo for ins knowledge of astronomy and his loarnocl writings.' Ho ended his days at the monastery of Bobbio which ho enrich ed with many precious MSS. In this tie imitated the example of another groat Irish Saint at Bobbio, Sf.. Cummian, who was held in such esteem that tho Lombard King Luit pi and caused his tomb to bo adorned with precious stones. He had brought with' him from Ireland many valuable MSS., all of vhich, ho bequeathed to tho library of .the monastery, and 'thus enriched that, venorable shrine became for all Italy for well nigh J300 years ' ' a storehouse of classical as well as theological and, liturgical trea sures. ' ' 12\. — Later Irish Monasteries Throughout Europe. — All through northern and central Europe in the Middle Ages we- meet with a series of homes of Irish piety known as 'Irish Monasteries,' 'Monasteria Scotto rum, ' ' which merit special mention. As early aj the year 844, a Council held at Meaux, in France, called attention to them. Several of thoso Institutions, it says, had been al lowed to fall into disrepair, 'whether through negligence or through vicissitudes of the times, ' and hence a decree was adop ted to tho effect that such foundations word ti; bo restored 'in such manner as thoy had boon instituted by the Scots of old.' Those Institutions wore originally intend ed as resting homos for tho Irish pilgrims, v/ho in tho ardour of their piety flocked in vast numbera- to visit tho shrinos of Koine or the Holy Land. At tho period of tho Dan ish invasions, when tho monasteries in Tro lr.nd were plu'nderod and her sanctuaries wore desecrated, those continental institutions be came a place of refuge for the Irish Religi ous who recompensed the hospitality extend ed to them by their missionary zeal and exercise of the sacred ministry. Towards the end of the^llth century, a special activity is seen in erecting and consolidating those pil grim homes for Irish missionaries. Eatisbon, in Germany, was ono of the great centres of this religious 'movement. The first founda tion there was due to Miiredach, of the fam ily of MacRoarty, in Donegal, who with six companions, set out from Ireland on pilgrim age, about the year 1067. Settling in Katis bon, many of his countrymen gathered around him, the Church of St. Peter and the adjoining monastery were assigned to their care, and under Imperial patronage thoae pilgrims from Erin exercised a far-reaching influence. St. James' monastery in the same city was an affiliation from St. -Peter's, but BGOii outstripped in importance the Mother House. One of its Abbots, Gilchrist Mac Carthy, not only solicited the favour of tho German Emperor and the Bavarian nobility for his work, but proceeded to Ireland to collect funds for enlarging his church and monastery. It is specially recorded that Conor O'Brien, King of Minister, contribu ted 200 markfl towards this pious work. Bq fcre the end of the 12th century affiliations fiom these Irish monasteries at Ratisbon were to be found in Wurzburg, Constance, Nuremberg, Vienna, Eichstaett and Mernin gen, and several others, were instituted early in the 13th century. Many of these founda tions were due to the reverence with whic.li Germany cherished the memory of its early Irish missionaries. I will allow the writer of an interesting article on this subject in tho 'All Hallows Annual' for the present, year, to continue the narrative: 'The cir cumstances attending on the foundation of these monasteries show in what esteem tho Irish monks were held by the Germans of that period. The labours of the early Irish Saints in Central and Southern Germany wore not forgotten, and princes, Bishops, and peo ple were ready to give a warm welcome to the countrymen of Kilian, 'Rupert, Ailbhe and Gall. Thus it was that Emmerich, Bi shop of Wurzburg, founded in 1134, tho mon astery of St. James, in honour of St. Kilian, and handed it over to tho Irish monks oi Ratisbon; and that Henry, Bishop of Con stance, brought Maelsuthian and 12 Irish monks to his Episcopal city in veneration for his patron, St. Gall. I would not? be surpris ed to learn that the Wurzburg foundation v.as duo, in part at least, to David the Irish man, who presided for many years over the Wurzburg Cathedral School, and who after v/ards became chaplain to the Emperor Henry V. This post of Imporial chaplain was con f oi red frequently on our countrymen, and two of its holders, Cams, third Abbot of St. James', Wurzburg, chaplain to Conrad II., and Declan, chaplain to Frederick Barbarosso, are co-founders of the Irish monastery of St. Egidius, at Nuremberg, which was built on tho northorn confines of the town under tho very shadow of the imporial castle, where Conrad and Frederick loved to dwell. But if. the monws from Ratisbon were high in tho favour of the Ghibellino Emperors, and took up their abode under the walls of their strongholds, they were none the less welcome to the Guelphs, whoso leader, Duke Guelph hinisolf, brought Muiredach and 12 monks from St. James7 and established them on his ' patrimonial estate at Momingon.' The Irish monastery of St. Martin at Co logne dates from tho year 690. Throughout the period of tho Danish invasions, it; was a fovourito rosort of Religious from Ireland. In tho church attachod to tho monastery is still preserved a precious Relic of St. Brigia supposed to have been brought thitlier at this period. In the 11th century, under its . Abbot, St. Helias (1015-1042), this monastery attained special renown in. Germany. Ho was a native of the County Monaghan. He ?was the first to introduce the Roman chant at Cologne, and to him was dedicated the famous book on the laws of Symphony and Tone, by Berno, of Reichenau. Donachadh, Abbot of Dunshaughlin, in Ireland, died at St. Martin's, in 1027, as also did Bran, King . ox Leinsterj in 1052. Arnold, the last Irish Abbot, died in 1103; but the monastery flour ished until the French Revolution, when it was suppressed and converted into a parish church in July, 1803. Another of those old Irish monasteries has impressed its no. me. on a most attractive quar ter of the great city of Vienna. 'One of the sights of that city is tlie Ring Strasse, the wide boulevard dividing the old town from the new, faced with churches and mag- ' nificent public buildings, and filled with the teeming life of Jbhe gay capital of Austria. The north-western section of this» boulevard , is called the 'Scotten Ring,' from its vicin ity to th.6 'Scottenhof,' the largo pile of buildings which once formed the Irish mon a&tery; of Vienna.' The story of its foun dation is not without interest, Whon, the city of Vienna would seem to have decayed almQBJt beyond recovery, a number of wealthy merchants of Ratisbon were invited by the^ Court to settle tlfere.. They consented, but' with the condition that some of the Irish menks would accompany them. The condi tion was accepted, and we find Abbot Gilla no-Naemhb with a small band of his brother monks settling on the then north-western out skirts of Vienna. The monastery thus erec ted was the germ that developed into the fashionable ' Schottenhof ' ' in the course of centuries. Such in brief outline are some of the mo tives which impollod tho grateful nations of tho Continent to award to Ireland the aure ola of 'Tho Island of Saints'— her fame foi sanctity and learning, tho devotion of her sons to promote letters and religion, and the heroism and fruitfulness of tho zeal with whiCh her. missionaries restored to Eu rope the blessings of Christian civilisation, and built up anew tho bulwarks of tho Faith against barbarism and unbelief. And Ireland has never forfeited that, glorious award of Christendom. During con trries, of unparalleled persecution for roligt or-.V sake, she over clung to the Faith, and merited va further bright crown from admir ing Christendom as tho Martyr Island of Holy Church. A pious person applied to tho : illustrious. Dr. Doylo, Bishop of Kildaro, for ..! some Relics of Saints. In reply ho said:1 ^'Go to the first wayside graveyard of your people; take from it a handful of dust; it is the Relics of Martyrs for Religion.' Dur- ' ing1 the century that has intervened since calm and, peace were restored to tho Irish people by Emancipation, tho whole country has been arrayed once more in religious beauty, like tho Bride of lite Lamb, and tho present successor of St. Peter has not failed ' to again and again repeat that tho Irish race are tho best Catholics at the prosont day and that amid the sorrows tliat from every side crcwd upon him, they are second to no othor nation in Christendom by thoir piety;' earn- ?; ostnem and vigour, bringing to him consola- y tioii and joy. May' tho .Irish Church long continue to pursue tho same radiant paps ; of 'Christian heroism and holiness, giving doTy to tho Most High, and consolation to flic Vicar of tho Divine Master, aud bring- - ' inp untold blessings to tho old 'and new na tionn of Christendom. 