S0IM1L TIio President of the Board of Health nays that the New South Wales food, standards will, when completed, so further than ilio Victorian code. Trafalgar Day was celebrated throughout England yesterdaj'. Extraordinary precautions arn being taltch to protect the Czar during his visit to Italy. All houses along the Czar's routo In Avar- o «a»» iiutu wt-t.il oi.tuv,it.u, ujiu tnv juvj'iiiauia required to guarantee that order will bo maintained. Tho bursting of a dam In Lake Derkos, Constantinople, resulted in 25 workmen being drowned. Sir. J. PIcrpont Morgan lias purchased sev eral of llip late George .Meredith's manu scripts which the author gave to an oltl ser vant. Tho Spanish Cabinet has resigned. i Violent scenes occurred In the Spanish Par liament yesterday, and the President broke two bells in trying to maintain order. Horr Rassmusscn, the Danish explorer, states that after having questioned the Es kimos who accompanied Dr. Cook, he came to the conclusion that the latter reached tho Pole. "... ... In the House of Hoprescntativcs yesterday the discussion on the Defence Bill was re-- sumcd In committee. A new clause 'was Introduced, that promo tions of the. rank of oflleers in the citizens forces shall bo made from those who have served in the ranks. 1 For the past quarter tho railway earnings show' an Increase of £20,875. The tramway earnings increased .by £25,125. The seismograph at the , Sydney- Observa tory registered a sharp earth tremor at about S a.m. yesterday. . . ! In the House of Representatives yesterday the Postmaster- General stated that Impor tant Improvements are to bo carried out at the Sydney G.P.O. . A AVomen's Single Tax League ' lias heen formed to work In conjunction with the Sin gle Tax League of Sydney. Tho apprentice question was discussed at length at the Master , Builders' Conference yesterday. „ , , . It was agreed.that.lt- was' desirable to establish some central authority to .deal with the registration and instruction: of ap prentices. . : . A paper was read by Mr. H. J. : Thompson advocating the rcglstratlori'of builders. At the Dutch Consulate yesterday Mr. AVade cordially welcomed a number of Dutch immigrants -bound for Brisbane. Another estate, tho Corcon, with tho Back Paddock of Gunambi), Is ' to be made avail able for closer settlement. , The hot fly is prevalent In several parts of the AA'Ingham district, and a number: of liorses have been troubled by. the pest.- Over 8000. square miles of country In the Thargojnindah district are to bp thrown open for closer settlement. . ' ' ' ' Tho Congregational Union lias passed a resolution In favor of amending legislation dealing with marriage, shops. ' Tho report of the Public AVorks Commit tee or. the Improvement of tne entrance iu Newcastle Harbor has been tabled In the Legislative Assembly. The memory of the late Mr. Kirkcnldlo will, It Is probable, . be - perpetuated by n monument over Ills remains and a tablet In the Railway Institute. Between 110 and 120 men have been put oft from the Fltzroy. Dock owing to slackness of work. j According to Mr. AVaddell, everything pos sible is being done by. the Chief Commission er to cope with the harvest as far as pos- stblo. !. A deputation to the. Minister for. AVorks yesterday advocated a lino of railway from AAryalong. via Ungarle, ; to Lake Cudgollico. . A bill wr.R Introduced in the Alctorinn As sembly by the Labor leader for the aboli tion of aldermen In Melbourne and Geolong. It was considered that the abolition of' aldermen would be a step in the reform 01 the Melbourne City Council, i ; Sir Joseph AVard Is negotiating for a mall service between Now Zealand and Great Britain, via San Francisco. \- The Caulficld trainer F. Duder was kick ed by a horse a day or two back, and sus tained a broken leg. The A.J.C. architect lins been instructed to furnish plans for Increasing, tho accom modation of the Itandwfck grandstand. . i The only lioree baeltod yesterday for a largo amount of money for tho Melbourne Cup was Mr. J. C. AVllliamson's colt Danllo. The Mconce A'aliey Cup, mile, will be run to-morrow. Fourteen Sydney horses have quall.led to stnrt. 