IRELAND ;THE?l3LiD OF SAINTS.' ? BKHIS EMINENCE CARDINAL MORa!n; . - During the past few months a controversy has arisen in. the home countries regarding Ireland's claim to be^'The Is'and of Saints.'. The children of the Irish race have hitherto been content with the undisturbed and un questioned traditional belief that the grateful nations ' of Christendom had in olden days .. - awarded .that peerless aureola to their . motherland. They-.-paid but little attention to the calumnies b'f writers like Froude, who would assure his readers that Ire'and was in quite a savage state till the Anglo-Norman invasion in the 12th century, and they heed ed' still less the senseless sneer of others who, like the Eev. Dr. Giles, in his 'Life of King Alfred the Great,' would persuade his rea ders that, as Avith Nazareth of old, nothing good could come from Ireland. But when serious writers in the public press would call in question the fact of Ire'and being en titled to the aureola which her sons and daughters so justly prize^ a different attitude mu..t necessarily be assumed. Ifc behoves : lias ? to inquire into the matter on historical lines, and by mature investigation- to place beyojid all rational doubt the justice of Ireland's claim. I propose to treat the question under two ? aspects: First, setting for the unimpeachable testimony of various writers, who bear wit ness to the historical fact that the title of 'The Island of Saints' was in olden days awarded to Ireland, and, secondly, assigning some of the motives by which the gratefui nations of Christendom were impelled to make this peerless award. - 1. No one, I presume, will questijn the fact that the modern historians of Ireland of one accord assign to her the aureola of 'Island of Saints.' For,- instance, one of the leaders of this historical school,, the 'Abbe Mac Geoghan, writes: ''Ireland was, from its con version to the Christian religion in the be ginning of the fifth, to the incursion of the Danes in the ninth century, universally ac knowledged to have been , the theatre of learning and the seminary of virtue and sanc tity, which acquired for her the g'orious title of 'The Jsland of Saints.' ' The latest representative of ~ the samo bchool, Most Rev. Dr. Ho.aly (Archbishop of Tuam), gives to liis learned work on --the monasteries and schools of Ireland- the title which speaks for itself, 'Insula- Sanctorum et Doctorum' ('The Island of Saints and Scho lars'). The renowned Montalembert may speak for France. In his important work, 'The Monks of the West' (vo\ .3, page 84), he thus writes: 'Thanks to incessant emigra tion, Ireland, from the nth to the eighth century, became one of the principal centres of Christianity, in the wor'd — nob only of Christian holiness' and virtue, but also . o* knowledge, 1'terature, and that intellectual civilisation with which the new fai:h wa.- nbout to endow Europe, then deiivere.l- fi'o'ri heathenism and from the Roman E-npire. . . . , The first great monasteries of. Tre land were nothing else, to speak simply, 'th.ui*' c'ans reorganised under a religious form. From this cause resulted the extraordinary number of their religious, who were counted by hundred? pud thousand,; from this als'- came their influence ^nd fruit£ulnesi, which1 were still more wonderful. In these vast jvon^stic cities that fidelity 'to the Churph which Ireland has maintained with heroin constancy for fourteen1 centuries, in face of all the excesses as well as all the refinerpent.5 of persecution, took permanent root. There jOst were trained en entire population of )ihilo~ophers, of writers, ,, of -architects, of v carvers, of painter,-?, of ciligraphers, of musi cians, poets, and historians; but. above all, of iriissionaries and preachers, destined to ' s',-ead the light of the Gosoel and of Chrs tia-1! educat:on not on'y in al' the Celtic countries, of whi°h Ireland wa'. always the parsing Toother, bub throughout Europe — ? — oiq; all the Teutonic lvpes ; a^orc; the T''Mik.j and Burgunclipns, who 'were a're'idy v-isLers of Gaul ; as well as amid the dwellers l-v the Rhine and Danube, -Mid i-;- to t'lo Ir'in'i'jrs 'of Ttnlv. -Thus s-r'mg np''alp') i'-nse armies of miints,' who were n^ore 'nume- rous. TPore nniional, more ivvul0!'. nnd it vv t be added, more exti-;«or'l:i1.oryl i-i Ire ?~-*cl tli»ri''in any otl^eV Christian' W'l.. ' Th i' \vf*'l known th?t the innininious tewfci'»O'y ne Cbr-'^^irloTi 'conferred upon Tre'a-id at tli's remind the n.we of 'Isle of Sa:nts.' ' ''j1 v-iM. --sV -'he luVnv'an Al'/op; +o b°nv 'vi*-' '-'',s -'n +he nnmo of Per''°PTT. T' h;s 'U-ii- vorsnl -Oluirclv Hrtorv',, (TX . 43- ha^tlius \--rites': ''A nation that but. -a fewj short years Ijiil'ore had been shrouded in £heJ darkness of paganism was suddenly iilumined by the pure rays of divine; truth. Churches and chapels, monasteries and convents, schools and col leges, covered the land, and from hill and vai:ey one song of thanksgiving went up to the throne of God. And thus Erin became the 'Island of Saints,' the home and refuge of learning anl holiness, and the ' nursery whence missionaries went forth to carry the light of faibh to the nations of the European continent. Her seats of learning, her monasteries and nunneries, and her chari table institutions were unsurpassed, either in number of excellence, by those of any nation of the world. Her children preserved the faith of Christ as pure and entire as it came from the lips of her apostle ; heresy and schism were unknown to theni, and loyalty to the successor of St. Peter was one of their most distinguishing characteristics.' Professor Brueck, after citing these words of Alzog in reference to the 'Idand of Saints,' adds: 'Such are historical facts, in themselves so extraordinary and so well at tested that ifc is impossible to deny them; and so cheering are they to every Catholic historian that he must feel delighted in re cording them.' Mi-. Darmesteter, another German writer, attests that 'it was not only piety that thus nourished in Ireland. The higher learning also took sanctuary in her monasteries, and the lamp of knowledge burned brightly be fore the altar. 'The classic tradition,' he says, 'to alL appearance dead in Europe, burst out into full bloom in the 'Isle of the Saints,' and the Renaissance began in Ire land 100 years before it was known in Italy. During three centuries Ireland- Was the asylum of the higher learning, which took sanctuary from the uncultured States of Europe. At one time Armagh, the religious capital of Christian Ireland, -was the metropolis of civilisation.' G.ietano Moroni, in his 'Dizionario di Erudizione Storico Ecclesiastico' (Rome, 1846), tells us the universal opinion of Ita lian writers.. He states, tinder the head 'Irlanda': 'Siecome 1'irlanda sino dai .'As Ireland from the eav primi tempi di suaconversione liest days of her couversion ]-roriu$bc 'in grandissimo nu- produced a prodigious imm mero di Santi incritossirjuindi lier of Saints, she consequently il titolo d' 'Ibola lie' Santi.' ' merited the title of ' Island c f Saints.'' This testimony of modern historians be comes the more convincing when we see that Protestant writers, who are ever ready to find fault with Irish sanctity, nevertheless l'eel themselves constrained to confess that all antiquity 'awarded to Ireland, as a dis-. tinctive title^. the designation of 'Island of Saints.' To take a few instances, Nichol son, in hi/ ;iili'ish Historical Library,' re marks that 'The whole kingdom of Ireland is commonly called by ancient Church his torians 'Insula Sanctorum,' as being more fertile, in- the production of saints, martyrs, and confessors, than any other nation in the Christian world.' (Pago 81.) Rev. Dr. Killen, as President of the CoFege in Belfast and Professor of Ecclesiastical History, is entitled to speak for the Presby terians. He writes: 'In the seventh . century Ireland was known by the designation of the 'Isle of Saints.' It was largely indebted for this honourable title to its monastic* estab lishments, not a few of which were under the management of Abbots eminent for pie by and literature.' ;:' ?' Rev. Thomas Olden bears witness for, the Ang{icsns. Referring to 'the vast number of those who were remarkable for sanctity in. Ireland, he says: 'In this great multitude ?who bore the title we see the reason the -Irish claimed for their country the honour of being 'The Island of Saints.' An Iridh poet of the twelfth century begins his poem by thus ad dressing hi country: '0 Virgin Erin, Island of Saints,' and it is said to have been so called from the innumerable hives of saints at home, arid the swarms' of them sent abroad into the world.' Rev. Dr. King may renresent Trinity Col lege, Dublin', as Irs 'Primer of the Church History of Ireland,' from which the following, extract is taken, wrs the text-book in its schools. He wr'tes: 'From the great regard' 'that was had for the honour of God, and +he arWe means emn'oyed fo* nromotihe thi know'edge and 'practice of religion, Ireland vas thought worthy of the nar^e of 'Inrula ' Sacra' ( The Sacred I-le'), or 'Insula Sanc torum' ('The Isle of Saints'). The Kterary fati'e of FYebnd in thoso times is a matter .which does not ret for its evidence on* 'any doubtful records or obscure testimonies of prejudiced writers; it 'is p circumsVnce' in- t'erwoven with the Church history of Euro-e, nnd one the truth of wlroti' is at*e«tetl bv the p~ost authentic ard trustwor+.hv hist-iriT's. of other lands. It is 'onfirj^ed by tlio evi dence -of' tlio best and most esteemed an .nalufts£ ' ? , .'TheJJearned Dr. Beeves,) jn-'the Ul tor , *'.' Jourrfcl of'Arflueo'ogy,' linvinrr ' referred to the 'title 'Tnsula Sanctorum,' thus univer sally awarded io Ireland,' adds: ' 'Certainly there never was a title more appropriate y bestowed, for whether we regard the fulness of .vie native calendar, and the vast number of primitive churches at home or ? the fre quency* of Irish foundations abroad, we can not but be struck with the strong religious character of the ancient Irish.' Rev. Dr. Spence, Protestant Dean of Gloucester, in his popular history of 'The Church of England' (London, 1897), refer ring to the av.'vnt treatise entitled 'The Tnree Orders ot irish Saints,' says: 'The picture painted in this venerable document is of course fanciful, b|t it' gives a fair though rough representation of Irish reli gion during the first 200 years of Christianity m the Island of Saints.' Furthermore, he recognises the singular . merit and - fame of Ireland's Celtic saints. Within a hundred years of the death of St. Patrick, Ireland, he writes, 'became the home of I famous schools, to which not only the inhabitants of Britain, that remote island of the Western Seas, reported, but it positively became the educational home of crowds of eager students of various ranks from all parts of cultured Western Europe.' We may go back, however, 200 years, io interrogate the great writers of the (seven teenth century, which 'was 'the golden ,-ge of Celtic hagiology. What was their verdict regarding Ireland's claims to be the Island of Saints? With one accord they answer that her claim is is irrefragable. Whole trea tises, in fact,' Were written by Ward and Colgan, by Stephen White and Archdeacon Lynch, and others, to place that claim be yond the reach of controvei-sy. It may suffice to cite the words of Ward, who in his 'Life of St. Rumold,' names several writers who assign that title to Ireland, -and (page 181) writes : ' Neque sane apud nos trates quicquam vulgurius aut crebrius est, quum hanc insulam eo nomine lingua vernucula 'Inis na naomh,' id est, Insula Sanctorum uppel litare. 1(1 mille libri Manu script!, historiiie, et poemaia pass. m ostendunt.' ' Nothing has been more common or more frequent among our countrymen than in the native language to de Biguaie this island ' lms na naomh' that is. 'Die Maud of Saints. This may ue seen at e'very page in a thousand Manuscripts, Histories, and Poems.' Colgan introduces 'Insula Sanctorum' in to the title-page of his invaluable work, the 'Acta Sanctorum Hiberniae,' and in the work itself more than once repeats that in the early days of Ireland's Christianity such was the number of her saints that every where she was known as the Island of Saints. In the year 1600 the illustrious Peter Lom bard, Archbishop of Armagh, presented to the reigning Pontiff, Clement VIII., his out lines of Irish history, entitled 'Commenta- rius de Regno Hiberniae Sanctorum Insula.' Thus the very title of his book adjudged to his native land the aureola of 'Island of Saints.' In the 15th chapter, he' at some length set forth the reasons for which this title was assigned to Erin. 'Ireland,' he says, 'in. the. days of St. Patrick, and for some following centuries:,' : was so renowned for the spiritual gifts which abounded there that it was commonly designated the It land of Saints, and justly so, for it was a mosb fecund mother (foecundissima) of innume rable saints, and long continued ' to be a most faithful teacher of sanctity and know ledge, especially sacred knowledge. Through the missionaries, either natives of Ireland or educated there, the Christian religion in many foreign countries was either preached for the first time, or was confirmed and pro pagated; very many monasteries were .erected or restored to strict discipline, and the fii'st foundations were laid of the * principal Uni versities of Europe.' Pope Clement VIII., in a Pontifical Brief addressed to the Irish chieftains, as..ignsthis title to Ireland; and his successor, Pope Paul V., repeats it in another Brief to .the Irish people. He writes : — ? 'Deo Potri misrriobrdiarum pratias animus qui consolatur nos vestra ndmivabili con staiitia, quae cum suimua ve*t i pominis lnude cele I ratur ab omnii us in Kcclesiu. . . Vos elegit P'oininus in 'lovissinii1* atque cnlamitos's hisue temyioribus exeniphim (^?ioutis jam ab initio Kculesine siiae renoveratis. . . Glori fimini Majorea vestros tanta in Drum , pietate fuisse lit Hibtrnia merutrit, hac de causa, appellari Sanctorum Insula : itfitur exhibele vos dignam eorum progenitm.' ?? We tr'ive thanks to the Father of Mercies who cot - so os us hy your constancy, which to the great eulogy ot your country is commemo rated throughout the whole Church. . . The Lord has chosen you in these latter most calnmitonri timva that you would recall the heroism of the early ages of His Church. . . It is your proud boast that your fore fat hers l-y their devotion to the cause of OoH, meriteii for Ireland ihe title Island of Saints : it is m»ec you would prove yourselves worthy cj such ancestry.' Pope Urban VIII., in 1642, and again m , 1644, addressing th'e Irish Confederates, gives once more to Ireland the ti.le 'Insula Sanctorum'; and Ciement IX., in- 1667, de clares that Ireland was 're et nomine quon \- dam floridis ima Sanctorum Insula' — thjat is; she was 'in nan:.e and in fact in former days a most flour'slrng Island of Saint...' Rev. Thomas Mess:righam, Superior of th« Irish College in Paris, pub'ished in Paris in ' '624 a collect'on of lives of Iri. h saints. F'i gave his work the title, 'Florilegium Insula Sanctorum,' so universal in those days ,at home and abro.id was the award to Ireland of that di?itinctive tible. About the same 1in;e the Icvmed 7Ceatir.;j; ws p-i«aged in ths fastnesses of ihe glen of * Aherlow, completing, in his native tongue, \--'-o ''Hiit'cy of ihe Kingdom of Iro'and.' Th*'s workismainly concerned with the (eni lar events of Irish history, but incidentally reference is made to the honourable title awarded by foreign nations to Ireland. Dr. Keatiug had referred to the words of eulogy on St. Patrick.', pronounced by Here of Auxerre, antj'-.thus continues: — 'The same writer observes further, upon this subject, that by the order and prudent management of St. Patrick, there was not the least part of the whole kingdom that did not abound with religious persons. of exem plary piety, whose devotion and holy lives wei's admired and held in -reverence among the neighbouring nat ons, who usually dis tinguished the country of Ireland by the name of the Island of Saints.' Surius describes Ireland as 'fertilis Sanc torum Insula, et ?stellarum numerum prope aequans patroniif aancti/'um' C'a. -fertile Island of Saints/ 'and rivalling tlia number of the stars in its patron saints'). Verrulaeus, professor in Louvain, publish ed in 1639 a work entitled 'De p%opagatione Fidei in Belgip per Sanctos ex Hibdrnia vires,' in which,; after enumerating several Irish missioniries and martyrs, he thus beau tifully sets forth Ireland's merits in regard to Belgium::— 'Hos adhuc martyres.',suos Belgium colit. templis.c't. uris honorar.. I'atronos agifo-cit, atque idcirco gentem Hihir norum, cum apud nos turn alihi hoe tempore exulem, complecti onini benevolentia juvnreque per e«t, nimiruin ne ilia ? apud nos iriopiani patiatur quos opibus coi-l-'st- busdila^it. lJlus'- iniin illis di-bemuB pev quoS salutis ac ternae viam accepimus, quain uh a quihus ut tantiun vive remus habemus. Agnoscant ergo Belg'ae nostri Hilier nornm in «e nitrita. qnoium opera aut religionem aeceper unt aut quasdam an hue iv manpntes ex antiqun snper stitione tenehras dcpulerunt. Plures scio ab ilia Sancto um Insula prodiisse / std liene merer; de o' lie toto ' ron de lielgio eantum ' volu'-ru- t. I-oquentur eorum nierita nationee aliae. Fateri autem cogo'r et impollit nie verUas gentem' nullani aliam tanto pere in aliorum saluiem in cubuisse, utinani et hoc votum supreimim sit. cum alii omnes turn nos Belgae tuntuni acceptae Heligionis beneflcium agnoscainua.' .hiV) jugo Tyrannidis ingemisdit hodie gens Hibernicn, et tamen constarii.issimis animit religionem retinet, nee ulla vis (rxtingui't, tiec frangitur egestate, nee niorte exhiiuri tur, fortios ipsa tyranide.' 'Belgium still venerates those her Martyrs, honow's them with churches and altars, salutes them as h'-r Patrons, and therefore it hh hoves her to extend benevo lence and aid to the Iri-h race, now exiles amongst us as elsewhere, lest those would pine in want who enricned us with heavenly w ealth. For we owe a greater debt to them who have opened to us the paths of salvation than to thos.- who. have bestowed o'i us mat' rial, .blessing . Let our HeliriansSjthereforp, ac knowledge tn# merit of Ire land's sons in our regard, for through them either n-ligio l was received or the remnant darkness of superstition was dispelled. I know Well that multitudes of missionarie-t went forth from that Islanl of Saiats not to Belgium alone, but to all Christendom. Other nations will proclaim their indebtedness, 1 mujit confess, and 1 am compelle I by t ruth to make the acknow 1 dgement ti at no otn r na tion so sacrificed itself for others. Wonlii to Go.i thar. Belgians and all others woul 1 recognise the lienelits of Re ligion which th y received, 'i'o-day the Irish raue is under the yoke ot tyranny, but, nevertheless, they cling im movaftly to religion, nu force can overcome them, . nor poverty or death suhduu them, being stronger than tryanny itself.' : The Pro te|. bant- Primate Usher, writing in 1627, refers. ;'i;o,.:th8. innumerable host (innu merabilis caterva)- Qf-^t-he saints of Ireland, and he adds :— . ;-yfji 'Haec p'atria ' tUcebatur' hactenus on Sanctorum ., qui in i-a ??' vixeruiit,'. miiltitu riinem, Intula Sanetoruin.' -'This country on account of thi; multitude of saiiu* who dwi It in it has hitherto lem styled 'ihe Island of Saints.' Camden, who jWas no less host;1'? than Uiher to li band's Catholicity, felt, ii.ever theless, constrained to admit her claim to this distinctive aureola. He writes : — ' Patricii discipuli tantps'; progressus in re-lChri.sti'atia terefunt ut suliseqehti aptate Hibernae -Sanctorum pitiia' diceretur, . et ticoticis in Hi i ernia,-et Brilanniamoiittchis niiiil sanctius, nihil emditiuj tuerit, et iu utuvirsam n,ui'ur. pain SanctisBiinorum virorum examina einiberiut.' ' ,.'} .... ? : ' St. Patrick's diseip1'54 made such, progress '' (Jnristian piety thac in t'u fol.u -ing age Ireland wit:ip u ulud 'ch- nation of Saint0' and nothing could be mo''c holy or learned than the In-' iiiouKS in lreluhd and lintain wiici sent; forth swarms of most holy missionaries to all l-.urope.' '7are, in: vhis:, 'Irith Writers,' attests that ' 'lrelandj ff^: ages after the._ coming of St. Patrick,'' abounded with -Vf niost earned persons; and oir account- of the multitude of most holy men^r-a.* well as those resident therein — who. dep.rted to foreign countr'es to g'in souis to- Christ, was justly called tne Island W Sainis.' ]'%., ?;-'' -%'f ..'. ' ': Sucli, then, wr.s the -unanimous testimony of the historical writers of the seventeen ch century. We may go back further, -however, another period Mf 600 years, to le.-rn the same record regarding tha more ancient wri \ .6 of Irish history. Thellrsh chronic er Marianus (whose de:i'th is' recorded in 1682,), by his learned 'Chronicon,' led the way on the Continent in that important, br. njh of history. 'He lived as a 'recluse -for many years, and wrote his ' fairovs chronicle ft Ratisbon in Ger-nany., Under the year A.D. 674 he gives' the following, entry reg; rding Irel^nd'a fame for -sanctity;:— V; '?Hibernian 'Insula Xjviil;- ? ' ;lreiand the; Island .of torum.' sanotis mirabili ;in ^Saints' wit's to a su lime de p rp.urimia BUblimiter plena , gree full, of innumerable liabetur. ? ; . '. ;'r great SninU' ? The English chronicler. Florence; of Wor cester, who died in 1118, under' the yerr 580 thus records the advent of St. ColuTr.bmus to France: 'Sanctus Pater Colun:ba.'us ex Hibarnia, Insula Sanctorum, cum Suict') Galio aliit:qne probatis di.scipurs vanit in Biirgimd:aii' ('The holy Father Cohrnb. - nus, from Ire'and, -the Island of S?..'n's. cmiie to Burgundy, together with Saint Gailus and other virtuous disciples'). ; The .famous .J3'''-k of Leinste'1 preserves an interes ing chronological poem in tha Irsh language on ~ ihe succession of the Irish monarchs from the dnys of St. Patrick' to the coming of the Ai:glo-Norm.ns. It records Tre'and'^ r1;sJ ino^i^ e rure)la, wiiils'-, it anos t.ophise« Erin as 'E re og, inis na naomb' — i.e.; 'V''pm -Erin, Isln-d of Saints.' This r?oal^s' another title' of Ireland in use by some of the old Irish' poets. Whilst apos ? tr6phi;.ing their native land 'they salute her as | -The island of the Angels.' This desig nation was, probably derived from St. Oolum bd's poem on his loved monastery of Derry. Tha name Derr;y- -in Irish, Dbire — indicaces the oak forest in which the monastery was situated. St. Columba, from his is.ancl home in Iona, in a poem of the oldest Irish d alest, sats forth in praise of its sanctity that the angels keeping guard there were countlees as the leaves of its oak forest :'? 'Were all 'the tribute of Scotia mine, From its midland to its burclars, I would give all for one. .little eel In. my beaut fui Derry. For ito peace and for its purity, For the white angels that go In crowds from one end to the other, I love my beautiful Perry! For its quietness arid is purity, For heaven's angeis thac come iand go -?Tndec. every \e\i of the oaks, h., love my beautiful Derry.' The English \$Hter' Jocelyn, a religious of the grr-it Cistercian ? nlonastery ' of Furness, who compiled .h's 'Lifd of St. Patrick' be fore the year 1185, and who, as he attests, wa«- aided in his work by Archbishop Thomas O'Conor, of Armagh, and by Malachy the Second, Bishop of Down, in chapter 152 re capi iulates 'the results of St. Patrick's apos Loiate. and thus continues: — ' Infra breve temporis gpntiuin. nulla eremus, nulius pene terrae nngulus ant locus in instilu tnm reinotus, qiii perfectis nioiiachis nut moni alibus non repld-etui1, ita uf. Uibernia spiciali nomine 'Insula Sauctonim' ubiqiie terraruni jure nominaretur. Vivebancenim sccunuum re gulani a Sancto Pntricio illis praeflxani iiiundi coritemi tu, coelestiuni appetitu. smcta mortifleationu carnis, ao ab dicatione volurtatis propria ?, pares Aegyptiis nionaehis ?merito atrque numcro ita ut exteras atque lon^inijuas re giones, iJlustrareiiD veiUo ao religiouis exemplo.' ' Within a. short interval of timu, no desert, almost no place or spot of land was so out of the way. as not to he filled with 'perfi ut monks or nuns, so much so that throughout all countries Ire land was justly designated ?the Island of Saints.' They conformed their life to the Hul'; assigned to them l-.v St. Patrick, hy cutriiipb of the worlii, the i.e.-'ir for heavenly things, the holy mortification of the flesh, and the rcnounc intr of self-w II. eqiuilling the Kgyptian monks in m rit as in numb' r, so much so that they adorned foreign and dn tant regions by their preach ing and example of holy life.' In the ancient ''Life of St. Abbari' (ap. Ward, page 181, Louvain.. 1662), among the praises of Ireland are mentioned its health ful climate and iis fertility of soil, and it is added: ''The inhabitant of this island, from their fiivt conversion, have been constant in the Faith, and fervent in ardent devotion to the. Church of. God, and ispecially to the Roman See, and they give proof of hospi tality beyond all obhar nations. In this island many were so remarkable for heroic s?.ncbity that it was appropriately styled the Island of Saints.' No less emnhatic is the pronouncement of the biogranlier of St. iyilbhe of Emly: 'Great is that island, and it h a land of saints (terra sanctorum), for none but God alone can estimate the number of saints who are interred in ft.' In the ancient 'Life of St. Wiro' it is said of Ire'and that 'Fertil's. sanctorum virorum Insula, et stellrrum nuirerum prope aequans patrociniis n nctorum virorum pro dux t S. Wironem' ('Tha fertile Island of Saintly Men, almost equalling the number of flie stars in its natron 'saints, ? gave birth to St. Wiro'). ' :?'?-?.? '??'?-? So also in the 'Life of StT Kilian,' the Apos'le and Patron of Franconia, Ireland is sty'ed 'foecunda. quidem glebii, sed vir's EanctLsimis clr.rior'— -i.e., famed for tha fer tility of its soil, still more famous for the number of its saints. And the 'Life of St. Disbod' is ushered in with a similar remark that he was a native of '?? Ireland: 'Insula sanoti;! viris p'lera' ('an Isinnd full of S~i^s'). : :? ' , _ '?? May we not conclude fro:ri .?11 this that, as a: fact of history. Ireland's cbiTi to the dis tinctive tife. of the 'Island of Saint^' is un .qucs iiriab'e, and that Gera'd GriTin's de scr'ptnn of the Irish Church in those early day's w.'s fully ir stifled : — J ' 'Twas the garden of Christendom,^ tended with cr.re, Everv flow 'ret of Eden grew peacefully there; When the fire of the spoiler in Lo'mb-rdy bb:^l. ~ -? , .And I.lio Mos'emii shout in the dcserS wns r i-9d, j^nd bijrb o'ar the wreck of a fear- stricken w or'd Tlie sS'iuWd of he'l to the winds was un . -furled— Fai:li. bleeding, retired1 to the Land of the Wsst. And with Science, her handmaid, sought sb°!i.ei\ and rerb. ' With h Iwarm burst of welcome that sheltar w.s-iri'en — t ? ' Her brcii -i opened w ido to the envoy of h?av .-.-.. In Hie screen of hcrVbowers w-s tho -bvn '-rej' roncsi'ed '* Ti'I 'ti' ??»#mtm'.r- vore hushed Vnd her h b'-ri^i's wei-e lit- ili»d. ' Then the Church of the Isles saw her glorie3 arise, : Columba tha Love-like and Carthage the Wise; And the school and the temple gave light to eacn shore, iProm clifted iona to wooded Lismore.' II. The limi'.s assigned to this paper will not allow more than a. br.ef outline of the motives by which the nations of Christendom were guided in awarding to Ireland the peeriesu aureola of 'Island of Saints.' I will en deavour to group thesa motives under twelve heads, each having some distinctive merit of its own, arid my wish would be that they might serve as twelve Australian gems to add some little lustre to Ireland's brilliant and imperishable crown. 1\. And first of all I would place the vast number of Ireland's ear'y saints. St. Pat rick's eminent sanctity is recognised, not only by the Ceitic writers, but by all the Con tinental hagiologists, and it became his pri vilege to vat the impress of his own sanc tity on the Irish race, whom he evangelised. Aengus, in his metrical 'Martyrology,' com memorates St. Patrick in glory 'with the troops of the noble saints of Erin' around h.m, and Coiumba 'with the hosts of saints from Alba,' and Brigid 'with the vast troop of the virgins of Erin.' A vary ancient record is preserved, dating from about- the year 670, which distributed into 'three orders' the great saints who nourished in Ireland from' the. time of St. Patrck to the year 664. 'The First Order of Saints,' it snys, 'was in the time of St.. Patrick ; and then they were all Bishops famous and holy, full of the Holy Ghost, 3o\J m number, founder.* of churches. Al! these em\y Bishops,' it adds, ''were of various racer, — Romans, Franks, Britons, and Irish. They laid the solid foundation of the Church in Ireland, and their per od terminated fifty years after Sb. Patrick's death; that is, ' in A.D. 543.' In the Second Order of Saints there were few Bishops and many., priests, 3i'-- in number.' This order continued dur iug four reigns, from 543 to . 599. 'The Third Order consisted of holy priests and & few Bishops, luu in numbar, who dwelt in de..ert places and lived on herbs and water and the alms of the faithful, and had no pro perty of their own. . . . They continued un?il the great plague, A.D. 664.' Of these three clashes of saints, the ancient MS. re marks: 'The first Order was most holy, the1 second Order was very holy, the third holy. The first was like the blnzing sun, the second like the moon, the third like the stars.' In an ancient 'Life of St. Patrick' he is said to have consecrated 300 Bishops, found ed 700 churches, and ordained 5000 priests; and in the Life of one of St. Patrick's dis ciples, St. Mochta, patron of Louth, it is recorded that in h:s monastic community there were no fewer than '100 Bishops, 300 priests, .?nd 80 Psalm-singing noble youths.' To understand how it was that so many of the Irish race thus devoted themselves to the paths of piety w'a must bear in mind that a disciplinary rule was enacted by St. Pat rick, to the effect that the first-born of every fa^riiy should be offered to God. In the Dru ''dhal system, the eldest son in -each chief tain's house became a Druid priest. St. P.t rick extended this law so that in every fam ily, rich or poor, chieftain or plebeian, the first ch'ld was dedicated to God ; and. fur ther, the Brehon Code decreed that 'if in a faijiily there were eleven or more children, of whom no 'ess than ten were sons, the Church was entitled to demand -another son.' The spscial sanctity, however, to which the ancient record of the 'Three Orders of saints'' refers, would seem to have been only a preparation and prelude for the high-tide of holiness which soon flooded the valleys and the hil's of Ireland. The learned chron iolar Marianus. as we have ah'e.idy seen, regis ters under the date 674 the fact that 'Ire- land, the island of saints, was, to a sublima degree, full of innumerable great saints.' St. Aldhelm. who flourished in England at xhe close of the 7th and the beginning of Mie 8'h century, attests that Ireland at that U'^e rivnllad the stars of the firmament in the number and brightness of its saints.'. Tn the 'Life of St.Mochua,' who :s styled 'Abb's sancti.simns et loncjaevus' (he lived 'ii- his 90th year), lie is s.-id to have been the {'under of 120 sanctuaries of piety, besides 30 churches in Ireland and Scotlmd. So, siV.. St. Goban, in Ossory. had 1000 ironks r«cler his charge; St. Ruadhan, 150; St. Fe cV-'i of a.1 ore, 300. T'^e communities °f hoty nuns were not le. s iij -erous. St.' Ita. patroness of Minister, i,«ri --o.~e tltous-nd*! :n her various monrvs .?.'„..?,.«,. .,n(] j.Oi oic-o, St. LiiuTh.in of Os^'iry. Sf.. Moc'wenna of Tuam, St. Snmthan. St. Goli r~t. and a who'e host of other '?rent fenmlu .lints led each a v.'SL. number of holy women n +he ivths of i-erfect:o'. 1.,-,-V ,M.:«i.i~ :n *'-n 7t-- .(???????-. :- v-- ?'Life of St. Columbanj' affirms that Irelandj 'nourishing in the vigour of Christian doc tr.na, excels in piety all the neighbouring nations.' The ancient 'Life of St. itumold,' in its description of Ireland, says that, 'as it surpasses all other countries in the fertility of its soi., so u it more biessed in the glori ous perfection of its saints.' So, also, St. Bernard, in his discourse oil Malachy, speaks of tne saint's cherished home at Bangbr, as 'a hoiy place, uuitful of saints,' sand he adds that the missionaries trained there over spread Ireland and Scotland, and poured over tha continent like a flood. St. Aengus, who flourished about the year 800, is perhaps the most weighty of the an cient authorities in regard to the early saints of Erin. He composed a metrical Martyr ology in the native languaga, a most remark ab.e work for that age. He also compiled a series of lists of the various classes of Irish saints. Suffice it to say that he enumerates 350 Irish Bishops, 320 priests, and 80 bea cons, all of whom had wide-spraad fame for sanctity. His famous Litany is probably unique in Christian literature. He invokes, in various grouiis, the patronage* of Irish saints, whose names are known to God alone. For instance, in the Book of Leinster, the Litany begins with the invocation: 'Tha ±/ holy B shops and 700 favoured servants of God who rest in Cork with Finnbar and Ne3 tan, whose names are written in the heavens; all thesa I invoke unto my aid1 through Jesus Christ.' ? . - : The countless saints; of Lough Irchi, in the territory of Muskerry, are invoked, and a special strophe commends: ? ?'??.?'.'-''': ??'?:?,. 'The protection of Lough Irchi, . '?'!:?;,. In wh.ch is a sweet-toned belli' ;;v *''_ Numerous as ar-a the leaves upon' ti'efes,' ° : Are the. saints who around it dwell.' '\ Two thousand nine hundred and ten ^priests are invoked at Clonmore with St. Moedhog, the patron of Ferns. No fewer than 33U0 sairi;s are invoked who rest at Mayo, under the holy Bishop Gerald. Fifty of these were from Leyney, in Connaught, and, as the Book of Bal ymote attests, 100 of them ware Saxons who had come to satiate their piety at the sanctuaries of the West. So, also, are invoked 'the 400 monks, en dued with God's grace,' who were under the rule of St. Comgail, at Bangor : the ''thrice 50 rule observant ecclesiastics, every one of them a Gaedhil, who went together on pil grimage under St. Alban' ; end the 3000 holy man who assembled in Munster,.' under Bishop Ibar, 'to whom the angels of God made known the great feast which' Stl Bri gid had prepared for Jesus in her heart.' The Litany further enumerates no fewer than 155 churches or sanctuaries in Ireland, each one of which had its own patron group . of seven holy Bishops: and St. Aengus -brings . his wonderful Litany to a close with an invo cation of the holy men who rendered Leighlin famous by th air sanctity; 'The 300 true Re ligious who settled in La'gh'iri, and the 1200 who sang the pra'ses of God' under Molaisse, the two Ernas, °nd the holy martyr- Bishops of Leighlin,; all these I invoke unto my aid, through Jesus Christ. i Amen.' ? From all this we may as. urcdly conclude that, truly marvallous was the number of those who, in the early ages of Ireland's faith, attained the heroism of sanctity. 2\. The Sanctuaries of Pieisy. — Among the Hoire A1SS. \va' ore erved a descriptive list of the aiicreub Irish mon.-s'.er es (see O'Conor 'Perum Hib.' Proleg.' part EL, page '93), ' which assigns to eicli a characteristic epi thet: 'The head of Ireland, Armagh :' the nrts of Ireland. CIon™icn')is; the ha'poiness of Ireland, Kildare ; the learning of Ireland, Bangor; the historian of Ireland, Emly';. the joy of Ireland. Kells; the eye of Ireland, Lismore; the litanies of Ir aland. Tallaght; ? the ancient language of Ire'and, Cork; the. ceiretery of Ireland, Glendalough.' : These, however, are only a few of ths many centres of piety -nd enrghteniren'fi 't froii . which radiated the blessings of Chri-tnn , civi lisation throughout the length and breadth of the lind. Two universities and a dozen high schools were, for centuries, cons'dered sufficient for' England, with her pifniiaiion of 20 n-ill:ons. At least ]00 such ins'M'tutio'|\s. of learning were reckoned throughout Trala'd in thoce e-rly dTys, when her ponulation w°s probably far le~s than one mi'lion. A few only of these sanctuaries of relig'on and knowledge, which, for convenience s'ke, we mrfe ironasteries, c*n here be referred to. ' Armagh is the immediate neighbourhood of Emanin. famed for i+s royal i-esiclenoa, . °ncl for the chiva'ry of the 'Red-branr-h ' Knights, ws chosen by S^. Patrick to be t'^e Sea of his'Priivatial quthortiv. A'vst niim- ' bf-r of students soon floHcrd to ''?he crvoi(; whoo1 of 'en ruing erect ad them. S^./Bpu''- nus. the beloved and loving disril'nle of St. PaLi; 'k.'-w's i;l'ced 'n clnrce. Tt is s'vlcd liv S+uirt 'one of the lr^st cilp^rated srn' ivT'-s of literature in Eit re.' As 'a e ?'???' IS 'l 'ertr - rrV-! '? ^''? ? King of Ireland, enlarged the stipend of the ch.ef professor of Armagh, by the yearly do ? nation of ten- oxen, with the proviso that 'ths school of Armagh should b© kept open for all students who would come to Armagh, as' weil from every part of Ireland, as from Scotland.' Such was the concourse of pil grim students from England at one time, tliat a whole quarter of the town called for that reason 'Trian-Saxon' ('the English-' quarter') was. set aside for their abode. Armagh is Said to have had no fewer than 7000 students. .Bangor, founded by St. Comgail, was beau tifully situated on the southern shore of Bel fast Lough, commanding a fine view of Car-, r.ckfergus, on the opposite shore of th-a Bay. ? St. Bernard writes that 'this noble institu tion was the. head of many monasteries, and inhabited by many thousands of monks.' Jocelyn, the Cistercian of Furness, in his 'Life of St. Patrick,' declares that 'Ban- gor was a fruitful vina breathing the odour of salvation, and that its offshoots extended not only all over Ireland, but far beyond the «eas into foreiga countries, and filled many lands with its abounding truitfulness.' St. Luau; one of Comgall's disciples at Bangor, is said to have been the founder of -a hundred monasteries.. During the incursions of the wanes,' 900 Religioiw of Bangor were added to the white-robed army of the martyrs of Christ: Clonard, in Meath, honoured St. Finnian as its founder. St. Aileran, surnamed the Wise,;:, and countless other saints came forth from, this great sanctuary of piety, which reckoned its 3000 s-udents. It was spec:al!y Honoured ''-as being the chosen abode of 'the 12 Apostles of Erin.' These were, besides St.. Finnian, St.'-'Kieran of Saigker, St. Cia ran of Clonmacnois'e, St. Brendan of Clon 'fei:t',' St. Brendan of Birr, St. Columba of Teh-yglass, St. Molaise ~f- Davenish Island, St:-.Canice of Aghaboe, St. Ruadan of Lorrha, SfcMobius of Glasnevin, St. S'nell of Ciion ini,s,.and St. Nennedah of Inis-mac-Saint. All ? these holy men were themselves founders of many great monasteries. ^ Cloneagh, near Mountrath, in the diocese ^ of Ki'dare, was founded by St. Finian. It % has been remarked, that 'although in many places in those days oi holiness there was strict rule, and poor fara, and rigid life, yet Finian of Clonenagh seems to have been the strictest, and poorest, and most rigid of them all.' It was at the prayer of St. Canice, pat ron of Kilkenny, that Fintan at length re laxed the, extreme severity of his discipline. Dr. Healy' writes: 'It sner»ks well for the love ofV..holy penance shown by these young Christians; of Ire'and, that in spite of its severe- discipline this monastery was crowded with holy inmates from all parts of the coun try, and amongst the rest came St. Comgail, from his far-off Dalaradian home, to become a disciple ' of this school of labour and pen ance.' Kildare was famed as St. Brigid's monas tery. In that sanctuary were gathered a countless array of the Virg'n Saints of Erin. The fira, that was kept burning there was symbol of the unquenchable flame of Divine. Love that inspired the holy inmates. '.St. Brig'd, in those early d. ys, was the special -natron ess of Ecclesiastical students, and in her Iri h Life it :s said the Lord gives to those ''Soils of Reading,' through- Brigid's prayer, every perfect blessing that they ask. The Aran Islands, off the Galway coast, were' chosen by St. Edna 's a blessed retraat of prayer tand solitude. These islands were a royal1 gift lroni the saint's brotlier-in-law, Aengus, * King of Munster. Aron^Mor, the largest island of the group, was popularly known vns 'Aran-m-naomh,' 'Aran' of tha Saints,' as being a chesen home for- the Saints of God. In an ane'ent record it is stated that 127 saints sleep in the little graveyard ? round Tvilleany Church, and it is added tha,t it wrl never be known until the D',y of .judgment, 'the countless hosts of si:nts whose relics are mingled with the snared soil of Aran.' Clomuacnoi e, the great monastery of St. Ciaran. w-s spread over the green meadows on the eastern bmks of the Shannon. This queenly city 'was the nursing mother of nur-S°i'its. 'nd the teacher of our highest leirninp for a long 600 yenrs. The most an ien.T a'ncl the iro'taccuyte of; the Annals of -Erin were written in her h^lls; the most, lea rued' i Doc -or of the Scots' lectured in bar classrooms; the sweetest of our old faedhlisV *poetrs were composed by her pro (?-*- sors :„ the noblest youth of .France and Eng'and crowded her h^l's, and. bore the re nown of her hol'n'ass and learning- to foreign lauds.' ' ' . ,?:. V Glendalough, L:smore, Emly, and Clonfert would merit sreciil mention, E must confine )-i\vself, however, to St. Coliunba's mona. tery 'of 1I)urrowN. which takes its: name from ?^lie o'lk-orove 'in' \\\hich it was ' erected. Tliorsuids of lerve'nt sou's here, as wrll ? as \- 1 Derry. placed themselves under --'the guid loved monastery, appointed one of its Religi ous, named Cormack, as its head. An ancient ] poem assigned to St. Columba, describes the' .charm of Durrow: 'The wind sings through the elms as well as through the oaks; tho blackbird's joyous note is heard at early dawn ; and the cuckoo chants from tree to tree- in that noble, angeiic land'; and then ' the' newly-appointed Abbot is apostrophised. ?;-, !'O, Cormac, beautiful is that church of ; . thine, /'With its books, with its learning; . A city devout with its hundred cnr.ses, . Without blemish and without transgression.' ~ ; 3. The Remarkable Concourse of Foreign Pilgrims to Ireland. — In some of the ex bracts ; from ancient writers already given, mentio:?. ; is made of the concourse of pilgrims from ? foreign lands to Ireland's sanctuaries and schools. Dr. Petrie bears further testimony to this singular fact: 'Of such immigra tion,' he says, 'there cannot possibly exist a doubt; for not to speak of the great number of foreigners who were disci- ' pies of St. Patrick, and of whom the names are preserved in the most ancient Lives of that Saint, nor of the evidences of the same nature so abundantly supplied in the lives' ^of many other Saints of the primitive Irish' Church, it will be sufficient to refer to that' most curious ancient document written in 799, the Litany of St. Aengus, in which are invoked such a vast number of foreign saints buried in Ireland.' (Trans, R.I.A. XX. 136.) The learned Franciscan, Colgan, referring to the ancient record of the -early Irish Cliurch, thus mentioned by Petrie, writes : 'We have here some .foundation for that great opinion which the Romans, and other European nations, formerly entertained of * the sanctity and learning of this sacred is land. For, in those golden days, when tlje Faith was first disseminated in our country, ' and during some centuries following, it was ' looked upon as not alone a training in3titiir ? ration for the conversion of. nations; but also' P$as a second Thabaid for cherishing the exer- ' \- 'ci^es of ascetic life, and a general school ycjjjf/ithe west;., for cultivating the study of ph{ s^^sophy and- the Sacred Scriptures; so that rSsr scarce know whether it has attained ?jio ^greater glory for having produced and sent forth Doctors and Apostles, almost without number, or from the fact that from the con- ? tinned arrival, settlement, and sepulture in our land, of Italians, Gauls, Germans, Brit ons, Picts, Saxons, or Angles, and persons of other nations, who flocked hither desirous of strict discipline and learning, the Island . might justly be called a general institute of polite literature for Europe, and a general retreat for the followers of an ascetic' iife.' '.'? (Acta S.S., p: 539.) In so far as England was concerned, the ' Protestant Bishop Wordsworth, in .his 'Oc- ? casional Sermons,' adds his testimony re garding the attractiveness and beneficent iix- ' fluence of Ireland's sanctity: 'More than a thousand years ago,' he says, 'the Church ?' of Ireland was the burning and shining light of the Western World. Her candlestick was seen from afar, diffusing its rays like the luminous beacon of some lofby lighthouse, planned on a rock amid the foaming surge of the ocean, and casting its light over the land. We must not endeavour to conceal our obligations to her. We must not be ashamed to confess that with regard to learning, and ? especially with regard to easre.d.. learning, Ireland was in advance of England at that .time. The sons of our nobles and gentry were sent for education thither. Ireland was the University of ' the : West. She was rich in libraries, colleges, and schools. She was famous, as now, for hospitality. She received those wlio came to her with affectionate gene rosity, i?nd provided them with hooks and instructors. She trained them in sound learning, especially in the Word of God.' The fa'ct thus commemorated is attested . by the ancient writers, Veneiable Bede and St. Andelm. The former in his 'Historia Ecclesiastic^,' after refening to the tei rible plagiie ' that swept over Ireland in the latter half of the 7th century, w rites : 'Evant ibidem eo-tempove miilbi no'iilium simul etnwdio crium de g-onte Anirloi uni. qui tempore Finani et Oolmim Kpiacorporum. relicta msula patria, vel riivanic lectiom*., vel continents vitie gntia illo secesserant. Et q lidain quidem mox se nimi asticae conversation! fldeliter mancipaverunt, alii mitris cir rueii'lo per cellas mx?istro ruti, lecfcioni opwam flare gauiebant : n,ii°s ' oinnqs ; Sootti llhentiss:nn snsci pientes, victim eis cntidianum sine pratio, libros qnoiu' a'i legendum. et nm-ristenmn frratuituin praebere cma bant.' ' There were in :Ir'laiK' a.1; that time nniiv of the Eth- hnir* (th» no'-ilitv . is we I a*, of th'! middle class of the Knvr lisli rx°-e who, whilst Firinn ami Oolmin ' were Bishops qinf-intf th-ii niti\e island, hist 'ii- il tli th»i e th'r m sen eh of svrJd I arnin '. pi thiouijh th- ile-'re of leiduv a unit p*ifect life Apd some of them.in'leei. at. once feiventlv molle-1 thcinbohes in th' monibteries ; whilst otheis, pissimr around fiom tei her to toucher. de\ oti rl themselNes. to s-tiid\ : nil of whom the lush welcom d most cordially, unpplun r them most irratirtou-Oy wii h foo I, an i pio\ idinp them .iKo with tl-e books which Mie\ lenrred. a'ld g-iat ltoiii te i' hmg- ' Twenty-five years earlier than Bede. St: A'dhelm bore witnes- to the snme fact, but further he at^sts that the Ensrl'di youth set out for the Irish coast in fleets, so -iem- ml wns the desr-e of the Saxons of those days to be enriched at the lioieyeJ stores of Ireland's sincbity and learning:— 'Cur innnn-n Ilineima, 'Win should Jielaiidbn nin r-irervit.nr Mimic I'- tMi. »\tolled l.vnn iiwompii t-or- clas.il.us ftdvcc-i com able injili-'P crowds o lilunt. inMYivuli .inoiUm pn- PjUi-.N bemuf rained vflejjio oHerntur ? ' th.th' ? n il et Maiiy'rQf 'the English pilgrims resorted -'to Armagh, many also made Mayo, in the West 'of Ireland, their home. So many from the sistef' island were enrolled in this latter mon astery that it became known as Mayo of the Saxons. Pilgrims from the Continent came in vast numbers to Bangor, C'onmacnoise, and Leigh lin. In the 'L fe of St.N Finnbar,' men tion is made of a whole fleet of religious men coming from Italy to put themselves under the direction of the great Saint in his famous schools at Gougane-Barra and Cork. Some ancient records make mention of Religious vis tors from Egypt, who- came, to pursue the paths of perfection in Ireland. So many students flocked from all parts to Ross that it was popularly known as 'Ross of the Pilgrims.' A little later Lismore became a great centre of attraction for the Contin ental pi'grims, but, indeed, what the Italian author Moronus writes of Lismore, in his metrical 'Life of S't. Cathaldus,' may be regarded as applicable to all the great mon , as.beries of Erin at this period: — 'The Sicambri came from the marshy ? Rhine; The Bohemians desert their cold north land tide; Forth from, Geneva's frowning cl'ffs they throng; Helvetia's youths by rapid Rhone and Saone . Are few ; Hibernia is now their home. All these from many lands, by many diverse paths, Rivals in pious zeal, seek Lismore's famous seat.' ? 4.- Irish Missionaries in Scotland.— The first great Irish enterprise for the conversion of nations, was devised by St. Columba, whose memory has ever been held in special affec tion' and veneration by the whole Celtic race. A -synod was being held at Tailten, and the Saint,-, full of ardour for the conv.ers'on of spills; submitted to the assembled Fathers his--missionary scheme. St. Brendan gave voice to the* sentiments of all when he de clared ;that Columba was fore-ordained by God, to be a leader of peoples to life. Two races were to be evangelised : -the Picts, a. fierce people, occupying the Northern districts, and St. Columba's countrymen, who/ in the preceding ceittury, had been as sociated} with jthe Picts in their maraudinjg ex cursions into Britain, and were now settled in the Southern districts. Accompanied by 32 priests, Cohimba set out from his loved monastery of Derry in 563, being then 42 years of age. He chose the small island of lona, for his central monastic home. The names-' are preserved of 26 of his rel'gious foundations among the Picts, and of 32 among the Scots of Alba. He was summoned to his reward in 597, and for 1300 years he has ' been honoured as Scotland's Apostle. Dr. Reeves tells the results of his mission: 'The primitive history of the .Church of Scotland is essentially Irish. Situate in the West, Columba's great monastery of Iona exercised a religious influence which was felt in every quarter of Scotland. In the extreme North, the Orkneys were rendered safe to the devout pilgrim by Si. Columba; in the far South, Melrose attained its greatest cele brity under Eata, one of St. Aid.-m'.s 12 dis ciples; and in the Eastern extremity of Pict l.-md, Drostan, son of Cosgrogh, accompanied the indefatigable Columba when he founded :the churches of Aberdour and Aberlour.' Dean Spence, of Gloucester, may continue the. Narrative: — 'The small community of 12 quickly grew. The, name of Columba, al ready- famouSj his remarkable austerities and his Singular power over men, brought over mahy from Ireland who wished to share -n his life and work. The great missionary lived' alone in a rough plank hut, sleeping on a hard floor, with a stone for his p'llow, and this way of living he ne..er changed; ceaseless work ot various kinds, only inter rupted by piolonged prayer, filled his life. The nariow limits of the inland, and of tha original holy house of Iona, very goon were too 'small for 'the ever-multiplying crowd of d soiples who' flocked thither, drawn by the narrfe and gi owing influence of Columba. Into the '-neighbouring isles, through the hills and valleys inhabited by the Picts, . fresh, .'nd ever fresh, little companies ware constantly going for^h, planting new religious communi ties on the rame lines as tha mother house of lono. all under the suoreniacy of the grent m i$!onary monk, and bearing the name of the 'fan-i y of Columba.' Some traditions even attribute 300 of such foundations to him and his disciples. This number is pro bably exTggerited, but that those communi ties were veiy numerous and scattered all ovpk the country is indisputable.' The Presbyterian hstorian of St. Columba, wr'tes that the conversion of the British rice ''was an enterprise worthy of a great missionary. Even imaerination can help us but 'a little way in picturing to ourselves the Scotland of the time, and those lonely ionrneys on foot of the master and his d'r ciples , acioss its i imged mountains ..and through its dense forests and arming its l^eik bogs, and1 morasses or those still more dr.n feVffns voyages when, in frail skiffs they' lio'diy faced the seas that raged round tha Hebrides and the Orkneys. I tlrnk of thase pure missionary Celts as they were,' as prob ably n nhvical appearance not unlike the Scottish Highlanders of the present day, me» i ' . '? ? . . . . ? of comanding presence, as. we certainly know Columba and Columbjnus were. Tney come before us as men with few wants, liv ing on humblest fare, leading an outdoor life, men of powerful physique, capable of great endurance, inure'd to hardship and fati gue from 'their earliest days. We see them march 'forth from Iona in littie bands, clad in a simple white tunic, over which was the usual monastic dress of undyed wool, coarse, bub strong and good, bound round the waisi with a strong cord, and covering them from head to foot, serving them for clothes by day .and blanket by night. All their woiv'dly goods 'they carry -xiih them on their back in a waliet; over their shoulder a leathern wa ter bottia; in their hand a staff. Thus they trudge sturdily along. It was, men like that, and in a way like that,- who converged Scot land and England andr Northern Europe to Gad.' ' ??'..? 5\. Ir.'sh Missionaries in England. — A few years after St. Augustine's death in 605, al most all England relapsed into Paganism. Irish missionaries from Iona and other Celtic monasteries were the chosen instruments in the hands of the Divine Master to restore to the wjhole English race the blessings of the Catholic Faith. The Protestant Bishop, Dr. Wordsworth, does full justice 'to the claims of Iona. 'It is the duty of Englishmen,' he says, 'to remember that the Christianity of England and of Scotland was, in a great measure, reflected upon them from the West by the instrumentality of Imh micsionaries, especially of those who came from Io'ni. . . . The name of Iona has been coupled with that of Marathon by one of the most celebrated writers in a passage familiar to all; and they who are versed in the history of Christianity in their own land will gladiy and gratefully confers that the peaceful conquests achieved in our country by the sainfy armies of Iona were far more beneficent and glorious than any that were ever gained on fields like that of Marathon ; for the names of those who fought for those victories of the Gospel are inscribed, not in perishable records., but in the pages of the 'Book of Life.' . . . . Before the .middle of the 7th century, the King of Northumberland, Oswald, wlio had been educated in the Irish Church, sent to it for Christian teachers, that they mighi con vert iiis subjects from Paganism. Accord ingly, Aidan, an Irish Bishop, and other Irish miss'onaries, went forth from the school of Columba, and were settled by the King in Lindisfarne, and preached the Gospel in Northumberland, and planted the Church there. The happy effects of this mission from Iona were felt throughout England, from the river Huinber to the Thames. Churches were built, and people flocked with joy to hear the Word of God. The Heavenly Dove, the Holy Spirit of God, brooded invisibly over the heads of thousands baptised by these Irish missionaries in the Faith of Christ in our own land. Multitudes, wearied by the storm, and finding no rest for the sole of their feet on the wilderness of the waters of this life, took refuge in the ark of the Cliurch.' The first missioner sent from Iona to Northumbria, soon returned to the monastery. There was no hope, he said, of converting the Angles. 'They were a race of untamable savages; their spirit was obstinate, even bar barous.' It was than that the gentle Aid;-.n went forbh with his 12 companions. He chose the little island of Lindisfarne, a few miles off the coast at Bamsborough, for his mis s'onary centre. Continual streams of Irish missionaries came to his aid and within six teen years he saw several Kingdoms of tha Ang'es and Saxons gathered once mo-e into the saving fold. Dean Spence writes of this holy Bishop Aidan: 'He was eminently prac tical in his usual ways of working, leavr\\- nothing to chance or passing emotion. His charm of manner, his zeal and devoied piety, hi.j great learning attracted many scbo'ars and earnest and skilful missionaries, teachers and preachers from Ireland, which at that time we know was the great centre of the learning and religious enterprise of Western Europe.' . ^ Venerable Bede relates how St. Aidan, in the beginning of his missionary, career, be ing unequal to the task of praach'ng to the Angles in their own tongue, delivered his in structions in the Irish language, and King Oswald, who had passed his years of exile in Ireland,, acted as interpreter, repeating to the assembled multitude, in the'r own ton gue, the words of life spoken by the holy Bishop. Some have supposed that it w.-;s on'y the Kingdom of Northumbria that was -restored to the Christian Faith through those Celtic missionaries, but such a supposition is quite untenable. 'Dean Spence gives us the last word of modern research on this head : 'An impenetrable mist,' he says, 'hangs over tha ear'y period of the story of the Merc'an Angles, and of the East and West Saxons ; Bede, our guide, givinc us but few details of the Southern and Midland King doms. '??' But through the mist and the con fusion we see enough to assure us that all the Christianity of the Northmen, conquer ors of M:d and Southern Britain, came from Northumbrian missionary ? preachers ; that the centre of the Northumbrian religi ous life was Lindisfarne, that little rocky island off the coast between Bamsborough and the modern Berwick ; that Lindisfarns looked to Iona and its network of Irish com munities as its guide and religious centre; and that beyond Iona it looked to the nourishing Celtic Church in Ireland as its spiritual inother Church.' Another wave of Irish religious influence extended to Eng'and under Alfred the Great. The Danes being vanquished, he applied to the Irish monasteries for missionaries to re vive the religious life of his people, and as O-bern, in the 'Life of St. Dunstan,' writes: 'Numbers of these illustrious men, who were 'eminently skilled in sacred and profane learning, came into England, and chose Glastonbury for the'r place of abode.' St. i- install-- was trained in'' their school. We are to id? that the holy Scriptures and the works of the Fathers were the subjects of .his assiduous .meditation, and that he at tained considerable proficiency in the vari ous arts of music; pa nting, engraving, and working in' metas. Even at an early period, acs St. AldheliD relates, the Celtic miaiion ?ai-ies availed of sacred melody to charm the untutored Saxon mind, and Giraldus Cam brerisis, despite,. his '-enmity to everyth'ng en nobling in 'thev Celtic character, attests that ' 'in . the matter of musical instruments, the Irish race ('gens Hibernica'?) was. incom parably sk'lled beyond everyS other nation that we know of.' 6\. Irish Missions to the .Continent. — The Irish missionary influence was not confined to Scotland and England, but extended to all Northern and Midland Europe, 'and embraced the fair plains of Italy itself. . Most Of the barbarian races '.that had overrun, a great part of Europe, and trampled on the civii; sation of Imperial Rome, were sii'l pagan, or, at least very imperfectly instructed in Chris tianity; there was but little sympathy be tween the conquerors and the conquered, -~nd the old proviripjal -inhabi :ants could make but little way in' the work of evangelising the barbarians. In the latter half of the 6th cen tury a new religious life was awakened in these haif Christian, half pagan -.provinces in the heart of the old -Roman''- Empire of the West, by Irish missionaries, many of whom, under St. Columbanus, as their leader, had been trained to the Religious life in the great monastery of Bangor, in Ulster, under the 6aintly Comgall. .,' r 4; A learned article,' written many years ago for the 'Edinburgh Rev:ew,' by the Rev. Arthur West Haddan, gives a fair apprecia tion ;pf the work accomplished throxighout Eui'qpe by those Irish missionaries. The characteristic qualities of the Cel'.ic race — thsV ready talent, their depth of fee'ing, their enthusiasm — were, he writes, ennobled and quickened in those missionaries 'by a ferypiir of religious life, and by a vigour and extent of Christian learning, wh'ch made the 'Scot' of those ' days the missionary and the teacher 'par excellence' of the Northern Europe of the time. The travel ler of. the world, his travels were sanctified into pilgrimages; the great civiliser of Nor thern Europe, his colonies were mon.-steries which served at once as paramount fortress es .to . secure the ^advances of Christendom, and as the kernela'bf cities which in time con verted forests!' into gardens and fields, and tamed barbarian 'hordes into Christian peo ples.' Again, setting forth the m.e'hods by wlrch the missionary of St. Pn.trick and St. Columba. acquired paramount influence throughout ''Europe, he says: 'First by armies or monastic missionaries, and next by learn ed teachers — first by attracting pupi's to Iri h schools from all Christian Europe north of the Alps and Pyrenees, and next, by sending forth men to become the founders of schools or monasteries or, churches abroad,, they stand out 'from the 6th 'century forward, as the mo.it energot:c centres of religious life and know ledge in Europe— the main restorers of Chris tianity in paganised England ' and Rom^n Germany— the reformers and. main founder'? of monastic life in Northern France — the op ponents of. Arianism, even in Italy itself — the originators in the West of the well meant' system of the Peni^enti.'ls — the lead ing preservers, in the 8th .-nd 9th centuries, of theological and c'assic^l culture, Greek as wall as Latin — the scr'bes, both at home and abroad, of m.-ny a precious Bible text — the teachers of, .psalmody — the sehob^asters of the great nionafctic schools — the parents, in great part. «s well as the forerunners of Anglo-Saxon learning and missionary zeal — the senders forth of not the least bright staiv- among the .galaxy of talent gathered by Charlemagne from all quarters to instruct his degenerate Franks — the founders of the schoo^en — the hiv% lastly, whence, long af ter Charlemagne, Germany, and Switzerland drew a never-faPing simply of zealous' and learned monks,' driven from home, probably by Danish ravages and intestine, brawls, down to. the very time of the Norm.'nisiinj; of the Celtic Cliurch es in the entire British Isles, in the lit h; and 12th centur'es. In a word, between the 'Roman and Teuton there was. ? historically and morally, a gan, w.h'ch (as Mr Ozanam truly says), the Celtic i-aces filled, -r^nd so preserved the chain of Chris tian civilisation unbroken, not on'y by keer-- inu; decrepit Roman ?culture alive until the v:gorons -life of Teut6riic manhood was ready to rer-fiive. it, but by suoplying elements also of enthusiasm, imagination, and affectionate ness, which were needed to soften Teutonic barbarism-.' . Thus it was that 'the extreme Jivrit of the West poured back with interest +he gi^'S ^F civilisation and of the Gospel upon the --Roman Empire, to which it had stood but shoi'fc.y before a3 the very . sym bol of remotest barbarism.' The Irish (Jiiurch repaid its' founders by becoming in ks turn 'che strength and life of * Continen tal Christendom.' uv. Haddan sketches m ? some detail the extent of the Irish mission ary fie.d: 'It is recorded by chroniclers, --s one might chronicle a good harvest, that A.D. 6/4 'Ireland was fujl of sants.' St. (Joiumba, the apos le of the Albanian Scots and northern Pics; St. Aidan, the apostle of the Northumbrian Saxons ; St. Columbunus, the apostle of the Burgundians of the Vosges district of Alsace; St. Gall, the apostle of north- eastern Switzerland and Aiemannia; St. Kilian, the apostle and martyr of Thur ingio,; St. Virgil us, the apost.e of Carinthia, are the leading names among those who soug'j.|p to sow abroad the seed of a still lar ger hJtfyest of the^ike grain. These la.d the ioundation of Christian labours, which carried back the sway of*|he Gospel to the lim.ts to which tha Christianized Roman Empire had foriueriy borne it, but wh;ch had since been effaced and overpassed by heathen Teutonic conques;. Between the latter years of the Oth and the early ones of the 8th centuries, the Irish mission field stretched along the borders of the then existing Christendom, from the Orkneys to the Thames, and from the sources, of the Rhine . and the Danube downwards to the shores of the Channel, froni Seine to Scheldt; while at Bobb'o, near the Trebia, in Italy, was planted a Catholic Irish colony in the midst of Arian Lombards ; and unknown, but hot less zealous. mis sionaries, bore the Gospel northwards, over stormy and icy seas, even to the Faroe Isles andrthe shores of Iceland'. And as Christian ity pushed its frontiers forward, with the lapse of years, so did Irish zeal keep pace with the advance.' Some, with Ozanam, would find traces of Iri.Ji missionaries in Spa:n, others would bring Norway within the sphere of their influence. At all events, as Dr. Haddon concludes, 'With every al lowance. ior legend — itself no small evidence of the celebrity of that nation which it finds everywhere, and to which it .attributes every thing — enough was undoubtedly achieved by Ir'shmen for the faith and for the Christian learning of the time, during the period from the 6th to the 12th centuries, to gain them an undying fame -in the Church of Chriot.' Rev. Stephen White, S.J., replying to some of the accusations of Giraldus Cambrensis, tells of the number of Irsh missionary saints andv martyrs in those early days that he him self ' had discovered in trustworthy writings, as having laboured in. various countries of Europe. In Germany, he says, he met with 115 missionaries thus honoured as patrons, of whom 36 are martyrs. In France 45, of whom 6 are martyrs : .44 in England, of whom 13 martyrs; 13 in Italy, of whom two mar tyrs; eight went forth as missionaries to Norway and Iceland, and all were martyrs ; to Scotland 27, of whom, however, none were honoured among the martyrs. All this, he cor rectly states, is only a partial list; modern research has well-nigh doubled the number that, he assigns of Irish missionary saints.' Rev. Dr. Carew writes: 'The zeal of the ? Irish missionaries was quickly rewarded by the fame which Ireland acquired , for sanctity and learning. In the records of almost every nat'on of Europe, we find honourable men t'on of the splendid exertions of Irishmen in favour of religion and literature. With a generosity, which is attested by writers .not chargeable , with part a'ity. Ireland threw o'leh her -chools Lo the youth of foreign coun tries, and- oftentimes provided gratuitously for their support. But the zeal of Irishmen was not content with encouraging at home,' i he , cause of religion 'and of letters. In the simple, but expressive language of an ancient writer, learned and holy men issued forth in swarms from Ireland, like bees from the hive, to diffuse in distant regions those blessings, 'jn which the'r native ^and so largely par tioinated. Of the religious and . literary in stitutions erected.: -by them in other countries, vaiiy ivestiges yftt remain, and in many of the;.' nlaces which .were -once the the'tre of 't-Herr. enlightened labours., the ivemory of vthas'e ! holy men is still cherished and . re 3:jcijed'.'';' ..: :..??.' ; ^ly.hdeacon Lynch, in , the 17th century, laying .given a long list of -those missionaries, concludes: 'Ireland was,'1' therefore',- both the atlieaseum of learning, and the tamnle of holiness! supplyiiriQ: the world wiLh literati and heaven with Sainis. Truly doth she ap pear tli'e Academy of the earth and the co'ony of \ . aven.' .Professor Zimwer is quite enthusiastic in ii'S nraise of Irish missionary enterprise: 'Ireland nan lay claim.' he says, ''to a great nas^ : ehe cannot only ?' boast of. hnv'ng ' b»e*J ?Lhe MrthnJnce nnd abode of high, cultui-e in. tJifi 5th -and 6th centuries, . . . but also of having made strenuous efforls in the. 7th and up to the 10th century to spread her learning among the German and Roman people, thus forming the actual foundation of our present continehtal civilisation.' It would not be:,difficuH to multiply these refer ences to 'writers- whose test'mony. is beyond .s'Rn'cion of partiality, but I will be content Avifh citing two further witnesses. Doel'inger rnd Preen, whose na-'es shine brightly on ?the 1 istorinl roll of -.the 'a^t century. The former attests that -in the 7th century 'The Church of Ireland still in the full beauty oe its bloom,' and ndds: 'Many holy and learned Irishmen left their own country to proclaim the Faith, to establish or reform monasteries in distant lands, and thus to be come the benefactors of almost every nation in Europe.' bo, also, Mr. Green in his 'Short History of the Eng'ish People,' g.vej unstinted praise to the Irish mission aries who followed in the footsteps of St. Coiumbanus. Such, he says, was their fear iess and untiring activity, and so bright the examp.e ot their self-denia,' and devotion, that 'for a time it seemed as if the course of the world's history was to be changad, as if tLo' older Celtic race that Roman and German had swept before them, had turned to the moral conquest of their conquerors.' 7\. Irish Missionaries in France. — Towards tha end of the 6th century France had be come a bye-word throughout Europe for im morality and irreligion. The glory shed upon that favoured country by St. Hilary of Poi tiers, St. Martin of Tours, St. Germanus of Auxerre, and Si. Remigius of Rheims, would seem to have passed away for ever. Dr. Stokes writes that, it is difficult to conce've a more dark and odious state of. society than that of France under the Merovingian Kings, the descendants of Clovis, as described by Gregory of Tours. He adds: 'It was .into a country where all the bonds which bind so ceiety together were totally dissolved, St. Col umbanusi Hung himself with all the .headlong courage of his raca, to be the champion of moralo, the apostle of civilisation, the fear less soldier of the Cross of Christ. He landed in the north of France. The two languages used by him, the Celtic and the Latin, would, of course, carry him everywhere. He at once set out on a course of apostolic wanderings, which at last led him to Burgundy, at that timo ivied by Gontran, who may be deLcrib ed as ohe least immoral of che grandsons of Clov's. This king received him gladly, offer ed him riches and honours, which the mis sionary declined, and settled upon him the old Roman castle of Annegray (then in ruins), where the first Irish monastery rais ed its head.' Many disciples soon gathered around the heroic missionaries. Another monastery sprung up at Luxeuil, about eight miles from their first home, not far from the city now known as Besancon, and a third quickly followed at Fontaines, in the same dstrict. Montalembert has eloquently, and in full detail, described the marvellous in fluence which St. Columban's mission exer cised on France. We must be content with the brief, but faithful, sketch given by Dean Spence: 'The life lived by the stran ger Irish monks in their three houses, their extreme austerities, the. lofty ideal they pre sented, had, by the very sharpness, of its contrasts with the excesses and- selfindul gence of that barbarous age, a. peculiar at traction for the Frankish and Burgundian warriors who had taken possession of the Vos ges country. Disciples in great numbers, rich and poor, collected arounu the saintly Irish monk. He gradually became a power in the land, and dared publicly to rebuke the more conspicuous vices of the kings and princes; no threats affrighted him, and his fame grew with each succeed ng year. He was surrounded by companions as earnest and capable as himse'f; among them were me:i like St. Gall and St. Deicoia, whose names have gone down in history . among those who have played a distinguished part in influencing the course of events. Con tinued reinforcements from -the great Irish monasteries enabled Columban to make, fresh, and ever fresh settlements. It is indeed n wondrous story. From those rough groups of huts and poor churches erected by the friend less, homeless, landless sons of Ireland, sprang in an incredibly short space of time that mighty network of monastic establishments, owning the rule of Columban, the monk of the Irish Bangor, wh cli extended from Luxe uil to the Vosges. southward to the lake of Geneva, and the lake of Zurich ; far to the north and nor ;h- west to the shores of the EngiLh Channel and the Noath Sea, where the chain of his communities stretched from the Seine to the Scheldt. Many of the mo t famous monaster:es of ctntril and northern Europe, which phyed so great a part in me cieval history for several eventful cen turias were, founded by Colunib.ui .ml h s t\\- npanions. They were dotted over _wcs.er i Germany, Switzerland, Fiance and tha Low Countries, 'not a few of these gre t religions lrm.es where the lamp of religion and 1e. rn ing was kept brightly burning during several hundred stormy years of wars and conius o i . and trouble, were the after-fruits of the . prayers and labours of Colu^b-Mi. and the students- of :.k hi, tory, as he reads the many-coloured u ddei 'ng'- chronicles of the Middle Ages, an'l pauses with admiration and surprise as ha coires upon the nobie record of Bemiremoit and St. Vandriile, Fontenelle, Jumieges, and St. Riquier; of Sith.u and St. O.ner; and greatest of all, St. Gall, re*' ambers with rs- . tonLhment that ill these ™iglVy foundations ?^o wh'ch Christianity and culture owe so e'eep a debt, were the undoubted work of St. Columban and his Irish discHes, to, whom the foundations of the, e numerous and in fluential .communities is owinc. In a com naroMve'y ? short .time after i's foundation St. Columban's monastery, of Luxeul ittain- - od to the climax of it^ grentness -nd pros-' p''ty. under the government of i's sacond Abbot, St. Eustatius. between the years 610 and 625, it became the monastic capital of all the countries under Frankish rule. Throughout the 7th century it was the most celebrated school of Christendom, and .the moot frequented. The children of the noblest Frank and Burgundian families crowded to it; the most famous cities of the soiith -pro- vinces of Gaul such as Lyons, Autun, and Strasburg, sent their youth thither. Every year saw the rise of some religious house, p-aopled and founded by the children of Luxe uil, and numberless Sees sought as Bishops men trained in this world- famous centre. Ec clesiastical writers proudly enumerated' 2i of the alumni of Luxeuil, who received after death the honours of Canonisation.' The ancient records are no less emphatic than mo dern writers in bearing Witness tojthe vast number of Irish missionaries who thus bore the glad tidings and blessings of Christian piety to France. Suffice it to cite the words of Heric of Auxerre, who at the close of the 8th century writes: 'What shall I* say of Ireland, who, despising the dangers of the deep, is migrating with:; almost her whole train of philosophers to our coasts.' 8\. Ir.sh Missionaries in Germany. — The learned Benedictine, Mabillon, remarks that Ireland conferred four benefits on the Ger man people: the Faith, the erection of bi shoprics the introduction of arts and let ters; and the knowledge of architecture. Res eel, in his ''History of the Diocese of Co logne,' gives some interesting details of this German indebtedness,' particularly in the matter of Religion. The. Irish missionaries, he says, feared neither the dangers of the sea nor of the land. Armed with the cross, they preached Christ crucified to kings and peo p es. They gave their lives for the salva tion of our forefathers. They gave riot only the blessings of the Faith, but learning, the treasure of the schools, hospitals, asylums, thelters for the poor, and all similar re trea.s. 'Every province of Germany pro ciaims the Irish race as its benefactor. Aus tria celebrates St. Coleman, St. Virgilius, St. Modestus, and others.'. To whom, but to the Irish was due the famous Schottenklostor of Vienna? Salzburg, Ratisbon, and all Ba varia honour St. Virgilius as their Apostle. Similar honour is paid in different regions to SS. Alto, Maranus. and'Maccarius. Bur gundy, Alsace, Helvetia, Suevia, with one voice proclaim the glory of Coiumbanus, Gaul, .Frido,'in, Arbogast, Flortentius, and Trudpert, who first preached the true reli gion amongst them. Franconia and the Bu chenian forest honour as their apostles St. Kilian and St. Firmin. The land between the Rhine and the Moselle rejoiced in the la bours of Wendelin and Disibod. The Saxons arid the tribes of Northern Germany are in debted to them to an extent which may be judged by the fact that the first ten Bishops who occupied the See of Verdun belonged to that race.' ' . . : Two members of the Ir'sh monastery of Luxeuil were formally sent forth by a Gallic Council about the year 620 to lay the founda tion of a. church in Bavaria. Their work was revived and extended by two Irish Bishops, Rupert and Pirminius, and at a somewhat later period was consolidated by St. Virgilius of Salzburg. About the years 687, St. Kilian, with his Priest Colmian, and his Deacon Tot nan, all Irish, contended with heathenism in the heart of Thuringia, and all received the martyr's, crown. : St. Dobda established a great school of piety at Chiempsee, in Ba varia. SS. Everard «-nd Albert at Ratisbon, antl St. Alto at Altenmunhter, near Freisin gen, where another saint, Declan, is also honoured. Profe'sor Ebrard, a German Pro ?festant, hid b\it little sympa:hy with the Ir'sh Catho'ic missionar'es. We smile at his futile attempts to enrol them on his Protestant Calendar, but we oordiall.y-.accept his .appre ciation of the vast fields of their apostolnte.1 He sets-forih that at the daite oj; St. Golumbanus' arrival on the continent, the whole of the countries which constitute tKe Germany of the present day were, with sl:ght exceptions, in a s'ate oi heathenism. There were .some remains of a Christian Church in TreveS, and ?the ''onn. tries wliich Fridolin had founded in Strasburg and , Switzerland were sti.'l maintrined. But the whole of the rest of Germany lwd still to be Christi.'niseil, ^nnd the whole of the work of conversion lor the - rext tw.o centuries was almost uxe'iiMvi'ly in'the hands of 'the iriJi miss: -ri:i.ieo? In the course -of the 7th century a whole m*i es of Irish churches and irqnastries extoiid* d a'cKig the binks of the Rhino troiu Coira to the'i'bnds of the Rh'ne-Delta, .ind .wistu'ard from the Rhine to the Inn, to the nioimtfU' It'irriers' of Bohemn, and to ' u frontiers. ;- I Saxony.' ? These wera so mauv - eiiti^s of Christian piety and buiwnr.ks o\ Ihn -Faith. Xi regards the inflcence tlm exeHs.-J tv those Irish missionaries on Germany, it must at least be confessed that -d.S6 rmuen.-'.is r i';ht- be compared to the overflow of a river which covers the whole land. As I write thesa lines -he grprt Euch^ri* tic .Congress is being held in Cologne, a'd r-i ifo programme I see n specia1 session for the English-speak'ng vi. itors rssianied-to the bwuvtiful. ?' Church and Shrine- of 'St.-' -Ursula. This leads bnok our thoughts to one of ,tha' earliest of Irebnd's virgin* Saints, ( whose martyrdom in Co'oirne added brilliant lustre and renown to the Chr'sfc'/in fame of tluit an cient city. Cardinal Wiseman aas-- -hown tint the martyrdom of St. Ursula -an'Mier companions must ba assigned to the ? period , of the invasion of the Huns and the de.uru'c- .tion of the city about the year 450. ? '/-Some writers have* affirmed that St; Ursaa was the daughter 'of a British prince, -ely ig i.,r xhe opinion solely on the ancient tradition of Cologne that she had come to (4enu my with her companions from Britain, Our ln.-;h writero, however, have constant'y asserted Ireland's claim to this great martyr Saint. With her chosen companions, she was pro ceeding on her pilgrimage to Rome. She would, as a matter of course, pass through Britain, and, landing in Roman territory,^ on the German coast, would proceed on3'' wards through Cologne. The one difficulty which hitherto cast a doubt on this trad. tion was to the effect that the name of . Ursula was not Celtic, and had no place on Ireland's ancient records. Modern research' has set at rest all doubts on this head. The name 'Ursula' is but a translation into Latin of the Irish Mathona, and precisely about the year 460, we meet in the record of St. Patrick's lie among the chosen dis ciples of our Apost'e, a St. Mathona, who was Sister of St. Benignus, and of whom many things are said regarding her heroism in promoting the work- of Ireland's conver sion, but of the close of whose career there is only the simple entry. 'She set out on pil grimage.' It appears to me to be unques tionable that the St. Ursula of the Roman documents is none other than the Irish he roine St. Mathona, who, together with her four companions, justly holds the, place of ? honor among the virgin saints of Ireland who won the martyr's crown. 9\. Irish Missionaries in Belgium. — A learn ed article on 'Irish Saints in Belgium,' in the 'American Ecclesiastical Review' (Au gust, 1908) attests: 'It is to Ireland that Be'gium owes, amongst others, St. Foillan, the patron of Fosse, St. Livinus, patron of Ghent, St. Rumold, patron of Ma-lines, St. Monin, patron of Nassagne, St. Cadroe, St. Macalan, and St. Farannan, founders and first Abbots of the monastery of Walciodorus, or Waulsort. And, although St. Willibrord, the apostle of the Frieslanders, was not an Irishman, Ireland may justly claim a share and it is perhaps no exaggeration to say that it was his Irish training which inspired and encouraged him to undertake his apostolic labours among the pagan population of Fries land. Xhe Irish missionary connection with Belgium dates from the earlier portion of the 7th century. The work of evangelisa tion commenced by St. Foillan, St. Ultan, and St. Fursey, was continued by others of their countrymen until towards the close of the 8th century, by which time Christianity was fairly well established throughout the whole of the Low Countries.' The Abbey of Waulsort, now in the diocese of Namur, merits special mention. For more than 800 years, it was a cherished home of piety and learning, its beneficent activity ceasing only with its suppression in the troublous times of the French Revolution. The first founders were SS. Cadroe and Ma calan, who, with several companions; set out from Ireland in the first half of the 10th cen tury, and after resting for a while at Per onne, in France, were invited by the pious Lady Heresinde to settle in the forest of Thierache, on the borders of the Hainault, near a chapel dedicated to St. Michael, and there established a centre of religious life, which soon acquired a high reputation, for the sanctity of its inmates. From this monastery, the first religious brethren cair-e to found the monastery of Waulsort. St. Foi'mnan was a Bishop in Ireland before sot ting out with 12 companions i')r Helgium. He was .welcomed by hi.- countrymen ;c; Waulsort;,. and such was his reputation for sanctity aiid learning that he was febon after 'chosen Abbot in 967. The monastery so flourished,' undar his rule that he was regard ed as its second founder. He proceeded to Rome to secure the b'essing of Pope Benedict V1L for the monastery and its branch houses. Jt is specially recorded that he translated to Waulsorf'-'the Reiics of an Irish missionary named St: Eloquius, which h'tlierto had been venerated', at Grigny-sur-Oise. His own tomb. iii,''iifter years, was illustrated by 'n iracles, '{-nd wns much frequented by pil grims. /t1- - St. Foillan' who is known in Belgium un der tha -names of Feuillen and Pholien, to gether with hi.i brothei-. St. Ultan, shed lustre, on the Irish Church in the first half of the 7th century. Proceeding to Be'gium, they set^ed on a, plot of land givuited to, them by St. Gertrude, daughter of Peppin of Lan den Abbess of the monastery of Niveile, in Bit ban1,. The monastery which they erected there, between the rivers Sambre and Meuse, became so frequented that the town of Fo, he grew up around it, and remains to the pre sent day. St. Foillan and threa rompan'o's were martyred in the desert of. Soignes, in 657\. but his remains were translated to Fosse, and' enshrin'ed in the parish church. His memory is 'fitill held in tha highest venern fo'r by the people of Fosse, und bv the ,in habiLants of all the neighboring villages. A remarkable procession is held every seven yeirs. in honour of the saint, on the last Sun day of September. A visitor av1iol trave'led +') Fosse in September. 1907, to witnes^ the Seutenrinial celebration.' attests that jiiotb :j'g could Mivn-ss ' Hie religious I'nt.'uisiji.s-'i oc the people in doing honor to their Irish P'-itron 'The little town,' he says, 'wis decorated as on high festival days, and tri umphal 'a-rches, bearing appropriate inscrip tions, spanned the streets. Tli'ere were pro cessions both morning and afternoon, the cortege passsing through serried ranks of in-' V'- forested spectators, not fewer than 30,000 strangers having bean attracted'to Fosse to witness the unique manifestation of popular piety.' St. Livinus, in the seventh century, tra velled through the country around Alost and Minove, and succeeded in winning over large numbers from Paganism. He also reached the Faith at Hauthem, where in 657 he received the martyr's crown. His shrine there became a, famous place of pil grimage, so much so that the town received the name of Hauthem-St.-Lievin. In 1907, .the commune celebrated, by splendid re'igous festivities,- a double jubilee in honor of this great Irish Apostia of Flanders, the 900th anniversary of the translation of his relics from Hauthem to Ghent, and the 1250th an niversary of his martyrdom. I will mention only one other of the Irish patrons of Bei giuni.St. Dympiia. In the neighborhood of the present village of Gheel she was inar.yr ed in defence of her viginity. about the year 650\. Many insane persons having recovered the use of thai r re.:son .at .her to'iiibY !'she is spee'ally invoked throughout Belgium*: hi cases of mental disease. At present the vi' ]ju;e of Gheel and the whole of the surround ing country is devoted to the care of the in sane, no fewer than 5000 invalids being boarded out in carefully-selected households, under the supervision of medical experts, and many wonderful cures ara recorded as be'ng ? obtained through the patronage of the far famed Virgin-martyi- of Erin. 10\. Irish MLeionaries in Switzerland.— Switzerland reckons several Irish m'ssion aries among her patron saints. St. FridolLi was probably the firsi to erect an Irisli mon astery jus a school of piety and u .bulwark of religion amid the famed scenery of her mountains and lakes. He set out from Ire land more as a pilgrim than a m'ssionary in .the first years of the sixth century to sati ate his piety at the shrine of St. 'Hilary of Poitiers. The patronage of a Frank monarch Clovis, who included what was afterwards Austrasia in Irs dominions, and therefore. was the first of the name, marks the date of his arrival in Switzerland as not later than the year 511. Having satiated his inety at St. Hilary's 'shrine, he passed onwards towards Switzerland by the Moselle and Strasburg. Seeing the rel:gious desolation that prevail ed, he halted at Glarus, and erected there a ' church dedicated to St. Hilary.!; He subse quently chose the island of Seekingen, on the Rhine, near Basle, as the centre of his missionary enterprise. He dedicated several churches in the surrounding districts to St. Hilary, some of which still remain. Other churches bear St. Fridolin's name. He is .honored as the .chief patron of the canton. of GJarus, and' his relics are enshrined in the old conventual church of Seckingen. . The \v6rk of evangelisation begun by St. Frido lia was carried on and completed by St. Col ?;umbahiis ami his companions. When this ' great saint i was ? compelled by the persecu tion of the court to quit his loved monastic : ? home' la't Li\xeuil, he found a safe asylum for a' iimb'on tjir banks of Lake Constance, and thence he travelled onwards to Italy, find-' ing his last resting place at Bobbio. Dr.-. 1 Haddan gives the names of the principal Irish foundations in Switzerland. 'St. Col umbanus,' he says, 'must have passed up the Rhine by the Via Mala, or over to the Sfci Gdthard, -a strange precursor of the in sular travellers who now crowd through the Alpine passes with no higher motive than love of amusement or search of health.' At Disentis, at the very head of the western source of the Rhine, above the old city of Coire, an Irish companion of Columbanus, Sigisbert, founded a monastery wh;ch Jong' continued to spread around it the blessings of religion. In the Cathedral at Coire ' are still, preserved some ancient bronze shrines,' of exquisite Celtic workmanship, which pro-, bably belonged to the Irish monastery. 'Bower down, on the shores of Lake Con stance, a greater Irish disp/.ple of the s.vrre master, St. Gall, or Cullech, revived the; dying embers of the Gospel in the ancient and then still-existing See of Constance, and extended its way (with his discipes, ma:ny Irish) far across the. black Forest into A!e mannia, or Wurtemberg, leaving his name also to a monastery, which, in after days, ?was to be still an Irish school, and the r'vrl in fame of Fulda itself.' Lower still, and nt -a, somewhat later date, overleaping the double monastery of Fridolin, another Irish man, St. Trudpert, and, something later, another named Landelin, 'became founders of monastic colonies near Freyburg. in Ba den, and at ELtenheimmunstar and Schut tern, near Offenburg, in the same neighbor .hood.' At the beginning of the 8th cen tury, St. Pirminius,. another Irishman, was 'the founder of Reichenau. the great twin abbey of that neighborhood, with Si;. Gall, and founder or restorer of 14 or 15 others in a circle from Pfeiers. between Grants and ?Co;re, by Gmund, to Weifsanburg, and the ?strangely-named 'Mauri Monasterium' in Alsace, and even, by a daring advance, at Upper and Lower Altach, on the Danube, as low as its confluence with the Issr. and ,..nt Monsee, near Salsburg, restored and cotisoH dated what the earlier Irish had begun.' The connection between Ireland and Switzer land continued all through the 9th century. St. Findan, after visiting St. Martin's shrine at' Tours,- settled ?'? down in his heritage at Rheinau, near Schachausen, which soon grew into a- great centre of religious life. Another Irishman, St. Eusebius, about the year 841, established a monastery at Mount St. Vic tor, in the Voralberg, which, after the saint's death, was by royal charter united to St. Gall. About the same time the monas tery of St. Gall was visited by the Irish Bis hop Marcus, accompanied by his more famous nephew, Moangal, who continued to teach there for many years, and in whose school were trained Tutilo and Notker and Ratpert, who were reckoned among the most famed of the German scholars of those days. ' 11. Irish Missionaries in Italy. — The first great Irish foundation in Italy was that of St. Columbanus at Bobbio. The erecbion of the monastery :s generally ss.-igned to the year 612, but it is certain that several years before that date, St. Columbanus visited North Italy. ? The Ducal lairii y of Bavaria had received religious instruction from him and h. s' brother Religious p.t.Luxeui:!. In the Hvays ' of 'Providence Theodolinda,: ;a daughter of the Duke of Bavaria, becairi^ thei; wife of; .Agiliilphj the Lombard Duke,' who rhivdhith' erto been the champion of Arianis:n,\varid-'had' fiercely assailed St. 'Gregory the1 ?Great1 iii; Rome itself. O:i giving biroh' to 'her fir.it' soil, Theodoiinda invited I Colunilvnus to ad minister Baptism to him. The ceremony performed by the Saint at Milan was -a mo mentous event for the peace of Italy and the triumph of the Church. Agilulph, at the exhortation of Columban, from being a per secutor, became the . friend of St. ' Gregory and champion of the orthodox fai~h. It wl.-s at this time that Columbanus wrote, at the requpst of Agilulph, a treatise or formula of Faith against the Arjian heresy, which is in all prdboblity the famous 'Quicumqui .it,' the authorship of which has been so disputed, but of which the oldest MS. fivgment. sup posed to be in the handwriting of Colum bamis himself, is still preserved in the ,Am brosiaii Library ot M.Ian, brought thither from the monastery of Bobbio.- ..'''? Several Irish missionaries are honoured lamong the patron saints of Italy. Thus at Lucca we have St. Finnian, whose name hl:s been changed to Frigidianiis in Latin, : and Frediano in Italian ; at Fiesole, the Bishop Donatus is honored 'together with his com panions St. Brig'd and St. Andrew : and Ta ranto, at the verj' extremity of Italy's heels, pays due honour to St. Cathaldus end his companion Donatus. . Many other churches pay the lik^-'honpr to other Irish patrons. These saints had not forgotten their native land. St. Donatus of Fiesble composed in . Latin a metrical life of the -gre^t Patron of Kilclare, St. Brigid. The first introductory lines, a re thus translated by Mrs. Ferguson: 'Far in the confines of the ' Westa^'^Lll' L[g Thera lies a land, of lands the'. Kewf ' '''»-. An island rich in all good stones ^ ' -^Of^, Of robe and gem, and goldenVflPff*^'-i'-!r .: ?, ? The few'; subsequent lines hav^yQfiiatrnns lated - by Thomas Moore : ^^^*£smLiiL 'Her verdant fields with milk and honey flow, Her -wool's' fleeces vie with virgin snow, Her waving furrows float with bearded corn, And arts and arms her envied sons adorn.' Continuing .his prologue, St. Donatus, tells that' it is h*s purpose in sketching St. Bri gid's Life to gather -a few 'fitting blossoms in a garden full of flowers,' and then he adds : . 'If beholding the glittering stars of hea ven, we seek to know their order and high aspiring course, . 'if -we. could number the minutest grains of ?sand which, the troubled waves of the sea have, scattered on our shores, .? . 'Then might we number the virtues of this Virgin, . -, . .-' / ; - ,. -.'Whose heart was the Temple of the Most Hfeh.'^ ;?;. '%;)/? ? .;.???? ,,... ''?-,?' ? ...;A new.rfielti^ifor' Irish! influence in North Itaiy wr.s opened by Charlemagne, when he instituted the' famous high-school as a centre of 'learning at- t'av'a, arid placed at its head the , Irish mbiik 'Albinus. The coming of this holy man to the court ,of Charlemagne is so characteristic of the Irish saints of those times that I give in full the narrative writ ten .by the monastic chronicler of St. Gall: '-When the illustrious Charle.s began to reign alone in the western parts of the world, and literature and everywhere almost forgotten, and the worship of the true God- wi is accord ingly feeble, it happened that two Scots of Ireland, men comparatively skilled in hu man learning and in the Ho'y Scriptures, came over with some British merchants to the shores of France. As they produced no merchandise for sale, they used to proclaim to the crowds flock'ng to purchase, 'If any one is dedrous of wisdom, let him come to vs, and receive it; for we have it to sell.' Their reason for saying thay had it for dale, w-as, that, perceiving the people inclined to de-n.l in saleable artVes. and not to take any thing gratuitously, they might by this means either rouse them to the purchase of wisdom as well as of other things;' or, as the sequel shows, might by speaking in that manner excite their wonder and astonishment, ? They repeated this declaration so often, that' an ac count of them was conveyed, ei;her by their admirers, or by those who thought,, them in sane to the King Charles, who being a lover and very desirous of wisdom, had them led with all expedition before him, and asked them if they truly possessed wisdom, as it was reported to him. They answered that they did, and were ready in the name of the Lord to communicate it to such as would seek for it worthily. On his enquiring of them what compensation they would expect for it, they replied that they required no thing more than convenient situations, in genious minds, and, as being in a foreign country, to be supplied with food . and rai ment. Charles, havmg heard their proposals, and' filled with great joy, at first kept both of them with himself for a short time. After an interval, when obliged to proceed on a military expedition, he ordered one of them, whose name was Clemens, to remain in France, entrusting to his care a great num ber of boys, not only of tha h'ghest nobility, but. likewise of the middle and lower ranks of society, who were by his orders provided with, food and suitable habitations. The other, by name Aibinus, he directed to Italy, and assigned to him the monastery of St. August:n's near Pavia, that such persons as chose to do so might there resort to him for iiiotrucbion.' . Under the guidance of Aibinus and many assistants who came to him from Ireland, the school of Pavia. became a centra of englight enment for a.V North Italy. One of his suc cessors, named Dungal, in 823, obtained wide spread fame for his knowledge of astronomy Kind his learned writings. He ended his days at the monasterj' of Bobbio which h© enrich ed with many precious MSS. In this he imitated the example of another great Irish sa'nt at Bobbio, St. Cummkin, who was held in such esteem that the Lombard King Luit prand caused his tomb to be adorned with precious stones. H'a had brought with him from Ireland many valuable MSS., all- of whish he bequeathed to the library of the monastery, and thus enriched that venerable shrine became for all Italy for well nigh 800 -years 'a storehouse of classical as we1! as theological and liturgical trea suvos.'-' 12\. Later- Irisli Monasteries Throughout Europe.— All through northern and central Europe in the Middle Ages we meet with a series, of homes of Irish piety known as 'Irish Monasteries.' . 'Monasteria Scotto rum,' which merits special mention. As early ns the year 844, a' Council held at Meaox, in France^ called -attention to them. Several of these Institutions., it says, . had been al lowed -to fall into disrepair, 'whether through negligence or through vicissitudes of the times,' and heno'a a decree was. adop ted to th'e! effect that such foundations were to be restored 'in such manner, as they had *bee.n instituted by the Scots of old.' ^l-foese Institutions were originally intend ^eft^sNresting homes for the Irish pi'grims, wlmjjn the ardour of their piety flocked in vast., numbers to visit the slmnes of Rome or 'the Holy Land. At the period of the D.an ,'dsh invasions, when the monasteries in Ire land were plundered and her sanctuaries were desecrated, those continental institutions be came a place of refuge for the Irish Religi ous . who recompensed the hospitality extend ed to them by their missionary zeal and exercise of the. sacred ministry. Towards the end of the 11th centuiy, a special activity is seen in -erecting and consolidating, those pil-. grim homes foi' Irish missionaries. Ratisbon, in Germany, was one of the great centres of this religious movement. The first founda? tion there was due to Muiredach, of the fam ily of MacRoarty, in Donegal, who with six companions set out from Ireland on pilgrim age, about the year 1067. Settling in Ratis bon, .many of his countrymen gathered around him, the Church of St. Peter and the adjoining monastery were ass:gi?ed to their care, and under Imperial patronage those pilgrims from Erin exercised a far-reaching influence. St. James' monastery in the 'same city was an affiliation from St. Peber's, but soon outstripped in importance the Mother House. One. of its Abbots, Gilchrist -Mac-: Carthy, not only solicited the . favour ' of the German Emperor and the Bavarian nobility for his work, but proceeded to Ireland to collect funds for enlarging his church and rronastsrv. It ? is - specially recorded that Conor O'Brien, King of Munster, contribu ted -200 marks towards this pious work. Be fore the end of the 12th century affiliations from these Irish monasteries at Ratisbon were to be found in Wurzburg, Constance, . Nuremberg, Vienna, Eichstaett and Memin gen, and several others, were instituted early in the 13th century. Many of these founda tions were due to the reverence with which Germany cherished the memory of its early Irish1 missionaries: 'I will allow the writer of an interesting article on this subject in the 'A1! Hallows' Annual' for tha- nresent - year, to continue the narrative : 'The cir cumstances attending on the foundation of these monasteries show in what esteem the Irish monks were held by the Germans of that period. The labours of the early- Irish Saints in Central and Southern Germrny were not forgotten, and princes, Bishops, and peo n'e wtere ready to give a warm welcome to the countrymen . of Kilian, Rupert, Ailbhn,, and Gall. Thus it was that Emmerich, Bi shop of Wurzburg, founded in 1134, the mon astery of St. James, in honour of St. Kilian, and handed it. over , to the Irish monks of Ratisbon; and that' Henry, B.shop of Con stance, brought Maelsuthian and 12 Irish monks to his Episcopal city in veneration for his patron, St. Gall. I would not be surpris ed to learn that the Wurzburg foundation was due in part at least, to David the Irish man, who presided for many years over the Wurzburg Cathedral School, and who after w^a^ds became chaplain to the Emperor Henry V. Th's post of Imperial chaplain was con ferred frequently on our countrymen, and two of its holders, Carus, third Abbot of St. James', Wurzburg, chaplain to Conrad If., and Declan, chaplain to Frederick Barbaroise, are co-founders of the Irish monastery of St. Egidius, at Nuremberg, which was 'built on the northern confines of the town under the very shadow of the imperial crstle, where Conrad and Frederick loved to. dwejl. But if the monks from Rntisbon were h?gh in the favour of the Ghibelline Emperors, and took up their aboda. under the walls of their strongholds, they were none the les:- we'eome to the. Guelplis, whose leader, Duke Guelph himself, 'brought Muiredach and 12 monks from St. James' and 'established them on his patrimonial estate at Memingen.' The Irish monastery of St. Martin at Co logne dates from the year 690. Throughout the period of the Danish invasions, it was a favourite resort of Religious from Ireland. In the church attached to the monastery is still preserved a precious Relic of St. Brigid supposed1 to have been brought thither at this period. In the 11th century, under its Abbot, St. Heliasl (1015-1042), this monastery attained special renown in Germany. He was a native of the Countj' Monaghan. He was the firs!; to introduce the Roman cha-nt at Cologne, and- to him wi:s dedicated the famous book on the laws of Symphony and Tone by Berno, of Reichenau. Donachadh, Abbot of Dunshaughlin, in Ire'and, died at St. Martin's, in 1027, as also did Bran, King of Lteinster, in 1052. Arnold, the last Irisli Abbot, d'ed in-1103;,bi?t the monastery flour ished until the French Revolution, when it wUs suppressed and converted into' a parish church in July,, 1803. Another of those old Irish monasteries has impressed its name on a most attractive quar ter of the great city of Vienna. 'One of the sights of that city is the Ring -Strasse, the wide boulevard dividing the bold town from the nev.',f, faced with churches and mag nificent public buildings, and filled with the teeming life of the 'gay iapital of Austria. The north-western section of- the boulevard is called the 'Scotten. Ring,' from its vicin ity, to thte 'Scottenhof ' the .large pile of buildings which once formed the Irisli mon astery of Vienna.' Tjie story of its foun dation is n at without interest... When the city of Vienna would seem to .have decayed almost beyond, recovery, a number of wealthy merchants of ' Ratisbon were invited 'by the Court to settle there. They consented,, but with th'a condition that some of the Irish monks would accompany them. The condi tion was accented, and we find Abbot Gilla na-Naemhb with a small band offhis brother monks sett'ing on the. then northrwestern out skirts of Vienna. The monastery thus erec ted was. the gterm.that developed into the fashionable 'Schottenhof' in. the course of centuries. .:). Such in brief outline are some of the mo tives wlr'ch impelled the graceful nations of the Continent to award to Ireland the aure ola of ..-'The Island of Saints'— her name for sanctity and learning, the' devotion of her sons, to promote letters and religion, and the heroism 'and fruitfulness of the zeal with which her missionaries restored to Eu rope the- blessings of Christian civilisation, and built up anew the bulwarks of the Faith against barbarism and unbelief. ?. . And., Ireland has , never forfeited thrt glorious award of Christendom. During cen turies of unpa-ralle'sd ' persecution for relig1' on's sake, she, ever clung to the Faith, and merited a further bright crown' from admir ing Christendom as the Martyr Island of Holy Church. A pious person applied to the illustrious Dr. Doyle, Bishop of. Kildare, for ?on-'e Relies of Saints. In reply, he said: 'Go to the. first wayside grnveyard of your people : take from it a handful of dust ; it is the Relics of Martyrs for Religion.'. Dur ing the century that has intervened since calm and peace: were Restored to the. Irish reople by Emancipation, the whole country has been arrayed once more in religious beauty, like, the Bride of the Lamb, and tta present, successor of St. Peter hr-s not friVl to-apain- and. again repeat that the, Irish race ?'-e the best Chtholies at the present day and that amid the sorrows that from every s'cle crowd upon him, they are second to no other nation in Christendom by their piety, earn estness and vigour, bringing to him conrola tion and joy. May the Irish Church long continue to. pursue the same radiant paths of Christen, heroism and holiness, aivine; rlory. to.-.the Mdst High, nnd consolation to the Vicar-, of the Divine Master, and bring ing untold,ble?sinf;s to the old and new na tions .of- ?Christendom. 