AN APOSTLE PE BMGRATION. DK. ARTHUR'S MISSION. INTERESTING INTERVIEW. Or. Richard Arthur,' M.L. A., of New South Wales, who has been visiting Great Britain in the interests of the Australian Immigration league, returned by the Xi.BlJS. utway on Aiflnuay. ur. .armur was absent six months from Australia, .and he told a representative of The Register that he was Rlad to be back. 'I have not been -warm since leaving the Common wealth,' he remarked. 'We had a 'miser- able rammer in England, arid consequently I was not able to do all I intended, How ever, I waa able in many ways to adver tise Australia in England. The London; press was very good to roe, and inserted; communications from me ' sometimes once ' or twice a week, in all the leading papers. I found much interest was being taken in Australia as a field for emigration, but the general opinion was that the Common wealth could do a good deal more in this direction that slie_ was at present. There was a general feeling that in no way could the colonies help the mother countrj- more: than by helping, her to dispose of some of her surplus ? population. 1 had conversa tions with many of the leading mcn.in Lon don, and they all adopted the position that since the surplus population in the old country was in the cities, and that there was already a scarcity of agricultural labou rers in the country districts, some of the immigrants whom the colonies want, shou'd lie taken from the towns. If this were done, it would be a greater relief to the mother country than even a naval subsidy or the presentation of a Dreadnought: as the unemployed problem is- acute at present in the United Kingdom.' T pointed out that the difficulty in Australia was in deal ing with adults from the cities, as my ex perience had been that they were mostly unfitted for the kind of work which we were able to offer them— that is, work in the bush. My proposal, : however, to send lads of the age of 15 years and upwards .from the cities to the farms in Australia met with a favourable reception,' and a strong committee has been formed in Lon don to give effect to it. T hope that a first batch of 50 lads, who will be carefully selected by this committee; will be sent out to Australia. Tn all probability they will come at the expense of the central body for London, which has a large fund at its disposal for the purpose of paying the fares of emigrants. As this State seems to be prosperous— particularly in tbe farming districts— and as T was informed' when passing through Adelaide on my way to London, that there was a considerable demand for lads upon farms, and that it was almost impossible to get them in Ade laide. I hope that the South Australian fanners will apply to Mr. J. C. Genders, and inform him if they are able to give employment to lads on their farms. As these boys will have had no previous ex perience, they will start with a small waga of about 5/ a week and their-keep. thia being increased gradually as they gain ex perience. If the first 'batch are all suc cessfully placed and do well, the* -will be followed regularly by others. There can be no opposition from the labour unions to this form of immigration, and I hope -the South Australian Government will see its way to support this movement, and also subsidize it. These lids could make good farm workers, and will not interfere with any of the trades or city employments. — Imperial Conference Advocated. — 'Much of my time in London was spent in advocating the necessity for an Impe rial conference on immigration. The tub ject is one of gixsit importance, and merits a conference for itself. I wa.s in hopes that the matter might be brought up at the Naval Conference, but it was decided that no subject should be dealt, with except that of defence, although so far as Austra lia is concerned. 1 recognise that immigra tion is one of the most important factors in the defence of the continent. Until our population is increased it is absurd for ,ua to think of a navy on a scale adequate for the protection of the Commonwealth. I had arranged to address a meeting on the subject at the House of Commons, at which many prominent men, such as 'Lord Xorthcote. ' Lord Brassey, the Earl of Meath, and Mr. Alfred Ly tie] ton (former Secretary of State for- the Colonies) had promised to be present. This mating fell through oyving to my illness.. I had also to abandon other of my engagements, such as the lecture- to' the Colonial Club at Ox ford -on the problems of Imperial immigra tion, and another at the Mansion House at which I was to place the scheme for the emigration of lads before a meeting con vened by the Lord Mayor of London. I was. however, enabled to read a paper on the subject of Imperial - immigration at the Royal Colonial. Institute, and this paper was very favourably commented upon by the British press. -V'Soiith Australia Stir Up.'' — '1 really' think,' continued Dr. Arthur, 'the time has arrived for'Uie South Aus tralian Government to do something in the way of State-aided immigration. With the great wave of prosperity which is passing over the State it should easily be able to absorb a considerable addition to its popu lation. These, however, shou'd .not be artisans or skilled labourers, but either adult farm workers, or (preferably) the lads to whom I have referred before. I was sorry I was unable to get on to the Conti nent, as I- had intended,. because 1 was hop ing to induce .some Dutch, Danish, and Swedish agriculturists to come to Aus tralia, i —Reduction of Passage Fares.( 'I do hope that the Federal Government wilj enter upon an energetic immigration policy now. To my mind the most impor tant thing is the reduction of fares to Aus tralia. As long as it costs £17 or £18 to get here. Canada and the United States will continue to attract the bulfcof the emi grants leaving the British Isles. ' If the fare, to Australia, were reduced to a uni form rate of, say. £10, immigration 'would double here at once. 1 suggest that 'the South Australian Government should at least go in for systematic nominated- pas sages, and allow any' person in the State who has relatives at home to bring them out at a reduced rate, by paying the pas sage fare in Adelaide. This is being done by four of the Australian ' States, and ia proving satisfactory. (Jueensland allows an adult male to be nominated for the sum of '.-CIO, an adult female for £2. and child ren below the age of 14 at £1 per liead. In New South -Wales the rate is a little higher. If this system were tried in South Australia, 1 am certain it would give satis faction. —A Field iu India.— 'At Colombo on the way out I met Capfc. F. W. Holden, who lias consented to act as -agent for the Immigration League of Australia in Ceylon, India, and the Straits Settlements. I understand that Capt. Holden will probably be appointed also agent for the Commonwealth Government, and as he has offices in Calcutta, Bombay, and Colombo, he is favourably placed for advertising Australia in India. 'Capt. Holden is trying to induce civili servants, military officers, and others to go and set tle in Australia, and to send their children here to be,' educated. He also is -working out a scheme with the former Minister for Defence (Sr. Pearee) by which time-expired soldiers and reservists 'in India, who are in receipt of pensions, could come to Austra lia, and by commuting part of their pen sion, receive a sufficient capital sum to make a start on the land. .Capt. Holden is also seeking to induce tourist traffic from India, and at his various offices, will have a large stock of Australian literature, pho tographs, and maps, and supply full infor mation about the Commonwealth. - —Trade With the East.— 'Capt. Holden is likewise' seeking to open up trade between Australia and the East, and has already been successful in obtain ing large orders for Australian produce in Ceylon and Tndia. Ue is sanguine about the possibilities of Australian trade there, and states that there is a great opening for frozen meat, fresh and tinned fruits, jams, biscuits, and 'flour. He also believes that he could dispose of large niiantities of olive oil, wine,- tinned butter, and tallow, and it would be well for South Australian mer chants who have such things to dispose of to communicate with him at his head office at 98 Clive street. Calcutta. The only drawback to the opening up of this trade is that at present there are no ships with refrigerating accommodation running direct; between Australia and India. If this could be provided, there would be a great expan sion of trade. There are four Dutch, gen tlemen, two of whom came direct ? from Java on board the Otroay., -who are seek ing to open up trade relationships between Java, on board the-Otway who are seek told me. and from previous knowledge of the subject, I am convinced there is a great future for the interchange of commodities between the Netherland Indies and Austra lia. Java will take frozen meat, butter, fruit, jams, &c.;, and could send us in re turn tea, coffee, tobacco, sugar, petroleum, teak, rice, and many other tropical pro ducts. There is no doubt it would be wise far Australia to do all die can to cultivate trade relationships with these Eastern countries, and their huge populations, and m this way render betielf independent of thr London market. — Dsyfcjfet Savins System. — 'There is one mstter I shoold like to mention before closing.' said Dr. Arthur. I 'I am more than, ever itwuiuwl ci the ''?? . . : !''. i 'desirableness of introducing tbe daylight saving, system into operation, in Anatralta. While in England I met Mr. Willett, the originator of the scheme, and had several chats with him on the subject. T^ie ob ject of the scheme is to put the clocks on in the summer time, so as to 'save day light, lit the end of the day. The proposal is gaining ground rapidly, not only in the United Kingdom, but also in America and some of the Continental countries. ' Aus tralia would undoubtedly be a fine place in which to try this experiment, because we are so isolated -from other countries, and have such short twilight. I am.hop'ng to see the Federal Minister for Home Affairs re the proposal when in Melbourne, as the matter would have to be a Commonwealth one.'' ? - 