NEWS AMND NOTES. The "WPst .?istralian."-To-day (New Year's Day) the commercial office of 'the "West Australian"' will be closed from 11 a.m. to'-530 p.m. With this edip tion the office hours will be those ordi narily observw,. The Mails.- The weekly :mail for the. Eastern States will.close at the G.P.O. to-morrow, at 9.15 a.m;, for transmission by the s.~. Riverina, aid 'at 4.15 p.m. (late fee:5 p.m.), for conveyance by the same steamer (via -Albany). ' The next mail for 'teilUnited Kingdom is notified to close at' the, G.P.O. on Monday at noon (late fee 1 p.m.), for transmission :by the R.M.S. Omrah. ' , The Weathw The sade tempera tures recorded yesterday;, were :-Perth Observatory Ma,; 92.8eg .; rin. 63 6dega. Perth Gardens Da.; 91.2deg. mmin, 64.9de;g. The -'following forecast SwaslissaEd b h~the ..Meteorblogical ; Office yesterday := 4Very,' . high ':temperatures' were; agauin" recorded ; to-day throughout . '. i : e the goldfields; tropics, Jand. inland pois tioris of the S.W. It has'been moderate t', hot and sutltry in the coastal areas. Barometers have fallen sinre. this morn ing'souith of the' tropics? especially at the .Leeuwinii and on the S.' coast. which seems' to' indicate 'that a 'low' is an "pioaching these from the south. This will cause cooler conditions in coastal i areas. Another 'low' is on the coast between W?inning Pool and Hamelin Pool and stretching inland through the iMur chison to the .North Coolgardio fields. ' The forecast is:-"Warm to hot and ral try throughout, with northerly winds y. aid tendency to thunder over the fields. :C6ol change approaching the Leeuwin. followed by showers on the south coast." Death of an.Old Clouist.--A private cablegram received at Fremantle yester day' announced the death 9fp Mi. Wm. Silas Pearse, at his residence, Drayton, 'Clifton, Bristol; Es gland. The de ceased was a brother of Mr. Jas. Pearns 'and of Mr. F. Pearse, of North Freman- & tie, and a son of the late Mr. W. Pearsoe,. I one of the earliest.colonists, who landed here' in foundation year 1829, and set tiled at Fremantle. The latter gentle m-in' married a daughter of the late 'Mr. Geo. Glyde, of Perth, and left a large family, of whom the deceased, Wm. S. Pearse, was. the 'ldest. Born as far .Iack as 1838 at' the- North Shore, Fre mantle, the deceased entered the arena of public life at an early age, being a member of the Fremantle Town Trust be fore Frectantle was declared a munici ipality, in 1879, when he was, elected the ;first sha~rman. The deceased was also during the early eighties a spember for Frumantle in the old 'Legislative Coun cil. and was 'he first representative' -f. North Frec natle ini the first Western Australian Parliament under Besponsitlo .Government. For many years he was eig..ged in rusincss with his brother. Mr. Geo. Pearse, and subsequently he was associated with., the late Captain Owston and the. late Mr. W. Msan ion. Some ten years ago the deceased gentle man took up his residence in the old land, and as'in the past took an active iiiterest in the advancement of this State. SWell known throughout Western Austra lia, he was highly esteemed for his ster ling qualities in : social' and. business 'circles, and the news of his demise will be received by his many friends with Sdeepest regret.,. As a mark of respect to t)te.late Mr. Pearse tl1e municipal flag :at Frementle ',as half-masted yesterday. ,The. Fretantle 'Harbour Fatality-Be fore Captain Irvine (Chief Haibourmsa-' ter) yesterday morning at Fremantle an in.quiry was opened. into.the circum stances attending the 'ollision between. the steam tug Susan and the mail steamer Mongolia on Monday last.'' A number of those who were on the' Susan at the time of the mishap ga:e 'evidence, after 9 which the further hearing 'oft testimony wes adjoirned -?ntil Taesday' next. Wrhma all evidencc has'been htard Captain Jr vine'will forward a report to the Colonial Secretary, who'wil decide whether a pub-. li, investigati?" will be held. 'Yester day, the steamner Penguin again proc ed. ed to the scene of the inishap, and Diver iRussell on descending discovered the body of .the unfortunate fireman WVri:hc pinned in the dyorway of the engine room. The body was at once brought to the surfaet, and tonvey.d to the morgue. An'i examination. showed- that severe Iscald.wounds rad been made on the boiy apparently by sn exsplýsion at the tiaa of the sinking of the Susaf. An inquest will be. opened this niorning. -The work of removing the Jebris from'the bottom of the channel to r spot at: the rear of the South Mole' ii now in pr grEss. i.The Kiing's: Poitrnit.- His Excellency the IGovernor has. informed the Premier that he hlias'received an intimation: that it wias the King's pleasure that portraits of His'Majesty and the Que'n should no' laced'I in-' Government House, Perth . T1v) 'sizes ~f po'rtraits wereo. mentioned, ind the Premier hI kasked' the chief ar chitect to. attend at' Government House Iand 'advise; as. the most suitable size to iaccept' A Great' .State.--Mr. -ranklin Mat. .thewi, one of . the Press representatives who. visited. Australia with the Ainerican fleet;' in a-letter to the'Premier (Mr. N. J. ' Moore),' dated Decembbr 5, writes: rI saw no State which impressed me 'more,or as much as yours. You have :tremendous 'opportunities,. and, I liked Sespecially the high courage and public 'p'rlt slown'by you and your people. I shall.keep on sounding your praises pub-. licly and privately; and it will rejoice me more than I can tell you if some good comes. out of 'it. for?: you." Mr. Wgide's Visit.-In 'conversation with the Premier prior to'his .departure for': Sydney, yesterda'y..t''e Premier o f 'New, South Wales .(Mr.? W9ade) said that he .:was, highly delightr, 'wt?t his visit to. K?lgoorlie and Bdllder, and he was going: way with a very different idea of Western Australia :'ad its resources to what he had had when he arrived. ;Australian Passengers 'Rold '0 tihe Ophir.--Six steerage 'p " s ers ;. frimi? \'Australia to Loindon by ~b ~ i ".M.S. op-lirir- which left Fremantinluqu lecem bier .7T Awas ·6bbed on :Satu'rldy 'night. Decembekf 12; of £26. There were about 20 male: passengers 'sleeping in one com spartiment, aid'the lres of the money was discovered early on, Sunday'? morning. : The matter wasreported, to 'Commander I Healey a?iid the other officer, who made ebery effort to trace the :culprits hut withoit success. Oine man lost .12, and the rmaisiiider was lost by five othlers in small stus.. ::'€:..-_'_ ·- r-, -.?.-d =, ? o:-i~._ _ , - , _" _ afternoon the 'children of the Stbiaco Industrial School were by the generosity, of a number of city 1irms regaled with t lefxeshments, and a profusion of t'is was distributed by the Mavoreas, Mrs. Shirley %1hite.. "Amongst the-'ontrihu ting firms were 'Mests. D. and .W. Mur ray, Sargood, Bros.; Bon Marche, Ltd., Economic, Ltd., For and Gibson. Kitchen and Co., Albany Bell, Boean Bros., E. ;S. Wigg and Son; Chas. Moore and Co., S. T. 'Upham, Mills and 'Ware, and the 'Horonda Brewing Co. At the close of .the proceedings a. round of cheers was :given for the promoters and Mr. Pymnan, who arranged this and similar functions at the institution for "the past four years. f .'Funeral of the Late Mr. Cha'i. Booth. The funeral of the late Mr. Chas. Booth, the resident secretary A.M.P. Society, Perth; took rlace yesterday morninr in Sthe Anglican Pcirtionof the Karrakatta -Cemetery, and was very largely attend ed. The chief mourner was Mr. Vincent e WTVheatley (cousin).. The pall-bearers .were Messrs. A. Green, W. Stodart, J. L. 'B. Weir,. It. Triggs, J; T. ýlowrey, ,and; A. C. Downing". Animoist "thoa present.were Mr. II. Teece;-gcncral ma r 'nager A.M.P. Society; Mr. Lucad, act ing-reisident secretary; Mr. G. Randall, aM.L.C. (chairman ooard of directors, 'A.M.P. Society), Mr. Chas. Hudson (di rector. A.M.P. Society), Mr. Harry Wriht (National Mutual Life Asscia tion), Messrs. T. P. Draper. M.L.A., Jaa r Morrison, P. Strelitz, (O. L, "aines, G. \- Parker, J. R. Campbell, E.'P. Kirby. Campbell, C. A. Hall. R. TI. fall, Alex. ander and many others. There was also a large attendance from the staff 0.of. the A.M.P. Society. Many. wreaths 1 and floral tributes were received. Rev. E. Makeham officiated at the.graveside, and the funeral erangements. were carried out by Mr. Donald J. Chipper. Probates and Letters of Administra tion.--During the week. the following :probates and letters of administration were granted by the Supreme Court: Charles Thomas Edward Young, late of Subiaco, carpenter, formerly contractor, to Lucie Young, .180 5s. 3d. Letters of administration: Ernest Heinrick Got tlob Liebehenschel, known as Ernest Henry Liebhenschel, also known as Henry Liebenhenl, also . known as SHenry ' Liebehenschel, also known at Perth as Henry Himstielt, late of Perth, bottle merchant, to Ilerman Ed- - ward Liebehenschel, .2071 5s. ld. 4 "Only. the Usual."--Considering the hot weather and the season of the year the number of persons charged at the City Police Court yesterday with hay m ing been drunk was surprisingly few. Several, of. those, who appearei to an swer the charge had evidently not com 'pletely recovered from their over-in dulgence. One welldressed individual, who had been out on bail, strongly 'ob \- ected to going into the dock, maintain Is ang that an man who had'.onlv been drunk should not be asked 'fo"go into 'the box where thieves and' otlier' crim i inaln.wsre put. After a constablc. on ' heeding his offended dignity, bad' gently Is ,forcedhim into the ,dotk;, the inlvidul it concerned continued to argue the point • ; • / i with the Bench: '"How many drinks have you had ;this morning?'" asked the magistrateo::?"Oh! ,. I'm not drunk now,!' was the reply.7 "I think you are pretty close to it," said Mr. loe.' "Oh. no; only. the u~sual," ?was the nonchalant rejoinder; 'Evidently the niagistrate considered the '"usual" could, be ih proved upon,? and. ordered, the accused to be removed.auntil the whole of the other cases oni'the 'list had been 'dis posed of.: SlisBeq'neStly. the same ini dividual; -but in'much' castened,agai took his :stanid 'in the box, and apologia ed to the Bench for his'previous volubil ity. He wais then allowed to depart on condition thtlha?:paid 3s. for his cab' ride to the station on the previous even ming. :)ire Brigades..oard Meeting.--''he ordinary meetiigg.of .the Fide Brigades Board was heldiht the office of the board yesterday, a riroon., There were 'present :Mr. S. St~? li;M.L.C. '(acting chair gUana), Crs.. llen and Newbold, Messrs. ','cGibbon and !?vans, and- Sut Laps S ley. A lettei',was received from the Commissioner of .Railways notifying the Superintendent that a free railway pass Would be granted to him over the'metro politan lines, anid the payment of £10 per annum, on condition that: he would make periodical 'reports upon the rail way. fire applian'ces. Accounts totalling £61 10s. 3d.' iwer passed for payment. Supdeirintendent ILtpsley reported, ha'ving received' since.last meeting of the board 14 calls of.?,re,'5 of which were within the cential district, and 9 -in the Fre mantle districli.The `daniage' in mll cases -was .not ofii serioua mature.. This .made a 'total inumber of calls to date of' 203'. 'He had also received since the last meetinng 18 lunbulance calls, which made ai total of :268. Collie Coi . and the Railways.-A1 thoe gihthere w?as an indisposition ;yes terday? on the part of' those interested :in the Collie. col1.companmies to discuss .,,ublicly the action of the Government n' respect to tthe re- allocation of the' :railway orders, it ,was evident, that the feeling : amongst':then,- 'is one' 'of --'dis satisfaction. ' -For som. tiind 'past, three of ; the, companies-tihle ,'Sc.ttish, the Cardiff, and ,thed C-operativ ----have.been Smoving in the Idirection of' obtaining:an Sequal distribution' of the Government order, holding tht..by :-one company having a larger proportion of the con tract 'it-. practically amounted to a subsidy from, the'),Government, .which -.gave an undue ad antage to that com pany. The re- all tion, although it is recognised ..to ;be ore equitable than previously, .does no yet meet with the approval of -the tlree companies men tioned, who ?still? c4ntend that the four companies: shouldb h, placed -on an equal footing: The' opiniin is held that when Parliament, ineets somie : caustic critic isms will be levelle agaii~nst 'the Minis try by private me.pbers, who recognise the claims of the tiree companies con corned.; .. i ..... c Municipal Licence?--An' advertisement elsewhere notifies that municipal licences for lodging-houses, dairies, vehicles, and dogs for` the current. year. are due, and must lie taken out forthwith. ' Chapter. of Accidets at. Fremantle. The Fremantle Hospital; authorities had quite a busy time yesterday, when there Swere' no less than -four casualties re ' corded., During the morning . Christo pher'Higgins, and:'Thomas iLloyd were admitted ,to th'p hci pital .the firner suffering from a small'scalp wound. and. cut che'ek, and the-l?ttei 'm 'abr6keni' leK and-out lip. appearsthat Hig. gine- was. fighting 'th: other man; when Lloyd went tdi'thel':former's :as: sistance,-- with the 1siit ltstated.' LlOyd .was! detained 'for t;redtment, whilst 'Hig gmins was allowed otir; ceed to his home. Another man, W~i ilackburn,' was later on':aiidmitted sufferig ::from a 'broken collarbone.. The ,latter,' howevr, was unable: to 'inform". the autlhorities how he sustained the, injury. To comiplete the list, a 'coloured `member of the crew of the. ss.s.'Paroo had~his left arm badly fractured' through lbeing caught in · a rope.': Ho: was removed to the hospital' and .detained:fo6 treatment: In- addition. tb:'the, accidents mentioned.. a Danish' passenger. who was! proceeding to- New Zealand by the'R.M.S. Ormuz, waeare \- . moved to .the: hospitpl during the- morn ing suffering :fidm'eiar disease'and' 'conl plhcations.. 'Death 'in the Bush:--On . Wednesday , evening last at about 6 o'clock the re mains of "a mani were found. by James Quindlan about 20 chains on the Nor tham side of the Chittarin station, and east of the line. The man iust have beeni dead many' months, there being only the skeleton left, excepting a por tion of'the, face.. "Hoehad lbeen dressed in a. blue serge: tailor-made coat . and grey striped trousers.: The' clothes were partially rotten., The deceased appea?ed to have been .a labourer about 40: years of 'age'; and abdut 5ft. 6in: in height. iHe had had apparently a ginger moust ache 'with about a :fortnght's growth of hair on his face.' The hair'on'the. head was dark, and turning grey. The Sbody was :lying face downwards, and tho right ,hand was. raised towards the head. Immediateiy under the throat n. ope:?razor--all rusty-was found, thus pointing to. suicide. The -remain (which only'- weighed ften pounds) were gathered u:p aniid brought into Northamn . b. y Constable H. M. Smithion. Thursday morning., ,An inquest was opened by Mr. S. Solomon, J:P.' and..a jur' o~ r three, and adjurned ii.ti the 15Sth inst. Fall from a Two-trey Window. Shortly after '1 o'clock this morning . was received -at"the Metropolitan: Fire Station. Thel, ilrm 'emanated from'.the Cremorne Hotel, where ,on the arrival of 'the ambulance :.it was- found 'a man named Geo.: Hendersoi had,accidentally fallen from one of the bedroom, windows of'the upper, storey of 'the biilding. 'The man was removed to .the Perth Public Hospital, 'where it 'was found that his * injuries included no broken bones, and sasmaq saae?s;-asTD euamos o3 psanmt Ie+ on the body.' Roman Catholic Church Services. There was no special service at any of the[ Roman` Catholic.- churches, as' with the ex.c'ption.of;the. midnight mass on Christhjas Eve the -liturgioel servico generally does not recognise late- niirt ceremonies. To-day. howover; being the Feast of the Circamcision, will be a holi-. day of obligation, and:-masses will be celebrat3i at 7, 9, and 10 o'clock, while at, the evening devotions a solemn' Te Deum.,will be recited at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception for the favour" and tlessings iteceived, during the' past year: 'At- St. Brigid's 'th nmornmg services will be similar to those on Sundayg viz.,;7, 9, and 11 o'clock. The Ormuz Immigrants.-By the R.M.S. Ormui which arrived at Fremai .tle yesterday, another": batch of im 'migrants'were landed. 'These 'co prised 34 .nominated' and 32 ; ,assist ` mni grants, the' latter bringi-itgh- tlihm capital' of over '£1,200. aind including 4 dpzmestics,' 6 farm hands,:4 agricultural Jistti 2 gardeners, 2 farimers, and'the rest children.. In addition ,there were two Anglo-Indians from Colo6hbo. who ' iin tend to settle on the lanid, Speaking in regard to the type of?immigrants in the mail boat, Dr. Dill ZMackay, who was also a passenger, r.rnarked yester day:-"We have 300 'immigrants for Australia in' the third-class. 'During the voyage, I have mixed; up with, them freely, and can confideitly say that' if men and women 6fothe-typ of.those'on board _are being :blroiightmnto the :Com monwealth, it :will:be] toIthe 'advanitage of the country. There has been no rowdyism, such as: som? of 'the: im migrants were' said to ilddulge in; and no drinking of any conse'uence. ;' en orally they.haye shown a .resourcefulness 'in entertaining each other with innocent .amusemi nts, which has been most ex emplaryY_. _ _ _._ ' Mr.~Anugust IKnapp `specialist in eye testing. mae bhe consulted daily at. the rooms, .25. arrack-street, : opposite! the Treasury. fours. 10 a m. to 5 p.m.- No agents. ' - The' Commercial Tailorihg' Company, , Greater Perth's Greatest Tailors. They are specialists, and handle nothing but tailoring. No low-p e garments- quality is their ideal. All designs exclusive. ·The accepted authority o0 correct dress. Extended terms (if desired). Hay-street (upstairs), opp. Zunpel's. : .Taufik Raad,'Phar. 'i.S., S .C.S.S.. the well-known Herbalist, whoi has-been es tablish'ed 'at 275 and -277, Murray-street. Perth for many ;years, ad a who recently returned frtcm'an ei"htg, mnths. tripn to. the old countries. mc~n nunwbe seen :per': sonallv at the abbove addires Suffeers? hould not1 miss the 'chance o?f seeioti h im , T el, l7 ., ~6- - • ?. . . : . i.._, ;? ? 