SoGial and Personal. '('Continued front page 10.)" Lady Alorgan will, 'on Wednesday after noon next, open the sale of Work at the Protestant Hall, in aid of the Anglican Foreign Alissions. Mr. T. IT. Brown has kindly consented to permit, the grounds at Merlhyr, New Farm, lo he used for thn holding of the Henley on jubilee day. lite general com mittee will meet on Atonday, when con sideration will be given to the various details. Miss Nellie Stewart arrived from the , south by mail train last evening, and is staying at the Gresliam Hotel. Misses Kihlilc, Ivy Lodge, Toowong arc entertaining a number of guests at afternoon tea to-day in honour of Aliss Doris Gill. Aliss Gludys Toop, New Farm, is en- lertaining a number of guests this even ing in honour of the approaching mar riage of Afiss Cossart. Airs. R. M. Gow returned from the south by llic It.AI.S. Ophir yesterday. Aliss Fanny Rosendorlf, who has been (lie guest of Airs. Logan, Pino View, Iv.il- coy, lias returned to town. Airs. Chas. Gougli, accompanied hv Aliss Finding, left by mail train this morning for Waratah. Newcastle, and Svdney. Air. C. Gougli is on a visit to Alelhournc. Aliss Jean Uolcomhe, Auchenflower, has returned from a visit to Sandgale. Tim numerous friends . of Air. Fred W. Butler-worth, of Collision, Clayfleld, representative ia Brisbane of Messrs. Scott, Alungo, and Co., flour merchants, will regret lo hear of the sad and sudden bereavement he has suffered by the death, of his wife, which occurred on last Tuesday. The ' dcocascd lady was appar ently in the best of health on Monday, and was preparing to attend the function at (lie Clayfleld Bowling Green in honour, of the visit of the Newcastle howlers, when she was taken suddonly ill, and medical advice had at once to bo sough t. She ucver "regained consciousness, except lor a moment before her ucalh. Air. l'.ut- Icrwo.rlh is well known in the city, ai.-d is a prominent and popular howler," and is one of the interstate selectors. 1-Jo is left with a family of rhree sons, John Fred., Harry, and Walter, the voung- esl being 10, to mourn their loss. Air. and Airs. Buttonvorlh were arranging for a trip to England next year. Deceased was a daughter or tile laic Mr. V',. Alclton, and came lo Queensland in the ship Agricola, in the year 1353. Her brothers are well known in the Brisbnne newspaper printing world, anil rank amongst our oldest and most respected colonists. The president and members of the Bris bane Club entertained a large number of guests at a delightfully arranged " at home last evening. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor and Lady Alorgan »'Ho were attended by Capt-ain Foxtou,' A.D.C., were present. The president (Mr. -J. Chapman) received tile guests at the entrance lo the reception room, which was charmingly decorated with howls of crimson carnations, watsonia, cosmos, and -stocks. During Hie evening a very enjoyable musical programme was contri buted. Airs. Gilbert Wilson sang /ardo s "To-night" and "The Garden of Khama' (Goertz), "April Alorn " and lostis "Goodbye," 1I«. last named be ing added as an encore. Aliss Vera Parker's contributions were the "Slave Song ' and "Absent." Air. Crisp snug 'Alary A dene;' (.J. Cape!) and " I had a 1> lower" (Kelly), and also joined Mr. Lambert in the duct, "Alerry Beggar." Mr. Lambert sang "Glorious Devon" and Down the Vale." Mr. Robert Kave 1 , s Hammond .successfully fined tun duties of accompanists. Many beautiful gowns were worn by the ladies. Lady Alorgan was in a handsome gown of black corded silk, with chemisette 0/ rucned net and scquined applique. Mrs. Chapman wore, a gown of -black chiffon talTela, with vest of ivory chiffon and touches of black. Miss Chapman chose a (town of azure charmeuse, with vest or folded chili on, defined with applique. Aliss Evelyn Chapman was in lavender moussc- Iinc, strapped wit.ii glace in darker tone. wi ,1 R 7n- Dwlllam's S'vn of peach Mi, led ci ystulline was strapped with panne. of silver sequins. Airs. G. C. Willcoeks wore black chenille spotted net, inlet with clinnlillv lace over a sap of ivory glace. Airs. Gilbert Wil son s direcloire gown of peach' satin char- metise was arrangud with vest of folded im olmiT 1' "! ttshroidcred with gold and oxidised silver. Aliss Emilv Bcirne tyus in „ dainty frock of piukrysiaT wiih .e,nl"re molie. the corsage defined mill belie rcscs. Mrs. E. IT. Alacart- ncy s gown or black luce was worn over ninon wilmi lS'i iC'iTai(i' K0W" r,loral muon, v.alc.1 m h aek Spanish lace. Airs. ' ' " Til out, black equal r stripe ninon over rose jnnk silk, the. bodice piped with cherry velvet. Airs. Rieardi,' buS Alvf v'tl!rV;!-nl7SEi 01 Jetted- tulle " ' E-- Ittle Illuo crystalline, m'- . . ''Esels net and applique. Miss Altinel Appel, ivory charmeuse veiled 111 Lmcricit lace, with bolero of silver ap)li(|iie. Aliss Alahel Brady, gown of ivory 11 essaline, with- square yoke of gold embroidered luce. Airs. J. A llalld3oi"e direotoire gown oi J'3 ,""t. over charmeuse, re- HL xr il l '"uelics of tangerine. Airs. Kuu'" of black striped mar quisette, with herlhe oi point lace. Others present Included Air. and Airs. IJ. T Berry, Mrs King, Air. and Mrs. Frank l-lall and Aliss Hall, Airs. Smvtli, Mr and Airs. J. p. Wilson, Air. and' Airs. J." Love, Hon. and Airs. A. A. Davey, Aliss Davgy, Mrs. Beyen (Ceylon), Air. and Airs. L. Af. Bond, Airs. G. J, Alason Airs and Misses Briice-Nicoi, Air. and Airs, w! 1 JIrs- Freeman. Air., Mrs and Aliss (Jiilni;., Airs. and Aliss Earle' V""- n- J';, and Ai'iss Dcnliam, Misses Darvall. Willcoeks (8),. Lucas, Love (a) Hainuaind, Annette sn„ \r,. FHIcher Airs. Richard son, All. and Airs. E. II. Pike Mrs. Fruser, Air. ami ARs. J. N. DaVov ' Mr. and Airs. Uyram, Air. and Mrs. Ai'ovv- A Nab, Dr. and Airs. E. T. White, Mr. Airs., and Aliss Ahercrombie, Air. and Airs J. Ireid, Hon. E. B. Forrest, Hon. T m ne!i'"','MMV?srs' E IL Macartney, J. T. Rolhwell, Robertson, Forth, Tail P J. La hey, Horstmann, Dr. J. Mowbray Thomson, and others. 1 [?] SOCIAL AND PEKSOHAL. Information concerning social events should reach this office not later than 2 p.m. on TUESDAYS nnd FRIDAYS. It is specially requested tb»t items lie promptly forwarded. Stnlo hews will not bo welcome. Notifications of matrimonial engagements must bo nttesled by responsible persons. It is expected that all marriages noticed in tills column will lie announced also in the usunl domestic advertisements, cash prepaid. All items of social news, or invitations to balls, "nt homes." or similar events, should be marked "Social." and bo addressed to tho "Editor," NOT TO ANY - PERSON BY NAME. Sir Arthur anil Latlv Blorgan were pre sent at the "at homo" given by the mem bers of the Brisbane Club Inst evening. (A report will be found in another column. Ladv Morgan came fo town on Thurs day 'night. Willi his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, .she will attend Ihe iWindsor fete this afternoon. The Hon. E. B. Forrest entertained several guests nt afternoon tea on Thurs day last, iu honour of BIr. and Jlry. Cyril Gunthcr. Blrs. Cowlisliaw, Blontpclier, will not he nt home this month, as she is paying a viisit to ltockhamptou. Archbishop Donaldson will give a garden parlv at Bishopsbounic 011 Satur day next, itlHi October, from 3.30 to S.30, at which the bishops of the pro vince, and Hie representatives in the provincial svnod will be present. No dnvilntious have been issued, but ladies and gentlemen attending are requested to present their visiting cards to the regis- itrar on arrival. Bliss Brontnall, Eastloigli, Coorparoo, iwill be "at home" on tlie third, fourth, and fifth Fridays iu Oelober, and not again during the summer months. Mrs. Digby Denluun, Ingleside, cnter- Haincd several, guests at afternoon lea on (Wednesday last. Bishop Frousham and Mrs. Frodsham arrived troc Townsville by the Wyreenia on Thursday last. Btrs. IV. S. Byrne entertained a num ber of guests at afternoon tea on Wed nesday last, when tho (lolls sent, in con nection with the competition, which she Las arrauged, were viewed. The prizes were won' as follows : Special, Blis-s K. AVillcocks ; first, Bliss Maty Tabart, ; sedond. Bliss Blary Casey. For fancy -dressed doilies, the prizes fell to the lot of Bliss Helga Anderson (special), with in charming Danish lady ; Miss B. Adnma '. i(firsli). with a Spanish dancer; and "tftliss Barfoul (second) , with an American j'Loon. s . .Captain and Blrs. Forrester, Corinda, \ ore visiting Sandgate, and arc staying at fiVilla Bfari'na. Mr. and Blrs. .J. D-. Storv shortly in- /jtentl leaving lor Sandgate, where tlioy tehave taken a house for several weeks. (MBlrs. -I. I). Campbell, Donatelio, will !\bo their guest for a time.. Hon. A. J. Thymic and Bliss Thymic tjcavo Londou in about a lorin.sh') for -(Queensland. , Mistress Kitty Bellairs, who will make (the acquaintance of Brisbane playgoers this evening, wears some magnificent, gowns, in the first act Ihe fascinating ladv dons a short- costume of pink, douched with tones or- blue brocade, the quaint panniers caught up with blue (ribbons and bows, with long train and court shoes. In tiic second act another wonderful confection is. worn under a cloak or oyster satin, with pattern of hold blurred roses, its liordor of black (kilted chiffon lined with pink kilt.ines, and -huge pink roses set at intervals. ,'i'lic frock is of stiff lavender satin, with design of lilac woven into tho fabric with tiny purple sequins. This forms the panniers nnd court train, fall ing over a petticoat or flounces of .real Irish lace, t-lio one side oE the gown catching up hunches of lilac blossoms. The ball-room costume is of apricot auoirc. woven with golden thread roses over which- falls a filmy gown of pink chiffon, applioucd with roses, tlie "cor sage arranges! with trellis design of golden head threads. Tlie travelling gown worn in the. last act is of mole velvet, with a smart mole bonnet. Tho members or the Clav/ield ..Tennis .Club entertained a number of" friends at a very well arranged euchre party at !tlie C'afu Eschenliageu on Thursday even ting last. Tlie committee of management included Sir. Bf. Brycc (captain), Miss IMahcl Trundle fvieeeaptain), Blisses Brown, aud Richardson, Messrs. .J. E. .Carter, A. Barber, and E. F. Trundle (lion, secretary). Among the players were BIr. and Blrs. J. J. Trundle, fllcsdames .IV. IVhyte, .Jones, KUdd, IV. H. Smith, Mr. and Blrs. Bliller, Blisses Bean, Dearu- aley, IVatsou, Chapman (2), Eden, Beantp !(2) Chalk, Thompson, Blonteliorc, Dur ham, Crooklanil, Coilin, Irene Camphell, Kahle, Raff, Bell, Tonk, .Jones, Col liers, Messrs. Gray, Trundle (4), Steph enson, Currie, Jack, Kahlc, Oxley (2), iVardcn, Crammoud, M'Gibbon, Frew, iRoss, Thompson, Higgius, anil others. TI10 prizes were presented iiv the captain j;BIr. BI. A. Brycu), and were won us follows : First, liiilic::, silver mirror, Bliss Earl ; second, silver vase, Miss .Stirratl. ; third, stud box, Blrs. U'liyte. First, gentlemen, silver mounted umbrella, "BIr. !A. Palmer ; second, serviette ring, BIr. Court ; third, stud box, BIr. J. Stephen son. Subsequently reircsluueiils were served. During tlie evening musical items were contributed by Miss Eden, Bliss jBrown, and BIr. Barber. Bliss I've r,on- "tlrihutcil a display of Indian club's, and a bouquet of flower:; was presented to her front the club. After an almoucc of about two years, Sirs. U. Geddes Crawford has returned ilo take up her residence in Brisbane. This lady, who was known in Queensland Several years ago, whoa siio was Bliss Summers, has since her last residence here, visited New Zealand, and at Roto- rua, Auckland, and other places, she de livered lectures and wrote, articles about Queensland. Later she e.nuo to Sydney, aiid in that city and oilier parts of New South Wales, slio occupied her spare tirao be lecturing 011 Queensland, and advocat ing its claims for .surplus population. For about Hi months aiie was residing in the Clarence and Richmond ami Tweed Rivor districts and oil several occasions also delivered lectures in various parts on .Queensland, and Queensland's attractions. She expresses lvcr firm belief' that manv of the persons she met, both in New Zea land ami New South Wales, have come, or will come to Queensland to take up land. She was chiefly inspired to do this toy her connection with the Patriotic League, which was formed by the late BIr. J. D. Campbell auil others some three years ago for the purpose of promoting immigration, and for a time Mrs. Craw ford acted as secretary. It may he re membered that Blrs. Gnddcs Crawford's "husband, who was a fairly well known journalist, was one of the victims in the great hotel fire at Wellington (New Zea land) a few years ago. The marriage of BIr, IV. II. BI'Guire, '"Duly son of the late BIr. IV. 11. BI'Guire, ArmMule, and Bliss Agnes BI. Wright ' (Sister Agnes of the BIcthodist Central Mission), daughter of Mrs. Wright. Orange Grove, Cahoolture, . was cele brated on Wednesday last nl Orange Grove, Caboolture, tlie Rev. G. E. Rowo officiating. The ceremony took place in tho picturesque summei house, which was covered with banksia roses. . Bfrs. U. A. Zillman plnycd the .wedding march. Tlie bride, who was given awav by licr brother-in-law (BIr. F. Dnhson).. wore a gown of crcme silk striped voile, in empire style, the draped bodice finished with silk applique ; an embroid- ered tulle veil was worn over a coronet of orange blossoms. She also wore a necklet and sapphire pend-nt, which, with her shower bouquet-, was the gift of tlie bridegroom. Miss Evelyn , Wright (sls(er) nnd the Misses Blay Dob'son anA Blilliccnt Black (nieces) attended the bride. Miss Wright wore « semi-empire gowil of crcme Sicilian, with blue lint swathed with tullo, and finished with ostrich feathers. Her gift from the bridegroom was a gold brooch set witli rubies. Tlie younger maids wore dainty frocks of white mous- .soline. and iaee, with early Victorian bonnets. They also wove pretty lacc pins, the gifts of the bride groom. Mr. IV. Uhliuan supported the bridegroom. Bfrs. Wright wore a black figured merv, relicvod with chantiily lacc; black bonnet. Blrs. F. J. tJobsoD Was in a gown, of blnck Sicilian, with rrctty floral hat. After the-cereinony the guests were entertained nt the wedding tea, served in a marquee, and the ' usual toasts were honoured. The guests con sisted of relatives and immediate friends. Lntcv BIr. and Bits. IV. IT. BI'Guire left for Branly and Toowoomlia, on the wedding lour, Hie latter wearing a gown of blue striped voile, in semi einpue style, tlie bodice having square yoke ' of point (1 'esprit,, defined with oriental applique ; smart blue hat- to harmonise. Blrs. Holmrs a'Courb lias issued invita tions for an nt home on Tuesday next. Bliss Bfarjorie Chard, or Hie Nellie Stewart. Comedy Company, is a daughter of Kate Chard, a vdry great favourito with Australian audiences." Bliss Marjorie Chard, before leaving London, was married to Mr. Langhorno Barton, a leading actor in the same, company. BIr. and Mrs. Lnnghorne Barton therefore practically are 011 their wedding tour. BIr. and Blrs. J. H. M'Conncl, Sliafs- ton House, ate entertaining a number of guests at a garden party this afternoon in honour of tlie. approaching marriage of BIr. Edgar Bl'Conncl and Bliss Bfurray- Pcior., Bliss Agnew, who lias been on a six months' holiday trip to Englaud and Scotland, will return by the' ll.BI.S. Or- tona. ' Miss Nellie Stewart lately proved in a practical manner that she- has quite grasped the meaning of the term "in per petuity," for recently she forwarded tlie. last £100 to complete the endowment of the Nellie Stewart cot at (lie. Mel bourne. Children's Hospital. This is hut one of Hie many kindlv acts which are characteristic of our Nellie. BIr. and Blrs. D. R. Bl'Conncl arc likely to leave Queensland within a few weeks for America. A farewell presenta tion to BIr. BTConne! will bo made at t-liij Sclioot of Arts Hall, this evening, by tho council, staff,' and pupils- of the Technical College, under his late director ship. Blrs. Long, the Range, Toowoomlm, is spending a holiday in Sandgate, and is staying at Villa Marina. Bliss Amv l'api. Tiaro, Brighton road, accompanied liv Miss Blabel Lloyd, ar rived by the IVyrcemn 011 Thursday. Mr. anil Bfrs. F. S. Goiigh, West End, have re-turned from' their wedding tour in Hie south. Blrs. Ernest Baynes returned to town bv mail train on" Wednesday after a short) holiila' in Sydney. Blisses Sydney .Jones have returned from a visit to the south. Blrs. W. Sweeney's friends, numbering ahout 20, entertained licr at a most en joyable nicnie at Sandgate on Wednesday last, prior to her departure from Bris bane by the Opliir to-day. A pleasant lime was spent, and during the day, games, Ac., were indulged in. Bliss. E. A. C'unningtan, Toowoomba, is spending a holiday with friends, and is tho guest of Mrs". T. G. Johnston, Sher wood. The employees oi -Messrs. BI'Donnell anil East arc holding a progressive euchre party ami social evening, in the Bris bane Gymnasium 'Mall, this evening. Blrs. IV. E. IV. T. Tremearnc, Toowong, entertained several guosts at afternoon tea 011 Thursday last. Blrs. R. S. Papprii! is due in Brisbane, next week, after spending two months' holiday iu New Zealand. Blrs. A. R. Peters, Alhurlo, Bowen Hills, will he at home on Tuesday after noon next, hut not in the. evening. Miss Haiikins, who lias been Hie guest of her »"' Mrs 1). Y. Fullertoii, South Brisbane, will return to Warwick to-day. A very pleasant gatlicriug took place at the establishment of Messrs. iiavard and Co., " drapers, South ilris- vhane, 011 Thursday evening last, when Hie staff of H10 firm, numbering 42, assembled to bid good-bye to BLr. J. It. Bayard, who is leaviug Brisbane to make 'an extended tour oi the world. The assistants presented him with a handsome case, of smoker's re quisites and a set- of gold links, with his monogram eugfavod thereon. BIr, Bayard responded in feeling terms, and said that lie would always prize tho gifts as coming from earnest and sincere fellow- workers, and heartily thanked the assis tants for their handsome presents. The members of the Souith Brisbane Croqtie.t Cluli entertained a number of guests at afternoon tea ou Thursday last, to witness tho interclub match. South Brisbane versus Clayfield, which resulted in a win for the former by 34 points. The .Smith Brisbane team ' in cluded Blusduincs. .J. Robinson and Rogers, Blurc Robertson, and J, a. Pihilp, while Clayfield was represented by Bfesdanies Noble, Bale, Amos, and Miss Kirk. Those present included Mr. and Blrs. J. Robinson, BIr. and Mrs. Scou- cul„ BIr. ami Blrs. Suiman, Mesdamcs G. R. Ryder. Armstrong. IV. Bulcock, A. Glover, de Orev (Blelhourne), Beirne., Bell, Robertson, Partridge, Ruddle Amos, Fish, Phll|>. F. Hall, Menrle, Rogers, Bale, Noble, I-Iart, Tait, L. BI. Bond. Harlan, Pike. T. W. Bouchard. Crichton, Turnniill. Grahatr, Tavlor Kidney, Bture-Kobertson, Misses Mount- castle, Bouchard. Gavin, Robertson, do Grev (Blelhourne), Taylor, Kirk, Burns, Lockitt, and Ganlcy. The marriage of Bfr. George Robinson, only son of Mrs. Robinson, of Evelyn street, Toowoomba, to Miss Alice Thom son, eldest daughter of Mrs. C. Thomson, of Anderson street, Valley, was solemn ised at the .Joyful News Mission on Wednesday afternoon, the Rev. J. 11. Johnson officiating. Tlie bride, who was given away by her brother, BIr, Albert Thomson, wore a gown of silk eolienne, with a hridal veil of Limerick lace and a coronet of orange blossoms. She was attended by two bridesmaids, Miss B. Thomsen and Miss G. Robinson, both oi whom carried shower bouquets and wore gold brooches, tlie gifts of tho bride groom. Miss Thomsen wore an Empire gown of cream crystalline, inlet with guipure, cream Victorian bonnet. Bliss Robinson was in a dnintv frock of blue crystalline, with a blue floral Victorian bonnet. BIcssrs. J. Harris (Toowoomba) and O. Thomsen attended as best man and groomsman respectively. Blrs. Thomson (mother of the bride) wore an 1 elegant gown of black silk, strapped witli : black glace, and a toquo to match. Blrs. ' Robinson (mother of the bridegroom) wore a pretty gown of brown silk grena dine, with folds of silk. The bride's gift to the bridegroom was a gold albert, and the bridegroom's to the bride a gold heart and chain. . After tho ceremony the guests wcro entertained at Webster's cafe, where, the wedding breakfast was served. Subsequently the party, pro ceeded to the Caledonian ropms, whexo dancing, interspersed with musical items and games, was indulged in. Later BIr. and Mrs. George Robinson left for their | future home in Toawoontba. Bliss Blaric Collins is spor.d1hg several weeks at Villa Blarina, Sandgate. Blrs. M'Noill arrived from Rockhainp- ton this week, on a visit to friends. Mrs, IV. E. Robertson has returned to town after a round of visits to friends in Warwick: Blrs. Ravenliill, wlio has been visiting the north, passed through this week by the tVvveema for Sydney. Mrs. F. G. Annand, Hamilton, is visit ing Toowoomba, anil is tlie guest of Blrs. T, G. Robinson, Camby. Miss J. Dodwoll. Ycronga, who lias been visiting Ipswich, lias returned to town. Tlie president and committee of the New Farm Bowling G'lub have issued invita tions to witness the match between New Farm and Newcastle on their green, -on Friday, lath October. Blisses Elsie and Enid IVhyte, South Brisbane, who have been 011 a round oi visits lo relatives and friends in Mel bourne, are expected in return at the end of the inontli. - BIr. and Mrs, Jl'Crao (.Svdney) are iu town, and are slaying ah the Gi'esham Hotel. Mrs. aud Blisses IVh'itchill, New Farm, have issued invitations for a euchre party. Bliss Lucas, who has been the guest, of her relatives, Bfr. and Mrs. .James Chap man, Gregory terrace, intends returning to Rockiiampton next week. BIr. and .Mrs. (.'obbold (TownsviUe'j, who have been staving at the Gresham Hotel for some weeks, left by the Nikko Blaru for a visit to Japan and England. Bfrs. Cowie, and BIis.-.i Cowie, Kan garoo Point, have returned from a 'visit to the north.. ariss Martha' Burns, Hope Mansel, New Farm, intends shortly ho leave for a holi day visit to Blelhourne. 