NOTES AMD COMMENTS. . ? ? ? Mr William Corby, a well-known agricul turist in the Cootamundra district, died on Monday, aged 77. Crops which were eaten back by sheep are stooliug out well in the Corowa district, and the growth Is healthy and promising. At Walla Walla station recently 147 foxes were killed by the laying of poisoned fat, pinched into pellets with a bullet mould. The Bovril Estates, Ltd., is considering the question of erecting itB freezing and canning works at Port Darwin, instead of Western Australia. From September 1 next it will be Illegal to bag wheat, oats, maize, potatoes, onions, and fruit in second-hand manure bags. A penalty of £10 is- provided. An association has been established at Bris bane for the purpose of encouraging the pro duction of «ilk. At Caboolture, a number of Danish women have not only raised the Bilk, but have1 woven the thread into shawls. The export boned beef trade of New Zealand, consisting mostly of culled dairy cattle, is now practically at an end, owing to the rigidity of the London regulations and the stringent ex amination in the Dominion. This class of meat is now canned. It is estimated by the Pathologist of Victoria that stinking smut costs the State £50,000 a year- It has been proved that infected crops are oaly grown from infected seed. He hoped that an immune seed would be produced as the result of experiments now in hand. ? On Coree station, near Jerilderie, some splendid crops of amber cane and wheat have been grown with the aid of water from Yanco Creek, which passes through the property. The wheat crops. have yielded as much as six bags to the acre, and last year the cane reached a height of 10ft. ? . ' . The demand for land In the Gilgandra dis trict shows no decline. Buyers are coming in from all parts, but sellers are not num erous, especially in view of the prospect of a magnificent harvest. There are crops in the districts which are found impracticable to feed off, being already 2ft high. There will be much speculation in wheat this season. Already buyers are out, and farmers are being offered in some of the wheat districts 3s 9d a bushel for the crop as .It stands. As most men expect four bags to the acre, offering this price now shows how keen competition is among buyers. Thomas Mendham is at present harvesting a splendid potato crop on his property on the' Blayney- Nevllle road. He has 50 acres tinder potatoes, which are yielding 10 tons to the acre—goOO bags in all. The bulk of the crop are fine, white tubers, estimated worth £4 a ton. This is the first crop off this land. Land boards are continually being applied to for permission to erect wire-netted, fences and gates on public roads. In addition to the fences erected by such' permission many others, it is stated, are put up without any sanction. Several farmers' unions have adopted an ag gressive, altitude, and believe it is in ' the . power of the unions to forcibly remove ob structions from public roadB. About eight or ten years ago land, within a few miles of the river Murray was sold at from £3 to £3 10s; now similar land sells freely at £7 10s to £8. The Improved value has been brought about by the keenness of W. . torlan buyers. Parliament having approved pf the purchase of Coreea estate, in all about 20,000 acres will be available for selection in November next. At the agricultural conference at Latrobe, Captain Evans, the ex-Premier, said that the action of New South Wales regarding pota toes was in effect a measure of protection to the producers of that State, and a violation of the spirit of the federal compact. Mr. Nicholas said that 800 bags of potatoes sent by Devonport and Burnie to Syduey were condemned there and returned as diseased. These potatoes were put into new bags and reshipped to Sydney, and were then passed by the EaineJ inspector as fir6t-class, and realised good prices. Speaking at Tiniaru, N.Z., Dr. Hilgendorf, of Lincoln College, said that farming was less profitable no?/ than it had been, and many farmers would be better off if they sold their hoidings and put their money out at interest. It should, he said, be tho aim to alter this state of affairs, and one very good way to do it would be by the appointment of agricultural instructors, who would show farriers how to treat the soil properly and get more out of it. Some South Canterbury farmers imported from Australia last season a quantity of vel vet wheat. It has been sown, and is now making vigorous growth, easily surpassing in appearance the New Zealand wheat of the same name sown at the same time. Mr. J. A. Lambert, of Kaituna, N.Z., has been making a determined effort to induce the Government authorities to attempt the intro duction of the European swallows and swifts into New Zealand. Mr. Lambert is convinced that the swallows, which do not touch grain, would be invaluable as a means of restoring the balance of Nature and keeping down the insect pests that are now so detrimental to the producer; and, in furtherance of his ob ject, he has communicated with the Govern ment authorities in both New Zealand and Australia. Mr. Lambert brought the matter up before the Marlborough A. and P. Associa tion, and it was decided to recommend the Minister of Agriculture to introduce these birds. ? ? Messrs. Weaver and Glasson, Limited, Queen-street, Brisbane, conducted the opening sale by public auction of Mondure Estate, at Wondal, on Wednesday, 21st ult. There was a very large attendance of buyers. Up to the time, of reporting 25 blocks of the first sub division and several blocks of the second sub division were sold at highly satisfactory prices, the average so far being £4 16s per acre. A large number of .buyers are now in specting with a view to private purchase. The fact that in a great many instances prices realised at auction were from 5s to 12s 6d per acre higher than the vendor's reserves indicates that the upset values placed on tho land are . reasonable and attractive. Further more, the terms are exceptionally liberal. A case which came before the Wagga Land Board last week served to illustrate what may be done in this country by thrifty and ener getic farm labourers. One of the applicants for a selection was a lad between IS and 19 years of age. It was shown in evidence that while workine as a farm labourer the appli cant had saved sufficient money to buy farm horses, costing in the aggregate £71, and that he still had £60 cash in hand. During har vest time he had received 35s per week and his keen for driving five horses in a' stripper; whjlie ploughing he received 25s, and for the : rest of the year 20s per week and keep. 4, . member . of the board remarked that if the Premier would have a report of this case printed and circulated in England there would be no difficulty in securing desirable young men of the farm labourer class as immigrants; the trouble would then be to keep them away. One resident of the district intimated that he could place at once 10 young men of this type at 25s per week. The comment has been made that there is no other country in the world where a boy could have done what this appli cant had done In the course of a few years as a farm labourer. . . . Mr. M. H. : Reynolds, inspector of Agricul ture, with headquarters at Orange, recently visited the wheat plot In the Molong district, which was selected several months back to experiment several varieties of wheat suitable for the district, and also with man ures. He states that Bunyip and Comeback had so far produced the most prolific growth. Ne^t to these came Bobs and Federation, about equal, and lastly the farmer's variety, Pioneer. , The two former wheats are early maturing, and generally make good growth at beginning of season. He adds that this is no criterion as to their relative grain yielding, but' Bunyip and Comeback are more valuable in providing green stuff, The manured plots, with superphosphate at the rate of 561b to the acre, have produced about an equal growth with the plots of superphosphate (421b) and sulphate of potash (141b) to the acre. There is a very noticable difference between the manured and unmanured plots, which is alto gether in favour of the former. Black oats are noticeable to a small extent, but will not appreciably affect the value of the plot. In spector Reynolds has been invited by several agriculturists to visit their places to give them advice as to certain matters. He is also anxious to establish another plot midway be tween Molong and Cudal. 