The. Briton and the Scandinavian (For the 'Sunday Times.') Some adverse comment lias boen mnuo on the announcement that the Immigrants whom the Salvation Army are to Intro duce here will be selected In Northern Europe, particularly Scandinavia. Are not our own kltli and kin as good men, It Is asked, as Danes and Swedes and Nor wegians, atid la it not our duty, us some return tor the protection .Britain gives us; , to help hor to dispose of her surplus population ? Tho answer to this is, t'hat us a settlor on the land, the modern Briton . Is not so good a man as tho Scandinavian. While only about ono In twenty-two of tho In habitants of thu United Kingdom lives by .agriculture and kindred pursuits,, '. eight in every twenty-two , of tho Inhabitants ? of Denmark. Sweden, and -Norway do so, Tho flrst-uamed little country alonoj with , not much over the third of the population of London, has . nearly, as many -people 'on tho land' as has England Itself. The three Scandinavian Kingdoms together have over 4,000,000,; against some 2, G00, 000 In all Great Britain and Ireland. . ' In tho United States. Norsemen aro; reckoned the best ot'ail Immigrants.. Only 'ten per cent Bcttlo-ln the cities, arid ' ninety, per cent on .tlio' sol). To them is. largely owing tho rupltl development', ot. tho great north-west of the republic. Tho bulk of tho British,' oh ,'thb contrary, pro pter tho town life to' which they liavo boon accustomed. ? 1 As tlio annual Increase of tho homo farming population cannot be much over 26,000 a year, It. se'emo incrodlblo that., as reported, 20,000 .immigrants c! I1'1' class can bo obtained for the Commonwealth, evcn.lt deduction be made for a tew hun dred domestic servants Tyhq do riot 'bo- long io It. ' Considering the attraction London and other largo towns always ex1 crclse, In splto of depressions', and how. our rivals have scoured the country for years , Jo. get .h'old/of just this' sort ot- imnilgraiit, oven 10,000 would be a won^' derful number io (lnd ready to come this way. Only 'a- year- or two ago,- out of 2300 ' applicants' for assisted passages to New South . Wales, but ,35 could bo ac cepiod. - 'Tho rest .wero hopeless,' was the report.- Ono cannot, help suspoctjlng that tho;'' advent to the- field ' of the $al vutlon. Army 'has sdmethlhc ,to do wlth the qulclieneil appjrehenslbn ; of our' .'Stule ' ofllco in .London, as io . what' can. bo/done in tho .. JmmiKration- way,, and that, tho pionocrlng efforts of a- goodly proportion 'of the 20, 000,', were they- landed Infeydncy and Molbourn'e, would be cpriflneff to the ncVghh.orhofid .of.. th'uHC, cities. .. ( .. .. As to it .being our duty to rolfevo Bri tain of part of her .surplus; population, perhaps this Is true., liut sh -t has no 'surplus of . 'farm - laborers or div.r.cstlc ser vants. Of .tho former sho has' no moro than .enough; The latter are j so scarce In count,r-- districts that of lato years there has beon a considerable Importation of Danish domestic servants into Soot-] land, chiefly for , farm-houses.' Britain has no reason lo feel obliged to us foi1 tnklng.away the pick of her peoplo from a ?physical point of view. . What sho would thank us for would be the taking away of a million or so of her town_nneyuployed and her educntod proletariat.' But, tlion, theso aro precisely the sort of imtaiffrants we don't waul. Of the former Avo havo quite enough, and of tho latter, ^ifr educa tional system is turning out sufficient to supply ofllclal? for tho British Empire.— ANGLO- AUSTRALI AN.. , 