ON THE LAND farm, field, and ORCHARD FOR AGRICULTURISTS, HORTI CULTURISTS, PASTORALISTS, AND GARDENERS. Heavy cattle, such as shorthorns, no matter how well tliey may be fed, are unsaited to poor, hilly situations. Inferior milking ewes are found in every breed of sheep and flock. It is a bad quality, more of individuals than hroAtl. The farmer is entitled to the best of everything — that is, provided he farms intelligently and works as hard as he should. By placing' a foreign body, such as a pebble, n the animal's mouth, under neath the tongue, many a jibbing horse will start off quite cheerfully. .Ewes that do not seem to be suck ling healthy, robust lambs, should be marked, ana later on culled out along with their lambs. Every flockowner can rest assured that he has plenty of room for im provement, no matter how well or how long he has been directing special at tention to improving his Sock. In Holland horses are fed the follow ing daily rations with great success: Oats, 131b; hay, 661b; straw, 8.81b. The wheat area of the British Em pire extends to about 36,000,000 acres. In Europe 47 per cent, of the total is found in Russia, while in the British Empire India accounts for 62 per cent. ' , Soundness of staple is always met with if a sheep has enjoyed good health during , the growth of the fleece, and there is no better indica tion of sickness than that given by the fleece. 1 Almost all of our lands need phos-; phoric acid.This constituent is present! in small, amounts in the majority of our soils, and it needs to be supplied j liberally for best results where fer tilisers are used. There is no better way to grind food for the pig, if his pigship's health and longevity are considered, than to make him grind it himself. The importance of the pony as a fac tor in light horse breeding 'and for pur \- poses of crossing has been much insisted upon in recent years. Always use well winnowed oats' in feeding horses, and fresh wheat bran, sprinkled with diluted molasses, occa sionally. Salt is also very helpful. Never make your colts or horses face ^^_^_«rblank, dark wall all the time while' in the barn. Give them plenty of light; it is better for their eyes. _If a horse avoids whole grain his need looking after. Have them vfiled at once. Don't bungle -the job; get a man who understands the busi ness. . f ~ ? There should be no smoking about where the milking is done, or about the milk at .any time. Milk absorbs the bad qualities of tobacco smoke quick ly. To increase the milking properties of a farmer's' herd is certainly a very im portant work. If by selection and im provement nine cows can be made .to yield the milk which twelve ordinary ^specimens give, the food and the room -of the three animals are saved. The average return per cow at the Weraroa experimental dairy farm, New Zealand, is £12 18s 5d. The ave rage yield per cow was 70001b of milk per annum, and the butter fat yield was 2901b per cow. In a recent test in Denmark of 42.116 cows, the average was 67421b of milk and 2881b of but ter fat; but the Danish test is based oii a' much greated number of cows. The tendency of sows to eat their young is caused by their being fed food that is too concentrated, or by a lack of exercise. A mixture of bran and ground oats, with some roots or grass fed previous to farrowing will prevent this unnatural desire. Farm animals should be fed accord ing to their needs. Their, needs de pend, of course, upon the product that they yield. Work horses are kept for supplying energy, and should be sup plied with feeds that ?will furnish the Tequired energy at the least possible (Cost, all things considered. 'The cow whose milk is greatest in quantity is not necessarily the most profitable of all in a herd. This has always been true in reference to herds whose milk was made into cheese or gutter in the farmer's own dairy, and ;it may soon be true of herds whose milk is sold in the trade or sent to a \--creamery. It is stated that in New Zealand and Australia the value of skimmed milk for pig-feeding is usually put -do Win at 3rd per gallon, and whey at Id. Even then it is held by some that the chance of getting this value Tjack through the pigs depends very much on the skill of the pig-keeper. Xt giyes some pleasant encourage ment, therefore, to find that in Ire land the value of skimmed milk fed to pigs has been definitely ascertained to be 2d per gallon. Such an estimate ? will surprise daixy farmers of Austral asia, and may stimulate the demand €or State experiments in pig-raising. With the progress of pasteurising in relation to the milk and whey foods, -the question of the proper methods of -pig-feeding is likely to attract in -creased attention. In the green isle -the pigs which were fed on milk, meal, and potatoes matured in three months, while those from whom the milk was withheld took five months to reach the same stage. The latter also con sumed 5201b of food to produce 1001b .of live weight, as against only 3821b : required -where milk was added. ' A case which came before the Wag _ ga Land Board last week served, to a 'lustrate what may be done in this country by thrifty and energetic farm laborers. One of the applicants for a selection was a lad between 18 and 19 years of age. It was shown in evi l dence that while working as a farm laborer the applicant had saved suffi cient money to buy farm horses, cost ing in the aggregate £71, and that he still had £60 cash in hand. During liarvest time he had received 35s per week and his keep for driving five horses in a stripper ; while ploughing lie received 25s, and for the rest of the ] rear 20s per week and keep. A mem-] her of the board remarked that . if the Premier would have a report of this case printed and circulated in Eng land, there would be no difficulty in securing desirable young men of the farm laborer class as immigrants: the trouble would then he to keep them away. One resident of the district in timates that he could place at once ten young men of this type at 25s per week. The comment has been made, that tliefp is no other country in the world where a boy could have done what this applicant had done in the ''urse of a few years as a farm -laborer. Gooseberry culture is one of the rmost profitable branches of the fruit growing- industry in Golorado, and in connection with picking the berries a novel process is adopted. Pickers of the fruit complained of tlie thorns, but some of the more progressive growers have overcome this difficulty. The fruit is gathered with rakes, at about one-fourth the cost of hand picking. Then the berries are put through a fanning mill, when j-ou liave nice, clean fruit, with the small ber ries bv themselves, a result which can not be accomplished by the handpick ing method. Nothing is said as to the effect on the trees of gathering the fruit with rakes. Sheep prices are high just now in America ; they are low enough in Eng land, goodness knows. A semi-famine is announced from over the water, and neither lamb not mutton is likely to j grace the tables of the common people for some time to come. Colorado-fed Mexican lambs sold at 37s per cwt at Chicago recently, and the price is still going up. This establishes a new re cord, and means that the dressed mut ton is scheduled to go to prices pro hibitive to most people'. With custom ary perversity the American public clamor for mutton more lustily the higher it goes. The supply is now the shortest it has been for years at this time, and it will be more than a month before the southern lambs will be available. j From tests made by the Queensland Agricultural College, it has been con clusively proved that seed potatoes which have been sprouted before plant ing have come up more evenly and' have given better returns than seed which had not sprouted before. In Ireland, also, many trials have recently been carried out m respect to potato growing in many of the counties, and the results confirm the advantages to be gained by sprouting potatoes before sowing. In the tests made in Ireland the potatoes sprouted in boxes, .being for the main crop of late varieties, there was an average increase in the yield of two tons per acre from sprout ing, and in every county the average showed more or less of an increase. During several seasons the increase doe to sprouting ranged from 1£ to 2J tons per acre. This is strong testi mony in favor of the slight extra trouble of sprouting potatoes before sowing them, and many farmers should bear this in mind when the potato planting season again comes round. The whole business of sheep-farming in Southern Italy has undergone a complete revolution during the last 50 years. The number of sheep has largely dimiuisted. Mutton is not a favorite meat with the natives, and the opinion is expressed that it is doubtful if anything could be done profitably by way of introducing Black faced sheep from the United Kingdom. Some of. the large landowners formerly imported rams (generally Lincolns) for improvement in size and wool. There are now 250,000~clairy cattle in the North Coast districts of New South Wales, and more than 500,000 in the whole coastal area, of which 120,000 are on the South Coast, 150,000 in -the district of the Hunter and the Manning. The total number of dairy cattle is 775,491. . The butter production in New -South Wales in ten years' increased from 31,500,000 to 61,500,000 lb, and bacon and hams from 7,000,000 to 9,000,000 lb. ~ At a conference of dairy men in Winnipeg it was announced that cattle in Manitoba increased from 60,000 in ?1881, to 350,000 in 1901, and 430,000 at tne present time, while those mar keted in Winnipeg during 1908 showed an increase of 70 per cent, over the number in 1907. . Not only is the num.* ber increasing, but the qualify is im proving. Taking the Winnipeg stock yards, 170,008 head passed through them in 1908, against 100,200 in 1907. Of these,- 91,045 passed on to British or other markets as exporters. The total live*- stock of the province is officially returned at 169,905 horses. 409,785 cattle, 16,925 sheep, and 120,364 pigs. _ Tlie increasing use. of artificial fer tilisers in South Australia is referred to by the chief inspector, who esti mates that during the twelve months ended June last the quantity used by producers was 80,000 tons, of which it I is believed 76,500 tons we're for cereal i crops which Trill be reaped at the end! of this year. The balance of 3500 tons: was distributed among orchardists and gardens. The quantity deposited with grain is put down at 801b per aero, which is regarded as a fair aver age. This indicates that ah area of 2,100,000 acres has been manured. The increase has grown from 3000 tons on 60,000 acres in 1897 to 44,500 tons on 1,000,000 acres in 1903. and 76,500 tons on 2,100,000 acres in 1909. 