BERRIMA DISTRICT SHOW. The twenty sixth annual show of the 1! rrima District A. H. .nd I. Socify. which waa opened at Moss V»l« on Thurs day lait, an.l was continued on Friday and S.tutday, was fivoied throughout with ideal weather. Very liberal paltonac,e wbb be stow, d, and financially the exhibition was a urtal succc«a. On the first day the ukinga ... ? j ._ j»ll 1C. OA Tim npcnnd d&v; aitracwd an assemblage of fuly3500 peop c, «iid th- git« ukings amounted 10 £152 Is, whi-h was six shillings belter than the second day last year. 1 lie third day's gate takings amoun ed to £39 3s, which established . rtcurd for the concluding d,jr. The total ga'e takings were £203 2s 6d. b The show was officially onen.d .va Than d.y nfiernoon by the Hon. t. W . Fuller, II H.R., who was introduced by Mr. J. A. Bidet ry, the prceident of the s'.ciety. Mr. Foller, in the course of a very able «ddn*s, 6ist congtatnUted the society on il« excellent eihibi-.ion, and then touching on matveis of a political nature, Le Mid thai uilwatlo Ihe man on the land .nd the primaiy prndnoen that all their wealth and protpeiity was due. their burden of taxation ?hoold be made as light aa p .ssible. Every noiiible faci.ity and encouragement ehonlJ be given people lo settle on tbc lana so ae ro produce a lace of ttnrdy men and women, lor it would be lo *uch ihat the safety of Australia would ultimately depend. He touched opon the declining birth r«te and referred to the necesiity for immigiation. re marking that if they were to nsuisu - while race in this great continent, with its large area and co.af.ioe of S030 n»!e«, they moat have a larger popul tion. To get tba. popuUiion quickly enough for effective de feniive pnrpose» they must hive immigra tion, and lh tconldon1ybeei.conagedb.ven ablioc people to go on the land, and there find homra and rear '.milies tor .he fninre de fenne of the country. Anilralia was a great country— one worth fighting f or— and if tbey. «i.hrd to hold it and to pieierve a while race they must be prepared to defend it He referred to the eiee'lence of the school ex bibiu, and taid that it was etrHenl the work qI (t-Q COmmiSSlDDCn, MUU .cic rtuk iv Europe and Americi some years sgo lo re port upon the instruoiionaltysems of those £oumr.ee, was beginning to b.ar goo I frniu Technictl cinoatiun had received an impetnn, and tome of ita runlu were to be teen theie that day. Another important step wa« the establifhiient of a department of amcnl tore, with whioh it was proposed to etablisth achairofagricultoreat the University, and to roone--t the primary schools, technictl schools and colleges with the University, and by a system of bursaries to enable the sons c.f firmers to ob'ain, at bat little cost, a thoroughly scientific agricultural ednca tion. He had much pleasure in declaring the show open. . , A rote of thanks to Mr. FulerwascimeH k» .m.Ufnatinn on the motion of the Presi dent The show generally »as not w attrartire as many of iu predecessors, and in the lire stock eeclioo th« compeUaon wu not « keen. This cannot be attributed to soy bolt of U» tociety, which U not by«iy nwus «»*ing m popalsrity. but dlreoUy lo LTonlawsfile wa-o. tnt ioetey. how- «er, conM eerUioly pake th. ahow more -tSLiiirabT offering belter induoements to .nnrro'nf ~— ^l.int «t«» that UWK WU no Z^HSH'-Ai jmuA »d .he ohOdm In «e»«QMno» wer» deprived of much of tb«lr«so»l»njoym«ot. AWliag cfflB tteBPtnpeUtloo was nonce abbln^l^»e^^'JJ«^-». there were son«»iyfin««xhihlts, Agood exhibition ol jBmjini w BJren ly Mr. MoColl's Highland Liddie and Mr. J. Chittick's Aid-de-Camp, by whom the first and second prizes in the grand jumping con test were secured. The high jump, which took place on the third day, was rather a poor display ; in fact it resolved itself into a contest between Mr. McColl's team of three jumpers, and the height reached was only 5ft 4in. The tandem jump was a splendid event, and created a good deal of amuse ment. In this item the only accident of -the show occurred, Mr. C. Clark, of Robert son, in negotiating one of the jumps got into difficulties with his horses— the one he was driving cleared the railing round the ring and made up amongst the spectators, while the other he was riding made over the hurdle and in the ' mix up ' Mr. Clark was thrown heavily. He was badly shaken and took enmo rim* to recover, while as a result of the occurrence several ladies fainted. Another attractive item was the stock horse trial, which was won by Mr. Nelson, -of Kangaroo Valley. The hunting contest resulted in a win for Mr. H. Wilson's Bonnie Lad, while the first and second prizes in the district hunting contest went to Mr. ]. Chittick. Mr. J. R. Smith, of Bowral, was the most suc cessful exhibitor in the draught classes. Though the exhibits were not very numer ous, some excellent quality was in evidence in the cattle seotion. Mr. J. T. Maynei aeenrea me cnampion ncooDs tor oeat wu.. and belt cow in the show, while he shared with Mr. W. R. Hindmarsh a large numbe of the prizes in the clones {or daily cattle. Messrs. H. Wilson and R. W. Moses were also successful. Nearly all the prizes in Ayrshires were aecnreu uy juesars. u Brooker and A. Yates, the former being the most successful. rhe first prize for the grand milking con test was won by Mr. J. T. Hayter, with Mr W. K. Hmdmarsb second. The follow ing arc the particulan of the contest :-J. T. Hayter 1. 26ibs mi;k, test 4.0, l.lSlbs commercial butler fat; W. R. Hiodmareh ?2, lTlbsmilk, teat 4 8, O.957lbs batter fat ; \V. R. Hindmarsh 3, 191b. mi:k, teat 4.4, 0 9501bs bnlter fat ; J. 1. H.yter 4, 28 lbs milk, test 3.U, U.VIUiDs Duller mi. The sheep section was alto represented y some very-gnod quality, and the judges spoke most highly of the exhibits. The most prominent prize winners were Messis. F. H. Ihroaby, H. F. Marr, \V. T. Ccwley, T. J. Sherwin, and H. O. Carter. A section was provided in the schedule for poultry, but the entries were so poor that it was struck ont. A very attractive item in the ring on the first dty was the sheep dog trial, in which ihere were four competitors. A good exhibition was Riven by the dogs belonging to Messrs. H. 0. Carter and i. Veo, both showing wonderful intelligence in their A vary creditable display was made in the p.viliou, where Ihe competition was keen in most of the seoiions. Conspicuous was an exceptionally fine collection of farm produce, cereals, &&, exhibited by Messrs. Prevost Bros., of Meryla. which occupied the whole of the eastern end of the buiiuiog and which formed the subject forg-nerai aimiratioo. , . One of the mast interesting and pleasing features cf the show was a comprehensive non competitive display of school work from the echoo.s ct ine uowm District, ii comprised exhibits from about thirty achooU, iucludiog the bigger schoo-, such as Bowral, Moss Vale, and'Mitugong, down to the sraillest lull-time sch'-.'1'. li pre sented a very -tlra';;,e appearance when viewed UB^bleou the wills and benches ot inc annexe lo the pavilion, bul it uecdvd a cloter inspection altogether to arrive at a true idea of the value of the exhibit. One nrominent feiiuro was the di-play cf manual training woik. A complete and graduated course of manual training was demonstiated bv the exhibit to auic pupils at every stage in their school life, vi. : (1) paper weaving, (2) paper folding, (3) paper cntuog, (4) cardboard work, (5) wool work. TbU graduated course was varied in eoms schools »i evidenced by splendid exhibits of fret work, basket work, rope work, chip carv jnz macrame work, bent iron work, to. Now mat the highest eduo.tional .ulhorities of all civilised countries art impressed with the value of manual training in the educa tion and development of the cbilrl, it must be satisfactory to parents lo find that the teachers of the district, at evidenced by the .rhiliit «ri- ouite uD-to date in this par ticular. Another big section of ihe exhibit was a large number of specimens of ait wrrk as uught in our schoo-s. It com prised flowers (from nature), and designs uued on them for linoleums, plates, uks. b.iok covers, borders, ic. A number of post cards, excellently done, formed a pleasine part of this woi k, whilst there were £!:' a number of sketches to illustrate suries read by pupils. 1 here were aUo numerous specimens of ornamental writing, exercise books, copy books, ic, whi e a splendid collection of seuinfr, useful a..d fancy lorniei by no me»ns the loast inter esting pan of iho exhibit. It n.ight be mentionci that the space available for the display cf the work was altogether iosnffi cent, with the consequence lhaltbespeci „,«„. .him had to be crammed so olose together that the nvritsof the display could not be so well appreciated by the public as would have been the cast had more bench room been provided. It would he well for the show committee to remedy ih'is on future occasions. This was one of the most interesting features of ihe pavilion pirt of the show, and proved a great draw, and it would certainly repay the committee to give up a good position in the main pavilion next year for the purpose. The exhibit was arranged under the auspice* of the Bowial Distiirt Teachers' Association, .nd the organising details were earned uut by the hon. secretary, Mr. J. T. w ilscn. Another feature of Ihe schools1 pivilion was the fine competitive displays of agricul tural produce by the pnbl.c schools of Moss v.i» button Forest, Myra Va'.e, and Elm wood, and » non competitive exhibit of cereals by the District School, Bowral. Moss Vale was awarded fi.st prixe, Sotton Forest second, and Myra Vale ibird. Both Moss Vale add Snl'on Forest had remarkably fine exhibits. Mr. Nixon, the judge in the wmcnltaral section, speaking of me exhibits of cereals by the tchodls, said tfait he had rarely seen finer specimens, particularly as rfSardB oats ; they were quite good enough to exhibit in any part of the Slate and in any cempany. It may he mentioned that the agricultural produce eihihited here will form the major portion of a combined exhibit from ihe schools of the Bowral District at the next Royal Show. Sydney. Besides winning the above prize. Muss \ ale « as also awarded second psizs to Prevost Bros, for collection of farm produce and also first prize for collection of potatoes against .11 -£.««». beatinc Prevost Bros, in that ^The'omcUU canied out their duties wilh complete satisfaction to all concerned, and they all worked in unison. Mr. L Cullen, ihe teeretary. officiated with his cnstom.ry oourtety. and discharged his numerous sad rospoTsible duties energetically and capably. TheMosa Vale band rendered selections on S. 'tlcfnd day. Mr. K. Aland had the nublicau's booth on the ground, while the judges' and stewards' luncheons weie pro vided by Mrs. rifeg. Part of the prize list appeared » oar Jut iwe/and the following are ihe additional awards:— Section l.-H08srs. . t Jodaes: Draught and mlscellaneonjlieaTy, M^ars. T, 'Spbsoo and J. X Hewn.. Blood and light boma, Menm J.Rodd and T. V. Btomfield, Steward*, »'??? F. A. Barfgerj. J. W. (^onlnghsan. F. B. Bassingthwaighie, and P. Baagery. deacoiit. Filly. 1 year and under 2 G Btmie 1, J TCoT«JuT«nder 12 month. AY.te.1, J FoS'b^oU RoyJW. ^«UU by Mr JJFJook A Site, land S JO8CELLAKE0US. Pair firm plough horses J R Smith 1, A Yates T! and S Draught gelding John Cox 1, A Yates 2 Active farm horse J R Smith 1, A Yates2 Foal by ' Lord Roberts' (specials by Mr E Eentwell. first £2 2s. second £1 1', Ihird 10s 6d) J M'Pnenoa 1, F E busing thwaighte 2 Sprina oart horse Barrengarry Dairy Co 1, J W Osborne 2 . Fair lorry hones' J R Smith 1, A Yates 2 ? ' All- ronnd hone C S M'Coll 1 and 2 Single buggy hone C S M'Coil 1, Nethsry Bros 2 Pair buggy horses Nelson Bros 1, J X Maynes 2 Family buggy horse J W Osborne 1, C ^iau z Lady driver, special 21s by Mr. Bassing hwaigh-.e Mrs Muriel M'Carlhy 1, Miss Wood h c Pair ponies, not exceeding 14 h»nds Nelson Bros 1, S F Osborne 2 Eleven-stone hackney C S M'Coll 1 and 2, F U Alley 3 Weight Cdrryinehsckney, special 21s by Ctptain Wilson J Chittick Cob not exewding 14 2 hands, special 21s by tie Stevenson J B Duukin Pair haikoeye, special 21s by ilr E E Row C S M'Ooll District hunting contest J Chittick 1 and 2, H Wilson 3 ? Hone suitable for cavalry remount J Chiuick 1. C S M'Coll 2 Grand jumping contest, 1st priz-i £15. 2nd f 7, third «4. C SM'Coll's Uighlwd Liddie 1. J ChitUck'a Aid-de-Camp 2, C a Al Lou socoicn neei ^ Lndy'a hackney CS M'Coll 1, Nethtry Bros 2 Lady rider Miia Morrison 1, Mrs Pony not exceeding 14 hands, to be ridden by a boy or girl Ntluon Brosl, JB Doukin 2, U C Osborne 3 Fastest trotter Robinson Cocks 1, A Euox 2 Trotting pony 14 hands and under, specui 21s by Mr S F Freeman Kelson Bros 1, W !-picku.an2 Girl rider, under-U years Miss Beryl de Mesurel, Miss Smith 2 Boy rider, under 14 years C S Taylor 1, A Blythmtn 2 Jumping prise for ponies under 14 hands, 1st 2lssp-cial by Maairs Wile, and Wolton, second 10s 6 I by society C Fraaer 1, J W Clarke 2, J Chittick 3 Pony 13.2 hands and nnder R W Laidley 1, R Vincent 2 Sulky horse and turnout, special 21s by Mr S F Oiborne Phil A Badgcry L;ght harness horte, special 42s by Mr S E L.mb Nelson .Bros Hunter H WilabS 1. C 8 M 'Coll 2 Pony not excet Sing 14 2 hands, firs*. 2U special by Mr H F Marr. second 10s Gl by Society ' Nelson Bios 1, S E Lamb 2 Hich iumD C S fa'Coll 1. 2. and 3 Sulky horse, cot under 14 2 hands S F Osborne 1, Nelson Bros 2 Ttudem jump, specials 42a and 21s, by Messrs E Aland, J A BiJpery, and Nelson Bros J M Ellsmore 1, J Chiuick 2 Stock horse Nelson Bros 1 and 2 Section 4— Snr.Er. I Judge. MrWtt Wheat ley. Stewards, JTJian J H Bealr, T Veo, J T Goodfellow, and J Ltrbin. Pen four Merino ewes, H 0 Carter I and 2 Lincoln ram (ISsajbd 6s, presented by Mr P H 1 hroeby), C Parker 1, J Dobb 2 Pen m o Lincoln ewes, F H Jftrosby 1 and 2 Sonth. ilown ram, 'J J Sherwin 1 and 2 Fen two Southdown ewes,? J Sberwin Shropshire Uob n r»m, F H'Xpmby I and -J fen two Shropsbir-Djwnewes, H F Morr 1 and 2 Pen two Shropshire Down ewe lambs, H F Marr 1 and 2 Roruoey Marsh ram, N B Jeffrey 1; H F Marr 2 Fen two Bomney Marsh ewes, H F M.rr 1 and 2 Border Leicester ram, H F Marr 1 and 2 Two Border Leicester ewe-, H F Marr 1 and 3 Merino ram, W T Cowley 1 and 2 Three Southdown lambs (21s presented by Mr T J Sherwin), T J Sberwin 1 and 2 Two Merino rams (2ls presented by Mr H O Cirter), H 0 Carter 1, W T Cowley 2 Sheep dog trial (firet £2 2), second £1 1', Messrs J Veo and F H Throsby donating 21s, sod Mi L Wilson 10a 6J), H 0 Carter 1, X G Veo 2 Section 5.— Uriis. Judge, Mr \V T Nlron. Steward, Mr H Luudowne. Cape birley, Prerost Bros Rye, Prevost Bros. Iu (be other classes in this section no prize was awarded owing to the conditions uot being fulfilled. Section 6.— Gbassls. Jjdgc, Mr \V T Nixon. Steward, Mr H Linsdowne. Prairie grass seed, Prevost Bros Collec tion of grasses, Prevost Bros (jra&s; seed not specified, Prevost Bros Section '.— Hay and F.ikm Pholcck. Jodge, Mr \V T Nixon. Steward, Mr E B Hiwkiot. O*ten bay, R Coi-ks 1, J P.rker 2 Mea dow hay, Preroet Bros Ensilage, J Wallia Wheaten chaff, P H Throsby Oiten chafl, J Parker 1, Prfvost Bros 2 Green fodder, J Wallis 1, J H Vonng 2 Green corn, C Fraser 1. M Spain 2 Green millet, Prevott Bros 1, J Wallis 2 Mangolds, long red, J Hook Collection of roots, Prevobt Brrs Collection of fdrtn produce (first £5 by Sir Harry Rawson, second 21s by Mr Wooster), Prevost Bros 1, Moss Vale Public School 2 Section 9.— Fkcit. Judge, Mr W I Nixon. Steward, Mr E K Row. Quinces, J Misiingh«m 1. F H Throsbv 2 Table applet, t i Bernic 1 , C Bauer 2 Biking apples, F H fhroaby 1, T HarriB 2 Collec tion of apples, C Kauer 1, Prevost Bros 2 Table pears, Prevoat Bros 1, W M'Keozie 2 Hating piare, Prcvnst Bros 1, C Bauer 2 Peaches, Prevost Bros Grapes, C Bauer Rhubarb, J H Wainwright 1, H Wilson 2 Tomatoes, C Beunett 1, Barrengirry Diiry Co li c Collection of tomatoes, C Bsner Collection of fruit. C Bansr Csbc cf apples, suitable for upon (special by Mr U Cripi-s Claike) G BauerJ,.i'revost Bros h c Section 10.— Vegetables. Judge, Mr \V Smith. Steward-. Mcsrs A A Carter, W M'Kenzie, and H Wiles. Collection of vegetables (tint £3 3t by Mr G J Morrist, and brouza medal by Messrs A Yates and Co., second £1 by society), Pre vost Bros 1. R H Wilson 2 Collection of potatoes, Moss Vale Public School 1, Prevoit Kros2 New variety potatoes, F A Tatlow Up-to-date potatoes, J P«rker Browoell's BssuUes, O Beruie 1, P H Throsby 2, Mn R M Murray 3 Early Rose, P H Throsby Early Manhattan, Prevost Pros 1, J Parker 2 Potatoes not specified, J T Hayler 1, J Parker 2 Lirge cabbages, M Spain 1, J H Wainwrichi 2 Small cabbages, M Spiin 1, J H Wainwright 2 Vegetable not specified, A Aikmin 1, PrrvoetBros2 Spanish onions, G Bennett 1. C Bauet 2 Potato onions, J Tiekner 1. C B«oer 2 White turnips. Pre vost Bros 1, J H Walnwrigbt 2 Swede turnips, Capt Lloyd 1, J H Wainwright 2 Parsnips, Capl Lloyd l,'t€nllen 2 Carrots, Capt Lloyd 1,C Bennett! Cucumbers, A Alkman 1, C Rranetl S Frenah beant, F E Bauiogihwaighte 1, Mn M 'Cart by 2 Col lection of beans, Moss Vale Public School 1, W Cole 2 Peas, C Bennett Vegetable marrows, C Bennett 1, E E Row 2 Table pnirpkius, I Cullen I, Barreogarry Dairy Co 2 Lettuce, C llennelt Celery, A Aikman Preserving melons, V Fraser 1, F H Throsby 3 Pie pumpkins, Barrengarry Dairy Co Table beet, C«pl Lloyd J, U Spiin 2 Half acre potatoes, to be judged by points on' the gronod wh we grown (first 40s, second 21a by Mr W Morrice), P H Throsby Champion prize £2 2- trophy (presented by Mr F A Bsdgary), for beat cample ot potatoes, being portion of crop of not lea than one ton U Bernie Section 11 ? Col Flowebs, j Judee, Mr M'Clure. Stewards, Messrs D Sbeil and H 0 Carter. Table bouquet. Mrs M'Carthy. Dress spray and bntton holes, Miss G CrippB Clarke 1 Mrs I Culleu 2. Collection annuals, Mrs M'Carthy 1. W G Smith 2. Dahlias, Mrs J tureess 1, H Wilson 2. Cactus dahlias, VV G Smiih 1, A Bmithers 2, C Bennett 3. Pompone dahli.s, W G Smith. Fuchsias, C Bauer. Roses, A Throsby Young 1, Mrs McCarthy 2, C Bennett 3. Light roses, Mre JHBealel, A Throsby Toung 2 Dark roses, Mrs M'Carthy 1. AThrosTg Young 2. P.nsie«, K Holland. Petunias, W G Smith. Collection flowers, Mrs M'Cmhy 1. W t Smith 2. C Bennett 3. Basket of fliwers, Mrs E E kow. Miscellaneous cu-. blooms, Irs M'Carthy. Speoul bronze meial by Arthur Tales t Co. for collection of flowers crown from seed, W U Smith. Special 10s iv Mr H H CrippB Clarke for best arranged table centre. Miss Mawdsley. Section 12.-P0T Pusts. Judgr Mr M'Clurj. Stewards, Messrs H O Carter and D Sbeil. Foliaee plants, C Bennett. Climbing plant. J Tiekner. Fero, C Bennett. Musk, iln I Cullen. Maiden hair fern. Mrs J H Craig 1, C Benneit 2 Palm, Mrs J H Craig. Collection plants, C Benneit 1, Mrs E h Row 2. Section 15.— Plain Needlework asd Fasct Work. Judge, Mi«s Cox. Steward, Mr F loose. Stewardesses, Mi» Hayle.- and Mrs. Collection fancy wotk, A M Stafford 1, Miss M Beetlon 2. Collection needlework, Mrs A Prott 1, Miss F E Mowle 2. Lidy's camisole, hand made, Miss F E Movrle 1, Miss M Williims 2. Co- king apron, Mrs C Hadfield 1. Miss M A Yco 2. Handmade pillow slip, A M Stafford 1, Mrs W Brown 2. Tea cosy. Miss Ruby Mowle 1, Mibs Oliva Higgins 2. Design io pillow shams, Linda Morrioe. Table centre, Miss Ruby Mowls 1, A M Stafford 2. Afternoon tea cloth, Linda Morrice 1, Miss Uicgins 2, Miss M Beeston 3. Sideboard rumcr, A M Stafford 1, Miss Beeston 2. Tray cloth, A M Staf ford 1, Miss Ruby Mowle 2. Cushion, A M Siaflord 1, Mrs J H Bea'.e 2. Gent's knitted sex, Mrs Williarrls 1, Mm Hnghes2. D'uyleys, Mrs Sutherland 1, Mn Roberts 2. Washing dress, for girl, Miss F K Mowle. Smock dress, Miss Evans 1, Mn Hughes 2 Lady's washing blonse, Mies F E Mowle 1, Mrs Hadfield 2. Infant's knitted vest and booties, Miss K E Mowle I, Miss de Mestre 2\. Corticelli work, Miss Ruby Mowle 1, Mies Higgins 2. Point lace, Linda Morrice 1\. Miss Bee.ton 2. Ribbon work, Miss F E Mowle 1, Mibs Hewisin 2. Ivory work, Miss C Hayter 1, Mrs Beile 2. Danish Hedcbo embroidery, Mis« ile Mestre 1, Miss M A Veo 2 Drawn thread work, Mi.'« Ou-I.y 1, MiiB Beeston 2. Venetian w. rk, A M Ktaflfjrd 1, Miss Veo 2. Irish crochet, Miss Beeaton. Mount Mellick, Mis: Ruby Mowle 1, Miss Beeston 2. Shadow work, Miss Ruby Mowle 1, Limld Morrice 2 Huckaback work. Miss Ruby Mowle 1, Mist de Mestre 2. Floral crochet, Mis* Veo 1. Mrs Bcile 2. Licit work, Miss lleestou 1. Mrs Beale 2 Collection fancy work, Linda MirrV; :, Miss Scndill 2. Pin cushion, Miss Kul.y Mowle. Button holes on white linen, Miss F E Mowle. Child's nightdress, pecial by Mrs Yeo, Miss de Metre 1, Miss Veo 2. Child's knitted or crochet bed socks, specUl by Mrs Yco, Miss Veo 2. licst piece of work in show, Miss Oueby. Section 16.— Misceluxeocs School Wokk Judges, Rev J H Craig («r ting, etc.), Miss Cox (needlework, etc.). Steward, Mr H H Cripps Clatke. S:cward ess. Mies ViltB. Open to Children under 15 yean. Plain sewing, Edna Brown, Roberlsoo P S, 1 ; Rene Lewry, Sutton Forest PS, 2. Plain sewing (under 12 years), Alvie Spack: man, Satton Forest P S, 1 ; Leah Lewry, Sutton Forest P 8, 2. Hemstitched tray cloth, Alvie Spickrr.su 1, Rene Lewry 2. Camisole, hand sewn, Gladys M'Fadean, Sntton Forest P 8, 1 ; Coral L^rkin, Sutler Fon st P S, 2. Hemstitched handkerchiefs Hilda Croker, Elmw.iod PS, 1 ; Lily Webb, hand made, Clarice Cosgrove, Sntton Forest P S, 1 ; Ethel Quigg, button Forest P S, 2. Hand sewn pillow tltp, Edna Brown 1. Doris M'Innes, E mwood V S, 2. Hemmed hand kerchiefs by «irl nnder 10 years, Clarice Cost rove 1, Ida Lyons, Sutloo Forest P S, 2. Fancy woik, Winifred Blythman, Moss V.le P S, 1 ; Leah Lewry 2. Huckaback work, Winifred Dlythman I, May Smithes, Mos; Vale P S, 2. D.rning over holes in worn hote, Gladys M'Fadean 1, Edna Brown 2 years, Amy Quigg, Sutton Forest P S, 1 ; Linda JohiiElon, Elmwood P S, 2. Worked button hole', Olire Tiekner, Elmwood P S, 1 ; Winifred Blythmau 2. Patching in cloth, Edn- Bro*n I, Jennie Uorland, Exeter PS, 2\. P«tcl.ing in cloth, under 12 years, Dairy lllythmao, Moss Vale PS, 1 ; Leah Lewry 2. Pencil drawing, Roi de Mestre, Sutton For est P S, 1 ; Stanley Tiekner, Hlmwood P S, 2\. Map of Australia, Winifred Blytbman 1 , Samuel Moon, Bowral P S. 2. Handwriting in copy U90K Dy ooy unarr 14 }eftr*. Bpeciai by Mr F Toose, Cyril Ruwald, Moss V.le P S, 1 ; Jack Wiles, Moss Vale P S, 2 Hand writ ng in copy bonk by girl under 14 yearf, special by Mr F Toose, Rnby Amos, B x Vale P S, 1 ; Hilda Croker 2. Handwriting by girl or boy under 12 years, Dorothy Hog get t, Bowral P S, 1 ; Henry Gregory, Baw ral PS, 2. Ornamental or illuminated writing, Roi de Mestre 1. Harry Garside, Buwrai PS, 2. Handwriting by boy or girl under 16 years, special by B.D. Teachers' Association, Leila Monk, Eln'.wood P S, 1 ; Constance Paradise, Millagong P S, 2. Exercise be ok iu actual use, writteu by boy or girl under 16, special by B.U. Teachen' Association, Minnie Stubbiugs, Mobs ValeP S, 1 ; Alex. Kuseell, Mitugong P S, 2 ; At lee Oash, Bowral P S, h c ; Constance Para dice h c. Exercise book in actual use, writ ten by boy or girl nnder 12 years, special by U* tv. icB.uris angui;ii-uuu| is-iiin m luuoc 1, Alvie Spackman 2. Chip carving, Leih Monk. Maes work drawing, Roi de Mestre 1, Hilda Croker 2. Brush work drawing, Koi rle Mestre 1, Harold Jones, Mit'agoug P S, 2. Cardboard work and modelling, Jennie Harland 1, Roi de Mestre 2. Collec tion of produce, flowers, vegetables, and fruit, grown in the Berri.na District ky pupils of euch school, fint 42s, special -by I'r Leighton Jones, Mobs Vale P S I. Sutton Forest P S 2. Potatoes, Sutton Forest P & 1, Mom Vale P S 2. FrenuL beans, Mote Vale P S 1, Sntton Forest P S 2. Cabbages, Suuon Forest P S I, Moss Vale P £ 2. Sec'.lon 17.— Paintings, Drawings, Wsitisgs, ic. Jnape, Mte Falcor.cr. Stewards, Mr W Jones aud Dr H Leighton Joi es. Collection painting-, Miss Sherwin 1, Miss Gl.dyj Stokes 2. Handpaintiug in oil, lapduap?, Miss Cartwright. Handpainting in oil, lruit, fiom natore, Mn J H Beale. Handpainuog in water lolours, landscape. Miss Cartwr.ghL Handpaiotine in water colours, fioweir, from natore, R H Wilson Handp»intins in water colours, birds, from nature, R H Wilson. Water colour sketch of district scenery, Miss Cartwright 1, R U Wilson 2. Handpaimed plaque, Mrs VicUr Keith I, Miss Simpson 2. Crayon sketch, Miss Morrison 1, Mrs Holt 2. Pencil or charcoal study. Miss Morrison 1, MraHoltS Chip carving. S Condon. Section IS.-MASurACTTEU and Mli CELLlNEOre. .inagee, mn » i Mi on and Mr Green wood. S-.ewkrds, Metars W D Cjunpbtll and J 1) Wood, ind MnJamiS Holt and RicbanUon. CxUectioo frail, Un I Cullen I, Mrs \Vfl son 2. l'reK.rre-i pticat*. in arrnn. Mn Wilson 1. Mr, 1 cX?%£2ved 4-r? cola, in ayrop, Mr. Wil»n I. Mn I Onfleo 2\. Prewrrtd cUrriet, u ayrnp, Mn WU D Wood, Mis. Watby 1. M« Wilson 2, Mr, I Cullen 3. Collection jellies, special by Mr D Wood, Miss W.rby 1. Mr. Wilson 2. uloce jelly, Miu Warby 1, Mr« Wilson 2. Apple jelly. Miss Warby 1, Mrs Wilson 2. Rid currant jelly, Miss Warby. Blackberry jelly, Mrs Wilson 1, Prevost Bros 2. Cherry !»' Miss Warby 1. Mn Wilson 2. Rasp «rry j .m, MisB Warby 1, Mn I Cullen 2. sSwierrV J*m, Mid. Wa.by 1, Prevost Bros 2. Gooseberry j»m. Miss Warby 1, Miss F E Mowle 2. blackberry jam, Miss M'Grath 1, Mrs I Cullen 2. Melon jam, CAFraBerl, Mrs Beale 2. Tomato jim, Mrs Wilson 1, Mrs I Cullen 2. Orange marmalade, Mrs Wilson 1, Mrs I Culleu 2 Quince iam Miss Warby 1, Miss FE Mowlo 2 Apricot jam, Miss F E Mowle 1, Mrs M'Carthy 2. Peach jam. Miss W.rby 1. Miss FE Mowle 2. Fig j«n, M'ss Waiby 1, Mrs Wilson 2. Pear jam, Prevost Bros 1 Mrs Wilson 2. Lemon iim, Ml»B Warby 1 Mrs Beale 2 Grape j»m, Miu F E Mowle 1, Mrs Beale 2. Collection pickles, Mn I Cullen I, Prevost Bros 2. Tomato sauce, Miss Warby 1, Mrs I Cullen 2. Tomato chutney, Miss tt'aroy 1. Mrs I Cullen 2 Apple chutrley, Mn I Cullen. Currant cake, MrB Wilson 1, Mrs Moses 2. Sultaua cake, Mrs Wilson 1, Mrs fl-lt 2. Sponge cake, Mrs Moses 1, Miss de Mestrc 2 Sted cake Mn Wilson 1, Missde Mestre 2. RaiD bow cake Miss Yeo 1, MUb E Throsby ! Ribbon cake, Miss de MesT.= 1, Miss Yeo 2. Plain cike, Mrs Moses 1, Mrs \\\ ilson 2. 0rar.ee cite,, Miss de Meslre 1, Mrs I Cn, len ??- Swiss roll, Mrs Wilson I, Mrs 1 Col len-2. Victoria sandwich, Mrs Wilson 1, Mis» E Throshy 2. Home made bread, Mrs H V»ndenbereh 1, Mrs Cowley 2 Ginger bread, M Us Yeo 1, MrsWi!Eon2. Large scones, CAF.aser I, Miss de Meslre 2. ^ ? II _,._„„,, Utiast Von 1 MlFH CdirOll — ? Plum pudding, Mrs Wilson 1, Mrs \\\ oods 2 Puffpsstrv, Mrs Boweu I, Mrs I Cullen ' Ceiinpuff', MrsM'.'anhy. App'e ^^^Ipetfb^Mn'/BoSv. Mr. I Cullen 1, Miss dc Meslre 2, Mrs Hoi: 3\. Collection home-mv?e tweets, spe:iai, value 21s, hy Messrs G.iSlhs Bros., Miss de Meslre 1, Mis. Maw.l.ley 2. Coiled potatoes, special by Mr J C Fra-er, Mis. Hewison 1, Mi« de M-stre 2. Bead, bslert only, M J Piigg 1, F Uealm -J. I'ouudc.kc, bakers only, M J PrigJ. Cold office lunch, special by Mr U H Cripp-Cl.tke, Miss G Cripps Cinrke. Scones made wrh Bathos U.ktng Powder, special by S Freeman and Som, Mrs C A Fra-tr. Sponge cake made with liatho's Baking Powder, special by S Freeman and Son-. Mrs R W M .ses Most successful exhibitor in this section (special prize, silver cup presented by Messrs. Lever Bros.), Mrs. W. J. Wilson. 