OUR LONDON LETTER. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT, LONDON. 10th Julv. Eight admirals and rear-admirals, besides several members of Parliament who are specialists in defence questions, supported Lord Charles Beresford at the London Chamber of Commerce banquet when lie elaborated nnd defended his recent sugges tions for increased naval construction. He lius been, it will be remembered, bitterly attacked on the ground of his supposed personal animosity towards the First Sea Lord. He denies that any such feeling has influenced him. There is nothing in the full text of his speeches to prove that it Jiue; and it is patent that this views are in neeord with those of u large body of naval experts. Many of these are openly on his side. Others are precluded by the rules of Ilia service from allowing him to use their names, or from speaking publicly themselves on tho question. He stated ut tile buiiquet that in a large number of let ters received by him from brother ollicers there was no puinL which they urged more strongly than this— that lie should tell the people that the safety of the Empire did not and could not depend only on Dread noughts. "Do try to gut them to under stand, they said, "taut we must have cruisers, torpedo boat destroyers, materials and so on, in order to make the fleet effi cient, no matter how many Dreadnoughts you lay down." In a statistical statement which he lias issued to the press, Lord Beresford makes it clear, in reply to critics who hail represented his scheme as being little better than the Government's, that the whole of his proposals are extra to thfc normal expenditure on the navy, and that if his programme be adopted the country will have to spend £208,11(1(1,1)00 during the next live years. Lord Beresford goes on to say, in the course of the same statement, that if the "two keels to one" policy were adopted) as urged by those who think it is the only thing to do now, in view of Germany's naval progress, a total outlay of £242,000,000 would have to be provided for in the period 1009-14. The "two keels to one" project is, he contends, unnecessary, and, moreover, impossible of attainment, because the number of battleships which it implies could not be built in British yards by 1014. In any case, he says, the first work to be done is to make the exist ing fleet safe and eflieient. He is satisfied that it is not eflieient now, as it needs more cruisers nnd minor vessels, more docks, repairing stations, personnel and stores. Ordinarily between 0000 and. 10,000 men join the nuvy every year. He would at once increase the number to 15,000 a fr new Bhips and increased building facilities, he thinks there ought to be energetic uction immediately. "tVu ought to begin this week," lie told the audience ut the chamber of commerce .banquet. -His opponeuts say that his charge as to the iiieagrencss of the navy's coal supply was an exaggeration. "1 know exactly what reserves oi coal we possess," he states: ' "It would not be right for me to Buy publicly what they are, but 1 can say that we have not enough. The fact that if the threatened coal strike of a week or two ago had occurred our annual naval manwuvrcs could not have taken place is a fair illustration of where we arc as regards our coal reserves." He also urged that the Marines — "the' finest corps in the world" — which the Government lias been reducing, should be raised to its former strength of 20,000, and that the re duction of the coastguards should oe stopped. The Australian photographs sent to the Dresden photographic exhibition have.' ut- traded an unexpected share of attention. They have now been given 'space in the central hall of the exhibition, on the ground lloor, a position much superior to that first allotted ..to them. The chief cause of this, increased interest in the Australian pic tures— whether it is due more to the no velty of the subjects they present than to their merit as examples of photographic art, or vice versa— is left obscure in the brief reports 'received by the representative of the Commonwealth in London from the managers of the exhibition. The best hint so far given on this point is contained in a request for a second edition of the hand Hook XYhidlx .Captain Collins prepared for distribution 'during: the exhibition. In the course of the last two mouths a number of the German and Austrian newspapers have been discussing a new portent— the decided movement towards co-operation for defence between the allied nations of the British Empire. Incidentally, it has yielded Aus tralia the most useful olieap advertisement ever gamed by it on the Continent. When a young .country readies the point of belli-' ublo to bilk of giving away Dreadnoughts it immediately establishes a claim upon the serious consideration of Europe, or at any rat:; iqion those portions of Europc-no't- ably Germany— which we constantly mea suring thrir international chances by the prosperity, public spirit and defensive strength of their neighbors. It is not un reasonable, therefore, to suggest the prob able existence of some roiution between this recent discussion of the Commonwealth as a prospective contributor to the strength of the British navy and the popular inter est. takc-n in the information concerning Australian progress which has been distri buted at the Dresden exhibition. The Victorian Gaming and Betting Act and the measures taken by the Australian Post Oflice authorities to check the distri bution of circulars issued by tipsters and betting iirms have been recommended to the Home Secretary (Mr. Gladstone) by a deputation which desires to sec similar ac tion taken to put down gambling in this country. The English laws dealing with gambling arc mostly of the half hearted or der. They offer' many opportunities for evasion. The Street Betting Act, for ex ample, is found after some experience to be to a large extent useless. The evil which its promoters sought to stamp out has re appeared in other forms. It has led to a multiplication of betting firms, whose opera tions cannot be prohibited without a re course to further legislation. The Govern ment is now asked, through the Home Se cretary, to introduce a bill providing that the issue of advertisement coupons, circu lars, hand bills nns other business an nouncements relating to gambling shall be illegal; that the Post Olhce shall refuse to give betting firms facilities for the transac tion of their business, and that newspapers shall be liable to fines if tlioy publish starting prices and other betting odds. Mr. Gladstone says he is personally quite willing lo attempt treat legislation on these lines, hut he docs not see any opportunity lo get a bill through the House of Commons (mis year. The Lords are less occupied nt pre sent, and he accordingly suggests that thoy ought to tackle the quest/ion. If they turn out a good bill it would probably get the assent of the House of Commons next year without any groat difficulty. He believes that the majority of the English newspa pers are not anxious .to continue the pub lication of betting news, and would wel come a prohibition uniformly applicable to the press as a whole. If the idea of establishing a common understanding or policy in regard to the direction of emigration from tho United Kingdom to other countries within the Em pire should become the subject of definite .Government negotiations, the dominions will probably find themselves Faced with an explicit request to refrain from offering special inducements lo English agricultur ists, and provide for a linger proportion of town bred workers 'than they are at pre sent inclined to receive. This anticipation is based on Llic general .tone of statements made by English public men of late, and on various press comments. The latest and most pointed expression of opinion on the question appears in a leading article in the "Times" which is worth quoting. "The dominions," says tho "Times," "wish to take our agricultural population; we 'mean to keep it. if we can. We -must keep it— such of it as still remains— in their interest us well as our own. But they can draw upon our town population, and even upon the population of the poorest streets, to an extent which is not yet ut all widely ap preciated. We are not suggesting— and we desire. to make this point most absolutely clear— that they should take from us a stratum of our population which is in any way degenerate. A great part of the child ren born iu poverty m our great towns are not born less fitj whether physically or morally, than children born amid the fields. They will make workers as sound and will ing lis any in tho world— more sound and willing, we should say, since they come of British stock— on this condition, that they are taken young enough and given an equal, .chance. What can be done on a small scale m this way has already been proved by tho admirable work of Dr. Barnardo's Homes. Wo would suggest that' such work, on afar larger scale, Is work in which this coun- try and the dominions, each in its own in terest, as well as for the common good, might well take steps to co-operate." ' "The basin of the Congo i3 to- day the scene of as cruel a tyranny as exists on earth." This comment on the result of Belgium's administration in its now colony appears in the indignant manifesto issued by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, the Bishops of London, Southwark, Birmingham and Liverpool, and the leaders of the nonconformist churches. Sir Ed ward Grey is not named, but indirectly he is told that lie lucks courage, and is sub jecting Great Britain to a charge of dis honorable neglect. The churchmen grow lurid in their further description of the hor rors which prevail "throughout u territory of nearly 1,000,000 square miles." The Congo is a slave Stale. "There is nothing accidental," they dcclurc, "about the evil deeds now being coinmiutc-d there. They are the necessary accompaniment of a deli berate claim on the part of the European rulerc of that great country to its natural wealth and its Jiuman labor, and the claim is enforced with pitiless severity. Virtu ally the whole land has been monopolised for tho benefit of European investoiu, and the native inhaoitimts urC excluded from any share in the Deueiits accruing irom tne- oxplouatioii ol tueir soil. Men, ana even women, arc forced into a life of endless und unpaid tod, Lo which death alone brings release. inliumun pumsiiincms prevail. Disease and lamme, lollowiiig naturally m the wake of .tyranny -and violence, are sweeping whole districts bare of inlraoi- tuuts. And lor ail twin Ureat Britain 1 however unintentionally ,t e.unc about/ -is in part responsible. Glficiui correspon dence published at Brussels shows itnat separate representations, somewhat milder than those penned by ,Sir Jtdward Grey liave been made by the United States with regard to its treaty rignts in the Congo, and that the Beiglun Government has re plied with its usual evasiveness. The most emphutic statement so far made in favor, of proportional representa tion before the royul commission' which'- is inquiring into the question of ' electoral reform comes, not from a party politician, hut from Lard Grey, Governor-General of Canada; He lius been a student of the sys tem during the lust 25 years, nnd has no misgivings us to its being applicable to elections on tho largest scale. It was merely an assumption, he told the commis sion, to say that proportional representa tion would destroy the dual party system. The inherent evil of the present system was that it gave no security against . the chance of minority rule, or against the disfranchise ment of great sections of opinion, and that it afforded very little freedom to the in dividual elector, while offering a direct pre mium to corruption and bribery. If it wus proposed to establisii representative insti tutions afresh, the present system would 'ue laughed out of court in a moment. Lord Grey declared that upon reading a speech made in IflUG by the l'riine Minister, advo cating the introduction of a better method of securing adequate representation of the electors, he iolt. tempted to resign tire Governor- Generalship oi Canada — "tno most attractive billet in tlie gift of the Crown"— and come back to support ulr. Asquith, He suggested the formation of constituen cies returning three or live members. Tlie exclusion of, moderate men from tiie House of Commons could only 'be justified on .the assumption that there were no moderate electors in the- country. "Democracy," he added, "requires , the government ot the people by the people for the people, instead of, as at present, government ot the people by a caucus for the party! The electoral system should be such as to enable the organisation of a party to obtain its fair share of representation, hut not to confer upon that party organisation tho power of excluding any considerable section of opin- iou from Parliament. (Proportional repre sentation is the policy of those who trust tho electors." .'., While Lord Grey was giving his evidence before the royal commission, the Propor tional Representation Society issued its annual report, containing an interesting summary of recent electoral developments in Europe and elsewhere. Further elec tions in Belgium and Finland have borne ample testimony to the practicability of proportional representation. The Swedish Parliament has given its filial approval (o the 'bills applying proportionul representa- tion lo elcptions for .municipalities, f of county councils, for both Chambers of tho Jliksdag and for all committees appointed by the Riksdag. In Belgium there is a growing demand for an extension of propor tional representation to the elections of tho provincial councils, nnd a bill has been in troduced proposing to apply the system to elections of the conseils de prud' homines. The electoral reform group of the French Chamber of Deputies is maintaining a ; vigorous campaign in support of propor tional representation. The unsatisfactory working of the second ballot nt recent by- elections, where Conservatives supported Socialists in order to compass the defeat of Radical candidates, lias emphasised the need of a true basis of representation. 'The first municipal elections under the new Danish law embodying proportional repre sentation have boon carried out with com plete slice els. Another of the Swiss ean- tonc, Lucerne, has adopted proportional re presentation for the election of tho Cantomd Council, and also for the munici pal elections on condition that a third of the electors demand it. In Canada the Go vernment itas consented to the appoint ment of a select committee of the House of Commons for the purpose of inquiring into the working of proportional representation. In Oregon a petition in favor of amending the constitution, so ns to provide for pro portional representation, was submitted to the popular vote some time ago, and carried by a large majority.- The Legislature has refused to give effect to this petition, and the popular campaign in its favor is being renewed. da's policy in regard to Chinese immigra tion are announced from Ottawa. While the poll tux of £100 on coolies is retained, the restrictions applicable to students and the sons of Chinese merchants arc con siderably relaxed. According to the ''Times," students who already possess a liberal education, but desire to pursue a higher course of study in any Canadian university or college, arc exempt from the tax. Students who intend to pursue their studies in the Dominion, but arc unable to produce proof of their status on entry, are required to deposit the amount of the tax, but the money will be refunded on produc tion of a. certificate that they have passed two scholastic years at some seat of learn ing. The present law permits all Chinese visiting China to. return to Canada within a year without a second payment. The time limitation lias been described us a hardship to Chinese who have been ill. The new regulation, therefore, extends the time of exemption in sucli cases to eighteen months, provided that "satisfactory proof he furnished. China will shortly be repre sented in Canada by a consul-general, who bears instructions similar to. those given to the Chinese official recently sent to Australia. 