TRADE PREFERENCES. Not many pr&ons;, either in Great Bri tain, or in Australia, appeal to be seri ously agitating themselves over the ques tion of fade preference. Opinions are veiy much divided even where, as amongst tlie delegatus of the Britisdi and Colonial. Chamber:; of Commerce, unauimity might be expected- Canada and Australia, when irt their respective protectionist tariffs they gave a certain measure of protection to certain goods of British production, look ed for an immensely stronger volume of ap plause than they got. Merchants find niaiuifr.ctui'oto in the old country gratefully accepted the concessions, hut as for their immediately joining in an agitation for putting duties on United States and Ar gentine and Russian wheat, cattle, hides, and skins. United States cheese, and -Dan ish, Dutch. Swedish and Siberian butter, the British merchants and manufacturers wore, as a rule, deliberately dumb. Strange to say, they soenn to believe that they undestand their own business beat- They calculate that if a British tariff wore drawn up discriminating against their European customers, and in favor of the British oversea dominions, and of India, countries like Germany, jFjr-aiicte, Russia, Austria, etc-, would retaliate, so that wheto one pound would be gained under Colonial preference, five would he lost in Continen tal trade. Gre'afc 'Britain is a mighty manufacturing, commercial, and financial power. Its climate politically as -what geographer call continental, whereas ours in Australia, South/ Africa, Canada, and India, is an island climate- Our trade prefei'onfcialists profess to know what they want. They- are sellers to England oi raw products. They, therefore, de&ire; that the raw products of other countries, which also sell to England, should he han dicapped. England, however, in her" turn, has to self, to all sorts of customers, blood relations and no relations- . The aged parly to this transaction cannot keep his shop open on the chance of lib distant oversea, sons dealing with him for things which they cannot for the ptesttnt make . for themselves, or import moto cheaply from some other, country- The aged party in .question was born a good many cen turies before the colouifs were, and should at least be permitted to be the best judge of his own affairs- A free-trade. Britain suits the Australian expoitei's moat ad mirably. It is straight into their hands in connection with the production and ex port of all kinds of soil products- Tlie singular thing here is that whilst certain prnals ptofess to be the sfcraightest and most uncompromising advocates of .Aus tralian landed interest/, they are continu- ally girding at Great Britain for' not going back to a profcetionit tariff— tariff f?orrp as they call it- If Great Britain were to take their farmers and squatters'- advo cates at their word, it would no, doubt, for a while, be a good thing for Australian' consumers. All produce exported - from Australia would then be cheapened in Aus-. traHa in proportion to tho new taxe® im posed thereon at British ports. If, for-! instance, a-dutv of 6si per.quarfer on Aus tralian and other wheat cut down tlie size or the loaf for the British consumer , it; would iii the same ratio increase the eizei of the loaf of th<y Australian consumer., It would do so until some of the land here wcitt out of . cultivatidn— that is, land whore the margin of profit on wheat cul tivation would not bear an impost ,of 6s _ per quarter when the product reached Lou- don. The ptayer iff evcay one oJt. eur agri culturists and paetoralists sliould be ' for a' free-trade- Britain-; """Those in the sam,e lines, of business in th«i old country . n atu- Vnfrvl-m dq! sf.hnv JphI 1 ifJ They or rival sellers to th» British con sumers, andy of course, wpuldi like' -the. corn law3 to be reintroduced, They are not tredo prefetontialists in regard to the soil products of British colonics any more than they are of the same- commodities , when raised by foreign nations- Eiglut Rages.— Our issue <to-day consists of ' Xday's -fevonts.— Kerang Show, train 8.20 aim. ; Eaglehawk East . MothocBiat S.S. pionic, Ravonswood; 9.5 a.m.; Rochester Show, train 9.20 a.m. ; Supremo Court, 10 a.m.- Bendigo Gun Club 6hoot, Sydenham Gardens, 2.30 p.m. ; opening Bendigo Bowling Green. 2,30 p.m...; Axe-la ie R.C. picnic, train leaves 2. p.m. : Empire Fair. St. John's Presbyterian Church, A. NA.. Hall, . 5 p.m. «. St. Matthew's Cliurch tea ; moving pictures, Salvation Army, Eaglehawk; .presentation ex-Cr. Bailey, Mil- rang Public. Hall. 7.30 p.m. ; boxiiig, stadium, Bull; street. 8 p.m.; social St. Andrew's Sun day School. 8 p.m.; Lady DrukSs' ball. Odd-, follows' Hall, 8 p.m.; "Village Priest,'', theatre, 8 p.m. ; ElysiUra, . McCrao . street; pjn.; sluuting cnriiival, Eaglehawk Rink; general skating, Dlite Rink, Bendigo Stobk Maikets.— The Bendigo sheep market on Monday had a. good yarding of sheep and lambs. Sheep were firm and lambs slightly easier. There were not eo many cattle yarded yestorday .as last . wrek Pii; ruled about.the Barae; with the exception that hert bullocks were a little firmer. . Proposed New Railways.— he Minister of Railways mqyed, to' the; Legislative .Assembly yesterday. vtliat the question of conriectiug tho Powlett, , River ooalfiold with- the, existing rail- , way "system, and. with the proposed _ porta of Inver.och and Western. PortBay,' bo referiad to the Parliamentary ,Stqhdihg: Committee on . Railways. The motion was agreed to. The Minister moved a similar resolution regarding . the .connecting of the . Rushworth and dis- triot. and tlio south-west, including Colbinab- bin, .with tbe existing railway between Kil- morp and Bendigo, with provision'--: for a defi ciency rate. This motion was also agreed to. , Runawqy : Horses.— Yesterday afternoon Mr. Hutchings, a traveller for paining -.requi sites, left, his horse and buggy standing near the office , of tlie Now Moon mine, Eaglehawk. On his, return hp. was "trying to put tho bit back, "in tlie liorse's mouth, when : it boltod off along \- one of tho bush tracks; The vehiolo > struck several. stumps and eventually was overturned and smashed to pieces. The horse continued : as far as Sydney Flat, where it was caught and brought into_ Bendigo. Some excitement was oaused in Mitchell street yesfcerdav after noon by a Bolting horse. It was fully har nessed and came from the direction of High street. Upon reaching the Mitchell street in tersection it was confronted by a tram and rushed on to the left- hand footpath of Mit chell atroot and galloped along till it reached Hargreaves 6treot, when it again took to tho rood and disappeared up Mitchell Btreet. No one, fortunately, was injured. School Children's Teeth. — Mr. Poynter, as honorarj" dentist of the Coloraine and Grit- jurk State ' sohools, has just completed an inspection of the tcofh of the children at those places. Tho children examined num bered 105, and 99 out of them bad' decayed tooth. > City Conrt.— Messrs. 11.. B, Anderson .audi T. S. Gibson wei;e on the lioncli yesterday moruing Jolin Lyoni;, ' who had. not been before the court for tbe- past throe yeure, and who said he did not remember using obscene language oti the previous night, us, stated by Constable P. Thomson, was given anotjier oJiance, on promising to leave the ciiy. Two inebriates, who signed the p'edge, woio also discharged; Several debt cases wefo dealt Bendigo Supreme Court. — The October sit tings were opened before Mr. Justice Hodges yesterday morning. Proceedings' commenced at 19 o'clock and the court did not! adjourn until nearly 7-o'cIook.- At 'the opening Messrs. A. Stringer, Thomas O'Dwyec. and- D- Rees were exoused from serving jurorg owing to ill-health, and Mr. Alexander Kerr through being required at the fire station. . Several cases were disposed of, and ore reported else where. The sittings will be resumed at 10 o'clock this morning. Spring Shows To-day.— Tho Kerang Show will be hold to-day. A train leaves Bendigo; it 8.20 a.m. At 9.20 a train loave3 Bendigo" for Rochester for tho annual show there. Larcmiictf.— ' The ilaaxseiy fcf a rubber tre- ccipt s'.amp from the Mutual1 life and Citi zen.-/ IiiBiiraneo Co., A-.N.A. Building, be tween 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. on the 2rid iiist., nnd \alued at 15. was reported to the Ben digo police yesterday. Tlie stamp was left m a table -and later waa xniflsing. . H. M. Legco and Co. report the larceny of three bundles of sacks containing 25 in each bundle, nou n as No. 1 "xii tbe trade., of the value of 26s 6d. The sacks were stolen from an veil slid I in complainants' yard, between the 2nd and 4th inst. An Asiatio Old Identity-— An interesting point came up in tho Old Age Pensions Court, before Mr. E. N. LYIooro, P.M., on Monday afternoon. A colored man _ named. George Edwards app'.iod for a pension. A claiuse in tho Act make? provision for an alien who has been naturalised and has been a resi dent of Australia for a specified number of years receiving a pension, but another part >f tho Act states that no Asiatio is entitled to a pension." Tlie applicant, who is well known locally ns an old colonist, waa born -ii, Madras, India, and arrived in Australia some 50 years ago. Ho pointed out that both his parents, as well as ldmeelf, were hibjects of tlio British Empire. He had led an industrious life, and was only compelled to apply for assistance because of ill-health and old age. Mr. Moore oxpreased himself as sympathetic with-, the application, but ho fluid not do otherwise than, refuse it under the Act. Ho ndvised the applicant to com municate with tlie authorities in, Melbourne, in ordier to ascertain if anytliing could be dene for him. A Mean Robliery. — Mr. James Joltojj of Kangaroo Flat, writes : — "Somo time ago I wrote to you about being always robbed, which you noticed in your paper, and many ilianks for same. Will you kindlv also no tice this in your paper, and oblige. Last Saturday, morning, at 7 a.m., I left my place seouro and went to tlie township for stores. I returned at 11.20 a.m., found my place broken into, and 'things to the value of about £5 stolen." St. Liborius' Pionic. — The St. Libovius' an nual picnic is advertised to take place at Axeualo on Wednesday, 27tli inst. 'Two spe cial trains have been chartered to run from Eaglehawk and Bendigo. At a committee meeting the tenders, of tho Eaglehawk Jun ior Band to supplv music, Mr. Petliarcf for fruit, lollies and ice cream,' and Mr. Fozard for a merry-go-round, were accepted. The luncheon booth, as usual, will be controlled by the committee. The sports committee sub mitted a first-class programme, including tug- of-war, 6 men aside, £4, footballers' handicap, £1 5g,and other items, which appear in our advertising column. ' . Druids' Ball. — The Lady Druids will hold a . ball. in the Oddfellows;' Hall at 8 p.m. to night. Bruhn's orchestra will supply the music. Improvement of School Grounds and Schools. —A representative meeting bf . parents of the scholars attending the North Bendigo S:S., No. 1267, ;wa8 held last" evening to form an improvement committee. Mr. A. J. Clarke presided and' Mr. Treganowan was secretary pro fern. Mr. D. G. Lear, head teacher, out- Lined tho lie-In thai. nnnM hn rri\mn 1 ontg taking an interest in the work of the school. He was supported' by Mr- Curnow, hon. secretary of -the Central, school .commit tee. It was unanimously decided to form a 'committee. All present promised to attend the adjourned meeting. Band of Hope Entertainment.— -The anni versary of the Bendigo W.C.T.U. Band of Hope was celebrated last evening in the Tem perance Hall. Mr. H. Roberts presided. An elocutionary competition was held. The first /prize,' ;a .silver medal, ;w<is woii by Miss Klas- ter, and the second, a book, by Master Tay- -?r- i;The Mieses Steele, Harding, E. Renaui. R Tipkler and Ellis also . competed. A piano forte duotwas nicely rendered by the Misses Martin, while Miss Bell and Master B. Dun- stan- contributed recitations. Miss Youlden presided at the piano. The distribution of the prizes won/during the year by the mem bers was. made by , Mr. Robert. An interest- ing function was ; terminated with a coffee supper. The supervising work wa8 carried out by Mrs. T.'Alderso'n, -assisted bv tlie com mittee.:! r ' ' Shorthand Examination.-r-Owing to a por tion: of examination papers being delayed in transit, the examination of the Incorporated Phonographio Society of Great Britain, which ««.-> -y imvB uecu jieni unaer cue Mitral of uie mayor. (Gr;: Andrew) an<j cornmittee %t the Bendigo Business College, was unavoidably postponed. Further, notice will' b9 given on arrival sof the balance of the sers. Empire Fair.— The A.N.A. Hall presented :i a busy scene last evening, when -the inombets :fl of St John's Presbyterian Church were bus. ;'l ily engaged preparing for the E.mpiro Fair 1 wnich is to be opened tlus afternoon at 3 1 o'clock by. tho -mayor Tbe.stallB erected round '41 tlio building presented a busy appearance ; U and the ladies showed their deftness and ZT£ V istic taste in the arrangement of the many > ' and varied articles. The, boys and girls of Sunday school; also were- busy, with their own particular stalls. . The art gallery .and other side attractions also, promise a fund of eater. H tain men t for visitors. \In. the evening choice 'v selections of music will be rendered, the pro.. gramme having -been prepared by Mr, \y, / Advertising Yictoria.— Mr. Foster, one of f< the British delegates to the Chamber, m Coiiimerce Congress, liaa written to the Miqig. ter .of Agriculture, .stating that., in return % for the lavish hospitality shown him and &j; hi3 fellow delegates, lie would ba phaacd! t0 w distribute any; pamphleta rela|ing to Vie- if toiia tlircugb his 'bu$in«9s- ."office of Foster and % Sons, agi'.cultural- merchants. .Iwk,. within a radius of 50 milcel ; He will dHtribute them t by post up to 2000, at his own expensa, to U farmers ancl various tocietuis,. clubs, etc. He' i liOa no pet-tonal interest in the . matter, but ' % wehes to, in some measure, repay the kind- % neto shown him in .Yiotona, iji thp hope df securing toe state sT>mo smtablo. immigrants, 'sy Axedole Annual Picnic.— The committee of ? the Axedale R.C. picnic and sports held their i final meeting yesterday. The arrangements £ for to-day's picnic are complete. , With fine i weather the sports promise to bi very' success, f' ful. The programme includes wodo-cutting, S tilting at tho ring on horses, hurdle race, and i numerous other events. Great interest is being | -taken by the local district .association- in the % football match versus St. Kilian's, for a prize ; of £5 5s. A first-class luncheon by the ladies' | committee will lie provided; .for tlie usual | charge of Is. Hot water free. - Flight's Band, C of 12 performers, lias been engaged for tho j day, and will pjay from, the/ Alexander | fountain to the railway station. The special i train will , leave Bendigo at 2 <i'c!ock. Fares, | admit to ground, adults 2s, children. Is. A I ball will be -held at night at Drake's Hall. ? Pyramid Hill SKow.-The. Pyramid Hill | agricultural show liaa established -itself as one 1 of the most, important annual eveiits in the ! north. Last year it wng visited by great I orowds from Bendigo and other localities. It if will be'seen by announcement in another col- : umn tnat entries close on the ' loth icst. Government gold medals, are beiug offered '; this year' for poultry. A special excursion l train will .run from Bendigo on -the morning i of the show. The time table will be adver- | tised later. ? Manufacturers of Manures. — As required by ! section 18 of the Artificial Manures Act, 1904, ? as amended by the Ac of 1905, manufacturers of artificial manures ore requested by the i Minister of Agriculture.tO suhmitj during this | month or November, all samples of fertilisers which they intend to offer for sale or use in making any special mixture during the com- 1 ing season, ' Golden Square Fire Brigade.— There was a good musterof members at . the ordinate ' meeting of the Golden Square Fire Brigade i- which was held at the Workingmen's Club last » night, Captain Carter, as usual, presiding. I. After the general business was transacted ? the question of the opening of the new depot came up for consideration. It Having been decided to hold a social gathering on the com- I pletion of the new building in about three week's time, the captain intimated that sup porters of the brigade had signified their in tention of donating any liquor required for the. occasion. Opinions were divided on the ; advisability of the brigade countenancing tlie i use of drink nt such a gathering. Attention ? was drawn to a former resolution prohibiting 1 liquor in the depot, but as the minute could not- be produoed that evening "it was decided to defer the matter for another week. McKenzie street Anniversary.— The annual celebrations in connection with the McKenzie street. Sunday school were brought to a con- ! elusion ".ast evening in tbe presence of an- other large congiepition. ' The Rev. T. 0. ; Thomas again presided, and during the eveiw -v ing presented tne children with the prizes ! won during tlie last term, each recipient be- ? ing accorded hearty applause. The scholars " the AHinVAhlA 7 "- ---- — VI i- UJU pn> vious eveniug, a few additional items being included. Despite the inclement weather ex perienced on Sunday. the cetebrations have proved a, greater financial success than for - some rears past. At a meeting held last ewn- ® ing the trustees decided' to proreecl with the ( erection of a new weatherboard schoolroom on «i more suitable gite in McKenzie street. The old building, .which -Was served the children fr many years, will .probably be disposed of 4 and the funds nro expected to be furtlier aug mented by holding a fair in connection with i the opening of the. new school, - ' , witeldy assembly lost night at the Oddfellows' Hall, Long Gully, tliero - was a fair attendance On Fridav night at the A.N. A.- Hall- , the final of the waltzing competition will be decided. 