JCatest Cable JYews, LONDON, Wednesday. In a speech at' Toronto Admiral Lord Charles Beresford has pleaded for a naval organisation on the prm ' ciple of the five nations, with one navy, one army, one flag, one throne. Lieut. Bell airs, M.P., holds that the Admiralty, surrendering to its critics, has decided to re-occupy the Pacific in strength, and has abandon ed all the big-gun type of Dread An/^mvliricr +r» :i, responsible Ottawa newspaper, Sir Wilfred Laurier is at best only a passive Imperialist, and bfelieves ' that the only safe bond of Empire is one of sentiment. Engineer- Commander W. Clark son has arranged the plans with the contractors for the building of the small arms factory at Lithgow, and the preparation of the machines has . begun. The Westfalen, Germany's first Dreadnought, is completed, and, is ly ing in the Weser. It is estimated that 2000 persons perished as a result of the floods at Monterey and Santa Caterina Valley, in Northern Mexico. The loss of pro perty is. estimated at £6,000,000. The Manchurian negotiations have concluded. China agrees not to construct the Sin- min-tun and Faku men railway without consulting Ja pan. A severe earthquake, lasting for 10 seconds, has been felt in Rome. Or naments and pictures in the upper parts of the city were thrown to the floors. Cholera is spreading in Rotterdam. Many cases are attributable to the use of unpurified river water. King Alfonso of Spain has signed a decree making 65,000 men liable for military service this year. This number is almost double that of pre ceding years. A party of Dutch soldiers and nat ive police was ambushed in Mang garai, Flores Island and 15 were kill ed. Subsequently troops killed 102 insurgents. A corporal has disappeared from , the camp at Chalous, France, with a machine gun of the latest pattern. The construction of the gun is a. secret. The French authorities are . making great efforts to capture the corporal before he is able to commu nicate the secret to a foreign Power. A fire occurred yesterday at St. Malachy's Home, Long Island, New York. 'The bodies of seven children have been recovered, and it is feared that there have been more deaths. LONDON, Thursday. Dr. F. A. Cook, of Brooklyn, a well-known explorer, is reported to have reached the North Pole on Ap ril 21. 1908. Dr. Cook arrived at .Lerwick, on the Shetland Islands, on Wednesday, on the Danish steamer, Hansegede, and telegraphed to his wife as follows: 'Successful and well. ' Address, Copenhagen. 'Great secrecy was observed, but in a telegram re ceived in Brussells, Dr. Cook is re ported to have announced that he reached the Pole, and discovered land in the extreme north. The neiws has been received with almost incredulous surprise.# 'The Times' re marking that the evidence is yet very incomplete, but has the appearance of bona fides. It appears that . Dr. Cook proceeded alone, with two Es kimos and eight dog teams laden with supplies, and successfully cover ed the five or six hundred miles from the Pole, after parting with a com panion. Interviewed in Canada, Sir Jo seph Ward stated that New Zealand ?stood firm for an uii -divided Imperial Navy, but was out-voted in the con ference. The New Zealand Prime Minister also mentioned that the ?new Dominion Was a strong advocate for the All-Red steamship and cable lines owned by Government. 'A motion to exclude Ireland from the operation of the new licenses was negatived in the House of Com mons. in Committee on the Finance Bill, by 250 votes to 62. Lord de Clifford has been killed while motoring near? Horsham, Sus sex. He applied the brake .suddenly and the car overturned, killing him on the spot. The Government has appointed 'special detective inspectors for duty a't Portsmouth, Chatham, and Devon f port dockyards, with a view to safe guarding naval secrets. ! A coffee-house keeper at Sedan, France, has been arrested for espionr age. He was employing carrier 'pig eons to convey information to Ger many. The Orient steamer Osterley, which left London on August 6 for Austra lia, is delayed at Colombo by a bent piston rod . . Ten deaths resulted from the fire at St. Malachy's Home, Long Is land, Netw York. Six hundred chil dren escaped. The nuns literally dragged 200 out of the burning wing. A fire at Krivoirom, in Russia, de stroyed 450 buildings. Five thousand people are homeless, and the^amage is estimated at a million roubles (£105,000). While hunting alone in the woods at Jervis Inlet, British Columbia, Earl Grey, Governor-General of Can ada, lost his way and was bushed for five hours.. LONDON, Friday. The Paris edition of the 'New York Herald' is publishing details of Dr. Cook's journey to the North Pole. The explorer left Annatok on February 19, with eleven men, 103 dogs, and eleven sledges. He star ted to cross the Polar Sea on March 18, from Heiberg Island, at which stage some of the Esquimos, with dogs and food, returned. Signs of land were seen, but they were decep tive mirages. Good daily astronomi cal observations were made, and the North Pole reached on April 21. There was no life, no land, on the spot — nothing but a frozen sea. Many adventures, nearly ending in disaster, were experienced on the return journey. Although Dr. Cook is a person of high reputation, some people are still sceptical. 'Bald and unconvincing' is a 'Daily Mail' comment on Dr. Cook's narrative. Members of the British Association generally acept Dr. Cook's bona fides and point out that- the only evidence he can have will be his astronomical notes. The captain of the steamer Clan Macintyre, now at London, reports that he received the Waratah's last signal, 'Good-bye1,' on the morning of July 27. There was a hurricane next day, the sea rising in a wall like formation, owing to the current running against the wind. Terrible scenes are being witnessed at Montery, Northern Mexico, which was devastated by floods. Thousands of bodies have been recovered. The Rio Grande Valley is flooded ?, and the river is nearly a hundred miles broad. Several towns in Texas are flooded, and the San Juan River is 20 miles wide. The Cunard liner Lusitania has made the trans-Atlantic passage to New York in four days 11 hours and 30 minutes, beating all previous re cords. Count Zeppelin's airship lias arri ved at Friedrichsliafen after an un interrupted flight lasting for 22J hours. Exceedingly animated debates have taken place in the House of Com mons on the new scale of liquor du-, ties. In one instance the Govern ment majority fell to 78. A general annesty has been pro claimed in Persia, where the ex Shah's reluctance to cede his estates has been overcome, and his pension arranged. j^eiouutuift iicivts ut^ji ui&tuvucu; among the bunker coal aboard the scout Forward while lying at Port-, land. The Prime Minister of New Zeal and has told a Canadian interviewer that he considers that all the domi nions will ultimately agree on one navy under one control. LONDON, Sunday. There is great enthusiasm in the United States respecting Dr. Cool*'s successful expedition to the North Pole. The director of the British Rainfall Association says the t'.-ideg. belo zero (cent.) reported by Dr. Cock is 20deg. (Fahr.) lower than ever before experienced. In congra tulating Dr. Cook, President Taft said that his achievement stirred the pride of all Americans in the intelli gence, energy, and wonderful endu rance of their fellow-countryman. Admiral Beresford, speaking at To ronto, said that if the Imperial Go vernment interfered with the domin ions in the control of defence, it would place them in a subordinate position. _ Though some thought there might be danger of the domin ions declaring themselves indepen dent, as they had a perfect right to do, he did not believe there was any chance of it. A meeting of the London Under writers discussed co-operating in the Commonwealth's search for the Wara tah outside the familiar routes. Though the scheme is likely to be warmly supported, underwriters., are extremely^ pessimistic. Reinsuran ces can still be effected at 90 guineas. The Victorian Minister for Public Works, writing to 'Tlie Times,' ap peals to Great Britain to assist Aus tralia in increasing her population. Opponents of immigration are, says Mr. Baillieu, in a- minority, while Australia as a whole gives a cordial - welcome and considerable financial assistance to British immigrants. An anti-war meeting held in Paris . in connection with the International Trades-union Conference culminated in a free fight. The Spanish force under General Aquilera routed the Moors near Elarba, and inflicted heavy loss, es pecially on the cavalry, who charged . twice under heavy artillery fire. ? An explosion on a Turkish troop train, due to a dynamite bomb, kill ed a number of soldiers. The out rage is supposed to have been the work of Albanians. The receipts of the Pacific Cable Board for tne year ended March 31 were £13,093, and the expenditure £96,435. The number of messages' despatched was 243,922. Forty-six representatives of the Japanese Chamber of Commerce are on a visit to the United States, with a view to strengthening friendship and trade between the two countries. At the Marylebope Police Court the P.M. fined eight suffragettes, charged with molesting the Prime Minister, 40/ each. The _ magistrate agreed to state a case in order to test the right of persons to present petitions to the Prime Minister. LONDON, Monday. Dr. Cook was subjected to a search ing cross- examination at Copenhagen by the special correspondent of 'The Times ' and Mr. W. T. Stead, in the presence of 60 journalists. The two examiners declared themselves satis fied of Dr. Cook's bona-fidep, and the 'Daily Mail' reports that the bulk of the journalists left convinced of the truth of the story. The explorer, however, corrected the statement re garding the low temperatures, ex plaining that a telegraph error and had substituted centigrade for Fahren heit. Sir George Nares, of Arctic fame, blames Dr. Cook for taking Lieut. Peary's Eskimos. He also points out many reasons for sceptisrh. At the inquest of Lord de Clifford, a farmer testified, ' His Lordship, finding the road too narrow, ran into the bank, and chanced his own life to save me.' A cyclone has swept the province of Catania, and destroyed 3000 houses at Scordia. Sixty persons are entombed, and many injured. Miles of country were denuded of vegetation. The Swedish Labor Federation ordered 11,500 workmen, not involved in the original dispute, to return to work unconditionally to-day. The other 12,000 will resume when the wages dispute is settled. In connection with the theft of the French machine gun, the public are convinced that it is now in Germany's hands. The missing corporal has, it is said, reached Metz. Mr; Winston Churchill, speaking at Leicester, said that the great difficulty which confronted speakers at the Budget League meeting was that they had no one to reply to. 'If the Lords win, they will have asserted their right to control the finances of the country ; if they loose, we will smash their verto to pieces. Lie uten ant-Gen eral Baden-Powell, inspected 11,000 Boy Scouts at Crystal Palace. The.. King, in a message, assured the boys of his great interest in their movement. Fifteen of the Maori survivors have reached Plymouth. They state that the Cape coast is the worst-lighted in the world. ' The Times ' special correspon dent in the Far East states that Germany, by means of her railway agreements, now holds the key of the position in the heart of the Yangtse Valley. Despite the Self-denying Ordinances, 1898, she has successfully manoeuvred Britain into surrendering her position without showing any disposition to, surrender the exclusive rights she herself claims. ' The Times ' abvocates co-operation between Britain and America, vpith a view to placing restraints on Chinese borrowing propensities. LONDON, Tuesday. Mr. Richard Lawley, only son of Sir Arthur Lawley, Governor of Madras, was killed on Saturday while hunting in the Nilgiri hills. Germany is preparing to launch three 19,000 ton battleships and a 22,000 ton cruiser, as compared with two British cruisers of the Neptune class and a small cruiser. A party of suffragotes accosted the Imperial Prime Minister outside Lym pne Church, Kent, and knocked his hat off before he escaped into Lympne Castle, where the family is holiday making. Renter's Agency has received a tele gram from Commander Peary, at Indian Harbor, Labrador, stating : — ' jEEsv© nailed the Stax%s and Stripes to the North Pole.' The New York ' Times ' states that Commander Peary has telegraphed from Indian Harbor : — ' Reached the Pole on April 6. Lxpect arrive Chateau Bay September 7. Secure control of wire for me there. Mr. M'Millan, a mem ber of Commander Peary's party, has cabled to Worcester Academy, Massac husetts, where he is instructor in mathematics : — ' Top of earth reached at last.' Commander Peary tele graphed to hie wife : — ' Have made good at last ; have the old Pole. Am . well. Will wire.again from Chateau.' All the neiwepapers in both Europe and America unreservedly accept Com mander Peary 'slcable messages that he reached the Pole. Eight armored cruisers of the United States Pacific fleet have sailed for San Francisco, on a six months' cruse, in cluding a month's battle practice at the Phillipines. A gang of train [robbers near New castle, Pennsylvania, precipitated an express over an embankment, killing two of the passengers, and injuring 20. The whole population of Simla gave Lord Kitchener an ovation on his de parture, and made a remarkable demonstration. Owing to the unsatisfactory state of the Czarina's health, the Czar has abandoned eis contemplated visits to Constantinople and Rome. At the Trade Union Congress, which has been opened at Ipswich, there are 495 delegates, representing 1,701,000 unionists. Mr. D. J. Shackleton, M.P., presided. 