RANDOM GATHERINGS. (From Various Exchanges.) The Queen's new Danish villa, near Copenhagen, is being got ready for Her Majesty and her sister, the Em-<*> press Marie of Russia. The pictures in it are remarkable, having been painted or contributed by members of the Royal families of Europe. Among the dainty knick-knacks which can be turned out by the clever needlewoman is a little holder >for lingerie ribbons. A soft length of gash ribbon should be chosen for this purpose, one-third of the width being turned up and secured at in tervals by lines of faggoting to form pockets, and the hemmed edges finished in the same way. Pieces of cardboard to fit the pockets are wound with different coloured rib bons, and put in place, and the whole secured with a bow of rib bon. In the course of an articlto on "The Dress of Business Girls," which appears in the July number of "The Qirl's Own Paper and Wo man's Magazine," the editor sayyj >— "I must allude to a style of dress that is far more objectionable than anything I have mentioned so far, and that is the transparent blouse, which permits the otnlooker to study the cut and make of a girl's under wear. Of course this style of blouse is by no means peculiar to the office girl ; it is worn by girla and women of all grades ol so oiety—and all otf them vulgar. "To speak quite plainly : Is it nice or refined for a girl to give oppor tunity to all and sundry who may come into her office—possibly men for the most part, and not neces sarily all gentlemen at that—to study the tramming of her under wear, which she has emphasised by adding coloured ribbons that specially attract the eye when white might pass unnoticed. The girl who dresses in this way is fast losing one of the greatest assets and charms of her girlhood—her personal reticence. Men have a saying among themselves, which it would bel well to bear in mind : 'The thiniter the blouse the commoner tho girl.' And the most hardened men of tho world will denounce the way girls appear in offices and public vehicles in these vulgarly suggestive gar-i ments." Mrs. Eckstein was ?the first hoa-. teas to entertain Lieutenant Shack* leton and his comrades privately oa their return to England. She gave a very charming reception at hcte house in Park-lane. The rooms were beautifully decorated with rambler roses and smilax, and many cele brated artists were renuisitioned to entertain the guests. Among them were Mme. Tetrazzlni, Mme. Clara Butt, Mr. Kennerley Rumford. and M. • Ysaye. The splendid ballroom was filled with distinguished guests anxious to meet the explorer, and Mme. Tetrazzini was the first of the artists to whom he was presented.? She sang twice, and afterwards Joined the hostess in the audience. We are a nerve-ridden genera tion, and the infection spreads with alarming rapidity. One ner vous person in a household is like the proverbial unsound apple in a barrel of fruit. Sweets are the open sesame to a child's heart. The promise of them dries the tears on wet cheeks; it bribes the mischievous boy to be good ; it is an effective reward for learning lessons. The Inspector of British Immi grant Children, Mr. G. B. Smart, in his annual report, says that dur ing theTast ten years 2112 chil dren from the workhouses of Great Britain have been sent to Canada. The Parliamentary Secretary of the Imperial Local Government Board in a communication to Sir Wilfred Lnurier, dwells upon the extraor dinary kindness of Canadian people to British immigrant children, and of the care with which they were treated by the officers of the De partment of the Interior. Madame Nordica, the famous prima donna, was, last month, quitetly married at the Congrega tional Church, Duke-street, Gro# venor Square, London, to Mr. George Washington Young, of New York. Mr. Carter, First Secretary of the American. Embassy, gave away the bride, and the grooms man was Mr. Townsend Martin. Among thos3 present were Con suelo, Duchess of Manchester, and Viscount Maitlf nd. A reception was held at Claridge's hotel, and the couple afterwards left for a yacht ing cruise. The bride was dressed in an ivory- white satin gown trim med with lace. Her jewellery con* sisted of a rope of pearls, a gift of the bridegroom. She wore no thing upon her head. There were no bridesmaids. The service was very simple, the strewing of rose leaves before the bride and bride groom supplying the one pictures que episode. 