NEWS IN BRIEF. TO-DAY’S ANNIVERSARIES. MONDAY, 29th MARCH. PUNJAUB ANNEXED.—29th March, 1849. JOHN KEBLE—Died 29th March 1866. ADELAIDE PLANNED BY COLONEL LIGHT.—29th March, 1837. CHARLES WESLEY. —Died 29th March, 1788. The Quensland Premier (Mr Kidston) is exacted to leave Brisbane on his pro posed northern tour of inspection about the middle of this week. Imports of .eges .from Denmark into Great Britain nave reached an enor mous volume, this country having con sumed over 490,Ct!0,000 Danish eggs in 1997 and also in 1903. For the past three year s a robin has wintered at Fleet Kectory, Lincolnshire. TV hen the cold weather arrives the bird roosts on top of a grandfather’s clock, taking its meals from the table. Mr Samuel Aldred, the senior auc tioneer of Yarmouth, recently died at his residence on the Quay, an ancient house in which the Cromwellian party signed the death warrant of Charles I. The Bank of England reserve of notes and' coin is £33,712,000, against £29.733.000 for the previous week, the proportion to liabilities being 49.05 per cent., against 49.41 per cent, the pre vious week. The coastal steamer Storm and the steamer Kakatu collided on Thursday night near Lyttelton, (X.Z.) in clear weather. A gaping hole was torn in the Wakatu's bows. The Storm’s stern was damaged. Professor David, who is a passenger for Svdnev bv the steamer Alaheno, which'left'Wellington (N.Z.J on Friday, looks remarkablv well. He speaks en thusiastically of Antarctica as a place for health recuperation. Woodpigeom- have committed such great havoc among .the green crops of Hampshire that a crusade is being rais ed against them. Shoots have been ar ranged nightly, and as the birds come into roost large" numbers are killed. A Euffv breeder on. one Monday sent a crate of yonrg pigs to Mildura, where thev should have arrived on the iollow i-,V TVednesdav. They did: not reach the'r destination HU Friday, being coop ed un without food or water during that M <laVndah. the aboriginal suspected of the Cninvhilla murder, is reported to have been s?en on Tuesday night in the vicinity of TViston. Gavndali is ap proaching Hnramba Mission Station, and the police are in active pur.-nit. The Koval gates at the Marble .arch entrance of Hyde Bark, London, have been uncovered to the pnhhc. line sp&rimvn-; of hammc-red work, they ars all'wrought iron. The total cost of tiic £ute- ha? been «£3 ? 000, and they weigh fo:ty tons. . , , . The hag? from Jstrntiord, to be sent to Sti i.t;ord-on-Avon. England, are finished, and were unfurled on Friday at the State school. The flags will be placed in a hardsom*' casket of native woods, and dt-patehed by the R.M.S. Malwa. Thi decree of Bachelor of Science tit London hViiversity has be=u won by Mr Percv Liwis-Dale, with-ut interruption to his duties a? a clerk in the North-West ern Kailway Company at Crewe, which occupied him from nine a.ui. to 5*30 p.m. chilly* Sir Hubert von Herkomer. speaking at the Authors'* Club recently said that he once saw a picture called “The Coming ttorm” advertised for sale and under the title there were the words in large type "Suitahiv for a wedding present.”’’ * Mr Henry Baximdale last month signed th* aarrimVnt with the tru-tees by which h? acc-.pts a comparatively small sum out of the legacy of d£i}o,(X>o loft him under his father’s will, and renounces all fuither rights, in favor of his anu sisters. Incljv Hooper, sgod 14, of Elmore, was white-wachiag’ thv fireplace on Friday, when her clothes took nre. Mr J. Breni ner, who was working in the next yard, heard her screams, vaulted the fence, and extinguished the flames. She was remov ed to the Bendigo ‘Hospital. Alderman \Viimey~r, of the Dcniliquin municipal council, who was elected for the "West ward was subsequently chosen for nomination to the Minister mayor for the ensuing year. This selection, it io hoped, -will bring the municiu.pl dead lock to an end. i lie .agricultural department has de cided, owing to the quantity of aisettsed potatoes coming to 'Western Australia from the casern States, charge an inspection fee of Id -per c-wt. All dis eased potatoes will be condemned. The cha.g-e will come into operation on Ist April. At the Maryborough (Qj Police Court on Thursday Cbaries Henry Crompton L-wis was charged with the larceny as a servant of A3lO, the property -of the Ciown After hearing the evidence for the- pi- rs.'cutton, Lewis pleaded guilty, and was committed for sentence at the next district court. in reply to a deputation the Acting Premier -of West Au>tralia said the Go vernment had offered an advance of to establish smelters at Fremantle at a cost of «&GCKK;». This ofler was made hi the interests of the mining industry. Some hitch had occurred, or a start vrtild have been made before, i At the meeting of the Albury Pas ; tures Protection Board a resolution was | carried urging that henceforward the | cancellation of travelling stock reserves should 'not be proceeded with on the ap-- | plication of any individual wishing to I acquire such reserves, and that a gen erui inquiry and report be made as to i the cancellation of reserves. | , During-, shunting operations at Gayn : dan on Friday, a passenger carriage ami two waggons ran away in the direc tion of Degiibu. Alter traveiling about two miles they collided with an incom ing special cuttle train, damaging the engine to such an extent that the train could not proceed. The brake, van. and a carriage were also considerably damag ed. A Japanese named Saltie was on Thurs day released from the Fremantle gaol inter serving a sentence *of five years for the manslaughter of a fellow-coun tryman on a pearling lugger at Broome. . Ga being released the authorities put the ' immigration test to him, and on his failure to pass, re-arrested him as a pro hibited immigrant. He wjll be deport ed to Singapore in the steamer Gorgon next week. An important alteration has been made by the Adelaide University au thorities in connection with the * Mu?. Bac. degree. Hitherto, after a three years’ .course a student had to * prove capacity as a composer, but the board of musical studies: has now resolved to provide an optional test, so that in tu tu?*? after a three years' course candi dates will hare the privilege of qualify ing for -honors as either composers or executants. On the Sth December, the Bendigo City Council wrote to the Postal De partment, requesting that the chiming of the city post office clock should be stopped during certain hours of the night. A reply did not come before the council until Frida}*, when it was stated that portion of the post office building over which the clock had been placed was under the care of the State, and that representations should be made to the State authorities in the matter. Tiie local Parliamentarians will be asked to do all they can in this direction. At a presentation to Alderman John English, of Sydney, the Lord Mayor of Sydney made some remarks concerning .the measures now being to im prove the city Sydney, he said, had beeu richly endowed* by nature, and the citizens of to-day owed it to posterity to transform it from an unsightly town in to a “cit}* beautiful.*’ - The cost of the Wexford street and other resump tions might frighten some timid persons, but he thought the fine r avenue connect ing Exford * street and . the railway sta tion and the new market, when built, would be as splendid as any in Europe, and would be nmple , compensation for ; the expenditure. - - , - 