SPEECH BY lili. KIDSTON. The elm.-miali said before lie oüi'.d ,-,|iori Mr. Kiloton ho would ask them to give! him a fair mid impartiul bearing. Uti did not think any mun or woman in tht hall von hi I!.ink it manly of the two or three hundred men at the licek o{ the iv.tll try- ing to howl the candidate down. .Mr. KIDSTON' «a* received willi loud mid prolonged applause, which coinplclily drowned, the hooting which .am ? fron; under the gallery *. lint after tim ruevring bubsirlcd the iiiti-iiii]'Linn columned y-j that Air. Kidston was umilile to ¡.meced for Rêverai minutes. MJ. Kidston, in o|XMi. ing his t^jeccli, »aid-" I um exceedingly j.veud and honoured to .« imcli :i ¡¡re.it meetiiitt here to-night. (Slight t-h.'.-.'png for Mr. Pinnell.i I nm hunoti:-d at (he gi eat reception yon have given Mi. >'!rant nnd myself I am honoured iu> Mr. (,'rnnt is honoured although the little iTowd uJid heilten crowd howl'iig nt the hiu-k of the lmll does not know it. (Applause.) As I tohl you I »'fore, if you Drought you would bea nie ut tlie ballot-box you ' would be sat Ulled with that. After our lust liiectiiig here 1 went away from ltorkliaiiipton desirous ol visitiuç tither larac coastal mit'...!! of papú, lotion bu-aiise 1 ,i¡id a ln(tlc to fijrhl foi Oucenslnml. (Cheers.) 1 nm pi.Msed tn wo from the howling thal is (:i!;in<; plac a(. the tack of the hall tonight that m j rolieupue. Mr. (Iront, musí, have 'icen li.'lc limr them up very badly whit- I »a< nie Milt. I wa» nlso pleased lo nnii ?1 'hal whm mir opponents bad n«'iMÎng.-»--lh.i1 «lien ou- opponent/1 held large meet ingi- -? yon did un I he honour of giviiii l Ii "iii :i loir hearing. Although hclirving tl.at vu were giihii.' tn beal. them, you nllnv -j Mien tn sljite their can- ami iou di.l nm how them down, lt swac tn nie A ,rc.i( in Milt to the ether two i.-iuiliilafc- wlir, IP nt.'iiiil'iit' in <.-!<h»i"ptmi that Huir sup porters m-,, vl, "iraiil ol' thrir elianei'- I'-'i their milt eh.mic i- in howl u- dinvn (Hear. Itcm'.l I am J.nl t.> le'.! >-n.i Ilia wheivvei T !l:'Ve lieell. fruin I ll.irli'i Towers (« Tnmviiniul'a. I Imvc untn.l Iii i MI me thins. (Tlie .?eilii'ii ni ile '>.<? I: " ithe lmll -ainu " l;,.l| il,e t.'d .-lutin j ulong.") A lillee limiihpr "Í pciipu. 'mi Inniie. then- lu li-deit to-niphl. and (lie: ¡must be permitted to hear even if tiic luci Inf thc lint' lind lo lie cleared Tiy thc polie-." (<V*i- »wi inlemiplioii.) lill: dllMllY J'OIt THE UOVKl!>i MICXT. " I vii- l,i-||ly "liilit'eil wherever 1 V rut ¡'lulu > ll.'vt er- Towers tu Toon nollili I,'- Ml. '\ii|-(nll Mii.i. "li. loni i'll OM-rctling!'. 'liniy ;.ulilii- .-Liniment in favour ni (lie i.iiviiii.iieiii i<!ni I'.r «in\\..tiiiiM'iu |"iliiy. In aliiin-i evi iv pim-.. I wcnit I" 1 fuuiiil. in spite ni linn -ei.iiini'iit liin'iifii'ile ti ii-, jusi u- I liml^liei-i! lo-niglit. il miall 'eelinn nf Un1 rowdy clement in the coin .uimtty-lill.- disturbers here «Hiiiiicnccd 10 sing , '. lii.ll Hie old chariot ulong" .¡...lin) iittenioUii-. lo prevent UK fruin ;;«.!< iii-j n heiring. And 1 eal! the atten- tion m' Hie linne -..ober «nd attentive I eoplr of Hie eoimiiunity to what this kind . o' iliiit^i means. Do they want, lo lie ...ueiiied by this kind of" tliiiu; or not! Do they want to lie governed by moll rule - I am thankful to thc excellent mm mit tee t luilj, lias licen working for Mr. t ¡nuil .'ind JIU; for their devotion timi the .rood »m k they aie. doing «nd for the way in wbieh Mr. '(.rani on hin own hus hern 11 lili I this Imttle, thus ennlilmg me l.i visit the other parts of th« suite. I i-oiigrntuhitc Slr. Grant ou th« way ir whirl' hr hos-fought this bailie Hi Imf liai! ail the gioiil j>uns of Hie Oppositinr iifrainsl him and even pome very small bore» like Mr. Hardacro ; but Mr. (ïriimt bas held up his end of the stiek exceed 'm.gly well. Oxiud cheers and groans.) ll is luijninakeably clear lliat, lUiless Mr tJrnnt bud been 'giving them something t' think about, there would. not have licor so much Knurling at thc back of Hie hal lo-nighl. I read with exceeding plcasun thc very able and masterly speech whiel Slr. (¡runt delivered in the Mahonie Hal I«n Tuesday week. lt. was a speech whirl any utudiiuitc in Queensland would hu vi Iheen proud to make. Now I have tried td Hirouph this routes! tn fight Hu 'battle on ils merit-. 1 have dealt ex ivedinfrly j|ittle with thc nbu(>c,*nd lm'wrc presentation wlu'eh stvini tri Tie the prin t-ipal stock-in-trade of our opponents. (Re r.ewed singing "t the lxuk of thc hali. I have no intention of lukin-; up you (inie to night dealing with the uuiny ñiJih mifthtatemeiiU ot attempting to refute Uv oft-repeated abuse th:it Ins boen indulge! ¡ll. f ask von lo keep liefore you whei you go to the liallot-liox on Nminhw Ilia' this contest lins mil nina t<> ilo with tin Judgeship, (he Speakership, or pori fnlir* in spile of nil you hove lipon told ulmir thew Illings, in 'pite of thc monning whi i seli-sccking |ioliticiiiiM bave Wu iiinkiii'j wiict you lime to settle on Siiuirdny i» On what lines of policy do yon wa'nt ti see Queensland governed, and, above all whither yon want to we in Queenalani an ellicicnt Parliament capaWc of oat -ry uv on tlii! bwiufc'ss of Queensland in a busi nci-slike way. If u majority of you nit prepared to' risk Hie Sorialistie *m'icv o the l.iil)oui- party, il is desirable, that'yoi ??liould return a niajoritv ol Labour inc: lo Parliament -; but if you prefer the mor moderate and democratic policv of (he pro sent (ïrivermni'iit, Uijcn il. ls dourallie yoi should i-elurn a niajoritv jf (he member vim support that policy. (Loud cheers. lt is eminently desirable that some part; should be relumed lo pawer nb!«* t! nirry KI the public b-jdincFs of Queensland nut whatever oise happens, thc Maieon lents should Ix- wiped out and cither th I/ivbour paity or lue Government "wirly sen Iiaok to office with a woikinj majVritv Kow I have, not Hie slightest, doubt nt tb pio~c(i( time which party is going buck t power on Saturday. Neither have on opponents. No mun «lin knows Queens land «I all lia**nay doubt tiwi the (in vernment party £*. «oing hack with ; stiling working majority. (Laud cheer «nd groans.) You have a sn-all party i Rockhampton al the present time that aj peers (o he animated hy an insane desir to cul off their noBCR to spile their ipt-cs. (Cheers for Labour and "loans for Mi IviiVlon.) "TRYING TO ,ST1R UP SIXTAIUA" ST1Î1FE." 'Mr. Kidston trent on lo 6ny - " They appear to have stuck al notliin; I can quite understand why there ii tlii organised obstruction (o-niglit. They in tit illating thrungli the town some tboi sands of ncwspai»era with th.» most sow liions und abusive article about, the Gi vernment and inyt-elf. nud which is nolhiv moro nor le-s than a wicked attempt I nlir up .-oriaiinn strife in ÍCockliaitiplc mid Queensland. Asmiiuingjiialiiraily tin 1 would deal with'this nrtiele to-nigh they luivc sent an organised party here ( attempt to «ilene«! nie ; but if I stay bei luitil twelve o'clock to-morrow night, will deal with it. (Loud applause.) Th article, which most of you limy have sei in a little Drlsliiinc paper calleii ' Tuc Agi reprcwents the I'rcmier as being aiiiiiiali with thc ino*!, liolcnt and wicked desire oppress Cat-holies and Irish |>eoplp geno ally in QuccivJiiiid and tu* wickedly try ii to block Irish emigrants coming Queensland. Well, they have tn.ido H.r statement, and it Ls a fair thing lt) ¡tile me to make mine in reply, is it not (1/jud applause and groans.) If you w not afraid of the truth squashing you, yi will do' it, 1 will tell you H>melbii about the jjenesin of that article late but first L will dcul with Hie slatciiic in the lu-tielc itself-thal a. very sniali pi portion of Irish emigrants is coming Queensland. Now I will lake the flgui which arc quoted in ' The Ape ' arlie There is a. reinarkalile onincideiicc. (D order.) I can tpiitc muhi'sdiud yo situation. You .ire not game lo liste Now, here is a it>niiirkal>lc tiling in ci nection with our iimnigi'iitioii Usures, you take thc number of iiiimiïrants ' got from Britain and work it ont in )ii .portion to the population of Britain, y will find that thc number of inmiigrm we got from Itritain was forty-five per ii lion of thc |K>pulntiou -. and if you wo out Hie iiumlicr of InVi iiuinigrants proportion to thc inipiilutiiin of lrclui you will lind, curiously enough, (hut t numlicrof Irish immigrants wu.i also for 'five )«.!. million of thc [tcoplc of Irelui (InterrupUoii.) So Hint elementally i figures on which the whole article is lin; ure proved lo ls* fallacious. l.et me I you fioinothittg else. The Government di [not hiing immigrants dum any conni iiidinTiimnately. A« ii limiter nf f.i mme (hun half of nil thc immigrai that we get niv noininoted from Quee laud. We have tlirce kimi of immigrai -nominated iiniuigTant«. indented im' igrimtA. «ml assisted iimnïgiaiil». 'I ¡only kind of iininiiiiiinls tint we In- here free ii Hie domestic servant. (1 order.) Only pitipié resident in Quee land can nominal«* iininigr.inls from old country, and il is not of the slight enusci'iieiiCJ1 to the iiiiiuigrnlioii agi 'whether Hie iinniipnuilU nv Knglish. Iri |(ieniimi. or iinylhing el-e. The law Q.nshiiul is just the sume for all ill tl ro.-porl. So timi c\en if un undue p pm I ion of i nilli i1» i-.i ii I ~ is ruining tr England or Sont la nd il only mellis Hu that tile Vaiglish und Sluttish resident* Queejii-liinil ure uniiiiiiiitins their friends ii grenier rate limn lue IJ ï-li residents I Queensland are lining. As it hnppi |lliis is not the r.i.=e. As I linve Silin von. in pro|»irtioii tn the population Uril a in sud Iveliuul lue. uiinih« r of in. giant-, ur are gelling is jiwl thc sunn euell i ii-'1. Since I hnve been Pivniir al H,1*1 mic from it short lime ¡Hierva -we have adopted a. method «f mal the |K;o]ilc of thc old country nrquuli with thc opportunities offered lo them Queousland. Every week from the C e.rrliirv(iilÍ!,. WI» M ini linnie Minn' WU M. nml nu Hie outside |"go of all m i' ;ltm uewspupci s is a nollie in red uk ili-ilding nj, .i pa|ier), giving |uiri i«-u . is ni winne |ien|ile cilli'gyt lU'liiatc ihinn.il inn alni ¡c-síslallee ill culling In lue.ni.-l.inil. IA \oiec : .? Aii.l von w int lulu nut ¡ll (lie huck Mocks I" . i¡u ve."I Now. fifty «ii these newspapers ?n rv week aie di'-! rilniteil In ii ailing ? iiii'i- ami liliane- thr- iughoiil Ireland. Hi -ii..<?; .i IK all our ¡iMÍmis in lliat natter we at- alwnut-l.v making lin dil' en nee. i «ill li ll vim'vnnietliin-;-. Only il.lee muni lr. ago we paid th.il «line jw per ? tlie lln.-liiiie 'At:.'' ten gnin-.i- for the ¡¡¡lit t» nwi.lW. '.i -¡veeiaUy iUnstratid uliele ^iiuwini: Iiuw M:eei>-iul lii-h |M<ip'e nave been in Queen-laud. Anni not only lid we du that. Inn. w, »erl lilli» copies nf 'he pilier tin ill-liili'ilioii III liviano". Uei'e. s the "letter ul 1 lie manny-r ol' Hie ' Agc.' .fli-riug lue thal advertisement for It'll tivliiea« with my minute nu it i n.-1 met im; Hie Vinter-Seerelary !.. aefe.nl the olfcr. lien' I|iriiiliii'iu<j a leltei ; ii- the tinier -eeietoi y'- leite. ii'Mr-i-eil tn the intimider >f the 'Aue' accept in.; ll.Ile!1, aiul le.'ie is Hie Iel ter nf niue to Hie Agent-(ielm-ll (N'r lie.i-.iee To/t-ri. V.ni will just permit :iie tu read it. The date ni thii letter i> the 17th ol July, IPUil. This is Hie lettel to Sir Hornee Tozer 'I have the hom ur lo ir.fonn yoi: thal I ¡un forward in;,' vim for your ollie a pan t I containing.'litW topics ol tie ill Wiall'.! "Ase' of current date, (filing on pill's 4 and ~>. a sperially ülnslratet iiiiacle on tile SUÍ-CCÍ.S of the Irish ir Queensland, alni lo ask you to hate tin goodiu-ss to see that they an- jitdicious.'} distributed lliinugho'lt j rein ml. I wonk like you tn ascertain what il would co«! to have that article inserted as an ad ve.rtisrnieni on the first or last page 0 the Dunlin ' Weekly Freeman.' " I think those of you who have licen aliV to hem- me* mid those who woiild like ti rend the newspaper import of Uli* to-mot row ii.inning, «ill we .itiite i'learlv tlui the tacts f liave given altogether dLsprovi the f-uriiluus and wicked arti'-Ic in th ' Agc' (l l.rs.) I would just like to tel yon .-'anethiucr cbc. It is not no easy ti «et Irish immigrants now, and this is'wh; it is not so wy-in later yean condition ¡ii II'dand- tluniks to tlu' *pi-ogros°ive am j .iilviiieei! policy that has boen adopted i regard tn that country-have licon eradu [ally beginning to nii'.k'e things bel ttl" i Ireland, while the mun' patriotic of th ' p'ibli-- men there are doini; every!hin they <-a:i to diseiiiiragc It ¡.-li innnigi atio tn a'nv cniialry. AA"!n-n I waa there las year nmontr the leading Iii~lnr.cn I lind th pleasure ot se in;» my friend Mr. Deviii une nf the iii":iiliers for Belfast, an he explained tu nie the change of opinio that iras lakivi: pince in Ireland on til immigration i,tu -tim. 1 smv large sion in Dublin « It" ai re attempting-"' The disoiilrr herc became m vr»nouner that Mr. Kidston, uildresMiig th" polici said that ii two men v.l-.i, were ven- pn lumen', iii the middle ot the li.ill in elva ins disorder did nut./ d,»sis1 assistant would hate tn he got to remove then < Cheers. \ Air. Kidston, continuing, said : "I wi not have this gloat meeting disturbed, they keep quiet, good .iud well. I foiui in Dub'in large stores which this leavr «Titten over them "AU thc. goods in'th store aro cf Irish manufacture.' There i& very strong pa itv in Ireland; ami ninny i tile leauine; public tuen nie working wit it, lo a-y l" slop thc tide of emigrati' and to try to get the people to «tay i home in Ireland and make Ireland n bett country lo live in. Ari a matter of fact, showed yon in the letter 1 sent to ll Agciil-lïeiieral (hat | asked him to p thal ni!¡eic, advocating emigration fvu Ireland lo Queensland, republished in tl Dublin ' Weekly Krceiiiiin." and just to-di I rweived a cable from Sir Horace l'on in which he tells nie that the »ubi ' Weekly Freeman ' w ill not «"-ist in ai way to promutc e.uiigiiiljpii from Irclni -that it even refused to take payme fur an advertisement urging Irish "peoj lo leave I rc I II n, I lo go anywhere. Ko that is the growing public fcntiineiu Leland. lt is bcoouiing more difficult, I said, to get immigrants dont liviai and, in spit." of nil that, the immigras: we pot from Ireland Inst ywir We t faine proportion to the popidation of I: land a- th:- ii.iinigiaiiis irom Hi it ubi lu to thc "lopulalinii of llritain. Now. I col to what is Hie purpose "f this disend iibV attempt lo stir up wianui « racial strife during this election, and wli f tell you what. I «tn about to tell y and when I read yon this nliidavit, y will sw how very iieees'fljy it was to U a crowd lieiie (u niaht to pi ct eu! nv tn speaking. (At this stage Ike. dirtuH* «ll nek up (he song J Koli the nhl ehur along.') Here is a sworn statement fr (he Hon A. II. Hallow.*.vhn was netiinj Premier while 1 was up um (h. Whiîi was inv.iv thc manager nf (he 'Age' nei paper. Mr. I tufton.'came to Mr. Hail mid -.bowed him thi.- scurrilous article Irish iiimiigialiun. He »Iso showed : Harlow ' a telegram. in which name of the place and the name of sender was inked out. Thal teiegt rlTered the ' Age ' £.">" for publishing t article, und, further. promiM>d to take st thousands of copies of lue paper, if article was published, for distribution, sunwise you all know hy this time wi those thousands -of copies were sent Tiny were sent to Mr. Allen's comim'l room«. That te why these people ure I tonight. Tliis thousand copies of article were sent up herc to -Mr. Alli committee-room and distributed jil Rockhampton." (Disorder.) "TH1C POLITICAL BAXKEIÎ." " Now," «aid Mr. Kidston, " when I i looked at. that article and MIW language of the first part, 1 i imsed it had lieen written hy our fri thc political hunker : hut when I er dercd that the writer had appare offered IMO to have it published. 1 pol i doubt ful IM to w hether that gentleman done il. (Laughter.) I can only say t if his aniiiKHity has got so much tin- ter of him (hal he wa« offering £ñ0 thc publication of such au iirticle. iv I think he is off his eliuiup-(lau^hte ..ind his friends ought lo look aller Why I thought it was him is (hui write-, has Mated me very badly ior tn pint lu ii home rule meeting thal place in liocklutniploii ninny years agu calls it Air. Hodnioml'- meeting. ¡I lint Mr. lleilinond's meeting that 1 < to s|ieak nt, hut Air. .lohn" Dillon'.' n big. l'eiha)is why lie did not say ¡I Air. Dillon's meeting was that he tho that in my old memlv's of Mr. Dillon' u-plioii (iiinnu'ttee would rcilicinn 'r thc pnlilica! hunker, after priuiii«iiig t on the platform with Mr. -lohn I' backed down nml was afraid t<> g". only i)lirei i.|ice bel ween him anil nc in respect wa* I hi- tint we both prov to go and lu- wai afraid to g" and I not afraid to go. (l^wnl iipplnu-e i the univ thing notable about thi- r. is thi- - appearing in the "fliper in \ it. appears. il is nialiifcst'y I most. di-,1 editable attempt In 'np "eetiirviii and racial _ auiiu .luriii" lin- pv-^eut clift inn. !i( 1 b.-l ever-.- vnte in Hnckhaiiiplon 1 !l would denn muí' every mau who li II lint mut tn- ii.in élection Util'' - niiplau-i'i -ami I du not care who lu- th, nut loinw yinm- Mr. -^"''11 very 1 mid I am very unwilling to lihice the upon him. ' (Interruption.) \''ry .wibly^lr. Allen is simply bc'"fi (ool oí iii (Iiis connection ; but whether !i« i« being made a tool of or not, bc lias bern associated in HIM mader with (bc most iLi'eicdilablc iitlciii|il. 1 reinem lier in a liiii kliampton election tn i-f ir up -i-i fmimi and racial animosity in a way redilablc to ¡my mun who irul am illili" whatever tn' .lo nilli il. l/rul elieeis.) 1 will watch with very gi'e'i. in- terest, mi Saturday how many '. lei tors in lindjiuinpl'in apjiiote nf this j;iii[| ol thing h-'ing done hy voting for Mr. Allen. You must not, imagine that you van \"t-i tor (he uieii wini do thesi. things mid fail lo *hare their rc-poii-il-ilil-.. Kvery niau and Uliman in lïoekhanipion wlio votes tor any i.nuliilile n-siwialeil with Dds kind of thing bini's hillls,.If shaine. (Loud applause ¡ind groans.) They suv Ilia* music hath eha.iins to sooth the savage breast. 1 am going lo t ry il. 1 claim that illy sen fintents in this matter of riu-e fee'ing arc perfectly well known in IturkluunptQ.i and, I believe, everywhere else ihrnughout t,luccus|e.nil. Here arc some verses written hy nie which express my sentiment- in this mutter. They were written, I think, a long time before I iras in politics . Sigh ye no more for thc lands left liebiud you lar in thc midst of (ho Northern Sea. Sigh ye no more for thc lund of yoiu' lathers, Hut work for that land that your iMi- dro«'s shall tic. Herc in 1 bis land of your choice and adop- tion ; Here 'neath our kindly, our southern skies ; Here in this bright land of freedom and plenty A great strong nation begins to arise. Orange, or green, or whatever your parly ; Protestant, Catholic, whatever your creed. Here all are welcome and here all are equal, For all we liavc room and for all we have need. But leave the old Btrifes where Satan begot them ; Kvil aye comes from limit hale breeding spawn. And let ii generous tolerant love 1« The creed to distinguish Australia'* dawn. Orman, or Frank, or Norwegian, or Danish ; Every while mnn (hat doth love to be free. Come here and welcome, and help make Australis, Fair liberty's home in the Southern Sea : And leaving thc hatreds of rac- aud ' nations ; . Follies Hint fattened old kingcraft of yore. Teach to your children that freemen and equals. Are all who draw breath on Auslrslia'í «hore.' These are the sentiments of the Premier of (Jueciisliiiid with regard to thc question of racial immigration, and I sincerely hoye that, for the credit of Uoekliamplon, the people who have made this wicked attempt to stir np sectarian, ami racial »-trife in this country will bo rewarded at the bal- lot-box on Saturday by losing their de|vosit money. íljom! cheers'and groans.) " '. POOH UTILE ll AI'DACltE." .1 have told you," said Mr. Kidston, " that I have nu intention of wading through thc columns of misstatements and abuse w liieli 1 have seen otu opponents iu dulgin-:; in ¡ but 1 notice a statement hy- the late member for Leichhardt-poor little Iliirda.io IM some people call bun- ill regard to the uriheijr which be say« the ('mcriimcnl practised. Ile asset I« thal Mr. Maxwell was retired from thc position of (?Y'vcmmcni whip mid given another billet nt .töDlt <ier nnnum. Ixit me say this-that Mr. Maxwell dining (he lust v-ssinn of Paiiiumciit acted with an un- selfishness, a patriotism, and a public spirit that a mnn like Mr. ll.nilocre it quite incapable of understanding. (Ap- plause.) He was not retired ¿rom the whip-hip, hut forced lii< retirement on me. As a mutter ol fact, he took up the work of au o:jjamiser for (tic People's Progres- sive la-ague, -v.il ll- refused te lake n pi'imv '»¡eic from the committee of that lo.v:iio mr al! the work he did. I had not a Isellcr lunn in I'arlianirul last «v~;o;i Hun Mr. Ma:;wc!l. A more devoted, loyal, or iiii-e)Csh mail never acted with any hilder of a patty. There ore quite a mini. L-r of .similar niiss'iitemejiis in Mr. Hurd acre's rs|i?oc'i. Mr. llnrdacre sis»ms ti imagine Hun intelligent men and women will Iv-lievc statements uiniiliilcly willi ont any proof if only he repeats (hem mien enough. Ile knows quilo we'd that Iber.' U a small section of people in Hu community wno ure always prepared to be lleve, oveiy evil of their neighbours, nm' who arc always delighted (o have wandal om .-tories to tell to their neighboius." THE LAHOITI PARTY'S COALITION. In ilie eciir-.. of a comparison of Hu pi'i-;.>i.'iimnt¡¡> of thc l-oveiiiinent and tin I iii our party. Mr. Kidston said-"No« wl.it is the work (hat thc Lnlsmr eon li lion is wanting (odo-a coalition thal lin Labour party is ashamed of. There is nol a decent mm in Hie Labr.ur party bul wita I is ashamed of it. I am not sorry al ill timi, the Luboiir party U making u nu's take and has not into a hornet's nest, ni lather glad alxv.lt lt becan-c it give, myself ¡mil my partv a much belter chance I simply want to point, mil this : I not in that Mr. Purnell, spwiking .--imcwherc Hu other ii in lit, saM to his ti ¡end-, in u vcr» -.outeuipinous way. that ii they hail ¡ spa'e vute (hey should giie it l.i'jh. Allei \- ('-.Highiet 1 - if they had untiling II-"-III tn do with (heir rxtr.i \nio. tin..- cm!, gin- it tn Mr. Allen. And the iinui-iii fhiixt is this-(.hut these are thc vcr; people w ini linc been hini iiie.' al out rn', tor making a coalilicu. and thev are try- ing l-i gel info Pailiaiueiil some ol' lin men -.vim urged nie lo make that coalition Mr. Phiir wu« as nundi re-pni-.-il le for th er.ilitioii us I un*. Anolhei thing is thu (he untertunnle Iju.lmiir partv in Sont I llrislmne. who are lint ghi In howl nt Mi KiiUlon lH.,ause he left (lu Labour pail; ill LUIT, aie, al (he sume lime, asked li '.otc fm- Mr. Airev. who al-o loft lin I.a'nm, partv in 1*»>7. Why il is cn!; ii1 out eighteen molli li , siter you iver howling at me hoi-aiisc 1 »as too g-ioi lo Mr. .iiiey. Whul kind if lailour mci ale you who coule lo an op|ioiicn('s nicol ing l i Irv to howl him (¡own ; Y'on derlei lue r.inilidalcs herc at II plebiscite, whin I iiuih i siaiiil your members did liol (uki ciioiigl' intens,! ¡n tn conic up (o (In Ma-niv- lla'l und vote, mid von hud ti carn the Uillui-box down to the wharf (i ..?I tildi inlis. Then, after thc plebiscite ice ol Ihe-r raiidiilntes, who had pre irised lhu( il' he were selected he wooli .;,i through the election, wilburn eon -ullina von al all retired j fmi' Hie . inte-l. \v,,v did he chi il I W'.ii.'d like ti> know whet hi- llie sniue mun who sent IMO I .'Mic Agc' u-wsycipi'l- was (he pet-en. who p<-i>uudfd Mr J'lncll to ict.ir in In.en- ni Mr. AMen. (ininti cheers uni in(i i i -.i|i| ¡uti.) ] f dink any decent Labnii tuan utter this, whin li«'hears the won .iHi it'on iiieiiliiiucd. will pull his hal dow: over lu's eyns. If I nindi- a coalition made it openly und every mun knew wir ,1 mude il. lt, «HU remains for ll« to fin lout whv the Labour parly made this cnn! lion, why Mr. nindi, rel i red, and why Mi Allen was taken on in his {dace. Air. ¿ Willis : 'BecaiiBe we (Icing!.! wc cmihi do some good villi liiin." A uric": " How about gelling von for (lie ."illi of Nnvciu I.-CI-. Dlil.V.') "The ?.'lld ni llclolier will «eitle yum limit, my ii'ieiith and. mon i lin ii Hail, von kniiv. it. I v.n-. t erv nindi 'Mllllscil wllen I went Li liKltMl nul l. J lound (liai, une .il '.cur eleni gin « wini had been tili here had «.me vbvui tn T mw mimbil ind a-snred them thal lhere wr« uni Hie ".hii-t of a chance ni Mr, KiiUl.nl I lag rc .ni lled for l!oekliaiu|itou. (Airplau/sc). Xmv 10 yon not wish yon could believe that t i laughter.) Wnltld you not gc. ont and ?hake líanos willi yourselves ii you bo' icved thal;'" (Laughter.) WHO PANSKI) 'I UK DKMlXRAÏIC MKAMIihS. "1 think,'' said the I'reinit r." th.it Hie programme 1 put hciore you and the evi- dence of the last few yeat s is proof enough thal, thc Uovernnient is .syui)ni(hetiij w'lh every kind ot social and iiidiislurj. re- form. 1 notice that the IAIIHIIII' l'eus pupers are giving a long; list, of j-et'ona mea- sures which we have passed and they aie claiming that these measures were solely the work of Hie Labour jwrly. (Wileen : "So they are.') Well, I neve'arc just two tilings j want you to notice in thal coii rveuon. 1 think yon will admit t.ma alway«, when speaking on this subject, 1 have given the Labour party every credit thal wits due to il for helping us l> phis that legislation. There is plenty of tred'X for «li : bul 1 want you to uotic that when ¿hese bilí» were introduced thc . Worker ' and other Laliour newspaper* denounced them as mere palliative'. Now that they see the result of that ixj'oriu legislation, thc Labour jiarty claims cicdit lu the sanie oihYial organs for having passed these palliatives. Let mc cell you something else which' you seem to bc very mixioiia to forget. The Parliamen- tary labour party in Queensland waa never in a position to poss one of these measures on its own. (Interruption.) I would not care a snap of my lingers about Vois if my voit* were strong enough to en- able me to make myself bund Mit it is just tia well that thc sensible people of Hockhnmptoii should know what- you are howling at." Mr. Kidston vent on to point ont that the reforms which had been obtained in Queensland were due to tho Labour party acting on his nd vice mid BO altering, it« tactics ns to allow thc union of forces with the Moignn jotrty to be made. " When the Labour party worked according to my methods." he said, "itgot reforms or it helped to gel reforms. Since it left nie il bas not got one reform. All it has been obie lo do to block the re- forms, and not only to block refoims, but to block all legislation and all public busi- ness. , Under its present leadership that is all the labour party «¡8 good for. Tn regard to the impxrUmt work of tjc. de- velopment of Queensland, the labour party, with its present policy «nd under it« present leadership, is hopeless. (A voice : " So were. y ou'l-ll we put you where you are.') When you told me tiiat before i told you Hint it might be taite : but you could not put me out of where I am. ? (Loud cheero.) If you only thought you could put me out of "where lam you,woúld¡ lw quite quiet aliout it ; hut you cannot lio it, and you know you* cannot do it. Let nu tall you this-it "is ti very good thing for yourselves thal you cannot put me out of where I am. Thc policy we have put heft/re this country- ne ure going to fut through in spite bf thc Labour party. It will never bc able to say again that it got these reforms at any rate. Iiecause wc will pass them in «pite of that (tarty. (Loud applause.) If th« twelve men who descr- ied Hu- pledges they made to the people of Queensland liad remained true, what- ever personal mmrms'tio* or grievances they hiid, half of the Rockhampton pro- gramme would have been on thc itrtnte l«ook of Queensland to-dny. (ÍJOWA ap- plause.) Did the Labour pariy in the hunt .session try to pa«s reforms ! Í.Mr. Jiluett : ' How caji a minority jia-ts re- forms ï') They could not do it, and they liuve never lieen in n |iosition to do it, us 1 ¡lave told you ; but if they bad bien desirous of " getting reforms passed, ( hey cuHd have heljied ns they did before, lt \VM hjcaiisc they did not want/Hie reforms passed that they blocked' _ till [/ul., ic business. Thal i.i the'change against the labour laity and the Malcontents to dav-the chu i ge" Out will kill their cause nt'the ballot-box on Saturday. I have ii I rca dy told you here that thc dozen rail- ways that wé wanted to start in January .-minot possibly lie started until April of May. It was* entirely the fault of the Uiboiir party, und, os I have already said, I hope, tittil the intelligent men and women in Queensland «nil recognise that clearly alni will take nome trouble to go to Uie linllnl-hox on Saturday and register their vote* to put in « party of sufficient Mim- bi rs to nuable us to put that cioellent programme of public, business through. There is not one of the. men who is oppos- ing the t'nveriiiiieiit whu sayB tliat thc f.'roernmeiil programme is not a good pro- gramme for Queensland." TUli LABOUR PAKTV.S POLICY. "This," said Mr. Kidston, "is the dif fcrcuvc between the Latour party's pro- gramme and the (?'ovejiimeut programme -the I yabulu' jutrty's programme, if any scrioi '. attempt is iriude lo carry it out, «ill I* the greatest misfortune which has t-mc k Queensland sinee she got self-go vcrnii'.eiit. Apart from our duties mill r. .jeet io political ¡md social roquire mciits. (he government of II. country like tlii-i ought m,t lo neglect the. duty of de- veloping its material resources. Tho actual livolili'inii ol' nenie nf Hie men who arc hin'.liu.' .it t|w lank ol the bal) depends lipon (bat being done. (Ml. Willis : 'Volt l ine nun- very weil oin of !(, nnv way.') Vc. and I vi ¡ll i|.i heller nut of'it. still. Thc f.l.jeilive ,:| tin Lihou, nnvl.y is (o mn'.niuilis.e the weans nf production, dis- tribution, and exchange. The lucre Ktuiling to ¡ry to do lliat tviiuld ruin Queensland. I M me Mk- nae example. I'liev refuse lo give any land al all in freehold. (A voice: '.mil- liglu.'i ll may he quite light. I no! argue :;n:iiust. ibat gentleman. So ¡me: ai lc- ¡s i a iniii.nilv he can do no bunn : I ni 1 uau' i<> u-k you what eliance « lhere nf gelling iul.-!|ig.Mi.t mid illilus ' linus duiner- flinn I br old emmi ry bern 11 I li ?" \ kunu h.-fore iii--, ¡eau- Kilgland i bal D ev mun.,I g.'i ,i fm ni in freehold, .'.I- they can gu le i .luail.i. not a (Ililli . il (bc listóme IHMIV ami gel liTi'liolil |.ia lieally tor uoj !ii:^a. I Inn :, mil. the ? i"lii--l ihuihl thal if any i-viotis attempt, is neill ' ia Quecn-laim io du away willi kv I in frcvbr.ld ii will dring about n state el iuluMiia] ;ni,i .uinercial siaguiiifhuv lli.il vi ill li, ., hliglii LU "very home in t,'ii 'i 'i-!iiiid, ard Hie ven- nicii who arc howling a! the ba-k nf lb- ball will lie iii' uva win. will [eel 'be industrial dis bu atrjii iii -I and unr-l. I' is not dis- puted, whatever univ be -aid ng.iinst my s.-il pev-inaMv nr n-ain-i. a ¡iv ol lier meiii b. i- nf the Ui.vMrv- pev-n|.,,!lv. that the '"I: i ..n I, rn! "h,i-i..,i¡.." ,,, ;|u, i,,-,^,,,,)-, '¡iiveriiineiil lu- iiniliiiililedly helped l,- le- n-'.Mhl Jim - Hf nil" nf jirospcrilv. (l.e'.nl ur ,vi:.l ui.1,111-..-, Kven lie in U'c "i 1'ie I .sri un ? Hiv have lint (he e.M'.iag" ;.? ilene tiru ii «,. "" |" powei ci,.: nv- mn nj |i.ili,.v mid eon Iiniie nu r.ie -nine lines ,,( administration as >i. Inivc h.-ii duii.g. we -bull still foi (lief Indi Hie pécule ni Queensland on inc wa.- of prn-p.'ihi. (hal ide develop mein «if i ur mali rial iv-nitiecs. Hie open- ing u;i nf mining meas liv railways, flu! opening up ol auriculi ural mens by rail- ways, ami thc bringing in of (bc right claw immigrants lo lill tin- ,,,iin( i \\. will .ni * thc piospcritv a.nO welllx-mg ni iii ?opie ni yuceii.shiii.l. (Appian*,., i I- i «?HUH ry (" say lu mi j iiilrllÍL<-m ma W'IllUUl M llii'll OÍ tllr.-r I e II ]llill. il- 111.-, '.gill to support, iliitcirupliiui.) I w.i caking nimm llio iuiolligciit II..'ii .ni míen."' (Laughter ¡uni applai>e.i '. COW E. TO Till'. l'OI.L" Mr. Kidston wool on lo say -. 1 «nul ¿e. lo tliiink my frirml.s at ihr I'a.k o e liall foi tlie'fuir and patient luaiin: ey Iinve given nie to night. iLniighi.e.r. have no doulil they think I hey har. Von me n lough lime, lielieve nie. yoi ive. done more injury lo your own can-i Inn you have done lo me. (Lon.I nj. lause.) Von drive eirn people who un cllhed lo agree wah yon over tn om dc. (A vniiv : "J oe Lord hnth deliverer lu into our hands.') Von see ii vim ear >y that at night o'clock mi i-'iit unlay ghi. I am going to send the saine cable is time, thc very same callie. (Liiuglifci ld appluu.se.) j lmve no doubt that Ihesi ntlcmcn who Iiuvc heirn so courteous nm! iient nt thc LmcldKif Ihr hall to night ill show thc some eouilcsv and patience ld good bcluiviour rounil the pulling, oth on Saturday. Hilt 1 ask c women nf Rockhampton not bc a bit frightened of them, icy are quite harmless, 1 assure u. I recognise quit« well timi a-iaiiigsl e great body of the public of Rockhuuip. tl there is very great confidence lli.it. Mr. ant and myself will lue returned easily : 11 do not w.uit you to «tay at home.' 1 int you to lake the trouble to conic to e poll. I want you to show on this ocea. « how little ground there was in Rock tunton public sentiment for putting up adulates in opjiosition to Mr. Grant nnd radi. There is no sensible »inn or iman in Rockhampton but' knows it mid be simply cutting ott his IIO-L to !te hi« face to"defeat Mr. Grant and my ,f. Whether 'Rockhampton returns me not, the party with which 1 un nco .ted is unmistakeably going back w ith a irking majority-(loud applause) -and t people of Rockhampton have just this otee--whether th<>y will still have tho ender and the lender of thc triumphant rty as their representative or not. ] I not troubled about il al all. Von all ¡ow that I go into thc fight with a henri id a-half quite irrespective of what thc suit will tc. But I wnnt the rhiht re- it for all that, and I try to bring it ont." "MAKE A TIE OF IT." Hr. Kidston said-" There is one thing Would like -you'to do if it lie possible nd that is that you make a tie between lr.' Grant and me for senior Member, joud'applause.) Xever mind about thc W fellows ; I do not. want any of their \- tea. You notice that Mr. Piincil did jt aay-'If yon have a vote to spure, ouck it to Slr. Kidston or to Mr. Gvaiit v 1 . knew wo did not need them, ll" said f you have a vote to sparc, chmk it to t. Allen/ who will need them all mid a. dd roany more.. .Now I want our friends, they can possibly manage it, to make r." Grant tie for senior member. (Tond piause.) It is not very often (lia! Rock jnpton lias had a belier member than r. Grant. All those who have worried m many times' on local matters know w good a member he has been, lie ugbt the last election practically himself d7 Otis election practically himself, and has not only fought Rockhampton inst alt your big guns and your te guns, but lie had time lo go and help in the neighliouring oicc itee both last election and this, ope thc Rockhampton electors will re- nne the merit of euch sen-ice by, at rate, making bim tic with mys"1! as tor member." ; «'A WORD TN C0NCLT3SION." ,NoW," »aid Mr. Kidston, '.' 1 would just a -Word in conclusion. Disregard lill public men who'come Wore you with u-personal grievances. . RcmcniUc-r thal the personal quarrels of politician^ do, ? signify anything to you. Tim thing t really signifies to you is how Hie pub. business of your country is going (n bc ried on. On w itat policy is it to lie car V oh, and what kind of men it is thal ve thc administration of your public ¿ira. . I wont you to disregard all the S Issues, the'howling of Ute mob and \- abuse of thc politicians who set the 0 on to howl. 1 want you to disregard these side issues and vote as you, your- tes think right for the party you want see in charge of thc public allah's nf èenshvnd. If you think tho Labour ty is that party, good and well. If you ok tile Government party is that party, .d and better. I want you to remember ?t the things which concern you when 1 go to the poll on Saturday arc not ruy {ness or some other public man'.s tusi «, .but the business of yourselves und IT families. If you think the affairs of censurad would he more safely cnlrus i to the socialist porty, vole for thc ialist party ; hut if you believe that the nocratic and progressive policy of . the '.»ent Government will make things lict for your families and for your country, m you will do all you can to support t party by putting Mr. Grant und my f at thc bend of the poll. As yon know, s is practically our Inst meeting of the .îpaign in Roekliainpton. I do not donbH t the meeting which our opponents arc tig to hold, and by other means, will itinuc. as they have liecn doing, to (ir- ate malieiniis and lying niMnlaiiitiira. ak you tn take no notice of thc sálte- nte oí mir op|K)iients. I. do not even ask .1 to be guided hy the opinions of our j .mds. Thc only judgment,I have ever :cd from Hie electors of Roik'itinip I is Ibis-judge me ns a Minis , judge me as n public man. the work I have done. (]/nid cheers.) you disapprove of that work I am quite .'pared to lake your verdict; but I know Ite well thal seventy per cent ni least, äiiably eighty ncr cent of tho thinking ni and women of Rockhampton approve Ihc work that wc have IKCII doing und »li that work continued. (Loud ap lusc.) I have tried, so fur as my i-cnglh permitted against such howlers you have heard to-night, lo go through e coastal centres of population in ieenaland and place (ho views of the Go- mment, thc policy of the Government, wi thc political situation os fairly us I tdd before Hie electors. Even my op nents cannot say (hal I have shirked y duly in any way. They i nnnol say I IB ever afraid to fnee the electors of ucenslnnd. 1 know that 1 have had n wd case-never mun lind u better ease ? put before tin' body of the electors Util I llave. I um liol nt al! afraid of Hie / ¡l'dict which the electors of '{iircnshiinl «Ul give on Satur.Liy. 1 h»vc dui)., my fart of ill" «oil;, ami J np|"uJ in 11,', sensible lin n and women of lim kh.impl.iu to supporl mc. (Ijinid applau.M .) licincm ber Hutt Mr. tirant and I ari' sining In du sour work just in piopurtiou as you muk' 'us strung. ( A vii.?<? : We uill" pul y..u donn.') 'Hiere is un m.in innniigsi y,ui Iras ibo power to put n;e down, liol tlc whole of you put (ngillin. Von wimbi I»', glad to he I h-ve you had. Now this i my la>t word- -1 have done my wink in Hus matter, ] have done my duly lo you in this matter, your duty eoiiu's un Satin day, and J await with coufidem.' thc rc suit of your verdict.-' (Prolonged cheer. with groans fruin the back of the hull.) Thc cough' dial, is contracted in (he inter, and which continues through Hie, iring and summer, licarly'alwnys indicates mic throat, «ir lung trouble, and should nt be neglected. Thc ordinary cough irdieinc limy soot he the throat, hut it hus ot. the power to heal. Iteiovcry is not oinpletc, and a second attack is innre, «hie lo follow. Von cannot get a heller ledicine for coughs of this description han Chamberlain's Couiih Ucim-dy. ( haiu KYkiili's Cough Ucitiedy is mi excellent nedi'.inc for all (luna.! ami lung trouble, tor it not only soothe* Hie irritation, lint t heals the 'affected purls, mid leaves hem ill such a healthy condition, (hat thc langer of a second attack is removed. For «il« by all Chemists and Stuickcepcre. Advt._, . 