NOTES AND COMMENTS, . ? * ? ? — ' Over 400 tons of green crops will- be cut at the Wagga State Farm for stacking. It is intended to afforest the waste lands of the State with trees of economic value. The Lands Department this week announces that there will be openings at Gosford, Car coar, Grafton, Singleton. - ? ? - - - The report of the Forestry Branch of the Department of Agriculture indicates an all round expansion of the timber industry. The Government has decided to make a reduction in the price placed on Boree Creek closer settlement blocks, owing to intending settlers declining to take them at the price fixed by the board. The Danish method of egg collection ia proving successful in South Australia, and enabling producers to get better prices for their eggs. The Victorian DepartmeiA of Agri culture is sending over an expert to study the system. The Federal Attorney-General says that the States are within their rights in prohibiting the importation of potatoes. Sydney pro duce merchants are of the opinion that the New South Wales crop of old potatoes is almost exhausted. The plant known as Patterson's curse ig reported to be spreading in parts of Riverina aud creating uneasiness amongst farmers and - graziers. The plains beyond Carratliool are a blaze of purple colour from this noxious weed, which spreads rapidly and smothers tbe native grasses. Messrs. Lindley and Walker on Thursdav received a wire from Mr. Thomas Avery, o? Narrabri, advising them of having loaded a truck of new wheat. This represents the first grain of this season's harvest, and is about three weeks earlier than the opening consignment of last year. The fact of this early start being made cannot be taken ia any criterion of the maturity of the crops of the State, however, as generally they are a little later than last season. Experiment made by scientists in the Agri cultural Department at Washington shows that an excellent quality of paper can be made from maize stalks, better than, that from wood of any sort, and there is every reason to believe that the business of paper-making will with in a few years be revolutionised. This dis covery promises to add considerably to the value of the maize crop, as the uses for paper are constantly increasing, and the material for making it rapidly growing scarce. The sharp line between despair and hope has just been illustrated in Queensland, where a day's rain has made a wonderful change in the prospects of the wheait farmers. All the wheat required rain, but sonte of it was 80 stunted that the owners despaired of any good following a fall. However, the wheat shot up with remarkable speed, and at once heads be gan to appear and fill out, and 15 bushels to the acre will be reaped in these places. In others, where the wheat was more forward, the estimates run up to 25 and 30 bushels. Captain F. W. Holden, who is representing the British Immigration League in India, has written the hon. secretary in Sydney, stating the result of his investigations in connection - with settling navy and army pensioners and re servists on the land in Australia. He finds that many of the men, in addition to their pensions, have capital, and are prepared to take up dairy farming, fruit and vegetable growing, and horse-breeding. Captain Holden also states that Australfan products are being very favourably commented on In India, and has sent tbe league a schedule of the articles which are most in demand. A discovery of much possible value and great interest has been madfe at Westacre, in the Matoppes. Recently Mr. J. G. Mao donald, of Bulawayo, forwarded to the Rho desian Department of Agriculture specimens of a leguminous plant bearing large quanti ties of nitrogen -forming nodules on its roots. It had been observed by Mr. Hull that at Westacre land on which this herb, originally regarded as a weed, had grown, supported much better crops of lucerne and oats than elsewhere. A specimen has been identified at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, as Ses bania punctata. This is interesting in that recently in India a nearly related plant, Ses bania aculeata (-1-Dianchu'')- has attracted attention, and is there recommended as a green manure for paddy fields, on account of its recognised fertilising properties. Ths plant found at Westacre appears to be widely, distributed in Rhodesia, and another form, possibly new to science, was found by Mr. C. E. F. Allen, occurring plentifully in ths Zambesi Valley, near the Victoria Falls. 