:, IMMIGRANTS TO THE WEST. 30JFERNMEST ^POLICY ^ CRITICTSED;' ,'. . '?'''. -? : f ??? VOTE CUT DOWN. ' ?»? ........ ... PFR.TH. Fehmarr 1. Consideration of the lii-timates was re Binned in the Legislative Assembly this afternoon. Mr. Johnson moved to reduce fli-. Ham 'Iminimtinn .-fiT.OfK).' hv £nM in order to. obtain an expression of opinion in regard to the Government's immigration policy. He had no objection to immigrants who intended to settle on the land; but in. the post 'they had been getting a minimum of that class and a maximum of those who came into competition with the tradesmen of the State. He accused the Government of giving- preference to immigrants in tins provision of employment. He claimed thai the time had arrived for the stoppage of assisted passages:. An improved class of lecturers and a better system of advertis ing were needed. The Premier urged that the system shouldnot be altered. _ Then; had been a vast improvement during the past few months1 in the supervision of im migration affairs.' During last year 1.200 nominated immicrants had ?arnvdd from the old country- Xhey had crouuiii; capital .KTegatinsr about. £30,000. The Leader of the Opposition (Mr. Bath) asser tcdlhat riot 10 per cent, of the imnvgrants who were beine brought to the State went on the land. The Government found them employment at the expense of men who !md been working in the State for yean. The immigration policy of the Government was b«inR used bv -landowners to obtain cheap labour. After considerable d'seiis sion a division took place. The vote baing equnl, the Chairman (Mr. Danish), iu error, cave his casting vote for the amend ment instead of the .? item ! as ? printed, in order to allow further . discussion, in ac cordance with practice. At the conclusion of the division the Chairman explained what had been his intention; but said that. ?having given bis vote with tne Ayes, and decided accordingly, he did not feel just - Red in altering it.- The Government con tended that hi? voice- could not be taken against, his intention: but the Chairman ruled -the noint out of order, and' the vote was passed as amended. 