AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION. A CANDID CBITICISM. The Australian Natives' Associsjio and a section of its members came' in for some severe criticism at the hands of Mr. Geo. G. Meek, in the course of a paper read by that gentleman at a meet ing of the Cottesloe branch of the A.N.A. on Tuesday evening last. Mr. Meek said that his1 criticism of the A.N.A. was not commenced in any captious spirit, but in an honest en deavour to clear away many misunder standings. He had travelled over the greater part of Western Australia, and had had exceptional opportunities of studying the organisation &nd; its work. The A.N.A., as it appeared to him through its Western Australian members, might be divided into at least three distinct classes, viz.,,/benefit members, genuine Australian patriots, and those who saw in the organisation an oppor tunity to foment dissatisfaction between Australia and Great Britain. By benefit members he meant those who joined the Association solely for the sick benefit, doctor, burial fund, and social ameni ties) They comniprised the greater part of the total membership, and with them he had very little concern, except to say in passing that they could invest their money with lequal advantage in any of the othed friendly societi s. The class which he described' as the genuine Aus tralian patriots was unfortunately in the minority. For them he had nothing but the warmest sympathy and regard. On their part there was an earnest de sire for' the advancement of Australia socially,, politically, and nationally. They were the men and women who recognised the fallacy of setting up an artificial birth qualification, and who acted as a brake upon the revolutionary section of the/Association. Their sole desire in joining the A.N.A. was to encourage the growth of a rationhl Australian senti ment that could be held by all Austra lians whether native- born or by adoption. Class number three consisted mainly of members for whom the intelligent mem ber; of the community could only enter tain contempt. In season and out of season they did their utmost to stir up racial strife. Their sole object in at taching th'emselves to the A.N.A. 'was because they recognised the power of organisation. They were usually to be found among the loudest of lip fighters professing a strenuous 'regard for Aus tralian advancement, but at the same time working for a set, purpose-the fur thering of their own designs. They ?ight fittingly be described as young . in a hurry, and they were usually persons with limited b'ain capacity, and aithout an., atom of the.fa nlty of analysis. As a class they did not hesitate to speak of their cousins and in some cases brothers and sisters as foreigners, .and could they dominate the Common wo~th, would keep Australia a close reserve for the benefit of those who chanced to be born within its. borders. Their hatred of things British was ex tenided to British persons, and it was a common occurrence to find them as in dividuals supporting manufacturers and persons of every other nationality, not even excepting the much-despised China man. This was the class that kept thousands of Australian-born citizens from joining the Association, and helped tot trail the true national 'aspirations in tha mud. They were consistent in their incqnsistency. While travelling through the Murchison district he had taken the trouble to jot down a list of goods worn or used by a certain prominent member of the A.N.A. He was smoking a .briar pipe stamped "made in France," filled with tobacco grown in America, manufactured by an English company, and distributed by a combine of American and Capitalists. His hat was made in ?ng land, his collars were stamped "Irish 'linen," his tie bore the trade-mark of a London firm, and his suit of clothes was •manufactured in the United Kingdom. His boots were also of American manu facture; in fact, from head to foot .he was clothed in articles imported fmm countries outside the Commonwealth. Upon visitinit his house he noticed the p ano bore the name of a celebrated English firm, he was handed a cigarette from a packet put up by a Bristol house, and at tea was, immensely tickled when the goodwife placed upon the table a pot of jam made by Crosse and Black well, and a pot of bloater paste manu factured in London. Now, most of these articles could have been obtained of Aus tralian manufacture, but so consistent was this member in º his inconsistency that he deliberately 'passed over, when selecting materini, ,Australian woollens, and preferred goods made by the hated foreigners. That was not a fanciful pic ture, but one of evryday life, and sunmi lar cases could be multiplied largely by a critical examination of the clothing worn by the persons in that hall. The A.N.A. claimed to be a national organi sation, but the claim could not be up held. An organisation to be truly- na tional must make its ten'ets of entry so wide that every member of the com munity, without distinction as to place of birth, could join, provided he or she wa wlliner ti mlhhnri'b ÷. + a. ^?^,_ of the organisation. He asked pertinent ly which was the more likely to have the cause of Australia at heart, the man or the woman who had willingly and with cut compulsion made Australia their adopted home, who had all their interests centred in the country, and who had had sufficient experience to enable them to judge impartially and without bias the varnous issues placed before them, or the cl-ild whose only qualification was an accident of birth? If the Australian spirit was not horn in the child it could never be create'd artificially. If it was born in them then the A.N.A. was an ab surdity, for the arbitrary birth clause prevented the organisation carrying on maslionary work among those who should provide the very best mates al for con version-the Danish. Swedish, German, British. and Italian immigrants who were continually landing upon their shores. The encouragement of a rational ,n Australian nationalism was a desirable object, but this could only be brought about by breaking down the barriers of sectionalism and by endeavouring to get all sections of the population to merge their individual inclinations into a com mon end, viz., the building of a great Australian nation. Let the A.N.A. make their organisation a national organisa tion, not in name only, but in actual deed, continue and extend its educational work, encourage the support of Austra lian man.ifactuv. and industries. and endeavour to foster a higher standard of living amongst the Australian people. and a higher recognition of the value of ethics among the young. Then it would gain the support of all right-thinking Speople, no matter what the place of their birtlh. Run upon the lines he had laid dcwn, the A.N.A. could and would be .ome a powerful lever in pushing for ward the progress of the Australian ratioa. 