Ihe Immigration Question. Every outsider who gives advice to Aus- tralia seems to concentrate his attention on the immigration question, whether white cr brown. This was the case with Lord North- cote at a great dinner given to him in Lon- don last week. In his {.peech he spoke sound sense. But the empty north seems to cause quite a number of tho most vocal of Australia's well wishers sleepless nights. Under these circumstances it is interesting to notice that Mr. Batchelor,- the Minister for External Affairs, has discovered that in the latt ten yeArs the Chinese in the North- ern Territory have decreased by almost one half. During the first eleven months of 1908 in Western Australia, 51 more Malays left the State than came to it, and we simi- larly lost 13 Afghans and 14 Javanese. On the other hand, we made a "gain" of 200 Japanese, 325 of that nation arriving, an-1 125 departing. At the end of tlie year wa thus stand as having increased our Asiatic population by about 150. From that total, however, there ought to be deducted the" deaths of Asiatics in the State. Even omit- ting any allowance on that head, the figures mean that about 4 per cent, of our entire in- creased population by immigration is made up of Asiatics. Of our entire gain of 3,851 during the eleven months, 3,408 were of oui' own British stock. The next greatest gain was in regard to Austrians 132, Germans 67, and Greeks 57, while of Italians we actu- ally lost 50 on the balance of immigration and emigration. In many directions West - ern Australia is being asked to grant a more cordial welcome to Asiatic peoples and j those European peoples who do not speak the English language. It would bc interest- ing if those who take this view would ob- serve how the legislation and administration of other countries is tending. The great re- publics of Spanish America J)ave long been noted for the rash and indiscriminate wel- come which they extend ~to immigrants. None have shown greater Beal in this direc- tion than Brazil, some of whose southern provinces have become so filled with Ger- mans that there were rumours that the whole immigration was being secretly subsid- ised by the Kaiser's Government with the idea of some day claiming suzerainty over | that part of the Kew World. These German colonists, however, have in no case displayed a tendency to seek the protection of the Fatherland. Yet the Brazilian Government is taking precautions against the multiplica lion of settlements of colonists not speaking the national tongue. A recent immigration regulation requires that whenever settle- ments are formed of foreign immigrants, 10 per cent, of thc colonists must be of Bra- zilian nationality. When a settlement is designed for more than 300 families an equal number of Brazilians must be planted in the neighbourhood. This, of course, is ; merely a wúse precaution. Even in the Uni- ted States, with its wonderful powers of racial assimilation, there are districts and settlements where Swedish or Danish or some other foreign language is habitually spoken, with the result that there is con- stituted a State within a State. Canada had the same experience with some of her Rus- tían and Austrian immigrants. Such facts as these are a warning to this State. The Japanese, of course, are making efforts to avoid being bracketed with other Asiatic peoples ; bul when euch precautions as those to which we have referred are being taken by Brazil against Europe, is it to be won- dered at'that the United States and Aus- tralia should alike show a tendency to more regular discrimination in favour of that class of settler which most rapidly amalga- mates with the body politic? 