PUBLIC MEETING AT ATON. At ]0 a.m. Messrs. Deakin and Groom addressed a public meeting in thle local hall. Cr..C. Gunne presided. Amongst those on the platform were -Crs. N. J. W. Neilson and W. L. Dart, and MIessrs. R. James and MI. Bloom. In the body of the hall was a fairlv large and representative gath riung of residents of the district large, that is, considering the hour at which the meeting took place. The front seats were occupied by a number of the senior scholars of the Gatton State School, who were ac companied by the head teacher (Major J. K. Fowles). The Chairman apologised for the absence of the Chairman of the coun cil (Cr. T. O'Brien), and bespoke for Mr. Deakin a patient hearing. (Ap iplause). fr. Deakin, who was cordially re ceived, made kindly allusion to the ireclnce oel a number of the State school scholars, and then remarked lhat hie hald already been beguiled into something like a political talk to the senioirs of the children on the present unsatisfactory condition of party politics in the Commonwealth. Now he would direct their attention to matters which werc likely to affect the pieoplle of the Commonwealth. Perhaps they inight ask why such a- great hlcitage as the Empire pos ?.ssed in Australia was allowed to reimain so little utilised ? Their elders s\ree aware that thile introduction of population to Australia would in trease the well-being of all those inow r?sidet hlere. They did not, to any extent worth spealing of, oom pete wilthl each other in Australia. In ti?e agricultural and pastoral wealth of the country tlheir competition was airoad, and an increase in population would not in any sense affect the ia tersts of the producers. It was sur prlesing that population should in crease at so slow a rate. The na tural inereass in their population was nothling comlersd to what it should le. nor were they doing much to bhiinr iosleti heli' from the land from which their 'sfathers came. Whilst not wishing to criticise State .Gov ernmemnts or State Parliaments hle must, in justice to thie Common ,-11althsa, -ssy tes thie lattler had eno thine to reproacl itself with in con Is'tion wilh tlhe matter of immigra tieon. 'Nerly thres years ago, he, as Ibhen Fedeal Premier, mads an offer In Sydney. and IIsulBsequenly i-n Mel bouire. to the State Premieirs to piace on the Iesstimaes anys slm i.1 canoey iieeissarv to brin t the country, at the expense of the Cnim monwealth, any inumber of desirable immigranc(s for lwhom tihe Stlate Gof' rnmansts wcold uindertake to fidr land anld emloymoent. ( A.lplnsm~e. Ile res,_rettds to saye thsi: not a sil rli State haild iIered to ticks ndvadc tag is of ti 5hat 5enro s ofler. Oh course the. ('Iiiiiunc iwealsth itself soult not underitake to illtrolleucs sattllrs. nii it. had no Ised upon ashirh teo Ilsee theme. inor o| her ageeneies wchcuh cc-scsi in iosssss?ii eel ti eIs' Stats'. h' tellel racel -srlill ii t he' i-Iis''Iill itlll \\\slsicii his G,'ol'lm, ct isu sicit Isid fo h ta. ing over some .500,000 square miles of counnry comprising the northern portion of South Australia, and ex pressed a hope that it would be IIlace4 before Parliament for ratifica sion early in the coming session. That would be the first step which the. Commonwealth could do towards peopling that country. If the aereemont were adopted they could bring out a slpecial number of people to occupy that unused territory, which wasgqow aconstant and legitimate tass tion to other races. The land be longed to the British Empire, by whose flag it was protected, and it was for those to whom it had been aitrusted to make use of it. The first step towards that, them, was to people it. They could not complain of an hostile invasion if they left the. country untilled and unproductive. in connection with the peopling of the country the necessity arose for af fording the new settlers opportunity to aequire the requisite knowledge to enable them to utilise the country to the best advantage. Hence they must look forward to establishing ex perimental farms in that district. With that end in view his Govern ment had inserted in the - Bounties Bill provision for voting some little money to those who undertook to raise new products in that particular locality-products such as cotton, co coa, coffee, fibre, plants, &c.; Of course the Bounties Bill also provid ed for the payment of bointies for products raised in other parts of tAus tralia, and likewise made provision for the development of the fishing indus try in the Commonwealth. Bounties encouraged farmers to engage in ex periments which they could not other wise afford to enter upon. He be lieved that it -was possible for 'both the Commonwealth and the States to do more then they had done for the great primary industries. In this. connection he alluded to the achieve ments of meteorology in India and in the United States, and expressed, a hope that, as a result of lieutenant Shackleton's discoveries in the An tarctic regions, the Meteorological Bureau of the Commonwealth would become more effective.' By the way, he remarked, it was the Deakin Go vernment who established the Meteo rological Bureau, and who also voted £5000 as a free gift to wards the Shackleton expedition, with out which that expedition would have proved a failure. What' was that sum compared with the Inowledge .which had been gained as a result of 'that expedition? 'Before the. Deakin 'Go vernment left office they placed be1. fore the House a bill framed by Mr. Groom ' providing for the establish ment of an. Agricultural Bureau for the Commonwealth.. The.Agricultural Departments of the States had dose; wood work, but there were many pro blems affecting the farming commu.. ity which. were not common-to every State, and which might be dealt with. througn thih medium of such a bureau,. which could be worked in coinjunction with the weather . forecasting depart ment. He hoped that their suooessoir would pass that bill. .Certainly they would be :reminded that it should' e. *adopted. Alluding to the ?questionnf the immigration of the proper. 'class of people, he said that the' peoplh people here should be willing to wel-' come not units but thousaids,el a they cosld be employed' to their own profit and to the profit of the" Commonwealth. The country .could not afford to devote any proportion of its resources to. the upkeep of ,? military establishment. The dsfenDa" of the country should depend ;n 'tis' whole population. In this connee tion Mr. Dealdn referred to the ds# -fence scheme which is' party ..hail dlaced before the country, and inioden taTry stated that if Australians wish ed to hold Australia they had no choice but to bring people here, and, without teaching their children mili tarism, they must Dprepare them to be able to protect the homes of the people. In this connection the uni versal trainine provided for in 'the scheme of_ his party was, in his opinion, the best course to adopt. Of course they would require to see that their ports and harbours were protected by the establishment of ports and by a flotilla of destroyers. Beyond their coastal defence there was the gfreatest and most expensive form of defence- that which was 'af forded by the mother country's ibattle ships. That was why it was their duty to give some token and evi dence of their realisation of thi benefit which they' derived from 'the protection ,afforded to them by the British fleet. In his concluding re marks- he said he saw no way of Australia's being able to afford to defend her coasts except by, immense Iv increasine the production of the Commonwealth by means of peopling end utilising the vast waste spaces i the country. This was possible vitli a tide of immigration. One -rueat side of thee policy of his col leiiu'res and those who had been as soeiated 'with them wrs the settling of Australia and the developing of its productive resources, as well as the training of 'thl people;to be prepared to defend their hearths and homes. (Anplause). Mr. L. E. Groom, who enoke for some little time, and who we well recoivold. remarlsed that the little csee present were neeiving their first tr-in ine in Australian citizenshin. Then, warvine. to the' subjcect of Deakisisnm, Ic' obh?rvd thnt it hasd Ibeen saidthat there w.s iin room for Doakinism ?i Australiu. What, he would ask, I P1eakinism stand for? It stood for thie protection of Australian industl?es. for the preservation of the' Quemsland industries. includin. , of course, te eager industry, tHl ls;s of which "',uild hie a erat blow to Queensland ; it stonod for )referential trade. for the elln?olrame'np nt' of Austrerlia, rural in lustries. for a vigorous immigration policy. for thel defencr rI Australia in sl'sa n \'av that the local forces could co-operate witlh tihe Inmprial forces : n rl for ther nwlcomin?? of immiclreist ,f every nation providld that their idleals wonr in common with those of '" 1people o( Australie. Tnerictlt ally I. -. Gionm themn emlnocised the Ger ' In m nd Danish settlers in the die trict, and then, -i?roding with his definition of De lcinism, he said that it stood f~ls the amnicabile settlement of the complex dilicultis lbe'tweel tA. Commonwealslh and the State;, for ronsolidating the States de'rtS,' s,'ichs, With i' saiting of I per ccnt. interest. would ultimately result in a say ine to the Statis of £26.UtIt,tOtI. Hle aflirmedJ also that Dealinism stood for the orgunisatios o all the treat de partsments of,.s' Cosmon\\\wealtit etud also for a cler :,1n!' .'!iinite pilicy. A Voice : What about And Fielsher? Mr. Groomn admitted that the ton. A. Fisher had ihumitted a definite policy, iut claimed that thalmt piut forwonl tby Mr. Denail was sa letter one to furlher tlo progres; of Aus tralia. The oppsecnts to the Deal;in party' at the last eleetoss too upIi tlihe anti-atitudoe,; 'but it was isisls sihle to .suild up a nation on, no '-ations. Thllere musit e a definite piol icy on whlich to Ibuild.sWhen the D'n in Goersntotnt took office they foind that 'the mnail contract proe pared ky their ipredecessorsa made ino prorision for the steamers to cadl at Brisbane. Tle Denhin GoCvei'mnct de cidel, that the country shou~ld haIvo a mnil contract providing .for the boats calling it fivery State iii the Coon itrnwo.alth, "nd they also fix'el., a mtaximum charge for'. freight. Thus Queensland lara~sa ellijoyed the same ;srivilcge 'as t'ssss in the Southern States. The,idea of the DPeakin party wea. to try to do :justice to all tde tates. Alluding to the question of a land tax' tlr. Groom stated that, It t'e ftime. of the last election cam paign, .its had said hi'e waould not vote for a land ta- durine the life of the present Parliament. Further, as re pards the future, hel would suggest (tat, in ponnection with dlte adjust inm t .et fi'nnnes between the Com monwealth and the Sta,tolsn, the else taors should stand out anti see t?lat too much ~semand was not made oni tle Comnmonwealthi,.n as. if that were so, tdie latter mi-ht have to rely on meanus,, tr?ation. .odrther tlan Cu;. toqpt and EFScise. le belieoved that the original sdhet was tspqt the Comrp i~nonsealsth should exist on fthe Cus toms and .xcise duties. and that ths W'ate .should, resor to direct tax aton He wanted teo.see thie . Com .oocnweatili a5l ,8tates each possessing tfheir -owne sores of taxation. If the Cumonsrealth Go~'ernienat sree foreel tqimpose direct l.taxation. it would . ,th liis desire, (Applause.) • ?s?r, R. . "'to, mo:ipg a' vote a ltlaik.n to ?r. DealrlS . said ie obuld:iah-ive lien' "l'ad i. that gaentle asan ha? It?eo n more expliet in regard 9 th ajiatter of '.the proportion of. smpney cisssi t that St54te nlisuld re -5ve 5 i5Otii tlie Fdral"l Goveriment. :OFicoprss.'e~h StatPs at well n thie ':oolsndno~ealth. 'rieanirsd a b'riais ,sigj anone nncy to ,carry on with.' Te tij eunloaias Tilr. ~leakin; for ws.' h'lsad die in the interests of Fed: at~ion. Cr. Ieilsu saecrud-d the motion, aA renmarsl ..t that Mr. Deakin hd not t -usehrs Very dasslv .on, 1sitnas% ,sut4ha .had shast themb wssit teas the eoUn tys : great iecssity. HeI' trsouglt t:at Isr; Deaokic would have the symn ,ptswhv'-of q'e.ry. rgflt-thinkias I person in agp fnp is imumi~gatic~ipg hec v sas hrar hease)--exeept that he ' .len) daitsrcr., wvith 'ti re tesctaions huduht to n:e iniposeid'under ;inat - c;ha me. Iany. immisants . hnad *0me icere on the past widhout any -sgpea-aip.fli', cnd t?el; had become iigiiltl an a:·ios itee~a. "Mr Iletihene an replyisiy agrerid that iwo;shkild A, posni?le to carry the lrin"r j cs 4 sp'on feedin to excess, bht me?"~hnq vu-ler existin,- condi ,41 5 ft mp4 comintie to j new coup ey to in' hss livelihood frsm the eiad was in nTbd of some instruction. -;'n in' Canmada bieorots laws had hld peth isasseBd to preveot tfne introdnuc ita' of aunfit iminierants. Slhale Cltraiman proposed a vote of •.i~anki to Mr. Groom, who, he said, was"th?' -ihtt man. in tile riehlt place asflie "F4deral represV'ative of tiat disitripct. 'Mr.. Coleman seconded the motion -iisel'lou sed Mr. Groom: Mr. Groom havingi briefly responded, a vote' of thanks was accortded t . tse Chairmane and .tcie oeeiing trminatod. 