FROZEN MD CHIUE0 RECENT REFWttEBA^TNG CON GBESS, STUD CATTLE FOR ARGENTINA. ? Captain A..W Pcarce, secretary of the Australian Stock owners' AbBDcUv Uon, who reprGselllBd a number of Qucouslurid, Kew Zealand and Patago man meat works companies at tne ite frigeratlng Industries Congress, re cently held in Paris,' Is at present In Brisbane (Bays the 'Courier'), and In the course of en Interview last evening, he referred to a number of Interesting matters In connection with - the con gress and refrigerating Interests gene rally. The congress was an International one. and was attended by some 2000 delegates from all parts of the woria, who gathered together for the first time, for tho purpose of going Into the whole matter Of refrigeration from Its many point* of view, ill 'I tlw Stare Governments had their representatives there, and the reason why Captain Pearce and other representatives from Australia were appointed was, In the first place, because It was considered that It was necessary for Australia to be represented, and secondly, In tho hope that they would b6 able to do something In the matter of securing the removal of the restrictions on the im portation of Australian frosen produce Into France. The congress was the first of the kind that had ever been held, and naturally the work was largely of a preliminary character, but It was decided that another congress should be held In Vienna In 1010, and tlits, It was felt, would have farreach ing effects. One resolution, however, was unanimously carried at the recent congress-that it was ub'ilureiy In tho Interests of the French people that the restrictions against thu importation of frozen meat should be removed. In France, said Captain Pearce, tUe meat was very poor; It was the same in Germany, and in fact throughout Burope. One result of this had been that Spain mid Switzerland had both opened their doors to the frozen meat trade, but they wanted the meat so cheaply that. In 1MB opinion, iner--- would not be much of an opening there for Australia. However, It would pro bably relieve the London market by taking off a lot of Argentine meat, thus leading to lesser competition in Eng land. It seemed to him that what was urgently required in Australia was a frozen .storage association— an associa tion of all of the people interested In cold storage of every description— so that at the congress In 1910' they could be represented with one voice. This was the only country in the world where there was no cold storage asso ciation, and during the next few months he was going to endeavor to work ono up. Speaking ot the fvo7.cn meat trade, generally Captain Pcui-cc said that up to, the preBcnl Uie price of beet had been so high that it had been impos sible to export any quantity from Aus tralia, other than to the outporls of Manila and VladlvoKloclc. Argentina had almost doubled her export trade last year, nnd much of It w:is in rhlilod beef. This beef was all from animals killed at 3 years old, fattened on alfalfa, or lucerne, and then topped oft on I maize, und it was almost equal to fresh Non.h American beef. Up to the pre sent it hail not been found possible to successfully carry Australian chilled beef to Europe, but wonderful Improve ments had been made recently, and i-: believed that within thu next 12 uonths It would be possible to convey Queensland chilled beef to London. It vould have to be done to make a sur ?ess of the export trade. Several new iroceHses were being worked out, and :Iiilled beef wlilch liad been for six iveeks under the processes was being sent to London. Australian mutton .vas still the lowest quality on the Lon ion market, not because the mutton ,vas bad, but because of the vast dls ances that it had to travel In this ?ountry before it reached the meat ,vorl-s. ami the Indifferent treatment It received --n the railways. One of the ?easons why Australian mutton had icon so low in price during the past 'e\v months was that there had been a inost unusual influx of mutton from Morth and South Holland, and, of .?oiirse, there had also been a vast in ?rease in the exports from Argentina. in this connection a matter of great concern was that for the first time in liistory Argentina last month shipped Lo London 130,000 lambs— more than sho liad ever shipped in a year before— ivWch was an eye-opener to those who hoped that the lamb trade could be monopolised by Australia. He felt sonvlnced Unit Queeu.-Und beef would iavf to he sent to the works at about 16s pur 1001b. to have the least chance of :oinpeting with Argentina in London, ind he also thought that cattlrf rulers .vould find It to their advantage to kerp he moat works In full swing, and look or the lueal demand to keep up the prices. Captain Pcarce referred to tho fact hat for some years past the Argentine 'iad been closed against the -importation -tt Australian stud cattle. On his way hacU to Australia, he said, he lntcr /lewcd the President of the Republic it Buenos Ajtch, and received an as ?mrance that this matter would receive Immediate and favorable consideration. Following on this, a few days ago he ?ecelved a cable message announcing: hat the embargo1 had been removed, ind that Australian stud cattle could now be exported to the Argentine, vhere very high prices ruled. Next ?ear a very important stock exhibition vas to be held ln-th'. ArtsoulUw. a* which Btock from a)) parts of the world .vould be shown. This, lie considered, offered a great chance for Queenrfund ijret'ders. ? . Speaking of Ills visit to Europe, Captain Pearce Incldeutly referred to ?.he expansion of the dairying Indimtry ?n Siberia. Last year, he said, somo M0,000 emigrants left Russia for Sibc ?ia, and every one of them won going nto the dairying industry. Vast sup plies of Siberian butter' were now be ing poured into the London market much or It re-packed in Denmark and Danish brands ^put on it— and It was vjual to Danish. . , Captain Pearce visited the Franco British Exhibition, but Was not ot all favorably Impressed with the -Austra- lian displays, considering that their effectiveness was completely -spoilt by each State having ia court of Its lown ind thus fallUijt to make bucJi an, im preartvje Slerpltt.v Bf Camc(Aa', In *ro!nfr through EnKlfii* %\M *een.4tmck *»' wmmmmm: UnalrtnUjratlon aftent, '^ho ^wa1f%*v Sw^iusttaWn tJhMal to be m« aV3l) W» »now? jsnusruie «iwj uu-»t^»nr~ wltJfJCaJitida. It was very often stajwU aald Captain Pearce, ^het Uie EngUsh farmer lived a Struggling. (sort qt*ps tence. His experience was that h-Wf*d~ 1 In the greatest comfort, his flrat objact bring to make his home comfortable,, ? aha his becoHa to ma?«s what little,!**- '?.-'. fit he could. He did not think miny flf these farfiers could *e Induced to 'come to Australia, although farm . laborers ' might. He suggested that the Austra lian States might bo able to obtain farm laborers from Canada, to' meet their requirements, in the same way that Argentina did from Italy. Argen* Una drew about 25.000 ? laborers - from Italy to do harvesting every year, and ? they returned on the completion of the work. Australia'' could do the same from Canada If the Immigration laws allowed the men to be brought In to do the work under contract; for there were- thousands of laborers there1 who would only be too glad to come here to es cape the Canadian winter, and once here, he thought, many of them would remain. 