IMMIGRANT LABORERS COMING. DR. ARTHUR AND 'UNCLE' CO- OPERATING. I have' had a serious talk this week with Dr. Arthur, of the Immigration League of Australasia, on a matter vary near to his heart and to mine. Dr. Arthur is filled with a burning zeal to fill Australia with people from the old world, and specially from Great Britain — a.n ambition which evcrv 'Farmer and Settler' reader will, commend, lie is accused by the ene mies of immigration of being so reck lessly eager for the filling-up process that he would import the scum of Europe, and not say no to a few mil lion Asiatics ; but 1 know him better thniv that, and am assured that he has no1 desiro lo inflict racial pestil ences upon us. Only in two directions does he go further than the mure con servative of the advocates of immigra tion.; first, he believes that a healthy British town lad has possibly more promise in him of making a good Aus ti'alian farm laborer and settler than the average English country yokel ; se condly, that, die Danish or Dutch' peasant farmer is as likely to make a good .Australian man- on-the-laivd as the- Britisher. Tn both these directions, 1 can go with him most of the way, and 1 think the facts arc with him al so, for some of the best and most pro mising young farmers 1 know were ?-London counter-jumpers and factory hands a few. years ago ;? and some of the plcasantest letters I get from . the. country concern the industrious, intel ligent and well-behaved foreign lads have sent to farm billets. ?.;' All this is preamble, however.. What Tt set one to say is that the Immigra tion League of Australasia has immi . grants coming into the country bv al most every boat from Europe. And the president of the league, who has a hundred irons in the fire, finds the dis tributing of these people, just one iron too many. He has asked me to re lieve' him of the whole responsibility of placing the immigrants, interview ing;, them on arrjval, finding out their individual capacity and experience, and getting country employment for every man Jack of them. It did not take me long to make up my mind that 'The Farmer and Settler' and the Immigration League could go hand' in hand, and that I could find work for all the decent men, and wo men, too, that Dr. Arthur, could send ' me. So we made a solemn compact that the league should brine out all the suitable immigrants obtainable, and that I should send all I approved straight to the farms and stations of our subscribers aud friends in the country. I have made this agreement on be half of our friends. So, if you please, I am now soliciting orders. 1 .want billets for new arrivals — single, young men, married couples, men with famv ing experience .and men without, but . all anxious to learn, all prepared to Work hard, all ambitious to succeed in ' this grand neAV country of ours. They will not be worth much lo their em ployers for the first month, .but. if our friends will take them on a six months' agreement at 10s. to 15s. per wcek,.ao cording to their qualifications, I feel sure they will earn their money after a very brief apprenticeship', and .that long before next ploughing.timc they will be treasures to their employers. Some of these immigrants arc now on' the watr cr, approaching: our coasts.' Write mie at once, and book one or two to be . sent' straight from the' boat to the farm, without even a week's demoral- ? isation in the 'city. .' Read the direc-. lions for applications below, answer all . ? the ' questions »? send! fee and fare, and, I Will not keep you waiting a1 day long- ' er than I can help. .. \,, 