OUSESHT. EVENTS. The bush fires in the Yass district caused damage to the extent of oyer £100,000. ? C 'O # ' ' A two-year-old child - fell a distance of 20ft. into the Jordan Creek at Bathurst, but escaped injury. s # The gold- mining and other compan ies of South Africa paid dividends during 1908 amounting to £13,070,442. # o-- # . ... At the Bega police court, Hughio Reid, a bookmaker, was fined £1 and costs for having made a bet with a minor. , $ ' - Pour young men were sentenced to one hour's imprisonment at Bathurst on a charge of playing cards for money in a public place on Sunday. - yf " 56 Alderman Allen Taylor formally as-, sumed office as Lord Mayor of Sydney on Monday, and was welcomed by the Town Clerk and staff. \- : \ In the Scono district (NiS.W.), nearly 50dairymen haye boon fined Is each for failing to register their" dailies within the prescribed time. O O w To improve.the water supply for the Jeuolan Caves an' additional. storage damTcfhold about 3,000,000 gallons, has been constructed below the Devil's Coachhouse. ' ... o , # ' There is a small lake near a volcano in Soutliern California which contains a liquid as blacjc as ink, not at all re sembling - water . This liquid dyes cotton permanently black. ... The record for 1908 shows that oyer fully three -fourths of New South Wales the. rainfall .was generally less than- the average. The largest amount was 97 '08 in at. Cape Byron. .. « . ' . It is estimated that this year the Common wealth wheat .crops will con sume 3000 tons of binder twine, one half of which will be used in Victoria. » Pasteurisation is compulsory in Deh- ' mark. ' So convinced were the authori- ties of the efficacy of this very modern method of combating disease; that legislation was passed making all factories pas teurise. Professor Bony . says that pasteurisation . has made the Danish®' dairy industry what it is. < . ; . . At Thargomindah, Queensland, Les- i lie Cordner was thrown from his horse and had his leg brokeny After crawl- ing for a mile, on his hands and .kriees.- Oordner caught his horse and rode "to . the station, y . " ' ' ' The steamer Pericjes, from London, has 695 immigrants on board. Most of them are- 'coming, to New South " Wales, but Queensland claim's a good proportion. This ..shipload w'as the direct result of an energetic advertise ment undertaken by .the Agents- Gen eral of New South Wales and Queens-" - land. ' !,' ' . . v ,.«#.'" ! A large black snake took refuge in a building adjacent to the Yerranderie post office, and in the centre of the township. It' was shot by JUr. l(rahk 