., THE PREMIER'S SPEECH. (To the Editor.) Sir,-The very slight reference made in this speech to the important subject of agricutltu0il education will scarcely be satisfactory. to some of Captain Evans' supporters. He does indeed pro mise a reconstruction of the Department of Agriculture, which will render the Slatest information on all branches of the subject available for everyone, and the hObe is expressed that some day Tasmania may in some sense become the Denimark of the Commonwealth. There is already a superabundance of literature on such matters as the treatment of land and crops; but the young farmer can never be sure that any suggestion "which may catch his fancy will suit his 'Lfid; because he has no scientific know Sledge of its clharater. An experimental farm would be of far more use in help ing him to solve the problem. -It is not contended that such farms would avail td stem the tide of emigration from Tas mania. T?iat, I believe, can only be done, as long as land is so expensive, by admitting young men of proved.capacity as workmen shareholders on model state farms. But they would give those left behind a better chance of renting farms profitably or of working them as mana gers on good wages. Then, again, they would certainly act as an inducement to men with some. capital to send their sons to Tdsmania to .learn farming pre paratory to coming over themselves. Judging friom letters.lately received from India, I am- inclined to think that not a few..persons-there are again turning their eyes to Tasmania as a possible home. It is -not considered that the widespread un rest there will seriously impair British rule. But should it take the form of a European boycott it would make life iftolerable for planters and others not in the Government service. But every possible immigrant with a family invari ably asks "What have you got in the way of education?" And -to this ques tion one can only reply that there are good. sebosidary schools for boys at lo bart and Launceston, and some success ful farmers are willing to take pupils. In tiis respect I believe all the other states are better off than we are. It ought not to' be so. If it is such a simple matter, as Mr. Urquhart seems to think, to raise the Agenf~.eneral's salary by £0001 a year, i like amoumit might surely be spared for an experimental farm. It is all very well for the Pre mier to express a hope that Tasmania. may; some day prove to be the Denmark of the Commonwealth. That hope is not likely to be realised unless he follows the example set by Danish statesmen and throics himself heart and soul into the education of the agricultural popula tion.-Yours, etc., \- . N. BOUTFLOWER. 