The Lockyer Electorate. MEETING AT GATTON. ADDRESS BY MR.. O'KEEFFE.: HIS QUALIFICATIONS AS A MEV BER. (By Our Stecial Reporter.) Mr. M. O'Keeffe, one of the candi dates for the Lockyer electorate, ad dressed a well-attended meeting of elec tore in the School of Arts, Gatton, on. Saturday night last. Amongst those present were several ladies. Cr. T. O'Brien (Chairman of the Taramnp Shire Council) presided. The candi date was given a patient hearing. The Chairman expressed his thanks to the audience for the honour which they. had conferred upon him in votin r him to the.cfiair, and said he was: sure that tbhe candidate would tb given a patient hearing. The present was a time when they had no griev anee against the Government, and is was for the electors. to east thei' votes for the candidate whom they considered to be the man best fitter to represent them. (Applause.) Mr. O'Keeffe, who was cordially re' ceived, said this was the fourth time he had contested the Lockyer seat and he was proud to be able to stat that in his tour through the elector ate on those occasions he bad nave, had reason to 'find fault with the treatment meted out to him in th, various centres. He had heard no thing from the electors which arousec his resentment. It would be his en deavour to fight the battle fairly. Hr. would not, and never had, stooped to any tow means of electioneering, a he thought it was despicable to do so Party politics-indeed, politics as r whole, should be kept on a higahe level than they had knoswn them it some -quarters. He must explain his position as a Government candidat opposing the late member. He couk best do thatby saying that he was ex actly in the same position as when h, last sought their suffrages-he was stil supporting the same Premier and the same policy. He had not cheauncadsn, iota. If his opponent had chan ge4' and came over to him (M?r. O'Keeffe) it was the most sensible thing hi had done for a long time. A Voice : That makes me laugh ! Mr. O'Keeffe: I am pleased to think that hlie thinks so much of the pro 'cramme which I espoused when I wao in the House that he now supports it. Continuings. Mr. O'Keeffe said that .t year or so aso hie thought that he had finally made up his mind to re tire from public life, as he had pri vate interests which were more pro fitable to him than politics. When however, the recent crisis began to aesume shape he received roquests from many electors- many who had been his former olpponents-usking him to allow himself to be again nominated for the electorate. For a long time he had a ditficultv in eomini to a de cision, but at last hlie decided to re spond to the call. believing that hI could well and truly represent the people of the constituency. He believ ed that such electorates as the Lock ypr should he represented by men who ware in elose. ,touch with agrieultural interests. When he was in Parliament one of the first bills to be hroulht before Parliament was the Dairy Bll. Then, with on0e or two excelisions there was not a member in the IHense tut himself who knew anything ahout .he dairyins iudustry, and, as "llan eard" would prove, hlie was able to lake up the runnin, sr and was suces-s ful in introducing 13 amendmeonls in to. the minsure. When le (Mr. (O'Feeffil went to Ilishane dmcrin the' "'elent I(emorle crisis leadin- e mll, hrsi of the (l ovt',,''iini party ii 'orvie - ed hint esl alcd' him tc k,'ep very very' luie , (h, hce, I that in te'llinia this Inle he wsould riot ,s' c'onside'rld to s.e itSlisini' his? )ipponen)i and f)o pro mise that he wI,ohl ncaik n, uan nonce,',m'in thc t hie wnes minet' 1 ic?ei na nics for Ihe L''s cIvr untils t the crisis was over-until he Iast vote' had ho-s tcaken-s a the . we, of opinion h tnt the shin mihb.c' fees'r the' sLoeckyer richt desert. the Govern cnut. and Ithe latter wout d lose the eletionss. which would he a seriious mler-' from theh'ir noint of vies. lead ing men outside the ]louse who were 'trong supporters of the Government, lso sent for him to have a private interview .with them, and he nave them a promise that he would keep quiet, and they expressed a hope that he would come forward and win the seat. Notwithetanding that the late member had the endorsement against him (Mr. O'Keeffe) he (Mr. O'setffe) did not care a snap of his finger for that endorsement. It was the , en dorsement of the electors which he (Mr. O'Keeffe) was lookinglor. There were other reasons why he considered that he was better fitted"to represent. the electorate than his opponent. He regarded the agricultural and pastoral interests as the greatest in the conun trv. and it was necessary that prac tieal men should represent those con stituencies in Parliament. He then re lated the history of the progress of the dairying in Europe in order to emphasise how necessary it was to watch affairs so that Queensland could keep her hold on the markets of the world. It was onlW a com paratively few years ago since the producere of Denmark rescued, the Whole of the dairyine induetry from the hands of the middle-men .and made such an huge success of it that they were examples to the whole world to day. Danish people went across to Siberia and there introduced diirying. and, since 1s82, when the first pound iof butter was made there in the old fashion, the butter production of that country had progressed vastly, anti the . output was now ' worth mil, ions of pounds annually to the coun try. There the 'producers handled the product from the time it, pcame :rom the cow till it was placed on the market. What were they doing in Queensland to uphojd their end' of the stick in the London market, and to provide- facilities for placing the butter on the market at the lowest possible cost? There was room in his country for millions of people, sad when the time came that, they: were here it would be much better "or the State if thef trained their people to up-to-date methods, for, .i they went on in ' a 'iip-shod way, they would not be able to hold their twn against those who adopted up 'o-date . methods of production. Queensland also had a great competi. 'or in the' Arqentjne, In Qudensland. within the last year, the botton had fallen out of the tattle indum-' ay. Some persons attributed this ,o the tick pest and others to weather onditions. These things might have 'een contributing factors, but the chief -eason was that they had allowed the arientine to capture some of , the, .rest army contracts. Those thee vere reasons why every apricultuirae onstituenecy should have. a live meam 'er to represent it. (A'pplause.) Now as to the coalition He was please?' o say that he had done his level est to bring it about. Before the dlection of 1907, Mr. Philp .offer him (Mr. O'.Keeffe) a very strong'. i Incement to join his party, and he Mr. O'Kceffe) gave him reasons foe rot doing so. At that time he held 1r. Philp in very high sateem, anti to-day held him in equally high es' eem. (Applause.) Mr. Philp was in cntleman every 'time one met him, but :e (Mr. O'Keeffe) refused, to join him arty at that time, as he believed that Mr. Kidston possessed the ability o weld the two parties (the Kidstor' mnd Philp parties), together, if the (idston party held together long nough--believed that he had the trene-th and force of character to do so. Those who were with him (Mr. Y)'Keelfe) in Parliament, never lost an ipportunity to attempt to bring the wo 'parties togebher. Then (in 1907), le (Mr. O'Keetfe) tried hard to get sfr. Philp to do what he had recenflys 'one so nobly-that was to wipe his same from the head of the party. 'hat, then, was the reason why lie did sot support Mr. Philp in 1907, even hough Mr. Philp said: "We will down' you if you do not." His reply. 'to 'that was : "I am prepared to be downed' if I think I am in the ight." That brought him to the quesi ion of the three-party eystem, which was a cure to any country, although he thought that it was going to. re main with them. It was here because if the extensisn of the franchise and the payment of members. There were hree classes in the country--he up. er clases, 'the middle class like him' elf, and those in that district, and the consuming or wage-earning classes. ein and ,those in that district were the 'roducers, trying to get all they 'ould for their pr ,ducts. The wage ,arners were always slkiving to buoy n the cheapest market., To overcome the dilicuity :of the three-party sydtem, he thought it was necessary to titer the Constitution, so as to allow " Govermnent to remain in, office, "<r the full term of the Parliament, even although the iHouse might veto ine or more of the measures on their programme. He had had great opportunities of .ate to study the pro, ress of land settlement in Queens' 'and, and more particularly intheBur tet district. and in this connection, 'e amnnouneid his approval of a .sya 'om of immig'ratoion for bringing the right elars of people here from the agt -iicultural centres of Europe. For one, two. or three years, such immigrants -sld ti, advantae work for farmert ".ro, and .thus gain experience. -arid hen i'gt land of their own. Of course sois method should be adopted to pre 'enlt th he oomin of land to 'higli values., and much 'better facilities'that onw oexistel, shoul be provided foe tirle. (for Queteuslandere as weil as .or immirants). to get on the' lands If ?m, vast spaces were filled up, with ri. in". 'ettl.r rth.-ir towns would grow u'oorl'tiinately, mtannfaetures would :iirii, a,?. and. inst.-ad of the State having to pay subsidies, to shipping. "?ol,'t.i"< to onm ere 'nto take away h, hutthr andl other products, the v sueli would come here of their own acs 'rd. If returned, he would advocate the aumndmant of the land lans, so as to encourage the settkrment of pean ile on the land. (Applluse. ) ie's nis wished to refer to his opponent ,-aiei to the profuse slheaf of promises that lie had liben in thle hablit of making, durin'g 1ehe jr'esnllt nIan otIher contests. lie found that ev\'eryhe heli (Mr.-, Armstrong) uwus prepared to support the building of railways, anal of grants for water conservation. Mr. O'Kleif. then rdi.rld to Woodlands and Ropeley, which, lie said, erar waterless .places, cohsisting of compiiratively:lpooir dreges, There the people :voted against hism last time, becau.r they wro.told tlhat Mr. Armstrong \was going to see .tiat they got a, -water supply, No thing, howeherJ': hlad' been diie, and he had' ,'hegri inlormed thiit some of tile rcsidentsirad a Ailten : tod their emnibbr," but could not get a re ply. In such districts, where resi' dqans hoad to go frin five to '.eiht miles for water- for' thir. stock and f',r ihofsehpld purpoe's, there was- need for somithing to be done. I V?'Fn hei was in ParIBamerit hle was negotia hiag with Itr. KIidston to place £0io,qo0'0 qn the cstiopntis to meet such 411sii, qid lthe pri?ier promised to cois;idvr thae claims of the loclyeCT. He 'hI. O' teife) 'iwas ousted, and there haii beti no' more about the matter. iBathbr thin build useless railways, *it woui'e be tiet~er to' pay some antein tion to '?dch m'na?ters: Perional e, .nhe did'not beleve i" &Bandidates; making a o'lotbfpipesnees 'lie hal tmade only oane i ,n.ral pi o?iae-that' 'ans'. : , , thai.t ' waoldfdo hiis'leverli bet in tle intear' estse of the people, And ansotineal wish tlaiit ,geeral. poromis he s ould. en deavobwr "it got a. water supply, for witerless distits .jp every part ol dcepslahrid b"T ,there i-as close scttle' "nen ; TW.ls e loid 'be tno ai?i?cuty -n getinag moinev,,or such a purpo's' even it a\dvanced at easy rates ol pay spent, His f(M. OGKeeffpe's) 'opponant saemnd to b.e trying hard' to itake r;c people- believe that he. (iMr. O'KEete) was sxnaous (or- a land 'tax, an l'whlcn he (Ir. aO'Keelle) denied' it,' and." (poke ol tlie sataement as: a deliberate . un tfeti, ha-(Mi. Aramstrong) 'Said. \hU,, he^ 'i?r. O'Kleff) 'v'hs 'abusing lhiln. Mr. :'Arinotrdona had said tlhat hie IlM:l. O'Keeed) had vrbtid' for ti'h BoDttc-i alent.Bill. "Th?t was hot soNo 'Nto t?nent '. Biill wras ever in troduced into lthe" 'nouise..' "e (Mr. O'Keeffe) wasopc 6' the Moreon, party who tokbhais' stupd in caucuis and flnigste that the bill, should ,otl be ..tabled .ia tiioe folase. lie .v a: not only opposed to "a land tax, l'bu he Iboalghtact 'tl sonmcething shlould be dobne " do'.away with th1e neces8it for it't~cr taxation. Suometlbing should be' dbnd to r.duice the cost of Govern, rift. ' The ftirmer 'bio re uite qnouigh ti;ation 'now: . Its making' ovier and oVidltfSl dia·n ai stateen t s hea hid ik fe'red to, he ais of opinoml ditit his dPljiotet (as ~ittine him be. iBhlithe belt. 'When Ie' .Mr. Arme sirank)' got'inio' the back places juf as alleged th1at lie had told th elec tots on the e f sent. and on fipr etroPc cTins that, il C'KE;ce pgot. in, hd ?woai? .u t. a.tax on their Germnnan w*ag o-(luaufihkr)---ond on - tleir ladist(eslaU eer.) W sesn be l (Kr. O6'eff) resentead such statements he '(r,.rnston?):,said tbat' le" (Mr 6effe),' was . abusing 'him.' I thliat wve sabaue..hbe wouid vontinue to abuse hlm.. HIe (Mr. O'Keeffe) was simply deBepdighlimnself. He had also been accused of making use of a letter de: roguatol y.toaMr. Armstrois . Whbat wa in.-the l'ette he. did not 'know, as t : SvCr'sie'Wit.:"ant never knew of its esirte .e.; 'He " had 'no letter from aVe 'Bowmarti or from' anybody elee oiit Mr.' Armstrong; A l.Mr. Brown -wi-.te Aorit -ttat',letter; aAd ihlso stat stlhAt he (Mr: OiKeeffe) was sabuting Arunaatront. 'He- would' advise Mr. Bw'sn fricns to tell himn 4o kdep, cool it would be good for his dises tit4.hr4;,' A~ht strong and he" had, konahit bshiy t atyWtles, and' theuyt had cdm' osutft'isesia, 'ad e Ian'tboight thyt ty wHeiuldo do il aaiaii. With W i'ird 'to his (fir. O'Keeffe's) cla~ms on the eleatorate, he' appealed to 4cnri .itha cduinfidenb? for "sipport as :a .~an who hiad'id6he somethilng flor- the district. iH wats'' prieparcd -to allow" theai" to eciprd ast liisl' wibrl with that of ais op pofitit'a. "'For a ehibat period if' two years and dight tmboiin s 'he' had' left his, plae' to' work for ,'tle 'ipeople of the electorate. ' ".ven the hall in which' th .ery we e r gaered T'?hat night was' there- larely i'as a result of his en ergy, and thete :was no town in the Lockyer ldetorate '"hiclh 'did not con; tain a monunment to bis energy. Aloni the Loclyet Creek nere several bridges wahich had been built because of. thd enegy which he had p.itt forthl. Ia thd short period'that he had' beei in' Par liament le had dcie ,more for the disa trint thih' anyr tbher member lad dosij. fes e.uld also claim to baving doBe mucil for the 'farmers, not only ofi the Lockyer, .but of Queenslaid. 'At tie time' of the memorable crisis of .I8.9," when fsarm products' were scare Sla. saleable, he (Mr. 'O'Keeffe) s'tucpep fo~rward,, ald he now 'claimed to have done more. to lift the dairying ain: daistry out of the mite in which it was thein uallowinp thanl iany oilier man in Queensland. He was one ofthe first to attempt. to eastablish dairying on a.- scientific basis. 3Ir. CutIh beritson 's'an d' he hadl 'travelled o6 e" Nes ' S6uath Wales. iHe .(Mr:. O'Keefe) eice liack to Queens land ,finl'eat infFinmation: aad osn his (IIr. O'KleefiT's) reconnmendation the firs't co- operathr e butter comnpany was firmed in Queen'uland. and, instead of' ga?a'simg '1i d pr ahllon Tor their milk, tbe'farinera mni got' fevwry penmnv thcp were entitled'ta". Ater he had entered oni the' wric of' lromoting . the com pi y, he rceaivcrl a letter from a cer tai?i lawyer; of Brisbane, asking him t4'sallow his proposal to drop and to adsslt in "an effort to establishl a co olperative company tO take over the mlaiinkies of a prspri'tary company. He allawed' lis owu project to stand ifi' ab?a?race or a time. and intro saced the pentleman referred to to esieral leaIlingE farmers. A meeting wao :held 'in Toowoomlia, and it trithspired ,hat 'the proposal was to rAise '£14.000, of wiriclh £1.0oo was tiqaired to acquire the busine.s?, and "i060 ans'working cnapital. Sulhequent -y he (Mr: O'Keefle) atltendd another meeting in Toowoomub and opposed the proposal, and he e?rtninlv 'had a i6h to dissunde the farners from tak. in'g it up, Tlowever, they. went 'no further w:ith 'tlhe. project, and they Rihseelliutlv eatblir4illd tchl company with a frictory at HIoova: at a cost. of' £25na. Only two ynnr's ileo erro tain persons pi'entelt" him witlI the gold watch which hns wans wearing in recognition of the scrvices whi'lih h rindereel to thi, pi'e1plr in cninaetion with cb-oller:itive dairyine. One gon tleman slid on tlint ncrnFiona: "I am glad to he pl'xset .on tills oransion, becausne Mr. O'Keeffe sav 'd thl flurm Pti' of Queeanshiad £12,o11(,.'' Thlis mlight/he conosidnrd to ie hblowinog it'dy . trumpet, but it was necks uiry at tales to make khnown one's nction.. l,,cenly-, in response to reliists, he had delivi'red courses ofi leetmes to the farmers oil th" lIar iu lino is 'i and in the tBurnett. It Owa- necetiiary for him to . blow his own trumpet to show them that. lie had been of ser'ice to the people. eii they were in Qieeonsland, iso lated, at oni' end of te ?e?world, nd lf they stere to send ibdir protlects to comiiete in the 'great market' of the world against the products from; the countries which '-verb 'nearer that j miarket. l and which l were prepared .n9 the most up-to-duie lines,' it \\-a's no ceescary for the people here,' 'td. sohd men to Parliament, who. 'like hinm self (Mr.. O'KHefftl), had souar kno'v kelde of the history of 'the' dairying industry in the.? various countries of the world. He lhoped,' if he had 'the haiour of being returned, to prove that :hlie had' 'the enercgy and' ability to serve the people faithfully and well. ITe understood that after the last ;election tmany 'of the electors re mnriged that they. considered that2 they had votod for the wroung man. Now: he asked them 't vote for the enri didate. who they considerdc4 was' bet fitted to represent' them." .e felt himself that. he had both' the energy aild. the ability to represent thiem. Fie had also 'had' the training, aand since he' had been oat 'of IParliameint he had been- representing. the people. The most of the work 'of the ehek .torata had bel placed in hi hlmils' during the 'last few vrars. The elen tors .came to him just as if he were' their member. ' Why ? Because they sale that the willins home was 'ready to do their work. (Appliuse.) ' Hat ine expressed his thanks to ' thet au dieme for the patient hearing wehich ,they had aceorde4 hint, Mr. O'Keeffe resumed his seat amidst appeause. The Chtairman intimated that the candidate was premari'd' to answer any qujestions. Mr. P. Ward, of TLower Tentihll, banded up four written questions. Tlh?. were as follow, the answers given liv Mr. O'KIeeffe being Appelid ed: " (I), If the maiority oflthli people. vote in favour of the Bible ini State Schools Referendum Bill, are y'ou pre pared fo allow Use voice oi tine peo ple to blie given -effect to ?-Most cer tainly. No man in his .right sensee ivnould dare to stand in thi way of the majority of the people. (2)"Ate you in favour of strictly enforcing the laws relating to Sun layv clouius ? l Y e. (s)' Would vog lav'our electi$ve Cov ernuiments ?-Thiat id3 a'more difficult question. I rnould not favour a Gov emiunent to -be elect:d hy the people.' but "' should, favour a Government beiing' able tb retain biffice for'tihe :full term of ihliresb'tear, isotws4thstandihi thiht one :itcv fltrih 't thelr programnie 'wiij thmtwn '?ut. I thInk it ?would -be a 'dangeroud thin' 49 have ' the Govbanm?.eit elected ly "the people, asi the' people' ha'? not always the knowledge as' to uho w'ould be the iMet anh i'to represhnt 'them in the Cabinet." (4) Ate?' you in fa voutr of a redice tion. in' the nsm-iecr bf'memb ers and of uaking all the electorat-'s single con 'stittueneies'?--I 'am in favour of .a redisctrihution of seats, of a reuc titn- in' the number of members, ' of there brine sinlIb electorates, and of the electorate 'heing miore 'qual friom a population point of view," having rdgardl also, of course, to atuea. As there" weted' nn" further q~iestiois forthcoteinin. Mr. O'Kebffe' propos.al a vote 'of .'thanks ' to the ChaiOnan, which: 'having hetn earried, thl? Chair nite' lislIt' rusp'ofited; and the pro ceedings 'tsrminuited. ' By Telegraph from our Correspondents. 