TELEGRAMd. [RERTER's TELRGRAo S.I ruesday evening. Jsmes O'Connor (Australia) and J. flood (London) were arree'ed in Rome for confideoce-triching a Cane dian tourist named Marcher. The Italian police believe that the prisoners are leaders of a ganog recently work ing among English and American tourists. Much money and jewels were foundin their possession. Owing to the Budget Home Role Sir Edward Johnson .Ferguson (Chairman of the Liberals in Dnm frieshir.). Sir Joseph Jonas '(Chair man of Liberals in Amercliffe). Mr Hohson (Chairman of Commerce in Sheffield) and Sir John Swinburne (Northumberlan ) have withdrawn their support from the Liberals. A stampede followed each of three fires in New York. Many were in jured at the Windsor Theatre (where there was an audience of 700), at Morley Hill T'estre (where the audience was !600) and at Broadway Theatre. -. The P. & O. Co. has ordered from HBrland, Wolffa & Cairds two 13,000 ton mail steamers of the M ty eP. A fire in housefurnishling and drapery stores at Arding & Hobbs', Clsoshaw. Junction. London, on Monday nieht led to a panic am,,ng hundreds who were' dressing windows for Christmas or bn=y ,nurtair=. Many jumped from the windows, while firemen rescued scnres. 'r'h building was gutted. Thirty penr 1 were taken to the hospital and several periehad. When the dome fell it fired Francis' provision stores and several houses and shops were de stroyed. Wednesday. Maesrs Arding & Hobbs' establish ment rco=isted of .50 denartm..ns and employed 600 assietanta. The onthreak was doe to an aasist'nt breaking an electric Iamn while cet ting a comb from a wineow which was filled with cellnloid articlea. Very soon the whole place was blaz ing and the public and ansitranta were screaming and strogglirg to eceape. F.rty shops and h -rnes were duetrvyed and aboot a million onnnds worth of damage was done. It. is imoossible to ascerrain the number of deaths until the rnins are searched and the roll of em, layaes is called. Lord Ronaehery has written aletter to the Times asking for a definite declaration by hoth parties regarding the reform of the House of Lords. Viscount St. Alrwnvn has written a letter to a correspondent stating that he remained sllent because nothing he could say would have prevented the rejection of the Baudet. t I see nothing in the actual pro posale of the Bill (he added) so foreign to the finance of the year as to jnstify rejection on the ground of 'tacking,' nor can the propn=als be properly described as Socialism." Sydney reports that the Western miners started work to-day. The Southerners seem determined to re main out. Thursday. At a special meeting of the.London Chamber of :Conitnerce, Sir Albert Spice rdeeportef.iupnlthe warm whl 'noma??iven.?iy Ausitralia iottie coan merme delegates. Sir Albert said that he woe greatly rtruek by Australia's enormous production and the energy and resourcefuloess of its people. Mr Asqoith, speaking at Liverpool, ridiculse Lord Ciwdor's "nerre shakiu.g" picture of the German odo& pation of Belfast. After careful enquiry he conl say that the British navy was still able to' maintain sn?rema:ey of the seas. The Danish Committee censures Dr. Cook for esubmitting a report lacking clear information and some which is inaotmissable in a degree. Press corn mnents in London aid New York enguest that the report puto an end to Dr. Cook's pretensions. The VWag.s Board in connection wilb the Newcastle coal sarike has met, but Peter Bowling objected to Paterson representing tie Northern miners. K-lynsek and Bowling agreed to an a ijournment to 10th January. Scholes, who cranted the an;olrnment, eaid that the Board desired to nring e to the district by doing jostie concerned. The strike generally unchanged. Port Darwin r.ports that Hoad, on behalf of tve'Commonweslth; welcomed Lord K't hener on board the warshin Encounter. The boat, with Lord K tbhener on board, then .siled for Thursdy Ialand. Friday. Lord Tennyson, sneaking at Rydes, soid that Great Britain is pasair. throunh its gravest crisais since the Napoleonic wars The motto of the present Government seemed to lie "' war between classes." Heavy gales caused several wrecks on the British coast. Speaking at a Headmasters' Con ference, Dr. Grey referred to the American immigration invasion-~ f Canada and asked: "Would the Union Jack or Stars and Stripes fly over the Government offices at Ottowa fifty years hence?" A youth na- ed Vosakreassnsky assassinated Colonel Karpoff. Chief of the Detective Police at Rt. Petersburg. A:large number of accomplices were arrested. Newcastle reports that Mr Peter Bowling and other leaders werte com mitted for trial at the February S-scions. The gas lighting of North Sydney has been resumed. Premier Wade has promised that his Government will fully consider any representations made with the obj-et of continuing the' search (fr the Waratab. Later. The missing stemner Ross Trevor bhs arrived in Loedon. Four lahorPrs working in a cellar in a Ihotel at 'Vigan broached a brandy cask. All are dead. Earl C+wdor, formerly First Lordtto i e Admiralty, says that while the German expendilnre on new o ships wan nearly trebled between 1904'and 1910(i. crea'ing from £4.66i1,000 ro £12 100 000), the lrici-h figures were ecseied from £13508.000 in 1904 to £10,255,000ain 1909. Mlany New York ladies boycotted ao-n. Union blouaes. Ladies of the Columbia University are patrolling the strike die. tricts preventing the arrest of strikers. Six thousand blouse-makers in Philad:d phia struck for higher wages and recogni tion of their anion. 