MISCELLANEOUS GABLES. London, January 16. 1 Father John of iCronstadt, the famous Russian priest who died. recently, left the sum of £200,000, and his library was found to be strewn with bank notes and cheques among his books and manuscripts. He had received enor^ mous gifts during his lifetime, but was indifferent to money. .*■ Winston Churchill, speaking at Birmingham, said an effective shd far reaching reform of the House of Lords must be the ■ issue of the next, general election,. hut the Government would only dissolve Parliament at such time as seemed most advantageous in the general interests of. the progressive cause. Personally he would be quite content to see the battle fought out as speedily as possible upon the plain and simple issue of aristocratic; rule against representative Government, and be tween reversion to protection and the maintenance of freetrade. An explosion of fire damp in Auka colliery, Veszpremi Hungary, caused the death of 56 miners out of «oo in the mine. The British destroyer Tartar, racing under war conditions, attained a speed i exceeding thirty-eight knots per hour— a world's record. It is stated that business in London bankers clearing houses show a shrink age of £610,000,000 for xgo8 compared with 1907. All provincial clearing houses show a proportional reduction. The railway receipts give a heavy re duction. j Mikkelsen, the Arctic explorer, is about to explore Dutch New Guinea under the auspiceB of the Dutch and Danish Governments and scientific society of Copenhagen. ■ A Chinaman whose motive was un known ignited a quantity of gelatine at the Village Deep Mine at Johannes burg. The explosion resulting killed six colored laborers and injured nine "white and fifteen colored persons. Sir Horace" Tozer despatched 2334 assisted and free immigrants to Queens land in 1908. Fraulein Peterson, a governess in a German1 naval family, an accomplice of Dietrich, has been sentenced to four years' imprisonment for treason and espionage in Leipzig. It is supposed she was in the service of France. Dietrich was sentenced to five years' imprisonment. Miss Amy Castles, the Australian soprano, has postponed her Australian tour till September. . Lond^h. January 18. A thousand men have been ordered . to reinforce the British garrison in' Somaliland, north-east Africa. j j The Turkish boycott of Austrian goods I has now ceased. . j The people of Berlin are making pre parations to welcome King Edward. [ Fifty-two persons, mostly priests and j teachers, with a few tradesmen, have I been indicted for agrarian treason in . plotting the separation of Croatia, Sliav onica, and Bosnia, and • their inclusion in Servian territory. .. London, January 19. Harry Thaw's application for a fresh inquiry into his sanity has been granted, i with the stipulation that the case must j come before a jury. 