um SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 19 MOSTLY INTERESTING And Mainly More So. Some of the "West Australian's" advertisements badly need sub-editing. Here is one from last Friday's paper:— "To Let. Beds, central, 46 Francisstreet, clean, comfortable, two in room, 4/ and 5/, shower; also respectable girls." Oh, Doctor 'Ackettl • • * "Gripper" wants to christen the political parties opposed to the Labor Party the "All People's Party," but expresses the fear that the name may not be euphonious enough to be acceptable. To prevent any misconception and at the same time to preserve euphony, what's wrong with "The All-Boodle Party." It's snappy and explanatory. • - • • When Mrs. Grundy starts a tale Of gossip flying far and wide; The way it spreads o'er hill and dale, And spreads from town to countryside, You'd scarce believe 'twas whispered low* In secret's most sauve tone; You'd think to have it travel so, She must have used a megaphone. * . • » ' It's a long time since we heard any thing about the corrosion of the goldfields water supply pipes, but the bursting, in a couple of places, of the Hills supply main last week brings It to mind. One of these days, when a length or two of the Mundaring tubes 'blow up, Min ister Price and other sceptics will get the shock of their lives if they can get their breaths • before • they drown. • REVISED VERSION, You'll recollect there has been sung A proverb famous in our tongue, That "he who fights and runs away Will live to fight another day." Methioks the witty adage erred, And needs this substituted word. That "he who fights and runs away, Will live to 'run' another day." • • • Monday night's Council meeting pro vided an undignified squa*bble between Mayor Molloy, Cr. Shafto and Town Clerk Bold, over the letting of the Town Hall. «Shafto irritated Thomas in the first place, and when Bold boldly cast a reflection upon the Mayor's truthfulness the latter boiled over completely. Now Thomas has gone for a three weeks' trip to the East to recoyer his temper. • * * Among a lot more useless property the Council owns the septic tanks at East Perth, and the latest report of their condition is that an army of men is just now engaged upon them trying to prevent them from falling to pieces, It seems that instead of letting water out they are letting it in. What with its septic tanks, its patent rubbish de structor, its -Mayor and some of its councillors this city has a collection of "white elephants" to "be proud of. m • • Seems to be a kind of religion in the "Old Dart" to decry everything with an Australian brand on it. Somebody has been- finding out that the tons of butter and the cargoes of frozen lamb aeut away from these shores are cut up and labelled Danish and Argentiue re spectively. The only things Australian the British don't seem to find fault with are ,the dividends and the cricketers. They're- sure to "pick holes" in the blooming Dreadnought when they get it- * • » Transpires that the report furnished by Scrivener, on the Yass-Can'berra Federal capital site practically condemns it, and in consequence Wade is dreadfully annoyed. Seems that Wade is so "shook" on the place that if the rest of the Australian population rose up and condemned it he'd stand up for it. It's quite possible that future Federal members will be able to indulge iu the favorite pastime of their predecessors—capital-site hunting—for many years to come. .« • BEAUTY'S SNARE. •A Victorian bishop lately -put a new light on the old question "Is marriage a failure?" "Only the foolish young man falls iu love with and wishes to marry 'beautiful girls. Those of us who are wise pick out the ugliest fornen we can find, for they make the best wives. Well, the bishop may be right. 'Ho, we have sung of lovelj- girlsof beauty incarnated, We've written "pomes" on lustrous curls and eyes that scintillated; To maidens sweet aid dark and tall— to "tarts" with raven tresses Who held our fickle hearts in thrall we've penned some sweet addresses, On lasses short and plump and fair—on maids with red hair "blazing We've showered love and love to spare in words of artful phrasing, With regal girls of beauteous face and grand majestic carriage In admiration of their grace we've contemplated marriage. The fibres of our hearts have thrilled when tfilled we were with passion, The while love's sweetest songs we trilled in most romantic fashion, In rhapsodies of love's delights that Cupid gaily teaches We've sat up half the night to write an ode to*" cheeks like peaches. " The winsome eyes of Lucy drew from us love's inspiration And Florrie's limpid eyes of blue to us meant all creation, We've raved in couplets or in prose anent the charms of Polly— Ah, how we loved 'em—no one knows the blindness of our folly. But iet us in our wisdom now cease all this foolish drivel And pen a ballad anyhow to girls with eyes a-swivel; To her with dull and scanty iiair and skin adorned with speckles— It's up to her to get her share of sonnets on her freckles. Sing paeans strident and replete with laudatory praises And sigh affection at her feet—the size of which amazes; Pour out a flood of rapture wrapped in poesy romauceful And show her that your soul is trapped 'by ugliness expanseful. The lovesick songs you once addressed to all the charms of Lucy Let thcui be once again expressed to Anna's nose retrousse; Her plain and homely features let in love-bonds captivate you, Be she the plainest girl you've met lc: her infatuate you. The stainj) that marks the youthful foul devotion is to 'beauty, So always make this rigid Tule if yon would do your duty— If wedlock's net is round you twined and you are wise, old chappie, The plainest maiden you can find's the "tart" to make you happy. B W Britain bSHALL have a Dreadnought— so there. The' 4 Cooked'' Deakin-Forrest combine have said so. Cook, as Minis ter for Defence, when questioned about the monetary part of the scheme, airily said the question had not yet been dis cussed. Now, what are the people go ing to say about this lunacy? The Government immigration scheme in just now getting some advertisement — of a sort. The recent circumstance among our unemployed and their voices are beginning to be heard in the land. The idiotic policy of dragging people into the State by the shipload and turning them adrift to shift for themselves is likely to do more harm to the country than years of future advertising will remedy. The Government wants settlers, then why in the name of all that is sane and sensible don't they put our own people on the land and so provide for them before they drag the hard-up Britisher 14000 miles to starve? This land just now has room for only one class of immigrant—the experienced i man with a bit of money. * » • '' COHENTINGENTEKS.'' Lord Roberts, in declining to visit Australia, says he would be delighted to see the country and to meet the gallant fellows who fought under- him in South Africa. Well, in regard to the latter, he wouldn't experience much difficulty in finding a goodly number of them:— They fought for Cohen and struck for Bull, But they've laid -aside their arms .Aud the daily sheets are no longer full Of tales of the burned-out farms; No soldier out iu the burghers' land The Dutchman's hen-roost robs, And where, oh Where's that Australian band That gallantly fought with "BobB'f Should he wish to meet with the old brigade That's many a lyear dispersed, He might drop round at the Vic. Stockade. Or seek 'em at Darlinghurst; If he'll just call in at the nearest "quod" And tender his lordly card, He'll find some chap of the old-time "squad" Inside with a "sixer hard." • • • OUR FUTURE. "The Presbyterian" bitterly complains that our population is abandoning tjie church. There are sufficient people in each ditsrict, i't says, to fill all the churches to overflowing, but they won' go. And It proceeds to innocently ask —i"(Have we any public men patriotic enough to see for themselves that our future lies not in gold mines, nor in agriculture, but in morality ?" Well, we dunno; we haven't met any. Put away the trusty plowshare, Let the roaring stampers rest; Taint an immigration system We are needing in the West} Take a spell from useless "yacker" And go out* at once in-search Of a gang of politicians That will chase the folk to. church. We don't want to settle sfettlers, Or develop golden mines; What we want's a noble army Of most eloquent "divines'"— Holy men who'll guide our footsteps That we 're left not in the lurch,— And public men with morals That you only get in church. Taint the mundane wealth you gather That will make the country "gee"; You can only make it boom on Perfect Christian!tee; Shake the principles of Mitchell And of Gregory from their perch A.nd send industry to blazes While you spend your time in church, For though piles of wealth you're reap ing From the goldmines and the grain, Says the parson,—"Find salvation Or your toil will 'be in vain; For a home within the Future You -must diligently search Since the richest man is bankrupt If he doesn't • go • to church.'' • THE CURSE OF CASH. f ' A sixty-seven-year-old New South Welshman faced the Insolvency Court a few days back and explained that a month or two ago he had sold some property for £400 and had lived on the money ever since. In owning up to his age his prodigality seemed to afford him a good deal of satisfaction. '' Yes said he "I'm over sixty-seven, but I never had a £400 spree before." Pos sitoiy the old chap up to that time had been a model of respectability:— Mayibe he'd ibent his aching 'back For sixty-seven years And grimly trod the dismal track Where gloomy virtue steers; Maybe, he'd never turned aside From rectitude to wrong, But with a slow and halting stride Limped cheerlessly along. He'd never known maybe, the joys That fire the youthful hearts, Or mingled with the blithesome boys And coin-ensnaring "tarts"; But plodded on, a blameless man, Through this sad vale of strife Intent, maybe, to soine day see, When cash permitted, Life. He'd never gone upon a "burst," Or "blewed" his hard-earned 'beans; He'd never known a daylight thirst Or what "a night out" means; He'd never baeked a "prad," perhaps. Or plunged himself in debt, Or had a "'flutter" with the chaps When nights wero long and wet. lie dallied not with doubtful maids, But, saint-like, stuck to toil And down among his rural glades Contented tilled the soil; He lived simplicity amid Till fortune came to crown His age with cash, and then to splash It up. he went to town. A patent moral doth this talc To everybody teach; To find the truth we cannot fail, In what the parsons preach— ' AU gold is dross and so therein Temptation's always hid"— And, ah, it buys a lot of sin, Does twice two-hundred "quid"! We each through life may safely go To our allotted span, If poverty enough we know, A good and sinless man; ut it would seem if fickle Fate To us some cash should "part" o're .bound to let the coin upset Our moral applecart. t f w o h f o w w g s 