! EMPIRE NEWS. The oui ate of the late Mr. Charles Mor- rison, a London financier, has been *va|u-. cl for probate purposes at ,£10,000,OÖÜ. The deceased, who was a bachelor, left the bulk of Iiis property to his brother j aud sister, both of whom are unmarried. A majority report of the Royal Com- mission appointed to inquire into the effect of shipping rings, declares that tho latter afford steadier freight rate« and more regular Ä?rvices. This report re- commends thc formation of: a Shippers* Association, to be recognised by tho Board of Trade, with_ a view of securing a conciliatory settlement of disputes. Oscar Slater who, on May 8, was sen- tenced to death on a charge of having murdered Marion Gilchrist, a wealthy spinster, 82 years of age, nt Glasgow tm December 21 last, has liecn reprieved' owing to'there being an element of un- certainty in the evidence concerning niB identification. The "Standard"" announces that,Gcn eral Lord Kitchener will, after uitness ing the Japanese naval manoeuvres in November, proceed to Australia, and thence to Canada, as he »is anxious te- " review the whole of the Empire's mili- tary problem. The opponents of the Latour Party in" tho United Kingdon] have not concealed their delight at what they considered th« disruption of Labour ranks bj- the with-, drawal of Keir Hardie and Ramsay Mac-! donald from the National Executive nt tho Independent Labour Parly. Mr. Keir Hardie declares that the organi- sation is in no degree impaired, and that th-> greater leisure he will now have for platform work will Kelp in the oonsolida ! lion of the Labour forces. Thc Zinc Corporation IIRS decided to write- off AB. from its ordinary shares. j In the House of Commons last week; during a discursive debate on a motion ! for the adjournment to next Thursday. Bir Edward Grey, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, deprecated auy nervous- ness with regard to foreign affairs. The recent troubles in the Near East had ,bcen succeeded by comparative quiet. Ho denied that the* Government had been: too cautious concerning tlic Congo diffi- culty. The creditors of Willer, Riley and Co., produce salesmen, who failed as a r<4j^£ of the Danish bank frauds, will receive dividends totalling 17s. Cd. in the pound. The liquidator announces that they are certain to receive the" full 20s. in" tho pouud and that probably the assets will allow of thc payment of some shillings to the preference shareholders. Mr. J. C. Smuts, Colonial Secretary, of the Transvaal, announces that he ia about to introduce a Bill to provide for proportional representation in thc muni- cipalities. . The Admiralty has ordered that half of the naval cadets at Osborne and Dart-* mouth shall learn German, and that the other half shall learn French. The turbine armoured cruiser Invin- cible (17,250 tons), recently built for tho" Admiralty by Sir W.- G. Armstrong, Whitworth and Co., Ltd., averaged 28 knots an hour during a six-hours speed trial in the Channel. Sixty-two * members. of the British Labour Party, including 21 members of thc House of Commons, have started ou a visit to Germany. Their aim is to produce a better feeling with regard to.v naval matters and to cement Anglo-Gcr»,* ¡ man friendship. ~ During 1903 the revenue of the Suez Canal amounted to £4,459,638, or ¿345, 102-less than that for 1907, while the expenditure amounted to JE1,79G,515, or '£50,615 more than that for the previous year. The dividend remaius the same as it was for 1907, namely, £5 12s. i)d. per share. At a general meeting of the English Bugby Union an overwhelming majority of members rejected Mr. Byrne's resolu- tion which stated that professionalism existed and that the committee of the ITnion had not consistently enforced the -professional laws. Although the coal-mining masters at Durham asked for a reduction of 7J per pent, iu the wages of the miners in con eequence of the introduction of the eight hours working day, and the miners were grilling to agree to a reduction of 5 per '©ant., Lord Collins, acting as umpire on behalf of the Coal Conciliation Board, lias decided that the wages shall not bc altered for three months. Owing to the strike of seamen at Mar- seilles to secure a weekly day of rest and to oust coloured labour from the boats of the Messageries Maritimes line the E.M.S. Moldavia will take thc French jinails for Australasia and New Caledonia Instead of the F.M.S. Orenoque. Seven torpedo boats will carry the mails be- tween France and Algeria and Tunis. In February last Joseph Stoddart was convicted on Ta charge o^fraud in connec- tion with a.sportiug coupon competition, ! and was sentenced to 16 months' impri- : eonmont with hard labour. He appealed to the Court of Criminal Appeal, and the latter has now quashed thc conviction on the ground that thc Judge had mis- directed the jury. Sir Robert Perks, Liberal M. P. for thc Louth Division of Lincolnshire, addreps ' lag tbeEmpire Club at Toronto last week, .aid that Canada was not prepared for freetrade throughout thc Empire and Great Britain was not readv to be taxed lipon her imports of grain and raw mate mi, but between the two positions there was a wide field for preferential arrange- ments between Great Britain and the overseas dominions. The "Financial News," commenting upon the fact that thc public subscribed only .£600,000 of the New South Wales 8J per cent, loan of .£3,000.000, issued at yí98 10s., remarks that the State has Jvorn out her welcome in the loan market laud the latest fiasco should convey to nor an unforgettable lesson, j Archdeacon Wright, of Manchester, jvho has been selected for the position ot' Anglican Archbishop of Sydney, was in- terviewed by a representative of thc ^'Manchester Guardian" last week. Thc -appointment was, ho said, unsought by him and his selection was so unexpected that he would be unable to say until he bad received particulars from Sydney whether or not he would accept the groat honour that had been conferred upon him. His Majesty the King has given £2,000 to the Church of Scotland. Phillipe Boy, formerly Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of thc Province of Quebec and manager of thc defunct Banque de Saint Joean in the city of Quebec, has beeu sentenced to five years' imprisonment for having burnished false banking returns to the Government. On bearing the sentence Boy attempted to commit suicide. Hie "Bankers' Magazine" slates that 387 representative Loudon Stock Ex- change securities, valued at JE3,730,539, 000, nave appreciated to the extent of ¿136,000.000 during the last two mouths. The Scottish coal masters decline to cancel their demand for a reduction of .wages by sixpence-ner day in consequence of the introduction of thc eight hours working day for coalmining. The men are oetcrmmed to resist the reduction, and thor are being backed by the National Federation of Miners of Great Britain. . Tho Amateur Golf Championship was concluded, when Robert Maxwell beat Captain Hutchinson on the laat hole. The London newspapers devote much «pace to reports'of interviews concerning Australasian politics, trade, agriculture, immigration and defence, with the Aus- tralasian delegates to the Imperial Press Conference. Several suffragettes this week interro Sated the Prime Minister, Mr. H. H. squith, after a church service at Clo- velly, iu North Devon. Subsequently they again waylaid him, although he was under police protection. While Mr. Asquith was playing golf on private links the suffragettes seized him by the arm. lu opening the Transvaal Parliament this week, the Governor, Lord Selbourne, announced that Bills would be introduced for thc restriction of betting and of the publication of betting news, and also for dealing with lotteries and money lending. Disquieting reports have been received nt Tehcrau regarding the advance of the Turkish regulars on ^Urumiab, in thc north-west of Persia. It is stated that j many Christians at Miaiidoab have been j massacred. The Armenians are appeal- j ing for protection. j Viscount Esiier, who is a member of »Ito Committee of Imperial Defence, speaking- at Callender, in Perthshire, this week, said that Great Britain stood iu a more perilous position to-day than she had done at any time during the last hundred years. She ought to build two ships for' every one built by thc nert j strongest European Power. ! Mr. Dale, an English naturalist, re-1 ports that the British screw sloop Condor I (6,980 tons), which foundered in n gale j with nil hands on board on December 3, 1901, has been found submerged two miles j off the coast near Barclay Sound, ou the 1 western side of Vancouver Island, The Board of Education in Great I* Britain lias arranged with the French £ and Prussian Ministers for Education for au exchange of assistant secondary school ly- teachers. Mr. J. H. Hofmeyr, chairman of the Afrikander Bond in Cape Colony, has ::s been invited to join the deputation which I will convey the draft Constitution of the .- South African Union to London. At the "Bet Volk Congress sitting at Pretoria the Transvaal Premier, Mr. Louis Botha, and the Colonial Secretary, Mr. J. C. Smuts, have seemed the re- jection of tlic reactionary demands on behalf of the Dutch Church which is seeking to regain the control of the schools aud attempting to require the bi. lingual qualification of all Government officials with a view of superseding the British employees. The "Spectator." commenting upon the two-Power staudard debate in the House of Commons, endorses Mr. Arthur Bal- four's contention . in favour of a clear définition of the principle guiding us. It suggests that the matter be referred to the very able Cabinet sub committee ap- pointed au April 2(i to inquire into the disposition and organisation of tho Home Flest. The decision of that committee should, it remarks,, be accepted. At the annual conference of the Man- chester Unity Independent Order of Odd- fellows at Bradford this week, the Grand 'Master, Mr. Ben Eitviugton, dwelling upon the subject of insurance against dis- ablement and sickness, protested against an^ attempt to establish a State-aided compulsory form of coniuetitiou with the voluntary thrift movement. The Scottish coal owners have decided to withdraw from the Conciliation Board, and to enforce their- .demand for a re- duction in wages to the estent of six- pence per day in consequence of the establishment of the eight hours day for coal mining. They have, they declare, no other alternative, as the men rejected their proposal to appoint a neutral chair- man for the Board. Lord George Hamilton, formerly Con- servative M.P. for the Ealing Division of Middlesex, in a letter to the "Times" intimates that the Budget will ultimately yield au increase of ,£25,000,000 in the revenue, and that its object is to sweep away indirect taxation. Mr. Dennis Samuel, »roiher of Mr. Iferbprt Samuel (Parliamentary Under Secretary for tho Home Office) aud a inemlier of the linn of Montagu Samuel and Co., bankers, of 60 Old Broad-street, committed suicide ou a railway line at Leamington (in Warwickshire) this week. He had been suffering from nervous breakdown following upon an attack of influenza. Reuters correspondent, at Durban states that the Labour Party in Natal has unanimously rejected the Union Constitution owing to the elimination of the provision for proportional representa- tion, and also because the Transvaal Mozambique Treaty favours a fbreigu port and the importation of indentured labour. As a sequel to-the visit of German editors to England 250 professional men from Hanover and other German towns are spending the Whitsuntide holidays ia Loudon. Every member of the King's Colonials Yeomanry, encamped at Colchester, has voluntarily re-engaged for service, if necessary, in any part of the world. The Canadian Cabinet has refused to accept Ute Canadian-American waterways treaty owing to the amendment inserted by thc United States Senate. Negoti- ations upon the treaty will be resumed at Washington. At No&yiampton; this week in the pre- sence of [thousands of holiday-makers a parachutist named Bidmead, while at- tempting to descend from a balloon lost his parachute and was carried «tw&y; hanfing below the balloon. He clung for ninety minutes and then reach- ed the gi'ound. % Captain' Herbert Duckworth, who was wounded at Spionkop during tho Boer War, committed suicide in a hotel m London this week. The deceased was a nephew of the Rev. Dr. Robinson Duck- worth (Sub-Dean and Canon of West- minster) and of Sir Dyce Duckworth (consulting physician at St. Bartholo- mew's Hospital and senior physician of the Seamen's Hospital, Greenwich). A sensation has been caused in India through the action of the High Court at Calcutta in acquitting the three men who were on February 2 last sentenced lo deportation for terms ranging from seven years to 10 years for taking part vi the bomb conspiracy at Midnapur.. The High Court's judgment censures the methods adopted by the police in connec- tion with this case. Tlie training ship "Port Jackson" sails again for Australia in August. As the leases of estates in South Lon- don belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall fall ia» the Prince of Wales is erecting self-contained model flats for the worsting people in place of the old-time slums. 