%\it Brisbane Cornier. MONDAY, JANUAKY l8, 1909 TO-DAY. F-NTERTAINMENTS. Theatre Royal.-Ted Holland's Vaudexlllo En- tertainers, To-night. Centennial Hull.-king's American ricture stojie, To-niglit. Phiiip Ljtton's Touring Plajhouse.-" Our Sailor Lad." Exhibition Ground.-Summer Xight Continen- tal, To-night. SPORTING. South Brisbane Jockey Club Kaces. . ' vMEETING. Citv Council Chambers.-To consider tim ques. tion of a Testimonial to the Hon. It. Philp, 4 pm. SALES BY AUCTION.- ' Messrs. Cameron Bros., at their Mart, at 11 a.m.-Shares, City, Suburban, and Country Properties. . . - - Messrs. King, Cribb, and King, at their Rooms, at 10 SU a.m-Unreedeemed Pledge«. Mt*six. Isles, Love, and Co., on the Premise-«,' Bow en-terrace, at 11 a.m.-Household'Furni- ture, Sec. At tlie . Bi ¡abane wool sales on Satur- day 10,087» bitleK weie submitted. Compe- tition xvu« keen, and well distributed. Oiea-y xx-ools allowed an adx- ance of 5 per cent, and sniper scoured» an advance of 2'/4 per cent, and oilier scoureds 5per cent. * .', Tlie ¡Minister and Commissioner for Railways returned to » Brisbane on Satur duy night, aîter viniting Woodford, Kil- coy, and the Stanley jüver districts in connection (with proposals for Irailxx'ay extensions. The regulation relating to demurrage on coal trueles has been altered to give a longer time for loading and unloading. The Cerman residents, of Queensland celebrated tihe annix-crsitry of tlie founda- tion of the German Empile on Saturday, when 'hetxvecn 2000 and 3000 persons na uemblcd in Button l'ark. (Forward and Bold Boy won tlie Flying and Park Handicaps respectix'ely at A-bion Park on ¡Saturday. Trajectory -won the Kosebill Handicap (Sydney) from Rocklight and Brackeu biirg. Tihe V.'A.T.C. Anniversary Handicap xvas aron by Lady Diffidence from Gelig- nite and Trelo Vouni. The X and B interdistrict rifle matches, fired at Ekibin on »Saturday, weie both xx-on by Moleton District, Western Dis- tricts being second in each cuse. In A Orade cricket on Saturday North Brisbane defeated Valley by 72 runs on the flint innings, and thus retained their position^ at the .bead of the premiership list. Woolloongabba xvere beaten by Too xvoug by 24 runs on the first innings, South Brisbane beat Nundall 'by 80 runs, aud Oxley defeatetl Toomlbul by 102 runs. Arrangements have been completed by the Croxvn (Law authorities for tihe prose- cution of the twenty-eight men -xxllio xvere arrested at Broken Hill on Saturday week. Tlie main charges are riot anti assault. Tile subscriptions tin the lockout fund noxv total £1810. The St. Ceorgc Sailing Club's 14 footers' championship, contested ut Botany Buy on Saturday, was xvon liy St. George (N.S.W.), the Queensland^boat Ida being second. ."/ ,,p. Six cases, -which xvere ' subsequently found to contain tins oí opium, xvere fduud:,Jfloating about, at Sydney Heads, yesterday. The opium xvas valued ' at ¿500. ' ' , . ., The body of Mrs. Ex-ills . xi-as found iii the Thompson Uiver, " near Jundah, ?wit li tihe head, smashed in, and a black tracker lias been arrested on suspicion of linville committed t-he,.,inurder. The instructional class 'of the -nexv in- telligence corps of tihe Commonwealth De- fence ¡Force will commence in Melbourne bn Wednesday next, and continue till the folloxving Wednesday. Referring lo the question df advertising the resources of Australia, Mr. Batchelor, Minister for ¡External Affaira, said no complete or very extensive scheme of ad- vertising could be adopted except in con- junction xvitih a settled polity of immigra- tion and the provision ol land for settlji s, and in .lus \\-iexv tin's could ohly be in- stiled by a system of graduated'lund taxa- tion. 'Bliese xvere his own (personal views, but lie intended to bring tfjheiu before the Cabinet. ¡Sir Horace Tozer, Agent-General in England, despatched during last year 2334 assisted mid free emigrants to Queensland. Tlie British torpedo boat destroyer Tar- tar, Tunning tinder War conditions, made a xvorld's record speed of thiity-eight knots an hour. ¡Speaking at Belfast, Lord Lucas, Under Secretary for War. stated he xvould bo able immediately to 6end 160,000 troops abioad. but this was. still a shortage of 5000 officers. ISir Frederick Borden, Canadian. Minis- ter "for Defence, after a series of con- ferences xvitli Mr. Haldane. British Secre- tary of State for War, the members of the Army Council, and Major-General Hoad, Inspector-General' of the Common xvealth forces, informed am interviewer that there xvas every prospect of realis- ing the plan for establishing' an Imperial General Stan". The British Royal Commission on Afforestation reports that a scheme of State afforestation is both practicable and desirable, and xvould ,be capable ot affording temporary employment during the winter months to 18,000 of the un- employed, and permanent employment ultimately to ,a large number' of men. Tlie business of the London. Bankers' Clearing Iloitae for last year is stated to I have shown a shrinkage, of £010,000,000 us compared!' with 1907, and all the pro- vincial clearing houses showed a proporj tionate reduction. An I explosion of fire damp in the Auka colliery, in "Hungary caused the death of 50 out of 200 men. xvlio xvere in the mine at the lime. An expedition 'for the exploration ot Dutcli Ncxv Guineu is being undertaken by Mr. R. Nelson, the Danish Arctic ex- plorer. ', 'Further rescues are reported from 'Mes etna, 'but' the bodies of those killed by the earthquake ure still-lying unburiecl in the streets, and the odour is terrible, although immense quantities of disin- fectants have been used. The London Mansion, House Relief Fund has now teached £100,000. Tlie Bi ¡tish and American Minister" »t Peking waited un the Chine-e Regent, Prince Ching, and mude joint lepresentu tions regarding tlie recent dismissal from office of (tJic Vieeioy Yuan Shih-kai. From some unknown, molix-o a China- man working in a mine at Johannesburg ignited a quantity of blasting gelatine, and the explosion, killed six coloured labourer!! and injured a number of other men. . i_i i 