to' KMEIIERL SUIMMIMY. : Campaidown stock eales to-day. :Meeting at Fuxhow at 3 p.m; this afternoon, reradi. Mortlake stock eale to-morrow. The Australian cricketers beat the Derbyshire county team by ten wickets. SFollowing upon the resignation of the French Ministry, M. Briand ha formed a new Cabinet.. Corporal Burr, of the London Rifle Brigide, with a score of 324, has won the King's Prizi. Of twenty.threemalchee played during the tour the Ansaralitn cricketers won 10, lost 3, and 10 were drawn. In view of the trouble to Morocco the Spanish Government is exercising a con sorship over all telegrams in Madrid. Two men caught spying on the Bellerophon in the Thames were put ashore at South end, and their camera and plates were con fiscated. Fieica fighting took place in Morroo=o on Friday between the Spanish troops ind nativea. Heavy Inese occurred on both sides. The Indian student, Dinghrs, has been found guilty of murdering Sir Curzio Wylie, and Dr. Lalcac, and has been sentenced to death. A by-election for High Peak division of Derbyshire last week resulted as follows Mr. Oswald Parthington (Liberal) 5619, Mr. A. Profumo (Unionist) 5272. .*.The eteamer-Ev.rton Grange, which arrived at Melb urne on Saturday, brought 35 Immigrants for Victoria, and about 150 for New South Walee. Three dozen immigrants landed at Melbourne on Saturday, incluoing 17, who had come out to try their fortunes, and were mostly young men of good type. Of the 35 immigrants for Victoria who landed on Saturday, 21 were women and children who had obtained aaststed passages on the nomination of friends in the State. At St. Petersburg on Friday a five. storeyed bailding, which was in course of conutrcticon, suddenly collapsed. A number of people were killed and many Injured. LIbaralism In Great Britain, according to the Prime Minister, Mr. Asquith, stands as the mean between the two extremes provided by the Oonservatives and Socialists. Letters received in London show that in Madrid during the public demonstration against sending troops to Morocco women and childred were trampled under foot and manyseverely injured. Modifications nave boon agreed to in the South African Union Bill, which will place matters affecting Aeiatics under the control of the Governor-General, not of the Provincial Councils. At the building fatality in St. Peters burg twenty persons were caugbt under the falling timbers and masonry and crushed to death. Many others were injured; in a number of crses seriously. SAccording to the Lindon "Times' the new American tariff has given rise to a feeling throughout the country of "betrayed confidence and of Indigoa. tfor." The "Times" states "a general reduction of duties on necessary c3mmo. dities was expected." Colonel Foxton, Honorary Minister in the Commonwealth Gov<rnment and delegate to the Imperial Defence Conference, accom pasied by Captain Creswell, Director of Australian Naval Forces, and Colonel Bridges, of the Commonwealth Military Forces, arrived in London on Saturday. Mr. Patrick Ryan, the manager of the Farnham Cheese and Butter Factory, has received from the RIyal Humane Scciaty of Australasia, a letter complimenting his two little sonG, Frank and Gideon, on their bravery and presence of mind in rescuing their infant brother, Patrick, from drowning in the Merri River in April last. A deputation of native colored Soulh Africans has asked the Imperial Govern ment to make certain amendments in the African Federal Oonstitutional Bill now before the Imperial Parliament, with a view to securing a fuller franchisofor the natives of South Africa. Lord Crewe has given a sympathetic answer, but at the came time did not promise the desired amendments. . The- M?cchester police have issued a warrant for the arrest of Mr. Julius Wilier. He will be charged with iesaing a false prospectus of Mesrs. Willer and Riley, Ltd., and also on other c unts. Willer and Riley, colonial produce dea!ers, carried on butiness in Tooley-street, London, and at Macchester. In consequouce of the frauds otAlberti, the former Danish Ministrr of Justice, Wilier and Riley went into liquidation. Arthur Fletcher Hornalcy, printer, was found guilty at Old Bailey, London, on Saturday, on a charge of printing and publishing th "Indian Sociologist," a publication which the summons described as a scandalous and seditious libel against the members of the Government and against the peace." The evidence disclosed that the accused had been paid by Krish mavarma, whom he had never seen. He was found guilty and sentenced to four months' imprisonment in the first division of Holloway. Success as attended the appeal made last month by the London "Moraing Post" for £20,000 for the purpose of presenting a dirigible balloon to the nation. An order for the constrctli;n of a dirigib!e of the Lebaody type, similar to the veesal already In ojm mins?i In France, has bhen placed. The order is conditional uprn the British War Office approving ot the type: The "Morning PUoa" ia also prepared to pur chase for the nation a Clement Boyard airship under a similar coudition. Relations between the Argentine and Bolivian Republicsa have been ruptured, in cmnsequence of the action of the Government of Bolivia in sending out a circular to the provincial authorities, in which it criticised the award of Dr. Aloorts, President of Argentina, who, acting as arbitrator in a bJundary die. pate between Peru and Bolivia, recently gave a decision adverse to the latter. The decision met with a most hostile re ception in Bolivia. An affront to the Argentine legation at La P,z wee apolo gised for by Bolivia, and the apolog accepted a satlsfactory by Argentina. 