THE BUTTER BUSINESS. Mr A Chambers manager Buladelali Butter Factory writes -The controversy anent certain actions taken by the Depart- ment of Agriculture for the improvement of New South Wales export dairy produce shows conclusively the importance and necessity for a more thorough application of co opciitlYo methods to every branch of the industry) Every proposal put forward for (ostensibly) improving the quality of dairy produce by the State has met with opposition from the head of the co-operative move ment Mr C D D Meares That opposition has been attributed to many causes and unfair assertions have been made by man) co respondents as to his i reasons for opposing State interference As to the State butter factory) at Bony It is very evident that State Socialistic manufacturing must certainly lend to State marketing, which would be opposing Mr Meares system of cooperative marketing State interference is opposed to to operation in every respect The out to the Harry factory is calculate 1 at about 2) tons 01 more monthly and if taken over liv UKI State It must find a market for its surplus butter we will thou have Stai inurkclinR which might be all right from a Labour Ministry a point of view. It was published as a reason for Mr. Moarcs's opposition to grading that by it he could see the punishment of his illegitimate profits made by exporting second-class butter as first class under faked brands (an unfair accusa- tion and prejudiced). Now, it can plainly be seen that grading so far has worked right into the pockets of the unscrupulous speculators and agents, who so anxiously embraced it, knowing that as the majority of export butter is second-class, their task would be much easier when praying for the butter entrusted to them by butter factories. Mr. Meares, however, makes a mistake when he says or Refers to pasteurisation as theoretical nonsense. By pasteurisation, and that only can we expect to compete with Denmark. But much remains to be done before pasteurisation can be brought about; dolly cream delivery is one necessity. There I have been little improvement in New South Wales butter during the last five or six years, and it is possible for Australia at some future time to compete with Denmark on the London market, because if the butter leaves here as good in quality as Danish it will arrive In j Tooley-street practically the same. Before such a desirable consummation is accomplished much remains to be done, and the question with which dairymen must concern themselves is how best to proceed to place their butter on the London market of such a quality to be purchased in preference to Danish-a big undertaking, but one that will have to be accomplished if we are to find an outlet for our surplus butter. YVo have now both a vigorous closer- settlement policy, and we are encouraging immigration for the purpose of more fully developing our agricultural and dairying lands. Both those policies must result in an increased production, and, therefore, we must hold our own on the London market If we are to find consumption for our surplus butter. The question at the present time is how are we to dispose of the surplus butter In Sussex street? The local market has been very dull, and the old stored butter presumably will be exported, and our reputation suffer In consequence. A speedy ship- ment of the butter after arrival at Sydney is therefore a big ctonsldor..tlon, end will go a long way towards the maintenance of quality. The London buyer is, according to the "Herald" reports, very much "off" Australian butter this season, and the cause is one of quality only. v Incidentally, it must be noticed that the London demand has not improved since grading The dairymen must look for other means to procure the confidence of the London buyer and retailer. Although grading is a necessity, it is premature. We have to sensibly ask ourselves, What has grading done? It has made the managers adopt two brands, one for superfine and one for other. They pick out the very best cream Just to secure a small lot as super- fine, the majority of the cream being put in another brand, and is generally second grade. So long as the managers can secure a small lot superfine their reputation is alright. Know- ing that grading is premature the dairymen (the majority of whom are not cognisant of the fact that a system of State grading is in vogue, being so disinterested) must adopt other means for improving their status on the London market. They must be co-operative ones, i Judging by the writing on the wall by the grand principle of co-operation, and that only can we secure pride of place on the greatest market of the world. The dairying industry here is going to be governed and improved by co-operation. As butter factory directors' association must be formed, and a committee appointed to draw up rules and, regulations for the improvement of their butter. Directors are generally intelligent and ambitious men, who never countenance slovenly managers nor inferior butter makers, and a factory manager cannot do just as he likes, as some writers will have us best Have. Having our association the directors. could make suggestions, and have them presented to and ratified by Parliament. Perhaps Their first consideration and desideratum would be a co-operative expert to grade, inspect, and report on the finished butter before export, and to report any managerial delinquency to the secretary of the association. Having appointed their co-operative export, they would know his qualifications and abide by his decision. The next step would be to make it compulsory for dairy farmers to deliver their cream daily. At present the cream is sometimes a week old, but nearly always on delivery the majority of the cream before it can be churned contains about 7 per cent, of lactic acid, and It is then impossible to make a keeping butter from It. After securing daily' delivery of cream, pasteurisation could be ยก slowly made compulsory. Looming on the horizon can be seen the word co-operation,! and it is going to revolutionise the industry and secure for Australia the confidence of the London buyer and retailer, which is paramount, if we are not to have Sussex-street glutted with old, stored, fishy, rancid, and stale hin- ter waiting for the demand. By a universal system of co-operation each factory would have a common interest and aim; pay-sheets,' balance-sheets, and, indeed, every phase of the! industry could be worked on similar lines in each factory. There would be great uniformity of quality, and the indifferent dairy farmer who cares not whether the butter is super-fine or third-class, could be aroused to the enormous loss to the industry by the butter being stored and selling at a penny per lb less than it would if the quality was improved. 