women' in politics. THE DEFENCE QUESTION. The success of the -political salon inaugu rated iby Lady Best accounted for a very large assembly at "her residence, "Oro- tava," C.nilficld, yesterday afternoon. The chief speaker was Air. Joseph Cook, Alinistcr of Defence. After commenting on the change -it tvas for a politician to address a quite friendly meeting, Air. Cook im pressed the desirability of holding similar gatherings all over the country. The' propa ganda of the present Government aimed at benefiting the community generally, but more especially the poorer members of it. It was those who toiled for their living who stood most in need of help from Par liament. Sir William Lyne bad recently spoken as if political gatherings of women were connected with Conservative reaction. Jn his opinion women generally could be trusted to act with even more justice in the cause of humanity than men, and he invited Sir William Lyiie to make better acquaintance ivit'li women. Speaking in re ference to women's relation to defence, Air. Cook said .Australia's defence was connect ed with the defence of tlie whole Empire. We began at the heart of things, and were bound in honor to lake a greater 'pirt than we bad bitbei'to done in the matter of de- 1'enee.t Hence line offer of the Dread nought, and ultimately the possession of the first defensive unit of our. own, controlled by lis, and owned by us, for the benefit of the Empire at large. The control of the Pacific became more and more important to Australia as affairs became more in volved in the north. Our Htiprem.iey in the Pacific depended greatly at present oil our relations with Japan, . No breach oi the treaty was in any way anticipated, but no nation depended solely on treaties. The.v "must . have a force behind those treaties. Air. Cook, after Sneaking of what we oWcd the Empire, dwelt on the neces sity of fostering the spirit of naval' de fence nnd tlie training of Australian cadets .and seamen. Simultaneously notion, must be taken with regard to tj'c better defence of the land, nnd lie hoped to submit in a few days the Government scheme of de fence. It was becuusc wo recognised tliat we had much to learn in the matter of defence by land that we had invited the greatest modern soldier " to visit us, _ and about November wo would probably Lord lvitchoner among us. England was practically , saving, "Our burdens are in creasing day by day. Our obligations are very heavy, nnd we ask you as a father to a soli to .share with1 lis those obligations." The homes of the people were what we in Australia had to defend, nnd defence was therefore very much a working man's ques tion. Our workers were better off than any in the world, and people who worked a limited number of hours in good condi tions should not rely for protection on people who worked much longer hours in less favorable circumstances. Our workers should use their best efforts to, make these good conditions sure. The nation wns not safe unless the continent, of Australia was filled. Nutional defence began in the cradles of Australia, and after that our defenders should ho drawn from a steady stream of immigrants who subscribed to our ideals. Back of it all, however, was the "patriotic spirit. It devolved on women to foster that spirit in their children and to see that it was taught to the com munity at- large. Air. Cook spoke of the immense rise of the patriotic spirit in Denmark, and quoted an authority to prove that this rising wns due to the elimination of immaterial matter from the public school history books, and the putting in its place accounts of deeds done for the Danish empire. The young minds were saturated witli the accounts of stirring and brave deeds. This patriotic spirit should be fostered first in the homes, and second in the schools. Senator Sir Robert Best also urged women to recognise that each had a citi zen's duty to perform. An animated discussion fallowed. The necessity of -making Jack afloat more com fortable nnd naval life more attractive than it had been was voiced- The pros pects of a naval college being formed were also referred to. In reply to the question where was the money for.the-new navy to come from, Mr. Cook said it was hoped that the arrangements recently made with the States would furnish enough to meet the expenses of defence without further taxa tion. The question was so important, however, that if taxation were absolutely needed it would 'be levied. Aliss Grace Watson subsequently Bpoke, in order to dispel a misapprehension that the. Women's National League anil the political salon w£rc in ahy way connected. Each couid.lielp the other, slic said, nnd no matter what league or association they worked with, the more women who votetl in tlie Liberal interest the better, it would he for Australia. 