FOREIGN SITUATION THE STATE OF TURKEY. r GERMANY AND ; r RUSSIA. from. our Own Correspondent 'J' London, May 7, 1909. Even when allowance is made for the natural sluggishness of the Turkish temperament, the state of calm into which Constantinople has relapsed after the revo- lutionary fever of the past few weeks ja Cot a little remarkable The streets are still patrolled by the soldiery, and it is thought premature to remove the guards from the foreign embassies and the public buildings, but there are no disturbances, and not a finger is lifted in defence of the ringleaders in the late seditionary riots, -who' are being hanged in batches daily The explanation is that the late Sultan, Abdul Hamid, was never personally popular, and that the mob have been disabused of their superstitious belief that his actions were inspired by the Prophet The eyes of his former subjects have been opened, not only in the capital, but in the distant provinces, and even the Albanians, always the staunchest of his supporters, are more than reconciled to his deposition. For the moment attention is concen ' trated on the rescript issued by the new Sultan Had it been composed in London it could, scarcely have breathed more fully than it does, the spirit of constitutionalism "The aim of my Government," Mohammed "V observes, will always be to guarantee liberty, equality, and justice to all my subjects, and the document then adumbrates various thorough going reforms, financial, judicial, educational, and military. The Sultan is described by all. who know him as a sleepy, kindly, well meaning and vidual, wholly incapable of governing on his own. account, but likely to be/an,, apt instrument in the hands of the Young Turks A Padishah, after all it seems, counts for very little Abdul Hamid, as one representative of the Prophet and as A the Father of the Faithful, was believed to possess unrivalled influence, not only in Turkey, but throughout the Mohammedan world Our rule in India was shaped in great measure? on this supposition, yet not a voice Tifas raised in his defence And so in the case of his successor, his first public appearance excited little enthusiasm The least intelligent Trust has begun to see that it is not the thEme Which counts nowadays but the power behind it Indeed, % the growth of a self-governing conscious 'ness among the Turks has so far raised them in the estimation of foreigners that is in this country there be a movement in favor of eliminating from the Prayer book ofUhe CJrtircli of England, the condemnatory phrase, Turks, infidels, and heretics " The Turks, of course, worshipping God under another name, as they do, were never" infidels, though for centuries they * have acted on many occasions as though God were supplanted in their creed by the fern It was; certainly no being able to. the Christian God who could have inspired the atrocities in Bulgaria and the more are I went massacres in Armenia, but if, under the new regime, they act like -respectable L Monotheist«, there is no reason, in the opinion of many why their nationality should not be omit led from the Prayer t book The Archbishop of Canterbury, who his been approached on the subject, has promised attention to the suggestion, j, Whose justice he acknowledges though he thinks it improbable that any alteration 1 a will be made in the texts of-the collects yet awhile. r v The Slave's Revenge. "i 9 -Mr Lnaèn Wolf, better known as "The "a'? Jomaticns," considers it premature to afford a was the hopes of Panslavista have been as it completely d,8"3^ by recent events in the Balkans as the Austrian journals a Se 2 "" to believe If by Panslavism is meant the colossal scheme of a federation of Slav -? *****""****-*-**-*---?-??.--^--» peoples!eweeping southward from the Neva to the Danube, and thence to the Egean, which is what the romancists of Moscow at- tribute to Catherine the Great, then the cause is lost indeed. But this project has had no place, excepting as a provisional cloak for the political designs of the Russian Government in South-Eastern Europe or the proselytising ambition of the Orthodox Greek Church. While the dreamers have been talking of federation and Slav unity, Russia has been striving for domina- tion. For a time the statesmen of St. Petersburg thought they would find in Bulgaria a docile instrument for extending Russian dominion to the Bosphorus, and while the Russians have dreamt of dominating the whole of the Balkans, the Bulgarians have been inspired by a similar idea in Macedonia, and the Servians have followed suit in the same region as well as in Bos- nia and even in Montenegro. This being the condition of orthodox Panelavism, it has obviously suffered little from recent events. Russian prestige has suffered, as also has the sanctity of treaty obligations and of public law, but the cause of Slav unity has not suffered. It may indeed, have gained. The Slavs have had 1 three compensations in the new settlements. Bulgaria has become an independent king dom; Montenegro has secured her maritime , independence, and Servia herself, by the proposed Adriatic railway, will in a substantial degree be relieved of her economic dependence on Austria. The great blunder from which so many other mistakes have sprung lies in supposing that Austria will, or can. always be a German oGerman Mag var State. Since her expulsion from. Germany she has become more and more a Slav power, and there is little doubt that she is destined to realise the unifying dreamy of *" the southern Slavs. The universal suffrage law in Austria has already recognised the impossibility of maintaining the hegemony of a German ulster, and when a similar law has been passed in Hungary, as it shortly will be. the destiny of the Austrian Slavs will be in their own hands. Czechs, Serbs, Croats, and JRuthenes will form the nucleus of a new Slav empire, to which the smaller Balkan States will inevitably ally themselves, and which in the far-off future may even come to an understanding with Russia on Slavophil lines. The Tate discomfiture of Russia may teach the Slavs of Austria and the Balkans the much-needed lesson that their salvation can no longer come from without, but must be achieved from within. The Teutons Hold on Russia. If, however, the Teutonic element is destined in time to became one quantity negligible in Russia the Germans may find compensation in a phenomenon less noticed than it deserves to be. This is the hold which the Germans are acquiring;, over Russia by the occupation of its territory and the centres of its commercial existence. In St. Petersburg, Moscow, Odessa, Lodz, and other commercial cities their influence is paramount. Along the lower Volga they elect civil magistrate? who can scarcely speak a word of Russian. In the Vistula and Baltic provinces entire Ge man villages have been received as immigrants en masse-. The site of their new home is always some point of strategic importance on Russian territory, and. they are generally financed for the enterprise by the Berlin banks Along the Vistula German social and socio-political institutions have flourished for years past; gymnastic clubs, cycling clubs, singing clubs, even rifle clubs, exist, the members of which are drilled to the use of the service weapon and regularly inspected by German officers.. This all takes place on Russian territory and under the full observation of the im- passive RUBS "an authorities, who seem to attach no significance to the fact that whole regiments of German riflemen march unrestrictedly through the villages of Russian Poland courting public sympathy with their stirring chorus, of the ""Wacht am Rhine" The political organisation of the German residents under the control of the great- -centralised club known as the "Alt- deutscher Verband" would deserve an essay for itself. But what particularly arrests serious attention in Russia at the present moment is the amount of land they possess. To give a single concrete instance, of the 695 manors registered in the Yurieff district only seven » or eight belong to a Russian proprietors; the rest.belong.to Ger- ' mans. In Russian Poland no" fewer than 4,220 square miles of the total of 49,160 square miles comprised by that province are held, by Germans as their own property; in the south-west,! Volhynia, Dk mania, and New Russias another 4,220 square miles of a total of 104,970 square miles; in Lithuania, 1,260 square miles of a total of 47,040 square miles; in addition to _*-IM--.-.--^^ which in these provinces alone M. Vergun estimates that 4,500 houses and 1,800 factories are possessed by Germans. To sum up, it is estimated that in Russia at the present moment there are over 2,000,000 Germans, mostly of Prussian origin, distributed in 2,755 colonies, and largely under military organisation. There are besides 5,250,000 German-speaking Jews, worse national sympathies at least are German, and who are mostly grouped in the western provinces, where there is more fear of invasion. There is thus to-day a German host of 7,250,000 in Russia rooted to some 50,000 square miles of the soil, controlling by far the greater portion of the country, backed up by a formidable amount of capital, to a large extent under military organisation, and innocent of any pretensions to Russian citizenship. It is no longer a German invasion; it is a German occupation. Germany's Troubles. It is with anything but a light heart that Prince Buelow can have celebrated his 60th birthday this week. Even an effusive message from the Kaiser, who is reposing in his aEgean holiday resort at Corfu, can scarcely have reconciled him to the crisis from which it is a mere chance whether his proverbial res- iuicfciulncss will rescue him. The Finance Committee of the Reichstag has made shipwreck of his financial proposals, which aimed at creating new taxes to the extent of £25,000,000. It was proposed to levy these in the easiest way, viz., on the poorer classes, who have no power, as the franchise goes at present, to resist. The Liberals however, did not disguise their dissdLÛlaction, and as it is proposed to levy some part of the taxation in the shape of estate duties on the rich, the latter have kicked even more vigorously than the Liberals, and, what is more, have been joined by the Clericals, always a thorn in the side of the Government. As usual in Germany, the Government have been striv- ing to represent public opinion as favorable to their newly By organising reputations to themselves with petitions from the public not to be exempted from the privilege of paying the £25,000,000. This manifestation of a feverish longing to be taxed -oes down with no one; but the Conserva- lives in their desire to show that they are not adversaries of all forms of taxation on wealth, have suggested that unearned increment in land values and securities should be mulcted, and here again they are supported by the Clericals. What will be the upshot no one can say. The Chancellor may re- sign, but of the various alternatives before him this is the one he is the least likely to adopt. Nor is a dissolution of Parliament much more probable. To go to the country on a cry for more taxes would not be a very hopeful course; and it is ( doubtful whether the result would be the return of a more tractable Reichstag. A third course open to Prince Buelow would be an understanding with the Conservatives and Cleri- calls, which means a break up of the exist- ing Woe by which the Government have carried their measures hitherto. A journey to Canossa the metaphorical way of describing submission to the Clericals is what no German Chancellor cares to undertake; but the Kaiser would like far less to cut himself adrift from the vested interests and throw them permanently into Opposition side by side with the Clericals and Socialists. The probability is that a compromise will be reached, as usual a the expense of the masses. The Chancellor was never keen on the inclusion in his policy of provision for taxing the rich even to the extent of £5,000,000; and he only threw it in as a sop to sweeten the £20,000/00 of indirect taxation. The liberals, Radicals. and Socialists thought the £5,000.000 inadequate. The Conservatives wanted it expunged altogether. Probably there will be a compromise on the basis of the acceptance of £2,500,000,/the balance being raised by additions to the burdens of the inarticulate millions. When the £25,000.000 is gone in further armaments, more will be demanded and still more, as long as the patient masses will stand bleed- ing. It is a dismal prospect which con- fronts Germany- From 1872 to 1888 an annual £15 000 000 sufficed for defensive purposes. Now £65.000,000 is deemed by the Government to be inadequate. France's Naval weakness. The alarm long felt by the French people as to the condition of their navy has been in no way modified by the appearance of a work on the subject by M: de Lanessan. Speaking from the experience he derived. while Minister of Marine from 1899 to 1902, and on the basis of information he has since acquired as political editor of the "Siecle," M. de Lanessan estimates the naval force available for war at not more than, seven battleships', x 12 armored cruisers, 60 destroyers, and" a larger force of torpedo-boats and, submarines. There maining vessels of the navy are condemned as fit only for use as a reserve or as. worse than useless. It is an alarming indictment, for it means that in matters naval the Republic has declined to the position of a third-, rate or fourth rate naval power, inferior not only to this country, which it always was, but to Germany, to Japan, and to the United States. Unhappily the indictment is in great part sustained by the disclosures of the Parliamentary Commission. M. de, Lanessan finds the chief causes in political ineptitude and political incompetence.' I He attributes the destruction of the French navy to the "Labor and Socialistic elements It is not that those elements are wholly unconscious of the need of a strong France. It is that they are impressed with the greater need of securing a juster distribution of power. They feel, with the little dressmaker who went with sydney Carton to the guillotine, that the Republic which was to have done so much for the poor has done next to nothing, and they are resolved before troubling about defence to give the people something to de- fund. As an attack from Germany, the only Power of whom France is in any dan- ger-will be delivered on land, if at all, France incurs no great peril from the collapse of her naval power, unless, perhaps, in prestige. Whatever the causes and consequences, however, the fact remains that the French navy, as at present constituted, is adapted for defensive purposes only. Torpedo craft and submarines abound to the exclusion of battleships and cruisers. Such vessels of the larger kind as exist do not get enough, practice at sea, and it is obvious that neither officers nor men can be adequately trained in harbor. Inciaen tally it may be mentioned that Dread- noughts" find little favor with M. de Lanessan. They owe their origin to a mis- taken inference from the Japanese victory at Tsushima, which was not gained, as the British Admiralty thought, at long range, but by vessels of secondary armament. The New Wilhelmina. The birth of a daughter to the Queen of Holland has been a cause of much rejoicing among her subjects, who had long been filled with not unnatural dread of the throne being left at her death without a direct heir. They would have preferred a son, but a daughter will answer just as well as a means of preserving the dynasty, or half of it, and saving the throne from a foreign, and perhaps a German claimant. Half the Orange Nassau dynasty, of which the reigning Queen is the last representative, is gone, for the infant now born starts a new dynasty. There has been talk at the Hague of enacting a special law to secure the retention of the hyphen and Nassau after the title of Orange, but the Dutch are far more concerned about the perpetuation of the House of Orange than about its annexe. a Had the event now chronicled not occurred the peace of Europe might have been jeopardised in the struggle for the Dutch throne in years to come. The Almanack de Gotha is a perfect hive of genealogical complications, for cadet branches. of Oranges and Nassau are thick as the proverbial leaves that strew the brooks in 'Vaüombrosa, though it is generally admitted that William Ernest, Grand Duke, of Saxe-Weimar, has the best claim.? The day has gone when dynastic marriages regulated , the geography of Europe, yet embarrassment might easily arise from the sympathies of a. sovereign brought up in an atmosphere alien to the national sentiment of the people he is called upon to rule. One does not forget that the Franco-Prussian war, one of the cruellest on record, was ostensibly, at least, waged to prevent the crown of Spain from passing to a Hohenzollern, and the issues then, supposed to be at stake were far less serious than those involved in the accession of a German prince to the Dutch throne. It is true that German princes have shown that they can sink their nationality in that of their subjects, as they have done in Great Britain, Portugal, and Bulgaria, whose thrones have been supplied from the prolific House of Saxe-Coburg: but Hol- land is geographically in a position which makes if specially apprehensive in respect to its independence. Its seaboard is well known to be covered by Germany; indeed German writers like the late Heinrich von Treitschke, and Professor Ernst von Halle have untiringly impressed on their countrymen the advantage of arising from and in order that Rotterdam may be the chief harbor of a German Hinterland. The pledge now given of the continuance of the direct succession in Holland is a heavy blow to the Pan-Germans, whose schemes for a forcible rearrangement of the map of Europe to take effect at the close of the present reign it disorders, it may be hoped, permanently. Disaffected Egypt. Further evidence, if any were needed, of the efficient and fruitful development of Egypt under British administration is afforded by Sir Eldon Gorst's latest report. But in spite of what has been done to reverse the horrors of government as practised by Oriental despots like Ismail, the beneficiaries are never weary of decrying the foreign control. "It is disappointing to find," says the Consul-General "that the majority of the non- official educated classes amongst the Egyptians are unwilling to show any sign of the advance gained by the country, or appreciation of the fact that the machine of government is at length beginning to move fairly fast in the direction they desire." It is not merely the Nationalists who are opposed to the present regime. Their critical disposition and ''prejudiced attitude" have extended to the less extreme members of the community," with the result that the Government have more than ever to rely on the police for the maintenance of public order. The revolutions in Turkey and Persia have, as was to be expected, produced a disturbing effect upon Egypt, stimulating the Nationalists to revive their claims for representative institutions. The report shows how close the connection between Turkey and Egypt is. Two years ago Lord Cromer declared that the Nationa- list movement in Egypt was due to nothing but religious fanaticism. But the triumph of the Young Turks has purged this movement from mere racial hatred, and before long we shall have to deal in Egypt with the unadulterated nationalism which gave the Young Turks their strength, and the question now is whether, by opportune concessions it may be prevented from becoming anti-British. A slight extension of the powers of the provincial councils, it is to be feared, will not do much to rally supporters to the side of the Government. The necessity of some approach to Parliamentary Government is becoming clearer every year, and it is no reply that power might be got into the hands of a cheque" and" the Constitution imperilled. As a Liberal Power, controlling the army, we should be the natural guardians of the Constitution, as the Young Turks and the Salonika army were in Constantinople. It may be questioned, too, whether the Government have done well to revive the press law, passed in 1881, when the unpopularity of the British occupation was, at its height. The law provides that every newspaper ' owner must obtain a license and deposit £100 before he can print. He must also get the day's issue approved before he can sell; and all this in addition to the power the Minister of the ' Interior may exercise of suppressing any refractory journal. If the need of such a law could be proved it would be a sad confession of the failure of our rule after a generation to satisfy the natives; but so far from the proof being forthcom- ing, Sir Eldon admits that the extremists are few. If so, the ordinary penal code should suffice, or if it does not, it should be made stronger. Altogether the outlook in Egypt just now is anything but reassuring. Woman's Suffrage in Denmark. The cause of woman's suffrage has achieved a notable triumph in Denmark. In Copenhagen and other large towns women have participated in municipal elections, not only as voters, but as candidates. As candidates they gained all but 7 per cent of the municipal offices. Encouraged by this sign of their strength they are now demanding more vehemently than ever equal suffrage rights with men in the Parliamentary elections, and in view of the popularity their cause has acquired, they are sanguine that a favorable response will be, forthcoming, and that it will fall to Denmark to be the first of European countries to admit women to the political franchise, on the same terms as men. as -. *? - When the day arrived for the women to cast their first municipal ballots the occasion was hailed with rejoicing. Copenhagen took on the aspect of a holiday. Women thronged the streets and went gaily to the polls as if to a social tea. Husbands and lovers proudly escorted their ladies to the voting places and attempted to show their masculine superiority by explaining every minutest detail of the voting' system. Some women in their haste rushed into booths already occupied by men voters, and had to be guided elsewhere. A few husbands held heated arguments over politics and candidates with their, wives, trying to win them over to their own way of thinking and voting. But in most cases husbands and wives seemed to vote in complete harmony. At mid-day Queen Lease Visited a great millinery factory and addressed the women employes and urged them to exercise their right to vote. '"When women have secured the' suffrage they should use it," she said. The woman's suffrage movement has had the hearty approval of the Queen, the Princess Marie, and other members of the Royal family for several years, ever since the majority of the women took up the question in earnest. When the ballots were counted on election night it was found that over half, the votes cast were by women. Here, indeed, was a, new and potent factor asperities. Neither social distractions more housework, nor business, nor even there infirmities of age were allowed to stand in any woman's way of casting her maiden ballot. Among the women voters was an old lady of ninety five, Mrs. Phister, formerly a famous actress. Although the Queen was in sympathy with the causes certain conventions prevented her and other members of the Royal ladies from voting, just as the King himself refrains from vising the ballot. The. greatest interest in the election centred in the women candidates for aldermen. When it was learned that seven had been elected great enthusiasm was shown by all, men and women alike. One lady,' pretty Al vida Hoff, made her victorious campaign on the pledge of bettering the condition of working women in the Danish capital. She has already drafted several measures, which she will submit at the first meeting of the new Aldermanic Board. Fra "Thora Knudsen was the factory girls' champion and candidate, and she proved exceedingly popular at the polls. - It is a sad fact, however (writes the "Daily Telegraph's" correspondent), that Alderman Julia Aronholt was elected by a tremendous majority because of her beauty. She got nearly all the men's votes, besides receiving the almost solid support of her women constituents. All these three women were Radicals, and made a very aggressive cam 