FROZEN AND CHILLED MEAT. RECENT REFRIGERATING CONGRESS. VIEWS OF A QUEENSLAND REPRESENTATIVE STUD CATTLE FOR ARGEN- TINA. Captain A. XV. Pearce, secretary of the Aaistralian Stock Owuens' Association, xviio lopresentod a number of Queensland, No.iv Zealand and «Patagonian meat avoi ka eoni «panic-i nt ('he üofrigeratiing Inidu&tries; Congre?*», recently held in Paris, is ut (present in Brisbane, and in the couise of au interview ]¡i9t evening, he referred to it number of interesting matters in con- nection with the congress and refrigerat- ing interests gener.illy. The congress was an in'tenutional one, and was attended oy some 20Û0 delegates from all iparts of the xvorld, who gathered togetlier for the iirat lime, for the puitpose of going into ¡the xvliolc matter of refrigeration from its many poin'ts of view. All Of the State Governments «had their representatives' there, and the ro.isoii why «Captain Pearce and other representative; from Australia xvere appointed avas, in «the first pl.oce, because it avas considered that it was necessary for Australia to be repre- sented, and secondly, in the hope that they avould' be able to do something in the matter of securing tiro removal of the restrictions on the importation of Aur> ti alian frozen produce into France. Tlie congress was the firat of tlie kind that had ever been held, and naturally the avoik nats largely of a preliminary elia rider, but it xvas decided that another congress Should be held in Vienna in 191?, and this, it -.vas felt, would have fur-reaching effeots. One resolution, howe7or, xva."i un- animously carried at the recent congress that it ivas absolutely in Hie interests of the Frendi people tliat the restrictions against the importation of frozen meat should «be removed. In France, said Cap- tain Pearce, the meat avas very poor ; it was the saine in Germany, and in faet throughout Europe. One result of Ulis had been tliat Spain and Switzerland hud both opened their doora to the froi'.en meat trade, «but they xvanted the meat so clieaply that, in' his opinion, thore would not ¡be much of an opening there for . Australia, illowever, it would probably relieve the London market by tokriig off a lot of Argentine meat, thus leading to lesser competition in England, It Bcenied to liim that xvhat xvas urgently required in Australia xvas a frozen storage association -an association ' of all of the people in- terested in cold storage of every descrip- tion-so that at tlie congress in 1910 they could be represented, xvith one voice. This xvas the only country in the xvorld avhero there xvas no cold storage association, and during the next few months he avas going to endeax'our to xvork one up. Speaking of the frozen meat trade gene- rally «Captain Pearce said that up to tlio present the price of beef had been so high that it had been impossible to export any quantity from Australia, other than to the outports of Manila and VJndivostock. Argentina had almost doubled her export trade last year, and much of it was in chilled beef. This beef was all from animals killed at 3 years old, fatterfed on aiftdfa, or lucerne, and then topped off on maize, and it was almost equal to Iresh .North American beef. Up to the present it had not been found possible to successfully cairy Australian Chilled beef to Euiope, but wonderful im- provements Iliad been made recently, and he believed Hiat within the next twelve montliu it xvould be possible to convey Queensland chilled «beef to London. It xvould Juive to be done to make a succe-s of the export trade. Several new pro- cesses xvere being xvorked out. and chilled beef xvhich 'had been for six xvecks under the processes avas being sent to London. Australian mutton avas still the lowest quality on (¡lie London market, not be- cause the «mutton was bad, but because of the vast distances that if had to travel in this country bfefore it reached the meat xvorks, and the indifferent treatment it received on the railways. One of the reasons why Australian mutton had been so low in price during Hie past few months was tli,at there had been a most unusual influx of mutton from ¿North aird South Holland, and, of course, there liad aLo been a vast increase in« the exports from Argentina. In this connection a matter of great conrern ivas that for the firät time in history Argentina last month «shipped to London 130,000 lambs more than she 'had ever sliijiped in a year before-which avas an eye-opener to Those who hoped that the lamb trade could be monopolised by Australia. He felt con- vinced that Queensland 'beef would have to be sent to the works at about lös. per lOOlbs. to have Hie least chance of competing xvith Argentina in London, and he also «thought Hint rattle raisers xvould find it to their advantage to keep the meat ivories in full swing, and look for the local demand «io keep up the price"». Captain Pearce referred to the fact that for. some years past the Argentine had been closed against tlie importation of Australian stud cattle. On his xvay 1 baek to Australia, lie said, fie interviewed the ¡President of «Hhe Republic at Bueno3 Ayres, and received an assurance that this matter would leceix'e immediate and fax'ourable consideration. Following on this, a fexv days ago he received a cable message announcing that the embnrgo had been removed, and «tlhat Australian stud oattle could now he exported to the Argentine, where a'ery high prices ruled. Next year a very important stock exhibi- tion xvas to be held in the Argentine, at which stock from all paris of Hie xvorld Would be shown. This, lie considered, of- fered a «great diauce for Queensland breed- ers. Speaking of Ids visit to Europe, Cap- tain Pearce incidentally tiefei red to the expansion of the dairying . industry in Siberia. Last year, lie said, some 500,000 emigrants left Russia for Siberia, and ever}* one of them was going into the dairying industry. Vast supplies of »Si- berian butter aveie now being poured into the London market-much of it repacked in Denmark and Danish ¡brands put on it -and it xvas equal to Danish. 'Captain Pearce visited the Franco-iBri tisli Exhibition, biit was no/t at al! favour- ably impressed with the Australian dis- plays, considering tliat their effectiveness xvas completely spoilt by each State Jinv ing a «xiurt of als own and Hins failing to make sudi an impressivvj dispkiy as Canada. In going through England die had ibeen struck 'oy « the energy displayed by the Queensland emigration a«jent, who was the only Australian official to «be met at all the shows entering into competition xvith «Canada. It xvas very often stated, said Captain Pearce, that the English fanner lived a struggling sort of existime. His experience w-.is that he lived in the (neatest comfort, his first obj'ect being to make his home comfortable, and his «second to make u-hr>t little profit he could. He did not think many ot these fanners could be induced to como to australia, altliough farm hbomers might. He sug- gested that the AuslraSian States might be able to obt.iin farm labourers from Canada, to meei their leqiurements, in tlie same way that Argentina did from Italy. Argentina diew about 25,000 labourers from Italy to do harvesting every year, and they letinned on tJhe completion of the avork. Australia could do the same from Canada if Hie immigra- tion laws allowed the men to be brought in to do the work under contract, for there were thousands of labourers there xvho xvould only be too glad to come here to escape the Canadian winter, and once here, he thought, many of them xvould remain. _ 