SUMMARY 1 The King and the Queen will visit Ber lin next month. (Page- V.). The damaged steamer Puparoa jetti soned 10,000 cases of butter. (Page 0.) Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co. have given a contract for the construction of a ueiv stenracr for their Sydney to Sin gapore service. (Page 6.) Bishop Stone-Wigg is a passenger to Australia by the Ortona, (Page G.) Throe hundred, and forty-six oil pictures have been exhibited at. the Royal Aca demy in place of the usual winter exhibi tion of old masters. (Page 0.) Damage estimated at £4-0,000 has been caused by a fire at the manor of Mr. Huntley Walker. (Page f.) Tlie late Mr. Charles Murray Oram, ot Wellington, left personalty valued at. £32,981. (Page 0.) Prcsinent Roosevelt denies that bis ' message suggesting the establishment- of a secret service was intended, to cast re flections - upon 'Congress. (Page 0.) The Emperor William's chaplain on New Year's Day preached from a text selected by His Majesty. (Pago 0.) A German has been arrested in connec tion with the sacrilege on the graves of the Danish royal family. (Page ti.) Frantic scenes wore witnessed in New York among 200 Calabriuu and Sicilian immigrants, who had just heard of the earthquake disaster. (Page. 0.) The dismissal of Ynan-Shih-Kai was tlie result of a powerful attempt on the 1 art of the Maiiehus to regain political ascendency. (Page 0.) Tlie prospects of an understanding be tween Hie Porte and Bulgaria, regarding the latter's declaration of independence'. are considered to' be more hopeful. (Page : 5' J . : A speech delivered hy tlio Servian Minis ter for Foreign Affairs, in Parliament, lias provoked general resentment in Austria. ('Pago 0.) K ing Emmanuel and the Government of Italy have, determined that Messina shall lie rebuilt. (Page 0.) An entire family was released from the. ruins at. Messina on Monday. They laid been imprisoned since, the earthquake, but. were almost uninjured. (Pago 0.) Some of the survivors from the earth quake were rescued alive from among the ruins of Reggio on Monday. (Page 0.) . Preparations are being made at, Mary-, borough for the approaching visit of the Federal Prime. Minister. (Page 9.) ; A lite broke out, in the Toowoomba- Town I-Iall last niglit during Hie pro gress of- an entertainment, and consider able damage was done. (Page. 9.) Tlie dentil is announced of Mr. George, Lauri, tho well known comedian. (Page S.) At 'Newcastle, New South Wales, Albert Leslie Handle shot his wife, and then committed suicide. 'Page 8.) Fifteen bluejackets from the cruiser \- Encounter were drowned in Sydney Har bour yesterday, through a collision be tween" a collier and the pinuace in which they were being conveyed from the war ship to Mrs. Macquarie's chair. (Page 7.) A public fund, for the relief ot the sufferers hy Hie earthquake, was opened at a meeting at Ilie Town Hall, Bris bane, yesterday. (Page 5.) Tins annual "conference of the {Queens land, Teachers' Union began yesterday. ( Page 3.) Yecrangpilly Siiirc Council 'met yester day afternoon. ( Page 5.) The cricket match between New South Wales and' Queensland was not concluded yesterday, slumps being drawn on ac count of rain. (Page 8.) 