\- Yesterday's Cables December 8. Owing to Gennany paralysing Russia over Austria's annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Russian Duma has held a secret' session and voted a million ster ling to enable the transfer of the Rus- sian army on the western frontier to nonj positions. Queensland frozen turtle is selling at about 7Ad. per lb. Divers discovered the steamer Ellan- vannin completely ' broken in two amidships and a loft- hole in her, sug gesting a collision. The Ellanvannin foundered on the bar of the River Mer sey, when bound from the Isle -.of Man to Liverpool, sinking instantfy. .Not one of her crew or. passengers were -saved. Many of those drowned were sleeping in their berths. at the time of- 'the disaster. The United States Supreme Court lias rejected ' tho petition oi Morse, she banker, for release ; be therefore serves his original l-5 years' sentence for corrup tion. A partially filled gasometer at Free- port, Hamburg, caught fire and the flames from it exploded another gasometer, the largest in the world, with a capacity of 200,000 metres, and containing 40,000 metres of gas. Huge flames shot out, killing everyone in. their path aiid doing immense damage. The gasometer which cost 1-1,000,000 marks is in ruins. Charles Gulhringer, a Tammany poli tician of New York, entered a neighbour ing fiat in mistake for his own, and the occupant, thinking him a burglar, shot him dead. The United States expenditure for 1910 is estimated at £146,444,615 sterling, be ing 201- millions \ below the appropriations for the current year. Germany's trade statistics for the year 1908 show that Germany has transferr ed her purchasing to a considerable ex tent from Britain to the United States. The latter now stands first as a pur veyor to Germany, hut Britain heads the list of consumers of -German pro ducts. I The Danish Folkething has agreed to the prosecution of cx-Minister Christen sen in connection with the butter frauds. 500 immigrants have sailed for Queens land in- the steamer Wliakatane, and 200 assisted immigrants for New South Wales in the steamer Gcelong. The latter are mostly Scotch agriculturists. Frqnch military manoeuvres show the untrustworthincss of . dirigibles in war time, they having to ascend so high be yond the range of projectiles that it was impossible to distinguish accurately the movements below. Adolph Beck has died in London in a state of destitution. Beck several years aigo was the victim of an cxtraondinary case df mistaken identity, and was sen tenced to a term oi imprisonment, but subsequently was proved to be not the person wanted. He was pardoned and compensated. Imports into Great Britain increased last quarter by £11,745,000, and ex ports by £4,174,000. The North Queensland Investment Co.'s profit for the year was £3,I4S. The Persian Parliament has approved of the ' Go vernment borrowing half-a-million sterling and the employment of Europeans to organise the finances. Lt. Peary lias commenced -lecturing on his expedition to the North Pale. 10,000 people 1 were present at his first lecture in New York. 