K0TES AND COMMENTS. . potato crops give promise , , ' yield. v .;! -old draught filly sold for ova last week, v it: wonga Agricultural Society < ci; Valance of LS 5s lOd. nvi has appeared among pota- ;n- Smith ton district, Tasmania. . .:sr : ;a.- been resumed at Shep- "He're is a good spring of .,'ies at Lasceiles, Gaima, and M-.> doubled since this time ..t advance of wire netting . !(;.'u iis to any one owner is i. vil?r. of Deep Creek, Narra te : meshed ten bags of comeback i- .. i he acre. \- . ;e past twelve months the Agricultural Society made a ar.y 1.200. . , ' .u;on of black wattle in the con Oastlemaine and Drum- ivg urged, nperdown P. and A. Society t. improvements last year. It debit balance of L22. .'rownell's Beauty potatoes \- oc Fumina country, near .-'i:-d up to l%lb. each. 3 bushels of oats per acre ! 'i from the cultivation : ''V'Orinyaite, Camperdown. i branch of the Victorian r-rs Union has fixed 25s per winter wage in the dis- -'jcc of delegates of the South : vneultural societies will be "g Lang on April 28 to allot draught geldings sold by Mr ''5 f the Xumurkah dis- -u LlOu. They were five and rid. , ' / ' ' v— -nrnent Statist is confident i-oiway Department's estitn- \- '"'"--.OOO bushels of wheat har- \- 'j- sect. .. lhe wheat carters at War- " ' '' » '!iLe home with them a load ! ,l! -Manure. The fallow land J -v '-ual order. -il! ; tVhittakers, of Wandoeka, Gippsland, fa as 45 acres of irrigated lucerne. The last cutting was from 18 inches, to three feet high. At a rabbit drive on an Ararat sta tion the other day, 6009 rodents were destroyed. A still larger number re sulted from, a second drive. The Australian Natives' Association at Creswick approves of a suggestion that local miners should be allowed to acquire land for agriculture in the dis trict. Meetings are to be held at Koroit, Crossley. and Killarney, to es abiish " branches of the Fbrmers' Association. , A committee has already been elected at Illowa. The Shepparton Agricultural High | Schooli opens on April 20. The agricul tural and technical course costs L2 2s per quarter, and the school teaeheis' course LI 10s. A crop of 300 acres of maize at Tea. owned by Mr J. G. Purvis, averages 6ft in height. Tobacco-growing is being tried upon lines laid down at recent farmers' classes. From 70 acres Mr Mat. Templeton, of the Carrapook district, Hamilton, aver aged over 60 bushels of oatfe to the acre. The Messrs Hodgett Bros, harvested 1900 bags of oats. The entries in connection with the Royal Show in Sydney aggregate about 7000, or 1000 more than last year. The principal increases are in live stock, horses totalling over 1100. Nearly half a million acres of Crown land are to be made available in north western Victoria. Surveyors are now at work oil from 30,000 to 40,000 acres near Mulera and Pinnaroo. The ensilage competition under the auspices of the Yarrawonga Agricultu ral Society resulted: — Mr R. Nevin, 1; Mr A. Gemmell (Telford), 2; R. Fergu son (Boomahnoomoonab), 3. Mr George Trende, of Napoleons, has threshed 142 bags of oats from 9 acres, or 64 bushels to the acre. Hay returned him four tons to the acre. A piot of flax showed abundant growth. The Minister for Mines has assured a deputation from the Chamber of Agri culture that no dredging licenses will be issued where dredging would do any harm to agricultural land. The secretary of the Tasmanian Coun cil of Agriculture has sent specimens of diseased hops to the United States Department of Agriculture, Washing ton, for examination and report. The Dubbo (N.S.W.) stock returns for 1908 show the number of horses in the district as 14,853, as against 12,299 in 1.907; cattle, 21,121, as against 20,841; sheep, 1,145,906, as against L311.875. The Board of Agriculture returns show that the wheat production of Great Britain for the year 1908 was C, 566, 892 quarters. This is a decrease of 333.SS2 quarters compared with 1S07. Mr H. R. Gardner, of Breadalbanc, Tasmania, has sent SO pure Shropshire rams, and Mr Charles Best, of West- bury, 30 pure Lincoln rams, to Sydney, for Mr Sydney Thompson, of Wee Waa. Messrs M'Gregor Bros., of Broke, Singleton, New South Wales, have har vested nine tons of lucerne seed. One local firm purchased 25 tons of seed at an average price of about L125 per ton, Strathmerton settlers on' the re claimed land along the Murray front age have decided to request the Minis ter of Lands to re-appraise their ground, as they consider the present price too toigb. Broom corn has been successfully grown at Homewood, near Yea, by Mr A. Gill. Thb plot was three acres in ex tent. Local farmers are so impressed that they are inclined to use their flat country for the crop. Mrs Nat Collins, "the Cattle Queen of Montana," owns so many head that wtien she was asked the number, she replied, "They're too many to count." Mme. Creel, of Washington, has 600,000 head of cattle and 280,000 acres of land. A deputation of horse dealers and others has urged the Minister of Agri culture to remove the absolute prohibi tion imposed on the importation into Victoria of sires and mares from India. Mr Graham pointed out that the mat ter was one for the Federal Government. Lake Buloke residents have suggested to the Minister for Water Supply that a channel be constructed from Morton's Plains to provide about 60 settlers with water for stock and domestic purposes. The question will be dealt with as soon as possible. The Customs authorities at Cairns stopped a Java consignment of maize, because the bags were not of the size required by the Act. It is probable that the maize will be admitted, the genera! opinion being that the Act applies to empty bags only. Stawell mining tailings treated with the cyanide process have bec-n used in the. Warracknabeal district as a fer tiliser. Ttie results were satisfactory, and a company has now been formed to bag the sand. Orders for hundreds of tons have been received. Mr Bassa-ni, an Italian settler at Port Pirie, South Australia, has introduced into that State several of his country men, who have had experience in to bacco culture. It is understood that he intends to apply to the Government with a view to securing land suitable for tobacco growing. Speaking at Ballarat the Premier (Mr Murray) said his Government realised tliat land monopoly was to be no longer tolerated in Victoria, and that no longer would people be allowed to occupy large areas in luxurious ease. The policy would be to see that the land was put to its best use . The area under wheat in New Zea land is 252.391 acres, estimated to yield 8.328,903 bushels, or an average of 33 bushels per acre. The amount of wheat and flour on hauid on October 31 last was 1.761,534 bushels. The area under oats is 407,037 acres, estimated to yield 17,005,554 bushels, or an average of 40 bushels to the acre. A deputation from the Chamber of Agriculture asked the Minister of Cus toms that the makers of wheat sacks should be obliged to provide space for a full 2001b. weight. Mr Tudor replied that at Port Adelaide he had inspected a full day's tally of weights of bags, and found the average 19olbs. He is not inclined td make any alteration. The Water Commission has adopted, a plan for supplying water to an area of 6000 square miles in the Wimmera. A main channel will be constructed from Lake Lonsdale. The main feeder chan nel will touch Birch ip, Wycheproof, Sea Lake, Karkarooc, and reach as far north as Rainbow and Hopetoun. T1 e cost of the work will be about L49.000. The most successful breeders of both heavy and light horses in America are using lucerne extensively in the de velopment of their young stock. A fif teen hundred pound horse doing steady work should have about 41b. of hay with his morning feed, and the same amount at night. Many horses will eat 301b or 401b. of hay a day if they hwe free ac cess to it. The inoculation of mules against horse-sickness is now pretty general in South Africa. From November, 1905 to June, 1908, some 12,000 mules have been treated in South Africa. Within the last three seasons horse-sickness has been present in varying degrees of severity. It was fairly severe in 1905-06; the fol lowing season was an extremely bad one, but 1907-08 was mild. Mr Elwood Mead, Chairman of the Water Commission, recently took 21 samples of soil from different localities in the country between the Rodney dis trict on the east and the Avoca River on the west. These have been analysed, and with two exceptions they proved suitable for cultivation under irrigation. The exceptions contained as much as seven tons of salt per acre in each sur face foot of soil. Mr S. White, of Merribindinyah Sta tion, Gundagai, New South Wales, has done vigorous work in the matter of rab bit suppression. On his 9000 c.cres he erected 42in. netting along the boundary fences, the divisions consisting of 36in. netting. Then the whole of the war rens were dug out, and harbors de stroyed, packs of dogs being used for the purpose of hunting down rabbits, after being driven from their shelter. As a result, within the 9000 acres thus treated not one rabbit is now to be seen. With the object of showing that aban doned goldfields in districts with a suit able rainfall can be turned to profitable account, the Agricultural Department about eighteen . months ago began ex- perimenting. upon, some worked out min ing land at Mt. Xavier, near Ballarat. Off 35 acres last year, 70 tons of wheat and oaten hay were cut. Seventy acres j are now ready for sowing in wheat, oats, barley, peas, and beans. The tex ture of the ground has already im proved. In the Wycheproof and Blrchip areas the Water Supply Commission proposes to strike a rate in three divisions, the first for land within one mile of an available water supply, is ir the pound: the second, for land beyond one mile, i but within 2 Vi miles of a supply. Cd in the pound; and the third, for properties still further away, 2d in the pound. This rate will be levied for the half- year ending on June 30, so that the dis trict may be brought into line with the eomissioh's general rating year, wliica begins on July I. The valuations at Wy cheproof are 18>,s per cent, higher than the municipal valuation. At Bin-hip they are 25 per cent. j The Municipal Association and tiw j Chamber ot Agriculture have requested the Minister of Agriculture to make the j destruction of sparrows compulsory. ; that a regis. ration of stick brands bill, j also a. pure feeds bill, should bo intro- I duced; Chat municipalities should- he j compelled to destroy mxious woc.is. ! and that legislation should be passed to prevent stock loitering upon stock routes. Mr Graham 'pro mised that inquiries would be made in New Zealand and South Australia as to sparrow destruction, and that the requests as to the thistle nuisance, trav elling stock question, and Pure Sc -d Bill would be carefully considered. A registration of stock brands bill, had he said, been already prepared. One hundred years ago tfae Shire horse of to-day was known as the Large Black or Heavy Black, and was, above all, -the cart horse. It was principally bred in the English Midlands — Derby shire, Leicestershire, Warwickshire. Staffordshire, and Lincolnshire, the breed in the last-named country being the largest. The Black, Sir Waiter GHbey, Bart., tells us, had had a chequered history. In the days of armor it was the war horse: when heavy armor was discarded it still furnished remounts to dragoons; and MRjJ) a 100 years ago it was sti)MffSenJSL (though lighter horsCF rmore- SS'fitapd ) for army purjes>" Mr LaxfertX/'daSrinViJi 'cH)(W fecial Land BodjTOl 'fi&M;'t 'tvith,fl,0uyen | blocks, ' n i ntolMW that "the demanfertLfiCfcKy great, but the suitabmty-®W)bel$plicanfs was not so marked as formerely. Many- were good men, but others had no more chance of success than if they were ap plying for land in tlie moon. They had neither the personal requisites nor the j tangible means necessary. Some were t young, and were working on the : farms of their fathers. The youths were j full of hope, but they had notCiing them- selves, and were expecting their fathers ; to assist them. One thing that struck j the members of the board was the large . number of farmers' sons who were de- j pendent on their fathers. They were re- i ceiving no wages, but were looking for ward to being well paid for their i labors." i An establishment for breeding pigs j has been started near Odense (Den- j mark) with a view to the discovery of the best kinds for slaughtering and fat tening, as well as for the experimental crossing of well-known breeds. Other stations on the same model are to be started in Jutland and Zeeland. It is expected that by these means pig-breed ing will be greatly improved, as tbe fact has been already demonstrated at the Odense station that, with care and pro per feeding, finer animals can be pro duced. Since the export of slaughtered pigs to the United Kingdom was begun, the old breed of very fat swine has been replaced by the Yorkshire pig. Ttiis breed has been kept pure. Few breeders prefer to mix at with the old Danish breed. Of the new Danish- Yorkshire pigs there is a considerable export of pedigree animals to Russia. The estimated area under wheat in Tasmania last season is set down at 29,878 acres, against 30.794 in the previ ous year — a decrease of 916 acres. The yield is estimated at 1S.8 2bushels per acre. Oats covered 55,365 acres against 54,625 last year, an increase of 740 acres, the yield being put down at 26.16 bushels per acre. There was a big increase in the area sown with Cape barley — lire figures being 1787 acres against 774 acres in 1903, an increase of 1013 abres. The English b&rley; area was also in creased by 919 acres — 5997 acres eom- i pared with 5078 ceres for 1998, the yieU ibe'-g estimated at 20.38 bushels. The j average yield of bay is estimated to bu 1.12 tons per acre. Potatoes cover 32.330 acres against 35,64 0 last season, a de crease of 6330 acres. The Water Cutn.-nissh-n has arranged for anoti er lucerne hay competition. A nrize of L10 will be oflVrei in e.-fh of the four folloo-vimr divis' ns <>f ihe Stat'- to the farmers 5 culueirg the largest yield of lucerne bav fivm 5 acres oi land : — Rodney irrigation ti i.-t ricl , 'bibuna and 1 1< Crtii:.! : . ,k irrigation dist riel. 8waa Hi'l and Nv;.h irnga ; ion disirict. and th- remaind-i- of the State. There must be in: !' ,vor linn liv contestants f,.- each prize. Tin-re wishing to com pete must n t i f ;.- mc Secretary ef the Water I'l.n-.mis-ion by May 1 the com- i pit it i.111 v. iii i ,(' rest ri ted to land sceJ- | 'ii aft- r tiiai date. The award will be ; made a la -at 1st May. liiin. ynd will be | based upon the lota! eight of hay cat land stackt d bet .vc-en May 1, 1903, and. | May 3. 1910. Where i vo c mipetitors tie I for a prize as far as the weight of liay obtained is r .nctrned the one who has used the least water will have the pre ference. Mr Harris Weir.stock, a Commissioner from ihe State Government of Cali fornia, visited the Goulburn Valley, and subsequently stated thai it was a "woe ful waste" to see so much arable land and so few houses. "If," he added, "this country were California, do you know what we would do? We would ! gel together, form a promotion com mi t- , tee, and raise funds. Then we would ' appoint a secretary, a scientific adver- . tiser. who was also a good administra tive man. Ke would show the way in I methods of advertising. In California we make use of the daily press, pamph lets, magazines, travelling lecturers, who show lantern slides, and railway cars, that travel through tbe o.Cier States. You could advertise extensively in England, Germany and Scandinavia, and get a fine class of people. I do not ; mean assisted immigrants, but people j who could come at their own ekpense with ambition to lietter their condition. You do not want the unfit and tbe scum. At any rate, you have a protection .against them in the distance and "the cost of coming here." Mr Temple Smith, who was ap pointed tobacco expert for Victoria' in 1901. reports a marked ad vance in the industry. In 1901 the area cultivated was 103 acres, producing 345 cwt. of dried leaf. In 3907-8 the area was 345 acres,' pro ducing 1767 cwt., and the num ber of growers increased from 17 to 49. A further increase is expected this year. Mr Smith says that it has been proved that Victoria can produce a good quality of cigar leaf. Pipe to bacco leaf sells at from 7d to 9d per lb., while for cigar leaf from Is to Is 6d has been obtained, and in one in- st-.nee 2s. Crops of 1000 to 1500 lb. of cured leaf per acre are not unknown, the value at present prices being from i L30 to L40 per acre for pipe tobacco, and as high as L300 per acre for cigar, leaf. A. misapprehension on the part of th« Closer Settlement Board, when the Ex- ford Estate was purchased, led to the settlement being visited by the Premier (Mr Murray) and the Minister for Lands (Mr M'Keirzie). They were accompanied by the secretary of the Closer Settlement Board (Mr J. E. Jenkins). When the Closer Settlement Board drove over the estate they were charmed with the road through it. It traversed, for about 100 chains, the old pre-emptive right which was retained by U:ie owner of tbe. estate (Mr H. W. Si.au gh ton). After tbe purchase was completed ii transpired that the road was not a proclaimed road, but only a private track, and in due course it was closed, as far as that part of the estate which was retained by tbe owner is concerned. The settlers of South Ex- ford. instead of getting to Melton in a journey of Rbj miles tlu-ougti the estate, have to travel 7,,« inilc-s around it in one direction and 9Vi> miles on the other. Mt Murray and Mr M'Zenzie drove 22 miles to the estate in the State motor-car to see how the serious diffi culty as to the full use of the road or track in question can be overcome. 