HOME RULE. At a meeting, in Dublin on Tuesday evening last the directory of' the Uni ted Irish League decided that Mr. As- quith's declaration in liis Albert Hall speech might be interpreted to mean that lie intended to claim a mandate from the people at the next election to deal with the self-government . of Ire land as soon as the veto of the House of Lords was swept away. The direc tory accordingly considered that the Prime Minister's statement!/ ought to b- quite satisfactory to the Irish peo ple, and passed . a resolution heartily : advising the members 'of the league in Britain to use Irish support and Irish voles on behalf of Liberal and Labor -'ndVlntes. A meeting of 69 ' mem bers. of the Nationalist, party was held' in Dublin and unanimously confirmed this resolution, which the party offi cial newspapers strcnuouslv defend. T'li-e Times correspondent at Dub lin. and oher ores correspondents note th"t fn othc-- nnaHera the reso lution lies been received with cither s'rr-ifiennt s'lence or open condemna tion. The Irish "-ircr " S'iiti '?ein " fiercely attacks tlie directory's de cision. The chairman of the Nationalist Pnrtv, Mr. -Tohn Redmond, speaking at J Dublin, said (hat M,r. Asnuith's de- 1 clarntion had brought the Home Rule nucstion back to the Gladstonian, level. ! The present was. iii his opinion, the' best chance that Ireland had ever had of tearing, up and trampling under foot the infamious Act of Union which had made Ireland an im- ' .poyerished, depopulated, and " unhappy - country. If the Government were 're- j turned with a. substantial maiority. I tlie House of Lords would 'Speedily go. t and then Horn© Rule- would, come. j In that event, he could assure the British people, in the name of Ire- land, that Home Rule would be _re- , eeived and worked in the same spirit as the concession of freedom to the Transvaal had been -received and ; worked. .< j Sir A. Acland- Ifood (Conservative), addressing g meeting at Oxford, de clared that - Mr. Asquitli's ' offers . and promises, to each section of liis party' were mere dishonest vote-catching bribes. . Tho council of the Northumberland Miners' Uriion has, by 47 votes to 39. agreed" not to _ oppose Mr. Thomas Burt and Mr. Charles Fen wick at tlie , coming ! . elections, arrd to allow theni t-o run as independent candidates. This decision is subject .to- the confirmation of "the lodges. , | An Indian cricket team will visit England in 1911. A guarantee fund has been opened at Bombay, and -al ready 30,000 rupees (£2000) have been subscribed. ' _ ; The Marylebonc club committee have approved of the alteration of law .54 so as to allow of the in-side in a three days' match declaring tlieir innings closed at any time during the second day. The alteration will be submit ted to a general meeting of the club in -May next. (Law 54 at present reads The iivsidc may declare their innings at an end in a three days match at or after tlie luncheon inter val on the V second day ; ; in a - two. daW match, the captain, of the bat- ting side has power to declare at a close at any time, but such declara tion may not be made on tlie first dav later than one hour and forty minutes- before the time agreed upon for 'drhwing - stumps .; in a one . day match at .any'timc.);-., . ' ' In the, Canadian House of Commons , oa Tuesday the Minister for Finance, Mr. "TV. S. Fielding, estimated , the re venue for the "current 97,500,000 dollars (about £19,500,000), and the .expenditure chargeable to in come at 'SI,' 000.000 dollars (about £16,200,000), the excess of revenue over expenditure being duetto rigid economy. Owing to the disturbance in the monev .market lie did not m- tend to float a nermanent loan. Hp wJuld merely issue £3.000.000 worth of 34 per cent. Treasury bills With a currency of six months starting from the first of next month. _ . . The Russian" publisher ot Count iol- stoy's book, " The Kingdom' ot God is Within You." has been sentenced to a vear's imprisonment- in a fortress. to the Russ (atates the St. Petersburg correspondent ol the "Times," telegraphing on August 05 last) Count Tolstoy s health has been severely shaken . by the ksupimary , arrest and exile of lus :sceicUrj, i . Guseff. Count Tolstoy iu 'a long let ter to the Press accuses the Govern ment of persecuting linn by spiking at. his friends; He declares that the charge of disseminating revoUitionary literature preferred against M. Guse.v relates tp his (Tolsty sy works,,, and asks why tho Government 10 iirosecute the author.) -V foraud order for a cheque bonk was lately received at: the Burlington G-acdpns branch of Ibe Bunk of Eng land,, and later on n forged cheque for £1500 was jmsentixl and easbKl. 'Hubsequent inquiries led to two arrests. The Hon. Archibald Goraon. son ot tlie Earl of Aberdeen, who mas se- ! riously injured several days ago in a motor car accident near Winchester, j 1ms suffered a relapse, and is slowly j sinking from heart failure.- I T-ivW commission 011 imniigration ap pointed ' somo time ago in the United ' States h-as ' issued a most extraordi- ' nary ! report about the conditions of steereige passengers on the -trans atlivn- tic liners, which rejiort is said to be based on information furnished by its secret agents, who have; voyaged 011 these liners. The lhport asserts that, the steerage sleeping quarters are fil thy, and that tin: male stewards, , .the crew, and male steerage passengers on | many of the steamships crowd into the women's compartments, and that -their lap-gunge and manners are ro- i vol ling a-n-rl insulting. The Canard : j line and the White Star line iiidi'g- itantlv. deny these statements.- as 'also do other companies. I Mr. Lonsdale, who has conveyed to Ooix'nha-.ron Dr. Cook's Arctic orris. | which .will lie investigated In- the Dan ish Royal Geographical Soovt.y. de-. ; n:©S Catdain I oose's staietneni. t-hat he and an' insurance,, agenl - prepared for tlv> explorer u full srl of fabricat- <>-l naufie.-J and astroiioniie-il observa tions pnroort-ng to lui'-e lv»vn taken 011 i'oiirney to th<> North Pole. Dr. Coo':. Mr. Lonsdale d<— hires, -pereh- allowed Loose to rend his records and he did not "<.-0 nnv of Loose's obser vations. The evoloivr lia-l to dis charge Loose in eonseo.tteace of lite lat- (»!' s drtmkenness. Th" Duke of Norfolk '"t'o'is-'rvativc). speak iim -at Tnunlon i-!5 'miles south west of Bristol) profesltfd against ' the" action of the Radical newspapers in : continually harping upon the immense Wealth of the Peers. " TUiev dredit me, he said, "with a colossal incoma wlych exists only in the writers' im agination. . The Lords are accused of j constantly rejecting Bills, but during' tlie last four sessions 500 measures ! have become law, and many of these have been vastly improved by .tne I Lords' amendments." Mr. J. A. Pease, . Parliamentary Sec retary of the Treasury, recently stat ed that the eo-partndrship in the ship building business of Furness, Withy j and Co. yielded the employee share holders a profit of 9 per cent., and the ordinary shareholders a profit of ; per cent, per annum The Conserva tives in his constituency, Saffron . Maiden, have summoned him either to ; moned him either to substantiate or ' substantiate or withdraw this state- ' raont. j . At. Gibraltar four seamen ph H.M.S. i.evin than were senteiieed to two years' imprisonment for acts of mu- t 'py. ' j The installasion of instruments for . conducting wireless telepluoning, by the I De. Forrest system, between the Eiffel j Tower (at Paris) and New York is prove edin-r. Kir Thomas Shaughnessy, president of the Canadian Pacific Railway Com pany, has arrived- in England for the purjiose of extending the Dominion's emigration scheme. His company, he stetes. proposes- to encourage the, set- : tlcment of its lands by building hous- i e,s. fencing the allotments, and break- ! nig the soil "ready fbrr cropping, thus . enabling an immigrant with a capital 01 £100 to start farming. '. Iv. Arnst, the champion .scullcir of /-lie world, asks for. £250 as expenses and a side-wager of £500, besides the .'.'1000 offered as prize money for a match with E:, Barry, the champion I of En-rJand, oij the Zambesi' River. 1 NuA-alls, Sulliyan, and Blaokstaff, i tluee well-known men in connection writh rowing, have ' decided that the side- wager is unreasonable, but offer £300 as exjienses. MV. Jvcnnerley Ru'mford has apolo gised to the, " Times " musical critic for having boxed the lat'ter's ears in onsequencu of an unfavorable critic ism of the singing of Madame Clara Butt (Mr. Rumford's wife). The summons issued against Mr. Runiiord us an outcome of the assault has iiow Iran withdrawn. H alley's comet is exhibiting notable ; fluctuations in brightness. It was of i the tenth magnitude in November, and a fortnight later it was of the twelfth r magnitude. ' .-Sir Ernest Gassel lias, it- is stated, "gone, to Berlin for the purpose of. dis cussing German nronoals fo- British eo-orerefior in tha eons(rnet:on .of the Bfighdnr! -a'lwav. Grant Britain and Germany linve co-.chiA.r ... convention for. the mutual iir.-,t'<y.t,r)11 Gf trade-mnr'-s iji Koran. Mr. JQhn Mackrell, formerly u solici- tor in the service of the New Zealand Government, ana . afterwards in that ot the New South Wales Government, died on Monday. He suggcsied to the late Sir Julius Yogel, (at onb time i P enuor of New Zegland) the system I ot issuing colonial loans in the form ! of. mscribed stock. The death. is also announced of Mr. Geor mi.. deceased had been in the habit of ! spending npon art objects and collec-' tions of chraa the £30,000 he derived annually from, his Australian suFar es- tatos and sheep farms, and in that re- T J1® ' WaS re2ard«l; as a rival Qf teernout, Morgan. : It is Ijclieved that he has left his collections to the! nation. , At. a meeting of the London General i Omnibus Company; the chairman in- ! formed tlie shareholders that during ' the (last, year the motor vehicles had j earned a profit of £59,000. while the' itirse % chicles had made a. loss of | -Ma. 000. me duty on petrol, he de- j . XVas costing the companv -£.->..000 a year. , ' ..Rii'it. of Germany, and Clarke. of! .Australia..;. won. the six days teams' ! 3i raca aL.New York, cbverihg 2660 niles. Hehir, another Australian i covered 2659 miles. ' ' j . A great portion of VaWiria.-'enpithl 1 a 8«»thern province of Chili. has n destroyed by fire. The damage caused by the conflagration ha-s been -estimated nt £500.000. : ' ' 'I he . Bengali leaders ; have issued ' a manifesto declaring that tlie Viceroy's Loiinci? s new regulations for the .spe cial electorates will create class dis, ti ne i.-i 011s. in India, and nullify the jn. luenee ot the educated portiiin of the community. The German War , Office has' adopted' a wnuifci i)rojcctilo combiuin" tjitf 'u-'iunis ; vbf; shraimel and common, < W neces?i.ta)in he use one iajd of two kinds of ammunition. ; - Fourteen -.men engaged in bridrm h'l.-.-rlm . . H- . r , A.,a werc- drowned t.i ouglt the chains supporting an air- bell snapping. I In- London County Council Esti- niatr-s provide for 7.702,506 free meals i lor school children during 1909-10 com pared with 3,546,771 meals during > "V 1y'.';'u'" A total of 47,196 will be led duily at a cost of £62,265 for tho year, tin, parents cbntribiitin.r about 1 too tow ards the expense. - | Tlv> Edinburgh " Scotsman " slates ! !.ilt 'tian Nationalist's avo mtti-rly opposing the prolongation ' <jf the , hue/. CanaL concession," but- the Khedive is unlikely to . withhold his assent, as Egypt is In pressing need of t.iuds owing to the heavy cost of the .Soudan administration. ' Jf the con- crssion be granted the Canal Company will, the Scotsman " declares. he forced to increase its shipping dues 111 consequence of the necessity for large improvements 111 the canal. Mr. Justice Cannon, of Quebec, who has been investigating the civil af fairs of Montreal ."the largest city in Canada, declares that the place is simply sHmrated writh corruption, and soaked in patronage. Twenty-five per rant. ,,f (he civic rcveiiiie is. he states. : sunk in bribes. He recommends the prosecution of eight aldermen and sev eral officials. 1 ; 