PERSONAL. It was reported some time ago that their Excellencies the Governor-General and Lady Dudley would pay Tasmania a visit of some duration next summer, and even the house which they were assumed to have taken for the purpose was mentioned. He is now stated officially that the report was without foundation. Their Excellencies propose to take a sea voyage during the latter part of December, and the whole of January. Then will follow the visit of Lord Kitchener, who will be the guest of their Excellencies during part of his stay in Australia in March. His Excellency's subsequent engagements will preclude his coming to Tasmania. Dr. Arthur, M.L.A., the leader of the immigration movement, who returned to Sydney a few weeks ago from a trip to England, was entertained at a. welcome conversazione in the Mosman Town-hall on Monday night by the ladies of Mosman. There was a good attendance. Dr. i Arthur received a hearty welcome home, and replied with expressions of appreciation of his cordial reception since returning. Intimation has been received by cable in Melbourne from Brussels of the death in the Congo, as the result of a shooting accident, of Mr. John Theodore Deravin, second son of Mr. J. T. Deravin. the well known mining investor, of Bendigo. The "Jewish World" recently announced that the real name of Dr. Cook, of North Pole fame, is Koch, and he is stated to be a member of a well-known Jewish family of Frankfurt. Jews have been Arctic explorers before Dr. Cools, and in 1871 Julius von Payer discovered Franz Josef Land. One of the best known of Jewish explorers was Emin Pasha (Dr. Schnitzlor), whom Stanley rescued from Darkest Africa. Dr. Cook has a charm which makes him well remembered by those who have met him. A Danish lady who was long resident in Greenland states that while there she met many explorers, but none impressed her so favourably as Dr. Cook. The first time she met him was in 1901. The explorer could not speak the Greenland tongue, but he acquired it quickly, and then began to learn the somewhat difficult work of snow hut-building, which he soon mastered. He possessed the knack of adapt- ing himself in a wonderful degree to Esquimaux conditions of life, and for this reason he got on extremely well with the natives. Mrs. W. S. Shelton, a very old resident of Campbell Town, died yesterday afternoon, after a short illness. The deceased was in her sixty-ninth year. She was a native of Worcester, England, and came to the colonies in 1859. 