AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE IN ENGLAND. london notes. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) butter. LONDON, August G.— Tho market Is still al-( most baro of supplies of colonial buttdr, the only arrivals during the past fortnight being 9G0 boxes of Queensland, which came In ther Rlpplngham Grange. It is, pernapn, judl well that there is no colonial coming along Just now. for supplies of Home-grown are plentiful, and Siberian butters are also arriving In good quantities. Much of the latter, however, is of unsatisfactory' quality, owing to great heat in Siberia at the time of Its manufacture. Some consignees aro said to bo storing Siberian, but the' quantity so dealt with Is unimportant, and. tho noa'ror tho approach of the opening of the colonial season the moro apparent does It be come that thero will be no sto'eks in cold storo to intcrfcro with the first arrivals of Australian butter, i Tho trade Is very anxious to get in formation about tho quantities likely to bo shipped from Australia this season, buf so far wo havo no reliable nows, though tho "Standard of Empire" informs us this week In a telegram from Melbourne, apparently printed In all se riousness, under the heading "Large Butler Ex port," that "during July tho exports to Lon don alone wore just under 60001b." Meanwhile, though trado In, all descriptions is dull, prices remain to all intents and purposes unchanged. Supplies, though plentiful, are not excesslvo, and holders have not been compelled to lower their prices. They may have to do so before long, hut tho reduction is not likely to be a great one, and most pooplo in the trado. aro decidedly optimistic In their view of tho position. The following aro tho present quo tations: — Danish: Finest, 112/ to 114/ per cwL. . Victorian and New South Wales: Choicest salted, 102/ to 104/ per cwt. ; choice suited, 04/ to 98/ ; choicest un- salted, 104/ to 106/, nominal. Queensland: Choicest, 102/ per cwt, nominal. New Zealand; Choicest, 108/ per cwt., nominal. Siberian: Choicest, 08/ to 100/ per cwt.; choice, 90/ to 01/. frozen rabbits and , hares. 'The rabbit season la supposed to start with the first week of August, but so far there is no activity noticeable, and tho trade is still life less. Importors are asking 13s to 13s Sd for large Sydneys, August-September arrivals, ex ship, but buyers aro not operating at all freely. It is estimated that there are., now quite 100,000 crates of Australian- rabbits near at .hand, with heavy shipments following closely, so prices are hardly likely to Improve, and It. will' want a very brisk demand to clear, these arrivals, to say nothing about tho large quantity of old rab bits which aro believed to be stored in various parts of the country. ; , Speaking of tho difference between Now South Wales and Victorian rabbits, tho "Fish Trades Gazotte" says:— So (or Sydney rabbits have sold moro freely than Victorian, and in current quotations fully 1/ to 1/0 per crate difference is marked. That this difference is not a fictitious quantity muy be readily proved by a coin- tmrJa'on of tho productions of the two colonics. t The rabbits coming from Sydney, are larger and fatter; there rnt a pin to choose between them in the handling, and the grading and packing arc exactly alike. Tho same journal goes on to 6ay . — Wo are told that a large percentage of the early- shipped rabbits hare been in store for somo considerable time. Had the high priced of < March . nnd April - con tinual, they would have bticn shipped forthwith, but on tho fall London buying, orders stopped, and the goods were kept in store, t .We have often remarked on .the necessity of date-marking of eases, -but : (or some reason, which we decline to discuss, this never , found favor on the other side, so our ttnly\ advico can ;be caveat, emptor (let the buyer beware),' although wo. do not see how he can act up. to that maxim unless he insists on the par tial thawing , and examination .of some .of the caaes— long-stored rabbits will ' be yellow in: tlip. fat, newly- killed ones white. ... Thero is a strong inquiry for- hares, but no supplies are available, and" thero is no news o£ any coming along, 1 . . FROZEN-MEAT. Tho frozen-meat trade-is still under a cloud, and as yet there aro no signs.of a -silver lining. Stocks of mutton aro so heavy that oven though there has been a-slightly better: demand prices are still on tho down grade. ,Tho lamb trado is oven worso, for supplies are .enormous, and, as tho season' for lamb is, practicaly over, the demand is getting smaller nnd- smaller- overy oay. Australian mutton, is not in itself in excessive supply, but.Plate mutton is. so plenti ful that Australian has no chance of improv ing, and tho presont quotations aro 2d for heavy and. 2 'Ad to 2%d for. light carcases. Aus tralian lambs, too, are absolutely overwhelmed by the hugo stocks of New. Zealand, and they are further handicapped by many of them being somewhat off color. Fortunately, thero are not. many Australians on the market now, as the prices aro wretched, tho vory best bolng worth only 3d per lb., while tho inferiors can be had for 2)&d;, . Tho parlous condition of tho frozon-meat trado has brought back to the (ray one of the pioneers of the industry— Mr. Daniel Tallcrmnn — with a schcmo for the permanent .Improve ment of prices both for beef and mutton. His scheme — which is no new one, as ho first pro pounded it fully. 10 years, ago — Is simple. It consists of cutting away tho coarser parts of | the carcases of boet or mutton and soiling tho prlmo joints separately. From tho coarser parts Mr. Tallcrman would make extract, es sences, otc., and tho joints ho would send out in crates to butchers and grocers. He lays particular stress on tho trado with grocers. At present grocers cannot ha'ndlo meat oconomlcal- ly, but jf they wore to receive daily so many legs, shoulders, sirloins, and so' on, they could handle them In the same way as they already do hams and poultry. Mr. Tallcrman is a sanguine old gentleman, and he has great confidence- in his scheme,- which, ho says, will secure an Im proved price of at least 3s upon each sheep, and 30s upon each carcase of beef. But It must he said that thero does not seem, to be any likelihood of the trade being permanently Im proved by the adoption of his plan. Such handling of meat' might advantageously be em ployed for small quantities, but it Is difficult to see how, in the faco of the present huge stocks, Mr. Tallerman's plan can raise prices when tho united efforts of all the shining lights of Smlthfield have failed to do so. advertising new south wales. Tho Agent-General's department is continu ing the policy of displaying exhibits of the State's , produce at agricultural shows in coun try districts. This week the Government's exhibit, has been, at Bristol, where it attracted considerable attention, and from there it goes on to another agricultural show nt Penrith. These exhibitions are part of the State's im migration propaganda/ and are meant more to let the country people see whnt can be grown in New South Wales than to show commercial ''lines" in which the State producers can do business. But at the same time they attract tradesmen as well as would-be settlors,, and bring 'forcibly beforo the-- public the fact that New South Wales is a great food-producer. wheat and breadstuffs. Tho markets are very dull, and prices are easier all round. Wherever the new. crops have beon reaped, farmers are forcing sales, In order to take advantago of the high values now prevailing, and it is expected that this pressure of sales will cause a- general reduction. As it is, prices for September-October delivery have given way about 2s to 3s during tho past fort night, and a, further loworlng of values is not Improbable. Cargoes havo been quite neglect ed, and only one sale has taken place lately— a South Australian cargo, arrived per Australia, 98G0 quarters, at about 44s ;6d. This sale was made on July 2S.' Thero are, however, few Australian cargoes' offering. A South 'Aus tralian, off coast, could be had for 44s 6d, and ' Australian afloat are quoted about 43s 6d to 44s. A New Zealand steamer' cargo afloat is offered at 43s 3d. As to the future of tho market, "Bcerbohm" writes:— We do not .think it likely that the nutumn supplies will be oppressively large, but they will, doubtless, bo large enough to warrant a more moderate price than tho present unusually high spot values. Speaking of the new season's price, level as a- whole, . however, wo are net disposed to believe or to admit . that supplies will be large enough to warrant any serious falling off from the high level reached, in the past season. It may be pretty well taken for granted. now that the world's rraorvo stocks will bear no further .drawing upon, so that the coming crop lias to meet all requirements; that is to say, the world's production of 1900-10 will have to reach a total of about 425,000,000 quarters if the world's requirements arc to be met with- case. There arc no indications of the total much exceeding 400,000,000 quarters, which would mean thnt for three years in ruccesoion the world has produced less wheat .than its normal requirements, the average for these three- years- being 397,500,000 quarters, whereas in the three previous years the average was 413,000,000 quarters. It must be remembered that the world's consumption increases year-, ly by probe ulr about .4,000,000 quarters, so that unless there is a continual increase in the amount produced the demand soon overlaps Bnpply, as has been the case daring the past two years, and as seems likely to occur for still another season, although this .will not be realised until another Argentiaa and another Indian crop has been reaped. In the meantime there can be no doubt about the paucity of old wheat stocks. This is shown by the fact that, in spite of tho most attractive prices known for a good many' - years, the world's visible - supply is the smallest on record, even smaller than during the Lciter period, and amounting to only about one-third of the total held in years of abundance. TALLOW. Tho tallow market has been quite a holiday end during tho past fortnight, the week beforo and after tho August bank holiday being al ways very quiet. Sales were held last week, when 1180 casks wore put up, but the demand was mostly of a retail character, and only about 400 were sold, at and aftor the sales, at about previous rates. The tallow sold consisted most ly of tho lower sorts, there being little In quiry for:- the better lots. This week there have been no Balos, and business is practically at a standstill. Present figures on tho spot are: — Australasian mutton: Fine 33/ to 34/, fair to good 31/6 to 32/6, common to middling 30/6 to 31/, low and in ferior 28/ to 30 J, : Australasian beef: Fine 32/ to 38/, fair to good 31/ to 31/8, common to middling 20/ to 30/0, low and Inferior 27/8 to 29/6. Australasian mixed: Fair to good 30/6 to 31/6, common to middling 28/ to 30/. On c.i.f. torins, quotations are: — Mutton, 31/0 to 32/6; beef, 30/9 to 33/; mixed, 29/6 to 81/. Messrs. Colehesters and Woolner's monthly statistics are as follow: — . 1 — | I960. | 1008. | 1907. ' Stocks of tallow of all- kinds in| Pkga, Pkgs. | Pkgs. warehouse - in London, July 81 10,961 12,032 16,565 Landed in July 8,069 5,502 10,762 Arrived ditto «.» 19,120 13,405 13,563 Landed sinco January 1 48,730 4S.663 43,621 Arrived ditto ' 195.320 103,448 91,713 "Delivered in July ; 7,476 8,122 0,403 Ditto since January 1 .......... 49,440 47,410 38,5So Shinned from Australia and New| Tons. | Tons. Tons. Zealand in" July- I — I 3.76 3,700 Price Australasian mutton July \ gl I 33/ 34/ 37/ Ditto beef, ditto -I 3 -I I «/ 85/ \- 4009 tons gross. 