'^^^uc^Q^^#/i The German Emperor sent Baron Von Schdrlemer Loser to Rome with an auto graph letter to the Pope, congratulating his Holiness on his. golden jubilee. A pleasant incident of the Boston diocesan center' ary was the presentation of a fine yuton'obile to Archbishop O'Connell as an ex pressior. of esteem from the Catholic laynu:. of tht! Archdiocese. Emueror . Francis Joseph of Austria sent to Pope Pius X., on the occasion of his sacerdotal jubilee, a grand recboral gold cross, adorned with sixty brilliants set in open work and fifty rubies. Speaking at Wrexham recently, Mr. John Redmond, iVt.P.', said that as Welshmen help ed the Irish to disestablish the Irish Church the Irish would, when the day came, help the Welsh to disestablish the Church in Wales. According to the Catholic census of the city of New Orleans ..(U.S.A.)., which Arch bishop Glennon, of St. Louis, has been com piling for se\;$ral .months; and which has just been made public, it has 181,549. Catho lic communicants out of a total population of about 350. 0C0. Raphael's last great work, 'The Transfi guration,' was transferred lately from the A aticav Pinacotheca where it was placed by Pius VTJ. after it was returned from the Louvre in 1815, to the magnificent new suite of halls devoted by. the present Pope to the purposes of a picture gallery. The golden' jubilee of St. dolman's Col lege, Fcrnioy^ Ireland, was celebrated re cently. One of ifiS illustrious presidents was the late M^st Rev. Dr. Croke (Archbishop of C'ashel). The. Vererable Archdeacon Hutch P.P., who was connected with St. Colman's as student, professor, and president, preach ed an eloquent sermon at the jubilee Mass.' The Jesuit Fathers in Brazil have perfected an invention of their own for the destruction of ants, which are especially destructive to crops in that country. . Following their suc cess, the Jesuit' Fathers of New Orleans authorised Father Beiver to purchase one of these instruments for the annihilation of the ant pest3 that has become a menace to the cotton and sugar crops of Louisiana (U.S.A.). The University of Notre Dame — the largest Catholic educational institution in the Unite 1 States — has announced by its presi dent, the Very Rev. Dr. John Cavanaugh, the founding of a Chair of Irish History. By this step, which means the expenditure of £i0,000, Notre Dame is so far distinguish ed from all other universities, as it is the only one with a regularly-founded Chair of Irish History. Archbishop Quigley, of Chicago, in a letter of welcome to the' Catholic Missionary Con gress, which was opened in Chicago on No vember 15. wrote:— 'The Holy Father has taken the. Church in America from its posi tion of dependency and given it its full ca nonical rights ^ In doing this, he recognised the fact that it is fully able to take care of its own interests, and to aid in the work of the Church at lar^e.' Mother . Filiatriault, Mother- General of Grev nuns in Canada, has (reached Winnipeg on her way to the Mackenzie River district for the purpose of inspecting the missions in the far North. Although she is sixty-nine years old, she is setting out on a journey involv ing a trip of 2000 miles beyond Edmonton, through - a country . where dog-trains and ? canoes are the sole 'rileans of transportation. She will be accompanied by several Grey nuns. The Pope, it is understood, will himself inaugurate the new great organ of St. Peter's. ? This organ is stated to be the largest 'in' the world, and has been erected by international- subscription. Of course the Pope does not propose to play in the pre sence of a ; congregation, although he is an able performer on the organ ; but he will test the new instrument's powers before a select assembly of Cardinals. The maestro. P°rosi will bo the' performer at the public inaugura tion. ?'.. ' The curfew bell is ringing in Chicago. Rev. Denis, 'Haycsj pastor of St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church, does the ringi g. Thn curfew was inaugurated only recently, and already beneficent effects are observed. .The 500 children who';.attend the parochial school have shown .'greater interest in their lessons, and Father Hay esf who rings the -bell, gives all the credit,, to/ it-1 ? 'I am. going to keep on ringing tlie bell.; 'every night at ''8.45 o'clock,' he announced .from the altar, 'and I want parents to assist me in making the children, of t^is parish keep off' the street; at nights.' Lo^-; toil cr clev\in \crsoi:s are stated to have been miraculously cured at Lourdes during the recent pilgrimage. The most re ir.arkable is Mdlle. Elveque, a schoolmistress cf IS (gent de Retron.. who states she had luidei gone seven operations for a diseased forehead bone., which refused to heal. She went to Lourdes and took two baths, and sub sequently, as the Basilica bells rang out for Jubilee. Mass.. all her sufferings ceased, and the wound in her forehead immediately heal ed. An evidence of the goodness of heart and democratic disposition of Archbishop Moel ler, of Cincinnati (U.S.A.) was given lately. After an impressive ceremony of class Con firmation was over., he learned that Mary Logsden, who belonged to the class, had been injured, and so was unable to be at the ceremony. Notwithstanding that a banquet lied been arranged in honour of the Archbi shop, he drove five miles into the country to the humble home, and there confirmed the little jjirl. Following the recent ceremony of the pro fession of a Passionist novice — the first of its kind in Ireland— three aspirants were, at the Church of Mount Argus, Cork, received late ly- The ceremony was conducted by the Very Rev. Father Mark (Master of Novices), and a sermon appropriate to the occasion was preached by the Rev. Father Stephen. Fol lowing a procossion- round the church of the students and priests, with the three aspi rants — one of whom is already a priest — the Rev. Father ..t'Donnell — the blessing of the habit, ? girdle, and mantle took place. A silver jubilee especially worthy of favour able notice was that of the Irish Immigrant Girls' Home., or more properly the Mission oi Our Lady of the Rosary, in Ned York, re cently celebrated. Since it was established in October. 1883. there arrived in New York 707.471 Irish immigrants, of whom 336 618 were males and S70..823 females. The ships that carried them over made about 5600 landings, every one of which was attended by representatives of the Mission. Fully 100,000 friendless girls received the hospitality of the Home, and positions were secured for 12 000— all free of cljarze. At a meeting o*f Protestant clergy and lay men at Sion College,- Victoria Embankment, London, at which a resolution ..was adopted deciding that a Church Council be appointed for the consideration of questions connected with healing by spiritual means, the Dean of Westminster, w:ho supported the resolution, said he was a believer in healing by Divine intervention, and he believed in the miracles worked at the shrine of St. Thomas a'Becket ; but ho doubted, if he threw the shrine open now, that similar results would follow. It was necessary to have some test of the na ture of the cases dealt with., as had been adopted by the Catholics at Lourdes. Several members of one or other of the three Franciscan Orders, are says the 'Frarciscaxi Annuals;' among those now on the cause list for beatification. The Sacred Congiegation of Rites recently approved the Apostolic 'report on the sanctity and miracles of the Venerable Francis of Campo Rosso, a lay brother of the Capuchin Reform. On the report of Cardinal Vincent Vannutelli, the cause has been introduced of the beati fication of the Venerable Louis Edward Cestau founder of the Congregation of the Servants of Mary, and a member of the Third Order. Another interesting Tertiary Avhose cause has been introduced is Dom Bosco, founder of the Salesians. Tho number of converts to the Catholic Church in the United Kingdom is. engaging the attention of our brethren in Europe (says the 'Messenger,' of New York). Care ful and repeated inquiry about the number of converts to the Church in this country has convinced us that three or four times 25,000 are received every year. A . province of one religious Order in which about one hundred :inen have' been engaged ia the. sa crbd ministry has averaged 1000 converts f wi- the last twenty-five years. At this rate t'very 1000 priests would receive aLout 10,0u0 converts, and the whole number of priests actually engaged in the ministry would receive ^at least 100,000 yearly. Dr. Maurice Francis Egan, the well-known Catholic author, on his arrival at Copen hagen as American Minister to Denmark, foundj besides the diplomats from Catholic countries, quite a colony of Danish Catholics amongst them her Royal Highness the Prin cess Valdemar of Denmark, born Marie, daughter of the Due de Chartres, and wife o. the present King's brother; and her only child, the Catholic Princess \ Margaret; Count Von Moltke-Huitfelt, son of the late Punish Minister at Paris, who is married to Miss Bonaparte, of Baltimore, is a promi nent Danish Catholic. Another convert is the lady who is so well-known as 'the Ma dame de Stael of Denmark.' Yet another' convert is the Countess Ahlfeldt-Lauriger, relative of the late Minister of the Interior. Her mother, the Baroness Rosenvern-Lhen, followed her into the Church, as did her two cisten, one of whom is married to Baron Wedell Jarlsberg, Swedish Chamberlain at the Vatican. With a parade, a ; demonstration and a eerenionie.l which surpassed in size and mag nificence., any like event in the history of the Catholic Church in the West, the .corner stone of the new £400.000 St. Louis Cathe dral, at Lindell-boulevard and New stead avenue, was laid October 18- A vast multi tude viewed the parade. Pubably 200. GOO persons were concregated along the line of march. In the parade were 40,000 Catholic marchers. The demonstration easily eclipsed any outpointing cf Cajtholics in the history of the city. The only one' approaching it was +he jubilee procession of the late Archbishop Kenrick, November 30, 1891. The parade was th° largest and most imposing since the military nao-eant at the dedication of the World's Fair, April 30, 1903. Seven Arch bishops* thirteen Bishops, and 500 clergy men, scholastics, and seminarians took parfc in the cornerstone ceremonies and reviewed the parade from a stand on the Cathedral site. The parade was not more than half over when Archbishop Diomede Falconio, Papal Delegate to the United States, began the ceremony of laying the cornerstone. When the last marchers had passed the crowd surged around a temporary platform from which, as darkness came on, Archbishop Glennon, of St. Louis, read a message of congratulation from President Roosevelt, and delivered a discourse. A massive elec trical cross on a scaffold threw its light over the thousands of listeners. 