THE FARMER AND HIS WORK. (H'liSTlONS COXCIiRXJXCi FARM ACHllTLTI'UAL EIJICATIOX. (IIY A. -MAUT1X, W.VIWlt'K,) As 11 people there is nothing in which (In* Hrlt isii rate takes a grea U'r pride than their educational sys li-iii. H is our I>oust thai I'Vrry lioy 11 ml girl litis thi' clmnoc to get n school training : and «c feel that it it- ii prime national duty to furnish tiiis I mining li'ii'. because only thereby mil ih' secure til.- jiroji. j typo of citizenship in the uverago Australian. Our state schools and our colleges liavi' done their work well, und there is no class of our ii I i/i'tis deserving of hi-artii'i' praise (han tin' iiK'ii mid women who H-acli tliiiii. Nevertheless, for ut least a fener ation we have lu«>u u waking to tile knowledge that there must IK- addi tional iducation beyond thai provi did in the public school as it. is managed to^dny. Our school system has hitherto Iiol'H well nigh wholly lacking oil the side of industrial training-of the tmining which fits a mun for the shop and the (mm. Tliitt is a most serious omission, for no one can look at tlio peoples of "mankind as. they stand at present without realising tliarl industrial training is one of tho most potent factors in nationul development. The people of Australia must de velop a system under which ouch in dividual citizen shall be trained so as to be effective. indivitluull.v *is nil economic unit and fit to be oi-ganis ed with his fellow?, so thai iie and they can work in elHcienl fashion to gether. This question is vilui lo our future progress, nffcl public attention should he focUsseiT upuu it. It is eminently in accord with the princi ples ot our democratic life that we should furnish the highest average industrial training for the ordinury skilled work man. Ilut it is a curious thing that in industrial training we have tended to ileviit1.' our energies to prnduiing high-grade men at tliu lop ratte' than in the ranks. Our universities, for instance, com pare very favorably with most in other countries, whereas we have done almost nothing to equip {lie individuals of the industrial aruiy the mechanic und the artisan. Too often our schools train away from the whop, the factory, and the farm. There should be some systematic me thod provided for training young men in the trades, and then this must be coordinated with the public school system. No industrial school can turn out a finished journeyman, but it can furnish the material out of which a finished journeyman can be made, just as an engineering school furnishes the training M'hich enables its graduates speedily to be come engineers, or just us an agri cultural college can furnish the training to enable its ex-students to become up-loidute and efllcient. far mers. Wo hear a great deal of the need of protecting our workingmen from competition with pauper labor, but there is little to fear from the com petition of pauper labor. The na tions with pauper labor are not the formidable industrial competitors of this country. IVhat the Australian working man has to fear is the eouv petilion of a highly skilled woilcitiff moil of Hie countries of tho groatojrt industrial elliciency. lly the tariff and by. our immigration laws wo pan always prolyl -ourselves against the competition of pauper labor here ut home, liut wlum we contend for the .markets of tfii! world we can get no protection, and wis shall then liml out that our most formidable com petitors are the nations in which there is the most highly developed business ability, tho most highly developed industrial skill ; and theso are Ule qualities which vV must our selves develop. There is no doubt that wo have tended lo regard education as a mat ter of the head only, and the result is that a great .many ot our |>eople, themselves the sons of men who worked with their hands, soem lo think that tUcy rise in tho world if tliey got into a position where they do no hard manual work whatever ; where their hands' will grow soft, and their working clothes Will be kept clcan. Such a conception is both falsb and mischievous. There, aiv, of course, kinds of labor where tihe work must Ik* purely mental, and there ure other kinds of labor where, under existing conditions, very little demand indeed is made upon Hie mind, though it would appear that the proportion ol men engaged in 'this kind of work is diminishing. Hut in any healthy community-in uny community with the givut solid quulit>ics which alone make a really groat nation, the 'bulk of the people should do work which makes de uiatids upon both tbit.body and the mind. I Progress can not permanently con sist in the abandonment of physical labor, but in the development of physical labor so that it shall repre sent more and more the work of the trained miud in the trained body. To provide such training, to en courage in every way the production of the men whom it ulono can pro duce, is lo show that us a nution wc have a true conception of the dignity ami importance of labor. The calling of the skilled tiller of the soil and the calling ot the, skilled mechanic should alike lie recognised ns professions, just as eniphnlicnHy as the callings of lawyer, doctor, bunker, merchant, or clerk. The ar tisan and the inecliunie should be truinod jusi us Gainfully us the ac countant or the chemist. They should be trained alike ill head and ill hand. They should get over I he idea that to earn forty shillings u ; week and call it "salary.' is better tliim to earn seventy shillings o week | and call it "wages." The young man who lnis the cour agv and (lie ubilily to refuse to en- j tor the crowded field of the so-rnll'il professions and to take lo cons-lruc live or productive industry is almost | sure of nil ample reward in eani iugs. in health, and to establish a home with reasonable freedom from worry. We need Ihe training, the inunual dexterity, and industrial in telligence which can bo boel given in a good uRi'icurtiuinl or mechanical school. Tt should lie one of oilr prime objects lo pul tho mechanic, the wage-worker who works with bis hands, and who ought to work in a constantly larger degree with his head, on a higher plane of efficiency ond reward, so as to increase bis effectiveness in the economic world. To train boys mid girls ill merely literary accomplishments to the to tal exclusion of industrial, manual, and technical tends to unfit thorn for industrial work ;, and in real lite most work is industrial. 'Die problem of furnishing well tvuincd craftsmen. or rather journey men tilted in the end to become such, is not simple-fen- problems ui'e simple in Hie actual process of their solution-and much cure and forethought uiul practical common sense will b« needed, in order to work, it out in u fairly satisfactory munner. It should appeal'to all our citizens. It is good that technical colleges are springing up all over the country to promote industrial (educa tion, and that their membership in cludes men ol' all conditions who are interested in education and in indus try. It is such co-operation that of fers most hope for a satisfactory so lution of the question as to what is the best form of industrial school, as to tile moans ,l>y which it may be articulated with the public school system, and as to the way to secure for the boys trained therein the op portunity to acquire1 in Ihe indus tries the practical skill which alono can make them finished journeymen. Tiler.- is but one person whose wel fare is as vital to the welfare of the whole country as is lliat of the wage-worker who does.manual labor, arid that is the tiller of the soil-tho farmer. If there is one lesson taught by history, it is that the permanent grea'uiess of any Slate must ultima tely de|)end .more upon the character ] of its country population than upon anything else. Xo growth of cities, j 110 growth of wealth, con -make up for u loss in either the number or the character of the farming popula tion. In Australia more than in al most any other country we should realise this and should prize our country population. Almost, from the beginning Austra lia lias been u nation of farmers. Tile towns .were smull und were for tho most part mere seacoast trading ports. The chief industry of llu; country lius all along been agricul ture, aud the ordinary citizen has in | some way been connected with it. | In most groat events of our past a j peculiar dependence has had to be I placed upon the funning population, und this dependence has hitherto I been justified. Hut it cun not lie jus tided in the future if ugrieultuivi is j permitted " to sink in the scale as ; compared with other employments. We cair not afford to "lose the typi cal Australian-the farmer who owns his own farm. In nil the Australian States then* i has been a steadily increasing growth in population, but the grea test growth has taken placc in our cities, and especially in tho lai-ger cilies. This has lieun due to ccituin economic factors, such as the exten sion of railways, the development of machinery, and the openings lor in- j dustrial success alloi'dod by the largo growth of the cities. The in creased facility of communication , has resulted in the withdrawal from j rural communities of uiauy of our young men whoso migration to ther i cities has been a serious drawback to the country population. ' Tile chief otlsci'lo the various ten dencies which have told against tin- , farm has hitherto colli" in the rise or tile physical sciences uml their appli- * cation to agricultural practices ol io the rendering of country condi tions more easy ami pleasunt. Hut j these countervailing forces ave u» yet in -their infancy. As con»l>ar««) . with a few decades ago, the social ; or community life of country people in tile eastern States compares less well than it formerly did with that of th.> dwellers in citics. Many coun try communities have lost their no cial coherence, their sense of commu n ty interest . In such communities the eouj.church, for instance, has gone backward both ns a social and a religious factor. Now, we can not too slrongly in sist upon the fact tliat it is quite ns unfortunate to have any social as any economic frilling off. It would be a calamity to have our farms oc cupied by a lower typo of people than the haixi- working, self-respect ing, independent, nnd essentially manly men and womcnly women who havu hitherto constituted the most typically Australian, and on the whole the most valuable element, in our enLire nation. Ambitious native born young men and women who now tend away from the farm must bu brought back to it, and therefore they must have social as well as economic opportunities. liverj-thing should bo done to en courage tho growth in the open far ming country of such institutional nnd social movements as will meet the demund of the best types of far mers. There should be schools of art libraries, assembly halls, ond social organisations of all kinds. The country schools and tho teachers in them should bo of the very highest type, able to fit the boys and girls not merely to live in but thoroughly to enjoy nnd to make the most of tho countiy. The country church must be revived Un more modern lines, and everything should be done to mnko it easier for the farmer to lead Hie most active and effective in tellectual, political, and economic life. One factor which is doing great work for the betterment of tile fann ing industry is the progress being made of late days in agricultural science. It is true that nothing in the way of scientific work call ever take the place of business manage ment on a farm. We ought all of us to teach ourselves as much as possi ble, but we can also all of us leorn from others, nnd tho farmer can best Ictirn how to manage his farm oven better than lie now does by practice, under intelligent supervision on his own soil in such u way as to in crease his income. This is the kind of teaching which modern scientific agriculturists are ottering. Much has been accomplished by the growth of la'Uj years of what is broadly termed agricultural science. This has been developed with re markable rapidity during the last quarter of a century, and tho bene fit to agriculture lias been enormous; Much has been accomplished, but, much more can be accomplished in the future. The prime need must nl ways bo for real research, resulting in scientific conclusions of proved soundness. Both the farmer and the legislature must beware of invaria bly demanding immediate returns from investments in research efforts. It is probably one of our faults as a nation iliat we nrc too impatient to "wait a sufficient length of tiuiu to accomplis'h 't'he best results, and in ngriculture oiTective research often, although not always, involves slow and long continued effort if the re sults are to be; trustworthy. While applied science in agriculture as elsewhere must be judged largely from tho swmdpoiiit of its actual re turn in.cash, yet the vfarmers no more than anyone itlse can urtord to ignore flu* large results thut can be enjoj-ed liecause of broader know ledge. The farmer must prepai-e tor using the knowledge that, can 1m oh taincd through agricultural collegos und Slate farms by insisting upon n constantly more practical curriculum in tho schools in which his children am taught. IJp must not lose his in dependence, his initiative, his rugged soU'-suilicieucy ; and yet he must learn to work in tile lieorLiust co-op cralion with his fellow-men. As will be admitted by most of us the corner stones of our present prosperity ore, on the one hand, the production of raw material and its munufacLurc und distribution on the othor. These subjects are represent ed in our State governments by the several Depnrluieuts of Agriculture* The production of ruw material from the surface of the curtli is the sphere in which the Department of Agricul ture must prosecute its operations find research. Of all the executive departments there is no other, not even the I'ost Oflke, which should come into mora direct and benelicent contact with the daily life of the people that the Department of Agri culture, and nono whose yield of practical benelits is greater ill pro portion to the public money expend ed. But grout as their services have been in the past, our Department s of Agriculture have still larger fields of usefulness ahead. They have in .the past been dealing with growing crops. They must hereafter deal al so with living men. Hitherto agri cultural research, instruction, and agitation havu been directed almost exclusively towards the production of wealth from the soil; It is tirno to adopt in addition a. new point of view. Hereafter another great task before the newly established Federal Department of Agvicultugjp and the similar agencies of the various Suites must be to foster agriculture for its social results, or in other words, to assist in bringing about the best kind of life on the farm for the sake of producing the best bind of men. The Government must re cognise the far-reaching importance of the study and treatment of the problem of farm life alike from the sociul and economic standpoints, and the Federal and State Departments of Agriculture should co- opcrate at every point. The farm grows the raw material for the food and clothing of all our citizens, it supports a large per oen tage of thein, and a great .many children arc bom und brought up on j farms. How can the life of the farm i family be made less solitary, fuller I of opportunity, froc from drudgery, moru comfortable, and more attrac tive '? Such a result is most ear nestly desired. How can life on the farm lh> kept on the highest level, I and whero it is not already on that level, lie so improved, dignified, and j brightened as to awaken and keep j alive the loyalty of the farmer's boys and girls, of the farmer's wife, and of the farmer himself ? How j can a compelling desire to live on the farm be aroused in tho children that are born on the farm ? All these questions ' are of vital impor tance not only to the farmer, but to the whole nation, and tho Depart ment of Agriculture must do its share in answering thein. The drift towards tho city is larg ely determined by the superior social opportunities to be enjoyed there, by the greater vividness and movement of city life. Considered from the point of view of national efficiency, the problem of the farm is as much a problem of attractiveness as it is a problem of prosperity. It has ceased to be merely a problem of growing wheat nnd corn told cattle. Tho problem of production has not ceased to be fundamental, but it is no longer final ; Just as the Warning to i<ead and write are fundamental, but aro no longer .the final ends of education. Wo hope ultimately to iloublo Ihe average yield of wheat per acre-it will be a great achieve ment-but it is even more important to double the desirability, comfort, und standing of the farmer's life. We must consider, then, not merely how to produce, but also how pro duction affects the producer, lu tile, post we have given but scant atten tion to the social side of farm life. \Ve should study much more closely than has yet been done the social ori ganisalion of the country, and in quire whether its institutions are now really as useful to tho farmers as thqy should be, or whether they should not lie given a new direction and a new impulse, for no farmer's llio should lie merely within tho boundary of his farm. First in importance, of course, comes the effort to sccure the mas tery of production. Great strided to wards this end have alneudy (Men ta ken, but much remains to be done, und ihe. debt of the farming commu nity tu ihe various agencies of agri cultural improvement for so great an udvance if not to lie overstated. Hut we can not halt here. The bene fits of high social organisation in ejude such advantages us euse of communication, bettor educational facilities, increased comfort of living, and those opportunities for social und intellectual life und intercourse of special value to the young peo ple, which niv as yet chielly (o be had in centres of population. < Fanners must learn tho vital need of co-operation with one ifuother. Next to this comes co-oiserat ion with the government, and the government can best give its nid through associ ations of fanners themselves nuttier then through ihe individual farmer : for there is 110 greater agricultural problem then that of delivering to the farmer the large body of ngrieul lural knowledge which 1ms Ihvti ac cumulated of lute years. Tin? people of our farming regions must be able to combine mixing themselves as 10 the most elllcient means of protect ion their industry from the tu-guniwd inteivsts which now surround thein on every side. . A vast lipid is open for work by co-opcrullve aHsoria tions of funnel* in dealing with the relation of the furni to the distribu tion mid manufacture of raw mater ial-.;. It is only through such com bination that Australian fanners Mill develop to the full their econo mic anil social power. Combination of this kind has, in Meinmirli, for in stance. resulted in bringing the peo ple hni'k t» the land. 11ml hns enab le! the Danish peasunt to compete in extraordinary fashion, not only "t home but ill the foreign count ries. with nil rival*. Agricultural colleges, Statu furins, nnd farmers' associations have done much in Inst ruction and inspiration, they have stood for the nobility of labor aild the necessity of keeping the muscles and the brain in twin ing for induct i-y. They have develop (id technical departments of high practical value, Tiacy seek to pro vide for the people on tlio farms an equipment so broad and thorough as to fit them for the highest require ments of our citizenship, so that . they can establish and maintain country homes of the best typo and create and sustain a country civilisL ation iwnv than equal to that of the city. Tin' men they train must be able to meet the strongest busi ness competition, ut home or abroad mid they can do this only if they are trained not ulono in the various lines of husbandry but in .successful economic management. The education to Ik> obtained in our agricufturul colleges and similar institutions should create as intim ate relationship as is possible bc twocn the theory of learning and the facts of actual life. Educational es tablishment s should produce highly trained scholars, of course ; but in a country like ours it is wrong vo think that their main purpose is to producc these highly trained schol ars. It must bo remembered that lira ordinary graduate of our collogeB should bo and must be, primarily, a man and not a scholar. Education should not confine itself to book*. It must train executive power and try to crcate that right public opin ion which Is the most potent factor in the proper solution of all politi cal and social questions. Book learning is very important, but it is by no means everything, and wo shall nevor get tho right ides, of edu cation until we definitely understand that a man must be well trained in book knowledge and yet, in Iho proper sense of the word and for oil practical purposes, be utterly uned ucated ; while a man of comparati vely little book-learning may, never theless, in essentials have a good education. It is true "that agriculture in Aus tralia has reached a high level of prosperity, but we cannot afford to disregard the signs which teacb us that there are influences operating against the establishment or reten tion of our country life upon a really sound basis. Tho wasteful cul tivation of pioneer days must stop and give piece to a more economical system.' We must try to raise the averagw of farm life, end we must also try lo develop it so that. it d&all; oiler exceptional chances for the exceptional man. The relation between employer and employee are not always satisfactory on the farm any more than in the factory. Alt over the country there is a constant complaint of scarcity of farm labor, Without attempting to go into all tho features of this question it may bo well to point out lhat the tamer can never got the right kind, tho best kind, of labor if he offers em ployment only for a few months, for no man worth anything will perman ently accept a system which may leave him in idleness or carrying his swag for half the year. 