NEWS OF~ THE DAY. A fatal case of plague is reported from Brisbane, The Alstonvillo Creamery last year paid supplieors £97,000. Alluvial gold has beon found at Mount Morgans, Westr Australia. Young rabbits are to be noeen in enor mous nutbcers In the Carcoar district. T'he prctscnt tourist season -In New Zealand Is provlng-an axceptionally busy No provision h.o been made for volhn toers in the Easter military camps in this State, ,Mr, Emil Skog, for some years Danish Consul in New Zealand, has died at the age of'8 61., West Australia's export trade to coun tries outside Australia showoe a falling off last year, Coblenda woolehod, :near Brewarrlna, has-been burned down, and 150 weanorn perished In the fire. " .. It has been decided by the Queoenslanl Government that aboriginals may be em ployed in caneflelde., AtPenoln folrest reserve, South Aus tralla, 9PO per cent, of trees planted last year are growlug vigorously. Thue Mtlasior. for Defence will ou deavour to get an advanco for, E.aster camp purposes in this State.. . Mrs, Anlie Murray, rcllct of tbse late James Murray, of Rlsmoro,'. Congola, near Milton, has djed, aged 81. The Cootamundra Couneil has informed the Railway Commissione'r: that It may havo.to cut off thoe.water:supply., The RM.8, Ormus, which left Mol bourne on Tuesday. took 4081 cases, or 100% tons, of- Victorian butter for Lon don . The coal strike at Huntly (N.Z.) has ended aft.er 'an existence of four "ceks:, T'le minucrs have accepted the cumpany's terms? - , on Thb: ecrriago and bralke van of the Gun dagal train left the rails at Cootnmuenra on Tuesday morning. Very little damage was dqne. There is a very general consensus of opinion among pastoraliets that in die tritea where rabbits are plentiful foxes do little damage, to bshee,. The Queensland Government has do clded', to exempt all the State Govern mont Savlngs Basnk Inscribed stocke from transfer fees and stamp duty. SThe evidence hoefdro the Royal 'Commis sion -on. Jducation ihi Tasmanioa shows that: the department in thlat State is In o seething massa of discontent, 'Mr.'). It., Ross, Commoerciil'Agent in Australia for Canada, strongly urges a preforentlal, commercial :treaty between the Commonwealth and Canada, Amongst the recent arrivals at One hdngsa (N;Z.) were a 'family of immi grants, the children nuimbering 13, and of thos no loss than seven were given em ploynient at tho local woollen works, Dutylamp frauds in :'Victoria have ,heon dliscovorod In soveral' coneros, old stamps having beeoon used' ovor again, Al Inqucluiry lnto tho frauds bhase.- bin hold, but the. eovldence inculpated~ nobody;." The men employed in the Goldfields Cobnsolldatdd mino at Diamond Hill (Vle,) have, on the suggestion of the manager, signed an agreement to do everything In their power to suppress old stealing. Lord Dudley, addressing a camp of Light Horse in South Australia, said the men appeared to be a better type 'of sol dler than the YToomanry, but their horso, an" eqqlpment fell haort of the Engllish standard. Saundors, a dontestant in' the motor cycle trial between Leura, and Sydney, narrowly escraped being tilled by' a fall ing tree, The tree fell across tihe road just in front of him, and he dashed amongst the branches, Two sons of Mr. John Close;, of Mur rungowar (Vle,), aged ' 'yearu nold - years respcctivoly, died onu.Sunday from the'effoets of eating unripe frlit. The romaitder of the family, four girls, the oldest of1, hcm Is 13 yccrr of age, wver seriously affected by- t11eosame -cause.' A sarlous railway collision was nar rowly avortd - at Wangaratta (Vie.) on Mollday. night; jThrough tlo, brales of the Sydney' oxprmssfi.litg ?to aibt, the train dashed. throughli the statlon, and:.wae not pulled ? n1 ntll aboUt half a mile hadb bhon,-eovered. Passengersan weore grdatly frlghtened, and som;rorfused to 'continue the o~journoy; Speakting a't' Klatial Mr J. COok, M?.HR., roeferred to ,thB statm'pents made by Messrs, Batchelor -tid Mahon, approving of Mr. Watson's vlow. as to a c'entralisol Constitutiun. The statoments,I Mr.: Coolk thought; aoettpd to be an onslaught on the rights of the States, He was oppos i'd toi (tsh polloeyofoa Mlnlster who -pantod to filch the rights of IheSthtos. 1 '· - Mr, A, Oritith, itP.,; has reoplied to a request from the combined ilnlonu to vilsit Brolken Hill, to the offset that he could do better work In Sydney. for them;,' but also stating that if it becameo a case' of unionists working with non-unlonlsts he would come to Broken Hill and use his Influence on behalf of the unlonlsts, bllt not unless such a position occurred, Arthnr Blishb, aged 8, son of Mr., and Mrs. Dish, of South Hay, delod:in the Hay Hospital from teotanus. The lttto fellow was runnnlug about barefooted about a week ago, whdn a boxthorn ranl into his foot, The thorn was 'removed, alld the heboy was apparoently nrpno 'Iho worse, but iwo days later hoe? showed oymptoms of locklaw, ned was roilovod to the hospital, where he died after throe days' treatment. Delegates from thu Merrlwa 'nd Don an Railway Leangues attended a meeooting ef the local lonague at Oltnswollbrbbk to organlsoe the dcputatlon that is to walit on the tinltstcr for P'ublle Works on February 4 to advocate the conetruction of the long-promised Ilno from Mueweall brook to Merriwa. It is expented that a strong deputatilon will result, and not im Prohably the cluooion of a light railway will be mentioned. At the last meeting of the Tombora Council, the Mayor described the district schools as a diosgrauce to the doparticicnt, 't'he children wore exposed day ofter day in the blazing sin, and the nccosmoda lion at the publie school wes dangeroue to the health of the chlildini. They weore packed like hcerrlngs, and wore breathing impure air. A resolutiona was passed urging theo Mlnltor to have Improve ments egeetcd Immediltoly. When the mall left-ithe United States Poslt-oiic had In contomplation a very largo extonselon of the facilities for "shop. plng by mall"." - The "catalogue 'houses," as they are called, want the limit of woeight raised front 41b to 1lib, the latter to be carried for 25 cents, The loceal ro: tailers, naturally, are up in arms against tho proposal, but the Postmaster-Geoneral favours It, appalrently on the grou?n that it would bring in more postal rovenue from the sparsely piopulnlel districts, Tho Victorian Milnator for Mines, ac companied by the Geological Director and the orlcer in cbarge of 'Iurlng oporations, will leaveo Melbourne to-morrow for the Powlott coel baicn, he order io select a sito for the pl'ospectlng shaft at the Government coal mine, As a result of the boring which has already booen done, it is estimated that there is 20,000,000 tons of good'blackle coal In thle bain, and, it is intended to establish a Governmcent coal mine, so that the coal roquirements for railways and other purposes may be dIrWli from local resouirces. During the wek celdedl Thiursday, Janu sry 21, 7752 hexes of butter, contalneig 10971 tons were luopecled ait Ile Vic tortan Glovernenteni cool aloinr'o, Mol bourne, 01 thls, i311 ll lxcI of Hnallcd but.ter, aand 1883 boxcs of uniulteld butter were intendced for export to the United Kingdom. The actual quantity of butter exported during the seven days was 438 tons-418% tons being sentto the 'United Kingdom. G~ tons to South Africa, and 13 tons to Eastern ports.' Sinco'July 1 688.i4% tons of butter, contained In 268,782 hoxep, have beeon Ineapected at tho stores. The, exports have bheen:-United Klngdom. ii32% tons: South Africa, 411i tons: Eustern poris, 472 tons; a total of C2L'J tons, valued approximately at £78G,.840. A fatality, occurred at Bnlranald no 'rTllcday. when Doria Studdarl, aged about 1it, and Elaie Bulst, aged about Ii, W?are drowned in, ile' Motrrtmbhlieco whilsta bathing. Both bodies were rc covered, 'after being about two hours. in hoe water. Five girls were bathing on a aandbank, when Doris Studdart got into dooeep water. Hier sister, Daphne, and Elsiao tulat went to her assistance , The other girls called the eassistance of George 0\. Dryant, a lad fishing about 130. yards away round a point, and another young m?a. who was unable to swim. Bryant pluckily Jumped in sith his clothes on. this time only the hair ae one girl, Daphno Studdart, was visibleo above water. He rescued this girl with, dim. eilty, and went back and dived for the other two, but without stccess. Tho father and mother were round q, bond some distance away fishing. Although the father rushed to the spot. ho. was.too late' to effect a rescue, 