MISCELLANEOUS CABLES. AT 1IOM.K AND VMROAU. l.oxnox, Friday.-The Xew York Kiutniail Corporation has paid t'JT, 200 in linos for granting to business (nllc;-riis over tili'ir rails. Tile Scottish Amuteiir Swimming Association ban suspciid.-tl Heame pnire, (ho well-known Australian swimmer, for tailing to fulfil a fix ture with Taylor at. Edinburgh. Tli.i itritish 1111 ]nri<il N'ovol l.engue is being reorganised. I.ieul. Jieiiairt) lias ivcomniendod that its simplest formula should lie to demand that Oreat liritain shall lay down two keels to Germany's one. Tea will henceforth btr the Maple tii-ink of the Ueriuan army, supplan ting bevsr and coffee. Four companies in the Uuil«l States have amalgamated with the Maryland Consolidated Coal Co. to form a coal combine' with a capital of 37,000,000 dollars. The combine will control 2,000,000 acres, of coal fields. A premature explosion of dynamite at South Uethlchem, New York, kill ed 30 men engaged in a quarry. Tvncnty persons were executed at Constantinople on Tuesday. The steam launch lMltsfourg when crossing the Ohio ltiver yesterday, caps- toed. Twenty out of the thirty women, who were passengers on the launch were drowned. Tilo Foivsgn and Coloniul Meat Hill, which lias been read o. first tiuw in the House of Commons, pro vides tlvat nil people Belling foreign or colonial meat shall uflix a notice ,to thai effect plainly In Umj shops and on tlie vehicles used io «uppl}' goods. Sir Hoi-ace Tozer, Agont-Qnacml for Queensland, since Alto 1st of J anu ary, ha® despatched 1611 assisted im migrants lo Jiueenslund. An Italian paper states {our Italian Dreadnoughts, instead of two, will too icompleted within thveo years. Tho navel estimates have, boon increased hy iO,000,000. Tho Transvaal, Oruilgia. and Oapo Colony haw accepted the iavitaWom lo 8nid "delegates to the duly Defence Confer<?nce. In connection with tiie sensational disclosures iitgandin#? tlio Hussion secret polios SI. Oopukhin has been fount! guilty of vclongiivg t« a crim inal organisation, and has freoa sen tenced "to five years' imprisonment. This sentence will require the Czar's confirmation. It has been ascertained that 1255 sheep, condemned at SmftJtficld early in the month, were shipped by «l4io sieamer l'cshawar front Melbourne by a Sydney firm without Hie cus tomary certificate approved for ex port. , . Tho butter market is firm. Danish is quoted at 310/- to 332/-. New Zealand and Australian were olemv*! at lale rates. There is a Ijelter in quiry for stoned butter which ia clearing well. Cheese is firm, New Zealand being quoted at 04/- to 07/ 