AN APOSTLE OTT neooPATJON. DR. ARTHUR'S MISSION. j INTERESTING INTERVIEW. ■ Dr. Richard Arthur, "M.L.A.,, .of, New fouth Wales, who has been visiting Great ritain in the interests of the Australian Immigration League, returned by the Jt.M.S. Otway on Monday. - Dr. Arthur Was absent six months from Australia," and he "told a representative of The Register that he was glad to be back. *'I have not been warm since leaving the Common wealth," he remarked. "-We had a miser able summer in England, aqd. consequently I was not able to do all I intended. How ever, I was able in many wave to adver tise Australia in England. The Dondon press was very good to me, and inserted communications from me sometimes once or twice a week, in all the leading papers. I found much interest was being taken in Australia as a field for emigration, but the general opinion was that the Common Wealth could do a good deal more in this direction that she. was at present. "There was a general feeling that in no way could the.colonies help the mother country more than by helping her to dispose of some of her surplus population. I had conversa tions with many of the leading men in Lon don, and they all adopted the position that since the surplus population in the old country was in the cities, and that there was already a scarcity of agricultural labou rers in the country districts, some of the immigrants whom the colonies want, should be taken from the towns. If this were done, it wonld be a greater relief to the piother country than even a naval subsidy >r the presentation of a Dreadnought, as the unemployed problem is acute at present Lthe United Kingdom. I pointed out fc tbe difficulty in Australia was in deal ng with adults from the cities, as my ex perience had been that they were mostly unfitted for the kind of work which we were able to offer them—that is, work in the bush. My proposal, however, to sand lads of the age of 15 years and upwards from the cities to the farms in Australia, met with .a favourable reception, and a strong committee has been formed in Lon don to give effect to it. I hopfe that a first batch of 50 lads, who will be carefully Selected by tills committee, will be sent out to Australia. In all probability they will come at the expense of the central body for London, winch, has a large fund at its disposal for the purpose of paying the fares" of emigrants. As this State Seems to be prosperous—particularly in the farming districts—and as I was informed when passing through Adelaide on my way tp"1 London, tha.t there' was a considerable demand for , lads upon farms, and that it Was almost impossible to get them in Ade laide, I hope that the South Australian farmers will apply to Mr. J, 0. Genders, and inform him if they are able to give employment to lads 011 their farms. As these boys will have had no previous ex perience. they "will start with a small wage Ci about 5/ a week and their keep, this being increased gradually as they gain ex perience. If the first hatch are all suc cessfully placed and do well, they will he followed regularly- by others. There can be no opposition fj-om the labour unions to this form of immigration, and I hope the South Australian Government will see its way to support this movement, and also subsidize It. These rids could make good farm workers, and will not interfere with any of the trades or city employments. —Imperial Conference Advocated.— "Much of my time in London was spent iy. advocating the necessity for an Impe rial conference on immigration. The sub ject is one of great importance, and merits conference for' itself. I was in hopes that the matter might be brought up at the Naval Conference, but it was decided that no subject should be dealt- with except that of defence, although so far as Austra lia is Concerned; I recognise that immigra tion is one of the most important factors in the defence of the continent. Until our population is increased it is absurd for us to think of a navy 011 a scale adequate for the protection of the Commonwealth. I had arranged to address a meeting on the subject at the House of Commons, at which many prominent men, such as Lord Northcote,' Lord Brassey, the Earl of Meath, and Mr. Alfred Lyttelton .(former Secretary of'State for the Colonies) bad promised to be present. This meeting fell through owing to my illness. I had also to abandon other of my engagements, such as the lecture to the Colonial Club at Ox ford on the problems of Imperial immigra tion, and another at the Mansion House at which I was to place the scheme for the emigration of lads before a meeting con vened by the Lord Mayor of London. I was, however, enabled to read a paper on the -subject of Imperial immigration at. the Royal Colonial Institute, and this paper wgs very favourably commented upon by the British press. —"South Australia Stir Up."— "I really think," continued Dr. Arthur, "the time has arrived for the South Aus tralian Government to do something in the way of State-aided immigration. ■ With the great wave of prosperity which is passing over the State it should easily be able to absorb a considerable addition to its popu lation. These, however, should not be artisans or skilled labourers, but either adult farm workers, or (preferably) the lads fp whom I have referred before. I was Sorry I was unable to get on to the Couti nent, -as I, hadintended, becausel was hop- \ ing to'. induce some Dutch, Danish, and ( Swedish agriculturists to . come, to Aus-1 tralia. —Reduction of Passage .Fares.— "I do hope that the .Federal Government i will enter upon an energetic immigration j policy, now. To my mind the most impor tant thing is the reduction of fares to Aus tralia. As-long as it costs £17 or £18 to ; get here, Ganaaa hnd - the United States will continue to attract the bulk of the emi grants leaving the British Isles. If the fare to Australia were reduced to a uni form rate of, say, £10, immigration would i double here at once. I suggest that the South. . Australian Government should at least go in for systematic nominated pas sages, and allow any person in the State who has relatives at home to bring them out at a reduced rate, by paying tne pas sage fare in Adelaide. This is being done by four of the Australian. States, and is proving satisfactory. Queensland allows an adult male to be nominated for the sum of £10, an adult female for £2, and child ren below the age of 14 at £1 per head. In New South Wales the rate is a little higher. If this system were tried in South Australia, I am certain it would give satis faction. . —A Field in India.— \- "At Colombo on the way out I met Capt., F. W. Holden, who has consented to act as agent for the Immigration League of Australia in Ceylon, India, aud the Straits Settlements. • I understand that Cant. Holden will probably be appointed also agent for the Commonwealth Government, and as he has offices in Calcutta-, Bombay, and Colombo, he is favourably placed for advertising Australia in India. Capt. Holden js trying to induce civil' servants, military officers, and others to go and set-1 tie in Australia, and to send their children here to be educated. He also is working out a scheme with the former Minister- for Defence (Sr. Pearce) by ivbicli time-expired soldiers and reservists jn India, who are iu receipt of pensions, could come to Austra lia, and by commuting part of their pen sion, receive a sufficient capital sum to make a start on the land. Capt. Holden is also seeking to induce tourist traffic from India, ahd at his various offices, will have a large stock of Australian literature, pho tographs, and maps, aud supply full infor mation about the Commonwealth. —Trade With the East.— "Capt. Holden is likewise seeking to open up trade between. Australia and the East, and has already been successful in obtain-: ing large orders for Australian produce in Ceylon and. India. He is sanguine about the possibilities of Australian trade there, and states that there is a great opening for frozen meat, fresh and tinned fruits, jams, biscuits, ana flour. He also believes that he could dispose of large quantities of olive oil, wine, tinned butter, and tallow, and it would be well for South Australian mer chants who have such things to dispose of to communicate with him at his head office at 98 dive street, Calcutta. The only drawback to the opening up of this trade is that at present there are no ships with J-efrigerating-accommodation running direct between Australia and India. If tins could be provided, there would be a great expan sion of trade. There are four Dutch gen Slemen, two of -whom came direct from rava on board the Otway, who are seek ing to open up trade relationships betwem Java, on board the Otway who are seek told me; aiid from previous knowledge of the subject, I am convinced there is a great future for the interchange of commodities between the Netherland Indies and Austra lia. Java will take frozen meat, butter, fruit, jams, &c.;, and could send us in re turn tea, coffee, tobacco, sugar, petroleum, teak, rice, and many other tropical pro ducts. There is no doubt it would be wise for Australia to do all she can to cultivate trade relationships with these Eastern countries, and their huge populations, ana in this way render herself independent of the London market.. —Daylight Saving System.— "There is one matter I should like to mention before closing," said Dr. Arthur. "I am more than ever convinced of the desirableness of introducing the daylight saving system into operation in Australia. While in England I met Mr. Willett, the originator of the scheme, and had several chats with him on the subject. The ob ject of the scheme is to put the clocks on jn the summer time, so as to save day light at the end of the day. The proposal is gaining ground rapidly, not only in the United Kingdom, but also in America and some of the Continental countries. Aus tralia would undoubtedly be a fine place in which, to try the experiment, because we arc so isolated from other countries and have such short twilight, I am liop'ng to see the Federal Minister for Home Aflairs re the proposal when in Melbourne, as the matter would have to be a Commonwealth 