FOBEiaW NEWS. Amused at the antics of a Somali chieftain performing with Hagcnbeck'à Circus at Berlin recently, the Kaiser de- corated the man with tho Universal Badge of Honour. Herr Lattinan was loudly cheered by the Conservatives in the Reichstag when he characterised thc Kaiser's act as utterly out of place. The Kaiser has sentenced the Crown Prince of Germany to 48 hours' deten- tion in a palace at Munich for thoughtlessness in neglecting to notify the manager of a theatre ai Berlin to reserve the Boyal box for the Crown Princess on a certain evening. Wheu the Princess and her party arrived at the theatre every box was occupied, and the dignity of "the Hohenzollerns was compromised. A Japanese explorer named Zuicho has discovered io Chinese Turkestan 30 Buddhist scrolls of the second sud seventh centuries. A receiver ha» Veen appointed at Jer- sey City for the Mexican National Pack- ing Co.,' whose liabilities amount to Jßf.OOO.ÜOO. The appointment of a re- ceiver has become necessary owing to tbe temporary tying-up of many of the com- pany's resources through the recent sui pension of the United States Banking Company in Mexico City. Tho packing company will continue business. lu bonds, stocks, and debts arc mostly held in England. The . slight tension existing m thc re- lations between Bulgaria and Turkey has boon increased by the action of a Tur- kish court-martial at Salonika sentenc- ing to death eight Bulgarian teachers and merchants charged with the murder of a school' inspector named Yo van ïov «novitch. In the States-General at The Hague last week the Minister for Foreign Af- fairs, replying to Senator Van Seeker, refused to ask for a further declaration of guarantees that Great Britain and Germany would, in the caso of war. re- spect thc integrity and neutrality of the Netherlands. Her integrity was, he added, sufficiently guaranteed already. Duke Gunther of Schleswig-Holsteiu is petitioning the Belgian courts to ap- point a Judicial Family Council to ad minister the affairs of his mother-in- law (Princess Louise, eldest daughter of thc late King* Leopold). The Princess is, he alleges, ¿extravagant and weakrainded. A miner smoking a cigarette caused an explosion last week in a coal mine at Las Esperandas, in Mexico, with the result that 68 men were killed and 5Ü others were injured. The victims were mostly Japaneso and Mexicans. Thc palaeontologies! t xpedition sent I f German East Africa by tho Univerâit% of Berlin has discovered the remains of prehistoric Saurians. Jue I high-bnau found moAsuycd S2in. in length compar- ed witli 59in. for that of Hie largt&l; rre viously discoverîd. 'Hie threatened tariff war between Germany and the United States has beca averted. The cattle and dressed meat issue has been eliminated, and both countries have- mutually conceded the minimum tariff rate. Karl Mueller, a pseudo-German baron, has been arrests at Los Angeles tm California) on a charge of having com- mitted bigamy at Hoboken (near in ow York), and with ha dag absconded with certain moneys. Nineteen women have identified the accused as the man who went through thc form of marriage vti'Á them. The Kew York correspondent of the "Standard" states that whereas the Dingley Tariff sec.ired from Germany th-; minimum tariff rate for only 100 commo- dities, the Payne Tariff has secured con- fessions affecting 1,003 comrmwitics. In the Reichstag at Berlin last week the Deputies by a huge majority de- clined to rescind last Saturday's call to order which the Vice-President adminis- tered to Herr Ledebonr (a Socialist De- puty), who demanded ' that the Vice-« President should rebuke Herr von Olden- burg for claiming that the Kaiser had the right to disperse the Reichstag at the point of the bayonet. Only the Radi- cals, the Socialists, and the Pole» voted in favour of upholding the Reichstag's sovereign rights. Tlie Btrain on the relations between Turkey and Greece is relaxing owing to the latter's formal assurance that no Greek representatives from abroad shall take part in the forthcoming- Natiou.il Assembly for the revision-of the Greek Constitution. nie Reichstag has passed a Bill em- bodying the tariff agreemeut arranged between-Germany and thc United St;rte%. M. Veneeelos, the "Cretan Patriot/' recommends his fellow-countrymen to con- form to the wishes of the Protecting Powers (Great Britain, France, Russia, and Italy), to whom, he declares, they owe everything. The German steamship companies bave agreed to refrain from cutting the Afri- can freight rates pending the results of negotiations now proceeding with tho owners of English lines pf steamers. The Turkish Cabinet has adopted Bear Admiral Sir Douglas Gamble's scheme to spend ,£450.000 annually for eight years on the construction of warships, includ- ing two battleships, three cruisers, and ten destroyers. Most of thc vessels will be built in Great Britain. The Sultan has subscribed .£100,000 to the Turkish National Naval Fund. The Defence Committe of the Duma at St. Petersburg recommends the con- struction of a flotilla of airships and Hie acceleration of the Russian plans for dealing with an enemy's aerial fleet in war time. The fear of an epidemic of typhoid fever in Paris as a result of the des- truction of the sewerage mains has been [ realised. j The German Imperial 4 per cent, loan of .£17,000,000 and tho Prussian 4 psr cent, loan of £7,000.000, both issued rt [ £102, have beenkoversubscribed. Brazil has issued a 4 per cent, loan I of £10,000,000, with the minimum at £87 10s. Tne money is required partly for the redemption of loans now matur- ing and partly for the construction ot railways. Thc elections for the Biet in Finland have resulted in the Socialist and anti Eussian parties being returned with large majorities During the campaign a mani- festo issued by German professors dea> ing with Russia's supposed designs against the autonomy of Finland pro- voked much anger in Russia. Desultory fighting took place re- cently in conuection with the Nicara- guan revolution. A few days ago * he Goveinmeut troops ambushed a body > f insurgents near Liberia. Tho insur- gents, who suffered heavily, fled to thï mountains. Four G rock brigands were executed this week at Smyrna, in Asia Minor. They belonged to a band the members of which captured Tcvcral Europeans in 1908 and held them to ransom. At Danbury, in Connecticut, 241 mem- bers of the Hatmakcrs' Union have been ordered by a judge to pay £38,000 for having boycotted a firm, which refused to allow the formation of labour unions among its factory employees. The verdict in this case deli u i tel y makes trades unionists financially responsible ipr the act of their Dinners. The so-called Republican "Insurgents" in the United States Congress met nt Washington last week and resolved to support President Taft's programme with regard to railway legislation, the con- servation of natural resources, the estab- lishment of post office savings banks, and the limitation of injunctions in labour disputes. No mention was made of the ship subsidies or tho Federal incorpora- tion of business enterprises. ! President Taft's Federal Incorporation j of Trusts Bill, introduced in Congress this week, enables corporations to se I cure a Föderal charter if they like, and thus to submit themselves to the strict supervision of tho Bureau of Corpora- tions. Although the trusts are autho- rised to acquire property, they are de- barred under the Bill from acquiring the stock of other corporations. While the Alaska-Pacific liner Ken- tucky was making her way against a heavy storm off Cape Hatteras (in North Carolina} a few days ago the scams of the vessel opened. Wireless telegraphic messages for assistance were sent out, and just as the liner's decks were awash a steamer bore down on her in response to her appeals for help, and saved all of the 45 persons on board. His Holiness the Pope cancelled his arrangement to receive Mr. Charles W. Fairbanks (ex-Tice-President of the Unit- ed States) after thc latter's tour of thc Orient, because Mr. Fairbanks had pre- viously been received by King Emmanuel aud had delivered an address in a Methodist Church in Rome. At the 'instance of the Government at Stockholm the Swedish newt,papers have published Count Morner's warniug to emigrants against proceeding to Aus- tralia and New '¿calaud. The difficulty of finding employment in those count -les ie, Count Monier states, greater nw than it wa6 last year. Italy and Switzerland are fortifying their respective entrances to the Simplón tunnel by placing mines inside the exca- vation. An exhibition of aeroplane-flying was given this week at Heliopolis (in Syria), ll are m ladies in a special grandstand watched the spectacle from behind green curtains. Tue appearance of tue machines terrified many Arabs. Thc King of Sweden was tim week successfully operated upon for appendi- citis. At Phoenix, in Arizona, this weeh, a motoring party disregarded a warning that blasting operations were in progress on a private road. They drove their car alongside a dynamite charge connected with a lighted fuse, with the result that the vehicle was blown to pieces and its seven occupants were killed. The Chinese on the Pacific Coast of America have decreed a boycott against San f rancisco ov.iug to the ill-treat- ment of Orientals in the immigration station in that city. Chinese N vessels have been instructed to use the northern ports of the United States. The Danish Ministry for Foreign Af- fairs has issued, through thc newspapers, a. notice dissuading emigrants from go- ing, to Australia or New Zealand, "as the difficulties of subsistence in those countries have increased considerably.. "c . Turkey has appealed* to Great Britain j for an officer to'succeed Rear-Admiral ! Sr Douglas Gamble SP organising super- j interment-di the -Turkish navy. - - i Hie French Cabinet has approved of a new Navy Bill which provides for a battle fleet in home waters consisting or 28 battleships, IO cruisers, aud 52 des ¡ troyers. and a submarine defence fleet comprising 94 submarines and four mine I laying vessels. The Government will j shortly commence the construction of : six battleships, to be completed by 19i5. I The age of battleships for active service I has been fixed at 2o years, the age of cruisers at 20 years, "and that of des I troyers aud submarines at 17 years. I At Brcsslau, in Prussia, this week, ths Socialists made a demonstration against I the authorities in consequence of dis ( satisfaction with the new Franchise Bill 1 because it was not considered to be suf I ficiently liberal. The police, using sabres, i attacked the demonstrators audj^wouuded I many of them. j Great Britain has intimated to 'China : that she must consult Uussia and Japan I before entering into arrangements for thc construction of thc Chiuchau-Aigun railway, in Manchuria. A Bulgarian 4} per cent, loan of ; JÊ3,9G0,O30 has bren issued at £91 in London and on the Contiuent, and has I been largely oversubscribed. I Russra has granted asvlum to Bakhim I Khan, au emissary of the deposed Shah I of Persia, and has refused to extradite I him on the ground that he is a political i offender. 