AUSTBALIANJIBMIGBATM. DANISH MINISTER'S OPPOSITION COUNT MORNER'3 WARNING. SENATOR BEST'S REPLY. .". ' CONSULS INTERVIEWED. LONDON. Tuesday, The Danish Minister for Foreign Affair« lias «sued to the ne»vspapers a notice »vhich bteks to dissuade emigrants fruin goina lo Austialia or Nc»v Zealand, as it is asserted that the difficulties ' of sub- sistence there have increased considerably. A similar »»-arning had already been pub- lished in Sweden. LFrom Our Spécial Jiepresentative.] MELBOURNE, 'J''ebruaiy B .The Minister for Customs to-day refer- red to a ca'ble -menage stating that Count Monier, the Consul-General for S»»-edea in Australia, liad warned intending immi granls_ngainst proceeding to Australia or Ne»v Zealand on account of the difficul- ties in' the »»-ay of getting employment. "1 deny that such btiitements are war- ranted." said Sir Robert Best. "There ia plenty, of room for suitable men to malt» a li»-ingi in Australia as agriculturists. Our best answer is to point to our extraordi- nary prosperity. (Australia is but an in- fant n'nongst the nations, but our pastoral production last year was £50,000,000, the minerals »vere worth £28,301,000, our agri- cultural' production "was £30,500,000, and our manufactures were £101,000,000.". ; SYDNEY, February 9. The Danish COMIIUI (M. Marelter) and the S»vcdish Consul (Count Monier) said today,that neither Denmark nor S»»-edea can spare agricultural immigrants, and though '. they do send immigrants fron» other classes the .Consuls find it most dif- ficult to place -tjhem, but tile »varnings given by the Go»'ernmenla seem to hi due to tihe forwarding to tihe Swedish Mi thorities by Count Monier of a newspaper cutting of a report of an attack on th» Government immigration policy by Mr. W. A. Holman, M.L.A., at New castle lost November.. In that speech Mr. Hol- man spoke of 'the steady stream of immigration being directed to Australia "by the dissemination of deliberately lying statements." "The immigrants," said Mr. Holman, ."found themselves on arrival ' m a fool's paradise, into »vhich they had beea deluded by the deliberate lies of an un- principled Government." Count Morn«' savs he fowarded Mr.-Holman's remarks to the S»»-edish Government, with the re- quest that should be forwarded to the Svvedish Anti-Immigration Society. CJount Horner als« said that P»»vedWi immigrant» who cn'me here, being mostly nonagncia turistf, found the greatest difficulty in &" ting employment. J 