THE DOWAGER QUEEN. some personal notes; As the late King typified in the minds of Englishmen the ideal man of the world, bo Queen Alexandra is enshrined in the hearts of ; millions as tho ideal woman. Hers is the greatest sorrow to-day. He whom she has cared for for forty-seven years, the partner in her joys and previous sorrows; has passed away and left her. There is — ¥/. f.Tio widnw: nouffht.t'hat can he said will heal the wound. The Dowager Queen will have the heartfelt sympathy ol mankind, and especially of her. people, whose aspirations she has kindled and whose ideals she has expressed. But all the world: cannot atone for her personal loss. ' - " A teroantic element, seldom encountered in -royal alliances, added immensely to thp popularity of the marriage of Prince Ed: ward and the young Princess Alexandra'. The Prince was twenty years old, - good looking, with winning manners, an interest ing personality and great prospects. Tbic Princess whs a girl of eighteen, with singu larly winsome grace, great beauty, and a magical kindheartcdness", the eldest daugh- ' tor; in a royal household in which simple i>%-/joys ' tasks were given all. - It is said itbatvthefyqangcPripoe had been. shown by igSmp of the"Prin- cess when a girl of sixteen, and that he; was so fascinated that he rebelled against J negotiations then tentatively opened for an 1 alhance with the daughter of a German sovereign. Be that as it may, the Prince's journey to Germany in 1861 was taken for the purpose of seeing Princess Alexandra. The first meeting , was quite informal— pre- tendcdly casual — taking place in. the "Worms Cathedral, whose beauties the Princess and her father Prince Christian of Denmark,1 were at that time studying. They next met at the home of the Crown Princess of Prussia, at Heidelberg, and then in the palace of King. Leopold of Belgium, where the betrothal took place. It Was kept a family secret for two. months, and then announced in the. "Gazette." England gave an enthusiastic welcome to the Princess when she came to .London, three days be fore her wedding,/ and the affection then showered on her by. a nation has increased yearly with fuller evidence of her finef character and personal charm. ( As Princess of Wales Alexandra fulfilled! an important part in English life, for Queen 1 Victoria never fuljy emerged from her- re- 1 tiremcnt after the Prince Consort's death. | Tlie sum of 100,000 kronen, about £8000, | had been given her by the Danes as ill people's dowry, and she showed her interest! in charity, which has been one of her ruling passions, by giving 10,000 kronen of this! to the Danish hospitals. She also pre-l seated money from her private purse to! Danish brides who were married on her wedding day. Every good cause has had brat ions she gave largely for dinners for the poor, and frequently she visited humble homes, and ministered to the sick, and talked m homely way with the mothers. Her interest in the work of the Salvation Army has led her to donate large sums to relieve the pressure of life in the congested parte of London, hgr personal friendship for General Booth being evidenced by his rv>-"en at Huckincli.-im Palace. In 1905, when distress was unusually acute in London, she led a movement with a gift of £1000, a. movement "which prew to na- tional proportions. Another popular move- "'"t tos the publication at Christmas, in 1908, of her photographs, whereby many thousands of pounds were obtained for chanty. The Dowager Queen takes a great interest in housing and immigration prob lems, and has done much for the .encour agement pf domestic arts. Of all her de corations <0ie values most her Red Cross as Prioress of the Order of St. John, of Jerusalem. \- As a mother Queen Alexandra appealed to tlie hearts of British women. In her own childhood, spent in a home where money was not plentiful, she' had learned the simple tasks of a home, and at Frog- 1 more and Sandringham she reared her chil-l dren in similar manner. Hoi- daughters learned, as their mother had, how to make their own clothes and to cook. 1 Her affec tion for her children is such that she is not happy without one of them by her aide. When She appears in public, Prin- aT® , ria !s always with her. "Queen Alexandra delights in the company of chil dren, and the - family of King George is frequently with her. The people's affection for the Dowager Queen, which was given singular expres sion at the celebration of her silver wed ding iri 1888, and has been proved many times since, has assured her an ever cordial welcome in the London streets. Her singu lar beauty and graciousness, her unfailing tact her exquisite taste in dress-followed in nTKhUt tbe English speak- ing world— all have impressed the popular imagination. She. frequently has worn a sad expression of late years, hut her beauty is. wonderfully preserved, and her appcar- ance is still that of--a young woman. Of iate she has made yearly visits to her favor- ln/!f £ 'DowaRer Empress qf Russia, and her old Danish home. At the time of her marriage ths House of Commons settled a sum of £39,000 upon her in the event of her survmng the King, and this was lately increased to £70,000. The nation will doubtless now press further gifts upon her. be?oved fiKure ia Eng. di life than that of the Dowager Queen. EmrWI fCW Eowager' Queens of England. Tlie last was the widow of Wil- ham IV., who survived her husband by eight years. 