,,arlsam ,,, THURs DAY,,IAUOUST .18,. 1910. The reporf:of the Sfead--M'Kenzie dele gation that has gone to Europe in search of immigrants to take up land under the "attractive immigration scheme, submit. ted p?y the.State Governrpent, indicates that so far only a qualified success has heen achieved. However, the delegates are ii6t yet 'discouraged, and we may hope that their optimism will in the enol o. justilied. But their report contains one statement with a very important sig nificance in relation to the whole question of immigration, as it effects the future of the Commonwealth. After explaining the attractions of the Victorian proposi tion to the people of the Mother Country, and arousing a certain amount of inte rest, which has yet to fructify in the shape of business, the delegates visitevl Denmark, having already visited Ialy, t,resiniably as another Continental eoun try in which it was thought that the project was likely to find favor. But if nso, that expectation has led to dis appointment, as no applications have been received from Danish farmers. Whether the recent efforts of the Swedish Consul. General for Australia, Count Maorner, to, dissuade Scandinavians from emigrating to'tho Commonwealth have anything to do with this unsatisfactory result of tih delegates' visit' to the neighboring caun. try of Denmark, does not appear. The reason given for it is simply that the Danes are now doing so well at home under their system of small holdings, that they have no wish to leave thcra for anything that Australia has to oiler. The importance of this is in the fact that it is not a, condition peculiar to Denmark, but applies with more or less force to all those European countries from whiclh it is most desirable that our new settlers should be drawn. None of these nations are desirous of parting with the class of people that we want. We are welcome enough to the flotsam and jetsam, the unemployed and unemploy able, but neither Great Britain nor the Coutinent is now disposed to encourage the emigration of its capable and in dustrious manhood. It is a notable fact that most of the European efflux to America and elsewhere is latterly com. posed of the least- advanced elements in the :least-advanced races, while the per centage of the better types which our delegation is after grows less and less every year. The reason for this is quite -plain whben one gives it a little thought. The inm provements in the means of producing life's necessaries within.recent years ha.s raised the standard of'living for the in dustrial classes, and increased the capsa city,of the land for supporting plpula tioo in a corresponding ratio. Mlean while, owing to the declining birth-rat.e, the growth of population 'is ceasing to be commensurtto with the imllroving economic demand. And it is just among the people from which we woulhi most gladly welcome immigrants that these conditions are becoming most accetitua ted. The Mother Country has not smany yle-irables that she would willingly part with; Germany wants all her industrious sons in the parerit hive; France has none to spare for other countries; Itaily views with no favor the depletion of her young manhood. And our delegates find that the hardy Norseman is in too much ive quest at home to he tempted with a settlers' prospects abroad. It looks as if the heavy demand for white settlers by the still under-peopled European co!s nies is beginning to put a premium on the white immigrant. The percentage of surplus population in the old countries is, from the causes we have just slpe?i fled, growing less, while for a similar reason the demand for immigrants in the colonies is becoming more urgent. These are facts which those entrustil with the management of the Common wealth cannot honestly afford to over look. For while the outward pres.ure from Europe is diminishing, there is as yet no evidence of a cbrrespondling dl dine in that from the still overcrowdel East. Only the insurmountable barrier of a wise legislation is holding back a flood of colored immigration, which, with cut this obstacle, would rush in a rate threatening serious danger to the White Australian ideal. But population is need ed,' and that population must be white. The" pressing need of the Commonwealth, therefore, is to increase as far as it is reaesnably practicable the inducements to,;vbito immigration which it has to offer. 'All appearances go to show that the task of attracting the kind of set tiers we most require will not get easier, vhich means that each new citizen niow acquitedn represents an asset whose value will grow as the years pass on. The Gippsland members of Parliameint are to interview Mlr Watt, Treasurer, to the nun-payment of subsidy due to the Giplpsland Hospital, on Wednesday next. ,The Borough Band will play near the well on Saturday night. A good deal of alarm has been eau edt to householders in Sale by stories oif the sanspicious movement of a mnian who gives offensive; attention to unprotected y'lulg women and girls. The mnatter' has bIeu reported to the police. Mr E. Riiggall and Mr J. Ilahilly will adress the electors of the West lislingi ofl the- Maffra Shire, at Tinamba, ait ".;U pi, on I Monday next, ;nld lcyveld at h p.i. .li Tuesday they will be at onl ton at 2.O8 p.m., and Glenmaggiel at . lr ilannah, kMIA., has been cadult-h from membershil of the Political !,*iu.r Coulicil because he would not rc-igc from thle Commoanwealth 'Protectionlisi A?~sociatlion, . At thc'Sale .iPolice Court on Misnihay, lefore Mr IHarris, P.M., Donail isshlier and Alexarder Spragueo were each inel is tor, riding bicycles on the foottlatlh. Joseph iRobert Glenn sued Sanmuel Alex andler to recover £3 15, for the .dre of a cow. Complainant stated that th' rsew wa sold to Alexander in I)ecueml',r last, and though frquesat iapplicaltises hald been nmadle for payment, the css.' had not :been forthcoming. The ds e e dant denied saving bought the cow. but said lhe took it to tell on commisselr' thie undlerstanding being that hlie twa, II retaid 'all ha got over 13 15s, but Ice had tot yet been able to .effBet a sale. Theh bench made an order for the anmount claimed, and 25s costs. Bl'lre Mir Johnstone, JP., at the Salte Police Court 'on Tui~lsday, W. D. leslie anml Ca. were granted an order sgaislut T. I'. Mloney for £10 Ss lOd, goods selu antd deli'ered, with 16s costs, in delault distress. blr Staveley for complainant.-L "Owinl, to a defect in mechalnias a: lift at the h'ahice liotel, Melbourn:!. ide scended eon to Emile Jandesehueksy, agd 19, and gradually crushed him to death in sight'of his father and brother, there; being no means to raise the lift in re sponse to his cries. Clief-efficer Marshall tols the officers of' the Salea fire brigade that hIis first visit to Sale was over 40 yesra agos. lie rde a horse from Sale, to Itairnsdale at Ithat 'time, thle .being his first ride oi htrselack. Ten minutes after he landsied in Bairnmsdaie Ie was inluced to Il:ny is a cricket matCh; andmalde top score. kThe friends of Mr \V. II. Ormerod are informed tlata farewell gathering will be held at the Club lotel to-morrcow Allernts on .'a t four o'lk wien - il per oons wishing to attend will Ie welcome. Thie Royal Pictures will shlow an en tirely new set of pictures at the Vic toria Hlall this eveninig. The pictures shown by this company are very clear and those exhibited last week were very. fine. .biaglies have been causing a lot of triable by building their nests in the telegraph lines between Werribee and G(celng. They construct the nests of copper and galvanised iron wire, which they find somewhere in the vicinity. J With the best of intentions the ladies c oho are interesting themselves in the raniidaturc of Sir Robert Best for the li:coiong seat, on Tuesday (says the "Ar us' " forced upon him the alternatives if running awnay from a meeting which Ihe ws to address or of addressing it iSn dliance of the bribery clauses in the Electoral Act. Wishing to make Sir li lihebrt's meeting a success, the ladies, eut of the kindness of their hearts and the innocence of their minds, prepared tea, coffee, and cakes for the electors G cih:? Sir Robert was to address at Cam- ol Ireell. The electors arrived and eyed c thi cakes. Sir Robert Best arrived and l, ll the electors and the cakes. He put ic his hat anmd left the hall. It is no -ti:lactio l to win an election if it be hlat ipon appeal over a few cakes mon a charil of bribery. Sir Robert Best de c:l tot k take the risk. The ladies were t.,tniiclcd when the situation was ex laioed to them. The electors, though l i .-:.l','p inted at not hearing Sir Iolbert I I ',t expouni his views, had the satis- Is Iaction of a cupll of tea and those unfor trate' cakes. R ?ir .. O'Connor has kindly promised m a: trophy valued at Cl is to the Sale in ire IBrigade. hlenry Cummings, aged 55, was killed fic I, : ,motor collision with a car owned by si Air thiert lHarper, 51.11.R. n c :metction with their annual sale, .1J. (uCll;aen and Sons are offering this week Spleiacl purchase of two cases of pic aire and photto frames, at lowest prices. di , dcrli are ianvited for the brickwork cm i.dii olnly) at the new rectory at Strat .\1. lirg?on, of the Sale Boot Arcade, .cunclllleCi· that hlie is now shlowing il l ctic' latest styles in seasonable oots andil .,h,. Repairing on the premises is a .I- \V. II. Judkins, well disguised, ,i;lld a Chinese gambling den on Sun cy week, and saw gambling carried Mr W'. Clues has purchased an hotel at Mre. The,. Little and Co. will hold a Ilcrce -ale at Traralgon to-morrow. t. .\ paissenger train of new carriages ,ldl ieminenee running on the Gipps ;., li i: during the present week. This ~ill he the through train starting from FIlhers-street it' 7.52 a.m., returning trtm Itairnsdale ait 2.15. It will blie made ip ,i tlhe new 72 feet cars. with luxuri- R ci c: upoi'lstering and fittings, and the" !.at. i effort to secure comfortable tra ic, hng. The mail guard will also be sup- i ple;i with better facilities for letter V ,rating. The new A2 engines will pro .bldyi haul the train portion of the trip. r .\ five-roomed weatherboard housu, Iat :allhalica. oiuncd and occupied by George tiod,. was distroyt l 1,y fire on Saturday S :,ht. There was no one home at the I1 :ice. Nothing was saved. The build- i :n;s .and contents were insured in the I Stalte losurance Company for .£10. h .1Rster lJack Gould. son of Sir P. o,.uil, Iltirnsdale. whilst riding a bi cycle, collided with anotber rider. lRe suitll. Iroke, collar bone. Messr.s W. D. Leslie and Co. hlave a ,iry attractive advertisement elsewhere. l ise universal providers are throwing tut every day odd lines of remnants, vial these can be seen on the counters i'hin:g this month. They do not in -t*i4 to take in these "throw-outs" into t Ik agaiin. and the prices will be found i-,' v a dead level of bargains. boy aged six years. named Jack I !:,;erLton. son of Mir Frank Robertson, a i l,:.irnsdale. fell cwhilst playing with a bll. oand broke his arm between the a iltst and elbow. it is intended to hold at Sale in No 1iI.her next a series of eadar rill li:acle- in which relpresentatives from t , li the detachments comprising the 4th i 'ippslndi Battalo:i will compete. The ic wwing cadet corps are expected. to ,ic.' iart:-Blruthlen, Iairnsdale, Luck nc. tcSale, liosedale, Traralgon, \'al a!iac., lnoomnfield, Warragul, Mloe, 'Sfor n !I. Trafalgar, Boolarra, Bunyip, Kor cii urrera, Outtrim, Leongatha and Dan id, cng. The Sale A.N.A. has already sIicn its appreciation of the effort to implrove this most essential part of our d!t hnee (shooting) bly donating a guinea itc?ards the prize fund, and a friend has pnr:misid a trophy. This, howeyer, is quite insufficient; and appeal is made t, tlie Sale public to further encourage the Gippllland cadets in the practice of the art of shooting by providing such prizes (trophies or cash) as will call I rth the biest energies of the boys, and I,, worthy of the town and district. The lust marksmen will subsequently take iart in the Williamstown rifle matches Inxt December. The .O. (MajorDavey) will bie glad if sympathlisers (nith the moctmenet sill communicate with him or the Adjutant (Lieut. Moysey), S.S. 54&15, akl as carly as conuvenient. 'Tlheoc. I. Little and (Co. are to-day hold idg a clearing. sale at Cowcarr on ac count of Sr J. Johns, who is disposing ui thie whole of his choice dairy herd, larinlig implements, etc., and sundries. Thice principle of "every man his own shiver" doesn't aleays act smoothly cepecially lwhen i young and gallant ihocver gets his car stuffed full of pretty girl. Then it sometimes turns his head. A y~cung hire by the name of Steele had his motor-load last week. At some rail sway galtes he descended to do mysterious things to the innards of his car. Then the young. man began to churn the maligle hinidle-to wind the jigger uo to go and idiotically left his car in gear. The live thing rushed offi, bowled him iovr, tore through the railway gates, and carried a squealiig cargo of Girl -nut one of them knowledgable enough to nur tile stopping crank for. a paru: tied 10 minutes or so. By that time the road was sriren with Girl (mostly, St. liilda) and hlysterics.-"Tabhle Talk." We have received from Sir D. J. Hlurlevy, pianoforte tuner, of Sale, a ;cpmy of the public notice issued :by'the Pianoeiorte Tuners' Associatioin, which may be seen at Mr Gallagher'a shop. It worns the public against irresponsible plraons, without professional knowlidlge, hUo may be instrumentalists, but have no knooledge of the business of pianoforte tuning. Sir Hurley is the only qualied menmber of the Association living in ilippsland. You nmay sometimes snatch a spahrk of humor even from the columns of a weekly designed essentially for home eonsumenption. 'This appeared in the"Aus tralasian" (2l7/lO):-From Sarah John Son (Trafalgar). - "Dear 'Patience'--I iast tell you about my tripl to Walhalla, a0 farm life is so monotonous. It is a cow! cow! cowo from erly dawn to dewy c'e. 1 do wish fathier could go to a a0rm ,lace ),lhere there are no cows." The "I:ullhtinl' uLys this craving ifr hither t, go to warm place is painful. 