IMMIGRATION AND CHEAP LABOR. , ? ? ? NEITHER WORK NOR LAND AVAILABLE. SWEDISH AND DANISH CONSULS' WARNINGS. The advocates of immigration at any price, whose sole object is to keep wages, especially of the agricultural workers, down to starvation point, received an un pleasant surprise last week when they read in the cables that warnings had ap peared from the Swedish and Danish Consuls in their respective countries against their countrymen coming to Aus tralia owing to the difficulties of obtain ing employment, which it was pointed out was harder to get than fever. This is what the various Labor bodies have been pointing out time after .time, with the result that they have been vilified and traduced and told that their objections were the result of unreasoning fear and jealousy of competition. The Labor Party and its supporters do not object to immigration, but before any encourage ment is given to immigrants they insist that the, locked-up lands of the Common wealth shall first be thrown open. Why, they ask, should the crime be committed of bringing people here to go on the land and as agricultural laborers when there is not enough land for our own , people, and more than enough labor to supply the demand for it? The advocates of the coleur-de-rose policy, therefore, are stricken with dismay to find the ac credited representatives of two European Powers emphasising the attitude taken up by the Labor Parties throughout Aus tralia. Of course, there has been the usual attempt made to pooh-pooh the state ments. Naturally one of those to take up the cudgels on behalf of the cheap labor at any price advocates was Premier Wade. He made the excuse that the Go vernment had to bear the burden of mis takes made by privately directed organi zations, which, however, he forgot to say, had for long been allowed a free rein by his Government. He offered to give Count Morner full access to the re cords of the Immigration Bureau, when lie thought he would see his way to cor rect an impression which, so far as the Government was concerned, was scarcely accurate, and which, he plaintively con cluded, was likely to do harm to a move ment which ought to be encouraged. Count Morner's repl5r was brief and to the point. He said he would, with re spectful thanks, accept Mr. Wade's kind invitation so soon as the ' unemployed Swedish immigrants, who caused him so much trouble, gave him an opportunity of doing so. The two Consuls have, of course, been taken to task by .the two Sydney dailies, who were quite unable to controvert the statements made,, and which outside the ranks of the- agricul- tural sweater have found ready endorse ment. . NEITHER WORK NOR LAND h AVAILABLE. Among' the cheap-labor party who ful minated against Consul Morner for having warned his countrymen against leaving to settle in Australia was Sir Robert Best, Minister for Customs. He stated that there was ample room and opportunity for suitable men to make a living in Aus tralia, particularly as agriculturists. Co operative efforts were being made by the Commonwealth and the States to induce the right kind of immigrants to settle in Australia, -where there were vast fields awaiting profitable occupation. Sir Robert Best knows that what he has said is absolutel5r untrue. Room there is in Australia for not only thousands but mil lions more than the population it is car rying. But as to the opportunities for getting on the land, they are very, slen der, and this is the case in Victoria par ticularly. Mr. Elwood Mead, the Govern ment irrigation expert, who is chairman of the State's Rivers and Waters Supply Commission, says this is so, and he surely ought to know something about the mat ter. The day after Sir Robert Best had criticised Count Morner's warning, Mr. Elwood Mead, in' a report, stated: — ' Though the State has plenty of water for irrigation, it has at present only 4000 acres of irrigable land available for set tlement. . . . One shipload of irrigators would absorb the whole of this area.' He advocated the purchase of further large areas in the Swan Hill and Cohuna dis tricts for settlement. Mr. E. F. Russell (agricultural Imple ment Trade Union) in bringing before the Melbourne Trades Hall Council last week the statements of Count Morner and Sir Robert Best, said there could be no ob jection to immigration as long as it was not carried out in a manner detrimental to the interests of the country. Demo cratic legislation in regard to the land was necessary in order that the people who were in Australia should first be provided for. It was right that the people who desired to settle in Australia should not be hoodwinked. The Farmers' Leagues and Conservative organizations generally were endeavoring to attract people here when they knew that under existing circumstances it was impossible to find land for our own people. Artisans were also invited, though there was not enough employment for the present popu lation, and unskilled laborers were also suffering through lack of work. Sir Ro bert Best had said there was plenty of room in Australia for men of the right type. What was the right type? Had they not the right type of men in the country at the present time? Sir Robert Best posed as a patriot; but his remarks were an insult to the manhood of Australia. The recent farmers' conference had de cided that it was necessary to provide cheap labor in order to exploit the workers and hold them in subjection. Mr. M. ,Strahan (Hotel and Caterers Employees Association): -They were squatters, not farmers. * ? Mr. C. Gray (President): Farmers from Collins-street. Mr. Russell said that another cablegram contained the information that the Agent General (Sir John Taverner) was sending out a number of shop and factory boys to be trained as agriculturists. Were there no lads in Victoria who could be trained on our own farms? These actions were attacks on Labor to bring down wages and to domineer over the workers. .tic muvBu — jLuat mis council expresses its strong approval of the action of the Swedish Consul in warning Swedish emi grants against leaving their own country to come out here, and be made instru ments of exploitation, by which means wages might be forced down: and, fur thermore, that the Council indignantly protests against Sir Robert Best's asser tion that there is plenty of room arid ample opportunities for thousands of im migrants, while thousands of our own citizens are unable to find employment;' Mr. F. Ramsdale (Licensed Collectors' Union) seconded the motion, which was agreed to. 