*w?i ji) to w& TBALIA.4' A WARNIN6 TO DANES. AND SWEDES. PEEMIEfi WADE'S VIGOEOUS KEPLY. The Premier bes Tecetved a letter from the A&ent-GeneraJ; in London, on the subject at warnings issued to their twonte by the Swedish and Danish Governments, against immigrating to Australia.' ,Mr. Cos*»«»- -Tites (under date February 11): — ^'By last nail I forwarded to you a translation of a notice which has recently been published in the Swedish news papers, as a warning to intending Immigrants to Australia. ' The Danish Government has now issued a warning in the same connection, as follows: — 'The Minister for Foreign Affairs publishes the following:: — As iacmiries resardinx the state of affairs in Australia and New Zealand are addressed' to the -Minister fnr ?Bv.reign Affairs from day to day, the Minister points »nt that as - difficulties for immigrants to subsist in those countries have latterlv been, largely in creased, Danes in search ot employment' are earnestly dissuaded from going to the coun tries named . ' To this Mr. Wade sent ;Ue following cable gram for publication in the British Press: — . The Premier of New South Wales strongly resente the publication by the Dan ish Minister for Foreign Affairs of a warn ing against Australia as a field for emigra tion. - He .states that no country In the world to-day offers a better fieW for the in- ?-? dustrdous worker than New South Wales, . especially for agriculturists or rural labor : ers, willing to go into the. country districts. 'Since tne establishment of .the Govern ment assisted system, in 1906, emigration to New South Wales has grown rapidly, until now a considerable. stream is arriving. The Immigration Bureau, after an exhaustive check of the oversea' arrivals, and analysis' .. of the status of passengers, announces that the gain from Great Britain x alone to New South Wales during' 1909 was ten thousand of the genuine settler - class. All these were satisfactorily settled without delay. 'Practically no unemployed are in the State at the present time; but there is a huge, unsatisfied demand for agricultural . and domestic labor at remunerative wages. 'Since 1906 New South' Wales has assist ed 14,009 immigrants, the Government gua ranteeing work for agriculturists and do . mestic servants, and placing them in satis factory employment on day of landing. Hundreds of these .immigrants have made homes on the land, are owning freehold, and . are now prosperous farmers; all the others are 'earning about 'double the wages receiv ed in older countries. 'In the same period, 179,554 people arrived in New South Wales, and 278,619 in Aus tralia, from oversea. In 1909, 51,025 people arrived in New South Wales from oversea, : and 83,609 in the Commonwealth.' ? 