NEWS AND NOTIONS. Guinns&'s Stout produced ft net profit last year of £Ig300/H)0'iu> spite of tbe bowling againflt Lloyd-Georgo's taxation, which was going to ruin all such con- cerns. Apparently there is a small mar gin-left yet for him to operate on if need be. '. . Some members of the. General Assem bly of the Presbyterian Church stated that the young Australians now grow ing up wcro lawless, and perfect. pagans. This, if tho statement he true, is a con fession of the utter failure of the Church in their mission. In fact; as a rule, the more it nation is under the domination of the churches the more immoral it is. The Prime Minister of the Common wealth has notified his intention of giv ing Australian artists the chance to com pete in the designs for .the Australian notes. This is indeed a chance for our artists, who most of them have harbored ntodd times chimerical deigns for notes. Owing to the scant local encouragement they get, a prophet has little honor in his own country. . Federal members have .been, studying Danish statistics, and have discovered tlint Denmark, with an area of only 18,000 square- miles, now has 250,000 farmers, though prior to the passing of a Bill to break up big estates they were only 2000 or so agriculturalists, and , in 1801 600 men owned the whole country -This, by way of inducements to closer settlement in Australia, A matron is badly needed at the watch-house, through which so many worn ori aro constantly passing as crimi nals. :Jn Melbourne and Sydney, tjie matrons at the city watch-houses do a very groat and noble work with the poor unfortunates who conic there. Besides, such an appointment is necessary in a large centre like Brisbane in the inter ests of decency. '' /- , ' ' The new rightful monarch of Great Britain, according to the loyalists, has been proclaimed. She is the Duchess of Modcna Este, who is. the lineal descend ant of the Stuarts. ' There are so far no signs of George abdicating in favor of the Du'chess, whose proclamation has. not caused any serious disturbance in tbe British/Empire. It would bo interest ing to know .what she thinks of it her self. . ' \- " Kjt . ; It Is hot generally, known that one of the King's little perquisites is. all the gold and silver fouud in his dominions wheresoever' situate, which last year amounted to £80,000,000 — a nice bit of pocket money for lum if he enforced tbe claim.' He has also the privilege of pur suing felons and confiscating their pro perty wherever found. But this also is in! abeyance. Our old monarch must have had good times enjoying as they did all these-little "rake-offs." ' He.. sk The number of British sailors has been gradually, declining during the past forty years. The figures prepared by the ship ping authorities show that 18,303 lads joined the mercantile marine in 1870. In 1880 the number had been reduced to 14,607; in 1800, to 8650, and in 1900 to 5230\. This is a serious matter. The Federal Government are committed to a .forward Naval Policy. ' Have- they suf ficiently-considered .the question of man ning the Australian Navy, which they have now. brought into actunl existence? JTbe three greatest sheep-rearing coun tries in tlio world are : -Australia, the Argentine, and Russia. Of these, Aus tralia easily comes first with 87,043,200 sheep; Argentina comes next with 77,581,100, 'and , Russia possesses 58,5 40,323. WBat a pity it is, with all this wealth of wool) Australia does not manufacture more of it. She would then be the richest country in the world; in fact/ as well as in "potentialities.'-' As it is, moBt of the wealth produced- by these sheep go to the foreign boodler. The "Courier" is going into raptures and ccstasies over the startling state ments of tlio Scottish Commissioners that Queensland is .a "wonderful!" coun try and is full of "possibilities"! The "Courier," in a leading article on these novel platitudes and the marvellous dis- eovcriesaml adventures of the Commis sioners in the wilds of the Darling Downs, considers that they constitute a most valuable report. Doubtless, tbe Commissioners think that the "Courier" is a "wonderful" paper. There iB a promising row on iu Wes tern Australia between the Government and certain English immigrants, who say that they were promised one thing in London and are. getting another in Australia. They were told that they could get plenty of land witlun 20 miles from the railway at . 10s. per acre, whereas the only land available for them is 100 miles out back and will cost tbem 27a. per acre. The whole of the State immigrant systems badly want looking up. The time lias gone by when people could be kidnapped by fraud . Why are the luckless prisoners who are placed in the dock in .the Police Court not allowed to. make themselves neat and tidy before going into the court? There may be a reason for de priving them of their collars, ties, and suspenders fn the cells, but there is no earthly reason for doing bo in the court unless it is the - unworthy motive of making them look as disreputable as- possible in the eyes of the court, so 'sls to get a conviction. The prisoners in the Supreme Court present a vivid con trast by their general spruceness. . : if. - The sixpence per week imposed by the new Hospital Bill on all wages over one pound per wcck.wlU be a grievous bur den on .the small wage-earner. It is a most. unjust tax, and savors of the un righteous poll tax. The working-men are the people who subscribe the -most to the hospitals under the voluntary sys tem. It is the rich man that does not give according to his means. Twenty-six shillings per annum would amount to one and a half per cent on the income of £100 per annum. On the same pro portion, the than with £1000 ought to give £15 to the hospitals. How many do? - . \- The Civil List of the cold country makes curious reading, when you see tbe names of . the people among those described as destitute or without ade quate means of support. Here are a few:— The descendants of the famous Dr. Livingstone, and Professor Ray Lan caster, Sir F. O. Burnand, the poet Dob- son, the other poet Austin, and Profes sor Davis, tho Orientalist. It seems that it is better to keep a pro vision store or a corner grocery Bhop than be a man of Icttera, to whom it is always more or less a question whether lie will commit suicide, die in the workhouse, or take a civil list pension? Not being fools, thoy take tlw qenaion, 