te®KIBmSTO'EBAS; Spwr--': , . :v BliOOLsMDplQRATIONi INEVITABLE OUTPOURING. ' OUR SPECUIt CORRESPONDENT.) Efe/iLONDON, January 7. — Th» echoolmaster Is flhKgrcat emigration agent. Anyone who might |j|stm\dbubt tho rapid fllllng up <flt tho empty- Igifllniids which Ho nroond and. through tho Pacific SlihB'h'ut to dip Into the school books of crowded SjsEurppe/ . In almost every country ho 'wtll And rvKbho': young ' emigrant . being manuTacturod. I !|® fcave feone In to tlie free schools of tho poorer plasscr on- the Continent, and found, llttlo Rioreign . .fingers at work on maps of Australia ftSuidY America, and llttlo foreign tongues gpjwTostllns .wl th strange ' native names of places Sbyers.' The rest was easy. One conld picture ||tho.'. xostlesseness, horn of oducatlon, with cramped, hopeless/ local conditions; and one day Ifcthe /OTfOdcn awakening to tho deeper green of ®tie distant hills. Then would follow the con- . trasts ibdtwcen tho area and population ot the j 'sj'/'.now land and tho old, the consequent curiosity, ffe'and 'Inquiries into the non' lands' fertility and ©towages. ' Fifty years ago or less the emigration »£ot;Hhe -masses depended on the verbal story of M?odd-men who went out and came back, or on jpSt&/ scholarly letter-wrltor, or tho equally feachoiariy Individual whose phllanthropytook tho itqrm of reading aloud. To-day tho countries to Iptidilch jvo look for men and women can read and Mjwrltc.;i> Empty lands have hut to - make their, jgp&teriiigs; known and to keep their gateways free l&W; vexations restrictions. The schoolmaster will ®/;do the" rest. a:. "' ' THE IMPERIAL A.B.C. : ! K|.|/;The Australian often chafes ot the lack of feknowledgo of" the English' people about tho pscblqiiies. It is especially annoying In the midst jSi'ierf so "-inuch big talk about Empire. Leaders H-ft are well enough informed; tuts are moved by an //interest ivhlch is always adding to their know- g/lqdge. But every colonial who comes, to Eng- f/ land Is moTO or less disappointed at tho Ig- norance and often Indifference of the average £' man and woman "they meet here about tho out- &. side ESmpiro. And even those who show somo tj: Interest aro guilty of little slips and ml8Con- gvcepUqps which may he amusing or offensive %!iq/the colonial's susceptibilities according to |||ilils temperament. Tzist week a friend Of mine -.passed an Australian cheque over the counter p|of ; the! ;Bauk of England. It was Now Year's febay;; hlngs wore slack, and'ihe old cashier a/:.. Was talkative. "I believo," he said, "that you ||Vsaro: having vory fine weather la Australia." fe/frYes.'t -'agreed my friend, "we usually-got flue E'/VdaUjflr about Christmas time." "Just ' so," /i-contidbed tho Bank ot Engiand man, "but I / understand that this year the weather has been ii'; p'artidiilarly flne; wonderful weather, in fact" lllThe; Australian was at a momentary loss. Then feV/lt .struqk him. "You mean a good seMon,j;'(he.,' rtBadd/sfjYes, yes," agreed the cashier, "that's it, jgbod! season — splendid weather." arule the offence Is not of this light and f;F.jamusing sort; lots of people neither know nor feVwant/to know, and yet they like to make /i. paternal statements about tho way in which the P|foptstfeps of their children abroad should go. Bntlfdds Is dying out;, it cannot survive, tho. /-.education movement. Ono does not. get the im- Ipresslpn that England's "lower classes" are en- p|tfilight&ied;, hut still one finds it almost initios- ifSibie -to believe that universal education Is but years old. In Templo Gardens stands a If/Btattie "of .William Edward Forstor,. "to whose V-1' wisdom and foresight" (so runs the inscription) //"England owes the establishment throughout SfV;the ldnd of, a national system of elementary f-j/education." Forster has been dead only 24 /. years. No monument In London, excepting Nel- fehon'sinoblo pillar at Trafalgar Square — for Nel- af eon Was tho greatest of all the .colonisers — has ||Ss6 mtifch attraction for tho:colonlal interested in 'li' tho peopling of his native country. , . _ „ // NO PREFERENCE SHOWN.,. ,,.- , > ( xt js instrudtlvo to go into England's elernen- tary schools, and see what Is being taught about K tho Empire. And tlics£ visits, while they can- ijj not fail to impress -yotMwlth the fact that a big ! j - proportion of the English children of to-day will :/ ibo led on by their lessons to homes abroad, are :/! .not' Troo of disappointment. Tho elementary- / schools of England havo as yet paid scant at- :t- tention to Imperialism. It is surely inevitable !-that 'this will very speedily be corrected, and that the education systems responsible for the / teaching of tho great majority of the young generations will seo that by far tho most'lni- &.:;portant portions of tho earth to tho scholar, / after tho- United Kingdom, are the dominions f: abroad. . Tho English child learns a good deal i/ about tho discovery and conquest of the colo- r. nleS, and of tho events which provided some of >1, tho, best stories of British valor and strength. £;W'But of tho colonics, since they began to look s,' -after tlicir own affairs, since they ceased to be 5i%i, a -burden- and a worry to England, and became great fields for her trading activities and invest- fe- ments. since they became an ally and a sup- j!;,-port,f.tho present and future significance of 1, whlott nono can exaggerate, since all this no- montouB transition thoy havo been compara- feL.tivoly neglected in tho school books. S-vv-.-I-, hdvo mentioned this phase of English edu- /v cation to some of the leading officials, who are "/ responsible for tho approval of tho various W- hooks used in tho schools. Tho attitudo of a Remember of tho London County Council's staff ®5».wns.' characteristic of that of many others- The /Jj.c.0. controls tho board schools of London or g£i innothor- words, it undertakes tho elementary and 'Often tho secondary oducatlon of- tho groat .majority of thai children of London's population. k/':.'No.tv this gentloman said, "wo malco no spo- ggiCigl: effort to choose books or subjects - which g-.-.-would give the Empire idea a direct stimulant. IjftlS our reading matter, any firm of publishers ipthas tho -right to- submit a book for approval. If Ib/lfc.is approved by tho committco.tbat sits for tho jptPPfpose. it goes on to the list available for feteaohers. and the teachers then make their own Ifechoice. Considerations of Empire certainly |fi.-ne.ver.. influence an approval or disapproval." a/c'"Xou- don. t. for instance." I asked, "make any effort, to see that the child reads or learns more Kj about- Canada than about the United States?" gfevNp." 1)0 replied promptly.- "Why should we? fJSrrOur mission is purely cducativo." I- ventured- to $l'i. foll.'him that tho Australian child was obliged fc-'toi(Iearn vastly more about England than about /..France or Germany, and this chiefly because of iv'l.tbo interests of race and Empire patriotism. |-/;Weren't tho cases parallel': "Wo have never pfvlogked . at It in that light, was his answer. Of course, this will be changed. With all. or nearly all/ the first thinkers of the country cn- K<\- gagod in devising stimulants to Imperialism, it fe:„: is inconceivable that the most potent agency of fey. alL should be neglected. In tho higher fields E&: of -oducatlon -the Empire is receiving a larger /and,. larger -share of attention, and one finds loc- Sj/turers -On colonial history established in the -UjniVeraltles, A few weeks ago tho London Uni- ggiverslty advertised a scries of lectures on colo- JI&jTiial;'ilndustrial legislation. Travelling schoiar- pvshlps are on. offer to students of colonial affairs. Kf&Certa;'lnly there is no preference, no attempt to ® force a knowledge of Empire on to anyone to |p tho neglcct ot other subjects. But in the unl- fe versities. or at least somo of them, there Is an appreplajilo awakening to the necessity, of ehap- ptiijns education so that it shall assist materially wthO'-Bmplre ideal. p CANADA'S BIO LEAD K-""' But Inasmuch as it is men and women that fe-tho colonles primarily need,- and as it Is tho3e. ®j-most needed aro the working classes, our in-- S-ztcrest is mainly with the. elementary free /schools. Canada awakened Ycry speedily , tp, s®' what- a Europe, that could read meant to cmi- i/Lgration. AH through thero has. been a great l'-broad national spirit in tho -Immigration policy of The -Dominion. She has realised that popula- tloa sho must have. And to get it she has te'made many sacrifices that Australia has jfeshirked- ' She has sent tho ratepayers' money, Ifciand - has sometimes: flooded the ratepayers' m!Ubbr market: and ' yet all parties, alivo to the Wt" Kltlmate and gencral good, havo approved, oho haa''declared that If she could not get all sho wanted from Great Britain she would toko tho Hgnbxt best — she would draw on the United states gpfgha on Europe; Sho has told of Canada, rich S|i»n'dTnvltlng, from end to end of Great Britain Bgjfovf Tjnited Stales, and oxerjhe greater pars BEtot-fc- f , , u \ 1 . of the Continent.' The peasant, "and the artisan' and the laborer of half the countries in Europe may read of Canada in /.heir own tongue, v Canada as .a new hotae, Canada where tho foreign laborer taay\earn shillings while he now jeafns pence,- and- where, the'p.casaoi' may own a kqdaro miio'whilo he; now owns- .(or Teases) five acres or loss — ail this ls told slihply and gra phically and appcalingiy to hundreds of thou sands of young Europeans who in the past gene ration or- two have learned to read and .write, Tho Dominion has showered the Continent with translations of her pnnphtqts, and has taken a rich return in tile cream of the workers. For a year or two these campaigns aro costly and their results limited. There Is prejudice to fight down rind financial difficulties to surmount. But tho streum, onco started, gathers as it goes.' If you could: take, a reckoning of ail tho monoy spent on ' fares to the United States and Canada in tho past '20 years you would find that- nearly tho whole of it had been earned in Ame rica. And this is why America's immigration has been so amazingly successful.- A Danish family unites aud- sends out one member. He succeeds, and finances a second. Tho two finance tho rest. More: they get them work. The keen, ambitions "ncwcome" Is hot tho one who loses his job and bccomoB a tax on the Stnto.' AN EASY TASK. So that the way 'is easy. Australia, has. but to take advantage of the- education movement as Canada lias done. She' has but to got- busy .with tho telling llttlo pamphlet, well illustrat ed, and done into many languages. Canada and tho United States grant no "assisted passages," and it costs a European practically as much to go to Western Canada by 6ea and rail as lt doos to go to Sydney by sea. Agents are appointed, and paid a small commission; but even ' without agonts itlip free, distribution pf good printed matter would start to Australia a trickle of European agriculturists, and that trickle would soon grow of itself into- a -flow of goodly proportions. So far as I know AustraHa at present spends little -or nothing on advertising in Europe; But at . the -Dresden- Photographic Exhibition during last, year Captain ; Collins, tho representative of the Commonwealth in Lon don, -distributed a few thousand copies of a pamphlet setting out some elementary facts about Australia and its resources and Govern ment. No appeal'was made for emigrants, and tlio pamphlet was not sent Into agricultural dis tricts. Nevertheless, soon after its issne a number of German farmers wrote as a deputa tion to the Commonwealth Office In London for particulars of Ihe.prospects before new settlers. Germany Is jealous of young foreign countries touting for blood and bone within her bounda ries. but her objections are specific, and with care are easily surmountable. The authorities will pass qui to enough for the purpose of sotting out the attractions of lands like Canada and Australia. It Is" madness for Australia not to spend a few thousands on the distribution of "literature" In Europe. AUSTRALIA' INDIFFERENT "LITERATURE." And then ahout this "literature" which Is to go before the man educated in the elementary schools. If anyone in Australia will take the trouble to run through all the handbooks and the rest ot the advertising matter issued by New- South Wales and tbo otbor States, they must admit that a heap, of money Is being wasted.. The work Is done wretchedly. There are a few exceptions, hut, as a rule, the books are far loo bulky. It is one thing to say that the young Britisher, that is, the young agricul tural laborer and farmer, is able 'to read and write, and quite another thing to appeal to him as if ho were a student with little, else to do for a month or two but to read ahout Australia. I know of people here who have applied for a few plain facts about a particular State, and who get flooded with books and pamphlets, covering everything in ' Australia, from the area to tbe birthrate. Canada heats us kite high at thi3 business. Her advertising stuff Is racy and terse. What you want on one subject, whether it is orcharding or wheat-, growing, or anything else/ lies by itself between two covers. The -Commonwealth has 'a-baHdbObk on issue' here. It looks like haif- the "Year Book." It would engage tho averago simple laborer or the domestic (the two classes to .which we are appealing) for about a year, and all the way a microscope would be necessary to follow tho diminutive type. It might be use ful in newspaper offices and to controversialists as a work of reference, but- for all else it is a sheer waste, of money. Victoria has recently issued a huge illustrated book. It is woll written and brightly illustrated; it offers to tell of Victoria from from A ,to Z. It Is valueless for emigration purposes bocauso of Its hulk. It must have cost a lot of money. . AN IRRESISTIBLE HOST.. The European schoolmaster would people America and Australia and tho" empty islands of the Pacific without any assistance at all from the now lands.- ;The thrifty peasant ha3 hut to learn, and he Is 'learning every day, what awaits him oversea, and ho will do tho rest. Ono can't travel in rural Europe without recog nising cloarly and unmistakably that Australia must fill tip inevitably and quickly, The exist ing distribution of land Is so lopsided as to he impossible of oven a brief continuance.' When onco it is appreciated .In Europe that- only a few pounds for fares lio between life-long labor and extreme frugality, and a now land in which the labor of a weok earns the European wages of a month and in which "labor and frugality on the soil almost Invariably lead to a con siderable freehold— when Europo knows this Australia will get Immigrants ot the best sort in n flood. The day will. come of itself and far r,„re speedily than the average Australian rea lises It must. The. European has never been a tardy "migrant. But for Australia it can't come too soon- and it will, bo hastened by all those -ho favor immigration. Tho way is so easy and so cheap. One word suffices. Advertise! 