A New Fabric. It is a common saying that there is nothing new under tho eun, but the, idea is an erroneous one, lor, as JWost women know, every hour of tho day, the brains of tho cleverest men pleasing of womankind, for hen per sonal adornment, and the ease, com fort, and beauty of her clothing. Woman' lias always beon, andl will always be, the pivot of man's thoughts in this direction, and it is her proud privilege to bo catered; for in this way. Just now ovory woman who takca an interest in tho best of this world's goods' is discussing the merits of a new flannelette, th'o usmnn, wnicn is tne most aougnt ful material of its kind that has found its way to the Australian market. With its soft, velvety texture, it is an ideal material for women and children's' nightdresses and under wear, COIILUilllllg WILN ltS (1SL1I11O 5--J*L- ne.ss a warmth that infuses thc body in a most healthy glow, and induces restful sleep. To tho woman of to- day, this must appeal strongly, lor in tho strenuous life sleep is one of the essentials to our well-being. Tho wearing ol tho 'Osraan' flannelette is a luxury, but an inexpensive one, which even tho most inexperienced of shoppers must admit — and what woman exists that does not like to buy tho best article in tho cheapest market ? Tho eye us well as the touch i» pleased in the 'Osman,' tho beauti ful colorings and artistic designs in shades of iilac to purple, amber to a deel- nut brown-, miirnonetto to myrtle green ; how lsvely they arc ! And the various shades of blue — Saxc, Nattier, Wedgwood, Royal — nnd thc delicate shell pink to tho fashionable vieux rose, all forming viii-K o Tiorfnr-t h n i-rri mi v in c.nlnr scheme that thv most fastidious is pleased. And then the standard lines in white nr.d cream are as oxceUent ns the coloured,' ones. Comfort is- ono *' of thc most sought-after of life's pleasures, and where beauty is added, what more to bo desired ? J.n tho 'Osman'. flannelette, its warmth ami durability, with its {?harming range ot striped designs, give it a. long lead amongst its coiv tcmporaries. A big attraction is its price, which is within the reach of all ; and a strong factor not 'to bo overlookied is thivt it is v.ot inflam mable, thus doing away with tho old-time prejudice regarding flan nelette. 'Osman washes as wen as tnu best calico, and returns, from tho tub so fresh mid fragrant that one simplv rovcls in thc enjoyment of its beauties. Mothers who ta.ke a pride in their little ones, and, like to seq them comfortably clad, should, see that* their garments aro mado from the 'Osman' flannelette, as thoir children all then present ia. smart and healthy apiKJananco. For the coming winter no house hold should be witnout , too uamtuu, it is so deliriously cosy, and so con ducive to good health1 that 'King Winter' will have no terrors for those who are provided with an equipment of this valuable and ex tremclv desirable commodity. »??? ' —MAY SUMMER VILLE. Hy thc Oswestry Grange, which ar rived in Brisbane on Tuesday, there arrived 265 English, Russian, Ger man, Danish, and Norwegian immi grants. They looked an excellent and cheerv class of people. John Mack, in the Melbourne Crim inal Court, was last week found guilty on three charges of having ob tained money under false pretences. It was alleged by tho Crown that the accused was' a person who hud advertised for tenders for addressing envelopes, ana nnu i^i'u in; uu:aionn sent by many poor people with their tenders. His Honor, Mr. Justice , a'Heckett, said the scheme was con to-tcd to ensnare ? poor, industrious persons, who would undertake work they- were invited to tender for. Mt-n who were engaged ii*a scheme of this kind must be heartless scoundrels. The sentence of the Court was that Black be imprisoned for two years, with hard labour. Southerners are notoriously ignor ant of Queensland affairs and indus tries. Ono of tne Melbourne papers, referring to the recent A.N.A. Ex hibition in that city and tho display made thereat by the Queensland ex hibit, referred to it as 'one of the foreign exhibits likely to compel at tention, ' becauso of its wealth of tropical and subtropical products.' During the first fortnight of hor trip from Vancouver to Sydney,- a 'wireless' newspaper was published on tJir- H/M.S -' Vnkiirn All th,« mns sages wero received by 'wireless.' When 2,177 miles apart, ' the Makura nnd the Korea communicated bv wire less.' Tho Korea was bound for San 'ivrancisco. Mr. Dexter Uaker had a nasty Ex perience with a Jersey bull on- ono of his father's (Mr. W. B. Baker) farms, Mullumbimby, on Wednesday laat (says the 'Tweed Herald'). Ho was leading the bull from oncv p.id dock« to another and when near aoino wire netting fencing, the bull sudden ly attacked him, ana, taKing nun unawares, knocked him to ? the ground. Tho .animal's''' onslaught was very vicious, : and before two assis tants could come to Mr. Baker's as sistance, he had his clothes ripped OH anu recuiveu a ''uiuur oi . acyt-n: abrasions oh the thighs, back arid chest while. a' nasty wound was in flicted, beneath one of the eyes. Had it not been for -:tho prompt assistance of the men in question, and his close at the time, it is very doubtful if Mr. *' Baker would have escaped alive. ^ Electors of Queensland '. You 'aro 'earnestly requested to record your votes for Messrs. Givens, Stewart, . . -1 and Turloj' for thc Senate. Lewis -* £ McDonald, Agent, Brisbane.*11* - 'J 