EUROPE'S DECLINING SURPLUS. The report of tho Victorian delegation that has gone to Europe in search of immi grants to take tip laud under the very at tractive immigration scheme submitted by the State Government, indicates that so fur only a qualified success has been achieved. However, the delegates are not yet discour aged, aud we may hope that their optimism will in the end be justified. But their re port contains one statement with a very important significance in relation to the whole question of immigration as it affects the future of the Commonwealth. After explaining the attractions of the Victorian proposition lo the people of the Mother- country, and arousing a certain amount of interest, which lias yet to fructify in the shape of business, the delegates visited Dcn- murk, having already visited Italy, pre sumably as another Continental coun try in which it was thought that the pro ject was likely to find favor. But if so, that expectation lias led to disappointment, as no applications have been received from Danish fanners. Whether the recent efforts .of Count Morncr to dissuade Scandinavians from emigrating to the Commonwealth have had anything to do with this unsatisfactory result of tho delegates' visit to the neigh boring country of Denmark, does not appear. The reason given for it is simply that the Danes are now doing so well at home under their system of small holdings, that they have no wisli to leave there for anything that Australia lias to offer. The importance of this is in Hie fact that it is not a condi tion peculiar to Denmark, lint; applies witli more or less force to all those European countries from which it is most desirable that our now settlers should he drawn. None of these nations are anxious to part with tho class of people that: we want. Wo are welcome enough to the flotsam and jetsam, hut neither Great Britain nor the Continent is now disposed to encourage the emigra tion of its capable and industrious manhood. It is a notable fact that most of the Kuro- jienn efflux to America and elsewhere is lat terly composed of the least-advanced elements in tho least- advanced races, while the percentage of tho better types which the Victorian delegation is after grows less and less every year. The reason for this is perfectly plain. The improvements in the means of producing life's necessaries within recent years lias raised the standard of living for the indus trial classes, awl increased the population supporting capacity of the land in a corre sponding ratio. Meanwhile owing to the declining birth-rate the growth of popula- tion is ceasing to he commensurate with the improving economic demund. Ami it is just amongst the people from which we would most gladly welcome immigrants that these conditions are becoming most accen tuated. The Mother-country has not many desirables that she would willingly part with; Germany wants all her industrious sons in the parent hive; Franco lias none to spare for other countries; Italy views with no favor the depletion of her young man hood. And the Victorian delegation find that the sturdy Norseman is iu too much request at home to he tempted with a settler's pros pects abroad. It looks as if the heavy demand for while settlers by Hie still un der-peopled European colonies is beginning to put a premium on the white immigrant. The percentage of surplus population in the old countries is, from the causes we have just specified, growing less, while for a similar reason the demand for immigrants in the colonies is becoming more urgent. These are faets which those entrusted with the management of the Commonwealth's af fairs cannot honestly afford to overlook. For .while the outward pressura froni( Europe is diminishing, there is as yet no i-wdenc" or a corresponding decline in that lioni i ne still overcrowded East. Only the iUtiticial harrier o'f legislation is holding lawk a flood of colored immigration which with this obstacle removed would rush in at a rale threatening serious danger lo the while Australian's ideal. But unless backed by an adequate while population, those har riers cannot lie relied on to hold for ever. The pressing need of tile Commonwealth, therefore, is to increase as far as is reason ably practicable the inducements to white immigration which it lias to offer. All ap pearances go to show Hint Hie task of at tracting Hie kind of settlers wo most require will not: get easier, which means thai ouch I new citizen now acquired represents an as- j set whose value will grow as tho years pass. 