POLITICAL PELLETS. Federal and State. Has JiiJp retired? lie fca# not t>n prominent anywhere .for tome time post Seemingly, Jonah has swaBoved the whale. f . ./; Hew South .Wairi Is going to Uncle once more.' Wade wants ZUPtifiW. but he's a bit timid, arid proposes " to bite the lug for local development purposes." A Hardacre is. ia the city getting fighting material for . .the Jcomiajs . teaguja, lie doesn't, do ; much in .firework botiaerz. but gets there as often ae any Labor mem ber. sfc is . The Federal Government are r-7t wag ing lime like the Kidder contortionlstr. Though less than two months !n Larowf, Fisher's team hsVe done' a great deal rt serviceable admlnlcfratire work, and Par liament will open on July 1. eleven days earlier than the State circus. Labor leader Bowman Is not hiring en easy time just now. " His health Is cot good, and he doesn't get much rest. Dare | Is too unselfish, and be cannot be per suaded 'to go easy. Ho man mora honestly strives to help the under party. Too many calls' are made upon him by per sons "with grievances. a j k . Ym-Ho Bold" Is referred to' In southern exchange' as "the sun of tost planetary system In London. The same print says the six State planets /Agents-General) re- volve rOund bin.- "Troth" has an Idea that Podge -Reld rerolren round t be ban quet board more like an overfed porker than aught elie. "What has gone wrong with the Immi gration Restriction Act? According to the. Thursday Island recorders, the Xlfcfco Maru ' brought 21 steerage paxsengers to Thursday leland-b-motily Indented Japs. If the Act is not enforced, the tanhldes win sneak in and tai?e Australia without wait ing ammunition. A nasty, plain- spoken Labor man at Hew castle recently remarked that wages boards ought to toQnlre into the plunder. Ings of employers as weU as the earnings of employees, and plute prints appear to be shocked. What's wrong with citizens being enabled to learn how they are being fleeced. . Profits need to be regulated as well as wages, and that Newcastle Labor, ite Is on a good wScket, . The press %t Fat has widely advertised the motor car purchased by the Com. xnonwealtH . Government as " Mr. P faker's motor," ." The Aristocrat of French-Cars," In big letters. But what's wrong with the Fisher Government buying a car when Kidder has two imported enisles, and im ported chauffeurs to drive them. Vss'zer scores -big by giving the order fcr Aus tralian manufacture only, . 3 - & Candidate Elliott, who didn't get a seat in. the "Victorian Upper Story In the recent contest for, Wellington Province, Rev off the handle at the declaration of the pot L He frave Ballarat the belt far baring more' liars In politics to the square yard than any place on the planet. He remarked that the election had done 1dm more good than doctor's medicine. - ' 4 « A Home Secretary Appel has talked a lot about making the Feel Island feperspesce. ful and contented; but they are Ihtle bet ter off' than, they werV.when "Troth" bombarded the- taaarette" nearly a year ago. Promises and reports 'and all that sort of thlrfg are- right , esaoogbr hat action is required, to reform rottenly rqo Institu tions. Maybe, some member will get fbe reports, etc., tabled when Parliament as sembles. I . ' ' . . " A. ' 2 Sfis "v\V> are-now'told that the State circus wlD-commence on July 12.| The need for reform of .Stale Parliaments Is evident when most of tho members are not re quired to, earn their "salaries for seven- twelfths of their time.; "Truth's" sug gestion to have four representatives for yeach Federal Division ought .to be acted upon, and. the Upper Chamber abrfU&ed.; " , - - # ' " . # bull-headed for. a a 'electoral reform that provides for the head of a household being held responsible for the correct emohunent of all adults living In the house, fndudteg boarders and employees. Evasions wilt Incur liability, to punishment. The mono facturer of the Victorian freak Is bat of his element, /Jle ought to he Czar of Russia, or Fxemler of New Booth Wales. The greatjplute organs are'lhtesseiy In terested .about the Commonwealth 'vote 1c sue. proposals. . They reckon TUher Is courting collapse In tackling -tlie paper money undertaking If the scheme was as insane as the . panderivs to paunchy Person suggest, there would be no long articles in the day-lie d cinders warning the Federal team to go slow. The Mg prints are-plute bound, and they'd delight to. lead the Labor crowd astray, ff they knew how. . Coercion ehamplonWOde is reported by RCuter ln the. English press. with having strongly resented the Danish exposure of the Australian Immigration outrage on Ignorance. Wade declared that no coun try- Id the world offers a .better Arid ftr the industrious worker than Xew Byzth Wales. lie's a hat un. The New castle and Broken HIJ1 miner don't seem to : be in .closer, and writer hasn't met man y retired tollers from the Mother 'State," > i if A Hot so long ago. Labor lights used to heave off at Fat spreading himself out at gorges and guzsles; but the' leaden are now, doing as much of the " victory bcul- nesg as ever the other sort did. The Hon.' A. Hlnchcllffe, M.L.O, Hon. W. C. Higgs, M.P., and Messrs. C. F, Surfer, ; Coyne, Payne, and Breslhn, H31LA, read nice In print; but they are out of place at social . functions, delivering short ad dresses. ; Imagine our statesmen (!) going long distances to celebrate "our splendid Labor victory," at Maryborough. Eab ! Ain't it alckenla'? is i 2Ir. Fisher was In the Queensland Par liament some 18 years ago, and It'wa? then (hat Sir Hugh Nelson, CoSosla! Treasurer, introduced the Queensland Treasury Notu Act. That was the time when eight of the eleven bank/ of this State went 'practically bung, as they xnx- p en ded payment, and their paper was practlcaiJy dLccredlted with, aj people still remember, very - serious results to tbe- geuerai public. Since then Queensland Treasury notes baYe' ousted the paper of the prlratt banksu The banks ouder their charter had the right to Issue note; but lo- prevent; their Issue the Government stepped' Jn' Vitb a practically prohibitive tux of 10 per cent' on private banks notes;. In place of 'the" hitherto exfsffng 3\. per cent tax. . 