? r VICTORIAN MISSIONS BANQUET IN LONDON. LONDON, September 9.. The Victorian residents in London you terday gave a luncheon at the Gaiety Rea taurant to the Hon. H. McKenzie, Minister for Lands, and Mr. Elwood Mead, who are about to leave England for Australia first going to America in search of experts for the Victorian irrigation lands Lord Goschen presided and then were present 150 leading commercial gentlemen, financiers, and; merchants, including Sir Charles Lucas, of the Colonial Office, Mr. Robert Reid, of Melbourne; Sir T. D. Robinson, Agent General for Queensland; the Hon. A. A Kirkpatrick, Agent-General for South Australia; Dr. John McCall, Agent-General for Tasmania; Mr. Reginald C. Hare, Acting Agent-General for Western Australia; Mr T. G. Russell, and Mr. Nivison. / Lord Goschen said Great Britain welcomed the delegation and did not grudge them their immigrants, since there would foster the Imperial spirit amongst all classes in Australia. Sir John Cockburn, in proposing "Our guests,'' said they had been engaged in an Imperial mission in solving the, problem of adjusting the population of the Empire. The Hon. H. McKenzie, in replying, remarked that the press, people, and authorities in Great Britain had welcomed then) most generously, without suggesting that Victoria was robbing Great Britain of the flower of her manhood. The fact that Great Britain imported 60 per cent; of her foodstuffs, of which Australia only sent 3 per cent., alone justified the mission of the delegation. Mr. Elwood Mead said Victoria would be satisfied with the number of high- class- tered, thrifty, and energetic agriculturists secured. He emphasised the importance of fostering small holdings and instanced the large yields from the lucern crops. The growers of Australia today would be the bankers of Australia in the next generation. The dairymen selected by the delegates would soon make Victorian butter as well known as the Danish, by enabling Australia to supply Great Britain throughout the whole year., I Sir, J. W. Taverner, Agent-General for J Victoria,.insisted on the absence of rivalry between the Australian States and the other oversea Dominions in immigration matters. I Mr. Charleton, the vice-president of the Chamber of Commerce; Sir John Bingham, president of the Sheffield branch of the National Fair Trade League; and Mr J. M. Pratt, of Melbourne, also spoke. ' '' 