How the Jfforld Wags. .The Holy Father and the Workmen at St. Peter's. The following anecdote shows once more ?what a great and good heart beats, in 'the 'breast of our Holy Father. On Christinas Day the workmen who are repairing the I pavement of the Vatican Basilica, which is being carried out, in great part through the ???enerosity of the Pope, found means to con vey to the Pontiff a. letter, in which they presented to him their Christmas' felicita- tions. On the same day Pius X. sent to Mgr. De Bisogno, Economo of St. Peter's, ?mTua-gent- letter containing a Jarge sum, anl i ii, note written by the Holy Father; saying: I 'To Mgr. De Bisogno, wjth request to dis I tribute enclosed sum to the dear workmen.' 1 ? ? «- ? ? Hg A Soda-Water Bottle Movement. H The 'Times' in its 'Nonconformist Sta H listics' says that, according to the 'Con- M ..relational' Year Book' for :191O, the nuin m ber of communicants is less by nearly 2500 §| than a year ago, 'the chief loss being in U Wales.'' The Baptist handbook for 19.1.0, ml we are' also told, shows' for the third year 9 in succession a. decrease in membership. Coni M pared' with the -figur.es for 190S, there has H Tioon a. decline of 1./5/5J5, 'which is entirely -w due to the continued reaction from tlio H Welsh revival.' Finally, 'the yearly sta ll tistics of the Oalvinistic Methodist Churches, I ? -the majority of which are in the Principal I ity of Wales, show a falling off in nearly all j respects.' We roincmber the enthusiastic I accounts of the last Welsh revival which I were filling columns without end of the pa ls I 'Pi's interested in the matter, and stress was I laid on the earnestness of the movement. : Tho above figures and, the. remark about the Welsh revival seoin to nrove that, after all, it was something like a. soda-water 'bottle 7novomcnt — a loud report, a fizz, and I lion bubbles' for a, little while. Nothing more. # * * * . The French Government and Apaches. The French Government deals tenderly with 'los apaches.' Formerly when so I - -lim's broke out into outrage and violence they were sent to join tlio troops in Africa, but since the Apaches have appeared in the | barracks the capital of France 'is offered as I I he prize for tlio more violent of them. At I .I'ontroy four Apaches of the 2nd Chasseurs, I guilty of misconduct hi the street, avotc ar 1 rested by the military patrol. They used I -I heir arms against their captors and when | the adjutant arrived at the head of a. body H of troops to stop their depredations they H threatened him with tlio bayonet, and yield » I'd after a. desperate scene! They tried to fl sot. firo to the prison, in which they wero fflj cnnlinod, and had succeeded to some extent. m Tlmy were ordorerl to be imprisoned for U threo months and To bo attached to tlio bat m t m Mon in Paris. Another 'batch of military |g v\pa.chos, oonvictod of violoneo and robbery, II -I'.omplotod their sentence and -were' brought |i In Paris last month and sot at liberty on nr m rival at; the station. M, Briand's pleasant m way with tlio Apacbos should make Paris n M 'dosirable and safe places for residents and II! visitors. rat * * * * H The Latest 'Idealist.' Wt The latest 'idealist' on whom the Nobd ML 'I'i'i/.o ('or literaturo 'has boon conferred is m 'Holma Lagerlof, tlio first woman to be so. honoured. Her powers are little known' here, writes the Dublin 'Evening Tele graph,' though some of her tales have been translated into many languages — into Eng lish, French, German', Dutch, Italian, Danish, Finnish, Russian, Magyar and Czech. Her work is best described by. antithesis for it is boldly imaginative, yet mystical, and both tender in emotion and practical in its les sons. Her principal rival in this contest for world recognition was the exquisite sceptic, Anatole France; and few will question her right to tlie prize, for elevation, of purpose and subtlety of spirit. Selma .Lagerlof is about 50 years of age, of a scholarly family, and a native of Sweden. The (Swedish Aca demy some years ago honournd her with a gold medal, and several of the learned bodies of Germany have conferred degrees and other distinctions on her. The most popular of her books are the 'Christ Legends' and the 'Wonders of Anti-Christ,' the 'Jeru- salem,' the collection called 'Unseen Bonds,' and other fanciful legends, redo lent of Northern life and folk- tradition, which have oncleared her to her own people. Each Nobel Prize for Literature' amounts in value to^ over oight^.thousand pounds; that amount is occasionally divided between two aspirants. Committees are appointed in vari ous countries, with powers to recommend candidates annually, and to forward the votes of members of Teading Academies and Universities to the Swedish Academy. That Academy administers the Fund, and'' exer- cises its judgment as to the conferring of the prizes. t The Irish mcnVers of the Nob^l Committee 'over which Lord Avebury pre sides 'are Dr. «. H. Butcher, M.P., Mrs'. ,T. R. Green, and Count Plunkett, who represents the Boyal Irish Academy. * # ' # » American Money. According to a New York correspondent, Senator El kins, whose daughter it was re ported last year was about to marry the Duke of the Almizzi, calculates that a, hun dred million pounds of American money is spent in Europe each year. That isj of course, apart from trade expenditure. Tour ists, lie reckons, spend twenty millions nn nually across the Atlantic, Avliile European immigrants to the States either send or bring back thirty millions. The Christmas remittances alone be pjuts at~a total of ten millions. The result of all this ho declares to be the increased cost of living in Ame rica — though what the connection is does not seem quite clear. ?» * # * New Banknotes. ' Franco, as is generally known, issued new banknotes on New Year's Day, and we learn that 'Russia, has done -the same. The notes of 25 roubles bear the portrait, of Alexander III. 'The 'colours are very complicated, nu.l it is said that they produce a rainbow effect. Thn .100-roublo notes bear a magnificent por trait of Catherine It., also~ a representation of Horculos, typical of tlio power of Russia. Beforo the French notes -wore in circulation, Ministers received as a Now Year card a, specimen of the notes from M. Lue- Olivier Merson, of the Institute. Theso notes pos sess no commercial value, 1'')'il they do not bear the signature of tlio ComptrollerGene va 1 and tlio chief cashier. In the place :if numbers thoy boar .several noughts. Of course^ those cards nro so few that the avid ity of tlio collector has boon aroused, and largo sums of money have boon offered for these unique Now Year cards. Toddy's Sporting Tour. It is not known bow many lions Mr. Uoosiv volt has shot on bis African expedition, though ho tolls a, thrilling story of how ho escaped a lion by his skill and s'pood in ducking, and 'mot. the lion next day prac tising short jumps.' The expedition led by Mr, Roosevelt Is, it sooius, under the aus pice's of the Smithsonian ? Institution, which is chiefly associated in our minds with Mark Twain's story of tlie spiritualistic seance. When Mark asked for tlio spirit of his dour old friond, ,'lolin Smith, tlio hall resounded with a thousand 'spirit-rappings,' and ho was told tlu.it 'Hip Prince Appolyon calls all tlio spirits Smith on gonorul principles, and the place whore tliey abide Is known as tlio Smithsonian Institute.' If Mr. 'Roosevelt 'h expedition has not shot ninny lions it has, at all events, 'discovered a now animal.' It is- disappointing1 to learn that tlio boast Is' only ' a small carnivorous animal, closely resembling1 \\\\\e fox.' The olilciais of the scl ontillc organisation have given Hie nniiniii the nil mo of VorgattiH, but this will never do for the man in the street. Might we suggest 'Toddy fox' aw n substllute? By the way, It Is Interesting to think bf the spoeulatioiiR that will bo rif.o, a hundred .years bonce i\» to the origin of tlio phrase ' Toddy' benr' and the toy of Hint name. Tlio references - in contemporary Htonituvo to this crnzo of Hie day will puzzle our posterity sadly. Or will tlio name of 'Roosevelt live in history, not iib n Prosldcvn'i;1 of the United States, but us u mighty hunter? # * w « 1 ' OaBorvatoro Romano, ' ' A newspaper of some nato throughout 1ho world, tlie oltlclnl organ of tlio 'Vatican, bus' jriNl; eololmitorl itfl jubilee. The. ;joxirmil l« the 'Osservatore Romano.' It was founded in Rome after the events of 1859, and the Piedmont invasion. Tlie paper had a. d.Ufi cult task to hold its own (Turin!/ its early days. On September 21, 1870, after the sup pression of the 'Giornale de Rome,' the 'Osservatore' became the sole organ autho rised by the Vatican. Congratulations from all parts of the universe have been, received by the editor. * # * ? A Ne-w Year's Honour List. The French New Year's honour list was something like a catalogue, longer than that of the ships of Homer, to. use a Macaulay ism. It contained 5400 names, and of those 1400 are educationists. In the ' Oinc.iel'-- that is the 'London Gazette' of France — the list occupies 54 pages, and eacli page \h divided into three columns. As the price of the 'Gazette' is about 2s, it may be as sumed that the issue will bring a profit, for every recipient will purchase a copy as docu mentary evidence, of his distinction. But wo are told that the list is not yet complete, and that a supplement will contain from 1(500 to 2000 more names. A Paris contemporary satirically observes: ''We must not forger, that we are on the eve of the elections.' * ? ♦ ? The New King of the Belgians. King Albert, the new monarch in Belgium, was a studious youth, and had to grind' lit the two classical languages and to become master of four modern language. Theso are French, English, German and Flemish. And wo read that great stress was laid by his father and mother and their advisers on the Prince's knowledge of Flemish, 'for Belgians would very deeply resent even m.u incomplete knowledge of a tongue spoken by, half the inhabitants of the country.' T.i perfect his fluency in the Flemish, the lad was given a valet who did not understand one word of French, 'and in the later years the young Prince could appreciate the wis dom of. this precaution; whenever he has had to deliver a speech in the Flemish provinces he delivered it in the original language of the Belgian ancestors, and every time he must have realised that by so doing^he ha-l reached and won the very hearts of his fu ture subjects.' Industrious Belgium, tlio busiest and one of the very most enterpris ing and successful of countries, remains, mid will remain, stoutly by-lingual, the ancient speech held in the highest honour — thougii it has been called, and not altogether un justly a countryside' jargon without a litor.v turo or any honournblo history. Vr ' # # * His Country's Mark. In all, other wnys, too, King Albert is branded with his own country's mark. IHs military education was not in France or Ger many or Russia, but at tho Military School of Brussels, lie studied diplomacy and dip lomatic history with tho Belgian diploma tist, Lambormont; economics with the Di rector of the Brussels Institute of Sociology. He has the instinct of mechanics and an intelligent curiosity in trados and indus tries, and we hear of him as digging coal Tio.ni' Liege and driving a, train from Osteud to Brussels, studying Hie system in* the, great factories that are flooding Europe with Belgian goods mid' making soberly olVoctlvo speeches oil one constant text: 'Belgium's trade must expand; to expand properly' aur niimut'acturors and 'business man must not bo afraid of using tlio most modern scien tific discoveries,' lie seems to bo Belgium uiik'I — ii groat sign of sanity in a King nf the Belgians. .Mis small country, with Ivs few millions and its inirnenso .activity niwl originality and prosperity, has boon his only schools, and seems to bo his ii'll-ovoi'' whelming Interest, That* Is a good sort of a king for a country tn have, if only be cause kings set the fashions in those thing', and it will be continuously a. Belgian point, of honour 1o bo working for tho national honour as well as fnr wolf or polf. A whole national spirit, for weakness or for strength, is made 'by dominant fashions ni! this order: Belgium, which in its poncftil wnys li-is already astonished the world, will not bo tho leshi energetic mid fortilo In tho fuiuro for huvl ii K AUUl&lklUW; W^. W Hii tu tin n nl ; 'Mom ft b.o - gwrie, II or of J u - u h- trial progt'osHnWw^^^ 