THE WORK IN THE HOMELAND. A SKETCH OF THE HOME MISSION MEETING. By X.Y.Z. Everyone agrees that the Home Mis sion Meeting is the most popular of all the Conference demonstrations'. At- all events, the immense, crowd which filled tlie Lyceum Hall right up to the very ?skyline, Avas plentiful evidence of the popularity of tins annual gathering — the fifty-first of its kind. The enterprise or. the secretariat was shown in the well-arranged programme, and the three considerations thereon for thought and reflection by the waiting audience. These three consideration wore, planned to strike the keynote — before the meeting had actually begun. The first was THINK — (1) ' Of the needs 01* your fellow-countrymen, who are far away from ministries of salvation-, and living in practical heathenism. (2)Of the brave pioneer settlers who are not able to procure or maintain the ordinances of the Church tliey, love. (3) Of the ?children growing up without any oppor tunity of Sunday School or knowledge of tlieir-. Best Friend. PRAY'. — (1) For the .Ministers and Missionaries,— 'the boundary-riders of the Church,' and your own representa tives — who have the. lonely life and dis couraging toil of tlie backblocks. (2) For your brother and sister Methodists, whose calling and enterprise have taken them to the frontiers of new settlements, and who are building up. the strength of true nationhood in remote places. (3) For the people who are 'scattered like sheep liaving 110 shepherd '?'—'benighted ? in this land of light.' N.B. — Help to answer your pravers, . and GIVE (1) As God lias' prospered you. (2) To the collections/to-night*:7'^) A promise of a subscription to be paid before 31st December next. , If, however,, some had failed to catch the.' keynote' in , the ' above, it ''surely could not ha'ye'been missed in the open ing, hymn (764), sung to grand old Pentecost, praying' God to send forth ' Ilis heralds where-r- ' V 'I11 peopled vale, in lonely glen, . I11 crowded mart, by stream or sea, ? How many of the sons of men Hear not the message sent from Thee.' The strains of Holy Song then gave place to solemn hush, as the Rev. J. Penman^ voiced 'the united plea of the vast ;nc!i cnce before the Throne of God and of the Lamb. ' Mr. Thomas Bembrick, of Grenfell, made an excellent chairman, and liis ?. appointment, to -that position was most appropriate. He introduced himself as Mr. Wayback, from Sunset, and posses sing a clear and penetrating voice — to- gether with a naturally genial manner— ?soon commanded attention. His special: plea was for more liberal ?support by - the Methodist public, of the forward movements of the Church. The Methodist people ought to be able to give. The Methodists are amongst the wealthiest in the State. They own the most .up-to-date farms, and are among the best business men in the community.. 'Tliey are a temperance people and drink less whisky. And in visiting the goal at Darlinghurst, he found that- so few Me thodists frequented that place, that there 'had been no necessity for a chapel — what ?services, were held, being conducted in a small room! Methodists excel every where, but in giving, they fall short. They gave 9d. per head less to-day, than 50 years ago. The servant' maid often gives ?) ?quite as much as the employer, which surely shows disparity somewhere. Shouldn't we have more sermons on this subject, till Ave learn to give, 'up to the point at which. 'it hurts.' The Rca*. Jas. 'Woolnough, a man whose service to Methodism in this State is beyond estimating, then presented the annual report. It contained many fig ures and numerous details, all of which spelt swift aggression; clever fiancing; and ceaseless secretarial work. He ap pealed for bequests to augment the Loan Fund. These funds liberated churches from debt, and so freed the ministers for their high spiritual service. They asked for £200 in the collection that night, to bring six Home- Missionaries from England. The Rev. Frederick Colwell, always popular A\\-ith a Methodist audience, sruek a sympathetic note in the hearts of the great assembly Avlien he referred to the groat and far-seeing men aa'Iio had built up this Home Mission and Susten tation Society. The honoured names of Drs. Lane and Sellors, and the Rev. jas. Woolnough, evoked applause. In view of the speedy increase in the population of our country, and the inflowing tide of immigration, great demands were being made upon the Society. The last 25 years had seen the population of the. State doubled. The growth and expan sion of ..Methodism must keep pace with the times, and the Church needed their help to meet the larger d(emands. The Home Mission Secretary,; the Rev. Joseph Vvoodhoiise, is one of the most ?popular .members of the* .Conference. He was introduced by the chairman as being not oniy a 'big gun,' but a sort of ' ' long Tom. ' ' Mr. Woodhouse said that in his 'journeyings oft,' compassing large : parts of the . State, lie had been amazed at' the material . prosperity and possibilities of the country. He was astonished; at- the greatness -of our ' op: portunity. The crying heeds of the coun try. for our, ministrations, ;and the inade quacy of our forces were an immense burden upon him — a burden in which the Methodist people should intelligently share. He pleaded most earnestly for more men, and for more money to ad vance tlie work. - It, was,''h owevbr, ' tlie 'young man ;. from : the backblocks ' ' whom the vast majority Avere awaiting to hear. And- the coveted honor Avas most happily and. deservedl(y bestowed upon the, Eev. Eiddefo'rd C, Oakley, of Tocumwal-Berrigan, aiid he 'struck twelve.' Havirig indulged in some pleasantries, and l.ovally defended the importance of his district, of which some seemed un aware, he gaA'e to a delighted audience, an account of some of the experiences peculiar to the minister 'out-back.' He had travelled long distances, for congre gations exceedingly small, but none the less ;appreciatiA'e: Incidental to the travelling were many experiences. I* ru- in stance, he had been caught in a red dust storm. In those storms is becomes almost dark — and the fowls go to roost! ?Tumping out of his sulky he went to the horse's head till it had gone by. : He was covered with red, his clothes were red — and he 'got his head red' (read)! Meeting a. friend 011 the ,road one A'ery hot day, they went in search of water. After a while they discoArered a water hole, about 3ft. deep, and almost as 1 thick! ; 'Then the audiences of the '.out-back' preacher haAre a. peculiar character of their oavii. He had preached in a place Avliere the larger part of the congrega aion were foAvls! A cockatoo attacked him in one ser vice and began biting his shoe. Soon it got to his toe, and he vigorously kicked it to the other end of the room, Avhen, the ruffled bird called out: 'Hullo, Jack!' Avhile his audience indulged in more than a smile. He had preached to a hundred rough shearers in a shed, and these men had asked for the hymn, 'Jesus loves mo, this I knoAV. ' Another man soon after had gone among these men, and a paper bag of flour was hurl ed at him — and broke. The shock was so great that he turned Avliite all over!! The reAvards of the outback preacher were peculiar to the work. A trip of 83 miles, with S/6 expenses, and tAvo days tramp around to Avork up a congre gation resulted in a collection of 3/-. But there Avere real rewards, and these Avere frndly cherished in his heart. The needs of the back country Avere great. The drink evil luieAv neither lati tude nor longtitude it seemed. . But wherever Methodism Avent, the fight 'against: -drink was'-'inaintained; Then- ig norance had to be combated. He ahvays got the children to sing a hymn when giving; religious instruction at the public schools. One child asked for the hymn, 'Mary had a little lamb! ' . . A girl A'isited friends who Avere not eating meat as it was Good Friday. It had to be explained to her what the meaning of Good Friday was. On return ing home he said; 'they were off moat, doAvn there, because some bloke avus killed to- day.' She did not know any thing' about Jesus. The back country needed the evange listic note. The Church Avas maintaining her distinctive mission- A Danish gentle. ? man had perceived 'that when he rs'Oti - mended Methodism in AA'ords like these — 'You Avill like the Methodists, they are always -fighting 0Arer something, and they are as lively as a bag of fleas.' Says another—'! don't knoAV much about the difference betAveeii the A-arious churches, but I always think the Methodists 'preach more to the point.' ' But the Evengelistic note needed to bowbacked up Avitli the peund no'X. He had seen a bank-note with these Avords on the back: 'The best of friends' must part.' Let them remember 'God loveth a cheerful (hilarious) giA-er. ' The Ministerial Choir sang very pleas ingly, and under the baton of Rev. G. 0. Cocks, rendered a number of cho ruses, one of Avhicli included a solo-part by the Rev. J. E. Monlton, B.A. The pianist Avas ReA\ C. Walkden-Brown, and the Rca\ F. C. Boyer presided at the organ. 