TELEGRAMS. [REUTER'S TELESRA ce.) Saturday. The Newcastle liner Cavinrona, bound for America with 900 Russians and Armenians aboard, when of Beachy Head, on the Sussex coast discovered that its coal bunkers were on fire. An explosion blew the hatch to pieoes, injuring 20. A panic fol. lowed, in whicb many men attempted to rush the women's boats. The crew took determined measures and prevented a disaster. They knocked men down right and left and finally all were transferred to other steamere Lord Kitchener, at San Francisco, expressed the desire to be treated as a private citizen during his stay in Am ericA..... - .. . _- - Sir James Reid denies the state ment that King Edward has been uffetring from influenza. Amid exci'ted uproar in the House of Commens the first veto resolnuton was carried by $30 votes.to 247. Perth reports that £20110 worth of the. Pericles' cargo, mostly butter, baa been recovered in good condition. Monday. Fighting between the Turkish troops and Albanians at Prishtine has recommenced. The Turkish losses are reported as 200 killed ans wounded. . The Federation of Master Cotton Spinners at Manchester declared in favor of a five per cent. reduction of wages. :A crisis is feared, The Masteir of Elibank, speaking at Meuche?ter, said that a crisis would arise from the hour when:the Government were notified of the Lords' rejection of the veto resolu tion. Lord Kitchener was the gu'est of Admiral :ebree at San Francisco and was toasted' as " the greatest living general of to-day." After two days' discussion in tie Toronto Pa'rliament, a Bill making ho, kmakine illegal was defeated b: 78 votes to, 77. The Commonwealth destroyer Yarra was successfully launched. Mrs Moore, wife of the Westralian Premier, christened the vessel. The Onmmis.ioners of Onstoma prosecuted Ellis Kislinghnry & Co. for imuorsing by the Omrah 33 cwt. of Victorian 'hatter containing 18.2 per cent, of water, Defendants pleaded that the Goverment's certifi cates did not mention excess of water. They regarded the certificates practiu ally as Government guarantees. The magistrate of the rower Bridge, i', mposing a fine of forty shilling4 aid-"The ' people who inspected he batter before shipment ought to be befoe me." Sir George H. Reid, High Coin misseioner, speaking at the lannching of the Yarrn;, said thatthet people of Australia had no intention of military r naval adventure. They would be far more delighted if their warships were scrapped without firing a shot in anger. - ' The Omrabh has arrived in Adelaide. Schild, aged 6, died during the voyage from meningitis, The vessel usegranted pratique. Eight persons : were drowned hrough a: boat capsizing in the Wanganni River, New Zealand. Mtr 'aft in a mese?ge a-ks Con gress for an appropriation to investi gate the cause of cancer in fihes, hoping it may throw light on human cancer. \- Tuesday. Premier Briand, .presiding at a banquet of a thousand con?titumnts at Saint Chamond, otfolled the Soeialist. Radical majorities' pro. gramme. Two hundred Collectivist. Socialista ortgide 'mashed the windows and camne into violent con ilict with the police. The mobh atoned Briand and his supporterv when qoitting the hal. Briaid wao unhurt. Despite bitter wind and ?elet, 50,000 Socioliets paraded the street? .f Berlin and demonstrated in parts in favor of direct secret s?ffhge. 'They kept perfeot order. The Supreme Conrt at CapeTown acquitted Mojor MacLean of murder. log his daughter's fiancee named Barone. The evidence showed that Barone was a married man, card. harper and betrayer of women. Burns and Lang fought in the Sydney Stadum, with 17,000 present. It was a good contest. the full 20 rounds w re fought. Barns won on points. VI'[Intseh acted'as referee. The decision was loudly hooted. Later. SLady Dudley is now out of doors and hopes son to ?ail for Ais ra is. The Westminster Gazette congratulates New Zealand on the appointment of Sir John Dickson Poyvd, r as Gover nor, He is said to be politic, has a hliking or ind- pendent rnouht at d hs show, a capacity for hard work as a soldier, commoner, county councillor and land owner. Iis temperament should appeal t practical colonisls. The Prlshtina rebels have dispersed and the chiefs will submit to- day. rhe preservatlon of the Aiold Brig of Ayr, made famoui by Burn, has been completed at a coot of £t11,000. Only 500 reservists continue to strike in Masseiiles. hr O'Brien declares that he will meet Slir Lloyd George's astoundiog drenial of his tatreme.t. t. Cork on the floor of the Hcuse of Commons. several Irish questions were asked respeeivo the Paroeluism irime articles which Sir Robert Auonerson admited having written when in ihe Croan's employment. Mr isquith replioi that be Could not use lanruave suffiienily strong to condemn the breaehl ot official dnty in supolyts- the i5meS wibth con fidential dnucuments but tree aff.ir was to remote that te declined to re.open it. The Danish Minister in Great Britain explained to Mr Cooehln, Agent.General for New Sosth Wales, that the warning to immigrants goiig tno t?yde- *?a made on what he Constridered to be suffielent authority. Ihe Daoiah Consuis in Aus tralia were instructed to report and it he statements were taund to be untrue or exaggerated the Danish office would issue the necesas.ry coarectiot. There were 20 anti.veto aimoostrations in Devonshire on tfaturdas. Lord Amphill, speaking at Bedfor., said toat the Government was in the hands of on scripulous adventurers-demago Oes so puffed up with pride of place that they rere willing to put the Coostitution into the melting pot and play the devil with the finances in order to throw the result. ing chat. on the Lord.. The Oresovae, which arrived at Fre mantle from Adelaide this morning, repots that the Pericles i breaking n?p fast, judging from' thls articles on the water near Cape Leenwin. 