DISPARAGING AUSTRALIA. Count Morner's campaign against the good name of Australia in ills own country of Sweden appears to have extended also to the neighboring country of Denmark. It is, at any rate, a fair inference that the warn- ing issued by the -vanish Minister of Foreign Affairs urging Dunes in search' of employ ment to keep away from Australia was jdue to Count Morner's thoroughly unjustifiable reports upon Australia, published in the Swedish pr«s. Happily, the erroneous state ment which the Danish Minister has circu lated, to the effect that "the difficulties for euiigruuts to subsist in Australia bave largely increased," lias been most effectively con tradicted, as far as New South' e Wales is concerned, by an official message sent for publication in the British press by the Pre mier. Mr. Wade's detailed statement, giv ing' facts and figures, may not reach the Individual Swedes and Danes who have been dissuaded from coming to Australia owing to Count Morner's action, but it should at least open the eyes of Uie officials as to the value of the reports sent in by him. rtA««K41noo ttin Cwarllcli o TVinlcVt nnvapn. ments dislike scclug the young men of those countries 'emigrating to other lands in order to improve their econgmic condition under a foreign flag. Count Moruer, in addressing the Sweedlsh Club in Melbourne, on Friday even ing last, is reported to have said that, some yenrs'ago, he told the Premier of New South Wales and Dr. Arthur, M.L.A., that'he would be forced to resist any effort to bring more people from his country. He added that "Sweden could support millions more than It hud and it was suffering from emigration." These remarks so clearly indicate a hostile bias- that it is unnecessary to elaborate that aspect further. Count Morner has >iim«»if supplied evidence that several years ago he made up his mind to oppose the emigration of Swedes in what he conceived to be the interests of Sweden. That was a perfectly legitimate position to take ,up. But to mis represent the resources and the opportunities which Australia offers t«r immigrants in or der to prevent his fellow-countrymen from coming here, is another thing.' The situation is analogous .to that which prevails in tho commercial world. A merchant may extol his own wares as much ns he likes, but he must not disparage nor misrepresent the value of the wares of his rivals. Count Morner is, of course, entitled to extol the advantages of ' Swedeijjas a conn- try where a poor man may hope to get rich. But he is not entitled to misrepresent and depreciate tlie advantages which Australia offers to the same customer in search of in dependence. - 