THE DEBATE. INSPECTION OF PRODUCE. After preliminary business in tlie House of Representatives yesterday tlie debate on the motion by Mr. Atkinson (T.) that tlie Commonwealth should .forthwith fake over tlie inspection and effective control of pro duce passing from State to State was i-e- \- Mr. Sinclair (Q.) submitted un amend ment favoring tlie appointment of a -select committee, with a representative from each State, to inquire into the best means of inspection and effective control of produce passing from State to State, and also as to the most suitable means of inspecting, grading and marking produce for export. He said that tlie present system of inspect ing fruit passing ' from one State to an other was expensive, increasiug the price to the consumer without benefiting tlie pro ducer in tiny way . He eritieised reports which had been prepared oil the question of tlie meat and butter export trade by .Mr. Lockyer, assistant controller-general ; of customs, and said lie thought thut gentle- mun had been asked to do more than lie wus capable of successfully accomplishing. Mr. Lockyer had reported thnt "compul sory grading of butter was in favor of ail that was -best in the industry." Denmark was the most successful dairying country in tlie world, ana grading of butter for export wus not known there. The Minister of Customs: They don't let any butter go out without a Government stamp, do they? ill-. Sinclair said that they did. Tlie Danish authorities had a system of inspec tion which was directed towards educat ing those in tlie industry in the best me- thods o: manufacture. He did not object to grading but to grade marking. Tlie Minister of Customs arid he would have to oppose t'-he amendment. As to tllie motion, fit had -promised Mr. Atkinson that he would communicate with the State 'Minister.! of Agriculture to see if uniformity of action eoutd be obtained, or at any race more harmonious relations 'brought about than apparently existed at the .-present time. Cases Iliad recently been cited to trim ot excessive charges. In re gard to a shipment of up-pies, inspection cliarges bad been enforced to iliic extent of £100, whereas the amount, it was con tended. should not bave been more thun £10. If the facts were as stated there had 'been a breach of the constitution, which praetieally .provided against inspection barriers being raised by the States. Ho was confident t'here were no insjieetion charges under tbe Commerce Act. Mr. Sinclair: I 'have paid litem. The Minister of Customs: The money must have gone to the States and not -to the Commonwealth. He hud no intention of altering the percentage of butter fat . from 82, and tbe .percentage or moisture would not be below 15. -With regard to grade marking, lie pointed oat that in a review of the iast four seasons it was shown that liiie average price of Australian butter -was 108/10 per civt., against 112/3 obtained for butter from Now Zealand, where grade marking wus compulsory. At one rime Australian butter Obtained a higher ipriee than New Zealand. Mr. Greene (N.S.W.) : There is a very good reason for that. Tlie 'Minister of Customs said tlie matter was very complicated. One clement was that producers were not always credited with tbe total amount of butter they manufactured- He had seen it stated in tlie New South Wales "Agricultural Ga zette" that while the output of certain fac tories was 2000 lb. tlie producers were credited with only 1850 lb. He did riot sug gest that there had been swindling, but -tlie statement, ho -made appeared in a Government publication. it was an interesting fact tbat in New Zealand, -where grading existed, tho producers received top prices for 95 per cent, of their butter. Australia, according to the figures .in the department, did not receive top price for more than 40 per cent. On the ques tion of grade stamping, lie thought the op position to that proposul was very illogi cal. (Hear, hear.) It was agreed that pustry butter should not go out unstamped. If they were to mark the worst, tliey should mark tliejiest. U'leur, bear.) Nuw, Victoria, as tlie result of grading her np- pies, was able to get, on an average, 2/ per case more than 'l'asinaniu. which exported 500.000 eases, as against Victoria's 200,000 cases. That certainly was an argument for grading. If Ta-smaniaii producers had last year got- another 1,000,000 shillings for their apples it would have been good for thut State. ( Hear, bear.) Returning to the butter question, lie could not understand -the position of men who insisted on grad ing for the cream delivered by tlie farmers to the factories, yet opposed grading for butter. (Hear, hear.) If one was bail, so was the other. (Hear, hear.) He must oppose the appointment of a committee, ba it meant, amongst other things, that the Commerce Act regulations would be hung ' up till the committee reported. Alembcrs must realise that he intended to take satis factory action in certain directions. Mr. Sinclair: But no radical alterations were intended? The Alinistcr of Customs: If it were de cided to grade stamp, that would be' a radical alteration. (Hear, hear.) He in tended at the curliest opportunity to make inquiries as to States inspection cliarges f in this and previous seasons. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Greene' sjioke at length on the virtues and demerits of grading, and the advantages to the producers of selling huWer on the prices secured in London, as against the New Zealand spot sales 'system. He said that, the whole of the co-operative butter movement was opposed to grade- marking. Air. Sampson (V.) said the Common wealth should take the control of the whole of tlie export trade of Australia. (Hear, hear.) The Government should have its own officers for tho work. (Hear, hear.) Air. Fowler (W.A.) secured' the adjourn ment of the. debate. CIVIL AND DEFENCE PENSIONS. Air. AV. E. Johnson (N.S.W) moved — That tills flouee is of opinion that a pension system should be fortliwiili initiated in tlie de fence. and civil services u( the Commonwealth. It- was the .duty of -tlie- Commonwealth, he" said, to initiate a Superannuation Fund for the .members of the national services. The scheme might follow -the lines ot u praiseworthy plan already outlined by tlie OoinnionveiriUi (Central Stuffs) Public Service -Vssociatioii, wltieli provided for graduated contributions by. the officers, as well as a grant by the taxpayer. The .sug gested annual contribution by the Govern-' merit was 3 per cent, of tlie salary of tlie officer. A .Ministerialist: That means about £56,009 a yeur. Mr. Kelly (N.S.W.) seconded the mo tion. . Air. Page (Q.) : Why doesn't the Govern ment say what it is going to do? (Heur, hear.) Air. Kelly understood the Alinister pre ferred to speuk later, after consulting the Cabinet. Mr- Frazer (W.A.): A previous Parlia ment toseed out deliberately the idea of civil service pensions. ' (ileal-, hear.) Mr. I 'age: .Many of those who then voted are not here now. (Hear, bear.) Air. Kelly -hoped- -the Government intend ed to deal with tlie problem, especially in relation to naval and -military officers. (Hear, .hear.) Mr. Page moved the adjournment of tlie debute. COLORED STEPFATHERS AND WHITE STEPCHILDREN. Air. Fowler moved— That lie have leave to bring a bill for an act to prevent children and aboriginal natives Iroiii being improperly taken out ot Australia. This measure was not intended, he said, to interfere with tlie riglrts of white parents ns regards -their children. At present, how ever, it 'Was possible for un -Asiutie. -who had -married a white widow with wliite children by u former husband to take. Iris white stepchildren out of Australia to un Asiatic country, and bring tliem up under Asiatic conditions. It was tlie duty of the Australian Parliament to avert such a i.-ite from Australian children. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. Groom (Q.) seconded; the Hon. Alin ister (Air. C. Frazer) offered no objections on behalf of tlie Government at the present stage; und the House gave leave for the in troduction of tiie bill. DEPORTATION OF CRIMINALS. Mr. Fowler obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend tlie Immigration Restriction Act 1901-1908. so as tc give iiicreaed power to the Alinister for External Affairs to de port criminals. GRIEVANCES. After tile luncheon adjournment the House considered "grievances" on the motion "thut the Speaker do leave tiie chair." Mr. Calts (N.S.W.) said there was evi dence that various kinds of pressure had been -brought upon newspupei-s to prevent them supporting Labor members. People running metropolitan newspapers had been threatened that tlie shipping and wool ad vertisements would lie withdrawn if they sup ported labor. A Alinisterialist: It did not frighten "Tlie Age ' miicti. . Another Alinisterialist: "The Age is now stronger than ever. The Alinister for Home Affairs: Its circu lation. lias gone np 59,000 or so since the election. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Gitts claimed that Federal Govern ment employes should be permitted to re gister under the Arbitration Court and have their grievances settled by a tribunal outside Parliament which was not aJble to deal with -the complexities of the lot of an army of servants like this _ .Sir William -Lyne (N.S.W.): I think Par liament is tlie proper tribunal. Air. Frazer: Absolutely incapable ot deal ing witli tbe details. Sir -William -Lyne: Don't talk nonsense. Air. Frazer: I repeat Parliament cannot go into the details. AL-. Catts said the .'Postal department at present was seething with discontent. Par liament lost thousands, according to one authority, while civil servants talked to politicians about their grievances. , Mr. Cook (N.S.W.) : Nice thing to say that the men lonf during work time talking over their grievances! Parliament losing thousands of pounds! . Mr. Catts objected to Ins words being twisted. He did not say the men loafed.' lie was quoting, n gentleman of experience. A registered industrial organisation for civil '. servants would enable their grievances to lie referral' to some independent authority. After Air. Cook had - protested ngniml Air. Catts, a Alinisterial supporter, wasting an horn- and a half -of valuable time, thu motion was -formally negatived. . .. The House at 10.31 p.m. adjourned : till 10.30 u.in. to-day. . 