: - "... SUMMARY. . '. ... .Si- 9. .. Tho King la suffering Irom a aovcro bronchial - attack, and has been confined to his room. Hi3 . condition causes somo anxloty. - Physicians are in attendance on his Majesty, ' with whom tho Prince of Wales lias spent tho . Vv larger part of tho past few days, and .Queen ' ; . Alexandra has' returned to London. ' . ' ; Although the doctors urged the King to re main in his room on Thprsday, ho insistod upon ' giving an audience to Lord Islington and Major IT. D. Hobinson. ' ; ; ! It appears that, recent wet, foggy weather in- ! torfercd with tho King's Improved health alter his sojourn at Biarritz. Lord Curzon declares that tho country has- been shocked at the manner in which tho Cro.wn has been brought: into" the 'pravailing political , controversy." :r ........ . . , Lowl Curzon suggests - that flvp .Liberals and flvo Conservatives, with an impartial chairman, should sit , in. private, for six months, and draft a new constitution. . Tho Under-Secretary for tho-ColonlcB has de nounced- the attempt to liken the . fato of tho . monarchy to that .of the Houso of Lords,, adding that tho King hu3 the full support of all parties. An explosion ot "blackdhmp" Has' been re- , sponsible, it Is feared, for tho death' ot 185 men in the Palos 'mine, Alabama, U.S.A. A clerk Who was 100 yards away from tho mouth of the mine was killed instnntly. Only throe bodies have, so far, been recovered from the mine. The Ottawa correspondent of the "Daily Mail" , reports that reciprocity negotiations between. Canada and the United States aro impossible beforo October.. It is reportod 'tliat a deadlock has arisen in- connection with tho Johnson- Jeffrios fight, each objecting to tho referee nominated by the other. ' Rubber shares, which fell sharply a few days ago iu London, lidvc now revived, and substan- tlal advances have been made in many eases. Isaac Corloon, a' passenger for London on tho R.M.S. Orsova, which loft Sydney on March ®, ' committed suicida in the Mediterranean Sea. The Turkish Chamber it Deputies has, by 132 votes to 47, expressed confidence in the Govern ment's action in Albania. Archbishop Bourne announces that, thanks to tho generosity of the Catholics .tho world, over, Westminster Cathedral is free, of debt. Tho Solicitor-General' stated yesterday that tho question of releasing tho strike leaders would bo considered in the usual way, adding that discrimination would havo to be used. Replying to tho many complaints made re-, cently regarding tho faulty carriage of fruit, the Railway authorities stnlo. that tboro had been exaggeration. . . | , The commission appointing Dr. Cullen Lieut.- . Governor of New South Wales lias been re ceived, and was yesterday published. in a special issue of the "Government Gazette." The Postmaster-General is strongly in favor of imposing a system of toll tclcphono rates,, and may take tho matter to tho Cabinet. The N.S.W. gold returns for April represented 12,27ioz. fine, value £52,149, as compared with 19,0S3oz., value £S1,058, in tlio same month last year. The Federal' Parliament, will meet.' for the I despatch of business on. July 1. The Houso will, be asked to pass tho Supply. votoT at oacc, A dispute has arisen between the Canterbury (N.Z.) sheep-owners and shearers,:' thd' :foriner' . having applied to the Conciliation Board for a reduction In the rato of pay. t W. W. J. Jauncey, formerly .manager ot.the - .. ... Dorrigo branch of tho Bank of Now South Wales - i was' committed for trial on charges of stealing' > J involving largo sums of money., . 7 . jfr. W. B.Raymon'd. .reports . that during:. tlio'; week ended -May 5' throe earthquakes word re corded on the instrument at: tho. Sydney Obs'er-- vntory. ... No definite selection of a site for the proposed. naval college will bo made until after tho' ar-' rival of Colonel Bridges,' who lias been recalled from London. The Presbyterian Assembly yesterday ap pointed a committed; to: investigate, tho alleged' ' inharmdnious. state of affairs in, tho Cootamun-' dra congregation; >' . .' - , - : ''. V Tho Maori footballers to visit-Australia: under, tho auspices of the Rugby Unioii constitute a' powerful side, and include two1 of the original "All Blacks." . From December 1, 1909, to April 30 last, 4,405,703 bags of wheat were despatched to tho' various rajlway stations in tho State. Tho amount stacked was 1,795,008 bags. , TJio formal appointment of Colonel Kirkpat- rick as Inspoetor-Coneral of the Military Forces was made yesterday by the Federal Executive. He is to receivo £1500 a year, : The barque Loch Katrine; bound from Glasgow via Melbourne to Sydnoy,. is. reported dismasted off tlid coast. Some of thd crbw havo been, pick-, cd up. ; ' Mr. S. T. Davoren, tho Labor candidate was yesterday elected to the City Council for tho Cook Ward, in place of tlie lato Mr. E. W. O'Sul- livan, by a majority of 54. He polled 485 votes. . Messrs. Huddart Parker's now steamer Zca- landia, intended for tho New Zealand trade, has sailed from London for Australia. The West Australian Government steamer, Penguin has abandoned the search for tho un charted rock on which the steamer Pericles was. wrecked owing to bad weather. Three outbreaks ot lire were caused by light ning at Marrickvillo on Thursday night.: Ono building and a quantity of flax wero severely damaged. The flagship Powerful, accompanied by H.M.S;' Challenger, arrived at Fremantle yesterday morning and exchanged salutes with tho Jap- ancso warships. Tho widening of Macquario-strect is to bo started at the end of this month or early in - June. Tho work should bo complotcd about Oc tober next. Tho cable steamer Patrol, which has been re-, pairing tho Tasmanian and Now Zealand cable,, is expected at Sydney on Monday next for dock- ing. Mr. Josiah Thomas, P.M.G., states that for tho success ot tho immigration movement tho Stntes might mako somo reciprocal arrangement re garding newcomers moving over tho border. . No tidings havo yet been received of the over—' duo Danish barque Prtnsseso Marie, bound from Antofagasta via Sydney. Heads to Streaky -Bay, South Australia. . . Lady Morvyth Ward presented two flags— the' King's colors and the league flag — to the Peter sham troop of tho Boy Scouts, in the Town- hall last night. Business was generally quiet in tho Sussex- street produce markets yesterduy. Chaff had fair attention, whilo oats continued very firm. Dairy lines sold well. Tho leading copper ventures woro a shado firmer on the Sydney Stock ; Exchange yester day, and silver nlso' showed sin improvement In all lines. Tongkah tin shares receded, The London inonoy market is decidedly easier ' . tills' week, tho discount rate, haying dropped nearly three- quarters per cent. , On the, other band the London Stock Exchange is' better. \ , .'The London metal markets, havo ruled: de-: pressed. Tin. is about. 15s lower, ou thq :weok,: copper 10s, and lead 5s fid.' .Pig Iron has also receded. Tho best feature of tho week In Australian produce in London has, boen the .continued strength of the wool market.; /At. Bradford tops are generally a half penny " higher. Tho London market for Australian, butter has fallen 4s. It is reported that' a. good, deal ot the shipments now arriving are, inferior/. . V"' . " Boisterous conditions prevailed , /along coast yesterday. The wind lit jervis Bay , reached the force ot a gale from south to south'J':;; west. Other stations also reported gales. Light to heavy raia, accompanied in some in stances by thunderstorms, has fallen on the coast between Ulladulla and Port Macquarie, aud light showers in the extrcmo'N.E. aqd S.E. To-day's forecast: "Showery.. on tho' coast,' .7, with squally southerly winds; fine inland, wlth'ii%j|| . northerly winds, for the present.', 