FILLING UP AUSTRALIA. . VISIT OF SCOTTISH AGRICUL- . TURAL COMJIISSION. Sir T. Carlaw Martin, L.L.D. (editor of the Dundee "Advertiser")! is now in the Commonwealth as the forerunner of a party of 12 members of tho Scottish Agricultural Commission, who were deputed to ascortain the scope which Australia offers for agricul tural immigrants from "Bonnie Scotland." The rest of the party arc presently to arrive, and as their mission is fraught' with consid erable significance, the following remarks made by Sir Cnrlaw Martin, during the course of a newspaper interview, will be read with general interest. PERSONNEL OF THE COMMISSION. "Iii the main the commission is com posed of practical farmers, along with two gentlemen from the agricultural colleges of Scotland, and the whole twelve are more or less connected with the land. Some of them may claim to bo experts in their particular subjects, and one of the party is a recog nised authority cm Ayrshire cattle. Others are particularly well acquainted with sheep farming. Indeed, the commission is repre sentative of all forms of ugriculture, and may lie said to have special experience for their investigation in Australia, as they have been selected from a larger body which visited Denmark in 190-1, Ireland in 190G, and Canada in 1908, and nublishcd reports which have beeii widely circulated, and have been regarded as agricultural documents of some importance. The gentlemen who will join me about''.--the end of this month, in Brisbane, whore .wo will commence our tour of nil the States, are:~Sir John Sinclair, of Barroeh House, AVick, a cousin of Lord Pentland, Secretary of State for Scotland; Dr. Shirra Gibb. of Lauder, Berwickshire: Dr. Wilson, of St..-"•Andrews, Fife; and Messrs. W. Barber^ M.A.. of Tererran, Dum fries: K. E. Morrison, M.A., of Bonnytoun, Fife; James Dunlop, of Hall House, Ayr shire; W. Henderson, of Lewton, Perth shire^: A. M. Prain, of Errol. Perthshire; J. Keith, of Udny, Aberdeenshire: R.. M. Oreis, of Aberdeen: and McHutclien, of Dohbie. Dalkeith. Midlothian. Most of tho members are making their first trip to Aus tralia. AVe have accepted the invitation of the Federal Government, whoso object, no doubt, is to strengthen the stream of immi grants towards this part of the British Em pire. I shall spend about ten days in Mel bourne. and be in communication with tho Minister of External affairs (Hon. E. L. Batclielor)." . AN ONEROUS TASK. Questioned as to the class of immigrants Scotland could send to Australia, Sir Car law remarked that tliey would probably be men of the rural type, trained on tlio land, and accustomed to open-air life and avoca tions. "I can say for the whole of my colleagues," ho continued, "thai the trip is undertaken in a very serious spirit. AVo shall make our investigations as conscien tious, careful, and comprehensive as the time at our disposal. 31 months, will allow, hut we do not suppose for a moment tliat our conclusions as to the resources and con ditions of life in Australia will have covered the whole area of the subject. Our report will probably bo a document of about 200 pages. It will be published in Scotland on. our return, and will represent our indepen dent and unbiassed judgment, and copies will be forwarded to the Federal Uover.i ment. ~ The members of the nurty have im portant interests in'/- Scotland : which they would.1 not leave for seven months if they did not feel that thev were doing a national work calculated to develop the resources of the Empire, and add to its stability and greatness." RESULTS OF PREVIOUS TOURS. In reply to. a further question. Sir Car law said "There is no doubt that our Dan ish report had considerable effect in Scotland ill extending a knowledge of a system of farm ing in which the co-operative principle has been applied with extraordinary success. The Irish report has had something of tho same result, as agricultural development in Ireland of late has gono in the direction of associated effort in the working up and mar keting of dairy products. AVe have reason to'belibv'e that tlio Canadian report lias beon of much servico both in Groat Britain and Canada—in Great Britain for the informa tion it conveyed as to the' magnificent agri cultural colleges of the Dominion, and the part played by the Government in assisting the farmer, and, as regards Canada, in im nnrtiug to intending immigrants the kind of knowledge required at the outset of a now career. These reports are supplemented by illustrated lectures, tho demand for which has been very, great in all parts of Scotland. We realise that an island population must have its own overflow, and that'it is im portant to direct that overflow towards the oversea Dominions of tho Empire, because tho moro peoole .vou have the more power ful 'vou can become as a factor in the de fence of the Empire." 