GENERAL SUMMARY. Gautonese boycutt Yankee goods. Chartton has been sent to a juuatic asylum. • " : 1.0 Mere appears to be fascinated with Crippen. ; * • . 'me Federal Opposition, fear a split at Kooyoug. - . . . • • Itussia relinquishes privileges in, Mnuchuria. . " . I An aeroplane.carncs three passengers at .Mourmelon. -'•■:■• •"■-,•"-■. • .Strikers, it is alleged, : burnt-30 rail way cars at.Winnipeg.. ■ - ■■ ; Sir. M'lntosh on behalf of Jl'Leod; has challenged Johnson. - . * ~; Citizens of -Madrid criticise the ab sence from Spain of the King. ' Two hundred fisherrhen were drowned in a typhoon in a Siberian river. • : By SiS votes tb.ls rural workers were included in the Arbitration Bill. : The girl with Crippen professes to know notliing of his wife's death. No time has been lost .by Cnppeu s friends in providing for his defence. The Australian cadets now toiinng 'Kii?land have arrived at Portsmouth. The King and Queen of Spam have, arrived in London on a private I, e Neve says that she Fnspected Crippen'when he made her don boy's clothes' ' - ■-- ' Hie half-mile. swimmmg champ Ki nship of, England was won by" Beaure paire. Germany and France claim compen sation from China owing to rioting in Changsha . I'laying for Kent against Jliddlesex, .lames bej-mour, the professional, put together l'J3. luspecor Uews denies the reports that Jrippen has coufessed to having mur dered his wife. A league in England advocating bor rowing i-100,000,U00 for the navy is gaining strength. ■•■■■■ Auti betting legislation has caused j all the race tracks in the State of New i'ork to be closed Signalman Bull. Richmond, nlleges that Signalman M "Donald's (South Yar ra) book is false. . Mr. Elwood Mead is on a visit to Deii inark to induce Danish farmers to mi grate to Australia. •'lt is all •bunkum' to say mistakes havo not been made at South Yarra" states Signalman Dull. For Lancashire against Yorkshire, the unaUMir, A. F. Spooner, played a very <iue innings of 200 not out. Gilpin, a new Sussex player, has dis tinguished himself by a score of 172 nit out against Hampshire. The A.N.A. wants kissing the Bible In court abolished from the ceremony ti swearing in a witness. The liner Agamemnon, from Aiistra 'ia, which went ashore on the Irish Joast, has been refloated. Scrotchings on Thursday included ftockbank, Jack Shay, Leah Kleslina,. 'or the Australian Steeplechase. Nicholas Kinst was killed whilst '.emplaning at Brussels. His machine .'ell from a height of 200 metres. The I?ihnr Government carried the :icond rending in the House of Repre < ;ent.-itires of the Arbitration Hill. [ Two Cliinamen were each fined £!(■ .11 Melbourne on Tuesday on a charge of :iaviii(i opium in their possession. ■ In Victoria Uie average municipal | rating is 1/S}d. >v cities, towns, and -Woiiglis, and ty2jd. in the shires. 'I'ossum raising for profit is advo cated by a Sydney zoologist. He speaks if a yield of 500 to the acre' "airily." The strike on the Canadian Grand fruiik Pacific railway has been settled ly the intervention of the Government. Satisfactory arrangements have been nadu for the employment of the police n connection nitlrUie forthcoming cen : I 'US . ....... Ethel I.c Neve cabled her sister, sta ing that she neither saw :ior heard ■.uythiiig wrong until the blow fell. .Mr. Tyck, a Belgian aeronaut, has I(iwn over Brussels ill his aeroplane at i height of 5,600 ft, thus achieving a ;tcord. lii German Equatorial Africa seven hiefs have been hanged on charges of nurdering a trader aud his native cin >lo\ves. The President of the Arbitration Court •.ill be empowered to convene ? meeting "wtwceii disputing employers and em ployees. I'nrtor Charltoii confessed after his •rrrr,t in New York that he liad mur lerril his wife at Mpltrnsio, on Lake Juno. . Victorian municipal councils last year rntcd a sum of £15,211 —or less than 1 per cent, of their revenue—to the local ?harities. ■ The estimated number of inhabited duellings in the State is 2;7,521, of vhUh 155,382 are in towns and 122,139 in shires. , . Tito master of the steamer Enryaliis ;m a charge, of allowing* a prohibited immigrant to enter the Commonwealth .vas fined £100. A number of English army, officers have proved that bombs could be drop ped from balloons with full effect from a height of 200 ft. Charles B. Kellou is charged with t ? ■rauding the Customs Department in connection with alleged misrepresenta tion of rnqtor can.and parts. David Kerr, a bricklayer, 43 years of ige, who fell 35 feet from a building in [•ourre of erection at South Yorra, es atped with a few abrasions. At the Port Melbourne Court Mrs. Mrtilda Millar, was fined 20/ •on a -h.->rge of assaulting Michael Madden if the Essendon football team. Tho Premier has promised to consi ler enrolling electors until the dissolu tion of Parliament if it could be effecied M'ithont sacrificing safeguards. Daniel Kinst, while aerophninc at Ghent on the 10th July last, fell from a height of 300-feet and received in juries to which # he succumbed. . _ The world's highest aeronautic record is held by Walter Brooking, an Ameri can, nho last month rose to a" height gf 6,100 feet at Atlantic City. At Blackpool ,Lancashire,*M. Chevez, awell known airman, secured the Euro pean record for altitude by ascending to a height of 1 mile, 570 feet. A father who relied on ''Christian Science" to cure of diphtheria a child (that subsequently died) has been com mitted in Sydney for manslaughter. During last year the cost of mainten ance of the Metropolitan Kire Brigade was £56,165, arid that of the Conntrv Fire Brigades £13,349. • The expendi ture is met by contributions received in equal porting from ItJie Govern ment, tile municipal councils, and the fire insurance companies. I In the Legislative. Assembly ilr. Leminou moved tliat the usu of motor ciirs to convey electors to the booth, bo prohibited. This was negatived. : At the Warriiambool' potato market . <iti Tlmrsdav, link eyes anil first grade Snowflakes were qiiuted at i' 3 12/fi per tun, ex bags, nnd second gride 10/ Imv or • . At Geeloug, Edward John Milluns ' was sentenced to ten years' imprison- I meut, on a charge of criminally as- I wmlting liis 15-yeai--old da lighter :<t Belniout. There were 206 muncipalities in Die State. 3-l-',829 ratepayers, nnd rateable property valued at l-13,5tM,-ISS in JOIW, showing an increase for 12 months of £440,530. - The police in Sydney tnnk the name of n clergyman, who was addressing a temperance meeting in a public place. The authorities allege that he was ob structing the way. Tint cotton industry in Holland is at present entirely, dislocated by a dis pute between employers and employes. A complete lock-nut is in progress, 8,000 persons being affected. • At Fontenny in France, a navvy un earthed three vases containing gold pieces of a total value, of iS,(H)O. H is supposed that the money was hidden during the Franco-German war. Tho Imperial. Parliament has ad jiu.'iJitd iii-til loali Xqvcniher. The ltoval absent has been given to the Declaration Oath Amendment Act, the Regency Act, and to the Civil List. ■ "The' Australasian" predicts that if Warrnambool rises to the command of Rev. A. R. Osborn—"A wedding a iveok!" it will be blessed with a tre mendous influx of marriageable maid ens. ■ - For the World's Sculling Champion ship, between the. holder, I{. Arnst, of New Zealand, and -Ernest Harry, of England,' on the Zambesi River on Thursday, the ISttli iiist., both men are rigorously training.' :■ •• : ".Mind you do not lose him altogeth er. Madam," said Judge It ox to a lady who came to'court to explain that her husband, who was summoned to sit on h jury, had been away from home for five weeks,, and could not attend the court. .". ■■-:• '-■-' ■;>-■ ■■■ 