Lite Telegram. SYDNEY. Tursdav. : Six collieries, at ICurri. Kurri arc ready to resume work. At a meeting of'' the Compulsory Industrial Board at Newcastle, Mr. Charlton represented the colliery em ployees. Ho suggested that the pro prietors should be asked to meet tho men with Judge Sc-oles as a mediator, as the men wished to come to a sottlcnient. and a -meeting: would i pave the way to immediate resump tion of - work. His Honor replied* that mediation was. the proper thins, and was, twilling to como in as a mediator! He ascd j\fr. Charlton i and Mr. Kelvnack to consult their i clients, and arrange a meeting with him, and adjourned the Board till the following day. Subsequently Mr. Charlton conferred' with the I delegato Board, 'who resolved to ac cept the Wages Board. It is now probable that the men will rejfcurn to work on Monday week. The Gov ernment has discontinued - at pre I sent supplying' imported coal to pri I vate consumers. The whole of tlie i State importations are now to hand, comprising six cargoes. Several thou sand men are still oijt of work in i consequence of the strike. The Danish and Swedish Consuls state that neither Denmark nor Sweden could spare agricultural im migrants, and declared that fariii la borers were better looked after in Denmark and Sweden. Thoy enjoy ed beautifully cooked food. Tho Premier is -surprised at Count Mor ner's cable, which, lie sajys, is incor rect so far as the State-aid immi grants are concerned. ' Tho prison population is lower than for many years; 20 years ago the gaol population numbered 2360. to day the/ number is 1430. The theory- is advanced that the several railway accidents which oc curred on the mountains recently is due td the earth under the lines be ing loosened -by the heavy rains. ^ LONDON,. Wednesday. . Mr. Lloyd-George declares that the Commons must deal with the .Lords question first. The Liberal Whip states that in a fortnight the Budget will be passed. 'Wq will then be attacking the veto of the Lords.' He added that the Liberals would have to faco a task of curtail ing the corrupt orrictices at elec tions, and putting an end to intimi dation. * ? ? The Legislative Council in India has passed the Press Bill, after sit ting seven hours. The Government decided to release tho deportees im prisoned 14 months ago on certain grounds stated by the GovernorGe neral. English opinion throughout India gravely questions the wisdom of releasing political offenders. It is reported that Lord Kitchener 'will succeed Lord Minto as GovernorGe neral of India. Tlie police of Constantinople found high explosives in , a chamber where the Turkish Deputies are sit ting- 