ON THE CLARENCE. THE VISITORS CRITICAL.. MACLEAN, Friday.— Sir John Sinclair and Messrs. J. Dunlop and R. Greig, members of the Scottish Commission, accompanied by Mr. A. S. Davis, of the Immigration Department, arrived by motor trom tho Richmond last night, and were met at tho Town-hall by the Mayor (Aid. Cameron), and a large number of representative citizens and farmers of tho Lower Clarence. Tho party expressed a wish that tho meeting should bo of a conversational nature, and a couplo of hours were spent in this way, the visitors gaining nil tho informa tion they could regarding dairying, agriculture, tho prico of land, etc. Much valuable informa tion was also gained by those present from the commissioners. Members of tho commission interviewed said ; they wero greatly impressed by the succoss of tho dairy industry, as far as they saw it, espe cially by the way paspalum was utilised in tho country, for which it wa3 suitable. Tlioy rarely saw pastures in such luxuriance. On the nor thern rivers generally, tho possibilities of tho districts when more extensive and more in telligent cultivation was general, were illimit able. Evon making allowance for tho resources of the country, and tho difficulty of obtaining labor, there was a considerable amouut of slo venly farming and absence of modern methods, but they were pleased and interested to find farmers keeping records of the produce of their cows, and ablo to state tho amount of tho re in?.,3, and £bo re'atlvc values of different in dividuals and different methods. Tho co-opera- «vo factories were doing splondld work, which would bo still further improved if tho Danish system of associations or co-operative erea- fflcrles under ono management, for the sale of cotter and choeso wore adopted. Tho prospe rs fheso districts was beyond dispute, and the quality of the land quite astoulshing to ono m 0Id, Country, but tbey wero inclined . Bmallcr areas more thoroughly cultl- wuca, would yle,d Inoro Provable returns. They i Stfa ,Hen s£ruck by the different opinions wi, ?? 1 hrccdB of ml'oh cows. It would ap- 1 uiii.i . no or two brced" most wero best unoa for tho northern rivers, whereuB they > < found every variety of dairy cattlo and every grade and cross. Their reception on all hands was most grati fying, they said, and :tho frankness and readi ness of farmers to provide information mado thoir work easy and pleasant. Thcv woro spe cially pleased at the arrangements made to bring them In contact with local gentlemen, who wero capnblo of informing them on thoso points which wero of most importance. They wero much interested in the Wollongbar experi mental farm, which was evidently planned on linos which would mako It of great value to tho district. The visitors on two occasions on tho trip over from the Richmond took a hand on tho farm by running a couple of furrows, paying particular attention to tho class ot ground. They left Maclean early this morning, en routo to Grafton experimental, farm and tho Upper Clarence. They expect to arrive in Sydney on Sunday, 