The Consuls and Australia. To the Editor. Sir, — The recent attacW of the Danish and Swedish Consuls upon Australia as a field for immigration has been quite uncalled for. Their statements published in the Sydney daily press arc of so misleading a character that Premier Wade could be ijurfi'ctly justified in asking the British Government to recull Count Morner, the Swedish Consul, and Mr. I... W. Marckcr, the Danish Consul. One wonders what excep tional facilities these gentlemen possess so as to constitute them selves as arbiters of Australia and its conditions. The career of the former gentleman lias been more in. diplomatic circles than in the com mercial world, he having been, I believe, for some time on the staff of the Turkish Embassy, while Mr. Marcker is, of course, .well known to the GfovcrnmcnVof New South .Wales. The latter gentleman's career was thoroughly investigated by them when he was appointed Consul, and with all due respect to hihi I do not consider him a lead ing authority in the commercial world. Mr. Marckcr says: 'The Consul ate repeats that for commercial people or_ people without a trade Australia is the last place to come to.' That could be said of any country where immigrants arc land ed who possess no avocation at their finwer-tins. \\\'e don't want immigrants, whether foreigners or English-speaking folk,wh.o possess no kind of a profession or trade, or knowledge of tarming pursuit's. They are as unemployable here as elsewhere. A man trained up in a certain line, unless he is a rank duffer, can generally secure work in his snhcre somewhere in Aus tralia. And I say, from my lim i'cd Vnowledire, that Australia to the foreigner, provided he can speak the English lanR-uajre, and who is well versed in some form of commerce, a trade, or ;i profession, or in farming pursuits, offers a wide field for his enterprise. To the credit of most of the Danish and Swedish settlers in Australia, they do not endorse the statements of their Consuls. Nor how could they, when one recalls the many fine positions they have made for themselves in their adopted coun try? A foroijrncr here, provided he knows the lnnjru.iKc well, has as niuch chance sis ourselves in mak ing a jrood thinir. I know several Swedes and Danes holding good commercial situations in Sydney, while those enpnjred in trade have finc_ shops of their own, and have businesses to be envied, Many en gaged in dairying: and other coun trv pursuits are very comfortablv off, and have been able to make repeated trips to Europe. No doubt the Consuls named dis like seeing young men of their countries emigrating abroad, and utilise every opportunity to s'ay so. This is legitimate enough as long as the resources and opportunities which Australia offers to immi grants is not misrepresented. A man may 'jnvc bold advertise ment' in the most alluring lan truape to the goods he has to sell, but he dare not nncnly run down those of his rivals. The same thinpr applies to the Consuls. They may crack up their own na tions till further orders, but thev have no riirht to wilfully misrepre sent Australia. — I am, etc., ? CORNSTALK. The wheats-rowers of New South Wales are being- effectually roused by the 'Newsletter' articles to the way they are being robbed by the Sydney Millers' Ring. The expo sure in last week's 'Newsletter' was a perfect eye-opener! ' , 