THE WILSON GOVERN MENT. MOTION OF NO-CONFIDENCE. THE PREMIER'S DEFENCE. A CONVINCING UTTERANCE. SPE.CH BY MR. JOHNSON. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon the Premier replied to the In dictment levelled against the Government By the Leader of the Opposition (Mr. Scad dan) last Thursday in moving the following motion: That the Government does not possess the confidence of this House. The Premier said he had perused the speech made by the Leader of the Opposi tion in moving his no-confidence motion, and he had found considerable difficulty in ascertaining what the grounds for the mo tion were. He realised that it was a mo tion which the Government must of neces sity consider. It was a motion, too, which the hon. member had the undoubted right of moving, and on that account he felt ne must receive it with respect, and did so. He would like the House to understand that so far as he could see in the charges that had been brought against his Govern ment there was little or nothing to reply to. (3lnnstcrial applause.) One-half of the speech of the Leader of the Opposition had been taken up with a recapitulation if events which had occurred many years ago. The ualance ot the speech was based more or less upon rumour and street-corner gos sip. Mr. Scaddan had, of course, quoted individual opinions of metnbers of that Chamber, and also Carious expressions used in newspaper interviews in regard to him (Mr. Wilson). He had also taken up a good deal of time in roundly abusing a gentleman who once happened to fill a posi tion as a member of the House. It seemed indeed as if the no- confidence motion had in fact been directed against Mr. Wallace Nelson and the "Daily News." He deeply regretted thit the hen. member had lowered his position so much as to apply offensive terms to the gentleman who, it must be admitted by al: who had heard his utter ances in the House, was, at all events, no cringer or crawler. (Applause.) He had been at some pains to pick out from the speech the kernels, or the actual charges which had bee-s made against his Admnmz stration. Mr. Johnson: And you avoided them when you found them. The Premier said he thanked the Leader of the Opposition for saying he wanted a fair and open fight. He hoped their future contests would always be on those lines. At all events if they did not lay traps lor the Ministerial side of the House no traps would be laid for the Opposition side. He could assure the HUuse that when a vote was taken at the end of the debate it would be a true reflex of the opinion of the ma jority of the House, and he hoped would settle all differences between the parties once and for all. Mr. Angwin: Not in the country. The Premix:: 1 am satisfied that in the country the party to which I belong is m the majority. Continuing, he said that he for one would not desire to retain his posi tion one moment longer after he had ceased to retain the confidence of the majority. Mr. Scaddan: In the House or in the country? The Premier: If we have it in the coun try we have it in the House. Continuing, he referred to the question of pairs. He had made inquiries and could not find any occasion on which a member of the Opposi tion who ha-ing been absent from the House through illness had been refused a pair by the Government Mr. Holman: I could quote my own case more than once. The Premier: It was stated by Dame Rumour t-hat on one occasion a resolution was passed at caucus that no pairs were to be given in any circrmstances whatever Mr. Gordon: Quite right. (Laughter.) The Premier: At all events I do not hear a chorus of denial from the Opposition. Continuing. he expressed his gratitude that the Leader of the Opposition had kindly arranged a pair for Sir Newton Moore, who had left the State through ill-health. Mr. Scaddan: And that is more than you have done for members on this side. The Premier said he would promise that pairs would in future be given in cases of sickness, and he hoped the Leader of the Opposition would act in the same spirit and grant a pair to Mr. Hayward, the member for Wellington, who was lying upon a sick bed. (Opposition laughter.) Mr. Holman: I wouldn't give a pair un der any consideration. The Premier said that personal references to himself required little or no defence, but he would, of course. make a passing comment upon them. He was sorry tile Leader of the Opposition had seen fit to dig up the past of 10 years ago. He thought, too, it would have been fairer if he 'tad brought in his no-confidence motion earlier in the session. Mr. Bolton: The House had a different leader then. The Premier said he was prepared to ac cept the responsibilities of the Moore pro gramme and the Moore Administration. He would ask the House and the country o judge that programme and that adminmstra tio.l by the rt~sults which had accrued to their etfforts. He did not want hen. menm bers to go into the streets and listen to the complaints of disapr.mnted :nen, whether those were new arrivals or old identities. He thought the least the hen. member could have done would have been to bring facts before the Chamber, minstead of basmg his charges upon the tittle-tattle of the man in the street. Reverting to personal mat ters, the Leader of the Opposition, in wish ing to discredit himn had laid stress upon the fact that he was once a member of the Morgans Administration, and concluded ;lis remarks by saySig that he had opposed Leako Government, and that a few weeks after he had accepted a portfolio in the Cabinet formed by the party which was politically opposed to the Lcake Admmis tration. That was absolutely incorrect, and there was no .e .tigo of foundation in tho statement. HIe would like members to know that although he had supported the Leake Government against the Throssell Piesse no-confidence motion, he in a long speech had at the time outlined his position, and ii no *ance.:ain lanacage had stated that he was ircparel ,o join the member for Coolgardie, Mr. Morgans, and turn them out of office. He had been careful to state his intentions, and had, moreover carried them out. Mr. Johnson: Could anyone have worse misjudged a position than you did on that occasion? (LauJghter.) The Premier: No. (Renewed laughter.) I certainly misjudged the forces that were against me. But I think it was generally admitted that it was ten thousand pities that the Morgans Administration was de feated on that occasion. Mr. Johnson: You will soon have the satisfaction of turning the tables on those colleagues who left you. The Premier said he had no desire to turn the tables on anyone. He merely de-. sired to keep members of the Opposition upon the benches which they so gracefully adorned. (Laughter.) The Leader of the Opposition had said he was wrathful be cause at Menzies that hen. member had called him a "shellback Tory." He could assure the hon. member that he was by no means wrathful. Only at Subiaco, m re ferring to the matter, he had taken the opportunity of expressing his sorrow that Mr. Scaddan did not appear to understand the origin of the term, or realise that all his (the speaker's) actions in Par liament in Western Australia were a direct refutation of such a charge. He had pointed out on that occasion, and he repeated the statement, that if there was a shell-back Tory, then the Leader of the Opposition was a representative of that class of person, because he represented, with his followers, one class only, and that was the trades unionists. Mr. Scaddan: What class do you repre sent? The Premier said he had always been a representative of the democratic class. He had a lively recollection of having some years ago formed the first democratic league in Western Australia. Some promi nent members of the Labour Party had belonged to that league, and they had done him the honour of electing him as its president. It was quite true that he and a friend had eventually to pay the liabili ties of that league, but that was beside the question. (Laughter.) lie wanted to point out that the Opposition could not be true representatives of the people, so long as they acted and tattled for one section of the community only. So long as Mr. Scad dan and his party tried to give preference to one section of the conmmunuity, and tried to exercise their arbitrary powers to force all men into their ranks, and be sub ject to the will of caucus, they could not possibly claim to be representative of all sections of the people in this State. Mr. Scaddan, in his speech, had trotted out the old lie of 6s. per day. Notwithstanding that he (the Premier) had denied that accu sation over and over again. Mr. Scaddan had returned to the charge-unfairly and ungenerously, he thought-but had fastened on to it something connected with the Arbi tration Court. which had never been men tioned when the original charge was made. Members must know that the original charge, which had emanated from the man in the street, was that he (the Premier) had stated that no worker was worth more than 5s. per day. That was more than ten years ago. Then it had grown to 6s. per day, and the charge was made years before he was ever associated with the Arbitration Court. The original charge had had nothing to do with the Arbitration Court, or any rate of wage mentioned in any cita tion in connection with which he had appeared before, the Court. He had been unable at first to find what Mr. Scaddan had referred to, but Mr. Scaddan had told him that it was in 1904. He thanked him for that information, but wanted to point out that se had only appeared before the Court as representative of the employers in August, 1904. and had only held that position for 12 months. The only citation, in which while he was the employers' re presentative, there was a 6s. rateOnentioned of any description was the sawmillcrs' cita tion. It was true that he had been con nected with the preliminary application for the fixing of a date in connection with that citation, but the rest of the business was carried out by his successor. Not only was that so, but, as a matter of fact, it was not asked in that citation that the rate for general workers should be fixed at 6s. per day. It was claimed as the minimum wage for tailers-out on picket benches; and everyo.so acquainted with the industry knew that they were lads 15 or 16 years of age. He denied that he had appeared in any case before the Arbitraion Court in which 6s. per day for general workers .was advocated. Apart from that, however, to wanted to kr.ow whether a representative of employers in a case before the Arbitra tion Court was to be branded as personally advocating every claim made in the citation of the employers. He had on more occa sions than he could remembers said that every man was entitled to the wage he could earn: and he had tried to enforce that prin:iple in the Arbitration Court time afte- time. rather than have them all brought down to the one minimum. To his inind the only consideration in fixing wage· should be the man's ability and the condition of the industry. With regard to educational matters, Mr. Scaddan had pus an entirely false construction on his action when Ministe- for Education. Mr. Scaddan knew full well that he had always advo cated free education, and could not prove to the contrary. Mr. Scaddan would have the public believe that he (the Premier) had wanted, when Minister for Education. to charge fees for all the children attend. in, the primary schools. Mr. Scaddan knew full well, as he (the Premnier) had explained repeatedly in that House, that his only object was to prevent children df well-to-do parents receiving secondary edu cation up to an advanced ago in the public schools at the public expense. Anyone who impartially inquired into the expansion of the education system durming his term of office must admit that he had done someine. thing to advance that system. During that time the normal school for the traimng of teachers had been established, important additions had been made to the Technical School, and the secondary school had been established. The number of schools in the State had increased from 281, when he took charge of the Education Department. four and a half years ago, to 445, and during his term of office no fewer than 164 new schools had been built. Surely that was a record which any person might be proud of, and was a sufficient answer to the unfounded charge that had been made. The next thing which Mr. Scaddan had endeavoured to prove was that he had been opposed to the developmental policy which had been propounded by the Daglish Gov. ernment. In his endeavour to substantiate that charge Mr. Scaddan had quoted a speech lie (the Premier) had made at the time, but he had omitted a portion of that speech, which. if included, would put a different meaning to the whole question. The words to which he gave utterance on that occasion showed that he was not opposed to a progressive policy of railway construction or of development generally. Indeed, he had never been opposed to any progressive policy in Western Australia. Reference hadt also been made to the crisis some years ago, but the only charge or charges that he could find in the whole of the indictment brought forward by the Leader of the Opposition appeared to be in connection with the lands administration, or at least the Lands Department, and those charges were based on the trivial com plaints of discontented applicants for land. Hon. members should acknowledge that all big movements brought similar complaints, whether those projects were in a private or a public capacity, and more especially when it was a question of bringing people from one part of the world to another. It was regrettable that the Leader of the Opposi tion should have attached so much im portance to the two or three complaints he had brought forward. Mr. Holman: There are hundreds of them. The Premier: Well, we had reference only to two or three. The Premier added that it was deplorable that they should have had made a comparison of the lands adminis tration in this State with the land scandals which took place in the Eastern States some ycars ago. To say such a thing, which was without foundation, was to give a bad im pression to outsiders. In any case, why did not the hon. member bring proof of his statements? Mr. Scaddan: Oh, proof. The Premier said that the hen. member should ask for a Royal Commission or some other inquiry if things were as bad as he al leged. It had been alleged that land had been taken iu by Mr. Hedges in an im proper manner, but Mr. Hedges took up his land in exactly the same way as the hon. member took up his when he applied for it. Mr. O'Loghlen: There are a hundred Italians down there. The Premier: That is not the point and is beside the issue. Mr. O'Loghlen: Very well; go on. The Premier said the application was made for blocks in the ordinary course in 1908--12 months prior to his colleague (the Minister for Lands) tak ing up that position. Since that time survey before selection had been insisted on in many districts. At the time the land was taken up there was free selection; at any rate so far as land to the east of the Great Southern railway was concerned it was per missible. Applicants were also at that time permitted to take up land under grazing leases. When Mr. Hedges' application was lodged the land was surveyed in the ordin ary course ~and applicants were then ad vised of the conditions under which the land would be granted to them. Mr. Hedges agreed to the department's condi. tions and had since very consider ably improved his property and had spent many thousands of pounds on it. The insinuation that Mr. Hedges took up the land and immediately afterwards a reserve was declared in the district was not borne out by the facts. It was not until some considerable time afterwards that the land to the east of the Great Southern Railway was reserved under the principle of survey before selection. There was no ground on which to think for a moment that anything underhand took place in re. gard to this land, or the land the Minis ter for Mines had taken up. If they were going to have such insinuations thrown broadcast in the House, why did not the hen. members of the Opposition look to their own land. He ventured to say that there were more Opposition members who took up land on these conditions than mem hers on the Government side. Mr. Troy: Honourably and squarely they took it uip. The Premier: And honourably and square ly on this side. Mr. Troy: No. The Premier: The generosity of the hon. member passes my understanding. Continu. ing, he said that the Government did not want anything hushed up, but they re sented any suggestion that there was need for inquiry on such flimsy material as bad been brought forward. Because Mr. Scad dan had become hysterical in his effort to turn the Government out of office was no reason why they should grant an inquiry. Let them prove to him that there was any doubt whatever as to the honesty of pur pose of any member on either side of the House in regard to land transactions, and he would immediately grant an inquiry, but he was not going to have an inquiry on somethin" which he could show to be ab solutely false. He would now deal with Moor's case. That gentleman had been representing his grievances, on which the Leader of the Opposition had made such a tremendous outcry. Mr. Moor had come to Western Australia with his family some eight years ago. He had practically no experience. except that of growing toma toes at his own residence. Mr. Collier: Don't ridicule him. The Premier: I am not ridiculing him. I am ridiculing the hen. member for mak ing such a charge. Continuing, he said that Mr. Moor speculated iu some land five miles from B1unbury. He did not go to the Government. He bought the land pri. vately. Could anyone prevent him from buying p;'or land on his own judgment? Within twelve months he was naturally stranded. lie appealed to the Government to help hism out of his difficulties, and the Government lent him £100, bearing inter est. That was as far back as during Dr. Jameson's time, and the transaction was completed by his successor as Minister for Lands, Mr. Hopkins. At present the loan was still outstanding, and Mr. Moor also owed a couple of years' interest. Did that look as though the Government had been, unsympathetic towards that gentleman?, About four years ago Mr. Moor and his son selected land near Bridgetown. Three of the four blocks selected were forfeited after some time, and the fourth was now forfeitable. Nothing had been done with the blocks. In the early part of this yeair Mr. Moor and his three sons put in applio cations for four blocks at Dalwallinu. At the same time Mr. Neilson and others apl I plied for the same'blocks. Two blocks were granted to Neilson and two to Mr. Moor's son. Moor's land was granted under resi. derrtial conditions. Of Neilson's land 1,000 1 acres were granted under residential eoadi tons, and 300 acres under non-residential conditions. With regard to Moor's appli cation smo cdifEculty was experienced in regard to fees. They assisted Moor by trandfarring the amounts paid on the selec t;ons at I;ridgetown with the exception of those or one lot held by Moor's son, wnich was now forfei?ab.e. A. two blocks on:y were granted to Moor, the balance of the money was refunded to him in cash at his request, although the ordinary practice v as to carry the balan^e forwar d to the next rertal due. Did that show lack of s"tn pathy with this man? Mr. Neilson ap peared before the Land Board with Moor and his sons and succeeded in getting t..o blocks. It had been charged against the department that this man was a mere speculator, and that they ought to have knoawn better than to have given him the land. Neilson gave evidence before the Land Board that it was his intention to stat dairying on the Danish principle, of which he was an expert. lie gave evidence tha; he intended to throw up his position in the Chinese Customs and settle in this State. The Board accepted the evidence and granted him the two blocks applied fo-. Neilson proceeded to the land and carried out some improvements and lived on it. He cleared 20 acres and that work was done by Moor, who was trying to build up his case on Neilson having been granted the land. Mr. Scaddan: He did not get paid. The Premier: He got paid. Mr. Scaddan: No, he got only a fort night. The Premier, continuing, said that Neil son stated openly that there was some difficulty as to the terms of his retirement, onless he gave up certain retiring allow nces and that sort of thing, to which he was entitled. He endeavoured to let the land, and, being unsuccessful, sold it. The man who bought the land carried cut the improvements. The transfers to the purchasers of the land had not been re gistered. Moor had applied for forfeiture of the blocks for non-compliance with the residential conditions, and the blocks had been forfeited and thrown open for re-selec tiot. on the 11th inst. Surely there was no charge of maladministration against the Lands Department on that score. Mr. Scaddan: You have not told all the story. Mr. Tro: I will show later on that you are not telling the truth. The Speaker: The hen. member must withdraw that. The Premier, proceeding, said that the first charge was that Neilson was a specu lator. He (the Premier) was not saying that he was or was not. but he did say that the Land Board was justified on the evidence in being satisfied that Neilson was a bona fide selector. He did not know that they yet had evidence to show that Neilson did not act in a perfectly above. board manner. Mr Troy: According to your light. The Premier, continuing, said that as to Mr Scaddan's statements in regard to the "Daily News," Mr. Lovekin and his sub editor. Mr. Woods, were given access to th. files relating to Neilson's case. Mr. Scaddan had said that after seeing the files they told Moor that the matter was more serious than he had set out and that there was not only perjury in connection with the matter but something worse. and that the statements made by Moor were so serious that if published they would do an injury to the State as a whole. The statement made by Mr. Scaddan with reference to Mr. Moor and the "Daily News" had been the subject of the following com munication by Mr. Lovekin, the proprietor of the "Daily News": "Two portions of the statement only are correct-that we did re fuse to publish Mr. Moors statements-(he gave us no letter)--and that, by permission of the Premier, we did peruse the files con nected with the five charges made by Mr. Moor. The balance of the statement is absolutely false. Instead of telling Mr. Moor that the matter was more serious even than he had stated, etc.. we gave him as our reason for not publishing his state ments that we had perused the files very carefully and found there was no justifica tion for his charges. We sugested to him, Mr. Moor, after a three hours' perusal of the files, that we had come to the conclusion that he had been misled by someone who had supplied him with a portion of the in formation contained upon the files (that con taining the complaints) and not the replies and explanations. We told him that the worst-looking case he had brought before us was that in which he had used Mr. Gourley's name, but that even his sugges tion in that case depended on a document (which he, Mr. Moor, had obtained from Mr. Gourley and it did not appear on the files) rather than upon anything which appeared in the files. We distinctly told Mr. Moor that there was nothing .n the file to aug" gest any mala fides on the part of either Mr. Gourley or the department. As regards the statement that we said, 'he statements made by Mr. Moor were so serious that they would do injury not only to the Go vernment but to the State as a whole if the whole of the transactions were published,' there is not a scintilla of truth in it and it must be pure invention. Mr. Woods, our tub-editor was present whenever I saw Moor, and he also went through the files with me." Mr. Woods, the sub-editor of the "Daily News," had written as follows "Fur ther to Mr. Lovekin's statement, which is right in every particular, I may add that when, after our examination of the files, we discussed the result with Mr. Moor, he com plained that by thrashing the matter out as we had done we had 'spoilt his hand' in the attack he was making on the Govern. meat. I explained to Mr. Moor then that it was no use writing anything about the matter he had communicated to us because if we used the statements he made without the information the files disclosed the state ments would be refuted next day and the paper would be discredited. Mr. Moor could not by any possibility have misunderstood the import of what Mr. Lovekin and I told him, because we thrashed the whole thing out in an interview extending over a couple of hours. If. therefore, the statement of Mr. Scaddan is a true reproduction of what Mr. Moor told him, then there can be no words too strong to denounce his flagrant mendacity. Mr. Lovekin and I pointed out to Mr. Moor that we had been so impressed with his statement that we sought access to the files, but when we had seen them his charges disappeared altogether. Those who are unmune trom legal consequences by reason of 'privilege' may apparently make unfounded charges, but newspapers find it necessary to prove their facts as far as possible before publishing them." Mr. Walker: That is a slur upon Parlia ment. The Premier: Is it too much to ask members of the House as well as the Leader of the Opposition to go to the same trouble to aacertain the true facts of the case as Abese people did? Mr. Scaddan: Is that the present pro cedure? Can any member inspect the files? The Premier: No member has been re-. fused. Mr. Scaddan: Several times. The Premier said he now proposed to touch on the charge made by Mr. Scaddan that publicans could obtain land in pre ference to genuine applicants, and that a member of another place had in hand the selling of the land. Mr. Sommers, the member referred to, had written to the Press in connection with the matter. Mr. Seaddan: I challenge Mr. Sommers to put in his resignation if I can prove it. The Premier said he now came to the case of Messrs. Rose Brothers and Webster, the Albany settlers. Mr. Scaddan had prac tically blamed the Government because these men had not been successful in con nection with the land they had selected. But there was no blame attachable to the Government in regard to these settlers, who arrived in March last. They were men who were without any experience on the land. one being a cabinet-maker and another a selector, and they had been misled. Mr. Price: Who induced them to come out? Another Opposition member: Ranford. Mr. Troy: We thought it was farmers you were bringing out from England. The Premier said that Messrs. Rose and Webster had been introduced to Mr. Ridley, a contract surveyor, who had reported, inter alia, as follows: "I advised them to take up wheat country if they looked for a quick return, but they said they would not go into a hot and dry district, as their wives and children must be the first con sideration. I then asked them what they wished to produce. They said apples and general mixed farming. I next inquired whether they possessed sufficient capital to improve land up to £20 per acre and wait t some years for a return, and they assured me that they had, I believe. about £1,000 each, or would have it shortly. I then took .them out and showed the land to them. I advised theni to erect a windmill and work the banks around the swamp, as by doing this they could get a summer return for vegetahles, etc. I showed them other or chads in the district and pointed out the similarity of the soil and its adaptability for apple-growing. I strongly advised them not to take out their wives and children before they had proper accommodation for them, and naturally I did not press them to buy an improved place. As Mr. Booth says, I was introduced to the wives and children of Messrs. Rose and Webster, and Mrs. Ridley and myself did all we could to help them, at times at consideriable incon venience, although it was always a pleasure to us. I continued to imnress on tlfenP that it would be better to leave their families in town until the winter was over. These selectors have wasted money on houses. I strongly advised them several times to employ an experienced bush car penter, but they are all 'by way of being' carpenters. Mr. Rose is certainly an ex. persenced cabinet-maker. The roads have been very bad, owing to very wet winter. but I do not know anywhere that you told put selectors on to land within 14 miles of a railway and township with per manent water and a good road. It is ab surd to say that they were cut off from food. Mr. Booth's statement that Mr. Ridley was only looking after himself was most unfair and ungratefuL They com plain that they have lost their money, but they have made no attempt to get any re turn yet, and anyhow could not expect to do so. considering that they only went on the ground at the beginning of the winter. In conclusion, I must say that I adhere to my opinion of the land and feel sure that much of it will be settled shortly, and that if the new settlers have the necessary capital and the pluck and patience gener ally associated with Britishers they will do well. I have devoted much time to meet ing White Star boats and advising settlers and helping the land agents at Albany for the last three years, but I- shall be very shy of doing so in the future." The Surveyor-General had something to say also about the case of Messrs. Booth, Rose, and Webster. The Surveyor-General stated in his report on that case that the blocks were surveyed prior to selection, and that though the land was not of the best quality, portion of it was suitable for fruit growing, and much of it would carry sheep. The re port also stated that the Agricultural Bank was prepared to advance on the improve ments just the same as they were on land in other portions of the State, and that, as a matter of fact. an advance of £230 to Mr. Booth, and also advances to the other two men had been approved of. It further stat ed that Mr. Ridley, whose name had been mentioned in connection with the case, was a contract surveyor and was therefore en titled to charge for services rendered. and that the charge he had made in this case appeared reasonable. He thought that re port conclusively showed that if those people had failed, and he maintained that ther had not done so Mr. Price: They lost about £400 anyhow. The Premier said that that was because they had thrown up the land. They had never given it a proper trial. They had taken It up in March last, and what- sort of a trial could people give land between March and the following October? The posi tion was that the charges that Mr. Ridley had misled those people could not be sus tained on the evidence he had put before the House, and the charge that Mr. Ridley had made a profit out of them was also un. sustained. He had shown that the case was not one of maladministration by the Lands Department. as had been alleged. He had also shown that the land was Lot worthless, and that the Agricultural Bank was pre pared to make advances on the improve ments. It was true, however, that the men concerned had advised the Bank that they did not intend to take advantage of the ad vance as they had decided to throw up their holdings on the advice of two settlers. If anything had gone wrong with those three men it was because they had taken that ad. vice, and had not made a proper trial of the land. It had been asserted that those three gentlemen were a sample of the immigrants the Governemnt were bringing to the coun try, but as a matter of fact they were not assisted immigrants, and had come here en tirely on their own initiative. The next case he came to was that of Mr. McCaurt. That was the case in regard to which it had been said that the application had not been received until the day following the date on which it was notified applications would close, and that, therefore, it had been wrongly admitted. The report in regard to that case contained a statement from Mr. Thompson, who had received the applica tion, to the effect that Mr. McCourt had come into the office before 3 o'clock on the 8th of the month, the last day for receiv ing applcations, to make his application, but that he had had to go out of the office and did not return till after closing time, when Mr. Thompson was instructed to re ceive his application. Mr. Thompson was almost positive that the application had been received on the 8th, although it was dated the sth. He, however, wished to point out that even if a mistake had been made, the whole circumstances of the case were subse quently explained to the Land Board, who had allowed the application. After hearing the whole of the evidence, the Board had decided that Mr. McCourt's application was admissible, that he was a suitable applicant, and had given him the land. Since then three months' extension of time had been granted to br. McCourt. This expired in Nov. ember, and 'he had been informed that ten ders had already been called for clearing 800 acres of the land. He thought the facts he had stated did aw ay with any charges of corruption which had been made by Mr. Moor. However much they might deplore those who were granted C.P. lands trying to dispose of them before effecting any im provements, there was no system he could thing of to prevent men from trying to dispose of the equity of redemption. The department did carefully watch every transfer to see that the statutory conditions were complied with, and the action that had been taken in Neilson's case fully sub stantiated that assertion. Another case was that of Dunckley, in connection with which the member for Albany had interviewed the Minister for Lands, but had declined the trouble of perusing the papers when they were placed at his disposal. Dunckley had been granted an area m the Stirling Estate in April, 1909. It was then found that a clerical error had been made, and that the lot had been already granted to another person. Dunckley expressed his willingness to take two other lots. Those lots were reserved, but were eventually thrown open with the reservation that only those, who already held land in the Stirling Estate could apply. Dunckley was granted lot 208. but unfortunately he did not own any other land in the estate, although his father did, and in consequence nis application I~id not been approved. Where was the scandal in that case? .The leader of the Opposition had then made a charge agajust the Myers family. The only case to which any ex ception might be taken was that of P. Myers. He held a thousand acres under re sidential conditions, and a homestead block of 160 acres adjoining. He asked to have his holding converted into non-residence in order that his brother, E. J. Myers, might apply for it. The latter, however, already held the maximum of land and the appli cation was refused, and the question of for feiture was now under consideration. The Myers family, which numbered 16. was do ing excellent work, as he knew from his own observation on a visit to the homestead last year. (The Premier here read a letter from Mr. Myers, setting out a list of progressive improvements on all his holdings.) After all. it seemed to him, he continued, that what was wanted in this State was that the land should be improved and cultivated. (Ap plause.) It was not the business of the de partment to harass the genuine selectors even though slight errore might be made. and he appealed to the House to endorse the opinion that when there were thousands of settlers going on the land and millions of acres being thrown open we were bound to have some mistakes in even the best regu lated department. Rather than try to exag gerate those mistakes, it was the duty of every member of Parliament to minimise them as the department and the Govern ment were doing. The case of the Clarke family had received universal prominence owing to the action of certain land agents in wiring to Victoria and asking if those settlers could be provided with land in that State. It was admitted at once that some of the publications issued from the Agent General's Office might he read to convey the meaning placed on them by the leader of the Opposition, but immediately those had been brought under his notice by the Minister for Lands he had instructed by cable a substitution of local publications with full information as to the necessity of going before the Land Board when there was more than one application for the same block. Mr. Scaddan: Have you ordered the with. drawal of the others? The Premier: Certainly. Continuing, he read a copy of a cable to London instructng the officers there to send to Perth copies of all literature then in circulation, and to sun mit to Perth drafts of any new publications proposed to be issued. That cable, he said, showed that the department was alive and that if two constructions could be put on the printed matter issued at home, the mis take was remedied at once. He. did not sra that a correct construction had been placed on that literature by either the leader of the Opposition or Mr. Clarke, who, he admitted. was a most estimable man, and one whom they did not want to lose from Western Australia. The department was very anxious to make everything as clear as possible: the truth was quite good enough. Mr. Collier: Have you telegraphed to Ranford to shut up his matrimonial agpncy? (Laughter.) The Premier, continuing, said that in view of the fact that there might be some dif ferent construction placed on the publica tions which had been issued, everything that possibly could be done to assist Mr. Clarke and his party to get land was done. They applied for from 9,000 to 10,000 acres but resented having to go before the Land Board, because they had not been advised in London of the existence of such a body. Mr. Scaddan: It that not an indictment of the Government? The Premier: Certainly not. If a mis take is made by the London office, can you blame the Minister for Lands and myself? When a movement of this magnitude is in progress errors are bound to crop up. Con tinuin, he said that the Clarke party were obliged to go before the Land Board be cause there were other applicants for the same blocks. An effort was then made to provide those settlers with contiguous hold migs, and 12,000 acres at Mt. Marshall, which had already passed the Land Board stage and was available for anyone who chose to select it, was reserved until those people could inspect it. In view of the circum stances of their case they were granted free passes to Kellorberrin. They returned to Perth, and expressed their satisfaction with the land, and it was then under stood that all the trouble was ended. But a day or two later they decided that they would not take up the 12,000 acres. Finally, they secured two blocks, and then they started to ventilate their grievances, wiring to the Melbourne "Age" on the ac knowledged advice of their agents. They were applying now for other land adjoining those two blocks. The Board would he sitting to aeal with that area. It seemed to him that the Department had done every thing in its power to assist the party in question. Mr. Scaddan: Did anybody give them a promise in connection with the transaction? The Premier: Not to my knowledge. We reserved 12,000 acres at Mt. Marshall for them, but they refused to take it. The Premier added that the agents of the party were doing prqtty well in Western Australia, and he thought it unpatriotic of them to take the opportunity of maligning the coun try. Prospective settlers should go straight to the Department, for it was only when they went to land agents that the trouble began It was impossible for everyone to get picked blocks, and he wanted to know v hat the charges against the Lands Depart w?ent were. (Opposition laughter.) Was the Government going to be condemned on such flimsy accusations, on the complaints of men in the street and of the disappointed selector? Or were the Government to be judged on the general results of their ad ministration? An oft-repeated cry had been made against him in connection with the day labour question. It had been said that he was absolutely opposed to day labour, i.e., departmental construction. He had ad mitted that the contract system was the best system, but, on the other hand, he had said that good care would be taken that contractors did not get more than that to which they were entitled. He had pointed ot that if contractors were opening their mouths too widely he would not hesitate to construct public works fepartmentally. He might mention also that of 22 railways con structed during his occupancy of those tenches eleven bad been constructed depart mentally and eleven by contract. He was prepared to give contrac tors work if they *ere within a reasonable measure of the departmental estimate, but if they asked too much, then he was pre pared to do the work departmentally. 't had been said that the majority of immi grants were" female domestic servants, but the Leader of the Opposition was wrong in his facts, as the records showed. During the six months ended September 30 1,400 immigrants arrived. In all 965 were assist ed, and of 330 women only 196 were domestic servants, all of whom secured situations almost immediately after their arrival Of the 161 single farm labourers who were re gistered at the Labour Bureau during six months, all found situations within a day or two of their arrival. Reports received from all over the country pointed to a scar city of labour, and that the immigration polic- had proved a success was demon strated by the fact that people who had already settled in the country were apply ing for nominated passages for their fami lies and relatives, with the result that dur ing the last three months the extraordinary average of 40 applicants per week .for such passages had been reached. - (Hear, hear.) They were bound to get some immigrants who were not what they claimed to be, but it was satisfactory to know that last year there had not been 12 failures. Mr. Sead dan had fallen into a very grievous error when he attempted to charge the.Govern ment with something in connection with the Redistribution of Seats Bill, although he had never seen the Bill. It was the error of a very youthful and inexperienced poli tician to presume to criticise a measure which he admitted he knew nothing about. Mr. Johnson had tried to fasten upon the House the fact that it was a criminal act for any Government to endeavour to for mulate a Redistribution of Seats Bill on its own initiative, and had quoted the Queensland Act in support of the charge. He would point out that the last Redistri bution of Seats Bill in Victoria was framed by Cabinet, and Cabinet was solely respon sible. In South Australia the redistribu tion was made on the recommendation of the Government of the day. The same ap plied so far as Tasmania was concerned. Queensland, he admitted, had done as Mr. Scaddan had quoted. New South Wales had a system by which they called in the aid of three Commissioners appointed by the Governor. The Government would take the responsibility of the Redistribution of Seats Bill when they placed it before Par liament, and it would be found to be ba?ed on equit and justice ' He had been accus ed by Mr. Scaddan of being a reactionary, and of having changed his opinions. He would be very sorry to think that he could go through half a century's experience witih out sometises changing his opinions. He would like to I.cint out that he had always been supporting democratic measures. He had supported the Sunday Labour Bill, the Truck Act, the Arbitration Act, payment of members, Workers' Compensation Act, Early Closing Act and dhe Factories Act. He had supportAd motions in the old Par liaments in connection with working men being made justices of the peace, a mini mum wage in Government contracts, and an eight hours day for Government work ers. He had successfully introduced and carried through the land and income tax measure, because of the necessities of the State. but not because he liked to impose taxation. Mr. Scaddan would have them believe that man must never change his opinions, that he must stand firm-once a Tory always a Tory, once a Liberal always a Liberal. Let him point out that there had been far crcate- men than that Parlia ment had never seen in the old country and Australia who had changed their opinions. and changed them with advantage to the country an3 m good trLth. He mentioned the names of Sir Robert Peel, the Earl of Derby, Gladisne, Disraeli, Hartington, Chamberlain, Bright, Goschen. and Wmn ston Churchill. Then in Australia there were Sir John Robertson, Trenwith, and Kidston. Thsre were many others ioo numerous to mention who had changed their political faith in the most honest convic tions. If he nad changed at all, was he to be denied the same right? If he had become more liberal in his views with the experience of years was he to be denied the right of exercising those views in the interests of ihe State? The Wilson Gov ernmeon stood for liberalism and pro- rresr, representatije of all classes of the commu nity, and they intended to carry out their poicy or sins m n Le ngns. (tumisrenat heers.) MR. JOHNSON. Mr. Johnson said that the Premier had supplied the details which justified the general attack made by the Leader of the Opposition. The Premier had referred to the endeavour of the Labour Party to bring about preference to unionists. Be did not expect the Premier to agree to preference to unionists, bcause he had always been in the position of fattening on other people's labour. The Arbitration- Court should have the right to protect the unionist. The Premier had also referred to the charge that he (the Premier) had supported the payment of 6s. per day to labourers in this State. The Premier had given the charge absolute verification. He had made the statement out to be an absolute truth. His justification was that the men who did cer tain work were not worth more. At the present time Millars' Karri and Jarrah Co. were paying 8s. per day for the same labour. Were they to take the Premier as the judge of what remuneration should be paid for that labour or Millars', who were constantly employing that class of workers. The Premier endeavoured to defend the De. partment against Mr. Moor's attack, and then said. "We have done all that Moor asked." This showed that there were grounds for Moor's charges. He believed that Mr. Moor had, like many more, been induced to come to the State by misrepre. sentations, and yet the Premier in trying to justify the Department, threw ridicule upon this deserving colonist. Continuing, Mr. Johnson said that as Minister for Works he had found that the cheapest and best way of constructing railways in the interests of the State was departmentally. The Min istry, however, was gradually departing from that policy and that was a grievance they had against them. The present Min. istry had been more generously treated by the Press than any other Ministry in West. ern Australia. There had been a general improvement in recent years in the condition of Western Australia, but it must at the same time be realised that there had been a general improvement throughout the whole of the Commonwealth. The history of the Ministry had been marked by a tenacity of office, but the same could not be said regarding their policy. Departing from their first avowed policy, they had attached an income tax to the land tax, because this had been dictated by the Legislative Coun cil. Mr. ltason promised to introduce a Bill for the reform of the Legislative Coun cil, but they had not got that Bill before them yet. Again, were the Government sincere in their expressed desire to get the Licensing Bill passed. Repeatedly the Gov ernment policy had been altered by that Chamber, and there had been numerous reshuffling of portfolios in order to avoid disaster. , The Ministry's career since 1905 had been one of unredeemed promises. The Press had to a large extent been silenced by advertisements in connection with Govern ment lands. It was a common thing to pick up a paper advertising land in a lo cality where one could not possibly buy that particular journal. Consequently when they saw this occurring repeatedly they could only come to the conclusion that these ad vertisements were not given with any desire to advertise the resources of the State, but rather to silence the criticism of the actions of the Government which would follow if the Press did their duty to the Government. The Press of to-day devoted considerably more space to the booming of the Ministerial party than it did to the interests of the State. He did not desire to say much about the recent reconstruction of the Ministry, but he did want to say that the party he was connected with had been wanting in their duty in not having given the people of Subiaco an opportunity of expressing their opinion on the inclusion of Mr. Daglish in the Ministry. Regarding the financial ad ministration of the continuoes Government for the last five years, they knew that Gov I ermnent had first come into power with the promiso that they would square the finances and that there'1would be no land values taxation. It was five years ago since Mr. Iason had made that declaration, but the finances had not yet been squared, and they had to-day in some degree. land values taxation. It was true that MIr. Rasop had endeavoured to square the finances, but he Ihad done so by the cowardly method of transferring expenditure on unreproductive public works, such as roads and bridges, from revenue to loan account. That policy had gone on increasing ever since, and yet it was described by the leading journal or the State as true economy. They also found that during those five years the in terest and sinking fund charges had increas ed by from £765,000 in 1905, to nearly £1,100,000 in 1910. or nearly one-third of the total revenue. Notwithstanding that, how ever, the revenue had remained almost sta tionary. During the same term the public debt had increased, and the alienation of our principal asset, the Crown lands, had also increased. He was aware that criticism of loan expenditure from his side of the House was always interpreted as showing that the Labour Party were opposed to a borrowing policy. He, however, wished to deny that. The Labour Party were not op posed to borrowing money for the develop ment of the resources of Australia. He re joiced tha tthe revenue had increased last year, but it behoved them to find out what had accounted for that increase. He found that it had been due to land sales and the railways. He had gone to the trouble om looking in to the financial position of the railways in 1906, and in 1910. As a result he had found that notwithstanding new lines had been opened, the amount earned by the carriage of passengers and goods, the prin cipal items of revenue, in 1910 was less by £16,000 than it was in 1906. Then the ex penditure in 1906 had amounted to £1,201, tu0, while in 1910 it had amounted to £1,097,00u, or a decrease of £104,000. During that year there had been the fire at Midland Junction running into some thousands of pounds, and also increased the expenditure entailed by the granting of the 48 hours system to the railway workers. Of that £100,000. not less than £70,000 was re presented by savings in wages and salaries, and he demanded an explanation of that in the interests of the country from the mem ber for Murray. In 1910 they had earned less and shown £100,000 more profit and had saved £70,000 in wages and salaries as com pared with 1906. Either that indicated sweating on the part of the management at the present time or it was a damning in dictment of the administration of the mem ber for Murray. In regard to the results of the construction of agricultural railways, he stated that last year there was a loss of £5,074 in the operation of those lines. He did not object to that because he realised that from a number of those agricultural lines there was an indirect benefit, and they could not be expected to yield direct profits for a few years. But one was, justified in looking through the report and seeing that three political railways, the Katanning-Ko jonup, the Wickepin- Narrogin, and the Toodyay-Bolgart, which all stood out pro minently as having been passed for political considerations rather than with the desire to develop the agricultural interests, repre sented £3,70Q of the total loss. Turning to the administration of the Mines Department, he said that he had year after year called at tention to the danger of leaving the expen diture of a lump sum under the Mines De velopment Vote in the hands of a Minister such as they had at the present time. but never had they had a concrete instance of dishonesty on the part of those who gained assistance from that vote until the member for Boulder had exposed the Berteaux affair. The inquiry which was then made had prov. ed that that vote should not be in the hands of the present Minister, and that he was not worthy of the confidence which had been placed in him. They knew that Berteaux had been a particular friend and a loyal supporter of the Minister's. Minister for Mines: Why do you try to convey the impression that that grant was made while I was in office? Mr. Johnson said that it was strange to see the attempts of the Minister to burk inquiry, and when the Attorney-General would not take action it made one think that there was a running of friendship right through the granting of that loan. He would not have said one word had Berteaux been prosecuted by the Attorney-General. for there was no disputing that he had wrongly obtained the country's money, and that he had made a false statement, and the fact that that had been done demanded in the interests of clean administration that bhe should be made an example of. When one found the Attorney-General saying that no action was going to be taken one was justi fied in saying that there was more behind that question than had been brought out by the inquiry instituted at the instance of the member for Boulder. Dealing next with the administration of the railways, he con demned the Minister for his action in re fusing to give recognition to the Railway Officers' Association, because they were affili ated with the other railway servants, al though the Premier had himself recognised them. They had formed an association limited to the officers, but with the desire to work with theiother workers in the service they had decided to affiliate to the extent of having a joint executive, but with no powers other than to consider matters and refer back to the respective associations. The Commissioner had then informed them that unless they discontinued their affiliation their associ~tion would not be recognised. If that attitude were persisted in the Com missioner would compel the officers to join the Railway Employees' Association and oe cupv the position which the Minister did not desire, i.e., officers sitting in one meeting with those under them and discussing railwa3 matters. The Premier had said that the officers association would be recognised. The Minister for Lands: No. Mr. Johnson, continuing, said he wished to refer to the fact that the Railway Depart ment transferred married men to Merriden. although at that centre there was not the sli.htest iccommodation nrovided for them. with the result that they had to establish two homes. If the did not consent to the years and did not receive any promotion. That was the reconsideration which they got of their position if they made overtures on the question of transfer. There was another matter to which he wished to draw atten tion. Mr. Hedges had taken up country somewhere about Doodlakine, but did the Minister know anything about 22 Italians being brought from Kurrawang to Doodla kine and taken back again? An Opposition voice: That was only about one crate load. (Laughter.) Mr. Johnson said they were not conveyed in a crate, but in a covered-in van. Was the Minister aware that 22 Italians went down to work that land, and that they re turned in a covered-in truck labelled as goods and effects? (Laughter.) They were labelled "two tons of effects," so he had been informed, and bad stretchers provided for them in the vans, whereas ordinarily there was no sleeping accommodation. 't had been suggested that the matter was not worth" of inquiry. but it made him believe that the Minister already knew a good deal about the matter. Mr. Johnson then refer red to the Colonial Secretary, and contend ed that that Minister had devoted no atten tion whateser to the administration of those n,easures which had as their object the pro tection of the general health of the commu nity and the conditions of the workers. He raid that the administration of the Early Closing Act and the Factories Act had been disregarded, and that although the report of the Committee of the House in regard to the latter measure was unanimous and urged certain reforms, vet it also had been disre esrded. Then there was the question of a Sris.rday half-holiday. The majority of the people ware in favour of it, but they found the Minister paying most attention to the I i- people, such as Brennan Bros., Foy and G.bson. and others. who were opposed to the movement. Again, as regarded hospita's, the lives and health of people in the back country were disregarded. The Colonial Secretary's desire apparently was not to grant increased hospital facilities, but to close up hospitals already in ex istes ce. Mr. Johnson criticised also the ad ministration of the immigration vote. and. contended that the whole of the expenditure was from loan funds. Farmers were advocating immigration, be cause it was a glorious opsortunity for them to secure cheap labour. Lecturers were sent throughout England telling stories and painting pictures which were not borne out by fact. He wanted to lay the charge against the Ministry, particularly the Min ister for Railways, that they were loading up the railway system with immigrants. The new arrival was placed in the railway system and the Australian in some cases wha was experienced and had been in the department for some time was dismissed in order to create the vacancy. He wished to refer to the want of activity on the part of the Attorney General. He wanted to ask him why he did not pass an amending Arbitration Act. The worker un der the Act as it stood to-day had only one way of entering his protest. They had adopted the course in the tramway trouble. They had ceased work as a protest against an injustice. It had been proved that the Act was not sufficient to cover all the diffi culties but the Administration refused to anend it. The verdict in the case against him in connection with the tramway trouble was distinctly vindictive. There was a grave difference of opinion as to his guilt on that occasion Two gentlemen sat on the Bench. One declared that he was guilty of aiding and abetting a strike. The other gentleman declared otherwise, and he delivered his verdict absolutely on the e idence. He admitted that when there was a difference of opinion the Magistrate's version should prevail, but it was abso lutely vindictive, seeing that there was a difference of opinion, for him to impose the maximum penalty. Being satisfied that it was an unfair verdict he decided that he would not pay the fine. The Magistrate stated that there was a two months' pen alt- for non-payment. As a protest he decid ed that he would rather do the two months imprisonment than pay an unpuut penalty. Instead of proceeding to imprison hiim, however, they decided to make hil. pay the penalty by placing bailifts in his house. He was informed that if he did not pay the bailiffs were going to be put in his house the nIxt day. To protect his wife and family he was compelikd to pay the unjust penalty. It might be askcd why he had not appeald, but he had been prejudged by the Supreme Court without the slightest evidence having been called. The Ministry of the day had not been game enough to send him to Fremantie: but had decided rather to sell up his few sticks and haraes his family in order to make him pay the £50. The Tramway Co. had asked for special police protection for the blacklegs on the cars, but the Ministry lad not enforced payment for those constables. Mr. Scaddan: They have all got free passes. Mr. Underwood: That is the Yankee system. Mr. Johnson, continuing, said that the Commissioner of Police had sent a bill to the Tramway Company for the special con stables, but the company had refused to pay it, and it was written off by the Ministry of the day. He had beer. informed that that was correct. Ho would now pass on to the vote for the establishment of freezing works at North Fremantle. The Minister in order to get this vote through led them to believe that he wanted the money in order to establish freezing works and abattoirs at North Fre mantle with a view to the export of lambs. The Minister pointed out that they were producing more lambs every year, and that the export would increase. But the ex pont had decreased and last year it had absolutely ceased. The price of lamb per pound was to-day higher than it was two or three years ago. The Minister, however, did not now say that the establishment of abattoirs and freezing works was the main necessity. He had started sale.ards which would only contribute to the building up of the meat ring, which had been a curse to the country. These yards would further come into competition with the municipal yards which would shortly be in existence at Midland Junction. He proposed now to cite a few instances of mal- administration in the Lands Department. Pamphlets had been issued in London under the authority of the Government which were absolutely misleading, and in some cases contained distinct falsehoods. The statements were made that special areas were available for special communities, that homestead farms of 160 acres were being granted as well as C.P. land to the extent of 2,000 acres at 10s. per acre. They could not get good agricultural land at 10s. per acre. The publications containing these misrepresenta tions were circulated, while Sir Newton Moore was in England. The Clark party of immigrants had been induced to come to Western Australia by such misrepresenta tions as that special areas were being set aside to establish special communities. The members of the Clarke party had been encouraged to sell .their farm and their stock, but as the latter was valuable they had brought some of it to Western Aus tralia. When they arrived in this State they were told they could not get a special area. The Premier had tried to cloak the matter up by stating that they were a good family. He (Mr. Johnson) said that the party known as the Clarke party were among the best agriculturists that had come to the State. The House had been told that the party were now fixed up, but he wanted to know who was going to pay them for the expense they had been put to owing to the misrepresentation which had been made to them in the old country. He claimed that that one case was sufficient to damn the administration of the Lands Do partment by the present Minister. Then let them take another case. A Mr. Sprig gett had applied for a block of land, and had gone to the stationmaster at Doodla kine, and got him to witness the applica tion. That stationmaster was not a person appointed to witness applications, and con sequently Mr. Spriggett's application was informal. Another application for the same block had been put in by Mr. Lilley, but his application had been refused and Mr. Spriggett was granted the land. Not withstanding that Mr. Spriggett's applica tion was, for the reason he had stated, in formal, Mr. Lilley had got no satisfaction until lie placed the matter in the hands of a solicitor. Now he (Mr. Johnson) under stood that the granting of the area to Mr. Spriggett had been cancelled, and Mr. Lilley had got the land. What he desired io know was why Mr. Lilley should under the circumstances have had to employ a solicitor before he could' get satisfaction. Another case was one in which Mr. Osborn, the member for Roebourno, was concerned. Mr. Osiorn had, been .on ,Jine 30 granted an area of about 2,000 acres at Geetarning. One block was under section 55:(residence), and the other non-residence, and there was also a homestead farm. Mr. Osborn had evidently become dissatisfied with the area at Geetarning, and he had applied, ab solutely correctly, for the amendment of his application to the Kumminin area, and it wits to be said to his credit that he had applied for absolutely the best blocks in that area. They found that the Land Board had refused to grant him the block he applied for at Kumminin under section 55 (residence), but granted him the block he applied for under section 56, provided he applied for it under section 55. That decl sion was wrong, because at the time Mr. Osborn held the residence block and home stead at Geetarning, and it was invalid for the Land Board to grant him the area at Kumminin under section 55, as it was im possible for one man to hold 2,000 acres under tne one section. To cover up the mistake the residence block at Kumminin was transferrel to another person. On August 9 this block had belonged to Mr. Osborn, and on August 13 it had been trans ferred. There had been no opportunity to gazette it, and hIo desired to find out how the person to whom it had been transferred knew Enat it was open for selection. He maintained that this man must have been tarning still belonged to Mr. Osborn, and yet it had been transterred to someone else. Among the 35 applicants for the block at Kumminin, which had been granted to Mr. Osborn, was a Mr. Molloy, who realising the injustice. that had been done, petitioned against it. That was two months ago, and up to date nothing had been done. He hoped the Minister for Lands would give an expla nation in regard to the matter. In connection with the Myers case of dummying. he was not satisfied with the reply given by the 'Premier, and was con vinced that there was a great deal more to be said in connection with that case. He condemned the practice of the Lands De partment in accepting deposits of £1 on blocks of land in order to protect them from appropriation by other people. Such deposifa were absolutely illegal under the Act. The flora and fauna reserve, which they had al. ways looked upon as safe and impossible of being frittered away by the Minister grant ing areas to different people, he now found to be not an "A" reserve. When a railway was built to it the Minister should at once have declared the area an "A" reserve, in order to protect it. for the people, but that had not been done, and viewing other acts in the Minister's administration, it became unsafe to allow that area to remain unpro tected any longer. Minister for Mines: Who was the first to grant an area of 'it? Mr. Johnson admitted that he had done that because unless a small company had been given that area the cogsetition against Millars' Company would have been further limited. The combine had recently erected one of the most extensive mills in the State in close proximity to the reserve on an area that was almost cut out. If that. had been an "A" reserve there would be no danger from the proximity of that mill, but as it was the reserve was at the mercy of the Minister to grant an area without consulting Parliament. The area should be created an "A" reserve, and he trusted that that would be one of the first actions of the new Go vernment. (Laughter.) Continuing, he quoted other instances of alleged irregu larities in regard to the selection of land, and said that there must be scores of other such cases, which went to prove that they had not a competent Minister in the Lands Department. In regard to the throwing open of the Watheroo areas he complained that boom valuations had been placed on the blocks, and that the land had been subdivided into areas that were too small for profitable farming. He further wanted to know why they were losing the services of Professor Lowrie, after the Minister for Lands had claimed special credit foe having secured thlat gentleman for Western" Australia. He thought ProfessorvLowrie's departure should be explained, although he thought it was due to some action on the part of the Minister. The Minister for Lands: You are quite wrong. Mr. Johnson: Well you should explain it. I would sooner see the Minister leave the State than Professor Lowrie. Continu ing, MJr. Johnson said the Leader of the Opposition had been criticised for comment ing on the Redistribution of Seats Bill before he had seen it, but it was an open secret that the measure was being passed, not to give adequate representation to the people, but for party purposes, and with the object of increasing the strength of the Government. Then there was the ques tion of the reform of the Legislative Coun cil. Its omission from the Premier's pro gramme was evidence of his seriousness re garding the matter. What was wanted was not merely the reform of the Legis lative Council but the abolition of that Chamber. Referring to railway construe. tion, Mr. Johnson said they should have na advisory board appointed not by Cabinet but by Parliament-a board not to report only to Cabinet but to Parliament. The Premier had distinctly proved that men were introduced into the country who were not agriculturists. The imir'grant was gradually but surely taking the p.ace of the Australian worker in the towns. While the British immigrant was coming in at Fre mantle the Australian workers were leaving. Western Australia. The "West Australian" newspaper was running the Governmen . It was apologising for their blunders every morning, and exaggerating their succe~cs. It dictated to the members on the Govern ment side of the House and told them in that morning's issue that they must not speak. The article was no doubt inspired by the Ministry, who realised that if the members got up to speak they must speak as their convictions guided them and they would be compelled to criticise the Adminis tration. The Premier's nature would not permit him to do justice to the toilers. The whole Ministry had no regard for them. (Opposition cheers.) On the motion of Mr. Troy the debate was adjourned. 