IMMIGRATION QUESTION. Danish Manifesto. Mr Wade, the State Premier, has re-<*> ceived from Mr T. A. Coghlan, Agent-<*> General, the following communication, under date 11th February:— ? -'.'By last mail I had tho honour to forward to you a translation of a notice, "which has recently-been published in the .leading Swedish newspapers as a warn ing to, intending ouiigrants to Australia. I-n,ow."beg to au'bjoiu copy of a warning which has been issued by the Punish Go verhhiont in the same connection, viz.: i.The Minister for Foreign, AU'airs pub lishes 'tho following:—'As inquiries re 'gardih'gthe state of aiTairs in. Australia; ahd -New Zealand are addressed to Minister of"i'oreign Affairs fiH)m day to ?diiy, the Ministry, iioinits out .that α-s the -'ditttcultica ".for emigrants to, subsist in th'oso countries have latterly, largely"dn croused.'Danos in search of oniployment !are earnpsOly. dissuaded i'roni going to. the! countries iiamod.'.' 1 In. response to. this, tho i'roniier has * caused to'bo/aespatc'hod to the Agont ; General: for' publication in the KuglisU ? press,- the following cable; , .message:— '.'Tho'..l > aemior .pf -Now South Wales sitroiigly resents, publication "by Danish Muiistry of rForoignrAtt'airs -of warning j against; Australia" as ; field for emigration. He-"states that, no country iii the world to-day offers'a better field for the indua- Hribua worker .thiin. New South Wales, ; especially for agriculturists or rural la borers willing to-go, into country dis tricts. Ginco establishment Government Assisted system, 1900, immigration. - to Now South Wales'.has grown, rapidly, un ; til now considerablo stream arriving. Immigration Bureau, after exhaustive : check of bydrsea arrivals and; analysis passengers, announce'; gain from ?'Great Britain alono to Now'Sput'h Wales : during 1009' of ten thousand r genuine set tler class 1 . All these satisfactorily set- Hied without^: delay. Practically z, no un ?emiftoyed in State present time; but huge unsutisfiod demand agricultural and .do mestic labour/ remunerative wages. Since luqu Now South Wales' assisted 14,009 iiiiuiigrauts, Governmon? guai-antoeine work agriculturists and -.domestic .ser . vants, arid; placing in-.; satisfactory em ployment day laadiug. Hundreds .of these .immigrants' mado. homes on land, owning freehold, now. prosperous farm ers;' all- others earningf.about , dwble wages received older countries. In same period 179,50-1 people arrived in 'New South Walds, and 27S,liia in AuetraUa froui- oversea. In. 1909, 51,025 people arrived Now~"Soutk Wales from oversea, and 83,000 ia Comm'omvoalth.". : 