senate Electionis^ T seiator Sir. Robrt. Best atn , Broadford i \--On-Tuesday evening Senator Sir % Robert Best, Minister of'Customs, p iddressed a' large and enthusiastic t( Siu'dience of electors in the Mechanics' o Hall. The chairman of -the local p SLiberal Leagud (Cr. J. W. Campbell) w "in- introducing the speaker said it tl was a great compliment to the o t"eague and the people of Broadford a in having a Minister of the Crown ithat evening seeing th'at Senator k Best would not start his country tl campaign till 8th March. f On rising Senator Best received a e: :hearty cheer. le said it was his it duty not to overlook Broadford i because in 1906 whed he was asso- it 6iated with the government of that it day it wlas his duty to make certainh c .roposala to Parliament to assist the r paper'miils in the matter of granting G ,this industry the necessary protection fe *quired in order..that they, Tansy w piete with- the" oih'erncounties as Sanahewa. pleased to. learn of the pi great progress that had been made tc since that- year. Turning, to the .uestion of the moment-the com- T ing-elections--the candidate said it g was a deplorable fact that so many C of the electors in the Commonwealth i failed to exercise the great privilege a extended to them. The returns for as ihe last election showed that out "of A every 100 men in Victoria only 63 h ,".voted and out of- every 100 women n ...nlVy43mado use of the franchise. ti 'Every credit is due to the Labour a Party for the. organisation 'and he b would say unto them--" Go and do aI Slikeiise." There had been three L disorganised parties in Parliament b tintil quite recently, but by reason of. n force and siroumstances these o 'parties have bsen united into one tl strong Liberal Party (A Voice-To down the Labour Party) for the E parpoze of securing proper repre- L sentation of the people and, demoora- oi tic:legislation and the record of the - past session showed that this had in been achieved.; (A voice- By. the p assistance of the Labour Party) I (A.iother-'We can't trust the people w who itre going' to administer it ) w Senator Best-The Labour Party are ni ifraid' to trust the people. .Thbe pi Lbour Party are out to capture the tt political machine and if the Liberal fc Party are fools enough to let them ie do so, then they deserve to suffer rn If the Labour Party got into power 'm i' would mean putting back the at hands of progress for many years to' ta .ome and the result would be nothing tdl but a campaign of.strife and friction T The Lahour Party are never tired of' F Shijnb at. $bo-State Pdrlismai6nt8'. --If r Sthe desired to see the aoentry pro- ol gress and prosper it was necessarv that the Federal and State Parlia smenrit'hould work togethdr in bar- lt many for the benefiit of the samea i people. The 2nd :disaster that .would occur was that they would ii have'power to destroy the Financial Agreement '(\:Voice-The Labour h Party i'iitiAted it ) .'v The ,gresmen1 is the outcome of S negotiations between the Comm9n- b wealth' and States who really brought " shut a settlenent of the questioc. tl The original idea 'was that the v revenue' derived fr-om' the Customs o and Excise shoUia ba paid jths' td ibhe Stats and }th to tire Common-' t wealth, you voted for a perinanent 1 itatingement but a sufficient mnajority v was hot obtained and an alteration in a the constitution Nvas made so that 'a g .final"adjustment of this matter " should be made in ieo, years. In Augutst last - .conferenoe of. repre- I sentative heads of the States .die cussed'the matter'fith the Federal governmeint it wigs deecided theri that the Coin'monwsilth Parliamnt hisviog'certain responsibilities, should receive mrirereenas and-the pro; posal as thiat out of the revenue b'the Statte@ should receive 25s per. iapitia... This was where the hvpro- ' Soisy of the Labour Party came in' 'No sooner the:agreement had beeni :made hut'the Labour Party stepped .: and said it was their scheme. By some accident or another the Labour I Party.had made a suggestion that 24s per head should be paid to the States. When they discovered this -.was adoltel Mr lHushes and others :.-: was'.for political purposes .only and that was where the hyprooisy came sin for they were afraid to trust theb people. The 3rd disaster that would follow would be. an Industrial Up heaval.? The Labour Party have stated that they want to arrest from the 'States the power to'control ino \--dustrial legislation. Mr Fiscaoher has ' disclosed, that he is opposed to Wages Boards, but is trying to evolve some wild fantastic scheme .h.abouit indhestial legislation .that rwill never bh achieve t without an :" alteration oi the Constitution. Their favorite occupation seems to be chasing rainbows. The next calamity would be the arresting of the system of immigration. The Commonwealth . end States are joining together in~as. listing to bringsuitihle emigrants to S.our shores Over 120,000 persons ' "had applied to the Agent General -":during the past year but owing to :' the stipulation made that only men t;."trained in agriculture were required i..-only:J0,000 were admitted to the .ommowealtbh, Now what do they fod the 'Lsbour party want to throw I- bis out. (Interjeotions were numerous'here SFtridthl Ctsirma'n had to rise san . . . . . . . . ' . - .. .ask.several present trrestrain themrm siIves o-celse leaive the building.] Continuing thl candidate said the ti Trades Hall had passed a resolution in favor of preventing the influx of Y immigrants to the Commonwealth. t (A voice-A false statement.) A warning was issued by the Danish y people to its countrymen not to come e toAustralia o\ing to the difficulty ' l of subsistence and the Trades, Hall u passed a resolution in favour of that a warning, which was conclusive proof that they were in favor of throwing tl out the immigration " question altogether. - Preferential trade with our own P: kith'and kin was touched upon by it the candidate who remarked that the sc foreign trade had grown to such an b extent that the Deakin government e1 in fixing the tariff passed 294 items tl in which the British merchants wete n interested in, allowing them a pre. cl ference on these items to a 5 per cent. duty and on dfreigo aiticles 1 raising the duty higher so that w Great Britian may have the .pre- I ference. .Thir desire'.was td trade, h' wichti.'tEii.'own- Opeople'ý1,.at ier't-an 06 assistý theiforeigner to getiricti artid s probably some day use his wealth to fight Australia. . Our Imperial Responsibility- S Those responsibilities were truly a great. One of the first acts of the t Government was the ollering to England of a Dreadnought, which ( arises from that act the present scheme foi the naval defence of C Autiralia, Under British aid they F had been advised what to do and d now they were able to present to Aus tralia a fiavy whidli is to form part ' and parcel of the British Navy, to a be manned by Australian officers , and men. Now they had a navy 14 times as powverful as that offered l by the Laibour Government, costing nearly £3,5t0,000 of which the sum of £250,U00 is to bi contributed by the mother country. . Now ther aime-to the matter of e Effective Protection. Were the Laboir Party prepared to carry that d out. (Voices-Yes.) the Candidate s -Never-What did Mr Fischer say in his policy speech' about' offectivo protection. Nothing at all. What c Mr Fischer did say was- Rightly or wrongly, (referring to protection) it was the law of the land. That was not the language of the convinced protectionist In the Senate when the tariff was being compiled he had I fought night after night for a pio teotive tariff on high speed engines, rock drifts and. other mining machinery, while the Labour Party stubbornly refused to place a pro tective tfriff on these niachines so e that they cotld be made in' Australia The new protection cry of the Labor Party waustolen from the Liberal 'Paity, y.-Mr'Dealin wa?·i theliiah'fli'er . of ite new protection. . ' . . hbe Candidate then rufeired to the Waged Bolrds in Victoria of wh4bih iI there %was upwards of 60," and othirs in tlie other -.tates. A'voice-'They baven't got them. in " Tass'y ' The Cadfidatte-No, nrot yet but it will not belong cefore they do. "Pro I 'vision.had been made in the Inter- I State Bill that these tribunals ' hould i bb iii force in all the States. If the Statea Go'ernmeit did not carry this ous the Federal government would step in anýt correct these state of affairs. " T'ri Candidate then refeirid to the coming contest when on the 13th April the eleotors of the Com monwealth would be called upon to select their representatives and also give-their deciion on certain matters such as the Referendum of taking oier the States' Debts and the | Financial Agreement and to ,both of these he would urge them to say yes. . " " In Meernda there was no maore qualified ma'i than' their old member !lr Harper, a main of great ability and he hoped they would ietu-n him .astbeir representatite. In the SSenate. the selected.. thire . for the SLiberalvotie were Senato . Trenwiitl . r. Thos Skene and himself and he iwould connmend these to the people I for favorable consideration. The Cadniidat. then resumed his seit admidst applause.. Questions * MrCrowle-Did tihe candidate say he was in favor of Wkges Boardsa',.. - I bthat I assisted 'the governiment in the matter. Mr Crowle-Did not the Labour, I Party also assist.. The Candidate--Yes, they did. Mr Ankor referred -to the voting powers in "1E99 when Sir.Malcolm d-Mcackran was voted fcr ,on- tiwo occasions by one man.. , ' .... 1 he Candidate said he remeumbred the time when the law of ".'iria was that a man if he o\iwned property in more than one place he could vote in more than one constituency. .Mr Munro voted no.less than 12 times at one election, but those laws have been ahbolisbhal, the law of the Com*. monwealth now was-one man one vote '; Mr "rowle'then read extracts from the Age and SydneyS papers about 1 the freetraders and protectionists .in the Fede:ual Government The speaker said hi was not] d responsible for any comments made e by newspapers. y Mr Crowle-The candidate re "v ferred to rooli drills, He had used' rock drills at Bendigo but the Ae American drills were far superior to d the Australian maide' The Candidate-I-cau qulte- under statid-ra :freetrader-=believing ar the imported articles being much shperior to that made in his own country. \- MrJones inquired if the candidate was included in the Cabinet who met. in secret caucus of the Premier's over the Financial agreement. The Candidate-I am pleased to say yes to that question I was a member of that cabntst which was held in secret, and it was essential that it shouldi be held in secret, as it; was undesirable that information of so grave a nature. should be made public. Mr : Jones-Had the t abinet the authority of the Fusion party to put the agreement iu The Candidate-Undoubtedly - they had, this-, bill was initiated -by the preserit government and it. could- not be submitted unless a majority of 38 passed it and it.had also.to pats the Senate, so it could tie sern that it had a majority behind it:, With 2 or 3 exceptions, in cludtlig Mr Hdrper who did not vote. Mr Crowle referred to the question of the Labour Partyopposed to tie im migration, scheme as mentioned by the candidate. s nienlber of the Closer Settlement Board said it would require a man with £75"t capital to'work the land at Cohuna and he was' sure there was -no imisigrants obtainable with that anioaint of money. There was hundreds of men pacing up and down the: id;'. and-ia' hi' --o1nion"-briunglng out'ifnmigrants was. only: assisting .to swell the nntibhers of those who were .on the track. The candidaTe :aid he thloug ht he made it clear in his address that the States and Comminilwealth were doing all they could to assist the people" on the land, of course their preterence being given to their dwn " people, but the class of immigrant required was the man who understood agriculture.' Mr Jorits itiquired why' the Federal Government tolerated the States tip pointing ;gent- generals forevery State. SThe Candidate We have nothing to do with what the States choose to do. Cr Thomas the?i proposed a heart)y vote of thanks to the candidate for. his able address, believing- at the sanie' time that he had the best of the argu msuts all through. - The motion twas seconded by Cr. McKenzie who -reniarked that, those who were constantly inteijeetitug might-have remained till the meeting closed. It slidwed bad taste: on their part as it ldoodd as if they caile for the sole puirpose of disturbing the nicet ing. He had attenidetl the first meet ing of the Labour Party and there was nothing said to' interfere with the can- . dida'e and he thought that every man should be treated alike. lie had much pleasure itu reconding the vote of thanks which was carried unaninmbusly. A vote of thanks to the chairmiean closed the meeting'. 