[ FEDERAL ELECTION. t Nominations close March 16 Polling day, April 13 I MR M W SIMMONS AT MOONAH I Mr Simmons addressed a meeting of electors for Denison at Southern b hall Moonah last evening there was a good attendance the hall b-ingfniilv well till ed Mr E J Burgess occupied the chair Mr Simmons dealt fully with the matters likely to immediately) engage the attention of the Federal Parliament at the present time Referring to the matter of immigration, he gave information as to the intentions of the Commonwealth Government in connection with its pastor Boheme The candidate dealt fully will the finance ii agreement, at Purnim,; the vital importance to this State it its adoption, and I mention ed th is on e of the early benefits of our! cd flour Ihn ratification of the agreement was the adoption of penny postage in each State to li" followed us soon as possible by penny postage rhioiifehout the Coiumo i wealth On the motion of Mr PI me, a 'hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr him i (n for his id li ess, ind, on the motion of the candid its, in sin did vote was accorded the chairman MR SHOOBRIDGE AT PONTVILLE Mr Shonbiidtc, the candidate for the TI calling seat in the House of Representatives addressed the electors on Friday night last at the Public hall Mr Shoobridge gave in interesting and instinctive address, which was warmly re ceives He dwelt principally on the land question, compiling the results of the English and Danish systems in prod m tion The rent System, by taking all the profits of the farmer, hindered production and the freehold system by securing the results of his industry to the farmer encounged production, and the fashion by having more money to spend, could through the State spend more on education and public works The object of the Labour party was to organise all workers to act collectively by means of State control, and not to allow the monopoly power of private companies to take the profits of production In answer to the question whether the candidate believed in unification, the candidate replied that, as time went on, there would be a natural merging of further State powers into the Commonwealth, but that the State would still have lune tariff to perform within well-defined limits The usual votes of thanks were accorded Rev C Corcoran presided THE BASS SEAT. The electors were addressed by Mr. David Storrer in White's-hall, Lottah, on Friday evening in connection with his candidature for the Bass seat in the House of Representatives. Between 20 and 30 persons were present. Mr. Storrer, following what is stated to be the Am- erican practice, does not enlist the services of a chairman to preside over his political meetings. no dealt with the principal matters of Federal import on the lines hitherto observed by him. He received an attentive hearing, and replied to all questions asked to the satisfaction of those present. FEELING AT STANLEY. , This district has experienced quite an influx of political aspirants (both Federal and State during the past week. Mr. King O'Malley made his second visit on Friday, his first reception being none too favourable on account of it being on race night. Senator Mulcahy and Captain Fisher, of Zeehan, were to have spoken here on Friday evening, assisted by the Premier (Sir Elliott Lewis), but the late arrival of the Governor and party altered all the reception arrangements, and politics were out of the question. However, both gentlemen interviewed a number of electors, and should be well gup parted here. On Saturday evening Mr, R. K. Ready, one of the Senate Labour candidates, spoke to about 35 electors at Stanley, and received a good Hearing. Mr. Jas. Belton, M.H.A., of Wynyard, acted as chairman at this meeting. Mr. Ready took Senators Mulcahy and Dobson to task for their disparaging utterances concerning the Labour party. DARWIN DIVISION. - '. :" CAPTAIN FISHER'S CHANCES. LAUNCESTON, March 15. Senator Mulcahy, who has just completed an electioneering tour through the North-West Coast districts, was in Launceston to-day. ' He told a representative of "The Mercury" that prospects are, generally speaking, satisfactory in the Darwin electorate. He spoke at some of Captain Fisher's meetings, and both of them met with a gratifying reception. At Wynyard their meeting was well attended, and the farming population, which was largely in evidence, took up Captain Fisher's cause with considerable enthusiasm. They also had an excellent meeting at Forest. Captain Fisher's chances are improving, and if an active and organised short he made in the constituency it will not be difficult for him to obtain sufficient votes to oust Mr. King O'Malley. Senator Mulcahy points out that Captain Fisher will obtain more votes in Zeehan than any other Liberal candidate could hope to poll and, besides this, some of the outlying mining centres are ("your- note to him. At Deloraine last night Senator Mulcahy had a meeting, though the attendance was not large. THE BASS SEAT. , , ALDERMAN OLDHAM TO STAND. LAUNCESTON. March 15. The position of affairs with regard k the Bass seat has to-night and organise a very decided alteration, inasmuch as Alderman Oldham, who has taken time to consider the representations which have been made to him, has definitely decided to enter the lists. At present it is hard to say how his action will influence the contest for the seat in the House of Representatives, but it cannot be doubted that it will at least have the effect of inducing a much larger number of electors to go to the poll. The position of the Fusion candidates for the Senate will thus be strengthened, and a larger vote will he cast in favour of the financial agreement. These are important considerations in fact, the determining factors in the case, seeing that a straight-out contest between Mr. Storrer and Mr. Jensen would probably result in favour of the la bear, in consequence of Liberals abstaining from voting. MEETING AT DEVONPORT. DEVONPORT, March 15. Ex-Senator O'Keefe addressed about 80 electors in the Town-hall to-night, Mr. T. Donnelly presiding. The candidate criticised Fusion tactics, and stoutly advocat- ed the Labour party's platform. Replying to a question, he unhesitatingly favoured the federal inspection of produce, and the testing of the High Court ruling on the recent prohibition of clean potatoes at Sydney. MR. DEAKIN AT BRISBANE. BRISBANE, March 15. The Prime Minister addressed a large gathering in the Exhibition-hall. He devoted must of his- attention to the financial agreement and the proposition as to the taking over of the State debts, and in condemnation of the land tax, as proposed by the Labour party. Mr. Deakin had a fine reception. A VICTORIAN ELECTORATE:. M ELMO URNE, March 15.. Colonel McCay, formerly member in the House of Representatives, was selected this afternoon as the Com til wealth Liberal party's nominee for the Somali', in place of Mr. Thos. Skene. Sir George Turner, the first Federal Treasurer, was" pressed by a number of influential citizens to nominate for the Splints, in place of the late Mr. Skene. Sir George firmly declined, however, to again enter the political arena. STATE RIGHTS AND STATE DEBTS TREASURER WADDELL'S VIEWS. SYDNEY, March 15. Mr. Waddell, State Treasurer, said to-day that till recently he had shared the fears of many that it the Federal Government had its powers enlarged it might to some extent imperil the right State Governments had to raise loans when and where they thought fit. He had, however, more closely investigated the whole question, and had studied the opinions that had been expressed pro and con., with the result that he had come to the conclusion that if the Federal Grrveni ment had its power enlarged in this respect, it could not affect the independence of State Governments to borrow in the future, as they had done in the past. 