General Cables t The Vot'nn j us.' i -suing denials of the statements of Si- nor ..nat:«'as ( Spanish Pcemier) and his supporters in( reference to the con- troversy. A Jinut'ed . exiiress' train was wrec ked ' near"//. .IViriiaSfibro, 'arid several fi nalities occurred. It is intimated that ex-President Roosevelt . may stay out of Net" York politics during- the 'coming" campaign " as a result of the Repub lican State 'Committee. A fire in the warehouse district in Jersey City (New York) on Wednes day inieht paused damage estimatoo at £200,000:' " The " Morning Post" declares that there is- nothing wrong ' with the " s't/all of- the Canadian: Army except its numerical insufficiency and1 its far too limited opportunities. It thinks the fighting value of' the militia is of equal- value" to' that of the Brit ish Territorials. Reports show that the relations be t-wecn the Koreans and the Japanese .have become" more friendly. The nc ./ Japanese President, General Terau';„u/ was treated; hospitably by the Kr-v eams. ' . . . Elaborate anjangements are - being made to celebrate, the: eightieth an niversary of the Emperor J osehh's birthday Through the Austro-Hringar. ian Empire. As a memorial t<L King Edward, Sir Ernest, Cassel , has . arranged to establish! . .a foundation of £-500,000, the income of which will be used for "the,., benefit ' of poor Germans seeking employment in England and poor British. seeking employment in Germany. ... /, " It is ectecb that the decision in regard to the, Newfoundland fisheries Anglo-American dispute will be nn- , — . nounced by The .Hague..., Arbitration Court on September lOth. M"r. Canning, of - West Australia, ' has related in England his" exper- ience in the : Northern, 4 British .Press is -greatly nnpresseo, Si points; out that -"-.SSSe Valuable (to the hodist Conference Je of \- King George a English oak ann . Fret . portion, of the, S Steamer to cross hhe »» fema roSVl itimseHJf «TT„o 1,0 vet seen wha.r . beetrade has done Sys Sir WjfridEaurier's speech nuts, protectionists, in. a quandary-. ' ".Chroniclef-' ,is? not surprised, # as ae facts made havoc, with their favo.- . ite associations. , . , The Canadian iron tcel dustries are _prepaxipg to resentations to- , the .Government crease the protective duties and conv pensate them for the loss o . - bounties, which will, cease at me. end of the. present year- , , Several 'towns and yillages in province of. Bari (Italy.), are suffering from an epidemic of cholera. r-.e disease is especially severe at Team, a seaport on the Adriatic. The . an nouncement has caused alarm- esP - ially among the. poorer-classes. : Southern. Italy the. cases number 1Q0. The movement has affected the uis irict; pud will prove 'a-a&Ious; menace to the neighboring pi'ovinces; 'The police suppressed a mutiny ot 400 prisoners at Alexandria, Esryp-- One prisoner was killed and six were wounded. . M..Leblanc> aproplaning from . Dougi to Amiens,, in -France, _ outstripped 47 pigeons, which star-ted at the same time. " The New York Republican Com mittee has no miniated Vice-President Sherman, rejecting ex- jBresidmt Roost velt, for the temporary chairmanship of 'the State Convention. It is held that the action of the cpmrnit+ee ' proves that the Party "bosses" will. not allow . Mr. Roosevelt to outline -the Republican State policies. rh> New York "World" says that between Taft and Roosevelt (who made Taf t) there is a break so wide 4-V.0+ v.r> lM-iflrro. lift +,VirnwTI OVCV it. The "Sun", says it can positively be stated tliat Taft and Roosevelt have broken ariart. Bankers and financiers are protest ing against' the motor car craze, in S ' America. It is estimated that ' in Kansas ail-one £6,000;000 Eas fieen sunk in motor - cars. No less than 108,000 licenses have been issued in New York. ; An other estimate shows . that £200,000;000 is spent annual1 y upon motors in the United-- Statds. and . the cost of upkeep lamounts to a further 250,000,000 dollars. Seventy-four Archdukes , and Arch duchesses are taking part in the festivities at Tschl. din connection with the Austrian Emperor's 80th Dirtl- da.y. The " presents;., -are u(ot costly, k Wilis -"Majesty haying expressed a de sire that the - money -which- might be siWt in., that., direction should be dy- voted. +o chaiiW, . The honor s? list in . fconujection with the celebrations con-: tains the names of 300 persons, in- Cluding 1.14 wOmen. The city 1-5 brilliantly illuminated at night anil bon- fires are; blading on the pdak s of the Austrian Alps arid the Car pathians. . ; Jam'es Nicholas, who is charged : with the murder of . his father, is a ' . rpsirfont. nf P.rnirrlnTI IT.nttdoilt liV.l \- .was spending a holidiayin Ci-om- well. Maior: Nicholas . .recently went to New Zealand to-, bring home his son (the present prisoner), who is 2? years o? age, and had previously . been an inmate of a lun'atir S . asylum. The evidence at the X inquest disclosed that Majoft' Nicholas IP refused to ha»ve a keeper for . his son, despite that he had suffered from sunstroke and religious melan cholia, and had been an inmate of Auckland Asylum. The Parliamentary Committed of the Trades Union Congress has pass ed a resolution of sympathy with, the German sliipwrights, who h?vo Been locked, out from' the Balti yards. The resolution calls upon ail British trades unionists to give every assistance, financial anid otherwise, to their German comrades. Discussing the Osborne judgment, the "Daily News" states that the most experienced offi cials are convinced that -iAlc syst-. m of voluntary contributions will prove useless. It appears a branch. with 3.00 menders, rccentl v adopted a . _ Voluntary lew, hut in the folio win - week onlv two paid. Fho iromr of I v the position is that Labor, having based, itself upon, independency from liberalism an'd Toryism; is now obliged to appeal from one to- the other for reforms- Meanwhile, Lab'or is much embarrassed in the munici palities, -and its Parliamentary can didatures are reduced to a minimum. Viscount St. Aldwyn, the arbitrate- v in the South Wales and- Monmou-h shire colliery conciliation proceed inos, has refused., the application of- tee men for an advance of' 24 per cent.- in wages. Unfavorable weather has retarded the vintage m Italy, an-cl it is 5yv- mn'cd tlK\t .the total: yield of wine will be only 27,000,000 hectolitres, as . compared with 41,000,000 her tolitrcs in' 1909. It is reported at Seoul the capital at. Korea, that Viscount Terauclv has commenced final negotations for. Korea's annexation to JwPan. A Renter message reports that the sweeping chanigds being inade V-y the Chinese Government indicate that the Regent realises the failure of the last 3 8 months' policy. Foreigners and Chinese -are favorably, impressed. The Chilian President's (Fedro Montt) death in Germany has creat ed a profound sensation in Chili Political parties have agreed to the election of a successor ip. strict con formity with law. The golden wedding of Mr. and 1 Mrs. "Darius Miller was celebrated a V j Bridgeport, Connecticut, on Tuesday. I A. notable incident- ini connection f with the celebration was that .it. was attended by Mr. Darius Miller's three ' brothers. Fifty years ago Mr. Mil ler's father gave his four sons £140 each to" commence in- the world \ad all are now millionaires. A conference between representatives of the Shipping Employees' Federa tion and twenty unions connected, with the shipbuilding trade has been h'eld at Carlisle. The donf ei'ence « dl=- ' cussed the diflerence with regard to ( wages, which led to the recent stVike f 'on the Clyde and the threat of a ' general lockout. No qareement- was ! reached, but. a conciliatory spirit was' shown on both sides. . ! The Canadian Pacific Steamship ; j Company has fiought- a controlling j interest in the Allan steamship line between England and Montreal, and two new steamers of 20.000 tons each, with a speed of 21 knots, have been ordered. A Russian Prince has been arrest ed for misappropriating funds voted for cholera relief. The Danish- Greenland exploration vessel Alabama has been wrecked. Capt. Mikkelson (the explorer) arid the crew were rescued. A parcel containing a human skull and a threatening letter has been received by the police at Dacca (Bengal)', where 42 natives are on trial for seditious conspiracy. . The barque Trio, from Port Pirie, whilst rbunding Cape Horn encounter ed terrific weather. Olsen (the first mate) and Larsen (the second mate) were swept overboard and drowned. | Two coses of cholera haNe occurred on a British ship at Odessa.; the chief Russian poijt of the Black. Sea. The citizens of Sefctinje, the capi tal of Montenegro, are erecting tents 1 and barracks to accommodate 30.- 000 People, who are expected on the occasion o? the proclamation of Mon tenegro as a Kingdom. - The owners of the Spanish steaimer Mart os, which sank after collision In Sl)a,TllSn urflfpvc Tcrn+iW fVia /lorman steamer Fl.sa. whereby 45 lives were lost, are claiming £16,500 dam- ' ages- ' ' A 'Land Union," with the co operation 0f the "Daily Mail," has formulated a scheme to enable -pen sioners t 0 -acquire rural cottages, | with small holdings, on the inst.il j ment system. The cost will Be fivni ' 8s to 12s a week, extending over a ' Period of 30 years. ' By an explosion of gasoline on a ferry boat in Newfoundland, tire ?es- ' sel was 'destroyed and six pers jns 1 killed. j Thirty- three deaths have occurred at Apulia, in Southern It'alv from ' ch'olera. Nineteen died in a train in a few' hours. Stringent steps are be ing taken in disinfection and! isola tion, and the gale of old clothes has been forbidden. A ban-d of O.dessv giosies conveyed the disease to Apulia. Brit'sh, exhibitors are re-build iny '-Km- stands at the Brussels Exhibi tion. The Admiralty has a'ccepted a ten der from Thames Trnn "Works for the largest pinnace, with a 250 horse power enlaine. for Australia's cruiser, ! subject to the Commonwealth's con sent. Two German girls, aged 18 years, were ca,ught in a thunderstorm at Jung Frau and swept over a preci pice and killed. This is the twelfth fatality at Jung Frau this summer. The Bow-street Magistrate- sentenced a Territorial named Dayid Guuri";ng- ham to one month's bard labor inv disobejring a S<Ageant-Mp.jor's drill order. Drummer Krieath, a Swari'sea Territorial'; was sentenced to 14 davs' imprisonment for impertinerice to Vus Captain. Some of the newspapers, jn advocating compulsory sdrvice, sug gest that the manoeuvres prove the Territorials a failure in knowledge and physique; whilst discipline is in sufficient. . Arrangements for a tour' of' Squtn" African agriculturalists through Great Britain an'd Caria'ida .-are beiug made. During the seven months ended o July loth, 117,200 persons - Wave sailed from British, ports to the United- States, 21,183 for Austral -4: and 12,000 to, South Africa. S. H. Williamson, head of thb central unemployed body, has cabled to Australia, for offers of best in ducements to immigrants, and for letters from former immigrants there. The Commonwealth has been brought into lo-reat prominence lately. president Taft, of the United States, had an important interview with Senator Sherman, who declared that he had no intention of withdrawing from, the Chairmanship of 'the Sera toga. Convention in ex-President Roose velt's fnvor, as he had promised', on his New York platform, to strongly support Mr. Taft's administration . Sherman has urged Taft to writ" a letter fo-r early publication, and thus sound the keynote of _ the Congres sional campaign, ' especially upholding the Payne tariff. Hd pleaded for the old fashioned Republican campaign, on old fashionled lines. It is under stood that Taft promises to do so, : but will frame the letter in accor dance with his own judgment. It is understood that Sherman has agrc?d that it is impossible for Cam-no a :to be re-elected to the -Speakership. \- The progressive, Republicans are vigor ously working to control the New York Convention,, and- secure to Mr. osavelt the Chairmanship, Mr. Roosevelt has arramged. a strenuous speech-making tour, starting on the 27th instant...,. ... 