ORIENT LINER OSTERLEY. ARRIVAL OF 214 IMMIGRANTS. FOUR DEATHS AND A BIRTH AT SEA. The Orient liner Osterley arrived at Pinkenba from London, x-ia ports, yes- terday, having on board a large number of passengers, including 214 immigrants. The mail steamer was expected at the railway wharf about noon, but she arrived earlier. Pilot doherty, deputy harbour- master, navigated the magnificent liner in from Cape Aforeton. The immigrants .overo met at Pinkenba bj' Mr. O'Neill Brenan, immigration agent, and his assistant, Mr, Schultz,, and, as usual, excellent arrangements were made to liave the new arrivals brought without un- due delay to the Immigration Depot at Kanguroo Point, the tender Boko being engaged for the purpose. The immi- grants consisted of 120 nominated, 81 as- sisted, and 7 full payer», compnsing 34 mai ried men, 40 married women, 47 single men, 14 single women, 20 male and 42 íeiuale cl^ilarcn, ¡between the ages of 1 and 12 years, and two female infants. The nationalities ate : Engl'sh 132, Scotch SO, Irish 10, Danish 3, German 1, Greek 2. Italian 0, and French 1, and all are booked to Brisbane, with the exception of 2 for Bundaberg und 9 for Lucinda Point. Some of the married couples have large families, one couple having 10 children, another 9, a third 8, a fourth 7, and there are several ovitli three and four. The immi- grants said that during the voyage from London they received every attention on board the Osterley, the food being good and plentiful. While passing through tlie Suez. Canal a child xvas bonn to Air. and Mrs. Hutchison. Four deaths occurred, and these sad events marred on' otherwise pleasant voyage.' Shortly after leaving Londoa one of the stewards succumbed to an attack of pneumonia, and a little later the infant child of Austrian immigrants died. The parents disembarked at one of the Southern ports. The other deaths were those of two female steerage passen- gers, xvho, hoivever, were not immigrants, one dying from cancer, and the other from cardiac syncope. The' bodies weie buried at sea. 