GLEANINGS. The population of the metropolis of Sydney is estimated at 605,000 A daily train service will be run on the Mudgee-Gulgong line, beginning on October lGi Tho now train lino between 'Wallsond and West -Wallseud was opened for traf fic on Tuesday. .The Buthurst Synod- lias carried ii' re-, solution, deprecating' tho holding.of tho Royal Agricultural Show during Holy. Week. Sweated - sovereigns are in circulation in Melbourne, and it is stated" that'somo of them have boon reduced by as much as-5/- worth, of gold. A two- year-old child named > Albert. Lung was drowned at Oaklcigh (Vie.) in it post hole containing two feet of wuter, ' into boy. fell head first. .-- '-„ .- Mr Thomas Scully, 1 Jicensco t>f iilio lMucc of Wales Hotel, Gretu, died on Tuesday morning". Deceased was -10 yeura of ago, and had been ill for a" ioug timo. A meeting of tcuuut farmers in. the Maitland di.strict resolved to ~ protest against the Federal Land Tax, which, it . was stated, must eventually fall on the tenants. ~ The steamer Laciy Loch has , sailed - from Molbouruo to search tho islands of Bass" Stiaits for the missing lucii' from" tho Carnarvon Bay, which was wrecked 'a few daj-s ago. ... -, — Ou Wednesday three Chinese who wero ,I'ound to bo in possession, of opium, at '"Newcastle were each lined £20. ' Tho . "opium was cunningly concealed in blad deis inside tho*men's boots. Three million acres in Western Austra lia' , nro -to be surveyed to keep pace .with the domahd for land. Western Australia is getting v better class of immigrant than Canada ,or the United States. A sow belonging to. Mr A. Thompson, of Licndre, St. Marys, has given birth to a litter of 22 pigs, nnd a cow belonging to Mr D. Bullier, of Bangnroo, near Lud dcn-Rain, has.given birth to triplet calves. The oilicers and men of 'the Dutch war-" ships now in Sydney harbour aro enjoy ing the entertainment provided for them. Tho Commodore, speaking at the Hall banquet, said that Australia was the "pearl of the British Empire." A .'''.mint named William Morrison, 43 yciiis old, who escaped from Wendoureo Hospital for Insane at Ballarat on Sun-, day evening, was -on Tuesday morning . run over by a train on tho line to Bta well, and. his body was cut,to i>icees. Jlcnry Benson, licenseo of tho Zetland Hotel, Watciloo, was Jiiied-Xl and 6/ cobts ou two charges of haying unlaw fully witnessed.-certain claims to 'bo placed on the electoral roll, for Botany. He admitted knowing tho applicants had not resided 1- months in the Stale. Better far than gin or brandy, * >- ". .: ' Or so-and-so's best .'sugar"caudyy-^— _ £ - ; You should always keep it.handy, ' And iio cough need you endure. ( Whether English, Irish, Danish, * ; All your colds this euro will banish, Every cough and chill 'will' vanish With Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.' Tho body of .Aithur Edwards, "of the "Aiuadiuiis" theatrical coniphiiy, who was drowned a few days ago "by tho capbixhig of a boat, has been recovered. A diver was engaged, and ho discovered, the body under a boulder close in shore. The diver saw a big'shark close to the . spot, but* the body was untouched.' A company is being formed for.tho purpose of manufacturing bricks, 'tiles, aud drain pipes from sand.jind lime, at Stockton.'.'.:Experiments have proved suc cessful, and it is. said that bricks made by this process are superior, to thoso' made from clay. The company iiiay ulti mately establish the glass bottle making industry. \- The IS firemen of tho Lovuka, which arrived in Sydney early this week, gave '24 hours' notice on arrival and left in v i body without giving any reason.. The , steamer, with a full complement of pas sengers and a cargo, was advertised'to leave on Thursday, and in consequence - i was-held up. Tlfe firemen decline to re join the'steamer. David Brown, &i;>n of "NurbC "Brown, who stands committed for trial on tho charge of Murdering Ivy O'Brien, was before the Central I'olico Court, Sydney, on AVeclnesday, .charged with having v "Believed , comforted, and assisted Eleanor Brown, knowing her to ,havo committed a felony." He was remand ed, bail being refused. Tho ton-year-old daughter of an..." of chardist at-Castle Hill named Bcnu was' playing in tho orchard when she fell into ii borifii'ei ?- All_her. clothing,was burned oft her, and the child, who was deaf and dumb, was fearfully injured about tho face and body. Her brother -was- also bnrnt in trying to get her out of tho flames., Tho girl is not.-expected tore-, cover. ? A young 'man named Man - , employed at a. blacksmith's shop at Oraugc, ]iict with a. serious accident. -Whilo engaged wijh v drilling' niachine ho inadvertently; passed his left hand into tho , cogs of two wheols, when some of the iiugora were severely crushed and lacerated, tho amputation of one or more of the fingers being a possibility. A long' timo '???mis lost in freeing-the hand .from' the ma chine. ' ? The body of "Frank Foster, waiter, was found near 'Brown's wharf, Woolloo mnbloo, Sydney, on Wednesday.- A'-re-, volver was lying on. tho ground "near by, aiid there was blood ou the face. A letter was found on tho body, addressed ?to* tho police,'.and asking that tho writ er's gold watch arid chain bo sent to a house in Brougham-street, -whore , deceased had boon living. Tho ,noto concluded with tho words, "Good-.bye, all." ? 