LONDON LETTER. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) , THE SLANDER. LONDON, April 8. — The disturbance about tho "encumbrances' of married couples still con tinues. The week has brought forth a general . statement - of the case by tho High Commis sioner, a long letter from tho Agent-General for Now South Wales to "The Times," and a leading article in "The Times," in addition to a mass of' other newspaper criticism. Tho statements by Sir Georgo Reld and Mr. Cogh- lan have already been cabled to you. "Tho Times" makes a fighting retreat. The feature of the great Journal's comment has been n specific denial of any attack or reflection upon the Now South Wales Government. In view of this, two or three statements on this point aro very interesting. "Tho Times" in its leader of Wednesday, April 6, says: — "Our correspondent, in tho course of his article, mado absolutely no criti cism against the Australian Governments— so far from it that the wholo gist and kernel of his argument lay in an appeal to private owners of Australian lands;" Tho Australian correspondent of "Tho Times" in his original article stated: — "The State Immigration Bureau when applied to simply says, 'Wo told you so; wo cannot place married couples with children, aud therefore we do not assist them to come out.' " Mr. T. A. Coghlan in his letter to "The, Times" said: — "Tho States contribute very liberally to the 'fares of immigrants' wives and children. In the case of New South Wales tho ordinary fare of £16 is reduced to £3 in favor of tho wifo of tho immigrant, and tho fare of £8 is reduced to -£1 10s in tho case of children." A pretty little scries of contradictions. EMIGRANTS ALARMED. "The Times" insists that Australians In London are over-sensitive to criticism. It re peats that its Sydney correspondent did not mean this or that. But Australia is not con cerned about what "The Times" meant. The point is tho effect the statements, so loosely mado, have had upon tho British emigrant. It is not what was fired at, hut what was hit. And undoubtedly what was hit was tho whole Australiau immigration movement. Here is ) another letter upon tho question sent to mo personally from the Highlands by a most de sirable class of emigrant, a man with a grow ing family, who, has had considerable farm ex perience in both Scotland and Canada. He is possessed of some capital, and when "The Times" article appeared was completing his arrangements for immigration to Queensland, with the intention of working for a whilo on n farm for experience before laying out his money. This man, whom I met in Scotland a few weeks ago, writes: — "I am sending you with this a copy of the Dundee 'Advertiser' with ah article In It which rcQocts seriously on the Australians as a people. My experience of Canada is entirely different. Women of all degrees arc treated with tho greatest deference. Now we aro not. slaves to comfort by any moans, but we want common consideration and some regard for tile decencies of life. Do you think that perhaps the older-settled State of New South Wales would offer greater induce ments in this, respect? We want at least a year's experience on a farnt before taking up land of our own, but unless this can bo done with common comfort why then Australia loses somo who would make good settlors, that Is all. . . . We are quite willlug to sink or swim in Australia if wo can bo assured of a decent welcome. My wifo is an American, and it Is useless to think of evon trying it under the conditions sot forth in the article. . "ENCUMBRANCES" IN ENGLAND. A consoling comment on the controversy is supplied any day by the "Wanted" columns of tho London newspapers. For instance, tho "Standard" one day this week contained the fol lowing advertisements: — Married Couple (no family) 'wanted as Gardener nnd Ccok for Herts; act as ' caretakers when required; age not over 40. Married Couple (no family')? .wanted as Gardener and Cook for Surrey, two in family, good place. Married Couple (no family) wanted as Indoor Servant and Housemaid, for near. Regent's l'ark, small fam- ily, good wages. Married Couple (no family! wanted an Indoor Servants and Cooks for many excellent places in town and all parts of tlie country. Married Couples urgently wanted; only ex-soldiers and sailors resident in London need apply; men to wait, valet, etc., wife good plain cook, witli refer ences to that effect, no children. MARGARINE AND AUSTRALIAN BUTTER. A resolute attempt, well supported by repre sentative Australians in London, is being mado to prevent margarine masquerading as butter. It is no longer possible for the shopkeeper to soil margarine as butter, but there is nothing In tho way of those who buy the articlo as inar- garino serving it on their tables ns tho gonuino product of tho dairy. To-day immense quanti ties of this tallow, carefully prepared and colored to look and taste like butter, are oaten on tho dining tables of Groat Britain. It comes along in a thousand of tho cheaper toa- rooms and is supreme In halt a million lodging- houses. The average man, who does not trouble about his butter — so long as it is sweet — will eat margarine . for years on his toast aud roll, and never suspect that he is not eating butter. When kicking about London you get for a penny a pat of "butter," fresh and of good color, but a little clinging on the knife and slightly flat to the palate, you can bet your hut it is mar garine. Tho aim of the reformers is to prevent margarine being colored. A measure with this end in view was introduced in tho House of Commons last session, but it died1 In its early stages. Now it is again on the paper, but again unfortunately only as a private member's bill, and in the present state of politics Its pros pects arc not bright. HUGE PROFITS. But the agitation is being vigorously carried forward. If this coloring wore prohibited in tho margarine, and tho tallow looked llko tal low — white and uninviting — It would mean a very big thing to Australian butter in England.. Tho consumption of margarino as butter would coaso completely, and its place would bo taken in a very large measure by tho product of the colonial cow. Tho higher-priced' Danish butter is not so deeply concerned. This viow of tho position is held by tho Colonial Dairy Produce Committee in London, and this week Mr. J. R. King, of tho Now South Wales Coastal Farmers' Co-operative Society, and Mr. A. J. Wyett and Mr. J. A. Cameron, representing Victorian co operative interests, have brought tho .matter before the notice of the High Commissioner and tho Agents-General for New South Wales and V!c£oria. In each instance they received promises or cordial support in tho campaign aguinst colored margarine. Unfortunately the margarine industry Is a very powerful one with considerable influence, and tho fight will probably be long and strenuous. As tho manufacturers and shopkeepers sell the article as margarine, they naturally plead that they should be allowed to color it as they wish. The grievance is between the householder or tho restaurant-keeper and the man in the street. The profita from mar garine are enormous, and one produce firm alone shows by its public halancc-sbcet that it made last year upwards of £50,000 by its deal ings in tho manipulated tallow. Tho article as sold is a triumph in faking. Tho law does not allow it to contain more than 7 per cent, of butter, i and yet, as already stated, it deceives tho multitude. A FEDERAL EXHIBIT. Tho first exhibition of produco under the Commonwealth auspices 1ms appeared to-day at tho Ideal Home Exhibition at Olympia. The exhibit is a modest little show, hut all Aus tralians in London will heartily applaud tho beginning of a policy rrom which much is justly expected, in the- trophy of Australian wool and wine and fruit and other products which for cibly depicts tho range nnd richness of rural Australia, there is no division between Slato aud State. Tho Agents- General have joined most cordially in placing at tlie disposal of tho Commonwealth all the material they had on hand. It this spirit could have prevailed at .the Franco-British Exhibition a couple of years ago, tho splendid lot of ""Australian material there exhibited might easily have rivalled tbe Canadian court. Regrets, howover, are profit- ices. The point is that a proper beginning has now been made. It is to be hoped that the Fede ral Government will see it;.- way to collect im mediately and forward to London a comjjrehen-. sivo collection of produce for tho High Commis sioner's use. One of the Federal Departments should undertake both to found and maintain a supply of this description. There should be ar riving in London every month a quantity of fresh material. Nothing is produce, trophies of every ' 01 Irults> 01 J wool, and all tho resL 