NEW ZEALAND DRINK BILL. "Vellington, Wednesday..-The Rev. Mr. Walker, secretary of the New Zealand Al liance, has worked out the drink bill for the Dominion for last year. It amounts to £3.628,137, or £3 5os old per head of the population, being a decrease of £123,831 unon the previous year, notwithstanding an increase in nopulation of 26:78o. It is con sidered that the increase in no-license areas and the diminished spending power of the people both contribute to the decrease. In Sydney on Wednesday a man was fined £20 for selling condensed milk unfit for consumption. Forbes, Wednesday.-Two residents of Eugowra, James Dwyer, 54. and his son, Andrew, 29, died in the local hospital within a few minutes of each other to-day from typhoid fever. Two members of the same family succumbed to this malady last year. The fever wOas contracted at Eugowra, where a large number of cases have originated. 'The expiloration of Syditoy lHarbour for a subway or i kind of submarine bridge for a tramway service is completo. Theo snhbway will commeonce at Dawes Point and terminate at Milson's Point. At the cycling earnival in Sydney oni Wed nisday evening J. O. Ticknoer, 830 yards, won the Sydney Wheel 8Rice, two miles; R,. E. Mutton, 150 yards, 2, D. .. Plunkett, 170 yards, 3\. A. Coroneo, 350 yardls, won the third heat, beating Mutton, but was unplaced in tmhe final. Time, 4.26 2-5. G. It. Htorder won tIhe five miles scratch race. Time, 11.32. The Danish and Swedish consuls stated on WVednesday that neither. Denmark nor Sweden could spare agricultural immisrants. They declared that farm labourers were bet ter looked after in Denmark and Sweden, and enjoyed beautifully cooked food. The prison population is lower than for many years. Cost of upkeep is practically as low as any previous year. Twenty years ago the gaol population numbered 2360. To-day the number of people in gaol is only n-o. Mr. Deakin has replied in reassuring terms to several points of his policy speech raised by Mr. Wade and Mr. Perry. The total- wheat yield of the Dominion of New Zealand for t0oS-9 -was 8,772,790.bush els. An influential company has been formed to provide effective services of taxi-cabs for the Australian capitals. On Monday evening at the meeting of the City of Goulburn L.O.L., No. 61' Rev. Bro. E. G. Huntley, chaplain of the lodge, gave an interesting address on the "Early History of French Protestantism." Mr. Johnson, appointed to not as third suil way stationmaster at Goulburn. commences duties to-night. Mellbourne. Wednesday. -On , Monday night Benjamin tHutchinson, about 45, years of sge; saw two men fightini on the pavement of the B-aconsfield-par7ide. He went to separate them. when i third man struck him on the inw and he fell, his ihesd-si iking the curb. His skull was fraectured and hie died to-eday. A young man has hesn arrested in Ahsmectiou with the affaiir. The defence was completed in the conspiracy trial of thle strike leaders on Wednesday. The accused contended that they were oervants of their associations, and merely did their dutle. The accused further argued. that there was no conspiracy amongst them as each man had tgivcn expression only to his own opinions. Files whlich arrived fronm the East on Wed nersday confirm previous reports of the rapid growth of the Japanesa coal trade. owing to the extinction of Australian competition. Thie theory is advanced that the soveral rail way accidents which occurred on the Moun loins recently were due to the earth under tlhe lines being loosened by the heavy rains. It is expected that the Kylto Copper Mines will 7,oon be oni the dividend list. From in quiries made it is learned that the dividends would havod- heen declared Ibefore this but for the fact that the coal strike upset the calcula tions of the directors. 'lhs annual Trades' Union Congress, which will meet in Sydneysnests month, will be asked to consider the question of Labour fedoration. Since the strike tim Wharf I?aeurers' Union hats increased its metmberlship entrance fee to t.l, eand asoven members of the union have to sUesonrt the nomination. Every inunigrant, oavs Mr. Wtuadlo, has been offenrd employment through the Immigration BEuratu, and the demand for immigrants by em ployers is largly in. exces,.of the supply. addl cricket. At the Kensington races on Wednes'tar Demure (tte Mlodesty), 8.2, won the second division of the Approved Stakes, starting at 6 to t. - 