THE PREMIER'S REJOINDER. The Premier, Mr. Wade, received recently from the Agent-General a translation of the notice published in the leading Swedish newspapers, as a warning to intending emigrants to Australia. By the last mail from London, Mr. Coghlan sent a copy of the warning issued by the Danish Government as follows: 'Ministry of Foreign Affairs publishes the following As Inquiries regarding the state of affairs in Australia and New Zealand are addressed to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from day to day, the Ministry points out that as the difficulties for emigrants to subsist in those countries have latterly largely increased. Danes in search of employment are earnestly dissuaded from going to the country named.' " The Premier has forwarded the following cablegram for publication in the British press: Wade, Premier of New South Wales, strongly resents publication by Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs of warning against Australia as field for emigration. He states that no country in the world to-day offers a better field for the industrious worker than New South Wales, especially for agriculturists or rural labourers willing to go into country districts. Since establishment Government assisted system, laOG, immigration to New South Wales has grown rapidly until now considerable stream arriving. Immigration Bureau, after exhaustive check of oversea arrivals and analysis status passengers, announce gain from Great Britain alone to New South Wales during 1909 of 10,000 genuine settler class. All those satisfactorily settled without delay. Practically no unemployed In State present time; but huge unsatisfied demand agricultural and domestic labour; remunerative wages. Since 1906 New South Wales assisted 14,009 immigrants, Government guaranteeing work agriculturists and domestic servants, and placing in satisfactory employment day landing. Hundreds of these Immigrants made homes on land owning freehold: now prosperous farmers. All others earning about double wages received older countries. In same period, 179,594 people arrived in New South Wales, and 27S 619 in Australia from oversea. In 1909, 51,025 people arrived New South Wales from "oversea, and 3,000 in Commonwealth." 