— _ — © ? Broken Bill.— Sunday.— The Propri etary Mine has closed down. This means that six hundred men will be thrown out of work, making a total of ..2300 addition al unemployed since the beginning of the year. Coal is arriving here for the other mines, and it is not expected that any others will be closed. The French Cabinet has approved of the Navy Bill, wlii'ch provides for a battle fleet to be stationed in Home waters. The fleet will consist of 28 battleships, 10 cruisers and 52 torpedo boat destroyers. The submariue defence fleet will comprise 94 submarines, and four mine-laying vessels. Two well- known and prosperous farmers named Hugh Clark and William Francis Keys, residing at Eureka, near Lismore, quarrelled. It rs stated that Keys took a gun and shot Clark, afterwards blowing out his own brains. Both had, it is be lieved, been drinking heavily during the week. They were ordinarily on the best of terms. R. O. Walker, while fishing near Moree, found the detached decomposed head of a man tangled in the limb of a tree. The gruesome discovery was sub sequently identified as that of William Short, lately employed at a hotel in Moree. The 15 year old son of Mr S. Wilson, of Lake-Cowal, broke his leg on Saturday last and is now in Wyalong hospital. It appears he was skating on the verandah and received a heavy fall, resulting in a compound fracture of the leg. An old Cowra resident in the person of Mrs. Hannah Walsh, relict of the late Mr. Thomas Walsh, passed away in Sydney a few days ago. Mrs. Walsh was one of Cowra's oldest residents, and the news of her death has caused widespread regret. She leaves a grown up family of daughters. The body was brought to Cowra for inter ment. Mr. G. J . Pettitt, whose farm is situa ted about eight miles from Wyalong, had under cultivation about 500 acres, and it averaged 23 bushels, some going 20 and some 25 bushels to the acre. The Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued a notice in the Danish news papers in order to dissuade immigrants from going to Australia and New Zealand, as the difficulties of subsistence there had increased considerably. A little forethought may save you no end of trouble. Anyone who makes it a rule to keep Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy at hand knows this to be a fact. Sold by Jno. Taylojr, Chemist, Grenfell,. For Babies- ' There is no b: -ter, medisine made for babies i than Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Its pleasant taste and prompt and effective cures make it a favourite with mothers of small children. It quickly cures their coughs and colds an prevents pneumonia and other serious consequences. Sold by Jno. Taylor. Chemist, Grenfell. Parkes Farmers and Settlers' Asso ciation is asking the P. P. Boards to omit phosphorus poisoning in any form from the list of rabbit destructors dur ing the summer months, owing to the danger of bush fires arising from the careless use of the poison. A Word to Travellers. The excitement incidental to travelling and change of water and food often brings on diarrhoea, colic and pain in the stomach and for this reason no one should leave home without a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. It can always be depended upon to effect a quick cure. It cannot be pr cured when on board train or steamer,oand that is when it is most likely to be needed, and for this reason should always be procured before leaving home. Sold by Jno. Taylor Chemist, Grenfell. Ab a special meeting of the Bland Shire Council on Saturday, Cr W. J. Hanson was elected President for the ensuing twelve months. Different to Others. Chamberlain's Tablets do not act upon the bowels like most laxatives and cath arties. They possess such tonic properties that they soon strengthen even the weak est stomach so it can properly and volun tarily perform its functions. Chamber lain's Tablets never cause griping or pains of any sort. Sold by Jno. Taylor, Chemist Grenfell. 