FOOTBALL ROWDYISM. As was only to be expected, from the experiences of last season, the present sea son is rapidly contributing to the litera ture of larrikinism. A column or two m Monday and luesday s Mel bourne papers are occupied with reports of football roWayisui, as saults and accidents.. The South Melbourne aud Carlton cluTis are describ ed as having degraded the .game by pre senting to a packed assemblage' of specta tors at Carlton a displayof ill-toinper and ruflianism which must have .thoroughly disgusted all decent-minded people. A majority of the players pulled, jostled, and punched each other, totally ignoring the laws of tho game, and 'making no at tempt to play the ball. The unfortunate umpire (Tulloch) is. blamed for not hav ing been able to deal more effectively witli this rabble rout of footballers. But it is hardly fair to expect tliat once two teams of vigorous, hot-headed youUg men become infected with the microbes of .mis chief and combativeness that any other ) young man can control them. They got out of hand, wild and angry, aud for the time being every angry man, no mat ter how siuic he is normally, is a lunatic in proportion us anger has maetered his sense of decency and fart play. The report of the match might serve for a prie light, except for th® many cowardly blows that were struck, and for .the number of participants who were more or less injured. One of them (Streekfuss) when "shaping'' with another man, was felled1 d>y a third party, and was unconscious for some time. That is playing the game much lower down Uian Is allowed in the pugilistic ring. At St. Kiltla, where tlm local champions were playing the braves of the Melbourne Club, the players were not to blame for the larrikinism' which there occurred. -It win a section of the spectators. A mob of them with the (rue and innate cow ardliness of the mob, went for one man — the umpire, a person of the historic name of Hastings. Whether he is or is. not a relative of the Danish chief of that name who was troublesome to our .Saxon ancestors or of the modern. Warren Hastings who was so troublesome to the people of India, he appears to be- a man of mottle, ;"Fov he fought his way through his tormentors,' and still lives. The St. Ivilda people taxed (ho umpire with play ing ''against "The Saints/' Wishes w®re expressed foi liis death, and fists were threateningly held up against him. But for the intervention -of the police the man might, have been murdered. At Rich mond some of the barrackers demonstrat ed against a couple of the players, and oilc of the' latter was struck in the face. At Tooralc Dark, during the afternoon's melees, a picket was torn oil' a fence, and Constable Foster, who was trying to keep order, was struck with it. At Geelong, two youths were so badly injured that they had to be taken to the hospital, whilst al Kilmure the captain of the local team' was knocked senseless by being pi tclied on his head against some wood work. "Other players," it is gently added, "received minor injuries." The above are reported cases <"> f vio lence and brutality. What went on the same day that was not reported must be left to the.- imagination. Such "play" as that above described must reacij a climax, sooner. or later. « The rowdy and 'brutal spirit, 'is in the air of football. Due district !k not. much fiver from it than another. Play, like that of Sat urday last must eventuate in fatalities. Then if will be necessary for friendly coroners to find how the dead men were "accidentally killed." It will, of course, be a prior necessity for promoters who now run the game in the centres of popu lation tn have the evidence "readied up," so that the coroner's finding may not in terfere with "the gate/' Football is m a very bad way at present. It seem to be going from bad to worse. .It is yof -comparatively early in the season. What, may happen when the players and promoters ami barrackers warm up to wards the end of the season and become thoroughly "interested," should give, the players timely pause, and also give cause for satisfaction to parents and other rela tives that they have no "prominent foot ballers" in tJieir families. Played fair ly, football is a splendid game — the king of outdoor sports for young men. , But played, as it too often is,, it is question able whether its prohibition should not be asked for. The rowdiness, cowardice, and treachery of the degenerated football field are carried far and wide, and bear fruit in many other directions. Eight Pages. — Our issue to-dav contains eight pages. To-day's Events.— Bendigo Giui Club shoot at Sydnehani Gardens, 2.30 p.m.; Winter Fair, Eaglehawk Town Ilall. 4- and 8 n.m.: Miss Button's Cinderella Daaice, Chapel street, 8 p.m. ; concert, Buckley street Metho dist, 8 p.m. ; meeting parents Gravel mil State School, 8 p.m.; Taits' Pictures, Town HaLl, 8 p.m.; Boxing, Stadium, Bull street, 8 p.m.: West's Pictures, Masonic Hall, 8 p.m.; Carnival, Elite Skating Rink, Short street; Football (Senior Association), Long Gully v. Eaglehawk, at Upper Reserve; Cali fornia Gully v. South Beiidigo, North Ben digo Cricket Grounds; (Junior Association) Kennington v.. "Kangaroo Flat, -- at Back Creek; West Bend|igq v, Albion Imps, at Kan garoo Flat; California/Gully Juniore v. Eagle hawk Juniors, at Sydenham Gardens." Cattle Market. — Owing to an exceptionally short supply of cattle suitable to the /rode there was a, big advance yesterday, in prices of fully 3Qs per head, and in some cases even more. A feature of the market were uwo very prime bullocks consigned by Mr: E- Morris, of Cohuna, and sold by Messrs. Wil- kam Wallace and. Co. They were purchasea, after spirited bidding, by Mr. E. W. T. Ellis, jmi.. at £13 15s per head. A cow from the' same owner realised £9 8s, being bought by Mr. T. H. Eames. The Inward Mail .— RjM ,S . Ormuz arrived at Ftomaartlo yesteid aH-., and left later on ror Port Adelaide.. Mails tor Bendigo can be ex pected next Monday morning. The House of the Dark Ages.— The Age, a little exaggeratedly perhaps, says that no man ever gives more than a glance at a Legisla tive Council election, and tliatt's A glance of almost contemptuous indifference. Why then preserve the Council as part of tlio Constitu tion 7 Aid Not Answer His Nome.— A Chinaman who . failed , to appear at . the Eaglehawk Police Court last January ill connection with some gold transactions lias beeh arrested in Mel bourne. His bail was estreated at fho time of his disappearance. It is probable that he Will be brought to Bendigo on the original warrant., . Laanedoorie Weir Rc-built.— riie Laane- icoarie Weir, which was carried away by the floods: of -September last, has now been , re built, and -made ready, for use again. It lias a capacity equal to 14,000 acre feet oi water. The - work of re-comstruetjion was pushed on- with all Jiaste by the Water 'Supf ply Commission, as ifhe loss of' tlie weir would be felt severely bv the settleis of the Lower 'Loddon district. , : The 'Churches, and Sunday Bficgrhphs.— Tlie Rev. F. C. Spun, Baptist minister, of Mel bourne, does not: approve of biograph enter tainments , on Sunday. They are so Popular and so very hugely attended" in Svdnev, Mei- bourne, and other, .-places that he cohsidei-s the State authorities should have/ them shut up forthwith. "Where would, these people be if they were not at the 'Sunday hiogriipli entertainments?' /That, is a question I would ke to ask," said the Premier yesterday in commenting upon Mr. Spurrs suggestion". Airi HnltinW f ' » dent (says a Baliarart correspondent) lias oc curred in coiinect-iou .w.itli one of the engines .which figured in the railway (Disaster at Beau fort four months ago. l'lic driver on this last occasion was a personal friend of Driver Coward, who, with Fireman Russell. was killed on the engine at Beaufort. The loco motive lias beeh out of '.the Newport repair shops only a tew - days, and it: was stamfiTug near the Ballarat East station when one of the gauges blew out. Driver Rlake hurriedly stepped back to escape the steam, ami in doing so fell front the engine aud broke his leg- Spurious Sovereigns.— Postmasters . have been officially warned "to be careful when re ceiving money from tiie public, as a . large number of spurious sovereigns is stated to be circulation." The public should, also take the same warning unofficially. A Father Awarded £50. — The Protlionotary of tlio Supremo Court yesterday heard en- : dence in resjiew of an aotion brought by - Michael Hogauu of .T/horpdale, against Geoig0 Badge, also o!r Thorpduie, gjocer's as,slqtaht, / in which plaintiff claimed £500 from defen dant for. tlic, iW-'ductibn of his daughter. De fendant did not enter an appearance In the action, and interlocutory judgment,, was ajgried against him. The action was then soiit on ko tlie Protlionotary to assess dam. ; tges, The respondent whs not present, nor was ho represented by counsel. The Pro. tlionotary, after hearing evidence as to ),<, inan'e means, etc.,.. assessed damages at £50. Valuo of Siloes.— The advantage of con serving fodder for stock when grass is s-r-.o cn lias been shown by Mr. E. J. Gorman, 0f , Naugunia Estate, N.S.W. Imst season iu> put down tliaee pit silos, and for the pa8f four weeks has. been feeding 1000 ewes und 600 largo-framed wethers, besides a. numi»r of daily cattle aiul horses, with about 10 tons of silage per week. Debating Society.— -There was a good at- 'etidatvce -of members at the weekly nice (in g of St. Paul's Litc- rory and Debating Societv on Monday last'. A' "iMock Parliament Meet ing" was held. Mr. Pottigrove was "Speak, ' er"; Mr. Ibzard was "Mr. . Fislier," and Mr. R. P. Curnow was "Mr. Deukin,' the. leader of tlie Opposition, and each leader had a strong party to support liiin. Tlie Land Tax Bill and the Immigration policy wore <11$. aussed and voted, upon, tlie whole making an iuteresting evening. Arbor Day Education— The ; "Sc-liool :. Papers" for June for Classes III., IV., and V. und VI., which are just being issued, give considerable attention to tree-planlting und the. iiersitv for it pi view of the fart that: Arbor Day is approaching. .Senior Cadots,-.-'I he' monthly company parades will be held to-'mbriw night ut the . Orderly Room, ' Golden Square, Quarry Ililf and North Bendigo. A full attendance is requested. There are vacancies for recruits in each company, and applicants will bp en rolled at th company parades.- Police Photographed. — About fifty of tie district constabulary were yesterday morning photographed in a group. Mayor Andrew and the police magistrate (Mr. V. Tanner) also accepted an invitation fo sit. Sub sequently the party adjourned to the Town Hull, where the health of "The Police Force" was proposed by the mayor, who suggested that police sports should.be arranged for tho benefit of charitable institutions. The sug gestion seemed to be favorably received. St. KiHian's Social Season.— The second of a series of socials in connection with the St, Kilian's social season will take place in St. Kilians Hall next Wednesday evening. Tho favorable impression createl by the efforts of the committee to connection with- the ar- rangemeuiits .on the opening night has as sured a successful season. The committee conducting these socials are working ener getically and are confident of eclipsing the success of the previous . sodial, and pat rons arc promised a most enjoyable evening. Caledonian Society.— Tlie monthly meeting was hold last night at the rooms in View street. It was agreed to form a Caledonian; Choir. Some of those present handed in their names as members.. The report of flip' committee appointed to go into tlie mutter" of erecting new rooms was further considered: Fifteen new members were nominated. School of Mines.— The King's Birthday, 6th June, will be observed as a close hiliday alj. the Bendigo School of Mines. 