IMMIGRATION. Melbourne. December 22. The stream of assisted immigrants con tinues to Mow steadily, and Jater contin gents to arrive bear testimony to the good work done by the McKenzie Slead Mi»sion, and to-day .further evidence of this kind was afforded by the arrival of English, Scotch, and Danish immigrants of the farming class, who came by different ves sels. Tie Aberdeen liner Miltiades brought 50 immigrants, and the 1?. &. O. branch steamer Narruug came into port a few hours later with 24 others. i December 25. The Government have decided to appoint a laud settlement agont for Victoria in London, with headquarters at the Agept General s office. The salary to begin with is to be £400 a year. Applicants must have a knowledge of land and rural mat ters, and must be able to describe the conditions of settlement to intending immi grants. Perth. December 23. Mr. R. L. Gilbert, recently in charge of the Western Australian agency in Mel bourne, has been appointed officer in charge of immigration in the London office, on account of the large number of immi grants due to arrive shortly. There are 1,530 now on the water. The Colonial Secretary has arranged for the Immigra tion Office and the Government Labor Bureau to remain open during the Christ mas holidays for the convenience of em ployers, and for the quick placing of new arrivals. The Armadale, which should | reach Fremantle to-morrow, has on board I GOO immigrants, and she will be followed by the Osterley on December 27, with 200; the Gueisenau, on January 2, with 120; and by the Rimutaka on January 8, with 600. December 27. The steamer Armidale arrived this mora ine with 556 immigrants for this S'ate, of which number 55 were domestics. T.(:e Ar midale is a cargo steamer, but in London was specially fitted out to carry immigrants under arrangement with the Western Aus tr.ilian Government, the mail steamers being unable to cope with the demand for third-class assisted passages. This is the largest batch that ever arrived in tin's Stale in one steamer, and the officers of the vessel speaks highly of the con duct of the immigrants during the voyage, which was a fine and uneventful one. The R.M.S. Osterley, wlich arrived this morning, brought out 183 assisted immi grants for tin's State. The Osterley has also a number for the eastern States. The Rimutakt., due at Albany about January 4, 'has about 670 immigrants for Western Australia, and it is anticipated that the population will be augmented by considerably over 1.000 during next month. Bribbaue. December '25. The R.M.S. Omrah, which lett London on November 12. has on board GO im migrants for Queensland^ and the Everton Grange left Liverpool a day later with 55 immigrants for Queensland. 