HAT WEST COAST WAVES ARE SAYING By "Westerner," for "The Dally Post.") After a recent examination ot various est Coast mining centres, Dr. Bell, the minent geologist., described our Cordileras as "a paradise of minerals." A erse description, and, though flattering, t least sincere. To doubt its correctess would be to impugn truth. M&oy; ther geologists, able If not eminent, ave been 6ayiug something similar, peraps not eo titiingly concise, for a coniderable number of years. Adam aud Sve were allotted the Garden of Eden, nd not appreciating the bcuntifulness f the unsurpassable natural gift, they were compelled to surrender it. Tasanian Governments have uot been unlike them in some respects. They have certainly not properly' appreciated their paradise of minerals," else tbey would ave done more to stimulate aud encourage its healthy development. Another eminent scientist, Mr. Robert Sticlit, is also good at terse, meaningful descriptions. After he had had several years' experience in organising and diecting the great industrial enterprise of the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company, and aftm- he had, in lil6 own unique wny, completely demonstrated how considerable Is the wc&ltli; that can, by scientific and technical methods, be won from low-grade cupriferous ores, be described those ores as "a metallurgic feast." True, a feast indeed—a bountiful feast for the shareholders*, who have red two and a half million pound6 In divideuds from his magical hands; generous feast for the State, which has not only directly benefited to a considerable extent by dividend taxes, but indirectly in an inestimable degree by the settlement in the alleged wilderness of a large, compact population of comparatively well-paid wage-earners, with cornresponding purchasing and tax-paying powers; a liberal feast for agricultural, horticultural, and pastoral producers, and for manufacturers and merchants; an educative feast for thousands of the young men of the State, who have thereby been saved to the State, and not gone, too many have been driven to go, to swell the populations of the mainland States; again, &n; educative feast, inasmuch as the organisation that controls the ramified operations of the Mount Lyell Company ^ is a valuable object-lesson to legislators and administrators, • • • • Let these Incontrovertible facts 6ink Ino the brain cells of those upon whom devolves the duty ot controlling the destinies of our over-governed and yet misgoverned State, with its history of over a century, with its sparse instead of teeming population, with its' nepotistlc sins and antiquated ways, with its normal somnolence and characteristic tiredness, with its tax-dodger6 and land- grabbers, with its wink-the-other-eye attitude towards wrongs and evils that cry unheard for redress. Thi6 may be strong criticism, but is it not fully justified? Had there not been unpardonable mismanagement ot this country's affairs, would there not to-day be more than 185,000 souIb to find the burdensome Interest for our bondholders, upon the moneys that have been -borrowed and, in many respects, foolishly spent? Some people are now telling us, because they fear the representatives of an awakened people commencing to understand economic truths and natural rights, that Tasmania is naturally a poor land, that really first-class arable Areas are few and far between, that small farms are not economically practicable, that sheep are more valuable, and more desirable than prosperous human beings. What nonsense! 'What contemptible libels upon a country more blessed by Nature than almost any other country of similar size is the world. A country, too, with a peaceful history; no devastating wars, no decimating plagues, comparatively no harsh rigors ot climate, verily the gem of these southern seas, a gem unfortunately tarnished by bad treatment, and then libelled by the proved incompetents who have helped to dim its lustre. "Gofl made the country, and man made the town.'* Bo one of the English poets has correctly sung. And tt would Seels that tta site d "Ihe town," BO to apeak. as tieen k very poor builder. No "maser craftsman would h&vo.; ba dlr„ , Those peulmists~-?eall7«. tbey only; retend to i>e pessljxii£ts, -«o that tbey; ight prevent, by their ^fqi nrail^ proressive measures being . adapted, ^ko rate ibout the allege^ poprptw ermosti f Tasmania's roll'" on Jj&v;© no tatovedge of the conditions prevajlifig in oUiee ountries. Let their attestton iest upn little Denmark (or a moment;. . tract its natural conditions With those ot asmania, and then they must readily; oncede bow highly favored tftelr , owir ountry <b, If they be hot reason-proof If honesty be not dead. In a recent umber of the New York "Ootloolc,** Frederic c. Howe writes en Illuminating article upon the "fanner State" of Denmark, from which a few extracts will be instructive, and will enable me to point a moral:— The land," says Howe, "is far front rich, the climate.Is not ot the best, and the winters are;, very long. . But the Danish peasant owns his land. Denmark is a country of peasant proprietors^" This is the ecopomlc framework of hi* civilisation. The Panisb peasant le n landlord, and he has made use of the Government to promole the acquisition of land by the people. _ "The Dane Is the best farmer, -in th* orld. The secret of his success is in- >usive cultivation. The land is minutely divided, tbe average size ot the farms, which comprise nine-tenths of the land, being 30 acres. j. "The other great factor is co-operation. The Danish farmer gets all that be producer, absolutely all. The State owns the railways, and protects the^fex? mer from exploitation. And be himself performs all of the processes of production, distribution and exchange. "The peasant is also his own banker. There are 036 co-operative savings banks in the country. Here the farmer places his savings. Here he goes when he wants a loan. The deposits in 1906 amounted - to £41,700,000. "It has a farmer Parliament, a farmer Ministry, a farmer point of view. . . . Us ruling class is the small farmer possessing from 40 to GO acres of land." The Dane has doDe all ot these senible things during the last 70 years, nd Denmark has consequently become he most prosperous country In the orld—not the richest, but richcs and rosperity arc not analogous, be it unerstood. Now, Tasmania possesses a arger acreage of arable land than Denark. and much of it of belter quality; er climate is almost arcadian, and its inter is not long. Besides, its arable ands, it has uplands .well suited for pasoral purposes. Denmark has no such plands. And Tasmania also has extenive mineral-bearing areas, which Denmark lacks. Tasmania is rcor"! prolific in natural resources and blessings than Denmark, and there is no defensible reason why it should not be as prosperous. But, you see, Denmark haB no landlords, cxcept tbe peasant farmers themselves; Denmark has no large estates lying almost idle; Denmark has no V.D.L. incubus; Denmark's laws are made by Denark's people—progressive efforts are not consigned to Upper Houses there; Denmark knows its business and does it. Tasmania sadly needs some Danish methods. There is nothing wrong with her naturally, artificially she's a rank failure, ling to her having been dominated by and burdened with bad artificers. The "West Coast waves" are saying greet deal more, and saying it bluntly, oint-blank, straight-out. Tasmania is great country, controlled by pigmies; that a country which contains a "para- - dise of minerals" and a "metallurgical feast" is not a place to be despised, and traduced for 6elfish ends; that a land. more favored by Nature than little Denmark can at least 6trive to do what Denmark has achieved: that the alleged "good old ways," which are leading towards national bankruptcy, must be abandoned; that our present sparse population must be made contented, and then. Increased as rapidly as possible by the encouragement of suitable immigrants. When £1000 per day has to be found for * interest, it is easier for half a millionpersons settled under wise laws, honestly administered, to find it than for 185,000 persons, groaning under ill-considered and non-progressive enactments badly administered. The privileged class in Denmark is the tiller of the soil; In Tasmania, the eDcumberer of the soil. Put the diversified lands of Tasmania— the mineral, the agricultural, and the' pastoral—to tbclr best uses, under a system of generous encouragement, and honest and honorable direction, and she ould tn a generation be fulfilling the gren.t destiny intended for her by Nature. 