FURTHER PARTICULARS. STATEMENT BY THE CHAIR MAN. IMPORTANT ERRAND. Sir T. C. Martin, L.L.D., Chairman Pf the Commission, in explaining the objects of the commission, upon arri val in Australia, said:— 'Tlie commis sion is composed in the main of prac tical farmers, along with two gentle men connected with agricultural col leges of Scotland, and the 12 are men mni.a r»r Ia'cc nnnnenterl with the land. Some of them' may claim, to be experts in their, subjects. Among them 'is a farmer who is a' recognised authority on Ayrshire cattle1. Indeed, the com mission is representative 'of all forms o; agriculture. The commission may also be ?aid to have special experi ence for the work iri Australia, be cause*it is formed out of the larger body which visited Denmark in 1904, Ireland in 1906; and Canada in 190S, and as a result , of those visits j' pub lished reports which* have been widely, circulated: and have been regarded as agricultural documents of great im portance. This experience naturally qualities tnem Jor the worK ol oDser vaiion whioh they will carry on in the course of their tour through Austra lia. The commissiW is visiting Aus *alia at the invitation of the Federal Government, with the object of indu cing ? land settlement, and to strengthen the stream of emigration towards this part of the British Em pire. Scotland will probably send men of the rural type, trained on the land, and accustomed to open-air life and | vocations.' ? i 'A SERIOUS UNDERTAKING.' I 'We come to Australia with no re quisitions and I can say for the whole of. my colleagues that they undertake the work in a serious spirit, and will make their investigations as closely and carefully as the time at their dis posal will allow. TIk- do not suppose for a moment that the conclusions they may ultimately form, regarding the resources and conditions of life, in , Australia will cover the whole area of the subject, but it will be , their . en deavour to study them conscientiously and report accordingly. The opinions formed will be published in Great' Britain on our return, and the Fede-« ml. Government will receive copies of it. Our report will be entirely inde pendent and unbiased. According to the itinerary which has been arranged for us, we will start our investigations in Queensland ab'out the end of Sep tember, and will have three and a half months for our work. The States will probably be visited in geographical or der, that is, from north to south, thence west. The time has been ap portioned by the authorities in Austra lia as equitably as possible between the various States. For most of the members this is their first trip to Aus tralia. All of them have large, and important interests in Scotland, which they have left for seven months, and they would not sacrifice so much time unless they felt they were doing some important public work calculated tq develop the resources of the Em pire.' COMMISSION'S PREVIOUS WORK.. 'What have been the results of the previous tours of the commission?' — '.The Danish report b,ad considerable effect in Scotland in extending know ledge of the system of farming in which the co-operative principle has been applied with success. The Irish report has had something of the same result, as agricultural development, in Ireland, . under Sir Horace' Plunkctt, hn i» nnutfli'l lit i Iijt* /litrf»r»1f inn nf n CSnnl n_ ted effort in the working up and mar keting of dairy produce. The Cana dian report, we have reason to be lieve, has been of much service to Great. Britain from the information which it afforded o'f the' magnificent agricultural colleges in Canada, and the part played by the Government in assisting the 'fanners and intending emigrants to the Dominion. These re ports did not sum up the who!© work of the commission, because they were supplemented by illustrated lectures, the demand for which i? very great in nil parts of Scotland. Canada has made all the running in regard to at li'ni'linnr iimnirrriin is lnt'trolv In- -in»_ cessful advertising. No doubt some thing is due to the fact -that il is the largest colony and can be reached in five days, and its hold on the British market is very strong. 'Australian, pro ducts have a great reputation since the adoption of the creamery system and the use of freezers. ' IMMIGRATION AND DKFKNCK. Sir Corlnw Martin was somewhat ?Uflident in discussing the question of immigration and' defence but express, od the opinion that an island popula tion like that of Great Britain must have Us own overflow, and itiwas're ?{nwd'ed'1 ris important that that' oVIsn* flow should be attracted to the domin ions oversea, 'The more people you have the more effective Australia will become in deienco of Empire,' was tiio way Sir Carlaw summed up . the matter.' SOME SPECIALISTS. The following member are special ists:—; . . ' ? Sir John Sinclair's speciality is sta tistics, of rainfall; Mr. Henderson,; of the Scottish Chamber of Agriculture, is an expert in 'wheat; Mr. Keith, mixed forming; Dr. Gibb, governor of Edinburgh College, agriculture; Mr. Barber, sheep; Mr: Pfain, poultry; Mr. Morrison and Mr. Dunlop, di Tectors of the Bcottish Chamber of Agriculture, are experienced in dairy ?work. ? 