THE PREMIER AND THE LANDS i DEPARTMENT. ¡ _v- I MR. WILSON'S REPLY TO HIS ! CRrrics. ! In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday afternoon the Premier replied to the in- dictment levelled against the Government by the Leader of the Opposition (Mr. Scad- dan) last week in moving the following potion : That the Government does not possess the confidence of this House. In the course of his reply Mr. Wilson r.aid that the only charge or charges that he could find in the whole of the indictment brought forward by the Leader of the Opposition appeared to be in connection with the lauds administration, or at least the Lands Department, and those charges were based on the trivial com- plaints of discontented applicants for land. Hon. members should acknowledge that all big movements brought similar complaints, whether those projects were in a private or a public capacity, and more especially when it was a question of bringing people from one part of thc world to another. It was regrettable that the Leader of the Opposi- tion should have attached so much im- portance to the two or three complaints he had brought forward. Mr. Holman : There are hundreds of them. The Premier : Well, we had reference only to two or three. The Premier added that it was deplorable that they should have had made a comparison of the lauds adminis- tration in this State with the land scandals which took place in the Eastern States some years ago. To say such a thing, which was without foundation, was to give a bad im- pression to outsiders. In any case, why did not the hon. member bring proof of his statements F Mr. Scaddan: Oh, proof. The Premier said that the hon. member should ask for a Royal Commission or some other inquiry if things were as bad as he al- leged. It had been alleged that land had been taken up by Mr. Hedges in an im- proper manner, but Mr. Hedges took up his land in exactly the same way as thc hon. member took up his when he applied for it. Mr. O'Loghlen : There are a hundred Italians down there. The Premier : That is not the point and is beside the^issue. Mr. O'Loghlen : Very well ; go on. The Premier said the application was made for blocks in the ordinary course in 1908-12 months prior to his colleague (the Minister for Lauds) tak- ing up that position. Since that lime survey before selection had been insisted on in many districts. At the time the land was taken up there was free selection; at any rate so far as land to the east of tho Great Southern railway was concerned it was per- missible. Applicants were also at that time permitted to take up land under grazing leases. When Mr. Hedges' application was lodged the land was surveyed in the ordin- ary course and applicants were then ad- vised of thc conditions under which the land would ""be granted to them. Mr. Hedges agreed to the department's condi- tions and had since very consider- ably improved his property and had .spent many thousands of pounds on it. tt'he^insinuation that Mr. Hedges took up the laud and immediately afterwards a reserve was declared in the district was not borne out by the facts, lt was not until some considerable time afterwards that the land to (he cast of the Great Southern Railway was reserved under the principle of survey before selection. There was no ground on which io think for a moment that anything underhand took place in re- gard to this land, or the land the Minis- ter for Mines had taken up. If they were going to have such insinuations thrown broadcast in the House, why did not the hon, members of the Opposition look to their own land. He ventured to say that there were more Opposition member who took up land on these conditions than mem- ; hers on the Government side. Mr. Troy: Honourably and squarely they took it up. The Premier : And honourably and square- ly on this side. Mr. Troy : No. ' Thc Premier: The generosity of the hon. \- member passes my understanding. Continu- ing, he maid that the Government did not .want anything hushed up, but they re- sented any suggestion that there was need for inquiry on such flimsy material as had been brought forward. Because Mr. Scad- dan had hr come hysterical in his effort to turn the Government out of office was no reason why they should grant an inquiry. ¡ Let them prove to him that there was any 1 doubt whatever as to the honesty of pur- pose of any member on either side of the House in regard to laud transactions, and he would immediately graut an inquiry, but he was not going to have an inquiry on something which he could show to be ab- solutely false. He would now deal with Moor's case.. That % gentleman had been representing his grievances, on which the Leader -of the Opposition had made such a tremendous outcry. Mr. Moor had come to Western Australia with his family some eight years ago. He had practically no experience, except that of growing toma- toes at his own residence. Mr. Collier: Don't ridicule him. The Premier: I am not ridiculing him. I am ridiculing the hon. member for mak ing Euell a charge. Continuing, he said thatf Mr. Moor speculated in some land fivo miles from Bunbury. He did not go to the Government. He bought the land pri- vately. Could anyone prevent him from I buying poor land on his own judgment F ( Within twelve months he was naturally j stranded. He appealed to the Government to help him out of his difficulties, and the Government lent him £100, bearing inter ; est. That was as far back as during Dr. Jameson's time, and the transaction ' was completed by his successor as Minister for Lauds, Mr. Hopkins. At present the loan was still outstanding, and Mr. Moor als? owed a couple of years' interest. Did that look as though the Government had been unsympathetic towards that gentleman'' About four years ago Mr. Moor and his son «elected land near Bridgetown. Three of the four blocks selected were forfeited after some time, and thc fourth was now forfeitable. Nothing had been done with the blocks. In the early part of this year Mr. Moor and his three sons put in appli- cations for four blocks,at Dalwallinu. At the same time Mr. Neilson and others ap- plied for the same blocks. Two blocks were granted to Neilson and two to Mr. Moor's son. Moor's land was grauted under resi- dential conditions. Of Neilson's land 1,000 acres were granted under residential condi- tions, and 300 acres under non-residential conditions. With regard to Moor's appli- cation some difficulty was experienced iii regard to fees. They assisted Moor by transferring the amounts paid on the selec- tions at Bridgetown with the exception of those or one lot held by Moor's son, wnich ¡ was «ow forfeitable. As two blocks omy were granted to Moor, the balance of the money was refunded to him in cash at' his request, although the ordiuary practice v as j to carry the balance forward to the next i rectal due. Did that show lack of sviu pathy with this man? Mr. Neilson ap j peared before thc Land Board with Moor I and his sons and succeeded in getting iv,o I blocks. It had been charged against the department that this man was a mere speculator, and that they ought to have known better than to bave given bim the land. Neilson gave evidence before ' the Land Board that it was his intention to start dairying on the Danish principle, of which he was an expert. He gave evidence I tba; he intended to throw up his position in the Chinese Customs and settle in this ! State. The Board accepted the evidence i and granted him the two blocks applied fo*\ Neilson proceeded to the land and carried out some improvements and lived on it. He cleared 20 acres and that work was done by Moor, who was try inj' (o build up his case on Neilson having been granted the land. Mr. Scaddan: He did not get paid The Premier: Hi) got paid. Mr. Scaddan: No, he got only a fort- night. The Premier, continuing, said that Neil- son stated openly I hat there was some difficulty as to the terms of his retirement, unless he gave up certain retiring allow- ances and that sort of thing, to which he was entitled. He endeavoured to let the land, and, being unsuccessful, sold it. The man who bought the land carried cut the improvements. Thc transfers to thc purchasers of the land had not been »« gistered. Moor had applied for forfeiture of the blocks for non-compliance with the residential conditions, and the blocks had been forfeited and thrown open for re-selec tioj on the 11th inst. Surely there was no charge of maladministration against the Lands Department on that score. Mr. Scaddan: You have not told all the story. Mr. Troy: I will show later on that you are not telling the truth. The Speaker: The hon. member must withdraw that. The Premier, proceeding, said that the first charge was that NeiUon was a specu- lator. He (the Premier) was not saying that he was or was not. but he did say that the Land Board was justified on* the evidence in being satisfied that Neilson was a bona fide selector. He did not know that they yet had evidence to show that Neilson did not act in a perfectly above- board manner. Mr. Troy: According to your light. The Premier, continuing, said that as to Mr. Scaddan's statements ¡u regard to the "Daily News," Mr. Lovekin and his sub editor. Mr. WoodE, were given access to th j files relating to Neilson's case. Mr. Scaddan had said that after seeing the fifes they told Moor that the matter was more serious than he bad set out and that there was not only perjury in connection with the matter but something worse, and that tho statements made by Moor were so serious that if published they would do an injury to the State as a whole. The statement made by Mr. Scaddan with refereuce to Mr. Moor and the "Daily News" had been the subject of the following com- munication by Mr. Lovekin, thc proprietor of the "Daily News": "Two portions of the statement only are correct-that we did re- fuse to publish Mr. Moor's statements-(he gave us no letter)-and that, by permission of thevPremicr, wc did peruse the files con- nected with the five charges made by Mr. Moor. The balance of the statement is absolutely false. Instead of telling Mr. Moor that the matter was more serious even than he had stated, etc.. we gave him as our reason for not publishing his state- ments thaft we had perused the files very carefully and found there was no justifica- tion for his charges. We sugested to him, Mr. Moor, after a three hours' perusal of the"' files, that we had come to the conclusion that he had been misled by someone who had supplied him with a portion of the in- formation contained upon the files (that con- taining the complaints) and not the replies and explanations. We told him that the worst-looking case he had brought before us was that in which' he had used Mr. Gourley's name, but that even his sugges tioii in that case depended on a document (which he, Mr. Moor, had obtained from Mr. Gourley and it did not appear on the files) rather than ¡mon anything which appeared in the files. We distinctly told Mr. Moor that there was nothing on the file to sug- gest any mala fides on the part of either Mr. Gourley or the department. As regards the statement that we said, 'The statements made by Mr. Moor were so serious that they would do injury* not only to the Go- vernment but to the State as a whole if the whole of the transactions were published,' there is not a scintilla of truth in it and it must be pure invention. . Mr. Woods, our sub-editor, was present whenever I 6aw Moor, and he also went through the files with me." Mr. Woods, the sub- editor of the "Daily News," had written as follows "Fur ther to Mr. Lovekin's statement, which is right in every particular, I may add that when, after our examination of the files, we discussed the result with Mr. Moor, he com- plained that by thrashing the matter out as we had done we bad 'spoilt his hand' in the attack he was making on the Govern- ment. I explained to Mr. Moor then that it was no use writing anything about the matter he had communicated to us because if we used the statements he made without the information the files disclosed the state- ments would be refuged next day and the paper would be discredited. Mr. Moor could not by any possibility have misunderstood the import of what Mr, Lovekin and I told him, because we thrashed the whole thiug out in an interview extending over a couple of hours. If. therefore, the statement of Mr. Scaddan is a true reproduction of what Mr. Moor told him, then there can be no words too strong to denounce his flagrant mendacity. Mr. Lovekin and I pointed out to Mr. Moor that we had been so impressed with his statement that we sought access to the files, but wheu we had Seen them his charges disappeared altogether. Those who are immune from legal consequences by reason of 'privilege' may apparently make unfounded charges, but newspapers find it necessary to prove their facts as far as possible before publishing them." Mr. Walker: That is a slur upon Parlia- ment. The Premier: Is it too much to ask members of the House"as well as the Leader of the Opposition to go to the same trouble to ascertain tho true facts of the case as these people did? * Mr. Scaddan: Is that thc present pro- cedure? Can any member inspect the files? Thc Premier: No member has been re- fused. Mr, Scaddan : Several times. The Premier said he now proposed to touch on the charge made by Mr. Scaddan that publicans could obtain land in pre- ¡ terence to genuine applicants, and that a member of another place had in hand the selling of the land. Mr. Sommers, the member referred to, had written to the Press in connection with the matter. Mr. "Scaddan : I challenge Mr. Sommers to put in bis resignation if I can prove it. The "Premier said he now came to the case of Messrs. Rose Brothel's and Webster, the Albany settlers. Mr. Scaddan had prac- tically blamed the Government because > these men had not been successful in con- nection with the land they had selected. But there was no blame attachable to the Government in regard to these settlers, who arrived in March last. They were men who were . without »any ¿experience om tho dander \- 'Jv.. one being a cabinet-maker and another a selector, and they had been misled. Mr. Price: Who induced them to come out? > Another Opposition member: Ranford. I Mr. Troy: We thought it was farmers you were bringing out from England. The Premier Faid that Messrs. Rose and Webster had been introduced to Mr. Ridley, a contract surveyor, who had reported, inter alia, as follows: "I advised them to.take up wheat country if they looked for a quick return, but they said they would not go into a hot and di v district, as their wives and children must be the first con sideration. I then asked them what they I wished to produce. They said apples and general mixed farming. I next inquired whether they possessed sufficient capital to improve land up to £20 per acre and wait some years for a return, and they assured me that they had, I believe, about £1,000 each, or would have it shortly. I theu took them out and showed the land to them. I advised them to erect a windmill and work the banks around (be swamp, as by doing this they could get a su limier return for vegetables, etc. I showed them other or- chards in (he dif-trict and pointed out the similarity of the soil and its adaptability for apple-growing. I strongly advised them not to take out their wives and children before they had proper accommodation for thom, and naturally I did not press them to buy an improved place. As Mr. Booth says, I was introduced to Wie wives and children of Messrs. Rose and Webster, and Mrs. Ridley and myself did all we could to help them, at times at consideriable incon- venience, although it was always a pleasure to us. I continued to impress ou them that it would be better to leave their families in town until the winter was over. These selectors have wasted money on houses. I strongly advised them several times to employ an experienced bush car- penter, but they are all 'by way of being' carpenters. Mr. Rose is certainly au ex Cerienced cabinet-maker. The roads have een very bad, owing to very wet winter, but I do not know anywhere that you could put selectors on to land within 14 miles of a railway and township with per- manent water and a good road. It is ab- surd to say that they were cut off from food. Mr, Booth's statement that Mr. Ridley was only looking after himself was most unfair and ungrateful. They com- plain that they have lost their money, but they have made no attempt to get any re- turn yet, and anyhow could not expect to do so, considering that they only went on the ground at the beginning of the winter. In conclusion, I must say that I adhere to my opinion of the laud and feel sure thal much of it will be settled shortly, and that if the new settlers have the necessary capital and the pluck and patience gener- ally associated with Britishers they will do well. I have devoted much time to meet- ing White Star boats and advising settlers and helping the laud agents at Albany for the last three years, but I shall be very shy of doing so in the future." The Surveyor-General had something to say also about the case of Messrs. Booth, Rose, and Webster. The Surveyor-General stated in his report on that case that the blocks were surveyed prior to selection, and that though the land wag not of the best quality, portion of it was suitable for fruit growing, and much of it would carrs* sheep. The re- port also stated that the Agricultural Bank was prepared to advance on the improve- ments just the same as they were on land in other portions of the State, and that, as a matter of fact, an advance of £230 to Mr, Booth, and also advances to the other two men had been approved of. It further slat ed that Mr. Ridley, whose name had beeu mentioned in connection with the case, was a contract surveyor Bnd was therefore en- titled to charge tor services rendered, and that the charge he had made in this case appeared reasonable. He thought that re- port conclusively showed that it' those people had failed, and he maintained that tkev had not done RO Mr. Price: They lost about £400 anyhow. The Premier said that that was because they bad thrown up the laud. They had never given it a propur trial. They had taken it up in March last, and what, «ort of a trial could people give land between March and the following October? The posi- tion was that the charges that Mr. Ridley had misled those people could not be sus- tained on the evidence he had put before (lie House, and the charge that Mr. Ridley had made a profit out of them was also un. sustained. He had shown that the case was not one of maladministration by the Lauds Department, as had been alleged. He had alsci shown that the land was not worthless, and that the Agricultural Bank was pre- pared to make advances on the improve- ments. It was true, however, that the men concerned had advised the Bank that they did not intend to take advantage of the ad vauce as they had decided lo throw up their holdings on the advice of two settlers, li anything had gone wrong with those three men it was because they had taken that ad- vice, and had not made a proper trial of the laud, lt had been asserted that those three gentlemen were a sample of the immigrants the Governemnt were bringing to the coun- try, but as a matter of fact they were not assisted immigrants, and had come here en- tirely on their own initiative. The next caso he came to was that of Mr. McCourt. That was the case in regard to which it had been said that the application had not been received until the day following the dste on which it was notified applications would close, and that, therefore, it had been wrongly admitted. The report in regard to that case contained a siateiucnt from Mr. Thompson who had received the applica- tion, to the effect that Mr. McCourt had come into the office before 3 o'clock on the 8th of the month, the last day for receiv- ing applications, to make his application, but that he had had to go out of the office and did not ' return till after closing time, when Mr. Thompson was instructed to re- ceive his application. Mr. Thompson was almost positive that the application had been received on the 8th, although it was dated tho 9th. He, however, wished to point out that even if a mistake had been made, the' whole circumstances of the case were subse- quently explained to the Land Board, who had aiiowed the application. After hearing the whole of the evidence, the Board had decided that Mr. McCourt's application was admissible, that he was a suitable applicant, and had given him the land. Since then three months' extension of .tinie.had been granted to Mr. McCourt. This expired in Nov- ember, and he had been informed that ten- ders had already been called for clearing 800 acres of the land. He thought the facts he had stated did away with any charges of corruption which had been made by Mr. Moor. However much they might deplore those who were granted CP. lands trying to dispose of them before ? effecting any im- provements, there was no system he could thing of to prevent men from trying to dispose of the equity of redemption. The department did carefully watch every transfer to see that the statutory conditions were complied with, and the action that had been taken in Neilsons case fully sub- stantiated that assertion. Another"case was that of Dunckley, in connection with which the member for Albany had interviewed the Minister for Lands, but bad declined (be TJ trouble of perusing the papers when they ^ were placed at his disposal. Dunckley had 1 been granted au area in the Stilling Estate in April, 1909. It was then found that a clerical error had been made, and that the lot had been already granted to another pe ison. Dunckley expressed his willingness to take two other lots. Those lots were reserved, but were eventually thrown open with the reservation that only those who already held land in the Stirling Estate could apply. Dunckley was granted lot 208. but unfortunately he did not own any «itl»«r land in the estate, although his father dv3L and in consequence ms application had noe been approved. Where was the scandal in ^ that case? The leader of the Opposition had then made a cliarge agajnst the Myers family. The only case to which any ex ception might he taken was that "of P. Myers. He held a thousand acres under re- sidential conditions, and a homestead block of 160 acres adjoining. He asked to have his holding converted into non-residence in order that his brother, E. J. Mycrp, might apply for it. The latter, however, already held the maximum of land and the appli- cation was refused, and the question of for- feiture was now under consideration. ÍS^g, Myers family, which numbered 16. was do ing excellent work, as he knew from his own observation on a visit to the homestead last year. (The Premier here read a letter from Mr. Myers, setting out a list of progressive improvements on all his holdings.} After all. it seemed to him, he continued, that what was wanted in this State was that the land should be improved and cultivated. (Ap- plause.) It was not the business of the de. partaient to harass the genuine selectors even though slight errors might be made, and he appealed to the House to endorse the opinion that when there were thousands of settlers going on tho land and millions of acres being thrown open we were bound to have some mistakes in even the beEt regu- lated department. Rather than try to exag- gerate those mistakes, it was the duty-of every member of Parliament, to minimise them as the department and " the Govern- ment were doing. The case of the Clarke family had received universal prominence owing to the action of certain land agents in wiring to Victoria and asking if those settlers could bc provided with laud in that State. It was admitted at once that tonio v of the publications issued from the Agent. General'6 Office might bi» read to convey the meaning placed on them by the leader of the Opposition, but immediately those had been brought under his notice by the * Minister for Lands he had instructed by <» cable a substitution of local publications with full information as to the necessity of going before the Land Board when there was more than one application for the same block. Mr. Scaddan : Have you ordered the willi drawal of the. others? The Premier: Certainly. Continuing, he read a copy of a cable lo London instructing the officers there to send lo Perth copies of all literature then in circulation, »nd to sun* . mit to Perth drafts of any new publications proposed to be issued. That cable, he taid, showed that the department was alive and that if two constructions could be pur, on the printed matter issued at hom« the mis- take was remedied at once. He did not, tay that a correct construction had been placed on that literature by either the lender of the Opposition or Mr. Clarke, who, he admitted, was a most estimable man, and ono whom they did not want to lost», from Western Australia. The department was very anxious to make everything as clear as possible ; the truth was quite good enough. Mr. Collier: Have you telegraphed to Ranford to shut up his matrimonial agency ? {Laughter.) The Premier, continuing, said that in view of the fact that there might be some dif- ferent construction placed on the publica- tions which had been issued, everything that possibly could be done to assiet Mr. Clarke and his party to g«'t land was done. They applied for from 9,000 to 10,000 aires but resented having to go before the Land Board, because they had not been advised in London of the existence of such a body. Mr. Scaddan: It that not an indictment of the Government? The Premier: Certainly not. If « mis- take is made by thc London office, can you blame the Minister for Lands and myself? When a movement of this magnitude is in progress errors are bound to crop up. Con- , tinuing, he said that the Clarke party wera -~" obliged iii go before the Land Boartl be- cause there were other applicants for''the same blocks. An effort was then made 'to provide those settlers with contiguous hold mgs, and 12,000 acres at Mt. Marshall, which had already passed tho* Land Board stage and was available for anyone who chose to select it, was reserved until those people could inspect it. In view of the circum- stances of their case they were granted free» passes to Kellerberrin. They returned to Perth, and expressed their satisfaction with the land, and it was then under- stood that all the trouble was ended. But a day or two later they decided that . they would not take up the 12,000 acres. Finally, they secured two blocks, and then they started to ventilate their grievances, wiring to the Melbourne "Age" on the ac- knowledged advice of their agents. _ They were applying now for other land adjoining those two blocks. The Board would bo sitting to deal with that area. It seemed to him that the Department had done every- thing in its power to afEist the party in question. . Mr. Scaddan : Did anybody give them a promise in connection with the transaction ? The Premier: Not to my knowledge. Wo reserved 12,000 acres at Mt. Marshall f«^ them, but they refused to take it. Tho- ' ~ Premier added that the agents of the party were doing pretty well in Western Australia, and he thought it unpatriotic of them to take the opportunity of maligning the coun- try. Prospective settlers thould go straight to the Department, for it was only when they went to land agents that the trouble began It was impossible for everyone to get picked blocks, and he wanted to know vhat the charges against the Lands Depart- ment were. (Opposition laughter.) Was the Government going to be condemned on such flimsy accusations, cn the complaints of men in the street and of the disappointed selector? Or were the Government to bo judged on the general results of their ad- ministration. 