WEATHER WISDOM WHAT THE BIRDS KNOW. [BY HORACE HTTTCJIINSON , IN 'THE W ESTATES' STEE GAZETTE.'] The time has long gone by when we used to credit the other animals with mysterious and subtle faculties dif ferent in kind from those of man. We do not any longer foretell the fate of armies from the flight of birds ; but it is certain, for all that, that, for some purposes their senses are a great deal more delicate than our own. Lord Avebury has proved an extreme sensi bility in some species of ants to the ultra-violet rays, which make no appeal whatever to our human organs of sight, and there seems a probability that these same wonderful insects may have the faculty of hearing vibrations so rapid that they have passed the thinnest sound that the human ear can appreci ate. We do not know, but we pre sume that there are instances of extra vision and extra -audition only, so to call them — that the senses concerned are analogous to our sight and hearing, only that they are different in degree ; the organs, if we like to express it in that way, are differently attuned. We do not suppose, though we have to go. very delicately in all such hypotheses, us, a new sense, different in kind. There is not the slightest doubt that one of the ways in which many animals have the better of man is in being very much more sensitive to and quickly aware of coming changes in the wea ther. That is the manner in which their quicker knowledge is usually spo ken of, and it expresses the true fact in a rough and ready fashion, but not very exactly. It is a form of state ment which seems to imply a_ mental fore-knowledge of a change which will only manifest itself in any sensible way later. But that is not the manner in which we really do suppose, if we give the matter a moment's thought, that the animal lias knowledge of the com ing storm. What we really imagine to occur is that the creature, by virtue of some superior delicacy of the senses which we cannot understand or give a name to, is already aware of certain changes in the atmosphere, too slight for our more obtuse sense-organs to respond to, which are the forerunners of a gros ser change, perhaps a violent storm, which will soon come battering and banging at all the doors of our senses. When the stalker on the hill tells you ''the deer are very uneasy. There is a storm coming' ; or the wild-fowler of the Eaist Coast says, 'the fowl are very restless. There's a storm coming,' iwhat both of them mean by the final sentence of prophecy is. that some vio lent change, which man will call a storm, is on its way, but that it-— the storm — in its attenuated premonitory symptoms., is already there, playing its disturbing pranks on the nerves of the creatures that are sufficiently high strung to respond to them. This win ter we have seen several instances of the birds affected with this restlessness in the presence of the first begin nings of a change not yet perceptible by us. Those who live along the median line of England, taken lengthwise, may have noted, on .two different occasions early in the winter, large bands of field-fares crossing over high in the air from east to west. In each case it meant that the birds knew, as. we say, that a /change was coming; and a change to very hard conditions of wea ther over most parts of England duly arrived very shortly. The fact that they were seen to cross from east to west on the second occasion, as on the first, is witness that between the two spells of hard weather they found their way back again from west to east. The wild-fowl on the coast, which were so numerous this year as to recall to the older men memories of 'the good old days,' before the drainage operations had made tie conditions of much of that country less suited to the wild fowl, and before their numbers had been decimated by- the great punt guns — these -?foM, too, showed, their foreknowledge of ihe changes by a, very marked restlessness. There is very little doubt of the reason why our own East 'Coast had such an accession of fowl this season. 'Hie severe cold, early in the winter, in Northern Con tinental Europe was, not doubt, the cause of it, It has been stated, and if true it would be .statement of a very extra ordinary fact, and of one which really would seem to argue on the part of the birds a faculty of divination dif ferent in kind from any which we pos sess, that the wild swans come to our East Coast when the Cattegat and the neighboring sea is frozen, and that the instant the Cattegat is unlocked by a thaw, the swans have some super natural way of learning of it, and, forthwith, leave us. If this were ab solutely proved to us, we .should have tn co J*- „£ 4-1, „„„ ? ? 1 ' L * W I/UUI(»D 1U UUC U1 UUCfW uo&es; Vt 1 1 1 1 ' M met only by the admission credo quia impossibile, .but we .are not driven to that difficult, conclusion until we have some substantial proof of the alleged fact, and the question that it imme diately occurs to us to ask is: How do those people who tell us that the swans leave us directly the Cattegat thaws get their own information about these occurrences , and the changes of tem perature affecting the Danish seas? How do they know that on the date of the swans' departure the Cattegat has 'thawed, or that it did not thaw a whole week before they went? This, in fact, is one of those state ments that some venturesome person has thrown out as a speculation, and other lovers of , marvels have repeated, prefacing the remark with : 'Is it not extraordinary that, etc.' — as a speci ous excusing of their credulity — and which i$ shown to be empty wind at fchS nrst toiicii ai §samination. Swans on the East Coast J^nglatid m&y; 5f may not know whether tne Cftttegat is frozen or open; but it is quite 4drtain that human beings on the Eilgligfa East Coast do not know it, and, ther£-- \- ? ? ? ;.,j ? ' r x. n._l auto, die 11 u quauueu juu^ess ui i/iie knowledge of the swans. It has just been said that there is evidence that the fieldfares, after go ing east at the approach of a cold spell, return again west-ward when the cold moderates. This is the habit of their relatives, the redwings, too. When the weather is very cold over the; jrreater part of Ene;Iand you will see the rerlwinjrs in large numbers in ? Devonshire and all the West Country. They will be there quite early in the vinier if there is an early cold spell. On the other hand, if it should be a mild winter all through, you may not ? -e a fingle one of these thrushes in D^von nil the while. But when the ro!(i over Ensland, generally, moder the redwings will depart from the lVr--+ Country, and remain away until frnst over the greater part of the land makes their food supplies hard -Pt. T!ipr'? u-e some winter immigrant hovrever, that do not come back all the year, once the cold has driven them out of those Eastern coun ties to which they find their way first when they arrive from the Continent, except for a passing visit while they are on their passage back in spring time. Such is the habit of the wood cock. _ It is the habit that makes all the difference in the bags of woodcock in different parts of England, and an esseuLiai uuierenue to sue bags in Ireland. When the frost locks up the hard ground all the food of the cock in the Eastern coverts that they drop into on their first coming to these islands, they make their westward move at once, probably pushing on til! they touch the Atlantic. Some cross the Irish Channel. The result is that all the West Coun try, Wales, and Ireland are filled up witn cock, and that the Eastern gun- 1 ner las very few. For they do not go ] back again. Once they have come west, there they stay till the spring flight to the Continent takes them, by the_ way, to those Eastern haunts again. They do not stay there. Yet, if the winter is mild throughout, they prove they have no objection to these Eastern coverts by occupying them all the while of their sojourn in this coun try. The habit of ' the snipe is quite different. The snipe, like the wood cock, comes in at the beginning of winter in the east, but at once dis tributes himself a -great deal more widely. When the hard frost comes he is driven, like the woodcock, out of much of that East Coast country of the broads and fens, which he occu pies at first, but, unlike the woodcock, when the frost passes he comes back again to the same haunts. It is not necessary to say that these remarks apply to thie winter immigrant birds only; they have nothing to do with the birds of either species that nest in these islands. Their migration habits are' quite another story, and in all cases it is a habit formed of a com bination of factors — inherited instinct, the ever-present anxiety about the food supply, and a sensibility keener than our own to atmospheric change. 