CABLEGRAMS INTERSTATE. (.'Herald' Special bervioej VICTORIA. SWIMMING CHAMPIONSHIP Melbourne, Wednesday.— At Haw thorn to-night Frank Beaurepaire easily won the half-mile swimming champion ship of Victoria in llmin 68 l-6th sec, towering the previous Victorian reoorc by three-fifths of a second. T. W Mason was second and C. Powell third. PRISONS DEPARTMENT. The Deputy-Comptroller and Inspec tor of Prisons (Mr S. MoAuloy) has fur nished his report on the operations of the prison department for tho past year. A satisfactory feature of the report is that the prison population continues to decrease. At the close of the year there were 1,440 prisoners in gaol, as compar ed with 1,600 at close of tho previous year, notwithstanding that the general population increased from 1,605,032 to 1,643,883 approximately in tho period referred to. The total expenditure for the year ending December 31, 1895, was £129,059, while tho cost of upkeep for 1909 was £40,662 loss than the period referred o. A STREET BRAWL. ENDS IN A MAN'S DEATH. Late on Monday night a man named Benjamin Hutchinson attempted to stop two men from fighting in Beaoonsficld Parade, Albert Park. One of tho men, turning on him, felled him nith a blow in the face. Tho contact with the pave ment, rendering him unconscious, and as remedial measures applied on tin spot by bystanders had no effect, tho in ured man was removed to the Mcl -oume Hospital, where he died to-day. Both men ran off when the blow was struck, but to-day a man named Robert Wameckc was arrested and charged with inflicting grieviouu bodily harm. In view of HuteniiiBon'e death, a more serious charge will probably be made. HOME FOR CONSUMPTIVES. At the Mayor's quarterly dinner to night it was announced bv Dr. Ham, President of the Board of Health, that the State Government had decided to devote £10,000 to establishing a home for advanced consumptives. The home is to be at Cheltenham, or one of the other suburbs of Melbourne. The Government will also pay half the cost of maintenance. AUSTRALIA AND IMMIGRANTS. Sir R. Best denies altogether the allegation by Count Morner, and re jected by the Danish Government, that Australia is not a desirable place for immigrants. Australia, he contend R, was never more prosperous, and as the Federal Government is acting in co operation with the States, there are ample opportunities for Europeans in this country. THE COMMERCE ACT. A preliminary report by Mr Lnrkyer nn the administration of the Commerce Act has lieon rooeived by Sir R. Best. It iB not intended to make these re ports public, but they will be consid ered aB departmental recommendations, and, where it iB desirable, acted up on. NEW 80UTH WALE8. SERIOUS RAILWAY ACCIDENT. Sydney. Wednesday.— Shortly before 10 o'clock this morning, when the northern, train was being made up, two carriages that were being backed in to complete the train had too muoh im petus given them, and they overshot the mark, colliding violently with two standing vehicles. A goods van and a passenger car wore telescoped. Robert Boromakcr, upholsterer, who was in the ear at the time examining the cushions, was buried beneath the wreckage. It was only with great difficulty and after a considerable time had elapsed that he was extracted. He was promptly con veyed to the hospital, and found to b suffering from fracture of the left leg, dislocation of the right shoulder, and several bruises and abrasions about the body. ? DESPERATE ATTEMPTED ROB BERY. REVOLVER FIRED! Tho Inspector-General of Police to day received a telegram from tho police station at Newnes, informing him of a desperate attempt to rob tho Ncwnes Post Office last night. The same Post 'ffirt- was broken into a few weckB ago, and a large sum of money stolen. Ac cording to the story told by tho Newncs postmaster, an unknown man, of about 25 years of age, entered tho Post Oflieo about 11.10 nn Tuesday night. The postmaster, hearing a noice, armed himself with, a revolver, and went from the dwelling portion into the Post Of fice sortinn. He then saw a man, with eip pulled down over his eyes. The postmaster asked the man his business, but the latter, without replying, threw himself nn the officer, and a struglc en sued. After n desperate fislit the mnn itot froe, and made out through the Post Office door. The postmaster fol lowed, and being unable to catch the man, fired a (shot from his revolver. Nothing nas stolen. A man was ar rested on suspicion. QUEENSLAND. FEDERAL LABOR CAMPAIGN. OPENED BY MR FISHER. Maryborough. Wednesday Nliht. — Mr Fiiher. Loader of the Federal Labor Partv, arrived this afternoon, and open ed liis enmrmi'!!! to-nleht in the Town Hall. There were about 400 present. Mr Fisher, who was well received, Raid that Mr Doakln. on three or four occa sions lately, had stated that the major ity of tho'Lnhnr Party eomnelled mem bers to repudiate the pledge mnde to constituents. There was not one word of truth in that statement, and he had told Mr Deskin so many times. Re ferring to tho Old Age Pensions, M' Wisher said that only for the pressure brought upon Mr Deakin by inmsolf, the Pension's Act would not have been passed. Tho Labor Party also made it possiblo to finance the Old Age Pen sion months sooner than otherwise would have been possible. He criticised the light and airy way that Mr Doakin had brushed aside such an important measure SB New Protection. 'He was as sured that Ministers wore not unani mouB on tiie question. Mr Deakin fa vored a Wages Board in eaoh of the States. He (Mr Fisher) thought that the system would defeat the object they had in view. Ho appealed to the people to give broader powers to the Federal ?owors to enablo that Parliament to effectively protect tho workers as they protected employers. (Applause). 