SENATE ELECTION. ADDRESS BY SENATOR BEST. Senator Sir R. W. Best delivered an address to the electors in the town hall last night. The chair was taken by the mayor, Mr. James Young,, who said that«4he cndidRt wan not altogether a stranger to Hamilton, as he had spoken in the hall on a former occasion. Senator Best apologised Cor the ab sence of his valued colleague, Mr. Skene, who was prevented from com ing by indisposition. He. however, was Bute that Mr. Skene and Sena tor Trenwith and himself .would he remembered on the 13th April. in previous elections there had only been one organised party— the Labour par ty. Now they were divided into two camps—Labourites and Liberals. In the "past the Labour party through utautpauuu uau imeu uvci fir pi e- seated in Parliament. But i( the Liberals recorded their votes then they would by an overwhelming ma jority be represented in Parliament. Only 54 out of every 100 men voted at the last- election, and only 43 out of every i00 "women . There had been an apathy, a neglect of citizens to perform their duty, and Parliament bad therefore not represented the peo ple properly. The deadly opponent ol Liberalism was apathy. The Fusion Government and their party had jus tified themselves by their perform ances which were now on the statute book— measures of national import ance, which had been postponed pre viously from year to year. The Go vernment had marked their Imperial character by the defence law— the na val and military laws for the defenca of Australia and for co-operation with the mother country. They had also been marked by the Federal cha racter ot their action as embodied in the financial agreement. Their career bad been marked by democratic legis lation, aimed at the benefit ot all classes. Amongst these were the li beralisation of the old age pensions anti-trust, seamen's compensation audi patent acts. The Labour party avo wed that they were out to capture the political machine. If they did it would be due to the apathy of the Liberals. The Labour tfarty by their platform and speeches showed they were out to cripple the states. The first result ot the capture ol the po litical machine would he to create \- friction with the states, and be the cause of internecine war. The next result would be to defeat the finan cial agreement, and the third result would be an industrial up heaval, because they had declared their intention ot wresting all indus trial power from the stateB and trans ferring it to the Commonwealth. An other result would be the death- blow to federation. On federation the sta tes conceded certain powers. Juris diction was given to the Common wealth over vast issues, which would mean from 30 or 40 per cent, of the legislative work, the remainder rest ing with the states. The filth re sult of the capture of the political machine would be the stoppage ot im migration. The Commonwealth and stateB had been co-operating to bring about a stream ot suitable immigrants to our shores, but the Labour party opposed it. The Danish and Swedish con suls had issued a warning to their people not to come here, but be (Se nator Best! had made it is his busi ness to inform them that there vss room here for thousands if not mil lions of desirable immigrants. This called forth a hostile de monstration from "the trades hall. We had only an av erage of 11 persons to the square mile as compared with Europe, 111 persons, and Britain 360 persons. We were proud of our productions, but only a limited portion ol our wealth had been exploited. There were vast resources available lor future develop ment. These enormous unpeopled wastes, which were awaiting ' popula tion, were stable sources ol wealth, but the policy ol the Labour party was to prevent their development. The policy of the Government in co operation with the states was to ad vertise Australia. A large number of persons had applied to the Agents- General every year, but the greatest care had to he exercised to sec that suitable persons were brought here. The people so far encouraged to coma here were for the most part agricul turists, and some 10,000 persons ol that class had been assisted to come to our shores. In this respect the Government "were following the nfs<«n example. Last year some 70 000 agriculturists had crossed into Canada from the United States. Ev ery man settled on the land became a consumer as well as a producer, 'and any attempt to block imm1' gratian would mean disaster to this country. That wonld he one ot the results ot the Labour party captur ing the political machine. That party bad issued a fighting platform, in which they had picked out the best Items -of -the Liberal party, and then thrown in some ot their Utopian ideas. They first stated they were in favour of a White Australia. (Loud Applause.) A voice : Give us your own ideas. Senator Best : White Austra lia 7 was initiated by the Birton-Deakin administration. The Labour party never cheered, the troth. The Labour party never in troduced that poUcy. It was intro duced into their platform so as to delude the people into the bdief that it Was being attacked. White Australia was, and always had been, the policy of the Liberal Govern ment. The next plank was new pro tection. That also had always been the. policy of the Liberal party. It was introduced in 1885 by Mr. Dea- ftfw in me rsCwues AEb, " 1B9C the Turner Government, of which he (Senator Best) was a mem- 'ber, extended the Factories Act by the' creation of wages boards, and no more successful industrial scheme had ever been introduced in any country in the world. That scheme of new protection was Initiated by the Liberal party, and .never found a Place in the Labour platform till recent years. . Thb Government Prq- posed to xriy ojl. these industrial tri- bnnais, but at a remit meeting ot State Premiers it was decided that there should he n Federal tribunal to' prevent unfair competition be- tween one state and another . This was to b« done by the establish-- of the Interstate Commission.. Contrast .this -with the , .scheme of ttSTlAbour party' The hew protec- tlon by which the .wpflcerahad bene- \- fitcd "In the past -was the wages boards. These were opposed by Mr. Fisher and Ma . noged some -Federal- ..arbitration- :;«e:Weretfce dtetora goingto j thmv avrr the substance for - the tirndow? Mr- FM'er'B. BSeme Iwould j 3SLV " Clake veats'to accdmplfa>, .foecanae- it me wrestlng fadosWel powers from the state. Then he came to nationalisation of monopolies. The original form was the nationalisation of the " means of production, dis tribution,-' and exchange." Let them get this, and the next thing would be the nationalisation ot primary production and secondary produc tion. (Disorder.)'. They did not ap preciate, the hypocrisy which is being played -on the electors at this elec tion. In 1908 be. as a member of the Deokin Government, introduced a bill amending the anti-trust law, and in 1909 they introduced an nibended bill to prohibit monopolies wlilch were injurious to public interests. It proposed to suppress tbem at the very outset of their career. It dealt a death-blow at the iniquitous system of rebates. They controlled or suppressed monopolies, instead of acting on the Utopian idea of na- iiuuaueiu): uicui. IUCIJ kite imiwui party made no provision for the millions and millions of pounds re quired to buy these monopolies. At the same time, they proposed to restrict borrowing. How would they get the money. 7 Was it by confisca tion ? (Cries of No and Yes.) As to the land tax, the State Tar-, liaments had the fullest power in this matter. The Labour party would take from the states their revenue from the Customs, and also take away the means of raising revenue from the land. A voice : What about the Murray tax 7 Senator Best : The Murray Govern ment proposed a land tax, hut tho Labour party proposed to super add a Federal tax. They tried to wheedle the smalt farmer by their exemption, but If the bursting up process went on nil the estates would come below the £5000 limit, and tbey would have to start n new bursting-up syBtem. Another plank was a citizen defence force. The Government had already consummated the most complete land and naval force RCbeme ever con ceived. It bears the imprimatur oi the greatest soldier oi the empire. Lord Kitchener. (Cheers.) The Government designed to make this force a part of the Imperial war machine. They had started the means of n nafional citizen army. One of the first acts of the Govern ment was to offer a Dreadnought to the mother country, which the Labour party had failed to do. In the naval scheme they provided for a unit of the fleet. The Govern ment scheme had as its pivot a Dreadnought armoured cruiser. Then there were three other armoured cruisers, and other war vessels. That was fourteen times the gun-power oi that of the Fisher scheme, whioh was to cost about the same. The navy was not only for the defence of Australia, but also to co-onerate, :f necessary, with the Imperial fleet. The mosquito fleet of the Fisher Government could not have afforded that co-oueration. Then the Labour party favoured the restriction or public borrowing. When the Government determined on sharing the burden ot the em pire, it became necessary to borrow money, but that was opposed by the Labour parte. A sinking fund was to he created, which would rcuay the cunitnl in the lifetime or the fleet. A voice : What about new ships 7 Senator Best : I am talking about the new ships. (Laughter.) The Navigation Act provided for the better protection and comfort of seafaring men. A voice : How about Billy Hughes? Senator Best : Mr. Hughes undoub tedly assisted on the commission which drafted the till. That would be one of the first measures dealt with by the Government. A voice : You are not there yet. Senator Best : The intelligence oi this community is going to show itself in overwhelming numbers, not lor one class, but for the good of the whole country. (Applause.) Then there was the plank in the Labour platform for unemployed in surance. That was one of the planks of the present Government, and formed a prominent plank in the Governor-General's speech on the opening of Parliament. The Labour party in the House had tried vituperation, but they had dropped it for the time. Then tbey tried obstructing the Government in a violent and wanton manner. But ultimately they bad to behave them selves, though they stated at the out set that not a measure should . he passed if they could help it. Having failed in these two devices they star ted the cry that protection was in danger. Sir Wm. Lyne tried to force on a motion for the revision of the tariff. The first Federal tariff was a moderate protectionist tariff, and at the next election they sought fiscal peace, and so satisfied were the protectionists that they agreed fiscal peace was desirable. After that there was tariff revision, in which there were 93 items increased in duty. That was passed in June, 1908, and it might reasonably be expected that with the higher tariff fiscal peace would be preserved. But that was not so. It -was opposed by .the Labour party, which never had, and had not now. the figcal policy in its platform, as they were neither protectionists nor freetraders. Yet they supported the protection revival in order to split the fusion party. The first safe guard of protection was that all the leaders of the protection party ex cept one were' members of the Libe ral party, ' also that maintenance oi the protection policy was a plank in the Liberal platform. Contrast these guarantees with what took place when fusion was proposed between the Lyne- Isaacs party and the Lab- oar party. Again, the Government were bound in writing for the rectifi cation of anomalies to make the pre sent tariff more workable. Fart of Jtfae scheme was that he - Interstate Commission should watch the opera tion of duties and other elements which made revision, of the . tariff in dispensable. This machinery would be constantly in .xijtergttpn, and ,the ta riff would-be made workable and' ef fective in every way- Nothing could be fairer than ; that- The candidate- then referred to the financial agreement, and explained the circumstances - -vririch had led to'-the present position. The present cus toms. and pxcise revenue was about £2/10/ -pertefid, and it was 'thought a lair thing tA give the states -25/ phr head Instead Of 3j)/6, which had been paid tn them for some years. This proPtmsl fwas merely a tentative agreement until adopted by an abso- lute majority of bbth 'H6iis«i. - Tlie tmimiB-'Smrty first claimed that this jwasprwrilcfilly thelr Brisbane pro- SimBLjOT hieh iShe states , would receive 11 Instead Of 25/. Yet the+ jjijurty Mffmf,:i.«»d anything, but honestly,'' pPJMd that agreement a blow, at -the Government. Some of them said that their Brisbane pro posals were merely temporary, but Mr. Hughes said in the House that those proposals were for all time. Now their hypocritical excuse was that it was not to be put into the . constitution. They refused to trust the people. They opposed this now, j though tbey knew in their litart of j hearts that it was what tbey wdfi- t ted. They descended to hypocrisy to achieve a political object. The dec- | tors would have the responsibility oi - deciding whether they approved or not. Cries ol " No." / Senator Best : 1 am submitting this to the intelligent electors. (Lau ghter.) The Government trusted the people. Yet one of Lhe chief planks ol the Labour party was the referen dum, yet now they opposed it with violence and vituperation. He 'would ask them to vote Yes on that ques tion. The Government liad nomina ted Benator Treuwllli. Now he wished ta say u few words about the Liberal candidates. Bena tor Trenwith was a man with con siderable Parliamentary experience, who sympathised with the workers, with a clean, upright Parliamentary career. He had enjoyed Ministerial office, and had represented the coun try well in the Senate. He urged the electqrs to remember the ser vices which thnt Senator had render ed them. (Applause.) Mr. Skene was well known to them. A voice : Black labour. Senator Best : That is one ol the wicked slanders of a black crowd. (Applause.)! That is a little evidence of the tactics adopted on this occa sion. It is hitting below the belt, and is part and parcel of the policy of the people who indulge in it. (Applause.) Mr. Skene had been id entified with the producing industry of this country, a man of recognised honour and integrity, a man who would do justice to the position in the Senate. He had been a member of the other House tor several years, and he ventured to hope that thev would vote lor him. Then be had to submit himself to their mercies, lie had attained the majority of his Parliamentary life on the 2011) iust. He was returned originally lor Fitz- roy, and had also represented them in the Federal Parliament, and had been many years in office. He had given the best ol his services to Par liament, and had never spared him self on any occasion, and he had r.'so made great sacrifices in the dis charge oi his public duty. (Ap plause.) He urged them to -stick to the ticket. If they did so they would succeed by an overwhelming majority. The fourth bullot paper was for the House ot HelU'.V' mta- tives. In this electorate they were honoured by the candidature of Mr. Winter Cooke. (Applause and dis sent.) He was a man ol very con siderable Parliamentary experience, and of high honour and integrity, a man to whom they would trust their private affairs, and teel thev could do so with the utmost confidence. He appealed to them, and nlaccd his Parliamentary experience at their disposal. Mr. Cooke had told then) on tho platform in the plainest and most outspoken fashion that, though a free trader, he had pledged himself to the fiscal policy of this country, which had been accepted liy all pnrtics. (Ap plause.) It was within their power to return him, but they could only do fo by organisation. By follow ing fair tactics, not by letting g > the bluck bile oi personal malignity , wind) was the tactics ot some people, they could return Mr. Cooke. In mentioning these names, be would Rsk them by whom were the inter ests of this country likely to be advanced 7 By the men whom lie had named, men of experience, whose names were well known to them and to the whole community, or could they do better by electing IheT opponents 7 If tbey tbougJt that their prosperity and the wel fare of Australin would be advanced bv tlie men wbom be bad referred to then with confidence the issue might he placed in their hands. (Loud applause.) In response to questions, Senator Best said that in Ger many the Customs was 114 per cent in the United States 63 per cent in Cunada 109 per cent. These countries had higher protective tar iffs than our own. A voice : This is Australia, l.ot Germany. Senator Best : I am not answering! to the obtuse elector. How can yen prove any proposition without re ferring to other countries 7 America had had high protection for 130 years, yet she was now Importing £93,000,000 worth of goods per an" num. We hod no reason to fear a reduction of the tariff revenue for years to come. The same people who nut the clause into the constitution could take it out. (No.) It was easy to Bay No, but he was stating an absolute fact. (Applause.) Mr. W. Moore said he understood that Canadian immigrants got 160 acre3. What inducement would the Government offer 7 Senator Beat said the Common wealth- did the advertising, and the states provided for the proper settlement on the land. An elector asked how they would provide the land for strangers if they could not provide for their own P£Sgnator Best said Victoria was making the fullest provision to that ! respect. rAn elector : Would it not be better to give our own people a' chance jand the -money you give to immi- grants 7 ' Senator Best : The amplest facili ties are being given, including a credit- fonder system. In every direction facilities are being given first of all for our own -people. - This country must stajbiate it it "did not get population. We would decay as a fomimmity unless r we got the vital wealth of population. A female elector asked what people would. dot-tiU the -land was provided. Senator" Best aaid Mr; ' Elwoofl Mead had formulated a great scheme of settiementj.and similar work was being carried .out by the Closer Settlement Board. , An elector understood that in New Sooth Wales ' ttere were 400 appli cants ' for- JO blocks. > , Senator Best said everyone wished our. own people nettled on t the land, but that was j being done. land referred to wns no' doubt specially good, and there was no guarantee that nuLnyic' /these men were land less." Tie policy of the state Govern ments was to provide for their own people,,:; £ ,L In reDly to other questions. Sena tor '.-Best pointed out that if -tbey fixed the finnpcia| agreement for . a / torn: of years,Jfte xhpBsral Govern- '4 i- . . .... r,. -'/ ment would be bound in honour to pay the money for that term, where as if put into the constitution it could he taken nut it desired. He had the honour of introducing a bill (or the suppression of trusts In con nection with rebates, which Were in jurious to the community. He did not know Why a loaf was 6d, If the questioner, cpuld. prove that there was an agreement amongst millers lo keep up prices he would see that a prosecution was launched.— He had fought for the capital site at Dal- gely.— He believed in 10 years the salaries of members In the House ot Representatives would he much larger than they were at present if people understood their own inter ests. The meeting rinsed Willi n vote of thanks to the mayor. 