Topicalities. Talk about repartee, tho Quoenslander can hold his own with tho best in Aus- tralia. A Molbourno visitor" went into a Bnsbano telegraph oifloo and wrote out a toleghsm for Soudgato. "How much !" ho asked. "Ninepeuco" was tho reply. What I Nmepenco. Why I could sond a telogram from Molbourno to Hell for less than that." "That's oil right" en id tb© dork, "but you must remember Hell is within tho city limit down there." t At a banquet of the Liverpool Engineer ing Sociotv givou quite roooutly, Dr. Clm- vasso, 'Bishop of Liverpool, said that ibo engineers 'had dooo much to bring four remarkable peopl0 together, namely: Tho Englishman who loves the Biblo and bis b«er; the Scotsman who keeps tho Sab bath and everything clso lto lays bis bands on ; tho Wolslunau who prays on liis , knees qn Sunday, and on uit> neighbours on week days; und tho Irishman who never knows what, lie wants, and is never satisfied until ho gets .it. A prominent Russian statesman who hears a remarkably resemblance to the Czar was advised by his Majesty to try and aftor his nppeuruucc. "Why don't you share off your beard, Count !" asked Nicholas. "Your likeness to your unfortu nate Emperor my9 you open to terrible risks, going ubout in public as you do." "I will never alter iny uppoaranco sire," answered the faithful Count. "I am too proud of my resemblance to your Majesty." "Ah, well," said tho Czar, with a shrug, "I fear if you don't alter your face some of my Nihilist subjects will do it for you somo fine day." B Mr. Edison's long-promised storage bat tery, which, tho inventor claims, will solve somo of the most difficult traffic problems o! the age and reduco tlio cost of truciion enormously, was given ito first public trial at Now Jorsoy. Tho battery was in stalled in a special tramway cur carrying 24 passengers. It was oquipped with 210 cells, arranged under tho soale. 01 th«ao cells 200 woro for propulsion and 10 for lighting, tlio total horsc-powor boing 60. He car took a 10-foot grade with case and ran easily _ undor seemingly perfect control. Electrical engineers, 'while re serving, poblic comment, admitted thattho battery had dono what its inventor claimed for it. Mr. Edison bolievoo that tho bat- torp is destined to revolutionise uiotor traffic. Some candid criticisms of Dr. Cook, taken from tho Amorican Press i— " "He wau tho worst That over burst Into that Polar Sea." . r("Now York Evening Mail.") Well, Dr. Cook should ho used to a frost."— ("Columbia Star.") "Dr. Cook's discovery of Copenhagen is undisputed." — ("Toledo Blade.") "Ur„ Cook appears to hoad tho list of tlio six best sellers. -Ohin State- Journal-") . "And yet Cook was ono of tho men President Roosevelt did not call a liar."— ("Columbia State.") "In the University of Coneluigen to dav all, all aro "melancholy panes." — ("Now York World"). "Cooking tho records will gain new fojco and virility as a motaphoricnl expression." — ("Inffiannpolin News"). "The Danish experts respectively doclino to sup plant tho marines in this countTy." — ("Birmingham Age-Horald"). "If Dr. Cook will now . come back and toll how lie did it he can -l>o assured oven larger houses, ("PjltRliurg Dispatch"), Bill: "And did yer 'it 'ard." Jim' I should smile : I knocked 'im that fur into the bnsh bo died Tor want of water before ho could get back again. Seeing a coloured picture of tho King in his robes, a blackfellow. pointing to the picture, exclaimed : "That fella King belonga white man ? My word, he put 'om on plenty Government plimket !" The following advertisement appears in tho "Borlinor Zoilung" : — "Wanted, young man. about 3ft, of good family and faliU- lesa manners, who is capable of making "bright and entertaining conversation nt socinl' gatherings. Subjects not arbitrary, but racial and religious topics must be avoided. Musical gont-lemcn with musical, if- untrained, voices, who can sing to t|i® accompaniment ot thu piano, will ivccivo preference; nbo thoso who possess title or can prove noblo birth." A little bt>y wanted to giro his mother' a birthday present, and ho did not know what to give her, so at last he decided to girp her u Biblo. After ho had bought it ho did not know wltat to put on thu front page, so, aftor looking through ome of th<j books in the library, Iiq decided t<> put tho following on t "To deor mother, with thoauthor's compliments," "But, your worship," said tho prisoner, "I am not guilty of this crime. I luivo tlsreo witnesses who will mvcar that at the hour this man was robbed I was at homo in my own clumber, taking care of the baby.' "Yo» your worship,"' glibly i continued the prisoner's counsel in ex planation, "that is strictly true. W«» can prove a lullaby, your worehip." ' ' A stylish young . lady of the" Western district became engaged lately to it land owner. who had yet to mako the acquaint, nnce of lus fiancee's mother, a .ehenry flubstantin) dnnio. Sho was token to aco her prospective son-in-law, and as th«y passerl down tho gurdon path was much fiattcrod at hearing the ganloher observe to hia mate, "Which of 'em is jt, I won der ?" A Kitcbcuor story was told a few days ago bir one of tlio Imperial Bushmen who campaigned with Metheun in Rhodesia- Ono of the prisoners tokoti was a French man, who was sent off on a three hundred mile lournoy to Pretoria. 'J'ho Bushman met him in Paris two years aftor the war. and ho had still a grievance. ITo, a French offiotT and a gentleman, lu«i been grossly insulted at the time of capture by an English Tommy, who hnd expressed an ardent desire to pass his bayonet through the Fremhinana vitals. "At Pre. toria t complain of tho insult to tjio Lord Kitchener," oxplained tho ex-captivo, "but tho Ivord Kitchonor ho say. without trace of u sinilo. 'Ah, yes, tliat was very iTong indeed. You point mo out the man, and I will have him punished.' Now tho Lord KUcbenor, I am convinced, had full know, ledge that the gross Tommy was then afar." Much speculation is rife as to th© Per manency of artesian bores in Queensland, and pessimists will receive endorsement of their viow in tho fact tliat the bore at tho woolsbod at Lucknow Station, noar Hughendcn, lias receded from 33in.rovor tho casing to 2fU fib. below the surface, No. 3 bore alto' shows a decree so in flow, while No. 6, on Knigers Creek, lately put down by Wm. Hannay. h&s; & flow of 19in. over the casing. A theory has been advanoed to the effect that this bore is the cause of the diminution of flow in tho other two. but Mr. O. H. Fraaer, the manager, says be does not thtok so, as tho water in tho woolBhed and No. C is i totally differefik fa briq and tfffflpwatuto. During the year 16bS Now South Waled gained 26,394 additional people in tho shape of immigrants fiyiog from overbur- ; donod New Zealand, where Socialist legia lation has increased tha cost of food, rent, clothing, and 'furniture, until labour, when it can find omploymont, cannot make both ends moot. on The medical student is required nowa days, to know eomothing about sanitary soicuce. At tho last examination candi dates wore asked to writo a short essay upon th© subject of houso-huildmg. Ono young lady said: — "A good outlook to- wards tho rising sun is desirable. Build, If possible, on nigh land, or a slopo, so that th drainage or storm water may be carries away. It is also desirable to avoid building your house orer decaying vegetables or animal matter, such, for -oxamplo; as a doad horse." You can imagine tlio. young lady in somo future — : ; and possibly liappier— state faced with the great domestic crisis of Ucr life, which tlio practical and uneducated builder set- ' tl«s in his own brusquo way. "Lot' bleeo you, mum.! No. I wouldn't sell that lovely block of land. I'd bury the 'oxse." Lord Lamington, 6ays "M.A.P.," has the reputation of being odq of the most travelled of tlio poers. Besides bis long residence in India and Australia, he has visited America and many of the least civilised parts of the Far East- Ono of hie favourito schemes iB tho reform of pub.' lie houses. His wish is to soe tea, coffee, and light refreshments served more often At' 9Ucli places, and also games nowa pupors, music, und gardens provided for . th0 benefit of the customers. In other words, he desires to mako th© public-house a place of social entertainment instead" of merely a drinking place. Poor old Murk Twain is aged, sad- hcartcd, and weary of the world. "I havo not worked for tlireo years," ho isaid re cently, "anj fear tlwre will be no uiuro now work for mo in this world r this V" life." Fat© scorns to keep a special brand of tragedy tor these gentto-lleartad humor ists who bring joy into tlio lives of mil lions. Hood, Dickens, Thackeray, Scott, and Theodore Hook— sorrow and suffer ing descended on them all. The oyster boat had lust come in aftor a long and rough trip down the Bay. As sb© tied up to tho whnjrf tho captain called to the forehand, "Tho Boat 'sails . again this afternoon, BlU." "Docs .sho ?" said Bill, who, in his own langungo, was "fed up'' on salt horse. "Well, I won't slop her." He stopped the tram instead and (wiled for Woolloongabba. 