NE W SOUTH ?V ALES Miss Lorrimer, of Crahamscown, in the Adelong district, on receipt of a tele granm cotaining the intelligence of her brother's death, collapsed, and died before the arrival of a medical iman. The police have ascertained t.hat. the stones placed on the railway line which derailed portion of a passenger train last week and nearly caused another to leave 'the rails at Kaitoomba, were placed there by boys. A collision occurred yesterday after noon between two crowded electric tram 'bound 'for La :Perouse. It resulted in considerable damage to the rolling stock, and a munber of passengers were cut, bruised, and shaken. At the water-hole loop the first train pulled up to allow the incoming tram for Sydney to pass. The brakes of the second tram when nearing the loop failed to act, and the car smashed into the stat.ionary train. The driver of the second car escaped with a severe shaking, but the conductor (E. Cox) of the second car. Mr. Blake (Ytfra Bay), and Mrs. Talbot (Kensington) re ceived treatment at the hospital: Others were less seriously injured. C;ardinal Moran, speaking at St. Pat rick's Day sports yesterday, said that whil.t they were rejoicing their sympathy must go out for the dear old land of the West. Every grievance under w'hich Ire land was; suffering must be redressed and every blessing, justice, and freedom to which it was entitled must be granted. This would be the message he would transmit to the leaders of tle Irish party at home' from the great meeting here ass- embled:'-"The Gaels at Sydney on this Empire Day of the Irish race send greetings to the United Irish Parliament ary party with congratulhytionsj on the grand victories in the recent election con test, and best wishes for further tri umphs." (Cheers.) His Einminence repu diated the. statements that Home fRule for Ireland was synonymous with dis loyalty to the Empire. The Home Rl'e policy meant no disruption of the Em pire. Was Australia disloyal? There was no more loyal country in the warhole of the Empire. That loyalty and also that of Canada were fostered through possess ing the privilege of governing themselves and the Irish people wanted the zsa'n privilege as bad Australia and Cana-i.- countries which were the two wings of England's strength, the result of Hiome R~ale, which should also be granted to Ireland. (Cheers.) The Premier has received from the Agent-General the text of a warning issued by the Danish Government agalns' immigration The Ministry of Foreign Affairs publishes the following, as en quiries regarding the state of affairs in Australia and New Zealand are addressed to the Ministry for Foreign Affairs front day to day. The Ministry points= out that as the difficulty for immigrants to sub sist ii those countries iras latterly a 'ge-' ly increased, Danes in search of emplloy ment are earnestly dissuaded from going to the country named. The Premier has forwarded this cablegram for publica'tion in the British press:-"Waelc, Premier of New Souti \VWales, strongly resents the publication by the Da.nisli Ministry of Foreign Affairs of a warning against Australia as a field for emigration. THe states no country in the world to-day offers a better field for the industrious worker than New\ South W-ales. lUp to 10,000 of the genuine settler class in 1009 were all satisfactorily setled wit'h out delay. Practically no unemployed at the present timhe, but S huge unsatis fled demand for agricultural and domestic labour at remunerative wages. Since 1900 NMw South Wales has assisted! 14,009 immigrants. The Government is guaran teeing work to agriculturists and domes. tic servants, and placing them in satisfac tory employment the day of landing. Hundreds of these immigrants have made homes on the land, owning thie freehold, and are nodm prosperous farmers. AIl the others are earning adbout double the wages received in older countries. In the same period 179,594 people arrived In New South Wales, and 1278,019 in Aus tralia from oversea." 