HOTES FROM THE EAST. THE FARMER AND HIS HOPES AND FEARS. J Whether Australia's biggest river should, by the aid of locks and weirs, be converted into a great navigable waterway, with tribu- tary canals for lesser traffic, or whether the waters should be diverted on to the laud and used for raising produce of many kind6, is the great question about which the States concerned have never been able to agree, says the Melbourne "Weekly Times." The Murray Waters Commission declares itself emphatically in favour of irrigation, as against navigation. One of its recommen- dations is that "Except for stock end do- mestic supply, for settlement within a rea- sonable distance of streams, irrigation should be deemed the paramount use of the Murray River system." The proposal to spend be- tween £2,000,000 and £3,000,000 in construct- ing locks and weirs on the Murray and Mur- rumbidgee Rivers is condemned absolutely as an unjustifiable undertaking. At the same time, the Comnmsion docs not put the view-that on the construction of irri- gation works the river would necessarily be > rendered unnavigable. It is stated that "with hardly any larger expenditure than is--now incurred by the States in snagging, the navigability of the river might be con- siderably unproved." In another recommen- dation the Commission seeks to provide for measures by which, under certain condi- tions, "the period of navigation hitherto customary, be .preserved for vessels of a reasonable draught." For ftorage purposes, which, it is pointed out. must be provided, whether locks .or weirs are placed across the rivers or not, the Commission recom- mends the construction of big works at Lake Victoria and Cumberoona. The Labour Party-with its land taxes, its rural unions, and its export duties- claims to be the farmer's friend, says "Woomera," of the "Australasian," I met a farmer walking on the road, And sorry was the aspect that he showed ; Beside him, full of sympathyI strode. "Your back," I said, "beneath some burden bonds ; Your coat is quite a scene of wreckage ? ends" "Oh, yes," he made reply, ' "I met sow friends " "Vour purse," I said, "seems desperately light! There isn't half-a-doUar left hi slglit?" "My friends," said he, "have touched me that's all right." "Your cropß," quoth 1, "are withering in the air. And someone else has prigged the lion's share P" "My friends first helped themselves; mr half is there." 'You work," I said, "immeasurably hard?" "Well, someone's got to do it," he demurred ; "My friends are-playing euchre in the yard." "Bui. what is it," I cried, "that this por- tends ? This tax, this toll, this toil that nev»r ends?" "It proves",(he smiled) "how much I love my friends." The "Sydney Morning-Herald" says that the question is being asked in the jute trade, what is the use of prohibiting the im- portation of the old standard cornsacks and compelling merchants to import the new size, when the jute can be brought to Aus- tralia in the piece, and the old size manu- factured locally P "Hundreds of these old sized sacks are being manufactured here, to the detriment of the genuine importer," con- tinues the journal named, "and if they are not being used for wheat they -are most certainly being used for maize ; so the regu \- lation really fails in its utility. The altera- tion was made purely and simply, so it was said, upon humanitarian grounds; but if it was inhuman to expect a man to carry a large sack of wheat, so it must just as logically bo wrong to permit maize to be bandied in the large sacks, The point is, it it ia unlawful to import cornsacks of the old size it should be unlawful to use them. Naturally the maize-growers use the larger size, as the freight by the steamer is so much per bag. The only sure way of pro- hibiting the use of heavy sacks lies in the "?"* penalising by the railways and steamers of a bag weighing over a pertain limit. At any rate, where does the wharf labourer come in being compelled to lift these maize sacks? There is no doubt that a good deal of the j <L recent inactivity in the jute market has i been caused through the dealing in these I locally-made sacks. The weather has been just a little on the warm side for the time of year, though by no means unpleasantly so, says the "Aus- tralasian." There 'has been bright sun- shine during the day. followed by good night dews, the combined effect being a satisfac- tory growth of vegetation of ' all kinds. With occasional rains, which are nearly cer- tain to come and prevent the formation of a crust on the surface, the growth of grass, etc., before the winter fairly sets in pro- mises to be equal to that ot a favourable spring. It is questionable if autumn pros- pects were ever better from a pastoral or agricultural point of view, and the state- ment that a good season is practically a ¿ertainty is accepted without question. Ploughing is now being rapidly pushed on, ?md indications point to a substantial in- crease of the area under cultivation for cereals as compared with last year. The freshening of the pastures will greatly ""in- crease -the'production of milk, and so pro- long the lactation period that it is unlikely high prices" for butter will rule locally, a circumstance that will be appreciated " by eity and town consumers. The producers in this connection will get their profit from the increased quanlity of produce they will be able to put on the market. The attendance at the Royal Agricultural Society's Show, Sydney, readied 78,000, which is a record for Good Friday. The great ring attractions were the Palare .-gentlemen's hunting contest and the Dudley high jump. The first honours in the former were se- cured bj Highland Laddie, ridden by F. 'Moore. The Dudley, nigh jump provided good sport and not a little excitement. At 6ft. 4in, four horses were left in, Mahonga, Des- mond, Lady Mar till, and Napoleon. Mahonga cleared it after a lot of trouble. Desmond brought down the rail,' and then refused to try again. Lady Martin put herself out of the contest. Napoleon cleared the rail at the second attempt. It was then decided to divide first and second prizes between Ma- honga and Napoleon, and. the third prize between the other'two. A proposal to send the best of the winning wheat at the show to England has met with approval of the. exhibitors. Although long deferred, says the Mel- bourne Leader." it is a matter for con- gratulation .tbai äowafeeut action is at last being taken towards opening up the deposits of lime, which, as far as Victoria is concerned, are now found underlying large sections of the west coast, with pros- pects, under a proper search, of being found m many other localities as well. The value of lime in agriculture, is sufficiently recog- nised, but au atempts at bringing it into general use have hitherto been frustrated by the difficulties of obtaining supplies. Add- ing to the present high prices of lima its costly railway freight, tba rates are found Co be in -excess of even tue mott expensive class of artificial fertilisers. With abundant local deposits of lime only awaiting deve- lopment this should not be so; nor is it in accord with a reasonable commercial policy that prohibitive railway freights should be allowed to operate against production. This is the season of the year, says the Adelaide "Chronicle," at which, the candi- date abroad in the land is clamouring for the farmer to awake, arise, etc. ; the farmer is awake all right. If he had been the kind of man who dozed along and took his troubles of drought and pests, and fire and flood, lying down, things would have been very different in Australia to-day. When the fanner takes a litle more kindly to the cow and the hen he will be one of the most wide-awake establishments of the Common- wealth. He will have to be, for the dairy and the birds will fill in all of what does him for spare time in these prosperous days ot our poace-blessed country. Also, the cow and the hen will provide him with muon more of the dross, which, while it is ad- mitted it perishes, is so exceedingly useful a_ thing to have in the bank in the mean- time. Tho Chamber of Agriculture has decided, in view of the proposed extensive irrigation scheme, that the New South Wales Govern- ment should send a Commission" to the irrigation areas of California 'and other parts of the United States to become acquainted with the- méthode and prac I tices and the class of crops grown there. It was stated that arrangements were being made for a number of Californian farmers to make a trip to New South Wales to inspect the irrigation works at Barrenjack and generally study the farming resources of New South Wales with a view of in- ducing settlers to come here. The Sydnov correspondent of the "Times" cites instances of married im- migrants having been denied employ- ment because they were encumbered with children, and he concludes: "Until New South Wales farmers and squatters mend their ways it will be cruelty to send im- migrants with young children to Aus- tralia, or married couples not past child- bearing.'' The land-seekers' expedition to be sent oat by the Victorian Government is assumed by most people to have as its objective the United States. This may still be the piar* where Mr. Elwood Mead expects to get his most important settlers, but the seeking ot the expedition will not be limited to Ame- rica. An attempt will be made1 to secure Italian and Danish settlers als» The police have received information from Arltunga, Central Australia, that 13 inches of rain had fallen there in one night, causing heavy floods. William Bussell, or Hergott, was killed through portion of a house falling on him. One man was in a tree for ll hours, and three others were on a roof for that time. 