IMMIGRATION QUESTION. DANISH IMANIFESTO. PROTEST BY MR. WADE. SYDNEY, Saturday. Mr. Wade, the SLate Premier, has re celved from MLr. T. A. Coghlan, Agent Oeneral, the following communication, under date 11th February: "By last mail I had tile honour to for Ward to you a translation of a notice whlch has recently been published in tihe leading Swedish newspapers as a warning to Intending emigrants to Australia. I now beg to subjoin copy of a warning which has been issued by the Danish Government In the same connection, viz.: The Minister for Foreign Affairs pub Ilshes the tollowing:-'Ae inquiries re garding the State of affairs in Australia alnd New Zealand are addressed to the Minister of Foreign Affairs from day to day, the Ministry points out that as the difilcultles for emigrants to subsist in those countries have latterly largely in creased, Danes in search of employment are earnestly dissuaded from going to the countries named." In response to this, the Premier has caused to be despatched to the Agent General for pulblication in the English press, the following cable message: "The Premier of New South Wales strongly resents publication by Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs of warning afalnst Australia as field for emigra tion. He states that no country In the world to-day offers a better field for the Industrious worker than New South VWales, especially for agriculturists or rural labourers willing to go into coun try districts. Since establishment Go vernment assted system, 1906, immigra tion to New South Wales has grown rapidly, until now considerable stream arriving. Immigration Bureau, after ex hlatstlve chlleck of oversea arrivals and analysis s5atus passentgers, announce gain from Great Britain alone to New South Wales during 1900 of ten thousand genuine settler class. All these satis factorily settled without delay. PI'rac tically no unemployed In State present time; bult hlugo unsatls!ed demand agri cultural and domestic labour, remunnera tive wages. Since 190t; New South VWales assisted 14,0091 imumigrants, Government gunranteeing work agriculturists and do mostc servants. ond pla:ing in seatisfac tory employment day landing. Iulndreds of these immigrants made homes on land, owning freehold, now prosperous farmers; all others earning about double wages received older countries. In same period 179,594 people arrived in New South Wales, andr 278.09 In Australia.from over sea. In 1001, 51,025 people arrived Now South W'ValeS from oversea, and 83,009 In Commonwealth." 