News and hole* The Victorian inmngnation delegates, Messrs. McKeuzie and Elwood Mead,, were banquetted by the Victorian residents in London on Wednesday. /Loid Ooscheu presided, and said Britain welcomed the Victorian delegation. She did not grudge the men she sent as immigrants to Australia, for they would help to foster the Imperial spirit throughout all classes there. Replying to the toast "Our Guests" at tihe banquet to the Victorian imanignaiotu delegates in London on Wednesday, Mr. MoKenzio thanked the press, the people, and the aufhoritiesof Britain, who had welcomed them most generously. It had never been' suggested that Victoria was robbing Britain of the flower of her manhood. The fact that Britain imports 60 per cent, of foodstuffs, whereof Australia sends 3 per cent, alone, justified the delegation. Mr. Mead said that Victoria wouklbe well satisfied with the number of highottiamctered, thrifty, • energetfcf agriculturists they had secured. He. emphasised the importance of fostering small holdings,and instanced the large yields obtained from crops , of lucerne. The grower of Australia to-day would be the banker of Australia in the next generation. The dairymen selected as immigrants would soon make Victorian butter as well known Danish by enabling Australia to supply Britain throughout the year. Drummer Kneath, of the Cariff Territorial Forces, was some time ago sentenced to a tenia of imprisonment for alleged insolence to his captain. An appeal for a shortening of the sentence resulted in" a letter from Mr. Haldaue. In this he says: "If the nation is. serious in desiring a citizen army for home defence, and if no other will do, then citizens must conform to the essential conditions of service, and the vast majority of them do this willingly." Aooording to the Dublin "Freeman's Journal," Lord Dudley has either resigned or is about to resign his position as Govemor-^General of Australia, and Lord Pentlamd—who was till lately Mr. John Sinclair, Seeretaiy for Scotland—will succeed him. The reason is his wife's ill-health, and' because she finds that it would be detrimental to her to reside longer'at the Antipodes. The Federal Ministers have received no information, and when interviewed Lord Dudly said he knewnothing about the matter. It is suggested by a French aenmautri<s commission that in war time oceangoing liners and auxilliary cruisers should carry aeroplanes, as these would be valuable adjuncts to the work of roconauaissance. The Genman Social Democrats have issued statistics which, show that the party possess© a memberhip of 720,038, an increase of 86,729 over that in 1909. Its women members .number 82,642, aft increase' since 1909 of 20,383. " He party also possesses 76 daily newspapers. •Sixty Indians and 25 Chinese who were deported from the Transvaal,havesailed from Bombay for South Africa, where they intend to participate in the struggle against the anti-Asiatic barrier. A swjry of extraordinary bad luck was told in the Sydney Bankruptcy Court yesterday fey Michael Bull, a, farmer, of FrederickstoUj Macleay River. He kept 60 cows, and during hi6 five yeans' occupancy of the farm he ha danly one fair seaisonn. Sometimes his cheque for a month's operations reached £40 or £30. At other iames it was as low as £7. On one occasion he had, on account of tuberculosis, to destroy stock valued at £200. His" maize crop turned out badly in June of this, year, and, instead pf its yielding £1000, was only £300. A flood spoiled eight or ten acres of his best land last year, and all the watercourses were dried up. His troubles were added to by Irish blight, BO that he received notiiing for his potatoes when their price w^as £7 to £8 per ton, and his pigs contracted tuberculosis from the cows. Referring to the question of break of railway gaugue, Senator Pearee said yesterday that it was a question for the tihe State Governments, but with a view of making aworkable scheme of de fence transport, he intended to invite the Premiers of the States to approve of a conference between :their Railway Cornrmisionns and the representatives of the Defence Department. Another nest of nuggets was broken from above the 930ft. level at the oaJi HawkCanton mine.Ballarat, yes- * erday. . The specimens averaged 240 7-., and are estimated to contain 200 JX. of pure sold. Tihe refusal of the S.A. Government o remove Ganger -Thompson, who is aid to have harraased the men under is charge at Gepps Cross, led to one undred of the men laying down their, ools yesterday. The mon at the Milend goods siding also went out. A umber of members of tlw union went own to Parliament House to interview, he Premier, but no demonstration was ade. The men afterwards returned! o the union headquarters and carried esolutions affirming that they had aken their action entirely on their wn beihalf, and had not been cajoled nto it by their leaders. At the same eeting it was announced that 100 uarrymen supplying ballast for tlie ailway had struck in sympathy, and 50 more unionists at the Mile End oods siding are readv to obey the nion's signal to poll out to- morrow, orning. The position is a most deliate and important one. Both Governent'and union are determined in the and they have taken, md there is vwy possibility that wnk-as some firm tio nis taken, the st-uggfe will delop into an immense one. With! undreds of men out of wori^^e inustrial activity in Adelaide- at the ' esent moment has never been greatin the State's history. This is lookupon as the first test of strength beeen the new and old Labor parties A remarkable report has been ised as the result of a rneefeing off deletes from the danadtan Municipal wncila 3w!d at Winm'tux*. ft alleges a* Mr Pierpont at the head an organisation of United State* pHnKsts, bas aU the. principal city wlBses, water powers, and - «|8r. 