Victorian Immigration. Banquet to Delegates. LONDON. September' 1. Mr. Mackenzie and Dr. Elwood Mead, the Victorian immigration delegates, -who arc about to leave for America, were entertained at a banquet last night by .Victorians in London. Many leading com mercial men, financiers, arid merchants were present-, the attendance numbering 150. Among those present were Sir Charles Lucas (oi the Dominions department of the Colonial Office), Mr. Robert Rcid, Sir Tbomas Robinson (Agent-'Gencral for Queensland), the Hon A. A. Kirkpatrick (Agcrit-Gencral for South Australia), the Hon. John M'Call (Agent-General for Tasmania), Mr. R. C. Hare (acting Agent-General for West Australia), Messrs. T. J. Russell and Nivison. Viscount Goschen, who presided, said that Great Britain welcomed the Vic torian immigration delegation, and did not begrudge the emigrants, since they would foster an imperial spirit among all classes . in Australia. Sir John Cockburn, in proposing the toast of "Our. Guests," said that they were engaged in an Imperial mission,: and were solving the problem of the adjust- ' mcnt of tho population of the ' Empire. Mr. H. Mackenzie, in responding, said tlmt the Press, people, and authorities in Great Britain had welcomed them most' generously, and had not suggested - that Victoria 'was 'robbing Great Britain of the flower of its manhood. The fact that Great Britain imports 69 per cent of the foodstuffs, of which Australia sends 3 per cent, alone justified the. delegation. Dr. "Elwood Mead said that, Victoria would bo' satisfied' with the number of high-charactered, thrifty, and energetic agriculturists who bad "been secured. He emphasised the importance of fostering small holdings, and instanced the large yield from the crops. The lucerne grower in Australia to-day would he the banker of Australia in the next genera'tion. The dairymen who had been selected soon wouid make Victorian butter as well known as Danish, by enabling Australia to supply Great Britain throughout the .year. . Sir John Taverncr (Agent-General for ! Victoria) emphasised the absence of rivalry between the Australian States and the other overseas dominions iri immigra tion matters. Mr. Charleton, vice- president, of the London Chamber of Commerce. Sir John Bingham, of Sheffield, and " Mr. J. M. Pratt also spoke. 