Concentrates. Promised rain postponed. Golf is booming this season. Halley's Comet is diminishing. Court at Canbelego to-day (Tues- day). The Czar intends visiting Ger- many. Heavy rain fell at Adelaide on Thursday. Thursday last was Queen's birthday. N.S.W. Cabinet is considering compulsory voting. Mike Williams defeated Ranji Burns in three rounds. Prosecutions are being instituted against the Coal Vend. The Japanese Village Fair is be- ing much talked of. The Japanese tariff is a serious blow to British trade. King's Birthday next Friday. Mr. Mahony, liberal member for Annandale, will not seek re-election. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds, never fails. ls6d. It is generally believed that Mr. Deakin will lead the Federal Op- position. A movement is on foot to amalga- mate Orange and East Orange Councils. Sir George Reid now advocates young immigrants being sent to Australia. There are suits and suits, but O'Dea's suits give satisfaction all the time.* At Orange the Church of Eng- land cleared £100 from the Japan- ese Village visit. The Northern league team of English footballers arrived in Syd- ney on Thursday. At Wellington horse sales last week two-year-old draught horses realised up to £64. For Chronic Chest Complaints, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, is 6d. A fifth case of sly-grog-selhng, with a ;£5o fine, has been dealt with by the Stroud Court. The Danish barque Princesse Marie, missing for some time, has been given up as lost. At 20 out of 21 electorates in South Australia, majorities of the electors voted no change in license. King Edward's memory was celebrated in Calcutta by feeding 2000 poor and giving each a piece of cloth. . . ,% ' ? Promised that the proposed Rail way Decentralisation Committee's report will be available at, the end of the year. Mr. Minahau, Belmore'9 new member, promises to. devote his Parliamentary allowance to the re lief of the poor in bis electorate. At Shellharbor blue metal quarry 40,000 tons were dislodged in one shot. There were 16 holes each 3s feet deep charged with 22cwt of rackarock. The first conference of the Local Government Clerks' Assn. was opened in Sydney on Thursday. We understand Mr. Healy is at- tending the Conference. Mr. Fred Jennings, of Messrs. Jennings Bros., returned from Syd- ney on Saturday, where he went re- cruiting health after his attack of typhoid. He looks splendid. There are six candidates for the Labor by-election at Bathurst, namely: — Messrs. A. C. Wartou, J. K. Coates, W. W. Young, G. Gunter, JL C. Beavjs, and John Hayues. ? At Clarence siding last week 3000 railway workers went on strike because they were given a holiday pn Friday for the King's funeral and were tpld tb.e next day th.at they would not be paid for it. The matter has since been settled by granting payment. The quantity of wheat received at Darling Harbor during the past week came to 42,o44 bags, on which £here was a substantial increase of 32,726 bags as compared wjth the similar wedk last year. The total for the season amounts to 3,558,229 bags, and the increase to 1,879,203 There are stapked in the shed at Darling Island 28^,106 bags. The shipments at Darling Jsland during the season to date have risen to 2,463,68? bags. The wool received at the depot for the week totalled 1743 bales, an increase of 473, while during the season 782,322 bales have arrived, giving an increase of 4-2,287 upon last ttitQU, ' Mr. J. H. Jeffery invites tenders for building of a baker's oven. See advt. Lieutenant W. H. F Warren, of Victoria, has qualified for the com- mand of a torpedo-boat. For Children's Hacking Conghat Night, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. le 6d. The steam and gun trials of the torpedo boat destroyer Parramatta will be completed by June 18. ; A call of one penny is being made on all contributing shares in Bonnie Dundee mine, payable on 8th June. The keel of the first Australian armored cruiser is to be laid on June 23\. Sir George Jt.eid is arranging a fitting ceremony. Mr. J. O'Dea, Tailor, lfarskall- itreafc has remoyed t« premises adjoiaiag th* Pake* of Sweets, near Mr Uroa't. Ex teHsir* raagt *t all rariatiai af siiitiags, ?tc.— Mr. Geo Payne, Metropolitan Hotel, was the successful tenderer for the rights at the Hospital races on Wednesday week, June 8th. The first great skating carnival of the season will be held at the Stadium on Tuesday, 7th June, when liberal prizes will be given. Look out for programmes in a few days. — 0 Horse owners are reminded that nominations for the two principal events at next week's Hospital benefit race meeting close at 8 p.m. on Friday. The early dawn of the Japanese Village will take the form of a Social on Wednesday, 1st June, at the Masonic Hall; Tickets 5s, 3s and 2s.* Messrs. Pass Bros., of Portland, were robbed of ^240 on Tuesday. They were recently burnt out and the money was taken from the drawerof a table at their temporary premises. Mr. Phillip Lewis, known as a converted Jew bush missioner, is at present in town. He has travelled over 12,000 miles principally on foot. On Sunday night he presided in the Methodist pulpit at Wright- ville. The ABC of good buying is to go where the value is. The soon frayed shirt or the shortly shoddy shoe is no good to you. Try A. B. Campbell, the value buyer and shortadvance seller, Marshall-street,' Cobar.— 0 Tne dividends paid by the-I van- hoe Gold Corporation, Kalgoorlie, last year were ^240,000, .and raises the total of the dividends paid to ,£2,47o,0oo. The actual amount of gold raised was 1,310,908 ounces valued at /5,587,674. The Premier told the Liberal and Reform Conference on Thursday that the State doctoral rolls would be out in about a. fortnight and revision courts would be held a month later. He hoped every in dividual? elector would make it his or her business to see that his or .her name was on the roll. / A special display of evening wear. We are showing in one of our Linsley Street windows a lovely assortment of all the latest and up to-date goods for evening wear that can be procured, and it will pay you to visit us and see these before going elsewhere for your require ments. Do not forget the display will be showing in one of our Lins ley Street windows. F. W. Ward and Co.— 0. A sub-committee has been form- ed to arrange a benefit for Sid Burnett. His case is a sad one. Some twelve months ago he was burnt on the back of the hand at the Great Cobar. Blood-poisoning supervened and he was sent to Sydney, where his hand was re- moved to save his life. Burnett receives no benefit or could not re- ceive pay from the Government. Messrs. P. J. Condon, R. C. West, P. McGrath, Joe Dicks, Don Nicholson and E. Munro have been appointed a committee to carry out a benefit, and they have decided on an entertainment at the Stadium on Wednesday, June 15, when several boxing bouts will be put on, axe- swinging by Joe Rennie, clog-danc- ing by Don Applett, fancy skating by Tossey Andrews, and other items. The case is a most deserving, one and we cheerfully recommend it to Cobar people. Ladies, — The P. and A. Society's show has gone but ours is still on and it will pay you to come and see it before you go to smaller ones to buy your requirements. If you can not see your fancy in our windows walk inside, we will be glad to show yo.u round, and we guarantee to suit, If you have opt already bought your new hat come to us for we have the recognised milliner, of Cobar. No Sydney bought goodsi to palm on you. We will make your hat while you wait if neces sary. F. W. Ward and Coy^O During the hearing: in Bank ruptcy, last week of the petition of Mr. Crawford Bradley, a curious story of the debtor's life was given. Bradley was born in England, serv ed in the navy, and went through the Ashanti campaign. He came to Australia, married a waitress in Sydney, and bought his discharge from the force. Later'h.e S|;uclied psycho-telepathy at Boston, U,S^ A. , and practiced as a healer at Sau Fraucjsco and Sydney. After giv ing up practise, he became first a picture, then an insurance canvas ser, and subsequently a lecturer on spiritualism. Prior to filing his petition, he practiced as a psbclio tdeptbist, . I Nyngan show gate money amounted to £62. The agricultural section at Nyn- gan show was very poor. For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. i« 6cl. Nyngan is to have a telephone exchange. Quite time, too. Church of England concert at Wrightville on Wednesday, June 8. Mr. Louis Brennan is laying 100 miles of mono-rail in mountainous country in Alaska, being an exten- sion of the present railway. Unless something is done in the interim, the junior cadet force will cease to exist as a uniformed force on June 30, 1911, under the new Act. The New -South Wales lawn I tennis team on Thursday won the 1 Buckley CtiPi defeating Victoria by i 7 rubbers to three, and 17 sets to 1 121 - I If y«u feel tkat you waat ckange of air I Coma along to tka ' Jap Villag* Fair' I We'll giv* you full measare | Of daughter and plesiure, | And creryoae elie will ba there,' 1 The new electoral rolls for the forthcoming State elections will be published in about a fortnight. The revision courts will sit about a month later. The Minister for Works on § Thursday told a deputation that | . Government's policy was to make I Port Kembla the chief port of the I South Coast. . ,. 1 Though the comet is gradually | fading from view, the ''. -Japanese I Village Dance' will appear at the 1 ?Masonic Hall; Cobar, qtf 'iVednea- I day, 1st June, at 8 p.m.* 1 The Presbyterian General I Assembly has authorised a com- § mittee to enter into negotiations I with Dr. Chapman to select an evangelist to create a revival in Australia. -, Nearly 3OOO men employed on the Zig Zag -railway deviation work, near Litbgow, ceased work on Thursday morning owing to the refusal of the Railway Commission ers to pay them for the holiday last Friday. David Sampson, one of the shift bosses at the British mine, Broken Hill, fell from the staging at the 600-feet level to the bottom of a shaft, a distance of 200-feet, and was killed outright. The body was terribly mutilated. From the price on the sole to the top end of the tag, Campbell's boots stand for reliability and good^ wear. None quite like them, though a lot would like to be^ Premises are in Marshall-street. Double-fronted shop ; ladies' shoes to the right, men's boots on the. left, mercery right ahead. ? — o | Mr. Reid, manager of Wilgar Downs station, informs us that shearing will start there on 4th August, the number of sheep to be put through being about 50,000. We shall be pleased to receive dates of shearing, and approximate num- ber to be shorn from other holders not included in our list of shearing fixtures. The official opening of the rail- way from Cowra to Canowindra has been fixed. for Monday, July~4., The residents are anxious that the Min ister for Works (Mr. Lee) and the member for the district (Mn Wad* ;- dell) should be present oh the oc casion. The railway is 24 miles in , length, and the cost of construction '? j has been something over /TiOO.ObO. ? A jockey named Gallas 'pulled' a horse at a race meeting at Braila, ? ; Roumauia. 'The crowd excitedly . protested. Several bookmakers. ... drew revolvers and fired with bul lets. The murderers escaped. . Those Roumanian . bookies would ' have to escape pretty often in Aus tralia if they drew revolvers for such a common thing as ' pulling'- a horse. - . ? ?? 