GENERAL MEWS. I ? ♦ ? At the fii-t law term of the yeyr 011 Monday tho .Chief Justice, Dr. C'ullen, will preside. Tho total ? wheat yield of tho Dominion of Now Zealand for 11)03-9 was 8,772,700 bushels. . - ? An influential company has been formed -to provide effective services of taxi-cabs for the Australian capitals. , , Tho Director of Labour reports that several queuce of tho strike. Madame Melba hopes to present grand opera in Australia on tho scale of the great opera houses of tho world. 1 Tho Premier has arranged to address a num ber of meetings in tho principal towns along tho north coast during tho month. At a large gathering of parents and scholars in St. James' Hall, the 'Archbishop of Sydney eulogised tho State school system. At the inquest 011 tho body of William Short, who was found drowned in the Gwydir 011 February 6, a verdict of accidental death was returned. . Tlio Government has discontinued for tho j).'o.';ent supplying its imported coal to private consumers.' The wholo of the State importa tion's aro now to hand, comprising six cargoes. Another abortive meeting of the Brisbnne Municipal Council was held on Wednesday, on the (juestion of the election of Mayor, . Tho meeting adjourned until Monday. Hackonschmidt has issued a challenge to Scott, a Now Zealand . wrestler, to wrestle in tho catch-us-cutch-can style for tho champion ship of tho world and £50 11 side. at Wellington on Weclnesdny next. ?The Water Board , declures that Loddon Falls, through tourists, are. a danger to tlio Sydney water supply.. The catchment area, it is said, is being -polluted, aiid roprosentations aro to bo mado to the Government. Tho Court of Marino Inquiry , 011 Wednesday sat concerning tho stranding of tlio steamer Eden 011 December 19. The Court found that tlio accident was brought about by tho fault of tlio master, and called upon him to show cause. The prison population is lower than for many years. Cost of upkeep is practically as low as any previous year. Twenty years ago tho gaol population numbered 2360. To-day tho number of.'peoplo in gaol is only 1430.' Mr. Edward Reeves was thrown from his lioriiu at Mitchell Island, in the Ta roe district, 011 Tuesday night, through tho girth breaking, and died while being taken tp the Manning River District Hospital. He. was a widower and about 50 years of age. Tho death is announced of Mr'. H. E. King, lato Crown Prosecutor of Queensland District Courts, who resigned recently in consequence of ill- health. lie was a member of tho Legis lative Assembly of Queensland for many years, was Minister for -Works from 1874 to 187(3, ..and subsequently Speaker. A man named Walter Holloway , was taken to Wee Waa hospital from Burren Junction, suffering from phosphorus burns. It ap pears that I10 was pourjng tho poison out of n rl i'ii in to nriisnn rnbbits with wlion it ex ploded, blowing oft' his hut, and burning his right leg and arm. The number of persons drawing pensions in Queensland under tlio Commonwealth Old Age Pensions Act has risen front 6538 to 8003 dur ing tlio seven; months that tho Federal Gov ernment have had control of the pensions ad Tiinvstration. The disbursements under this hend in Queensland have thus reached about .0200,000. During a picnic nnd distribution of prizes in oonnection with . tho Wolumla Public school, held in Bryant Park, ,0110 of tho children, Jack Preston, agod 9 years, had h' pockot-knifo blade embedded in , .his log just below _ tho kneccup. 1 Tho .-blade broke off, and remained in*-. tho' leg.' ?? First aid was given on tho ground, and tlio child driven to Boga for medi cal- attendance.,.. Tho Danish and Swedish consuls stated yes terday that .neither - Denmark nor Sweden could spani agricultural immigrants. Thoy de clared that farm labourers woro bettor lookod after in Denmark and Sweden, and _ enjoyed bountifully cooked food. Tho. Premior _ was surprised at Count Morner s cable, winch ? lio says is, incorrect, so '.far as State-aided immi grants aro concerned. The llov. Mr. ' AValkor, secretary of tho Now Zealand Alliance, has worked out tho , drinl: bill for tho Dominion for last year. It am ounts to £3^628, 137, or £3 10s, OJd por hoad of tlio populations, being, a decrease of £123,831 upon tho provious year, notwithstanding - nil incroaso 'in population or 56,780. It is con sidered that tho increase in no-liconso areas and tho diminished spending power of tlio people both contribute', to tho decrease. ' Mark Barnett, a 'grocor, of - Slimmer-street, Sydney, was proceeded against at the Central Summons Court, Sydney,1 on an allegation of selling, at 370 Sussex-street, a. quantity of bad condoiised milk. The ovidonco was that Inspec tor Kenuh took- samples of tlio milk from1 a largo quantity and sent them to- Mr. Hamlet, Govornniont Annl.vst, who, upon examination, determined the milk damaged and deteriorat ed, and unfit for human consumption. ' A line of £20 was inflicted. The Butchors' Wages Board, presided over by Mr. George Walker, concludod a two days' inquiry in Armidnle 011 Tuesday night.' The ousinoss of tho board was to consider nn appli cation by the Federated Butchers' Union to nnply- tho nwnrd now in force in Nowcastlo to (ill tho North and North- Western towns from Aberdeen to Tonter/iold. After ovidenco had been taken tlio board adjourned. -Tho committee ,to denl with the employment of boys: and slow workers nnd the lodging of employees is to .be considered by tlio -master butchers. The names of those appointed to tho . committee will bo sunt, on for. the approval of the board. Mr.1 J. J. Ben,1;Arlnidalo, will bo tho masters' ropre- j Rent,ative, and- Mv. J .. B. Fitzgerald will prob I'tibly-'bo fji6minntod ? cliniVmanv 1 1 Cecil TJorcn lot 'Percy Wright, ,n young'rfinn. 'loaded mit- guilty Jit. the Dnrlinghurst Quarter ?fsessjons^p, a-^ohnrgo fof ' having ? stolon three (fwqreigns -.boldnging 'to; the. Railway Commis -R(onei's, ; Tlio '? accused 'wns . omployod in tho .boninng office at . the Central Railway Station, tuu it, was alleged that on . December 17 I10 tfiok three sovereigns from the ensh of Mr. ?'IlY19;, tho '''Iting clerk, and replaced them with three gold-onmtod shillings. Tho accused FrtVo eyiuonco tlmt . lio took tho soveroiens ns stated by way of a. joke, but when tho disco very was made ho was- afraid to sponk. Sub «'quentlv I10 admitted that he lind substituted the guilded coins without any fraudulent in tont. rhe jury returned a, verdict of not 'vi'r.Y' 1 foreman remarked that Wrights indiscretion wns deserving of sovoro nonsuro. After running for eight, 'consecutive, oven Sings, the fair in aid of tho now IR..C. nnthrwlral «it AVnridnlo, was brought to a coiu-liisl'on on Tiro.sda.v night*. Tha crtovts 1 nut for wn.nl met with a highly gratifying result, mid when accounts aro finally ad Justed', the nott procwxls aro estimated to total 'approximately £100f-. Most, of tho vnluablo prizes which were disposed of, won b,\' local ro.sident s. A nmccnlflcon't bed spreiwl, for which theve were 101 1 claini nnts, is yet to l.-e disposed of. At Milchenijowrie on Wednesday a muster of son cattle, stranded by the rece.nl. Hoods, took place, the rendi.woust V.eintt IfJlenciie. About '10 reps uvre pre.-^mt, V.IIII.I.I1K 'I'' ?'?-' U' ij---v,i.i-h.-. 1.™ j (MO beasts were plnfmud. One nwm got Mi'i7 bullocks out of a total of '1117 lest, while another owner recovered 200 out of UfiO, l'rocee-lings wen- o£i n friendly charac ter throughout. lvniairtiler ot /the but tocks are to 'he impounded, which is the only courso available. .'Four cnttle belong ing to Mi-. W. II. Newnham, six belonging 1n Alilihen^owrie. and fiv-\ lielonging to Mr. W. 1.'. (Trover, . wero found alivo aftor the tlood about. '-O niiles lii-low Na,.-r;ibvi. Soven '?attle' from iHec'tive t.urnwl up bctwwn Bog gabri und Nni'rabri, 