SUMMARY. The British mission has arrived in Paris to formally announce King .George's accession, (Page !i.) At a meeting of seamen, Mr. J. II. Wilson said that Chinese colonies ' were being formed .in Great, Britain. (Page 6.) At a meeting oi seau.cn at Poplar, Mr. J. II. Wilson, said that whito reamen wcr0 treated as slaves. (Page 6.) 'Hopes arc entertained for the recovery of the Hon. Alan Boyle. (Page 6.) M. Morane won £3,000 at the Bourne mouth aviation meeting. (Page 6.) At Cromer. in Norfolk, recently a woman shot her husband, and committed suicide. (Pago 6.) An actor was shot dead in his flat at Battorsea on Sunday. (Pago 0.) Four , persons have been killed by a Iram- taxicab collision. (Pago G.) , A youth in Neweastlc-on-Tyne cut his sister's throat, and then stabbed liis father, and has been . arrested for mur der. (Page 6.) After forcing a woman to swallow poison, a man named- Salisbury, at Galgato, near , ' Lancaster, committed suicide. (Page. 0.) The steamer -Mongolia has been re floated. (Page;®.) The seizure of a British trawler by a' Russian gunboat is causing a great ileal oi indignation. , ..(PagcteO.) The British trawler seized; . by the Russians has been released. (Page 0.) The railway authorities sav that the report' of the accident to -the immigrant train, in Canada, -was exaggerated. '(Page 0.) Forest fires are raging in British Columbia. (Page 0.) The American Secretary of States is contemplating intervention in the Nicara- guan trouble. (Page (I.) The police are investigating the death of Crippcn's first. wife. (Page (I.) Four women friends of Mrs. Crippcn arc searching the steamers arriving at New York. (Page 0.) Mexico and the United States of 'Ameriea are negotiating a treaty for the registration of airships. (Page S.) Padcrowski, on unveiling a statue of King Jagello, recently received a great ovation. (Page 0.) A Danish aviator has crossed the Sound of Malmoc. (Page -6.) The Emperor William has become patron of the principal turf- club in Berlin. (Page -0.) The Emperor or Germany has presented to Norway a statue of Fritlijof. (Page C.) Trouble has arisen amongst the Ger man Socialists. (Page 6.) A number of German newspapers are publishing articles relating to Ihe rela tions existing between Germany and Great- Britain. (Page 0.) Many newspapers in Germany resent the attempt to saddle the public with the responsibility of rejecting British overtures for a reduction in armaments. (Page. 8.) Heavy floods have occurred in Assam. '(Page 6.V Herr F. O. Licht, oi Magdeburg, shows that the product-ion of beet sugar . in Europe has decreased by 210,000 tons. (Page 0.) An attempt recently was made to as- sassinato the Secretary for the Interior of the Philippines. (Page (8.) A number of the Chinese pirates at Calowon have been captured. (Page (1.) Notices of the termination of Japan's commercial treaties in 1-011 have been sent to the European Powers. (Page 0.) The South Brisbane Council met last evening. (Page 4.). Ithaca Town Council met last evening. iP&ec; 4.) . The criminal sittings of the District Court were continued yesterday. (Page 