TELEGRAPHIC Sydney, Thursday. Another development in connection with tho Northern Wages Board sitting at Nowoastlo took placo yesterday. Mr. M. Charlton, M.L. A., on behalf of tho mon,- asked for an adjournment for a wook with a view to bring ing about a settlement. Ho suggested that Judge Scholes should aot as a mediator be-' tween tho parties. Tho Judge expressed his willingness to act in that capaoity, and con- ? . sented to an adjournment with a viow to tho parties deliberating as to tho beat mothod of bringing about mediation. Mr. Charlton had proviouBly proceeded to tho Dolegato Board, where, aftor adebato, ho succeeded in carry ing a resolution to tho offeot that ho bo om-1 powered to mako application for an adjourn ment of tlio Wages Board until Wednesday, with a viejv to preparing tho ease for the Federation. With tlio Dologate Board favor able, all doubt as to the ultimate result has been removed. Tho noxt obstacle to over come is that of inducing the proprietors to grant a conference. There is ovory prospoot that if tho proprietors aro disinclined to meet tho men of thoir own free will they will have to doitovon against thoir will. Judge Soholos has hinted that he intended to use his authority to bring about a meeting, should it becomo necessary to do so in tho intorests of settlement. A resumption of Work will, therefore, be looked forward to at an early dato. The Labor Bureau reports that tho strike has been tho 'main cause for tho unemployment of somo thousands of workors. Tho seorotary of tho Factory Workers' Union estimatos that at least 2500 such workers aro idle as a result of the strike. Tho building trade is almost at a standstill. Only 6 per cent, of tho brick layers aro at work, which means that up wards of 600 men aro availablo if bricks were obtainable. Brickmakors and brickworks are almost wholly unemployed. The Doputy-Comptroller of Prisons' report states that tho prison population is lower than has been tho case for many years, while the oost of administration is praotically as low as it was in any previous years. Twenty years ago tho gaol population numbered 2,360, and tho population of the Stato was then little over a million. To-day tho number of peoplo in gaols is 1430, and the population has in creased by nearly 600,000. In 1891 one per son out of every 445 of the population was in gaol, and this year only one out of every 1149. Two Japanese oruisora, carrying a number of cadets, aro expected to visit Australia next month. On Monday night last Benjamin Hutchinson attempted to stop two men from fighting in Albert Park, Melbourno. One of the men turned on him, and felled him. Tho peace maker's head came into violent contact with . the pavement rendering him unconscious. He was removed to tho hospital, where he died. Both mon ran off, but Robert Warnecke was subsequently arrested. Premier Wade has arranged to address a number of meotings in tho principal towns along the North Coast before the end of the month. Ho will loavo Sydnoj* on or about 21st instant, and his mission will be to urge upon eleotors to accept the Federal referen dum in respect to the financial agreement, and the taking over of Stato debts. He will also oombat tho arguments which Mr. M'Gowen put forward during his recent tour. Mr. Wade expects to be absent for about ten days or a fortnight. Tho Danish and Sweedish consuls state that neither Denmark nor Sweden can spare agri cultural immigrants. The Minister for Cus toms declares there is room .in Australia for thousands of immigrants, provided thoy are of tho right type. Premier Wade states that the demand for immigrants by employers is largely in excess of the supply. The wreck of tho steamer Waikaro was sold at auction for £200. Later. When the compulsory Wages Board met this morning Mr. Charlton renewed his ap plication for an adjournment till Wednesday, but Judge Scholes refused the application. The miners promptly withdrew from the court. The situation is again very serious, and it is likely the strike will continue. A shocking disaster occurred at Homebush to-day. Austin Barker and two other men were walking along tho railway line, when they were overtaken by a train. Barker was killed instantly, and the others sustained severe bruises. John Webb, a canvasser, committed suicide at tho Glebe by taking strychnine. He was worried over financial matters. The Northern leaders are willing that the Southerners should return to work. The Wollongong minors aro very restless, and ex press their indignation at the present state of affairs. It is almost certain that there will be a breakaway from the Federation in many quarters. This afternoon Judge Soholes, upon re consideration, granted an adjournment of -the W ages Board, and consented to act as media tor. Ho is now engaged in that capacity. The strike is now regarded as practically ended. The Southern delegate board met at Wol longong to-day and decided to take a ballot with a viow to tho resumption of work. The ballot will taken immediately, and the result is anticipated to give a majority in the affir mative. London, Wednesday. The British Government, pending the budget, is borrowing on shart-dated Treasury bills. The Somali mullah is killing and pillaging friendly Somali tribes, and has looted 1000 camels. While oelobrating Mass at Villafranca (Italy) a priest fell unconscious on the altar stops, tho sacramental wino having been poisoned. Tho first of tho Commonwealth's torpedo boat destroyers has been - launohed on the Clyde. A ' Jaok the Ripper' is terrorising Paris. The profits of tho Hamburg- American Ship ping Company for 1909 wero £1,600,000. The Earl of Onslow says the oonsensus of opinion is that ' a ourront of fresh air ' should bo admitted into the House of Lords. 