THE WEEK. /T1 HE Federal elections will take place. J- about the first week in April. It is a little too soon yet. for the note of active preparation to be sounded. But the Minis- try will shortly be considering the pro- gramme 10 oe submitted to the country') and lists of candidates are being put for ward with some pretensions, of authority. Apart from the differences between Liberal and Labor policy, the question of largest in terest is the financial agreement with .the States -wrhich the people are being asked to ratify. On this point the Labor view is more in 'accordance with Liberal require ments than the attitude of the Fusionist Government. Under this agreement Feder rial independence in matters of finance will be sacrificed, and an intolerable burden in the future will be placed on the Common wealth. It is true that in the present posi tion of the revenue no difficulty will be experienced in meeting the State demands, and that for the time being the Federal Treasurer will be .relieved from anxiety. The objection raised to the agreement is not as to the amount, but to the proposal that the Commonwealth shall be bound un der practically unalterable conditions to contribute for all time to the States a pro portion of the Customs revenue, which may be greater than it can bear. Sanction was given to the agreement in the Federal Legislature under conditions of pressure. Happily, the people are free from this re- straint, and will be able to exercise an un fettered judgment. The Governinent has wisely resolved in its own interests to leave candidates a free hand. T T is evidently Lord Kitchener's inten tion that his inspection of Australian military defence shall not be merely a per functory affair. He is an ardent believer in the policy of "thorough," and he under stands the supreme necessity of efficiency in preparation. He has shown by his ac tion in Queensland that he is not content with any cut and dried schemes in connec tion with the military camps; and he has caused some consternation in the official ' minds by his resolve to test the resource fulness and readiness of officers and men by applying tests of his own devising. The true soldier will not shrink from the sever ity of the ordeal. On the contrary, he will take it as a compliment to be regarded seriously, and he will find in any mistakes that are pointed out the material for valu able lessons. Lord Kitchener is not likely to pass over without observance the grave weakness apparent in our military system manifested in our failure to make .adequate provision for the training of officers. If ' a complete soldier cannot be manufactured in a day, it is still more certain that those entrusted with the responsibility of leader ship are in need of more effective" train ing. This aspect of national defence has not been taken sufficiently into account. The training of officers is an essential fea ture of organisation, and so far little or nothing has been done in this direction. We do not underrate the spirit and energy which have been displayed by those who have given their time and attention to the duty of soldiering. But they will be the first to appreciate the absolute need of bet ter "methods. np HOUGH marked by occasional bursts of JL . heat, the summer so far has not been of an exceptionally oppressive character. In deed, we are told, on official authority, that the year has been slightly' below aver age temperature, and that there have been no violent extremes. The human thermo meter might be disposed to challenge this assumption in view of the present discom fort and the memory of some very trying days. But the figures of the Government Meteorologist, like Salem Scudder's photo graphic apparatus, "can't lie," and the re cord shows that the average, mean tempera ture has been fairly even. Apart from ' the heat, we are mostly interested in the rain. There have been some striking peculiarities in the seasonal distribution of the rainfall. For the first four months the reins were about the average amount, ex cepting in the nort&east;, where rains were rather heavy in March and April. The next fo.ur. months — May to August — consti tuted a very wet period, which culminated in almost, if not quite, the greatest gene- rel flood rain ever experienced in this State. The" excesses above the average for these "four months ranged from about 28 per cent, in Gippsland to 85 per cent, in the mallee. The last four months have' been as extraordinarily dry, as tbe previous four were wet, the deficiency ranging from 8 per cent, in the Western district to, 55 per cent. -in the Northern country.. The most remarkable meteorological phenomena over the Commonwealth for the year were a severe cyclone in northern Queensland on 13th January; "Willy-willies" on the "north- west coast of Western Australia, 19tn January and 5th April; a cyclonic storm off the New South Wales coast, producing heavy rains and floods in Gippsland, 1st to 4th July; the great flood rains of 19th and -20th August, which especially affected Vic toria,vaudTe?nisgd in some of the rivers iloodlf grpafetitha'peyer previously known; a yohcfiivfql auriral display, 25th Septem ber! s£eWi;din Pert%t6/Brisbane, and very col(\Kveatlieif/,9ty. 23rd</Jaffuary , with snow on tl-edsterhv.highlai.S'bf Victoria. N sitSbf7the'b6gsli| utterances of X Mr. IeKjBpingtlW coal trouble in New South \Vale£Js'hoMeai'er settlement. The miners still continue their self-imposed holiday,- and the mine owners are callously indifferent to the loss and inconvenience which their attitude entails on the public. It is simply obstinacy on both sides which prevents an amicable arrangement. The miners' grievances, remitted to the con sideration of an impartial tribunal, might readily be dealt with, but the men under the ' futile leadership of those in whom they put confidence, refuse to accept a re ference to the industrial courts established by law. They claim an open . conference, though this would really place them in no better position, and as the mine owners re fuse this concession, the community is com mitted to further sacrifice. How long this condition of things will continue depends oh two circumstances. If the miners out side the Newcastle radius are brought to a recognition of their chivalrous foHy, and go back to work, this action will impose an invincible pressure on 7 both minet owners and miners in the Newcastle district. The former will fear the permanent loss of trade, and the miners will not appreciate being left to fight their battle alone. Ano ther inducement to settlement will be found in the arrival of coal from outside sources. Steamers laden with coal from Japan, Calcutta and Great Britain will soon be pouring in supplies, and once the community is no longer open to coercion the strike will collapse. TWO acts passed during the last session are now bejng brought into opera tion. One of these, the Water Act, affects country interests; the other, the, Factories Act, has more special application to towns. In regard to the former, the purpose of this measure is to remove difficulties which hitherto have hindered the successful opera tion pf our, irrigatipn. schemes.. The State has expenffed'Targe sums in .the promotion of irrigation; -and the system is one on which it is no exaggeration to say that the future progress and prosperity of the coun try depends. The change of methods has- been made on .'he advice .of- AJr. Ehvood Mead, who has won the confidence of cul tivators by% the knowledge and the skill he has displayed. Under the new system the Water Commission will obtain full control. The most important change, however, is that instead of the charge of water for irrigation being made on the valuation of the land, it will be based entirely on the cost of the supply. There will -be a com pulsory 'irrigation charge, which it is ex pected will be in force in several districts at the beginning of the' next financial year. The Factories Act, though suffering from the mauling it received in the Legislative Council, will improve the conditions of the workers in several new trades. The wages board system receives further extensibns, the coal and gold industries now being brought within its range. The general powers of wages boards are also increased, and there- are additional regulations in re gard to the closing of shops. ACTIVITY is to be shown by the Rail way department during the. current year in everything but the electrification of the. suburban system. Nearly a mil lion is to be expended in the construction of new railways which have been authorised by Parliament. The lines now in progress are', the Ouyen to Cow Plains, Nyora to Woolamai, Beech Forest -to Crowes, and the Beeac to Newtown lines. Those about to be proceeded with include Bairnsdale to Orbost, 60 miles; Jeparit to Lorquon, 14 miles; Gheringhap to Maroona, 103 miles; Noradjuha to Toolondo, 11 miles; Woola mai to Powlett, 14% miles; Eltham to Hursfc's-bridge,. 0% miles. Other railway proposals failed to pass the ordeal of in vestigation by the Standing Committee, and there are many schemes which' have yet to be dealt with. The work now in hand, however, will keep the construction branch of the Railway department fully oc cupied for some time to come.' Besides railway lines, there are many other works which will involve heavy expenditure. Ad ditional sidings are to be provided at many stations, and over £25,000 is to be ex pended on new station buildings. In creased facilities of traffic are required in many directions, and new '-bridges are to be built over the Yarra and Saltwater rivers. Then there is to be a heavy out lay on new rolling stock. According to a report- prepared by tjjo Railway Commis sioners, the numberif6f ' passenger journeys during the last ten'3rears has increased by 77 per cent., and the goods -tonnage has doubled, yet rolling stock equipment in the same, period has not been increased to any thing like the same degree. The . heed 'for - ah increase of- rolling stock has been strongly declared, and longer delay is not considered' advisable. Altogether the ex penditure contemplated in this direction will exceed £155,000. MR. JUDK1NS is on. the war path \- again, and is ready to start anew on a crusade to reform the morals and . manners of the community. In many phases of social improvement there is room for vigorous and . active . effort. Not that we are prepared to admit that Aus tralians are so deliased a people as some of our Pharisaical critics -are ready to al lege. We have our faults, no doubt m\ny of them;- but we are not the drinldng, gambling,' immoral nation which the pul- ' pit thumpers of Wesley Church are so eager to denounce. Moralists of the Judkins order are too prone to damn the things they have no mind to. They seem to consider that all evil is confined within the narrow limits of one or two vices to . which they have no predilection. Besides, it must always be borne in mind that every man who takes a glass of wine or beer is not a drunkard, and every, bridge player not a confirmed gambler. If the efforts of "some reformers are di rected against excess in any form, they will gain a large adhesion, but there is a natural disposition to revolt . against the endeavor- to force all peopje to live ac cording .to their particular standard. Where there is no evil the convenience of the- community ought to be considered. It would be tyranny if the drinkers tried to persecute teetotallers into an abandon ment of their particular tenet, and the obverse of the argument is equally sound. Regulate the drink traffic in the general interest, but the legitimate requirements of the people must receive attention. So with the gambling craze. Regulation and restriction furnish the true remedy. The totalisator would diminish the evil without depriving the people of their sport. But Mr. Judkins will give no heed to the counsel of common sense. WHILE Australia' is placidly consider ing tne desirability of increasing its - population, Canada is - making long strides in the way -of national development; During last year she added to the number \- of her people 185,670 immigrants, and those from the United States alone brought iri additional capital to ' the extent !of £45,000,000. It is impossible to over-esti mate the advantages derived from this Pactolian stream. Australia in soil and cli mate can present a more attractive oirUooh1!' and if proper energy were displayed in fos tering immigration wo should be able to equal if not to surpass the Canadian re cord. -But there is no strong determination evinced on the part' either- of the Federal or the State Governments. Those in autho rity seem paralysed by the fear that public opinion is not in favor of encouraging an influx. The working man is .supposed, to, be'- hostile to arty' proposal promoting com petition- with" his-' owh ;;chances' of' employ-, ment. This -is a ; very sliort-sighted view,; and would disappear, if strenuously, con-' troverted. .Australia's, population might be doubled,' trebled, quadrupled, with in finite benefit to ever ybody; if the preHmi- nary preparation were made to secure the absorption of the new arrivals.- Canada lias not' :only shown 'remarkable ability in advertising her resources, .but has -. dis played equal energy in the fulfilment .of her promises. Australia, ..except on the coast fringes, is practically unpeopled, and though some profession has been made, nothi has really been done to remedy this condi tion.- It is time that action took the place of talk. ' WIRELESS telegraphy is being turned to practical account by the adoption of a scheme for linking up. Australia .and New . Zealand with various islands of the Pacific. The conference which recently met to consider this matter has come to some definite conclusions. It has been re solved that the Strife rand the State" alone shall have any authority, and .-the -Pacific Radio-Telegraphy Company is courteously hut peremptorily set .aside. From the political aspect it is deemed, desirable that there shall "be no intrusion of private in terests. High power wifeless stations' are to be establish ed in Sydney; at Doubtless Bay, New Zealand; at Suva, Fiji; and at Ocean Island. These stations will have a normal range of 1000 nautical miles, and communication from -Sydney.' to New Zeal- land, from New Zealand to Fiji, and from Fiji to Ocean Island, will thus be main tained. Then there are to be two medium power stations, with .a range of 500 miles, one ait Tulgai (Solomon Islands) and the other at Vila (New Hebrides). The cost of- this scheme will amount to something con siderable. The Commonwealth will bear the cost of the Sydney station, and New Zealand that . of the one <jt Doubtless Bay. But in addition a share will be takeD in the construction and . maintenance of the Pacific stations, the Common wealth contribution amounting 'to nearly £13,000 for construction and about' £4000 for maintenance. The Imperial Go- vermcnt is contributing- generously to the general cost, its proportion, amounting: to not less than £30,000. The linking up process is recommended on the ground that it will promote administrative efficiency, consolidate British interests, and be of' paramount importance in the aspect of defence. It is also expected to encourage the development of Australasian trade with, the islands of the Pacific. THE labor position under legislation is uncertain. In England the final judg-. ment 'of the House of. Lords has declared, that union1 funds cannot be diverted to the support of labor representatives' in Parlia ment. This will, strengthen' ithe demand for a. general system of payment of mem bers, or will involve the collection of a voluntary contribution somewhat after the manner in which Irish members aire as sured a living wage. Here in Australia also the labor position is gradually being de-' fined by the slow process of judicial deter-- minatiop. In industrial awards recently made by Judge Hcydon in New South Wales he has declared in plain terms the duties of wages. boards in settlement of dis-' putes. In considering an award , of the' Shop Assistants' Board, which allowed all assistants who had been inffihe same ser vice for twelve months a week's holiday on full pay, in addition 'to the ordinary public holidays of the yealr, the judge- held that this was a concession beyond the power of wages boards. It might be an excellent and equitable provision, but the matter was one for the Legislature to consider; and not for -the "wages board, which must not inter fere with existing rights ' one whit ' more than was necessary for those purposes. If it was within -the power of a wages board to order an employer to pay for nothing, it was equally within its power to order an employe to work for nothing, a reversal of the proposition which , would certainly not meet with assent. 'In another ease, Judge Heydon emphatically asserted the principle that while wages boards were to put down sweating and see„ that at least a living wage was paid, in the main they were not 'boards of benevolence at the ex pense of other people, but board's of fair ness between all the interests concerned. LAND Banks have contributed largely to the amazing prosperity of Denmark. In the opinion of acute observers nothing has . done more to establish and increase prosperity. Denmark, like Victoria, is a State of small dimensions, whose progress, must depend on the development of pro? ductive 'power. As a means to this end it is necessary that every encouragement shall be given to the extension of the agricultural . industry' in every direction. Cheap money is an . essential, "and the land banks and so called credit unions supply this requirement in a manner which' en ables the honest and industrious' man to enjoy the advantages of capital without any discordant result. The history of the ' movement in Denmark is well worth "atten tive study. . Thirty years' ago it was seen that agriculture was languishing through being unable to come into touch with capi tal. , Then the idea was "conceived of es tablishing credit unions which , would en able small farmers to obtain loans on the security of their t > improvements, with the assurance' that . money would be ex pended in expanding production; Through the virtue of co-operative finance wonder- ful i-esults have been achieved. Within 30 years £45,000,000 has been lent out iti this manner. "All "fcliat the State has <lbn6 besides a .small- contribution to initial ex penses -hae'I5renTo, guarantee "the payment, of all interest due by the union, to its credi tors; 7Butih:not a siilglec'ase has" there' been any -fleniattdl. made upon the State in';' this, rrapect." : " The .people tyve b,een bene-' fitted,: and -<there has. been, no- loss to any one. Surely this 'is ail I example to be followed. ' ' . ' "¥7T ICTORIAN endeavor in . the eame- V direction has not., been 'unsuccessful but we are far froiriaimieririg 'the -.same re sults. The Credit Fonrier- system was created in response to the demand made for cheap money, and it has done good work .within the. limit of its restrictions. But the system has been conducted in too conserva tive a spirit.- In 1896 a department was established in connection with the Sayings Bank for the purpose of making advances to farmers. Loans have been issued to the extent of £2,300,000, and - mortgage - bonds have been redeemed to the extent of £873,000, so that there is left outstanding about £1,250,000.. These represent about 3000 loans. Contrast- these figures with the £45,000,000 .. lent ' -in . Deiumark, ottering 23,710 loans. . The. Danish. . system, .while equally safe, is far. lees rigid. The borrower receives 4 per Cen.tr bonds, guaranteed by the State, and these, regarded by- the public as a gilt-edged investment; are in great de mand, so. that there is ho difficulty in im mediately -converting them: into money. Only owners are admitted as members of this "union whose property does not exceed £550 in. value. No -loan is granted beyond 50 per cent, of the value of -the -holding. The borrower is liable for the repayment of this debt with all his belongings. -He pays the interest on the bohd, and, generally, 1 per cent, to the reserve fund, one-fifth, per cent. for . administration, and finally. 1 per cent, towards, the redemption of his loan, which is' effected" at. the end of '.forty-five yeans. ' As long "as a borrower fulfils his obligations the loan -cannot be called in. If he cannot make the payments when due, the union may seize his property. - This step has been necessary only , in six. cases out of 23,710 loans, and itihe union has never suffered a loss. It has built up a re serve fund exceeding £60,000, a certain per- rentage of which is -now applied to-reducing the ..charges for ..borrowers. Agriculture ; is thriving in Denmark, -and the magic . has been wrought through this simple operation of cooperative credit. ; . ' , " rgTHE Issues involved in .the .British elec- A tions. are manifold. There, is. the. fiscal question, the all-important considera-"- tion ; o'f national defence, the ending or' mending , of the House' of "Lords, and 'many Subsidiary - matters, which; nevertheless may be expected to exercise considerable' -influ ence on the results. In these circumstances, it will be almost impossible to obtain a de finite mandate from the people, though doubtless after the outcome . there will be no hesitation in bold -interpretation. The subject of supreme concern 'should be that of the national security; ; If. Great Britain loses its position injhis -respect, other com side rations become of, small account.; Mr. Asquith and Sir Edward Grey are trying- to reassure public opinion, and declare that every precaution is being taken. But their statements are strongly discounted by facte, and it will not be' surprising, if votes arc cast against the. Government by those who believe that Imperial considerations have been sacrificed to party interests. On the question of- tariff reform, there iff little doubt that a wonderful - change has come over the public appreciation of the fiscal issue. Mr. . Chamberlain declared that- he would win on the second appeal to the county, and there is,. every indication that this forecast would "be- justified if the- -de; termination could, be taken on this' single point. But feeling has been strongly stirred against the obstructiveness of the House of Lords to Liberal legislation. "It is in this aspect, and in this aspect alone, that the Government can hope for victory; FREE Traders are reduced to a piti able condition of argumentative in consistency. They are finding all their in genious theories and assertive dogmas shat tered by the application of incontrovertible facts. Nations which are giving practical application to the principle of protection are expanding their foreign trade, while assuring the home market to the local pro ducer, ' while Great Britain, the one1 ex ample of free trade, is losing ground in the hard struggle of competition, - and is finding that her own: people . are doomed to the evil of non-em ployment because of, foreign rivalry.' These facts are proved by the. series of official figures recently issued by the Board of Trade. In contrast with Germany and the' United States, it is shown that Free, Trade Englandsis falling back, and that the protectionist countries are making superior headway in all -the salient conditions -of pro gress. Figures showing the growth of the foreign trade, (luring the past 25 years prove that while Germany -has more than doubled ' her trade, and the United States lias nearly reached to this level, the advance of Great Britain has not been more than 50 per cent. In the export trade Germany and the United States show much the better results. Then in the export of manufactured goods, which mean work and wages to the working classes, both the protectionist countries, sur pass in increase the United " Kingdom. Under free trade food, has Become dearer, and employment has decreased. If the issue of the Lords had not beeqj. introduced in the present appeal to the people the knell of free trade Would have been sounded. ' THE administration of India is one, of' the great evidences , of . Imperial statesmanship. Although' there are riuiny, present illustrations of political .discontent among the ambitious. and dissatisfied Bcn- "gali, there is no gainsaying " the "fact that the material- prosperity1 -of; the people has been wbrtder'fully,- advanced under; the --Bri tish rule. An official1 paper has -beenr-is- sued- . showing 1 som. of - the results attained during, the .past half -century.. As regards 'finance, duriug. fcho thirty years ending -1907-8, there have been,.21 years of.surpty and nine. of. deficit, yielding in the aggro? gate a net surplus of , £24,000,0.00. . The public debt /of lydia is, only. 38% millions; and the monetary.credit. of India compares favorably with. that.; of many European States. - There; are in,-. India 30,983 rnifes of open railway, which carried during the year 330 million passengers and over; 64 mil lion tons of goods, The.: -gross earnings during 1908 were thirty . mllUo.Vpounds, and it has been estimated that benefit to an amount corresponding to a hundred mil lions a year is done by reason of the cheap ness, exclusive of the saving of time. A vast improvement has takeri place in gaols during the half-century. Relative to the population of the, country, there has been a decrease in the, total number of prisoners confined in Indian gaols, the daily average number being 07,000 /during the last four years as compared with 121;000 in . 1878, after the great famine of Southern India. Against famine the county is more: fitted to contend than it was fifty years ago; By; timely arrangements and the liberal expen diture of public money, a drought can now be combated without disturbance of oiS dinary public business, and with a great measure of success! The Court of Direc tors claimed in ,1853 that Jrieir government of India had been1 "not only one of the pur est in intention, but one of the most bene volent in act, ever known among mankind; that . . , it had been one- of the most rapidly improving Governments of the world.". This assertion- can be: even more strongly maintained in relation to the years of government under tlieCrown. Progress hais been more, rapid .in. India , than during any previous period of the same length. The benefit of the people of India has been always the mainspring of action, and the general verdict has been recorded that,, de spite mistakes and ' shortcomings, such as are inseparable from .human effort, the ad ministration of . India by the Crown has been an earnest rind 'fairly successful at tempt to solve political, social and material problems of much difficulty and complex ity. _ 1 . ' " " '.I 