IMMIGRATION AND IRRISH FARM LABOUR. To the Editor. Sir,-I have watched with some interest the Government efforts in- obtaining Immi. grants suitable for the needs of our larmers. We all know that if su;table labour cou;d have been obtained we would have had thourands of acres more under wheat this year than we have. I have been puzzled to know the reason why the country whsth is the most purely agricultural country m Europe and which forms one-third of Great Britain is left severely alone. We harve Mr. Hantord and his assistants looking for agricultural labour ama;ut toe great manu. facturing c;ntres of England. We hr .e had Mr. Wallaceo elson lecturing in icftland .i more hopeful field). We have had Sir New ton Moore lecturing in Scotlanu. We have had Sir George Retid kectu,.ng in Scotland, and latest anvices iay that bir George is resting in Scotland before undertaking a trip to the Continent in search of unmi grants. Now I don't want to say one word against this. There is no bettor field than Scot land and no better settler than the .cottish settler, nor, for the rmatter of that, no better tarmer than the Engislh iarmin. when you can catch one. But have our Govern ment or the Federal Government ever heard of Ireland? I can assure them that there in such a place. Hare they ever heard that the English harvest is largely garnered every year by farm labourers brought over from Ireland? Dairy farmers are so valu. able to Australia that when a few Danish farmers came to New South Wales some time ago the Federal Minister invited them to dinner. Yet is Dcn:rark any more suc cessful as a dairying country than Ireland? or are their dairy farmners more skilful? Horse-breeding is another valuable induEtry here. Far more money is going out of the State every week for horses than for cattle or sheep. And again I can ask, Is there any more skilful or successful hore-breeder in the world than the Irish horse-farmerP I know it will be urged that Ireland does not want to lose her farmers. Neither does Scotland, nor England, nor Denmark, nor Victoria; still we run an agency at the latter place. There is an overgow of over 40,000 every year from Ireland, the ideal type of young men and young women this State wants, and if this Government or the Federal Go vernment are sincere in their efforts to settle our land they should turn their attention to them first and to the foreigner and the Dago afterwards.-Yours, etc., W.A. SL"7TLER Northam, August 16. 