, Australia, like .other democratic agricul tural countries, can learn a very profitable lesson from Denmark, whose people fur nish a very striking exception to the rule that population is abandoning the farm r.nd flocking to the city. This tendency is as conspicuous in Australia as anywhere, for, notwithstanding the abundance of our land, half of our population congregates in die cities. In Germany the whole of the natural increase of population drifts to the towns. The primary, reason for this remarkable ccJnomie movement is the enormously increasing cHieieney of the indi vidual farmer, thanks to the assistance wliich he has received from the inventor and. the agricultural chemist and biologist. The interesting thing about Denmark is this, that . instead of allowing itself to be diverted from farming -by this world-' wido" movement,' it has boldly specialised more, intently than ever in farming, and has niade its profit by preparing concen trated nutritious forms of food for the people, that arc crowding into the cities of Britain and- Germany; The nation that can thus Originally follow a course of its owti' to'ia successful issue is interesting ike \ h'TLII: '£' — - " iuu uitui. ivnu van uu vvoue tne pro- ( By "The Lender" Agricultural Reporter.) . . ' :v Commcut-S-, Tlw .I.nTO of Fencing. . of agriculture is sq, leering other TOtS'.Wina. Howc ln«,»trr. hv S. s. People out of"farming, the Dane; on the i?-. facing his way in. : Close to Brewicw Aaaocjation. Notable Rale of Trot- the best markets o'f the world lie is doin t«r». Illawarni Pithy Brrwl. BrciinB from „ , .. . u ® Fillies. Goat Breed hi jr. ' Breedinp Notes..- what it rihotlKi be one of the Austiahan'tf Ailments of Slock: Professional Advice. ' . ; t .. , Dairy:- Dairy Bulidings; <ow ' House, Fhqiaratnr clliet aims CO. do at ii distance. (Moreover. Room and Piggeries (illiwlratcd). The Stov- . . , - , inu" Procws. Caif Rearing Foods. ' , the developments in Denmark are along Fnnn lll\istnitions: Sheep Fcwiing Box. Forward , . Acting Cow Bail, clearing by Exjdosives. Home sound democratic, lines, 60 that it. should District0 Le?fers?,i.r\ aWc> .... he easy and congenial for Australia to pro- ?3?,lt;cli:rllct fit' by the Daiilsli example/where. possible; \- "l 'the'Vmarehpf eyenks in -Denmark ' ' (By "The Leader"' AgricuTtiiMl Reporter.) ' ' duMDg recent4 years has .'been as follows:—' " / The declining profits of European agricui- OROHA'RD, \ INE\ A-RD & GARDEN: turo'.were driving tho people to emigrate to the cli&p; lands overseas Yet the Patri- (By "The Leader" Horticultural Reivorter.) otic Dane was Jotn to. abandon his unpros- Hnrtkuituini Note. .. , perous fatherland and 'become an Atneri- Sixtjvono Ytara Old. Royr.l Horticultural Society. ... This Season's Lemon Crop. can wheat grower. He Ibid enough resource Motor Spray Pump (ilhiiunitcd). , . . Origin or tlio Navel Oi-nmre. and enterprise to try another departure. New "South Wales Orchards. t,r, _ , , .. . , . , ,, ' FUUIT QROWERH and CO OPERATION, J net take to market gardening for the ,i -\\.j ' \ SUCCESS at' BENpIGO, , huge British cities? Ireland was doing that : ,. . - ' in a way, but' not well. The Danes' set out . " ""DOG-S AND . I'OULTR Y. . - to do it thoroughly well. T.wentMive yeans . B> irct"pl'r' > : ago they sent a commission to Ireland to " SPORTS AND PASTIMES: ( ' inn-uire into the 'methods there adopted for Turf— . ! ' '' "... raising butter, eggs, and bacon for the Brit- Turf 'Tonics, by Poseidon. ' ' . , , , Femicr «ud- Salt,- by Javelin.: ' ish market. Then be-gan the rapid trans- fn" .T-s?nto Iirnl English Itapins. " ' v formation of Den-mark into a combined N%d'.,om !hC Trat'te !ll.p,ca"ni!ton and dairy and market garden. The matter was Aii-nreis -jolwinacSa! carried out on practical scientific lines, KoJ&T-OooSrV; Follower, . so Ow Denmark soon took a load in Euro- S'SntlSiwTr'siwtog. Cohan. rean dairy products, and could place in the BTllffi-iiSta1? LindruSmTlie" Amateur Cham. British market almost the whole of the ConiiSiaMfi..- br Wrtsmm, . o si'irplus availahlp for export. Thlf'Gwl-liifl'ey Shooting. -l Cordite; Trap Shoot- The Dane has been doing exactly what Boxing, Yacbthnc; Baseball. ... (he Briton would -lave been compelled to ... - — - . ; do if he had had no colonics. Under strong PRICE,, THHBEPEN'CE. . . economic compulsion the large estates in — — Britain would have been subdivided, the hereditary House of Lords vanishing in the process, and tho people who have emigrated to all quarters of the globe would have bepn carrying opt close settlement and intense cullivation-on 'Danish lines through? out Britain and Ireland.: ; But. owing to the .return of wealthy Britons to England from dvery part of the Empire, and to the use. of their monhy and influence in bolstering up the artificial aristocratic sys tem, the rational trend of British agricul ture' has not only been checked, but. re versed. It may be said that: democratic expansion of "the British stock in America and' Australia has had the effect of pro ducing a certain amount of aristocratic contraction in the old country. Tlie recent history of Denmark is almost a proof ol this proposition. The Danes -who have stayed at home have caused the country to be subdivided into a large number of small farms. Half of these average only 4 acres in extent. Even the larger farms average on)-, about 80 acres, tlie grand average for all the farms being about 40 acres. The land is not . naturally good, nor is- the climate, on account of the long winters through which the dairy stock must he housed and hand ' fed. It is plain that the Dane has held his own in the fatherland by intelligence and character. He has specialised in the application of technical skill to 1 the small farm. His democratic ideas have led him to get the land made available. By means of credit societies and State loans to farmers com paratively poor peasants. have been enabled to buy farms of 10 acres at £30 per acre by depositing tlie price of one acre and pay ing off Abe balance gradua!lj'. -In Denmark nine out of every ten farmers own the pro perty that- they work. ... ' - - ; . . The best- proof that , the -Dane owes his success to democratic. intelligence, and char acter is. furnished by the flourishing con dition of co-operation in Denmark. Prac- tically all. the sihall fanners get their butter manufactured and exported by co- bpcrativc factories. The practical ramifica tions of co-ope rativc principle run through the whole national life, the vcrv savings banks being managed by the people for themselves. Of course the system of the small farm greatly facilitates the extension of voluntary co-operation, -because it brings the people close to one another. In Aus tralia the huge size of the average farm keeps the people apart and makes co-opera tion possible only in relation to matters of the first importance. The chief lesson 'that wc can learn from the Danes, as we on towards closer and closer settle ment with more and more intense cultiva tion, is that of giving, our young farmers the right -technical training for Australian conditions. The ordinary small Danish farmer has made his mark, as a specialist, and he is training his sons and duughters to be still more expert. In Australia we have concerned ourselves so much with tho city trades that we. arc apt to forget the extent to which the producing interests regulate the prosperity of the whole com munity. Ever- improvement in the pro ductivity of the soil helps up the effective wages of all labor. The flourishing of the small fanner is one of the whoiesomest- signs for labor. A good wage is needed to tempt the sinall fariner from his prosperous, independent life. There is a tendency in Australian ' labor circles to believe that -wages can be forced up and up simply by legislative enactment. The more thought ful niills arc beginning to perceive that if tin raising of wages' is fairly made all round in. this way, it largely defeats its own end by. raising proportionately the cost of everything that labor consumes. On the other hand, 'increased productivity, even when it .veins to lower wages, may actually increase the- effective purchasing power of the lowered wage so much that it becomes practically a higher wage. Donmark is a luminous example of what may' be accom plished by increased productivity intelli gently directed with reference to democra tic well being. In Australia we need to arouse more interest in tlie conscious guid ing of our democratic energies into channels where trained intelligence -will tell. , The condition of agricultural education in our midst is still a'l-eproaeli to, us. In the last report of tho Minister of ,1'ublic Instruc tion it is stated by the inspector of schools in the (Benalla district that at the new IVangaratta Agricultural High School all that is -wanted is scbolarsj and yet more scholars; while the inspector in the Warr- namboor district , complains that parents remove their children from the Shite school as. soon as the law allows, and arc difficult to persuade as to the value of" instruction given in a -technical or agricultural school. Tins is the weak spot in Australian country life. It does not create a natural hunger for higher education consciously directed- to the advancement of democratic ideafs. ' Tlie enormous distribution of electric power from, Niagara through a large area in Canada, now -being provided I'm-, must impress Victorians deeply with a sense of our local lack of enterprise in ebetriciil developments. Abundance of cheap elec trical power from the Falls will be avail able in Toronto by October, and at St. Thomas, 100 miles west of the Falls, by the end of the year. The -whole ot Ontario is deficient in natural fuel. If it follows up these present schemes, it will he able to take from' Niagara a number of horse powers exceeding the 5,000,000 now main tained by coal from the fields of Great Britain. The possibilities of an enormous industrial expansion . arc now opening out before Ontario. In conjunction with the unlocking of the-outer lands of Canada this will help to draw the stream- of immigra tion strongly -to the shores of America. Not only arc factories to be set -humming over tlie length and breadth of Ontario, hut the province is to' ibe netted with electrical tramways .to facilitate, transport and carry the workers put into rural suburbs. Nor is the producing interest likely -to suffer, for consumers will be brought to its very door, and- electric ' power will .'be available on every farm for ploughing and pumping and the other operations of agriculture. The municipalities which are co-operating in the enterprise will purchase the power from engineering companies at the Falls. They have been advised 'by the commission which investigated the scheme not to under take the tsupply of electric power and light | themselves, but to sell Their electric jiower | to private companies for distribution. The charges to be made by the municipalities for their electric power arc sucli as will provide a heavy sinking fund to cover all risks and depreciation. Tlio successful initiation of this great undertaking ought to stir Victoria out of its lethargy over the immense stores of power locked up in our fields of brown coal. From the Canadian precedent it is obvious that the Victorian Government ought to appoint a carefully selected commission of financiers and fuel experts to design a scheme for utilising one or more of our chief deposits of brown «sal fn» cimiLv /fovplnmripntK to tllOSC which 'followed the first tapping of Niagara for 30,000 horse power twenty years ago. In the case of water power there is nothing to pay for raw material. It is a simple piece of engineering to calculate the cost of the works required to-takc the power out 'of' the water, aud so to estimate the. cost at which, the power can be delivered. In tho ease of brown coal the immediate issue is not so simple. In some parts of Vic toria the fuel can be cot almost by quarry ing, but in general it has to be mined. It must be thoroughly sampled and assayed tc find out the nature and amounts of its by- products, for these are of vital concern ill the modern successful utilisation of low grade fuels. That is why the possibilities of our ' brown coal must be investigated under tbc guidance of a technical expert in fuels. With' relia.blc data as to the by products and power obtainable from an average ton of brown coal, experts in com merce and finance could estimate the cost of a .horse power per annum at the mine. The electrical engineer would then come iii, as in. the Niagara schemes, with his esti mates as to tile cost at which- power could be 'delivered electrically in Melbourne and at intermediate points right up to the mine. In Melbourne two large public de mands for electric power must immediately make themselves felt irresistibly — tbut on the suburban railways, and that on the tramway lines .when they come to - be worked as genuine public utilities. Our inducements to action are as strong as those which have moved the Province of Ontario to apply to the welfare of man some of the vast flood of power allowed to waste itself in wurining. tho waters of the St. Lawrence: a trifle by their picturesque leap. In the case of our brown coal thuic is little absqlute .wustc of resource in our delay- The -coal is keeping ull .right for 1' posterity. That is the only comfort- about our inactivity. - It. u time, however,- that wc set - on foot the right sort of inquiries concerning the l-cal value to -the country of the supplies of- coiil in sight. IV c seem toTio quite unaware in I icloria of the extent to .which elec trical developments have revolutionised all the problems connected with fuels. We seem to have our ideas fixed like mono maniacs on the stereotyped form of bluck coal. Wo niust- have the shiny black mineral hewn outvin the orthodox lumps and brought right Under our eye's at so much i>er ton before wc can believe in it. If we had the Falls of Niagara lierq wc should seemingly hold them very, cheap, .as so much noisy cold water that only a lunatic could regard as a source of heat for industrial purposes. Our imaginations have not been kindled with a sense of the fine fitness of a modern plunt for the con sumption of a second class fuel, that will not pay for transpprt, at the very pit head, and the distribution (of its power over a radius of 100 miles by means of copper rods carrying alternating currents at 100,000 volts. At the same time the one. large plant at the mine catches almost cvory scrap of- the products of combustion, sepa rating the useful manures and tars, and arresting all contamination from the air. If wc use our opportunities properly, Ave can make Melbourne a smokeless city. If we run the railways and tramways by electric power from brown coal, wc shall certainly light Melbourne and hundreds of country towns by electric light from the same source. Is it possible that vested interests are a potent cause of some subtle, .hidden resist ance thut keeps our public bodies from moving to get matters cleared up in con nection with tho huge vague possibilities of our phenomenal deposits of brown coal? Even if it i« «n. t.lif» f>nmtminil.v .is n ivlinln js too sleepy in the way that it accepts dear gas and slow suburban railway ser vice as unalterable conditions of existence. If there is underground resistance-, it should only stimulate us to press on. for full. and free inquiry above board. When wo con sider that one of the Canadian Provinces is tapping a source of power larger than that which actuates all the industries cf Great Britain, wc must surely realise that the time has gone past for trifling, as wo have done, with a large national oppor tunity. To meet our case a companion fable will have, to be- written to that of the man who killed the goose which laid the golden eggs, namely, one telling of the man who owned one of these valuable birds, but refused to collect its produce because not brought forth in tho shape of the minted sovereign to which he felt mono- maniacally disposed. 