From the Other Side of the World. SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, June 20. The inhabitants of Heligoland (an island near the mouth of the River Elbe, which was ceded by Great Britain to Ger-<*> many in 1890) will from July 1 next be subjected to the same obligations as Ger mans with regard to service in the army and the payment of taxes. In the case in which two members of s London firm were charged with selling inferior butter packed in New South Wales butter boxes, one has pleaded guilty, and was fined £5 and costs. The other case was adjourned. The keel of New Zealand's warship of the Indefatigable class was laid on Mon day, and tilt keel of the similar vessel for Australia will be laid to-morrow. General Sir lan Hamilton has been ap pointed to the position lately declined by Lord Kitchener of Commander-in-Chief in the Mediterranean and Inspector-General of the Overseas Forces. ■King George has consented to become patron of the Boy Scouts. A sum of £1000 has been subscribed to the fund; for the erection in London of a memorial to Captain Cook. Eleven persons were drowned through a collision at liolyhead between the steamers rYewa and La Roehelle. Mr. Bertram Mackennal, the Australian sculptor, has been commissioned to de sign and model the Coronation medal and the coinage for the new reign. At the naval and military tournament, which has been opened at Olympia (Lon don) the great spectacular feature was "Britannia's Muster." in which South Africans, Australians, New Zealanders, and Canadians took part. General Boilia, speaking at Pietermar itzburg, reiterated that it was his inten tion to do his utmost to kill racialism. Er- Presirient Roo-evelt's eldest son hag been married at New York to Mi>a Eleanor B. Alexander. The boxing contest twhidh had been arranged at San Francisco between Lang ford and Kauffraan has been cancelled. Proceedings have been taken to debar five meat packing companies from doing business in the State of Missouri. They are all charged with conspiracy to con trol the meat packing business in Missouri. The American House of Representatives has rctsolve.l that the President shouM appo'nt a commission of five distinguished Americans to confer with, foreign Govern ments on the wibje.ct of world-wide peace. Arnst who is to raw Harry on the Zambesi River for the world's sculling ■ championship, has arrived at Capetown, and wad to start for the Zambesi yestcr flk A German dirigible balloon left Ger- Wmany, circled over Brussels, and returned to Germany. The newspapers state that the aviator Robl (who has educe been killed through an accident to his machine at Stettin) recently aeroplaned from Muhlhausen (Saxony) at night time, visited a military bivouac 35 miles off, and dropped five bombs in and around the encampment. LONDON, June 21. Oppressive heat it being experienced in London, a temperature of 81deg. in the shade being registered yesterday. This ia the highest recorded since August 8, 1909. The Emperor William of Germany, who baa been lately Buffering from a suppura tion of the kne.e, is now convalescent, and will attend the Kiel regatta on Thursday next. Mr. Asquith, replying to rival suffragette deputations, said that owing to conflicting opinions the Government, was unlikely to propose a Women's' Suffrage Bill, and a Bill introduced by a private member would be more Budtable. The Women's Freedom League has organised a Women's Athletic Society, to provide jiu jitsu experts to eject rowdies from suffragette meetings. The death is announced of the Rev. Dr. Grattan Guinness. A heat wave has caused 10 deaths in Philadelphia, four in New York, and three in Boston. Two motor diligences returning from a fete in Portugal collided, and five per sons were killed and seven seriously burned by the explosion of a gasolene lank. All the bodies have now been recovered from the sunken French submarine Plu viose. An intended revolutionary outbreak in. Mexico ban Ir-en <iis:overed and pre vented, the leaders1 being deported. A necro who murdered a white woman in Texas was toi-tured till he confessedj and then burned to death. It is announced as absolutely certain that the contest between Jeffries and Johnson will take place at Reno, in Nevada, on the afternoon of July 4. If Johnson wins it is feared there will he 'bloodshed-, as race feeling is very Btrong, and there is no pon?2Mlity of con trolling the mob if rioting beg-in 6. A pathetic stoi? of devotion was told at an inquest nt tEruficl-}, England, on the body of Marie (Leroy, a Frenchwoman, wlio had hitherto been supposed to be a man nauieq Harry Floyd. She assumed male attire in 1884 in order to defend the reputation of a female friend, assumed the paternity of the friend's cliild, find continued to protect the latter after ita mother's 'death, ceraing her living as a teacher "of languages. Several Senators having com menced obstructing 'the Post Office Savings Bank Bill in the United States Senate, President Taft sum moned them to meet him, and inti mated that the Bill represented the Republican pledge, and must be passed, and Congress would be kept in session all summer if necessary. LONDON, June 22. Three thousand Basuto natives as« eembled at Masern, the chief settlement of Bapu'oland, and adopted a message of condolence to Great Britain on the death of King Edward, and further stat ing that they attribute their prosperity to his late Majesty. Prince Edward, Duke of Cornwall, tas ibeen created Prince of Wales. Kin? George has knighted Sir John Tavemer, Victorinn Agent-General. The Australian rifle team were warmly welcomed 'by the King at Mailborotyh House, and were mudh impressed by his unaffected kindness and obvious inttrc t in Austral'a. 6ir George .Reid laid the corner *ione of the Dr. Barnardo Hospital at Ley ton • stone, towards the erection of which Aus tralia subscribed £17,000. The Hon. H. Mackenzie, and IMr. Elwood Mead, the Victorian immigration, delega tion, have arrived at Home on their way to London, and had interview* with the Italian Premier and1 Minister for Fore:gn Affaire. Queen Alexandra's new flag, which is a combination of the British aiid Danish .standards, has been hoisted at Bucking ham Pulace. One thousand dock workers at Avon ihouth have gone out on strike in g/m -ipathy with the dock strike at Newport, and similarly the warehousemen and prainmen have struck. M. FaTHercs, the French President, and other officials attended the (lnjrial of uhe bodies of those who lost their live* through the sinking of the submarine Pluviose. and the British navy gent a v/reatih. The new German air-hi-p Zeppelin VIT. made its maiden flight with passenger?, and covered 300 miles in 9*4 hours. Mr. Sydney Buxton, President of the Board of Trade, has appointed a com mittee to inquire as to the extent of colour blindness and other forms of defective vision among seafaring men, and whether any alterations are desirable in the t-ight te.rts now adopted by the Board of Trad*. The "Standard of the Eorjire" .jtatea that the Canadian Naval Department is conferring with the Admiralty with regard to plans for th« construction of ten war shiofl. LONDON. June 23. The keel of the Australian battle?bip crniser has been laid. Lady Reid driving the first rivet, and Sir George Reid the second. AmoJig the Birthday honours just an nounced, Major T. B. Robinwun, Queens land Agent-General, receives a knight hood. Mr. 'Moore, Premier of Western Australia, and Mr. Hall-Jones, New Zea land High Commissioner, each receive a KC.M.G. Mr. Asctuith stated in the House of Commons that an opportunity would be (riven for the distu?sion. t>f the women's suffrage question during the present sess ion. A rumour i« current that 'Lord Kitch ener will aucceed General Nirfholson as Chief of the Imperial General Staff. Lady Chermside, wife of a former Got ernor «f Queensland, has died in Switzer land. The Birtfhday honour list is a long one, and includes a number of peerages. Mr. Sydney ?uxron, Postmaster-Gen eral, an introducing the Post Otfice Esti mates in the House of Commons, said he hoped aeon to see a ring of wireless tcie grnph stations around Great Britain. Mr. HemnikerJlieaton, tihe well-known postal reformer and M.P. for Canterbury for 25 years, announced in the House of' Commons that that was the last time be would sneak in Parliament. A vigorous campaign has commenced in Spain against the* concessions recently granted by the Spanish Government to Protestants. Charlton Porter, husband of the woman whose body was found in a box in .Lak« Como, has been arrested in New York, end confessed to tihe murder. At Rostoff, in Russia, 790 fresh cases of cholera and 219 deaths were reported on Tuesday. President Taft has intimated that Mr. Roosevelt will be appointed president oi the proposed Worldwide Peace Commis sion. Jeffries is reported to have spraiued his thumb, and will have to rest it for o week. The four protecting Powers have ec cepted in principle the .proposal for a military reoccupation of Crete. Thirteen inches of rain fell at Bom bay in a few hours, causing great floods. The ships for the Canadian navy are to -be built in Canada only, but both Canadian and British firms will be allowed to tender. The fortune of the late Professor Gol4 win Smith, estimated at £200,000, has been (bequeathed to Cornell University. A private BUI introduced into the French Senate propose* to dismiss from the State service all Civil Servants who are unmarried after reaching the age ot 25\. Other proposals in -the Bill are child birth bounties, increased pensions for each child over three, and extra military service for all unmarri^a men over the age of 29. Mr. Theodore Roosevelt has now com menced his daily work as editor of tho "Outlook" in New Yonc. King George has expressed his approval that the proposed ludian Memorial to the late King Edward should be an equestrian statue, to be erected at Delhi. (LONDON, Joine 25. Further news regarding the death of Lady Chermside states that the event was quite unexpected. The fourth day of the beat wave in America was marked by -excessive humid ity. Thirty-one deaths have been re ported. The* outbreak of cholera in llueaia is attributed to the state of the water in the Don River. Three hundred fresh casc3 are reported. The open golf championship was won in Great Britain by Braid. Johnson and Jeffries have arrived at Reno, wliere Jeffries is training assiduous ly, nnd is declared by exports to be in perfect contrition. The rights of the mov ing pictures have been sold by each of the principals for 50,000 dollars, and the mana ger has sold his for 25,000 dollars. Graf, Beanduls are reported in connec tion with the Government Printing Bureau at Otcuwa. Three officials and four em ployees havo been suspended or dismissed. The aeroplane Zeppelin VII. has inaugu rated "X passenger service between Dutwel dorf und Dortmund, in Germuuy. Two trir-4 were successfully made, 32 and 20 passengers respectively beirig carticd. The discovery of a vast gold reef in British Columbia is reported by the en gineers of the Grand Trunk Pacific Rail way. The employees of the Grand Trunk Railway rejected the award of the Arbitra tion Board, and refused to accept a lower scale of wages than that paid by other American railway companies. They threatened that unletw the demand* were conceded a strike would be declared at 10 o'clock yesterday. Jules Gaumier, with his arms and" feet securely tied, swam down the Thames from Putney Bridge to Mortlake, a dis tance of 4% miles. The Committee of the United. States Senate, appointed to make investigations, reports that the United States tariff is not a material factor in the advanced prices of food. The absolute removal of the tariff iwouM not afford relief. The Committee attributes the increase on the prices of food to the shifting of the population from food-producing to food* consuming occupations. LONDON, June 26. Queen Alexandra, at Buckingham Palace, presented Captain Scott with a flag to plant at the furthest point south reached by his Antarctic expedition. A boat, with a Sunday school excursion party, capsized at Turnberry, in Ayrshire, and five were drowned. A printer's cashier, returning from a London bank at noon on Saturday, was chloroformed from behind on the stair case, and robbed of a bag containing £50. The Maritime League htm forwarded to Mr. Asquith a memorial signed by 150 dis tinguished soldiers and sailors, appealing to the Government to sanction a loan of >21) £100,000,000, in order to insure the national safety. There are 200 Press correspondents at Reno, in Nevada, recording the final pre parations for the Johnson-Jeffries contest. A bomb was thrown in a theatre at Buenos Ayres during a performance, and several persons were injured. The Italian Chamber of Deputies has voted £400,000 for dirigible balloons and aeroplanes. ' An earthquake in Algeria destroyed several houses, and 14 natives (were killed. lieutenant Hxrfrichter, the Austrian officer who sent poison through the post to officers of the general staff with a view to making way for his own promotion, has been sentenced to rigorous imprison ment for twenty years, it being admitted ifliat ibis mind wad pamaw'hat diseased. A prolonged 'beat wave in Southern Russia has withered the crops, meadows, and orchards. Fifty-eight Carolina cotton mills have agreed to entirely cease production for four weeks in July and August. A steamer on the Mietmaippi River caught fixe and was burned to the waters edge, but 500 passengers (were saved through the captain putting on full steam and Ibeaching the vessel. Ten thousand Paris trade unionists ct tended the funeral of a cabinetmaker who (had 'been killed in a brawl betweeni etrikers and the police, and a conflict/ took place (between the police and the. crowd, many on each side being injured. ' 