SKETCHER. THROUGH RUSSIAN SPECTACLES.-III. In his last letter, our Russian emigrant reverts to the admirable manner in which the Immigration Depot alt Kangaroo Point is conducted and managed. The policemen, overseen, and1 watch men, who would be swarming in a similar Jttussian institution, are here replaced, he Nya, by printed cards, hung on the walla, ia which arc explained the rules of the institution and tine duties of the inmates. Xhe latter need hardly ever to be re minded of them, as one and all try not to infringe them nor give any troubte. Here it fa not the administration which has to look after the observance of cleanliness, quietness, tbc., as tho inmates cbo it them selvea. One can here quietly read, write, or sleep, without being in any way dis turbed by loud conversation or other noises. The onftv officials are one euperiu tendant and a conk. " On arrival at tihe dfcpot, one is shown the room and bed one is to occupy with out any questions or inquiries •Jbout one's papers, passports, or ante cedsnts, /Dhe coming of the superintendency for his daily visit of inspection, is always eagerly awaited by the inmates, at he usually brings with ham, to those in search of employment, the information re ceived through the Labour Bureau from employers of labour who may foe in need of hauls; for it must be reracmlbered that there is in Brisbane a Central State registry, or, as at is called, a Labour Bureau, with branches and ramifications ail over the State, through which both employers and employees ore brought to gi&ner; for their mutual convenience and advantage. The new arrival from a country like, ■oy, Russia, is at onco surprised and favourably impressed by tlhe care with much tho Government look after bobh the immigrants into the country and the unemployed, there being an evident desire to utilise their services instead of allow ing them to go to waste, and be lost to the community. When tihere is work inland, in the West or in the North, the Government grants to those in search of free second class railway tickets (there being here no third class, aa on tlhe European raitaray linos). (No less surprised were our Rus sian friends to see so few police men about the streets, there being only a few to be seen here and tihere, mostly at the intersection otf the main streets ?ftbe city, where they are entrusts •with the supervision and regulation of the traffic. It was now* to the visitors to find that both women and children could walk through the streets at any hour, day or night, without being molested or exposed to any danger -whatever. Not leas strange was the fact that watchees, jewellery and other costly wares were left over night in shop windows, protected only by the thickness of a glass pane 1 They thought that such a security could be obtaned only through lorec sums of money being spent on the tupkeep of an imposing police foive, of numerous prisons and reformatorie*. But the superinten dent of the depot and others disabused thorn by informing them that Queensland and the other States of the Australian Obramonwcaltih, spend most of tfceir money on primary and secondary schools, on tho construction of railway lines, and roads, on the clearing or forest lands, and Bther useful punpoees. *' Our akn," they ■aid, "is to renr useful citizens and to nnd for them useful employment. That ■wise policy aEows vm to spend compara trreHy littl* on a police force, and on our prisons." tTo their surprise the visitoro noticed that tihe {people were in no rway tfae worse from sudh a policy, ' for such w here the respect of the law and so law abiding ore the citizens, that people never keep here, house night watchmen, as we have to do in Russia, and go to bed for tihe night with both doom and windows wide open." "In the meantime, the Queensland Btafte Minister had been as good as his word. He bad evidently written to an yap-country friend who had in reedy ex pressed his willingness to do what, he oould for his two Russian proteges." •Hem a letter (No. 9) is mining from Ufe series, but from the following letter we twniise that the two emigrants had ■one by train to Boonah, whore they found a guide with a two horse conveyance Waiting for them at itlhe railway station. On the way from Boonah to the hoid- Ing of Mr. W., they were in vain looking for the extended cereal fitSds, .which wvr e in their minds inseparable from the notion of a rural exploitation. All they could see ton fooua sides of the road .was some winter-withered grass growing among the skeletons of ringbartced trees. Their guide, " Charley," explained to them that these nrere mere pasture lands, which would remain thus until dose settlement would require them to turn thorn into cultivation, or put tihem under artificial grasses. They soon, however, got sight of Mr. ,W.« property, which ia all enclosed in elegant wire fencing, and extends along a fertile valley, well -watered by creek* and lagoons. In the paddocks were graa> ing largo berds of cattle. In fact, they, wore told that Mr. W. possessed: aibout 15,000 head of cattle., of -which about 3000 were drafted, and n>ld annually. On tne way, they saw many cosy country resi dences, which tihey thought nrust be the owners' residence, but <vrere told that these were only cottages ifor the use of his employees. At last they sow on tine top of a gentle hill the real master's re sidence, surrounded iby many dependencies and out-houses, and even by a Iruit and vegetable gtirden. Here they met a young man of pleasant appearance, from wham they inquired after Mr. W. His answer they could not understand. He politely led them on the terrace of the house, and . . . disappeared. After a faw min utes, however., he came back and explained to them that lie was the very man to whom they had been recommended by the (Minister. They wanted (bo explain to, him the object of their visit, but he would not hear them until they had first a pood dinner, which is minutely described in the Russian newspaper. The visitors were greatly surprised to find their host and one of his neighbours, who was ftfco partaking of the dinner, bo well informed about ltussian affairs, and Russian litera ture. They ihad read the (principal works of Tolstoi and Gorki, whom they greatly appreciated. One of them had even per sonally met Gorki during a journey through Italy. The dinner over Mr. W. took his guests over his ibomestead,.- showing them his stables, cattle yards, bis steam water-lift ing and irrigating plant, his garden, fields, oral meadows. While doing so, he would draw tfheir attention to same of the most interesting parts, such as hay-pressing, the loading of timber logs, etc. The visitors did not think much of the stamp of cattle and (horses shown them. Cereals and fruit growing did not appear as if they received much attention and were, although said to be renting fully 20,000 acres from the Government. Mr. YV. had only a very small area indeed under cultivation, all the Test of Hub land being under pasture for hit cattle. " He does with very few hands, relative* ly speaking. His employees look happy and contented. They live in comfortable cottages, there being sometimes two or three bachelors living together in a house, •wMle married men have little (houses all to themselves and their families. In tihose workers' cottages the cleanliness' is exem plary and would be envied by our so neglected Ruflsian workmen. In every house there are iron bedsteads, clean bed ding, waefostands, window blinds and our* tains. The relations between men* and master seem free from any servility of haughtiness, being apparently founded on mutual esteem and confidence. "While showing us aver bis property, Mr. W. would ask us/ says the Russian writer, " whetiher we oouldUkive a steam engine, or plough, work a mower, or a harvester. Could we kill a bullock and salt meat ? Would we be able to hoist one of these Uuge logs over a bullock waggon ? And so on. Passing near the workshop, he asked us (whether we knew any manual trade, such as blacksmithing, carpentering, or joinery." We had of court c to give negative answers to his queries, which immensely amused Mr. W., while wo ourselves felt smaller and smaller at every answer, ok we felt tiiat our chances of getting employment here were getting more and more hooelesa. "Mr. W. felt particularly amused at cur amazement at seeing how huge logs were being rolled up on to waggons. Two men did such work in our presence, roll ing three huge logs on platform waggons, wlhich were in size, in no way inferior to railway trucks. I could not give you the eize of those logs, wlhich appeared to us enoraoous. Suffice it to say tihat it took 14 pairs of bullocks to shift the loaded waggon. The loading i? effected by bul locks or Stones pulling on a cjhain, which causes the logs to roll up an incline from the ground up to the waggon platform. And to do that herculean work and man age 28 bullocks, only two men are re quired ! " After our return to the house, Mr. W. gave us clearly to understand, that we were unsuitable to undertake any of the worfas going on on his station. Track*, we knew none; shepherds, he did not need, as all his paddocks were secured witih SoTid wire fences; nor did he want watchmen, as there are htxe neither pre* datory wild beast* nor thieves. He nod no doubt, <we might 'have (been able to do some pick and shovel work., but just then, there was no such (work going on. He couM not employ us as drivers, as we could not manage, as do Australians, a team of horses or bullocks without reins, and only by means of a huge 20ft. long whip. Thus, in spite of his desire to comply with the Minister's recommenda tion, he could not see his way clear to give us any employment wltatevei-. On the other hand, he said that he sym pathised with us in our position, and would willingly accommodate us for -a week or two, as guests or, as he Enid, as Russian tourists, so as to give us on opportunity of studying every part of his operations." Bat the two Russians could not ace their way clear to accept the kind offer of their Queensland host, hs they were most anxious to find something to do for a living. While driving them <l?ck to the (rain, Mr. W. tried to recommend tihem to Mr. D., a Danish dairyman, but on learning that they could not milk, the dairyman Boid that he could not give then any etn plovment. Thus the two rmmigranta cvne back to Brisbane, bringing with them Bante dispelled illusions ana a letter to the Minuter in whidh Mr. W. probably explained why be couffld not give employ ment to the new arrivals. , {To be continued). 