Discouraging Emigration. (' Daily Mercury.') Disparaging statements about Australia as a field for emigration have appeared in newspapers of Sweden and Denmark at the instance of re ports received from tiie Sydney Consuls of those Evropean countries. Neither of these countries is desirous of losing agricultural labourers, 'and these Australia is exceedingly desirous of obtain ing 111 increasingly large numbers for the occu pation and development of our huge unoccupied or thinly populated areas. The consuls may be expected in duty to their country to assist in preventing an exodus from their country of classes ot labour tnqt can 111 ue spaieu, -mi. Australians have good reason to protest against the means adopted by Count Morner, Consul for Sweden, when he sends a violently partisan political speech by Mr. Holmaii against tlie im migration policy of the Government as though it were a fair and impartial statement of actual , conditions. We know very well from our exper ience of the Labour party's method of conduct ing tho campaign against assisted immigration that if five per cent, of a company of immigrants were highly discontented with their new condi tions, and the other 95 per cent, .well pleased, and many delighted with their new surroundings and opportunities, ? we should hear much from Labour people about tho five per cent., nnd nothing at all about the others, and Count Mor ner has been long enough in this country to kEOw what value by ; way of full and impartial statement of facts to attach to such a newspaper cutting as that which he sent home as a 'bogey' to intending emigrants. The incident illus trates how unpatriotic is this part of the Labour party's method of endeavouring to compass its political ends. Agricultural labourers from Swe den and Denmark, who make excellent pioneers of agricultural settlement are constantly leav ing home for the wider areas and larger opportunities offered by new coun tries, and tho only effect of such antiAus tralian speeches as that of Mr. Holman which Count Morner has issued for his purpose is to direct the emigration to other parts. Happily such persons, who may well become happy and prosperous Australians, have otlier_ means of finding out what Australia may have in store for them than Holman-Morner reports that spcak of thorns without mentioning the roses. Numbers of Scandinavians and Danes, who have made excellent colonists, have found their way here, anil have done well for themselves and for their country, aud tliey, we may be sure, have taken [ good care to write of things and prospects -A us- ^ tralian as they have found them to relatives aud friends in the old country. So that after all the partisan politician's efforts to benefit his party by disparaging his country may have done less harm than is anticipated. As a set-oil to Count Morner's warning Dr. Arthur reports tliat a Swedish journalist is at tlie present time system- | atically touring Australia in search of first-hand i information, and that he intends writing a series of eulogistic articles about Australia for the Swe dish press, because in his travels round the world he says he has found 110 country which affords such splendid opportunities for the immigrant. We have no desire to see immigrants attracted to Australia by deceptive information, but we believe that there are thousands of able-bodied British, Swedish, and Danish agriculturists who would come hero if thoy knew of tilings as they are, and whose omigration from the .old coun try, with its restricted opportunities, to the new land with its far larger opportunities of success ful settlement on the lnnd would prove of mutual benefit. .. 