EMPLOYMENT IN AUSTRALIA. 'Emigrant' writes: I would lite through the medium of your paper to state & few reels, which, after reading Mr. Wade's letter to ttia British Press. I think are called for. Mr. Wede 'states that no country, in the world offers a better ^eld for the industrious worker, wiio would be willing to go in the country. — Why should he make such a statement when, if ' ha ceres to read he can find out that in Canada, also America, a man can earn, from two end a Jiaif dollars (lfis), to three dollars (12s), a day; and there are times when labor is very scarce that women have gone out in the fields to work at the' same rate 'of wages. I am writing from practical' experience ..not quoting from- bulletins published at the Babor land Emigration Bureaus, nor am I going to try lo give- a fitting or figures that ^cpuidf puzzle a Philadelphia law yer, showing how many persons have arrived and 'uow much money has been expended.' Now can Mr. Wade, who seems to so em phazize the great remunerative wages that are received in this country, or to use his words, 'Double the wages received in older countries,'* show anything that would prove his statement Farmers are paying the -grand remuneration of 15s a week- to men who are expected to know all ttere is to be known about harvesting machinery, and to work them from sunrise' to sunset. For example, a friend of mine who landed in this country in November, an engineer ^br trade, a thoroughly practical man, having 'served his apprenticeship (seven years), with a large engineering firm in Scotland, also hav ing certificates from technical classes for differ ent branches of engineering, walked around Sydney and suburbs looking for work for three, weeks, but failed to get any. He at last thought he would try the farming. After trying to get a situation as a laborer on a rarm, he found he couid not get any -higher wage than 12s 6d per week: Several farmers saying had he been an experienced man they would have given him los a week. (Such generosity as- indeed hard to excej!) Hiring himself to a man up the country, he left Sydney some time during the morning, and arrived at his destination in the evening. The farmer met him with the intimation that, as his horses were tired after their -day's work, 'he would have to walk to the farm, a distanc-j of seven miles. On arriving at the farm he was shown to a but. which was empty, not so much as a chain, being in it. He was told that that , was his room, and it was suggested he should go straight to bed, because he would be called early in the mo'rn ! ing. He was not asked if he had had ! anything since he left. Sydney), he was obliged to go to bed (the blanket which he happened lo have with him spread on the earth floor of the. hut.) Called the nest morning at 4 o'clock, he started work, which consisted of picking up sheaves of wheat, and throwing it on a cart, which is hard work to a man in good «pnditioii. You can judge how this man was ^ after being idle for three months, and, -with 'the -exception of meal times he was kept hard at work until S.30 at night (16 hours a day). Same thing happening the next day, he decided to leave. The farmer was -wild about It, so my j friend bad to- walk back to the station. And . so he arrived in Sydney, with blistering hands j and swollen arms from the sun, minus bis re turn fare, and with the grand remuneration of 5 for 32 hours' hard work. That io one case. Had I the time, and you could spare the s;ace in your paper, I could state a dozen. About 6ix months ago I was walking through the Domain, and I noticed a few people gathered around one -*f tbe benches. \ My curiosity aroused. I -went to see what was the .matter. It was a Danish eirl who iiad arrived in this country three months before. Owing to her not being able to speak good English, no one would employ her. Sbe had exhausted her capital, and she was then at -her wits' end what to do, as she bad no friends in this country. A gentleman offered | to take her to tie Danish Consul; end she went i with -him. If no (help was obtainable from him, what was to become of tbe girl? j Mr. Wede gives a lot of figures, stating them to be an analysis of status of passen gers, showing the gain ct immigrants from England during the year 19C9, over the pre vious year, of 10,000 peoole. If these state ments which I liave made, and T^Jiica are true facts, were sent home to the British Press, I feel positive- his figures would 'be a lot smal ler durins the comma year. Mr. Wade also says there are practically, no unemployed in the State at the present time. I wonder it he really believes it. He would ibe enlight ened and terribly surprised if he irent around some of the registry offices and saw for him self the hundreds of poor unfortunates who are seeking employment. Let him engage one or two In conversation, and - he will find a vast difference in witat lie thinks, and what is, the real truth. That would -only be- taking tie domestics and agriculturists. How many members ot the other branches - of trades and professions that are idle, it would be useless to try and state. A lot of your readers might answer ?this letter by saying why did I not stay in Canada, or why don't I go 'back? I can only say that had I known as much about the state of this -country- with regard to employment then as I do now,' I would not be here; and as soon as I ean save my fare I avail go hack. . fc 