REPRESENTATIVES. GRADING PRODUCE CIVIL SERVICE PENSION SYSTEM J110 Speaker (Mr M'DonuliI, Q.) tool: tlio chair at 10.211 a.m., ami rcart tho l>raycr. Question art to the practicability of posting rainfall record a at tho chief country centres, and on the subject of the uniform railway gauge am rcportc.1 under separate headings. It wus private members' day. and tho discussion was resumed on the motion by Mr Atkinson (T.V that. In the opinion of the House, the Oomtnoiiweulth should forthwith take uwr the Inspection and effective control of produce parsing from Stale to State. Mr Sinclair (Q.) moved a an amend ment. to omit all the words after "House," and insert Jn place thereof the words "A select committee, with a re presentative from each State, should he appointed to Inquire Into the toft means of Inspection and effective control of produce passing from .State to State. (2) That such committee should also In quire as lo the moat unliable means of inspecting, grading, and marking pro duce Intended for export." The hnn. member for Moreton thought that mi inquiry might !»; set going with a vlnw to future action In tho matter of Inspection. There were posts in fruit and crops generally, and that terrible weourge, the tick pe#t, which was going lo make lb-elf felt through the length ami breadth of Australia, The New South Wales Government waa trying to slop tho tick pest at the bonier of Queensland; It might as well try to stop tho Udc with a pitchfork. A thorough Investigation into the pest was war ranted. (Applause.) Thero wore no fewer IJjan six different methods of in spection in tlm Commonwealth. nuTTFJt iL.xi'oirr. Dealing with the report of the Assist ant Comptroller-General of Customs on tlm export of butter, Mr Sinclair said that ho did not reflect at all on Mr Loekyor's abilities, but lie f.Nlr Ijockyer) should have gone lu tho primary source for Information. Jie referred to cer tain points of Ulc report. Denmark would ho admitted to ho tho must suc cessful dairying country lu the world, yet tho butter for export wus never graded there. "They don't let any go out without a stamp," Interjected the Minister for Customs (Mr Tudor). Mr Sfnclnlr replied, "Yes." The object of the Danish authorities, he continued, hud been to Inculcate tin- best methods for manufacture. if any fault were discovered the ordinary trade was nut Interfered with hy inspection. The but ter was Inspected occasionally by ex pert. and If any fault were discovered a man from thu department was sent to thn factory and mado mi inspection, af terwards Indicating to the manufacturer where the fault lay. Thn butter Indus try was onn of those In which excellence brought its own reward. ft wuh an utlor impossibility, Mr Sin clair added, to grudo butter, there was only one man's taste lo go by. Tho man at. the other nnd. was sometimes pre pared to pay a higher price for second grade thun for llrst grade butter. Tho marking of thn grade on boxes gave tho buyer a lever (o bring the prices down. A company exporting butler with grade marks on the boxes received from 1/ lo 6/ a cwt. less than a company which did not uso the markings. Tho llrst com pany lost about £G09 during 12 months, ilo had purchased second grade Queensland butter lu Cluipcl street, P rah ran, at first grade prices. lie be lieved in tho inspection of produeo pass ing from State to Stntn and from tlio Commonwealth to overseas markets. Tlio question was, whore was the In spection to tako place. The .Minister for Customs (Mr Tudor) raid that ho must, oppose thn amend- moat. Ho tfould Jufcvo inqalrioj jnadCj regarding Indirection charges varying In tho different States. The Federal "Go vernment charged no fens at ull. Should tho Government administer tho Com merce Act itself or let the six State.! administer It? He' did not think any producers would he willing to go back to the old system. Tho Government, should endeavor lo perfect Its system under the Gommnrce Act. Dealing with other matters relating to thn industry, Mr Tudor said Unit, as far us' Uio per centage of butter fat wus concerned, that would remain the same as hitherto, 82 per cent. Ilo had no intontloaof In creasing tho imrccntage of moisture. Jt would probably ho reduce, 1 to 15 per cent, lie would also probably leave tho percentage of moisture In superfine but ter nt H per cent. As regarded grade marking, one thing that worried him was the results obtained In New Zea land, where compulsory grade marking obtained morn than In Australia. Tho statistics for four years, recently pub lished, showed that the average price obtained for Australian butter was £5/8/10; the average price realised for New Zealand butter fur the same period was £5/10/3. 'Regarding the output, Sir Tudor Mild he had found that many of the co-oper ative factories would not produce their balance-sheets to show what was being dmin. He did not believe that pastry butter could be sent out without being stamped, nnd If the worst were marked it was not logical to allow other grades lo go free. The debate wa» adjourned and mado an order of tho day for September 13. PUBLIC SF.ItVICF I'KN.SIONS, Mr Dlllott Johnson (N-S.W.) moved— "That this House Is of opinion that, a pension system should bo forthwith Initiated In the Defence nnd Civil ser vices of the Commonwealth. Ho said that many persons In the public ser vice received smalt Increments to their salaries. It wan only nt a late date that their Increments assumed such propor tions as to enable them to lay aside for a rainy day. Some superannuation fund should ho .Instituted. The Com monwealth Public Service Association had prepared a scheme of retiring allowance#, which should not lie aban doned, but augmented by - assistance. JIo. outlined tho scheme and the scale of payments. Mr Kelly (N.S.W.) seconded the motion. The debate was adjourned, and made an order of the day for September 22. MIXFD MAIUtlAGKH. Mr Fowler (W.A.) moved for leavd to bring in a BUI for an Act to prevent children and aboriginal natives from being Improperly taken out of Australia. He said that the measure would noi inter fere wJth the ordinary rights of parents. Jlut at present It wus possible for-nit Asiatic to marry a white woman, who had been the mother of children- by a white husband, and take those white children out of Australia and bring them up in his own country us he pleased, Ieave waa granted. Leave was also granted to Mr Fowler lo bring in a Bill for an Act lo amend tho Immigration Restriction Act 1901- 7908, so, as ' to give Increased power to the Minister for External Affairs to de port criminals, T'rlvntc business having 'been disponed of, grievances wore discussed on a for mal motion that the Speaker leave the chair. The House was sitting when our re port closoch ' 