SRHMDRY. Lieutenant Peary has been presented with 10,000 dollars which were raised by public subscription. He declared his intention of depositing the amount towards the expenses of an Antarctic race with a British party. A landslide at West Wylnm, on the Tync- 9lde, demolished three houses, killed thrco women, and injured nine. Miles of land In the Derwcnt Valley arc In undated, and tho outlook for the North York shire farmers Is serious. A French Jack the Hipper has been ter rorising a portion of Paris. Six men and boys have been murderously attacked with a big knife, but no attempt has been made to rob the victims. The balance-sheet of the Hamburg-Ameri can Shipping Company for 1909 shows a profit Of £1,600,000. Mr. Cluirlton represented the colliery em ployees nt tho meeting of the compulsory Industrial Bonrd in Newcastle yesterday. H suggested that the proprietors should be asked to meet the men, with Judgo Scholea as mediator. The men. he said wished a settlement, and a meeting would pave the way to an immediate resumption of work. Hfp Honor replied that mediation was tho proper thing. He wus wiling to como In as mediator. He asked Mr. Charlton and Mr. Kelynnck to consult their clients and arrange a meet ing with him. The board wns adjourned till the following day, so that an effort might be made to ur range the consultation. Subsequently Mr. Charlton conferred with tho delegate board, and it was resolved to accept tbe wages hoard. The Government hfls discontinued, for tho j/resunt, supplying its Imported coal to pli cate consumers. The wholo of the State Importations, com prising six cargoes, arc now to hand. The Director of Labor reports' that several - thousands of men are out of work In con sequence of the strike. The Danish nnd Swedish, Consuls stnted yesterday thnt neither Denmark nor Sweden could spare agricultural immigrants. They declared that farm laborers were bet ter looked after in Dtnmark nnd Sweden, and were given beautifully-cooked food. Tho prison population Is now lower than for many years, nnd tlio cost of upkeep Is practically as low, as any previous year. Twenty years ago the gaol population numbered 2360. To-doy tbe number of peopit in gaol is only 1430. . The Court of Marine Inquiry sat yesterday concerning tho 'stranding of the steamer Eden on December 19. Tho court . found that the accident was brought about by the default, of the master, and called upon him to show cause. Mr. Justice Street returned from Colomno yesterday- by. the P.. nnd. O. steamer Mailwa, after a holiday trip of fivo, weeks. . The Chief Justice, Dr. Cullen, will preside at tho first law term of the year on Monday. Hackcnschmidt has challenged Scott, a New Zealand wrestler, to contest the world's championship' at Wellington on Wednesday next.- ..." Madame Melba hopes to present grand opera in Australia .on" 'the' scale' of the groat opera houses o' the, world. One of the principal items to; bo' discussed nt Caulfleld- on Saturday Is the St. George Stakes, Either Alawa .or Maltine should Wln.y - ' V.-' ' " The Now Zealand horses' Bobrikoff and Downfall were on the -tracks, at Randwlck this morning. Consequent on the melting of the . snows the Seine, is again steadily rising. An arrest has been made in connection with tho murder of M. Thaln ;at Nancy. Mr. Asqulth, fresh frpm a holiday trip to Cannes, has returned to London. Captain Norton, the Liberal Whip, declares that within a fortnight the Budget will be passed and the attack on the Lords' veto commenced. . He further states that the Liberals will face the. task of curtailing corrupt election practices and ending intimidation. Mr. Griffiths, Unionist M.P., suggests a re form of tho House of Lords which would pro vide for colonial representation. Ho proposes to limit membership of the Up per House to » 200,- of , whom. 40 would come from tho overseas dominions, S being from Australia. "We have hnd enough," lie .writes,' "of- slamming the door- In tho. face .of the colo nies."- The Legislative- Council of India has pass ed the Press' Bill.- ; - ' Lord Minto eausod.'ft sensation during' the sitting by stating that, tho : Government had decided to release the deportees; ,/ , ;'/ Tire ground for tlils action was that the an archical conspiracy was- dirdctbd asalnat Bri tish and Indian communities alike, itind', tho. release of the doportees would- encourage' niu: tual action, to end the evil. " ' . .Tho Viceroy's announcement -was cheered by theTndlan members oLthQ Council/' ;. 'Field-Marshal Lord Kitchener is mentloned as likely' to succeed. Lord Minto In the Vlce- royslilp of India. - ' >. : ' ' Tho Greek naval rebels have been pardon ed, but are to travel abroad for three years. Professor Grogory read a. paper, on Tuesday boforo the Royal Geographical Society on the geographical conditions controlling Austra lia's development. \- He expressed his conviction that there was no region in tropical Australia which Euro peans could not ccflqnisc. : / ; ) \- If tho' colored - races , wore admitted at all It should be under stringent regulations con fining tbem to thp tropical area.- Taxi-cabs for hire. 'Phono 1122 Central. 