FROM AeLL QUARTERS. According to tile latest advices from Nilgeria, railway construction In the Pro tcctorato is making good progress, and it is expected that by September next thlere will be through railway commnunicatlon with the city of Kano, the great trade contre, which Ires been aptly termed] tihe "Manchesoter of tile Sudan." Work is pro ceeding sinmultaneousty on the two nec lions of the Nhlgerinan systLem, tile one runnling from Lagos for 300 miles to Jcbbs, on the Niger, where the river is to be spoanned by two great bridges, and time line continned to Zunger, tihe capital, arnd the other beginning at Baro, an im portant navigable point on the Niger, wllichi has been transformed into on ex tensive railway depot, and running direct to iKamno, beyotld which point the question of further extension has not yet been considered-- with n 1a junction from MIlnna, 130 mles from tihe Niger terminus to Zungeru, where it will bie Joined up with thie line coming froml Lagos and crossing time river at Jebba. A remarklable stiry of the conviction of a ]ilusband and his wife for murder and tileh sentelnce to ilmrirsonment for life on the "evidence" of an ape, conmes from Dcvall's Landing, Louisiana. The prl soners, Chrlistopher and Mnamle Starr, were attached to James Ackerman's Cir cus nll July, whien Aclecrmlan's mutilated body was found. I-Ie was feeding Scamp, a pet Himalayan ape, at the time hie was killed. Afterwards when thie ape saw Starr it flow in a terrible rage, dashing about his cage and shaking the bars withll fury. It refused to be quiet while Starr wans In sight, and repeated its actions when Starr's wife appeared. There was no direct cvidence that thie Stares hod committed tihe murder, the ape being tihe only Ilvilg witness of time tragedy. Taken into court, tile animal again showed its rage against time prisoners. Tils is re ported to have inhluenced time jury more tlhan the chrcumstandlal evidelncc prodiic ed. A telegram fromn New Bukhara, a Rus sian town in Central Asia, states that serlouls collistions have been taking place on religious grounds between Sulnnis and Shlahs. Several Persian shops have been plundered. The telegram adds that the instigators of the disturbances are Sunni students, who move in bodies through the streets seeking for Shians and Per sian officials, A later telegram from New Bukthara states that the Sunnis are flocking into Bulkhara from tihe surround ing districts, and demand time recall of tlhe Government and time replacement of Sltlahm officials ha," Sountos, A telegrarum from New Bukhtlara states that ltheo killed number about 100. A large proportion of tie Inhllabitants have shown themselves to be in possession of Bordan rIfles and revolivers of various patlterns. Russian guards have been posted over time Rus slan buildings, banks, and raiway goods omces at Buklara. A compainy of Rifles and a company of Cossackts with four ma chiine guns have left Samnakand for 13uk tiara. After many mIonths of study and ex perimentlng, Mr. Thomas A. Edison, the eminent inventor, has succeeded In solv ing tie difincult problens of (nalking It possible for electric 'tramears to be run efilecently without depending for their supply of electric current upon either overllead or conduit wires. Severe tests hay0 been made withl an electric tramcar fitted with a storage battery invented by Mr. Edison, and the car was proved to be aeolnplete successa : Electrical engineers are eonlfident tlht- electric tramcars fitted witi Edison storag-batteries wtill be in universal usein thenear. future. Some idea oft Lt':importano of the British fishigin ildoistry may le gainced from the report on the nortll-enast coast fisheries, swhi i shows that In Englaind and Wales the qouantity of fish landed fore thn ten mnths -tending October 31i. 1909, was 1d,2?6,,o4lcwt.. valued at £6346. 204\. Adding tile value of shell fish, £247. 727, io total value of tile fioh landedo' reaches thu respectable figure of O6,593, 031\. If "wa add .Scotland and Ireland's contribution of £2,590,.12t, we se that the calue of the filsh landed in the United Ilngdom amoilats to no less than £0, 124,350. A good many millions of capital must be invested In bhots and gear In the United Kingdom, and to reap the har vest of the sea elnployment is afforded in round numbgrs to a hundred thousand flshermen. With reference to the statement pub ]Ished In the Brltish press regarding the consumption of horse snd dog fleoh in Germany, the "Sorgenpost" publishles the official statistics, accordinig to which 13,0570 Ihorses antl 6362 dogs were slilugim tered ill Germany iy 1008, showing, as regardo horses, a slight hlcrensa on tIml figurlc for 1807, but a decrease of 10.000 on Ihose for ]9ij6: sld, as regards dogs, decreases of 99 on 1007 and 150 o0 1906. There was certainly an increase in thle consumption of horse and dog flesh iii 1007, the result of tile increased prices in Ihe better class of meats, turing the first nine months of 1009, 0217 loure horses and 407 bore dogs were slaugh tered than in the corrcapo-dlng period of 1900. Taking an average of 150,000 horses and 700 dlogs slaughttred annu ally. iho total yearl- consuinption in Gormany amounts to about 45,000.00o p014ds of horse flesh and 140,000 poundo of mion ffchlm. -roviacnce smiled on Manitoba (Can ada) during the year 1900, writes thoe London "Daily Mail" Winnipeg corres pondont. The vauln of crops and beasts produced was £El;,:13,629. The dairy products 'ore estimated to have been worth at least another £300,000. The v'alue of the wheat marketed to Deccme her 31 is 10,.201,806 net to the producers. All this wealth produced within a coun try with a population of less than a mil lion, including the urban residents, has created a remarkable commercial buoy ancy, Trade is expanding rapidly, credit is good, there Is plenty of money for im provemants, a spirit of the utmost con fidence prevails, the flow of immigration is steady nnd of the best class of settlers. What more could a rountry desire. Germany (says tho London "Daily Chronicle") is the only Grant Power who has not been at war during the last thirty-nino years. France .has sent ex peditlons to Tonkln and Morocco; her ally, Rusina, has fought with both Tur Iky and Japan; Turkey fell upon and. de feated Greece; Italy went to war with Abyssinia, and was worsted; Spain was expelled from the New World by the United States; Austria had to fight for her occupation of Bosnia and Herzego vina; (ervia attacked Bulgaria; but as for er?dany., what or whom hes she ever snOghlt to attacl(. Preacnlng at Westminster Abbey re cently, the Bishop of London said It was with great siame that he learned that on the twenty-fifth anniversary of Grneral Gordon's death, which was on January 2C, they would be the only religious peo ple w1lo had nom completed their place of worship at Khartoum. Thi Mahomme dans hadI their building, .tho Copts had their beautiful church, the Prosbytorlans had their churclh, the Roman Catholics had finished r heir temporary church, but the Anglican community had only halr finished Its cathedral In memory of one of our great national heroes. i ('welve thousand pounds had been given, twelve tiousand pounds lhad been knept back. Surely there would be found among 'this nattiou of forty millions of people 240,000 at least who would give a slillllni in me mory of Cordon. It seemed to hli that as a nation we were faithless stewards In tlhat matter. NMr Joseph King, who lias retainel North Somerset for the Liberals in the British general election, is the only blind man who faced the electorate as a canndli date. Despite his loss of sight, lie leads a most active life, and Is an accomplish ed musician. As a speaker he is eloquent and Impressive. Former bllnld monmbers of tho louse of Coeamons were Mr. Wil hlam Mlacdonald, who sat for Queen's County for several years as a National ist ; Dr. Tindal Robertson, who at one time represented Brighton as a Consor vativo ; and. the late Professor Ftwceett, who. lihel office as rostmuaster-General. According to a. list given out by the lMinistry of Agriculture, writes Dr. Toto milanz in the "Co-operative News," there xlisted in Russia in the beginning of the year 1907, 1056 agricultural co-operative societies, of which 127 are In the .Govern ment of Livland, 73 In the Government of Poltowa, and 61 in the Government of iurland. The first of all was establlsl ed in 1870, and now we Iave already about 1500, with 150,000 members. TIle Ruslsian agrlcultural co-operative societies are, ill tha first place, co-opcratlve- wholesale and ulpply societies. They buy for their members agricultual implelnents aind ma chlinos, seeds, manure, etc., but they also occupy themselves wltll the breeding of cattle, rearlng of bees, with the drying, wlinnowglg, lnd sorting of corn, and with thle salo of grain and frlllt. Following upon tile solnewhnt depress ilg report on the local locomlotive in dluatry comies a reIport on the Aetlrcl'lol ilndustlry. Tile Baldwin W'orts at Plhilt ielphla built lhsL year some 0?Oi locio lIIotiHves, which is more thlll thlre iter orkliilg liday. Tllis, is an enorl.oulo l ast vlllce ulponl 1008, whlen oly 617 e(ngll2rs 'vere turned oalt, 'but it Is considerably less than the maximum capacity of the vorks, which Is statedl at 2700 per an nnu. Tllhs mnax:imumnl, we believe, lns lever been attained, the highest outpntl n an1 y onle year being 2663 in 1907. :0f course, it is to be remembecred, thnat th!e A\mcrlican works turn oult standard pat orns like blschits, lnot slpelelul types to sult tile designs of dlIfferciit ralihway io ginecrs ,as our Iolo l prodtucers hlaveo to dlo. Of lhst yenr's Baldwin output oly 138 were for exaort to Brazil. Cua, China, Chill,.llawatRJ, Dritish Columbijha, Argcntlna, Mlexico, .ud Canada. A tragic sequel to : remarlkable wqd dinlg is reported froe. Liinz, salys the Lon don "Express" Vienna corrcapondcnt. A short time ago Fraulein Anna lirsch had a legacy left to her- by all uncle on con dition that she should be mlarried before her 21st birthday. Iler fiance, Carl Bar grllUberl, wine dealer, was nway in Smyrna when hlie heard the news, but as his business prevented him from retIurln ing to Europe before Mlrch, and as the girl was to attaini her majorlty at the cndl of tile present month, thie lovers de clied that there shouldl be a mnarriago By proxy. Accordingly .Frriuleln Ilirsch wyas inlarried In tills manner last week, tile brildegroom being represented by a frientd apllolnlted by hlier fiance. She was thiil legally entitled to entler into possession of lier fortune. But she was lot to re lualn a brile for long. While she was busily engaged in preparing her ndiv home saile received is. telegram announcing the sudden death of her husband. In the course of in lecture on "The Snavnges of New Guinea" at the London Institution, Mlr. A. H. Dunning gave an amusing account of thls adventues among the savages, one ofe his stories relatitng to a bottle of strong smelling salts. Tihe lirst man who smelt, under the imprec slon that It was a .."white man's nloo eharln," was so staritled that-he fetched a friend to try. Then tley formed tle salts into a sort of trust, anld scourgil thIe neighbourhood for recruits. Nobotdy ave tile show away. They birought new people Iup one aftec; thile othler, propped thenl up against a tree, and sat rouni like Christy Minstrels to wait for the re sult. Klssing or fondling, added MIr. Dun ning, was unhnown In New Guinea untill tho advent of the inisnlojiarles. "Thes' woro seen kissing the children, and til custom spread. Havilng been kissed lst oily natives, he proferred the old stylI tof salutation. ii Spealtking at Carnarvon, Mr. Merrlmaui Cape, Premier, referoed to the South African Union. He trusted in Iho spirif whlich made imi, on poitslble, 'but contlnued thtL if they who wore iin a- uajorlt' adopted a top dog policy jnion .would lid a curse instead of a; blessing. The tall( ahbout a coalition semo di to him to :-10 foolish and mischievohls.' .Although :hit was in favour of theoutmost protectioi:ol. and assiltance for the mines, h1 emphaS sised the danger of ,tho insidious poWe' of monley. In politics Both .:sides ':weri gullty of preaching lrotherl'ly lovoe': .nd slmultaneously ly naiu1 in.ultlng remarkis atbollut each other. Professor Lydle, i n'0lt riecnt tlecture. a ftlversity College. Lollldoni; dmiserlbed thmq Dnoes as the fIttest ioploli illI usbie. l'Ihi. pre-enmulnenc he iascrihes ?i their lethargiS ways, and their hahit" of munclihig sand wriches all day long. fit ?vlsltors to D·in mark have noticed tht coen the factoy hiands, whoso hours na muh Igger. thali in this country, :anid 0 d c1i0oot "' aecusnq or lethargy, are. getibrally 'ipeakilng, 5oe tiechbly stot, rho firgaouenaunmptlion oX crealm maly be partiall' responsible for this it is continually served up in what appenar to the Briton most tieongruous' compansy Thus, "ollebrod," one of the moat popular of Danish dishes, is made of ahlt horrings smothered In cream,nhndd mined irlth ra?o. onlons, black bread, find bcbr. . In a. religious census of tho wnoril (recently piublished). Dr.-h ZAller, i rector af the Statis?ticnal-Buoreal In Stu gartl, estimates tlhti of 'tho' 1.,5,1t,510, people in tile idaorld, 5.13,9,10.000 e Christians, 175,230000,0 ire Mlohaomntv dans, 10,860,000 are Jews, andt 823,o.:000a hold other beliefs' Of tijose, 300,00.00 are Confnelans, 21,1.000,000 are BrSUh mnns. anal 121.006,000 Buddhlists, ?lthi other bodies of lesser nulmbers. In oaher words, out of esery thousand of the earth's ilnhabitants, 316 are Christiins, 114 are Mlohamntedan,' 7 are Israelite, and 133 are of other religions. The Germajn Efnieror has entered his 52nd year, and In June next it will be 22 years sine he succeeded to .the thlrone, so that lhe can no longe' lie called, as he long was,l "a young nmhn in a hurry." Ite was born in tile year df tile Aastro-Franco-ttalian w'ar, 1S50, and ans child or boy ha witnessed the trium. phal oentry of his grandfather's trToops into Berlin ·with Ite trophies aof Duppel, '64i, Koniggratz;'6li, and Sedan '?t, s, that hils young, and fervid inmaginatlor most have boeeo well fired with thb glo ries of war. And yet it must be said to his credit Ihat William II. has been a consistent t.nd persistent kee or or the peoce in Europe. "Defenco, ~ot Do flancc.o ' is undoniabl: the motto on .which he had eover acted. In England, there, are 1044 gasworkhs owned by co spanies, and only ,223 by lacal authorities, in Scotland 208 against ,5, and in Irq.and 87 against 24. The an nual makte of.gas in England is given an 172.507.398.000 icublc feet. in Scotland 1t,61,071,000 cubic feet, and in Ire land 5,396,133,000 cubic feot, malting a total of 194,464,593,000 cuble "'fect, as compared with 1X,820,797,000 in tihe previous year. lunlicipal gan supply is on a much larger scalo in 'Scotland titan in cthiir Englandt or Ireltind. This is exalained., by the fact thmit all the largo towns in Scotland oswn :the gas works. In.' Enigland this is not so, for in London, Liverpool, Bristol, 'Shcfileld, Newcastle- dh-Tyee, Plymouth1 Brigh ton, and other large towno, thC gas sup ply is in the hands of compaliles, while in Jreland thi s is als the cansq;in Dublin and Corl;t Within the LonTon postal district t Icre are 1,2230.07 pconsumers, and they tre supplied with 47,19.3,822,000 cubic feet 'of gas. The largebst of the London companies, indeed thoelargest in the aworld,, the Gaslight and obkte Com pany, makps 23,829,000,000O cubic feet of gas In the year, apd charges, 2s Sd per thousand pub!c feet. 