j SUNBEAMS, j > tmoi Hunk of lese- majestc from an old Al bany resident's) account of tho > present king's -first visit to- that port in 1833 : "One. off ®ur larrikins > twitted Prirfce George with liaving a crook- od leg, a remark to which H.R.H. retorted with somewhat fiery sar casm." «. Officially 'announced that Prime Minister Andy Fisher is not only will ing but . anxious to meet the State Premiers in» conference regarding the financial question-. Let us see — wasn't it a former Cabinet colleague of 'Fish- ' er's named Mahon who described the Premiers.' Conference- as an " excres- cence ?" But caucus has decided that Mahon is ait excrescence, and a chenge has come- o'er- the spirit of its di am. No twith standing that he traces his descent back to Egbert the Saxon, the new King, like his late father, speaks English with a decidedly German accent — a curious example of lingual atavism. There is English, Scotch, Bjhranch and "Danish blood, as well as German, in the British Royal family. The German' strain didn't arrive till iho seventeenth century. The Government is taking a devil OI l\ UlinQ DO nUlKtJ up Its IIIUIU wucwiw it dare enforce the anti-gambling laws, cither in their. entirety or partially. What is the reason for the delay — disinclination to go the whole" hog, or Foar of being accused of partiality and inconsistency if it only goes part of the animal? ©r -is the Cabinet it self divided ? The hesitation suggests lamentable r weakness. X ' -. " Fragment of a pomo that the poor old " West Australian describes as " a beautiful tribute to the memory of. the late King": — " The King is Bead." 'Tis vain— how vain 1 — to say, Kin?s are, as commoners, of common clay : Thev reign one glorious, or inglorious day, ' This ended — pass away. Wo that have never looked upon a wtrone. Know this, nnd-lqng liave known. What banal bathos 1 mm O- « Some remarkable Royal coincidences. George the Third died at 81, after the longest reign in English history up to his time. He was succeeded by his eldest son, who passed over at 68, after having worn the crown for. ten years. Queen Victoria, who reigned for the longest period in our history, died at the same age as George the Third. She, also, was succeeded by her eldest son. who li i-n George the Fourth, attained his 68 th year and died in the tenth ' year of his reign. Another point of resemblance between George the jjourtn ana Ji,uwara tne Severn 11 as that each was known in his lifetime as " The 'First Gentleman in Europe." \- The sawn - off Jap sailors who wer0 knocking around Perth during tlie early part of last week (writes our Perth correspondent) provided" an interesting study in' ethnology. Some of them were remarkably Caucasian iii their features and complexions, a fact which suggests that white - brown marriages, are not at all uncommon in Nippon. Others ranged in color from a faint yellow to an exceedingly dark brnwn . ' One nr tn-n nr rfln> .'nffiecrs looked more like Malays than Japsj which recalls the fact '.that the Jalpa- nese are supposed to be a mixture of Mongolians and 3Ialays with a dash of (Polynesian thrown in. There was one tall sailor who towered above his chunky companions like a salmon-gum sapling in a- tamar thicket. 'From what .weird hotchpotch of races did lie issue ? ' 3F Bernard Shaw complains that ho gees too much applause at his plays. " The audience at ' Misalliance,' " lie says, " actually addvd five minutes to tlie schedule time of my play by their constant interruptions, their reckless bursts of applause and laugh ter." Such a complaint has never before been made by a dramatist, but Shaw must be unique at all costs'. He proposes to set- things right by enclosing tire gallery in thick, sound-proof glass, and letting the peonle hear the play by electro phone. A few years ago Shaw would have suggested that the enclosing of the stage with so"nd-r>roof , glass would not have resulted in any great loss '-to the audience, but be is a playwright himself now. Jabez Dodd, who beat the ex- Mayor of Kalgoorlie hands down for the South Province seat on Friday, is tho second direct' Labor candidate t-o storm the portals of the House of Ilam Fat. The first urns Con. O'Brien, a fairly affluent publican, who was first returned for the Central Province at a by-nloction in 1901. Con. lost his seat three years later, but- succeed- irl : i n... 1 . — w. tv (u.v « miw; ju .1908. J. A. Tho'asn, who was in the Council from 1902 t-o » couple of years ago., was often claimed as . a Laborito, but as a matter of fact lie never rigrvd the nlat'orm. J. M. Briow, Bae-lish's ITpp House. Minister, was and is strenuously pro-Labor, but has always refused to be tied. mm Some of the Melbourne papers— no ticeably the " Age and the " Aus tralasian" — are enthusiastically pelting flowers at Senator George Penrcc. This choice extract is from the " Aus tralasian," generally considered tho most reactionary of Australian news-' papera : " In the matter of one portfolio —that of defence — a very lively sat isfaction is felt that tlie verdict of the ballot-box and the choice of tlie Prime Minister have combined to put Senator Pearee back in his old place. Of all the former Fisher 'team . he "earned most recognition for the virile, businesslike way in ' which lie administered his depart ment. There -wa"-'. indeed, a feeling n'. roirrot that the fall of the Ministry on the eve of tho Defence Conference in London deprived vSniurto'- Peai.-c.ii of (Jy--- opportunity of figuring there as ne of the re presentatives of the Common- wealth." " 'Cmor, Danioc: e|, ,lrin. ff,.-entes." ve: mnri-id Rf)n-,.,n 11,, r( r,n a similar occasion. Tim A,m(rnuall nf wv,ch is " teon' t teust. the blot- w|,o offers to shout, for yon after fie has tried to break vour 'n.w." But. if js doubtful if Pearee -will ndish the tmtli of the observation. 1 !%%"»' "Win mi — It's an ill wind, etc.,. etc. "Kal goorlie Min'er's " Londom correspond ent relates that the only people- there abouts rejoicing over labor's w.im in the Federal elections are the Canadian immigration agents who! feared! JLhat, if Boakin remained in office,, the Com monwealth would become a formidable rival to the Dominion in attracting de sirable settlers from tlie old eouratry. Possibly Fisher and Co. will now die- pute High CommissicoCr Rei'd: to> ex plain away the popular belief that hos tility to immigration is, an, unwritten iteni on the Jabor programme. It will be a new role for the genial hum- nrist with the evevlass. but if he can't do it nobcly Jan. An article has appeared im the Mel- bourno "Age" dealing w.Lthi the selection of the Federal Ministry,. It set forth, among other things, (fi) that tho re jection of Mr. Mahon< was tlio result of a discreditable intrigue, of a sec tarian nature ; (2) that his old col leagues stood loyally by him, but that tho Frazer interest proved too power ful : '3) that had the turned-down Minister descended' to- canvassing, the result would have' been- different ; (4) that Mahon was one of the ablest Ministers in both the previous Labor nnl\Tnn+.a 1 f K n 4 r> f4w» ( ' nnll'i'vw tin , v«; MIUU uiuu L UJ112 boot '" he was offereid the Speakership as a sort of consolalion prizo ; (6) that he declined it. Also, there was a good deal of curious information given about the manner of balloting, which could obviously only have been Kuppter by a man behind the scenes. We think Vc could place the author of this article-— in one try. Every Labor member was practically a, candidate for office on April 29, or, at all events, every name appeared on the ballot papers. The Melbourne ". Herald " describes the procedure : — After the roll - call, printed . bal-. lot papers wore distributed, each member receiving two. One con tained tho names of every member of the Party in the House of Repre sentatives, the other every name in the Senate. Each member was ikjuucu iu mans, "witn a cross cue names of three members of the Sen ate and tho six members of the House of Representatives for whom . he desired to vote, ft was a cuise of offence to various 'Labor candidates at the recent elec tions, we remember, that after the Premterq' C'nference, which fixed , up the -Financial Agreement, tho Very, blotting - pads wore . destroyed. But it would he safe to bet that al docu mentary evidence that might have thrown any light on the scramble for portfolios was even more carefully in cinerated. What an excitin'g drama might have been pieced together other wise from the waste- paper basket and the dust - bin ! <<s» is» Roads Board Chairman Davidson's suspicion that the " dual title role " is thoroughly objectionable to Kal goorlie ratepayers must have deepened into something very like certainty last week, when lie was rejected atf a by- election with far more emphasis than at the last annual one. And, if he roads the verdict aright, he will probably accept it as a final intima tion that if he wants to get bade into the .Council he must chuck ihe roads board.- Apart from the ' possibility of the interests of the two bodies nlocliui.r f 1i am 11 I IU-J.W is uiiuoiuj'-uaiy un. uii- spoken -thought in the. minds of many, citizens that however zealous a man may be for participation in public affairs, it is a little greedy and grasp ing to want to sit on two boards, exercising side-by-side .functions. Glut tony for work, especially unpaid work possibly ought to rank as a virtue, but there remains something invidious about it when it involves the exclusion of another volunteer. The ex'uSpC- rat!lls feature of the bal- ' loon' ascents, admirably-executed and highly sensational as they aw, is that tho spectator is compelled to wait- two or three' hours for something that only occupies (when it comes) two, or three minutes. The lacrosse matches and similar " fill-ups " were an unutterable weariness to most peo- ph>. It is this— more than the im possibility of fencing off a generous section of the sky — that gives such an impetus to the dead-heading business, so much resented by the aerial acro bats. The paying spectator gets liis money's worth of sensation, no doubt. but it is at the. cost of so long and dreary a wait that his natienco be comes utterly exhausted. A nennv- worth of bread t-o an intolerable deal of sack, as Shakespeare nut it. These balloon exploiters should really put on better side- shows. Cardinal Moran attributes the result of the Federal elections, in some mys terious way to the resentment occa sioned by the attacks of the " wow sers " on the Roman Catholic Church. " VVhnt is a wowser ?" askes sonic be- wiiaercu person in a contemporary, and answer comes there none — edi torially, anyhow. Also, as in the case of " pull yer leg," the dictionaries are silent, and the scholastic oracles dumb. What is a wowser ? A canting, cleri cal hypocrite, preferably Nonconfor mist, of the typo Dickens immortalised in Stiggins ? . An-- who coined the word ? Writer always previously re garded it as among the output of John Norton's alliterative and pictu resque voeabulary, but if it is good enough for a prince of the church, it' ought to command increased conside ration. When will some public-spirited patriot endow a chair of slang in an Australian 'University ? The " West Australian " considers that " there -is not a little to admire in tho courage with which the new King assumes a name that has ben smirched by former wearers. ... It is a brave task to undertake the reha bilitation of the name of George." But what else, could the new monarch have called himself ? His own father jibbed at Albert, although he had answered to it all his life, because of its "Beutsclior associations. And neither a Frederick nor an Ernest has ever sat upon the English throne, though the records of Prussia and Saxe-Gotha teem with thein. Obviously, "George" was Hobson's choice, Besides, haven t dozens and senras of illustrious Bri tons (including Australia's first High 'Commissioner) already re - varnished and re - lustred, as it were, the nnmi that the earlier Hanoverians " smirch ed ?" The " West " needn't worry. No good horse was ever a bad color, anyhow. 