[LAUNCESTON, TASMANIA.] r tat itr hii PUBLISHED DAILY. tel WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 1 101010. ha he AGENT-GENERIAL'S REPORT. rni The second half-yearly report of the pe Agent-General (Dr. M'Call). deals ewith bo matters of real, live interest to this state. It is the report of a man with re not only a good grip of his work, but bears on the face of it evidence of that energy which is characteristic of the se 'Agent-General. Although we found it necessary to differ materially from DSr. M'Call, the Tasmanian politician, we recognise that as the representative or the state in London he is the right man t in the right phlace, and is well worth the salary which the Government has tl placed on the estimates. While the Agent-General is pushing the interests of the state in the United Kingdom, it y` is not to be expected that, single handed, he can carry out the projects referred to in his report. lie can ad- it vise, and hisi advice ii practical and im portant in many directions. His comments on the fruit industry are to the point, for they deal with questions which mauterially affect the interest ot the growers. Especially is this so when he speaks of the arrangements made for marketing the fruit. Ship- P pers and growers are too much ill the hands of the Covent Garden ring or clique. This has been recognised tor years, but, while here an'd there an indi- a' vidual has endeavoured to break down t the monopoly which exists, there has d not been that combination of effort at t: this end which is desirable. Take tha t. question of carelessness on the part of a slhipowners in the matter of carriage. n As the Agent-General points out, the a companies know that they have no s organisation against them. The con- p signments of a few individuals might be spoiled in transit, but they prefer to put up with'the loss rather than go to a law with a strong company. Dr. M'Call makes a sensible sugeCStlOn shlen i lie rbeommends that in a case of gross t carelessness the risks of an action should 1 be borne by the whole body of fruit- i growers, and not fall on a single individual. In the proposal to exploit and test new markets, combined action i is also necessary. Fruitgrowers might I well consider the advantage of creating a fund, into which each should pay a small sum per case, computed on what he forwards, to protect and expand their interests as a body. As has often been pointed out, it is co-operation in these matters which has given the Danish producer so strong a position in the English market. Sr. ML'Usll also mentions the matter of terms, and ex poses 'several things which call for re form. Thus le says that if the bulk of a parcel is enot quite up to sample it is a usual thing to make the buyer an allowance, but if the advantage is the other way the seller reaps no benefit. It would appear that therm was room for improvement in thel direotion ot adopting, the German system, which is also in force at the Monument sales, ot properly exhibiting the bulk and binding t the buyer by the price for which the fruit was sold. The Agent-General also hammers av.ay at the old complaint of inferior fruit being sent. Atlthough a we hase a Commerce Act and grower. have to pay for inspection, it would appear that it is done more or less per \- functorily, and that fruit is sent away Ywhich should have been stopped on the wharves. Another matter is the ex cess of bra-nding which the act requires, and which makes it difficult to sort a shipment according to growers' brands. There appears to be much in the regu lations under the Commerce Act which is unnecessary, while the personal fac tor in the mnktter. of i.?e?tippn iS liek One of the most satisfactory items in sa the report deals with the efforts which a the Agent-General has made in inducing in capitalists to start industries in this th state. The woollen mills proposal has in been mentioned, and Dr. 31'Call states "r that the shares have been under\written, of and that the prospectus will shortly bo at issued. If he succeeds in bringing this lt project to a successful'issue, Dr. M'Call will earn all the salary he will receive during his term of office. 'Then we have the paper-making project, in con nection with which Mr. F. W. Moore is about to re-visit Tasmania. While re- t1 cognising the advantage of this industry w in one way, we realised that it involved Ii the use of a large amount of our tim- a bher which might be required for more b profitable purposes later on. But it ' any timber grant for this purpose is Il accompanied by proper re-planting con- ti ditions, tha.t aspect of the project a becomes materially modified. There v should be a steady revenue obtainablecv from our forest lands, provided they are I. regarded as a commercial asset; and ' treated accordingly. Up to the present t. the state has not received much in the h shape of revenue, but every pound re- t ceived should be paid into a special fund, b to be placed at the displAsal of forest I commissioners, and should be expended c in re- afforestation. If that were done e there would be less objection to whole- 5 sale clearing off of timber. Dr. M'Uall i also touches on the question of wood s blocks for street-paving, but pithily re- t marks that, as there appears to be no ' local faith in our woods for that pur- I pose, it is diflicult to persuade others a to try them. It is the old story ot r lack of faith in our own products. We t are also told that a Scottish expert will arrive here in October in connection with the fishing industry, and the State Government is asked to pave the way for the enquiries lie will need to make. t Will Ministers do this, or will they wait until lie arrives, and then move in the usual half-hearted way? The report also refers to Dr. M'Call's visit to Bris- i tol, with a view to the introduction of t Tasmanian fruit into that part of the United Kingdom. An article lately published on the subject showed that, not only was there a large volume of prospective buyers in the Bristol area, but that the rail freigh:ts from that port to other populous centres were con siierably less than those from London. Bristol, as a port, is growing in impor tance year by year, and will become a great entrepot of Atlantic trade. In trying to opet fresh markets, a port like Bristol should not be overlooked; indeed, it is a matter for surprise that such places as aLiverpool and Manches ter, with their millions of population, have not been exploited. Nothing would help to break down the Covent Garden ring more than for the ''asmanian ship per to have two or three strings to his bow. On the subject of immigration the report is encouraging, since it speaks of a fair number of settlers who have left for Tasmania. But there is one sentence which sums up the whole posi tion. Dr. M'Call says:-"If those whom he was advising to go to Tasmania could find suitable land, and if lie could be assured that more would be avail able, a still larger number of eligible selectors could be secured." That is the weak point of all our immigration efforts. No one in England can point to a map and say, "There is land which you can acquire at so much per acre." We do not refer to bush land, for the average Englishman would be lost on it, but to land which now forms portion of some of our large estates. This re mark of the Agent-General furnishes a strong argegpent in favour of comlpul sory acquis ion. The report is, as we have observed, that of an energetic man well acquainted with Tasmanian needs, and who is malking the office a profitable investment for the state. 