FORESTS AND. EADY. I Dr. Hammond's remarks on seasonal statistics raise some points of more than usual interest His contention that mean annual rainfalls are of very little value as a guide to the agriculturist is well founded. One of the most outstanding characteristics of Australian rainfall is the unevenness of its distribution. Moreover, it not infre- quently happens that particular places can generally count on rain when there is any rain to be had; while others not distant are proverbially luckless. The time at which rain falls is equally important with its amount. The wheat-growing districts in the vicinity of Adelaide owe their phenomenal success to the rainfall normally coming in the second and third quarters of the year, and conveniently remaining away at other times. If meteorology is to be of any practical assistance all these things must be taken into account Even more far-reaching is the question, raised by Dr. Hammond, of the relation between forests and rainfall. This is a subject that has been very much discussed, and perhaps the many fanciful explanations put forward have done something to discount the undeniable fact that the cutting down of forests has a marked evil effect on climate in a country where drought conditions are apt to occur. The views of the "oldest inhabitant" on matters of this sort are, no doubt, often misleading; but there is a sufficient body of sound evidence to put beyond dispute the main issue that the cutting down of forests diminishes rainfall. We need not argue why It is so. The mere I fact conveys a warning, and also an injunction to supply nature's forest deficiencies, wherever possible. In most of the countries of the world the clearing of forest land for agriculture has proceeded at a reckless pace. To this wholesale destruction the aridity of various parts of Canada and the United States, the floods and famines of China, the bar renness of Mesopotamia and Asia Minor are attributed. The stripping of the Danish Atlantic Coast has caused a marked deterioration of climate. From Spain, Turkey, Africa, and Russia come well authenticated accounts of the drying up of springs where trees have been destroyed. Within relatively recent times a great part of the tussock land of New Zealand was forest clad, and the Maoris have a tradition that the timber and the men disappeared together, the former as the result of destructive fires. Much of this destruction has been wrought in historic times, giving rise to Sir Julius Vogel's remark that a swagman would burn down a forest to light his pipe. That the areas so left bare have a lower than normal rainfall is the consensus of opinion, while it is further true that treeless country is unable, for various reasons, to retain even such moisture as it acquires. As a secondary argument for afforestation, nothing could be stronger than the effect of planting on the efficiency of the soil. There is good reason to believe that the plant- ing of suitably chosen trees would be successful, even in areas of very low average rainfall. This is a field in which experimental work, extensive enough to afford convincing demonstrations, might very well be undertaken by the State. There is ample evidence that the treeless wastes of Australia once carried vast forests, and while, as often happens, the causes of the disappearances of the forest flora are not very clear, there is some evidence that radical change in climate was not one of them. Tree-planting on a really large scale would doubtless immensely ameliorate Australian conditions,' and at the same time provide us with an asset of enormous value. Lord Kitchener At yesterday's meeting of the State Cabinet final arrangements were made for the reception of Lord Kitchener at the Central Railway Station to-morrow morning. The Field Marshal will be met by representatives of the Federal Government and the State Ministry. He will stay at the Federal Government House while i Sydney. Superintendent of Navigation Since the 111 loss of Captain Henry Newton, the duties pertaining to the position of Superintendent of Navigation have been carried out by Captain Alexander Hacking, the deputy superintendent, who was formerly in charge at Newcastle, In the event of Captain Newton resigning-as it is expected he will-the Government will call for applications from men in the service to fill the position. Should no suitable applicants come forward from within the service, the appointment will be made from outside it Hope for Incurables From the report of the Inspector-General of Charities (Dr. R. T. Paton), it appears as if the Waterfall Hos- pital for consumptives in the advanced stage of the disease is doing something useful in combating the scourge. The hospital has 206 inmates, of whom 152 are confined to the wards. Since the hospital was opened last April there were 318 admissions, 118 dis- charges, and 47 deaths. Of those discharged 39 had the disease arrested or practically cured, and 24 were much improved, Let, the disease was arrested, but all evidences of it had not disappeared. Twenty-six were improved, and 29 were unimproved, and left Of their own accord. Fourteen of the latter left within the first week of the opening of the hospital. Of the deaths, a considerable number took place within the first week after admission. Five were in the secondary stage, and is in the third stage. The most modern methods of treatment are in use in the hospital, and medical men consider the results under the circumstances satisfactory. Provision has been made in the current year's estimates for the accommodation of female consumptives, and during the year the necessary buildings will be commenced. The completion of the nurses' home and cottages for attendants shortly will give extra accommodation for 30 beds in the hospital. The nurses have hitherto occupied one of the wards. Metropolitan Water Supply. The recent rain ceased to exercise any appreciable effects on the water Supply yesterday morning. Prospect reservoir had only benefited to the extent of lit 3in, and was beginning to fall again, but in Cataract dam the impound ago had been increased by 8ft. There is now enough water stored to meet the demands of the metropolis by gravitation till the end of the summer; and in the meantime it is hoped that there will be further rains. Consumers, however, are urged to avoid waste wherever possible, and to assist the authorities to tide over a position of some difficulty. Australian and American Boys The American boys made their farwell appearance at the Town Hall last night, together with 140 members of the Young Australia League, who are on a visit from Western Australia. The two bodies gave a very land? ble entertainment, which, however, was but sparsely attended. The military band of the American Boys rendered several selections, and songs were given by Sheridan Williams and Emil Hastings. Edward Burke and William Pring gave a representation of New York news- boys, truth mouth organ melodies and ducts. The Australian boys sang the following 'choruses: "Adieu" (John Peate) and "Lift Up the five-starred Flag" (Murphy). Arthur Rutter, described as Western Australia's boy soprano, sang "Sing, Sweet Bird" (Watson), and Fred Butters recited "Lost" A combined chorus by both bodies of boys ren dozed We've Got a Big Brother in America," which was well received. Earthquake Recorded at Sydney-A about 10 o'clock on Saturday night last an earthquake of exceptional severity was recorded by the seismograph at the Riverview College Observatory. A rough calculation which has been made places the centre of the disturbance in the neighbourhood of the Caribbean Sea. Cricket Craze in Papua Major Boyd, in the Brisbane "Courier," describes his tour through Papua, and deals with the wonderful hold that cricket has over the young Papuans.' He says: "We had some trouble in getting the carriers, as all the villagers, including the Samoan missionary, were engaged in playing cricket The craze for cricket seems to have spread from village to village all over civilised Papua. Wherever we entered a village we invariably found a cricket match in progress. The singular feature about the play was that young natives who could not speak English had most of the English terms used in the game by heart Thus one would hear 'Play!' 'Run!' "StopP "How's that, umpire?' 'Out!' I must say that many of them handled a bat well and gracefully. The bowling was good and very swift, and as for the fielding it was quite up to the average. The worst of this cricket mania, my guide told me, was that If carriers were wanted and they were playing a match no inducement would make them move until the game was over. It was becoming, he said, the curse of New Guinea." The Clip and the crop There has been a big rush of wool and wheat to Darling Harbour since the resumption of the goods traffic on the railways. The wool carried for the -week which ended on Saturday amounted to 18,923 bales, an increase, as compared with the corresponding week of last year, of 10,869 bales. The total for the season, which was below that for the corresponding period of 1908 a few weeks ago. is now 696,002 bales, an in crease of 10,300 bales. The wheat hauled last week totalled 133,863 bags, an increase of 51,043 on the corresponding week of last year. The total for the season is now 295,634 bags, an increase as compared with the correspond- ing period of last year of 90,547 bags. It is advertised that on the occasion of the inspection of Lord Kitchener on Saturday, and during the battle practice from all sorts at Port Jackson, the water police will be present to take the names of any owners and masters of craft who may infringe the regulations. The committee appointed to arrange a testimonial to Mr. E. Dowling in recognition of his services to federation are, as announced elsewhere, endeavouring to secure additional committeemen. The Railway Department adoioivledgcs a postal note for 4s 6d, which the anonymous donor says he owes to the Tramway Department. Mr. Liddell, M.P., has written to the Minister for Customs directing attention to the "Herald" report of a police court case at West Maitland, in which it was stated that a Cingalese, charged with vagrancy, had recently arrived through an Immigration league." He urges Immediate inquiry. 