LONDON LETTER. — — (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) "EMPTY" LONDON. LONDON, August 6. — Tho social columns ot tho newspapers declare that tho "season" is . over, and that London Is empty. To tho averago worker this is news. An "empty" London that contains seven or eight millions ot people Is a Jest surely. Yet tho announcement 13 cor rect enough. The West is empty. Tho Row, which for tho last lew weeks haB been each morning the scene of a little flutter as tho King passed quietly along on his beautiful black hack, is now practically deserted. You miss tho pro cession of silk hats in tho West-end' streets; tho attendance at the theatres is less brilliant; the great clubs of Pall Mall and Piccadilly, and a score of minor streets, are in the hands of decorators, and are redolent of now paint. Tho stream of traffic contains fewer private motor cars and nolsolcss electric broughams. Tho Courts are rieing; Parliament is up. Everybody is afoot for places that are brighter, if not cooler. Meanwhllo the skies continue to send down rain, and still more rain. But everywhere In the streets tho throng Is as dense as ever. For every ono that has gone a visitor has come, London is alive with strange faces and' strange voices from ail the corners of the earth. The swarms of Americans are rushing and twanging In, every interesting quarter of the town. Guides are reaping their annual harvest, whilo tho guide-books are doing bigger sales than the now novels. Cabby and the taxi-driver are wearing out their tyres as they cart tourists and trunks to and' from the great railway stations. "THE SILLY SEASON." Thousands of offices aro working short-hand ed to enable the staff to take its annual leave. The. King departs shortly to his Highland home at Balmoral, and takes with him a member of the Cabinet. Ono Minister is always in attend ance at Balmoral. Thoy take it in turn, week about. Mr. Asquith Is at golf. Mr. Churchill is yachting in tho Mediterranean, and goes thence on a shooting expedition to Asia Minor. Like Mr. Roosevelt, tho Home Secretary is very keen on the excitement and danger of follow ing big game. Sir George Reid is to be the guest in Scotland ot his brother High Commis sioner, Lord Strathcona, but tho report that ho contemplates deer-stalking is not true. Mr. Coghlan is at Folkestone. Government Is being carried on chiefly by Under-Secretaries' secre- taries and tho office boys. Casual labor is en joying its best season of the year. Fleet-street has entered upon the silly season. All tho cranks of tho country are addressing letters to the editor. The "Daily Mall" is probably hatching a German scare to take the place of Dr. Crippen. Tho literary freo lance is taking out the year's rejected "copy" and firing it In again with some chance of success. A11 London is slack, and not a little enjoyable. August is sometimes extremely disagreeable. Tho heat can be as trying here at this timo of the year as it ever is in Sydney. Tho humidity, coupled with the absence of fresh air in the city, on hot, still days, con mako London one of tho most trying spots in all the world. This yoar, how ever, wo have had a long spell of cool, fresh, showory days, and bracing nights, and as usual, whatever tho season, the city is enjoying extra- ordinarily good health. Few big cities of tho world have a death rato as low as England's capital. 72 VICTORIA-STREET. The Empiro is strongly represented at 72 Vic toria-street. Tho Commonwealth occupies a big portion of tho third floor, and has lately ex tended to the fourth. Underneath are tho new offices of tho High Commissioner for tho South African Union, Sir Richard Solomon. South Africa lost no timo in carrying its Union into effect in London. Hitherto each colony had its Agent-General, hut tho declaration of Union was no sooner made iu South Africa than tho shuttors went up all round, and the staffs wero thrown together in the offices at 72 Victoria- street. Some Australians havo pointed a moral from this business-like procedure. . Howevor, tho constitutions of tho Union and tho Common wealth are very different, and it need scarcely bo said that such a London amalgamation as South Africa has effected Is impossible on 1110 part ot Australia. Nevertheless it was instruc tive to notice the way in which South Africa demolished its Individual representation, and sot up in one undivided house. Tho change made caused something liko a panic among the staffs of the agencies, and re-adjustment, marked by many changes and a few resignations, with a good deal of financial compensation, is now tak ing place. Ono ponders on this sweeping step in the interests of nationhood, and becomes a little reflective about the Commonwealth Con stitution. London is a big place, but It is not big enough, and it has not timo enough for six or seven representatives of Australia housed in different apartments, and all engaged in doing the same task in different ways. A PATRIOTIC VISITOR. But if undivided representation in London Is not practicable, Australia may at least bring about as much uniformity as possible In her dealings with the British people. Ono fears becoming wearisomo in tho presentation of evi dence in favor of irore co- operation in emigra tion. This week I had a call from Rev. . Atkinson, who is now spending a year in Great Britain, and chiefly in tho northern counties, and tho Lowlands of Scotland. Mr. Atkinson was for 21 years a minister of the Methodist Church of New South Wales, and is well known in Sydney, Newcastle, and a number of tho coun try districts. He is setting a bright example to tho Australian visitor by taking an activo part in preaching tho Gospel of Australia to the young Britisher. And as Mr. Atkinson has an excellent grip of tho practical sido of country ... _ > 4 1 1 « n nr»rcnn«5?vf» Jlle in AUOLiifcllrt, l»UU £» - speaker, ho is doing a lot of good for Us about tho Border. Liko every other Australian who comes here, he has been disappointed to find the general ignorance that exists about the Commonwealth; but he speaks hopefully ot the keen interest which the people show in the country when It is brought under their notice. "It is all a matter of advertising," he says. "Australia must advertiso nnd advertise. Sho can get any quantity of the best kind of people if she will only mako herself known, and give assistance where it is needed. But ilrst of all somo effort should be mado on tho part of tho States to como together and mnke a single, un divided appeal to the emigrant. In the north I hear of Canada— Just Canada— I seldom hear of a particular Canadian State. But I do not hear about Australia; I hear about New South Wales, and Queensland, and West Australia. We do want a concerted action, nnd this could be done without any infringement of tho rights ot any ono of tho States. Tho advertising, in my opinion, should be extended along tho pre sent lines; that is, it should be carried out en tirely by the Commonwealth, and as far as prac ticable tho Inducements to emigrants in tho way of cheap steamship passages should be the- same. Up where I have been, in tho North of England, the emigration agent has been very busy in re- oent years, but there are still plenty of farm laborers and farmers of the best sort." By the way, Mr. Atkinson is among tho Aus tralians who are up in arms about Mr. Foster Fraser'e book, and its reflections upon tho moral standard of tho people ot the Commonwealth. "I am quite satisfied," he declares, "after spend- IU5 O U 144 42 111 AS V U5I V| MUU UUOV I > I li£ 4UU Ul U1 UIB of the Home people, and particularly ot the city people, that the moral tone of life in Australia is quite equal to, if not in advance of, what I have observed here. 1 have been horrified at what I have seen In London. Take, for exam ple, the way in which the women In the poorer quarters drink in the hotels. And not only in the hotels, but outside on the pavement. A couple of years ago the children were taken In side. Now they mkst be left outside, and so the liquor is carried out by the mothers and consumed In the public street. Talk about Aus tralia!" VICTORIA AND IMSIIGRATION. It is difficult to estimate the number of emi grants which will he secured by the Victorian delegation. Messrs. Mead and M'Kcnzie have now visited about 35 centres of the 50 on their list. They estimate that up to the present they have addressed 1000 applicants, and that of these about 30 per cent, were eligible to par ticipate in the scheme. They are offering land at a 3 per cent, deposit, and steamship pas- uju jrUb a 20 pec cent, deposit, to ail classes J. ot agriculturists. To the farm laborer they are offering a 20 per cent, passage and a two-acre allotment. As an additional inducement they promiso that the Victorian Government will build houses upon easy terms of payment upon tho blocks. With so much to bold out to the emigrant, Victoria will probably expect a bigger response. It must bementioned, too, that very few of these eligibles aro certainties. Tho ap proved applicants continue to fight shy of tho ussisted passages, and although tho great majority of them bavo expressed their inten tion to proceed to Victoria, it may bo taken for granted that a lot will never make the trip. It is feared that Victoria will not get more than 250 settlers, including tho laborers for the two-aero blocks, out ot this mission. Of courso others will doubtless follow, nnd now that tho State has started on an active policy of immi gration, it will probably follow up this demon stration and establish an efficient emigration branch at the Agent- General's office. Tho State was certainly ill-advised in embarking upon so expensive and ambitious a scheme without the existence of an emigration staff in London. In the hands of the New South Wales agency a delegation such as this would have yielded 250 settlers many times over. It is now settled that the delegation will do no work on the Conti nent. Mr. Mead and Mr. M'Kcnzie wero not allowed to work in Italy, and preliminary steps also proved necessary in Denmark. Freo literature about the scheme is to bo translated into Danish and freely distributed lurougn too emigration agents mere and in Italy, which has the matter under considera tion gives her consent, the same course will I understand be adopted there. Mr. Elwood Mead, who has just returned from Denmark was surprised to find in various places there tho advertising literature of Now South Wales and West Australia. The New South Wales agency began in Denmark some months ago, when Mr. Covers went over and paved the way. A LESSON FROM DENMARK. Mr. Mead came back from Denmark very enthusiastic about tho agricultural practices of tho country. Ho thinks that when Austra lia farms like Denmark, it will be one of tho wealthiest lands In tho world. The' peasantry are nearly all freeholders, and arc much more prosperous and better housed and fed than tho majority of the poasants on tho Continent. A Jittlo agricultural school embracing 32 acres appealed particularly to his liking. It was cut up into a number of small model farms, each of which is run to demonstrate how the most money may be made from farms of the same size. The wholo institution is owned and con trolled by a number of small peasant holders. One of the farms contained only five acres, and everything on it from tho house to the live stock, was devised as the most fitting and pro fitable that could be possessed by any farmer owning five aces. It contained a herd of six cows, which were, however, only one source of tho revenue. Mr. Mead was shown exactly what the returns were from an extended period, both gross and not. A larger farm containing IS acres was worked on similar lines. The pea- sants. who established the school, attended classes there at various seasons of the year. The men and the boys went during the winter months, while in the summer it was open to women and girls. The girls were taught farm practices, and also sewing, cooking, and bookkeeping. The outstanding feature of the place was that It not only taught farmers the best agricultural practices, hut that It showed them to a penny what these practices produced. Tltey were enabled, by comparing the returns from their own little farmo with the returns of this school farm to tell Just where their own practices might be improved. Mr. Mead in a conversation 1 had with him this morning, referred also to the existence of other colleges, attended by the sons of richer people, which appeared to be somewhat similar to the Dookle and llawkesbury Colleges. GOOD ADVERTISING. Mr. F. C. Covers, the officer in charge of emi gration at the New South Wales office, is at the present time engaged in supplementing the ad vertising literature of the State by the prepara tion Ot hlLItdy little >«/.h <t<mttng with ono of tho State's particular industries. Tho second of theso has just appeared, and takes dairying for its subject. Simply and ef fectively written, well illustrated, and printed on good paper, tho pamphlot makes a striking appeal to both the farm-laborer and the farmer possessed of a little capital. It also, and'very properly, holds out sound inducements to the married man with a family, who is suitablo for entering upon dairying on shares. This little series escapes tho fault of too much of the Aus tralian advertising material, which is to place an oxccsslvo amount of matter In ono publica tion. Every industry and every branch of work should be set out In its own handy pamphlet, and Mr. Govors is doing this in nn excellent manner. Tho first one of the series, dealing with wheat in New South Wales, convoys to tho British miller much information about tho su perior milling qualities of the product. 