MILK CONTROL SOCIETIES. GERMAN METHODS. FOOD AND MILK YIELDS. A uniform effort should be made in Victoria to establish a system of milk testing to assist the dairyman, and also to give .more information on the ques- tion of feeding cows. The object should be to induce producers to keep better cows and to feed them judi ciously. In recent years an attempt has been made, with some success,, to introduce into Germany the Danish methods c.f "milk control." According to an, in quiry made by the German Agricultural Society, there were at the end of 1908 some 207 control societies in operation, representing 3005 members and 88,296 cows, or about 15 members and 425 cows to each society. The object of these societies is, briefly, to enable the farmer, by a sys tem of milk-testing, combined with the keeping of careful records, to check the yield of each cow in his herd, with a view to the elimination of those which appear unprofitable. The system adop ted is to employ; a young man to visit the farms of members at regular inter vals and weigh and record the milk yield and other particulars. These young men sire commonly far mers' sons who have had some training at a dairy school, and undertake the work as a means of gaining experience. They receive a small salary (L30 to L50), with travelling expenses and free board . and lodging at the farms they visit. Their work is generally super vised by some of the officials belonging to a neighboring breeding society or winter school. The milk yield of each cow, and its fat content, is ascertained by the tester, or if there is an institution close by where milk testing is done, samples may be sent to it, instead of being tested on the spot. When the animals are stall-fed a record is kept of the amount of food used, and a scale is adopted for adjusting the quantity of food to the milk yield. The records of the milk-yield thus ob tained are found to be of the greatest assistance in improving the breed of cattle, and in many cases this may be said to be the main object. The herd- book societies work in conjunction with the control societies, the bulk of the members belonging to both, and the re cords of the cows are entered in the herd-books. This is to some extent a new development, as when these socie ties were first instituted in Denmark they aimed more particularly at im proving the average milk yield of a herd by telling the farmer what each individual cow was giving, with a view to unsatisfactory animals being weeded tbisaspeet of the matter lias resulted in a close bonneedbn being, formed in recent years, both in Denmark and in Germany; between the societies for milk control and the hejd-bopk sncie- : The benefit of records of this kind in the case of pedigree stock was recog nised in Germany at a much Earlier /date in the case of the Allgauer Herd- book Society, which has carried out systematic milking tests 'of its pure bred cows since 1894. In 1907 about 500 cows were being, tested in this. way. The. cost is borne by the Society, which- employs several officers for the purpose, who visit each farm once a fortnight and record the milk yield. A sample is also, taken, and sent to the experiment station at Memmingen to be tested. The total production and the fat-content thus ascertained are entered in the herdrbook, the year's production being reckoned from eleven days After calv ing till the yield falls below 4% lb. of milk daily. The milk tester keeps a record for each cow, so that the owner ! knows exactly the condition of his j herd. , j The Shire Horse Society of England i has complied with a request from the ; Department of Agriculture, and author- j ised Professor Penberthy, its senior j veterinary inspector, to examine any ; Shire horses about to be exported to : Victoria. Dr. Cameron has made a similar request to other British socie ties. This arrangement will be a con venience to importers of stud horses, because they will be assured of the soundness of purchases in England, and will avoid the risk of having stallions rejected after their arrival. Certificates issued by Professor Penberthy, or on behalf of any of the societies that may accede to the request of the department, will be accepted, and there will be no necessity for further examination when a stallion arrives in Victoria. A circular has been received from the Central Immigration Board, London, setting forth: — "That this board, hav ing heard of the proposed training farms for worthy British lads to be es tablished at Sydney, heartily acknow ledges the generosity of the donors, and thanks the Lord Mayor of Sydney and Professor Anderson Stuart for their strenuous endeavor. That this board heartily accepts the offer of the Victo rian Government to train and plant i out 50 British lads each year, and de- i sires to send to each committee in Aus tralia and New Zealand formed to fur- j ther the cause of training farms for j British lads having good character and j physique to be trained, either at home or on the oversea State of the Empire; for work-on tiie land. The Victorian Go- i vernment has officially promised to find for fifty respectable boys every year | openings in which they will be able to | gain rural experience. 0 | Additional cultivation of the soil so | as to promote extra root growth and therefore greatly to Increase the yield, is being pursued in Russia, It has been tried with advantage at the Govern ment Experimental Farm at Cape Colony. It has for generations been i the practice in India, where it is diffi- > cult for tihe poor man to obtain fer tilisers, and where labor is cheap, to depend largely on increased cultivation for the increase of the crop yield. The land .is frequently turned over three or four times before the seed is put in. In the course of the experiments at the Cape ; it was found . that additional ! ploughing enormously increased the re sults. In one instance a crop of oats, for which the ground was ploughed once, gave 15 bushels to the acre. A similar plot, ploughed four times, | yielded at the rate of over 75 bushels. | i Experiments with wheat and barley I showed results similarly striking. 