Commissioners in the Lockyer. SPEECHES AT THE LAIDLEY SBANQUL?T'. AUSTRALIA'S NEED OF AGILICUL TURAL LABOURERS. SIR CABRLAW MARTIN ON SCIENZ TIFIC EDUCATION. CANADIAN AND AUSTRALIAN IMMIGRATION, (By Our Special Representative.) The members of the Scottish Agri cultural Commission, as already rE ported, were entertained at Mr. Danu. Neylan's Empire Rotel, Laidly, on Thursday night, by the Laidlcy Town Council and the Laidley Shire Coun cil. The gathering afforded an oppor tunity for the CormlNissioners to be coranme acquainted with some of the pioneer settlers in tihe for-famedod Lock yer district. The desire of thie Cormnissioners to mix with the people and to lears sometthiig of the country from a first-hand acquaintance of it is ap parent. The two typical spoechies at e.t Laidley gatheri?lg were those of Cr. John Cook (Chairman of the Queenslnnd Farmers' Co-opernative Dairy Company, Limiteod), nnt Sir T. Carlaw Martin (the lead-r of tbhe ~Com mission). What Australia has to say io Scotlend was well summarised in Hr. Cook's speer : what Seotlael has to say to Anlstralia was : em odidt in -ir Carlaw's- r?et3. l?tr. Cook is typie ,of lthe tteiwel,?i tfsitlll, iel lth. land, who huae virh.td his wa-y op from the begitninre, an, whlt ktows vtat he is talking alucot. q-hb- wtare a dozen sir ot tf raet' itt the room wsho are 'it (lie sate? eat agosr', and who coeld ha\e said what he said with equal sinterity. Hie hoan au with a statitmet. 1ihat was at one a truthful one, and, a~ the same time, a compliment to the visitors--namely,. that Scotchmen invariably made good colonists. Some of those in the Lock yer, he pointed out, came there whens the land was largely unoccupied, and was worth only a ?ew shillings per acre. At the present time the value of thie best lucerne land in the fertile Loekyer valleys had gorm up to £25 or £30 an acre. The one drawback that had to br faced now was tlhe difficulty of getting suticiclnt reliable labour. Tihe State was losing thou sands of pounds on that account. Ag ricultural production would bie greatly inereased if the farmer could get more lanbour to do tle work on the farm. What the country neededl, M1r. Coolk emphasised, was young men from Scotland or elsewhere who stero pre pared to take agricultural work, and he hIoped that. when the Commuission ers issued their report, it would be an incintive to many such dcsirahl immigrants to tern their e3es to Queensland; Sir T. Carlaw Martin, in relplying, daid he did not think that, if young Scotchmen came hlere, they would en tirely sol-e the labour diflculty, be cause they would very soon want to get land of their oawn. The applause which folliaed this emark indicated that thie assemlcy would be only too pleased to see the farm labourer of to-day become the farm-owner of to-aorroo The reat rovalue of Sir. Carlaw Mltin's speech, howrer, lay in his quiet but pungent observations regarding the direct connction be tween scientific research and success ful farming. The Danish farmen , he averred, made a serious study of his business. Science was studied in the Danish schools 'it was followed up in the rural colldges and agricultural in stitutions, and sientific theories were put in practice in farming work and in the oi.ganisatihn of rural industries. A similar feature was recognised, by the Comenissioners, in Canada, whero the farmers were in close association with the professor~s. That is a lesson that a young country like Australia may take to heart. It wnas a testi mony to thie growth of the tnoper ance sentirment that Sir Carlas fnlart tie's remark that the Canadians had made up their minds to be a sober nation, was cordially approved. While disolaiming that the Commissioners were immigration agents, the leader of the Commission expressed the hone that the result of what they might say in their report would have the effect of directing some of the over flow population of Scotland towards~ Australia. The general impression produced was that Sir Carlaw far tin's speech was that of a thoughttul, mtellicent, and eonsaelentious man. PENETRATING LUCERNE-ROOTS. Professor Greig furnished the hum our of the evening with~ one or two delightfnl stories. One of these was prompted by the frequent re ferences to lucerne-growing in the Lockyer. His story was sabout a Queenslander who had gone to Scot land and was in a district whereo boring operations for coal were in progress. The borers came ueon some rooty vegetable matter which puzzled them to identity. An ap peal was made to the Queenslander. Looking intently at the substnnce ihe said, "Why, that's the roots of our Oueensland lucerne coming through!" The company roared. ABOUT IMIMIGRATION. After the banquet and the singing of "Auld Lang Syne" some of the Commissioners, although they had come all the way from the Roma district by tram, did not feel too tired to enjoy a chat with old Lockyer identities. From one of the Commissioners a few general qbeerva tions about immigration were gathered. Canada, he pointed out, had been longer at the work of attracting immigrants than Austra lia had been, and she was getting a continuous stream of people lot' the old land. The best advertise utaet ever sent out by the Cana- dians was the announcement of a free gift of 160 acres of land. That was rendered possible in accordance with the railway policy of giving alternate blocks of land to the immi grant as a means of promoting rail way trafflic. The voyage to Canada from Great Britain took only six days, and mn another four days the immigrant could be in the heart of the prairie, and at work. In every centre in Scotland there wero. lecturers wilthg,vans and 'with lantern-salidee, lure ing people to go to Canada; and complete arrangements were made for welcoming new arrivals when they got there. This was the work which Aus tralia would have to take in hand it she desired it to le kiown that site Wanted immigrants, and that she had good prospects to offer them. The Commissioners seem to make it a point not to commit themselves to comparisons before they have seen the country thoroughly, and have done the whole of their work. But this Commissioner was quite prepared to admnit that, from -lhat he had alreads seen of Gueensland, he was satisfied that the immigrant here would have equally as good a chance as the im migrant in Canada. "It might he a better chance," he added, "but it cer tainly would not be a worse one. Pro- bably it would be a hetter one." For the present he was content to leave the matter at that. 