THE RUSH TO CANADA. G'ROWTII OF AMERICAN TOWNS. 'Australialis have no conception ot the Way in iwhich Canada is developing her lands,' saijd'vMiv S.i 10. Lees. ex-Loi'd Mayor of Sydney, . who.' arrived from the East l.y the Japanese steamer Kuniano Marti on Wednesday, aftcV nino months, mostly in Europe aind America. 'Tho Canadian Paci fic railway alone lias been negotiating with an A/Tjmcricatt syndicate to sell thein 9*50,000 wires of land., ITho syndicate will irrigate it, cut it up, and sell it in farms on easy terms. The ICanadlan Pacific Railway it self is Jdoing tlio sattiio thing la' other parts. They put down irrigtiition works, and sell the freehold over an easy ter,nn . of years. Why, Rlegina — wh-icli is an old ranch that they havo lately cut up — is going to be a jrea.t city-. Tlio -streots have not been lov ellod jiet. , people iwalk. along, a' raised1 plat form of boards at tho. sido until tho street is mado. ? But thoy have tho whole plan, of tho 01 ty laid' down! before they build it. 'Nino years ago- Soattlo, in the United Statics, had a' population of 0000. Now it -has 250,000. 'Australians have not the romo.tost idea of tTio way in which people arc pouirin-g lin'to Ajnoricn', not only at New York, but at Boston and a do/en other big citlos. !A-morifcans .told fino that 'thoy realis ed it was their salvat'ioii.. The normal in crease of the negroes is faster than that of tho -wilvitcs, aiwl thevigii-elat safeguard against the blacks is tMs htipje immigration' of Eu ropeans. It . was interesting to ', find tliat tlhey \yevo guarding j aglaihst the danger , of black Wmerica by immigration. 'Tho Candafans; have, ,iii cutting' u» their lawd', a groat advantage over ns hi' their bij* rainfall, and their snow-fed; rivers for irrigation. The ; water alone ' which is drawn a.way from' Niagara- for the electric power plant, after thoy iiavO finished with it, comcs out in a. volume such as , you cannot seo in Australia. Tlioy aro working rail iwli.ys 180 miles to1 the south- and tramways 80 indies to tho north lit Canada from the Niagara Falls. 'I walked' through Swift's meat works In Chicago for a mile and- a half up und down, and then J had not got to tho end. Thorp was nothing, of the 'Jungle'' about it. The place was very clean. Tiio wages, us , far as I know, wiero good. And not an atom of the beasts thoy kill goes to -waste. Wh f.n. thoy gut tho meat a. man stands there, and pitches the heart into- one hole in the floor', itho livor into onotlher, the hoHns into an other, nindso on. -Thlnro's a roceptaclo for every part of tho bull'ock, and a use for every bit. They even make soup — common ixnd Rorfumed'— Vjut of tlioso bullocks. 'An unskilled labourer in America gets as m'lich as 10s, but 8s hero would- go as far ns 10s in- America. London is a far cheaper place for oitlinary living than America, I. havo scon good Australian moot sold in a London market at 8jd and 'l^d a. lb. You oouldn't got it for tli'at in Australia. And then you goto anotlior place and see thorn selling rabbits at 9d each. 'Loudon is -being woridorfuny: improved. Somo of tho suburbs aro magnificent. Wo ?do not use our privileges hero In Sydnoy as wo ought. Wo ha.ve such amplo chances tlmti wo aro lotting thorn slip. Other cities aro rushing oil improvements, Their million aims arc not slow to .eflvo monoy to the im nrovonient of 'the cities in other count»riCH. In New Yovl- tho Hivcrsido Brivo is to ^ ho increased* Tn ITongUonj? they have a watcr' si-ie drive Ihrco-nuartors of the way round Mr. Lees wns exceedingly struck . by tlio steo of the Now York ferries. . lhB' , Pas- sengers from tho.uppoiv docks ,'ind tbe., lowei docks as well do not have to cr^yV xip a , gn mg way , ' ' he ; said. 'They walk straight alo'ng n. dock down n tmp In tlio und ,ot it on to tho ' street whoro the street cars aro. Tho ferries havo beautifully fitted saloons. The train ferries—' both at. Ale any and-, at Holslngfors in Norway— on to which-, tno C.'P.'R. nnd tlio Danish trains run, and. . nio chained down for. tlio crossing, m e Junt l ko our North .Shoro, forr.y-;- just inavoo, only many Hmos ^blggoi v' v f1^ ViVn? are automatically raised to1 any ^-11 *t that ?rr^uiv«l. The 'crossing _at.HolHlngiors takes about half an wnst co plenty of sen to roll' : In - sometimes. , Im naiw'nu-ers in thoso forrlbs can- got-^iut and 'wX about during tho , crossing. JJoro ^ men to shine vour boots if you w'ant thorn. '.'T found- that! tlio Atiioidcans all' Tookcn on Sydnov as tlio pltoco wlVow thpIr ficot re^Uul' Its best -wclconio. Thoir 1;oys seem '-- ha\o ,,.ndo H out so. Thev lmoWVa. great deal moro of 'Aiistrnlla tho'n thoy, used-thoy looki v.}* . strSirM^ir ' praise ill at I' think P etvoi' sn,w wrll l-.i-cn. I h .v said' it was one which praise was fu,tilo. Tho woiiv u. t.' W'^nJa'mn when0'! was there a telegram (0 000 ions Of Japanese coal, and wi\?t Kr.ont »ctivit- in ,,n' y loading co'nl.' ^ . Tt, is oxpected thnt a good (leal of confusi'.n ] Ml nbiee, on the Federal nolling flay in Queensland, owing to tbe mullipiieit.V of issues. Floct ors will bo nslced to vote for Candida es for tlio Senate, nnd the Homo 'i, ^VornVion tivoH. also on tho referendnnl on . i of tbe Constitution iu regard to MTtw tlio Rtnio dohi.H^ and nlno m i booth on t he State question of Bible reading In ischoolHi 