VlCTÓRrÁN IMMIGRATION >nSSTON. LONDON, Anglist 31. Thc .Victorian residents in Ixmdrm cn < tertained Messrs. Mackenzie and Mead, the VlHorian irrigation delegation, st a banquet last nicht. VíscKnmt GoscJicn presided. There were 150 present, ineJiid inj» many leading ooninieneial mea, finan- cier», and merchant*. LOXDOK, f*|)ten\bPT 1. Amonjr those present were Sir diaries Lucas, hiad of the Dominion Department of the Colonial Oflice, tlie Hi/rh Cominis sioncr for Australia (Sir George- Reid), the Agent-General for Qiirenaliind (Rh-Thomas Robinson), the Agent- General for Stroth Australia (IV Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick), Senator ,t. H. MT oil (Victoria), Mr. R. C. Hare. (Secretary to Ute Western Austin linn Agwiey), Mr. T. .7. Russell, mid Slr. NíVihOll. " Viscount Goschen »aid Hull ltritain wel- comed (Iii' delegation mid did (tot grudge ¡I dir iuuiiijiiunl« it Iud obtained, wiur iJicy would luster (lie imperial «pirit uniAiig all classes of Australia. Sir .Tolm Cockburn, cx-Ajp'»i<-ticinanl for Soirth Australia, in proposing tbe loiust of tile «ruosts, said that they were eiignfled in Hie iiuj>crial mission of solving thc problem of a<ljus(meiit of the palliation ol the empire. MT. .M'Keiir/ic, in responding, wiid Unit thc press, Hie jK-ojdc. und tl»? inilboritioe in Hrilnin had wclciuiicd tlie uVIe<<n.t4un most generously. No suggestion lind been made tluit they were robUiifr Britain ni lite Dower of il« manhood. Hie fiut Hui. Britain inuku-tcd sixty |>er emt nf luci foodstuffs, of which Australia sent only three per «Mit, justified Uie delegation. Mr. Mureil .Men«) said that Victoiin Mould lie satisfied with tine niilnlier ot higli-ihnraeteiod, thrifty, energetic ag« ciilliuisls, the nrssion had secured. Iii ompJinrti.si'd tJic importance of fostering small holdings, mid instanced large yields from erm». Thc luceme grower of Ans tralla to-day would, he declared, bc tlie banker of Australia in (he next genera lion. The dairymen who had been selected Would soon ruiikcVictorian butteras weJJ known as Danish, by enabling Aw! raiin to supply Britain throughout tin1 year. Thc Agent-General for Victoria (Sir J. WV Taverner) insisted on »h" a', n ? of rivalry betiveen Hie Au i;-..hro:i states and the other oversell dominion.; in imimyju tion. <m Slr. Clialcston. Vicc-Wosidoint of tho London Chamber of Commerce, Sir Jolui Bingluun (ShefiieJd), and thc lion. J. M. Pratt, M.LC. (Victoria) als** »poke. 