Immigration ? : — ♦ ? The Premier of ? New -South' Walesc 'seems to have become' greatly rnjdig;-. nent at the statement made' by , Coiint' '? Morner (Swedish. Consul), concerning immigration to Australia. He is also wrathful because tb.e Dan ish Ministry of Foreign Affairs feublished the following:— 'As inquiries regarding the stai;e of ?' affairs in Australia and New Zeal /and are ad dressed to the Ministry of Foreign 'Affairs .from day to day/-, the Minis try points ? outrtjiat as ''the .difficulties' for emigrants to subsist 'in tTioIe 'Coun- tries have latterly largely increase'dy Danes in search of employment,: are earnestly., dissuaded from going to the country named.' Mr. Wade strongly resents the warning^ ajid states that no country in the worfld to-day offers a better field for ibe industrious work er than New South Wales, especially for. agricultural or rural laborers wil ling to go into -country districts. ?'There is,' adds. \Mr. Wade, 'prac- tically no unemployed in the State' at the present time;;but there is a huge unsatisfied demand for agricultural and domestic labor at remunerative wages. Since igo6, New South Wales assisted 14,009 immigrants, the .Gov ernment guaranteeing work for agri culturalists and domestic servants, and nlacinjr them in. satisfactory employ ment the day cfi landing.' Count Morner , in an address at the Swedish Clulb, hit out right and left, and criticised . those who had written or spoken, against him without having Yead one word of what he had writ ten. After ' declaring that he had written to Mr. Wade, asking him to apologise, but had not received a re ply, Count Morner said: 'Three years vxo, both, the Premier and Dr. Arthur approached me with requests that I should help them to get immigrants from Sweden. ''To both I said that I had been only a little while in Aus tralia. 'But my experience! forced me to tell them that I must resist every effort they made to get people from my country.' Because the co'urageyu.' Consul told the truth to his own Gov ernment, which published a wa rnin r *?' Swedes, he has been subjected to much abuse and misrepresentation. In the present civcumstance.s; nn immigration system is largely a\ delu sion and a' snare ? Australia -.wants. immigrants,' arid it wants' them badly. But the- supreme need is opening; 'up the landl'' We rsjiould satisfy the want of. our jown people,;befor'e :We. cater for those- 'who li v-£ Vtfve'r Seas. -Australia has plenty of land for tens of thbus^r..:, of immigrants, . but the land is not available for the people. The first duty is to break the back of .land mon opoly,, and until holders sell .their un used areas to appease the land hun^'-i, is it fair or is it ^honest ^ofte^ta;; people to Australia from aftroaU.? --TKes man who is brought to Australia on the pretence that there is plenty of land available for him to settle on has been cruelly, wronged. 'There are,' says Count Morner, :'a lotTof stranded immigrants in Sydney., and Melbourne '— these octopus cities, which are seek ing blood and souls. The statesman who believes that- ancisarriigfa'ti6n pol i;v only consists of how to get tieopUy here . is no .statesman. ':'And -§ s|u,cK statesmanship will,' at least in Glad stone's England, awake only horror and disgust.' The electors of Mac quarie, and particularly ,of Bathurst, know that his statement is absolutely hue. And-theXabor Party, wh:ch is si riving hard to remedy the gred ml of land monopoly, certainly de-i m;-. v.ell at .their; hands. ;??; ~; ' m '?' i'! 