MELBOURNE GOSSIP: (FEOM OUII UOESESPONCENI ) .. Fiom time to time -very severe stric tures have been passed up6n Australians who dared, to tell tbe world at large few unpleasant truths about the position of affairs in the great South Land. Such conduct was unpatriotic nud the parrot cry of stinking fish party was at once raised. Singular to say, however, not one word of this kind Is now said when it IB found that speecbcs by the: Labor lenders of New South Wales are responsible for the. warnings issued by the Swedish nnd Danish governments to their people against emigrating to Australia when they have been dietiuctly told by the Labor party that they are not wanted. Instead of reprobating the makers of tinse speeches, who after all spoke truth, ihe Swedish and" Danish coneai s wbo did their duty to their own guvernmenis arid people seemed to be £ lamed sir Robert Best, we are told, r b (i of tha codbu1b who ^ T u T H I S Btatemrnls of Mr Holman, A.,- that .mm.grants to Austraha werc deluded by lying promises though strong, were largely justified by actual f»cts. What required by birBobert Best, Mr Deakin; Mr Murray, and others, who talk 60 largely about prosiot log imniigratiou, b" less'vaporing and not more, but some real action,. We .have yet to wako a start with bur Immigration p aj,' y,- So far, all that has been done is to t4y ird personal folbwers of certain iniotera with fat advcrtieeinents and oth er bonuses; Daring the last few weeks there has +bournfe. This, of course, is largely due *> performance of the yoUng South Melboui nitfl, I rank Beaurepaire, has gone on wiomng championships breaking records and arousing general enthtiBiasiu which, however, seems as yet insufficient to Droiduce tbe comparatively email amount te<iuired to send him to the I, Athena »ompetitionS' Even a thrilling AaurepWs gallant reecuf from drowning of a man who fell oyer beard near Geeloog did not trir the pub lie, the news bein^ received with a grin and a wink of tbe o'.heteye-/ That Beau repaire would prove a worthy represen tative of VictoriM in this direction there can be no doubt, and the money will yet doubtless be raised. • By the way, Ino. tice that the 45th Christmas morning handicap of the Serpentine Swimming Ciubin Hyde Paik had to be postponed. Half .a hundred of the competitors turned up, but the ice was too thick about the diving board. This is tbe tenth time t postponement has occurred, the last oc casion being twelve years ngo, while in 1892 there were no less than five postonements. IJow would~ our. St. Hilda <eanders like swimming pools of that kind? While we are repeatedly told if what big _ works Canada;-and the United States are doing in the way of attracling agrl culturalisls from Britain tbe marvel to me has always been that the representa tares of Australia at home make no real effort to point out to possible emigrants from the home lands, the superior ad van - tagea of ^Australia. Tbe distance is certainly greater, but onc$ arrived in Australia tbe 6etller has great advantages over lusoou^ineln America, For several months in the year, while'the soil is frostbound, work is practically impossible in America, and in summer the heat is so « ven i M he ^ l ^ h ! ! ^ die off like flies. A few weeks back we heard of scores of people being struck down daily in New YorkVith the intense summer heat. . Now the cables of the papers record deaths from intense cold and tne severe blizzards that are "blowing. Farther north Toronto aqd Montreal, the ttwo w ° principal cities . in Canada, whose ^PU^.on is less than that of Melboume.are being decunated hy t 0,d I ^ * ^tnety-f our cases in five >#beks is Toronto's rccord with a population of 200,000. i The late - Sir . Geor«e . Watson - was for | ^any years the ^ster of the Melbourne | ^unl clu b> and both he and bis family identifi^ " U^ h^^g a n . d racm "' % lsa ? f *{ M.ss Watson has J : taken upon herself the oace of hon | ZT^Fi.^H^i's master. Miss Watson is a sportswoman bredt and born. Her father was Mr Robert Watson, who for more than half a century, was master of the Carlonr . hounds, and her brother was the late Mr j 0h n Watson, master of the Meatbs, and a f amoas riolo player, 