How the World Wags His Eminence Cardinal Forrara celebrated the jubilee of his episcopal consecration in April. , - 1 # # * * The statistical returns of the 'Wesleyan and Primitive Methodist Churches in Great Britain for last year show a falling-oft! in church membership. . i Cardinal Gibbons called at the White House on April 0, and it was said he had been sent for b,y President Taft. 'My call,' he said, 'had nothing' to do with the incident nt Home. The incident was 'casually men tioned. The President »»\r.f6faf:ed his regret and I exprescsd mine. It was a matter of mutual regret.' ? ? ? ? The Holy Father- has sent £400 to Archbi shop Lang'evin for the Ruthenian missions in the dioceses of St. Boniface, St. Albert, mid Prince Albert in Western Canada*. Am ongst the new immigrants in what was for merly .the Lone. Land aro groat numbers of ttutlionian Uniates. They aro now served in many places by Basilian Fathers of their own rito and language. The presence of those priests is duo to the good olFicos of the Emperor Francis .'Joseph and the Archbishop of Lemborg, who havo boon visited on sepa ' rate occasions by Bishop Pascal of Prince Albert and Father Lacombo, O.Mi.I. #' «-? i ? ** The Eight Bov. Bishop Barbieri, Vicar Aposlolio of Gibraltar, has die;! of .'pneu monia. Ho was born at Siena in 183(5, and hns boon a Titular Bishop and Vicar Apos tolic of Gibraltar since 1.901. The Protestant and Jewish communities wore represented in tho funeral cortege, wlijch included the Ciovonior of Gibraltar and a large contingent of troops. , . «?' * . ? ? the Most Eev. Dr. McCormaelc, Bishop of (ialway, by his will bequoath.ed £50 to his executors for the poor of Gal way, 4ifi0 to tho Suiioi'lor of tho RodemjVtorist. Monastery, 81;. Patrick's, EsUor, for Massos for tho ro poso of his soul; £20 each to his executors for Masses for. tho roposo of his soul; £500 to his executors in trust for St. Patrick's Catholic Church, Galway. Ho left tho rosidue of his estate to Most Bov. Dr. O'Doa, Bi shop of Galway, to bo expended by him in cluiritablo works in tho dioebsos of Galway, Kilmiicdviagh, and Kilfonora. * ? ? ? * * « Grave of Robert the Bruce. A visitor to Edinburgh makes a double pro lost in tho 'Scotsman' against tho memo ? rial brasses in St. Gilos' Cathedral in Edin burgh, and tho way tho grave of Robert, tho Bruce in 'treated.' In St. Giles', tho visitor writes, thoy eohimomorato dopartod worthies by brass plates, which run at you tho mo ment you entor the door. In Dunfennline Abbey you have to search uudor tho pulpit for the grave of Robert tho Bruce I Tho brasses in St. Giles' betoken nice feeling, however inartistic they may be, but it is a national outrage that the heritors of Duu fermline should, in order to save themselves trouble, or expense, have planted tho pulpit of the parish church on the grave of tho Liberator of Scotland. * * # » Women as 'Immortals.' Tho French Academy is exercised somewhat over the question of the admission of women under the 'Cupola.' M. Emile Fnguot con siders it 'deplorable' that women should 1)0 excluded. MM, Eugene Brieux and Jules Charette would view the admission of ladies with equanimity. M. Paul Hervieu would favour a proposal to admit them as a kina of associate, but M. Maurice Hervieu is loss gallant, and ho suggests that there are enough women of talent to found two Academies, and ho hints that they should do so. From other opinions obtained it would seem that tho admission of women will, at all events, bo postponed for some time. In any cjr cumstances, we believe, the suggested chango could only be accomplished by legislation. # a * # Taxing Titles. The fact that titles in England aro sold, and thai; there is ,a peerage market, is well known to everyone in public life, and has recently been publicly stated by Lord Lyve don, who, in the most public and direct man ner, accused Mr. Halfour of tho sale of poei ages, tho money thus acquired being devoted ? to party funds. If titles aro bought, there 1 scorns no reason why a tax should not be j imposed on the holders of those 'honours.' ( Mr. .Tames Martin, ' M. P., has been recently advocating this proposal, which has como into operation in France and Spain. In ; Spain a ducal title is taxed at the rate oil £1200 a year. Some dukes stylo themselves . plain aenors to escape the tax, and tho titles can always be renewed when tho holders are willing to pay the tax. Titles in France have boon taxed since 1.900, tho annual rev duo-- from this source being about ;UU2,0OO. Foreign holdors of Spanish titles have to pay for the privilege of using them in Spain.. A French nobleman, who is also a grruuTeu of Spain, attended the coronation of Alfonso XIX, and was awarded tho precedence due to the latter rank. A claim for £1200 was prosentcd to him, which he, after some mani festation of reluctance, paid. * ? # ? # * What is a Gentleman? A movement has boon instituted with a view to making 'esquires' provo their title to that designation; that thoro should bo, in fact, nn official list of 'osquirea ' Blaelc stone tolls us that it is a matter soinowhafc unsottlod as to what constitutes the distinc tion, and who is a real osquiro. The title of 'gontlonwwi' is still -more indefinite. 'As for. r gentlemen,'' ho writes, with u-doliciouH quotation from Sir Thomas Smith, 'thoy bo made good cheap in this '.Kingdom; for whosoever studioth tho laws of tho roulni, \ who studioth in the Univorsitios, who pro- . fess(u)h in liberal sciences, and, to bo short, ; who'can livo .idly and without manual labour. ] and will boar tho port, charge and counton- j anco of a gontlomaii, ho shall bo callod 'Mas ter,' and taken for a gentleman.' Mr. Glad- c stone was sternly reproved for describing tho classes ''against the masses as 'the idle and lounging members of society;' if bo had ^ only callod thorn gentlemen with Black stone's definition of tho term, ho would havo j; oscnpod consviro. \ * * ' * ? |, Tho Bad Baronets. ' li Tho appointment by tho Homo Soorotary of f Mr. By ri'i o, tho Assistant Undor-Socrotary a1 for, tho Homo Dopnrtment, to bo Registrar, t and of Mr. R. 33. Raymond; who Is also an v official in the Homo Oluco, to bo Amis- « tan !;? Registrar oi' tho Bnronotago, shows that t an ofT'orfc has boon mado to purge tho buro- J nota'go of intorlopors, writes a homo iiapov. ]' Tlvo baronotcy is now well in ovidonco in I tho English Dlvorco Ooun. On Friday in J lust avooIc two divorce casos woro hoard by J ,'lustico Bargravo Doano, in ono of which n a burouot was divorced by his wife, while n only a fov? woolcs proviously a baronot 'was « a c'o-rospoudont in an oxtromoly BOinulnious and painful dlvorco miit. If a provision woro 1 mado, by sttntuto or othorwiso, for tho doprl- J vatiou of tho right, title and dignity of a j baronot by ronson of tho crimo of tho holder ; oi; tho tltlo, a bottor worlc would bo ofloofcod tlnui nirinvtmtigutiou no to whoMior gonilo-V inon who aro .commonly known us baronotM luiVo liny right to i.ho title, One bnroiiot 3h , at prosont serving a torm of ImpriHoniuont on conviction for fraud, whilo in tho .(ll'tlos of tho last coutury a baronot, Sir .'lohu Dohiio Paul, author of 'Harmonlos of Scvlp turo. aticl Short Lossons for Young Olu'iH tlaiiH, ' wna convictod of turning illogally to lils own uso Danish bonds o.C tho vnlno of ifi/1000, «nd Hoiitoncod to transportation ,foi' 14 years. # # tt * Rowanl for M. Boatand, Tho French Society 1'or l;ho Proyontlon of Cvuolty to AnimnlH hns coni'orrod on tho glftod wrltor of ^Ohnulioolov' it.H arnnd D1 plonui of Merit in recognition of his having written a play about cocks and hens and other birds and boasts. Stated thus crudely, the award appears ridiculous, but, beyond doubt, what the society looked at was tho fact that such a play as 'Ohanteelor' tends to ninko us regard -the lower animals with kindly feelings, and will probably do move to promote the excellent objects of t)i»» k- cioty than a dozen lectures or a hundred pamphlets. That, at any rate, seems to be the view taken by M. Rostand, who accepts tho honour with gratitude, saying: 'I havo always loved animals passionately, and I am prouder of having never once given one pain tluwi of having once made some ot them balk.' And yet he is properly proud of his $roat play, but if he did not love and un lersiand animals he could never have writ ton it. # * * # Ecclesiastical Lawyers. Tho result of the concursus recently hold before the tribunal of the Sacred Rota has resulted in tho admission of four candidates to the right of holding tho title of advocate to tho occlosiastical tribunals As may bo gathered from the .list nf Mit'ccf-i-M candl dales, a rather intei'iiut huwl aspect is being given to tho collogo of Cf:cl.°sii'hrcal lawyers, for Italy is ropiosoiuud by Rev. Dun Scipiono Pensuii', Archivist Io the £nc.r-d Peniton l -irv, n-'i.l :vov. .1. Cor o, wlio lv»l ? from Ge noa; Spain, by Senor Do Azovado, nephew of Cardinal Cagiano Do Azevado, of the Oa]m chin Order; and Franco, by Poro Colonib. The qualifications exactod by tho examining board for tho title of occlesiastical advocate are of a high standard; the chief being, need less (o say, a profound knowledge of Canon Law.1 * * * * Youthful Logic. Tho little Czarevitch has a groat friend in his orderly, Stopan — a grizzled veteran, who never advanced to higher grado than a corporal. Tho liking for tho orderly has its foundation* in the fact, that through him Aloxis Nikolovitch receives occasionally slices of tho black broad which is served to hho soldiers in tho barracks. When ho says his prayers at night ho always asks a bless ing on Stopan before naming his father or) nother. Wlion chidod for this disrespect by lis mother, ho said: 'But mother, millions if Russians pray for father and you; surely mo prayer for Stopan- can be spared!' # ? * # w America's National Nightmare. Tho Rov. A, P. Doyle, O.S.P.,, Rector of ho Apostolic Mission Houso, Washington, J.S.A., preaching in St. Paul's Church, in hal; city, on March 1.3, tlocjaroA divorce to io 'America's national nightmaro,' ami urnlshod official statistics, showing that di orcos in tho States aro increasing throe iuioH as fast as tho population. 'Thoro ,'oro nearly a million divorcos in tho last 0 years, ''said Fathor Doylo, 'about throo imos as ninny as in tho provions 20 yoars. Mioro aro about 3000 courts, whoso tirno is riiicipally occupied in disrupting tho family Ifo of tho country. Thft Amorlcan pooplo alary 3000 dignified judgos to blackon their air namo among tho nntions of tho oarth, nd bostrow the pathway of progress unto , highor civilisation with tho wrockagos ot 1 million famllios. Tli'ovo aro two olihor na lons that outrank Amorica In this nbomlun ;ioii: one Is Algovla, uudor tho blight of Mo uuninodnnism; and tho olihor is Japan, un» lor tho shadow of Shlntolsm. But umoug Dhrlstlnn nntions wo nro .Incomparably tho lowost In thin rognnl. M«l-o bnfc ono com parison: Amorica doHtroys ono .family in ovory 1.4, while in Ireland thoro is ono di- vorco in ovory '1438 nmrrlagos, Dlvorco Is Amorlwa'H national nightmare, Publicists nro rnlHlng tholr. haudH in dosp/ilv, nnd thoy nro wondering whoro it, will nil ond, Thoro hooiiih to bo no poworMu i.ho lni(d thiit will slay tho progross of! this dreadful Hccini'go, Dignified congrossos moot and dlscuHH tho onnotmont of! uniform cllvorco lawn, but tho dlvorco mills grind merrily nn, nnd tholr out pvifi heaps up an ominous Hcvnp-pllo o:l! blunt' od homos inul dogradod honrthfitnnott, Non Oiithoilo cliurchos could do niosli o(f!octlvo work against; tho dlvorno ovH U! thoy woukt comblno againsli U nn thoy hava oomb'lnofl agnlusl; tho ('Ivlnlc plaguo, but thoy havo ap parently lost thoh porspoctivo ol! ovilfl. ' 