LATEST TELEGRAMS. Sydney, Friday. The gross gate receipts of the matches played by the English footballers during their tour in Australasia amounted to £11,546, of which Sydney yielded £8,345. Thc Englishmen's share amounted to £7000. ' A telegram from Perth states that serious trouble is feared owing to the em ployment of non-union labor to run the trams. The annual report of thc Director for imwisiauwii MOLta mat laai was uiu record for twenty years. The bureau during 'the twelve months handled 5539 immigrants, out of a total of 17,636. , The report declares that were depots estab lished for the reception of unassisted im migrants on their arrival the State could safely accept tens ot thousands more yearly than are now arriving without any fear of a dislocation of the labor market. There was evidence that within th? next eight years Australia would receive as many immigrants as were now going to Canada. In the Second Ballot Bill an alteration has been made providing for a second ballot being taken in country electorates not less than 14 days and not more than 21 days, after the close of the poll at the first ballot. The Assembly has passed the ..Second Ballot Bill through all stages. A bill to prevent the-fictitious inflation of the price of land required in connection with the Barren Jack irrigation scheme was read a first time, after a heated debate, during which the Government was charged with having sacrificed public interests by their aeiay in acquiring inu lanus. ivjr jl rene declared that the country would probably have to pay £200,000 or £300,000 by reason of the dilatoriness on the part of the Government. Mr Macdonell created a sensation by stating that thc Treasurer only had himself to blame if the people got the impression that he had made some thing out of it, although members knew that he would do nothing dishonest. A scene of great disorder ensued, Mr J. Miller calling Mr Stuart Robertson a liar, and the latter threatening to horsewhip him. The Premier said, after hearing such base andinsultingimputations against the Government, members must come to the conclusion that it was high time the House broke up. The Session would close to-night. It is understood the Referen dum Bill will be dropped, together with several other important measures. The Legislative Council passed the Fisheries Amendment Bill, the Fire Bri gades Bill, the Clerical Workers' Bill, and the Flemington-Belmore Railway Bill through all stages. In the House of Representatives, Mr Finlayson moved that the sale of intoxi cating liquors should be prohibited within the precincts of the House. The debate was adjourned. Leave. was given for the introduction of a bill to provide for a referendum on the ^question of amending the constitution. The measure proposes the abolition of the State governments for a uniform system of Government j throughout thc Commonwealth, and the The Minister for Defence in moving the second reading of the Defence Bill in the Senate, expressed the opinion that the subject of defence ? should be as far as possible of a non-party .character. The Government would issue the proclamation' in September, with the view qf introduc ing the system in January. The scheme would mean th,at provision Would be made for about 100,000 -senior cadets; and on July, ipi2, thc Jfirst draft would -pass to the citizen forces. .The debate was ad journed. fc' 5 A total area of 534,455 acres lias been resumed for closer . settlement, and- sub- divided into 1538 farms. A partial resumption of the tram service at Perth was marked by consider able disorder, thc non-union drivers being assailed with cries of ' blackleg,' ' scab,', and pelted with rotten eggs. - A' number of arrests were made. Later. Thc Premier received a deputation con sisting of Messrs' Ball, McLaurin and Peters, 5I.L.A's.,and Mr A. K.Trethowan, delegate appointed at the Berrigan rail way conlerence, to present to Mr Wade the resolutions arrived at by that assem blage, with regard to the future railway expansion of Riverina. Mr Wade said he could not be expected to give an answer upon all the matters set outright away, but they would be con sidered by thc Cabinet at an early date. He said the policy of thc Government in permitting produce to go to the nearest market would apply to Riverina as well as to the other parts of the State. In the Assembly this morning, Mr Lee moved thc second reading of a bill to make provision in respect to the acquisi tion of land for irrigation and other pur poses in connection with the Barren Jack dam works. Mr McDonnell drew atten tion to thc fact that the measure had been altered since it had been introduced last night. Originally it provided that in de termining the values of land thc value added since the passing of this bill should be excluded. Now he perceived it provided that thc value added sincc thc passing of the original Act four years ago should be excluded. That alteration by the Minister amply justified thc action of thc opposition last night. Thc Bill then passed all stages. Thc House approved of the purchase by agreement of 1717 acres of the Nangus Estate near Gun dagai at £4 an acre, also the resumption of 45,000 acres of the Marvah Estate, near Quirindi. CABLE NEWS LONDON. Wednesday. Forty-five lives were lost by thc sinking of the Spanish steamer Martos in a ? col lision off Spain. The captain, a septua genarian, refused to leave the vessel, and went down standing 011 thc bridge. The victims included a mother and her three children. The German East African liner Khedive has been wrecked off Cape Morgan. One of thc officers was drowned. The ' loss is estimated at £120,000. The Lang-Kauffman boxing contest is off.' The acting Mayor of New York re fused to allow the fight to take place. At the celebration of the golden wed ding of Mr and Mrs Darius Miller at Bridgeport, Connecticut, there were present their four sons, all of whom are millionaires. Each of these men was presented by their grandfather with £140 at birth, and from this start they all succeeded in becoming millionaires. Sir Ernest Cassel, a German merchant in London, is devoting thc sum of £200,000 to the establishment of an Anglo-German Institute in memory of King Edward, the object of the institution being to facilitate employment and render assistance to British workers in Germany and German workers in Great Britain. All classes of workers, from Governesses to seamen, will participate in thc benefits afforded. Their Majesties the King and Queen, Alexandra the Queen Mother, and the Em peror and Empress of Germany have con sented to become patrons of the institute. Thursday. Tk« nnUmin has admitted that he caiiscd the fire at the Brussels exhibition by lighting his pipe. M. LeBlanc, who out-stripped homing pigeons in his flight from Amiens to Douai, won a prize of £4000 offered by thc Paris 'Matin' for a circular flight from Paris to Troyes-Nantes, Charleville, Douai, Amiens, and back to Paris. He made five stops, his actual time in the air being twelve hours, during which he flew 479 miles. The Emperor of Austria has conferred honors upon 500 persons, including 114 women, in celebrating his8oth birthday. It is estimated that £200,000,000 is spent annually in America for thc pur chase of motor cars, whose up-kcep costs fifty millions. Bankers arc protesting against the craze. , j A big (ire has occurred in Jersey city, New York. The damage was £400,000. A wire from the Cape says that it is difficult to secure the best crickcting team for Australia, owing to the trian gular matches arranged for 1912. The recent strike in connection with the eight hour trouble cost the Northum berland Miners' Association £83,000. Through the Independent Cable Association. Vancouver, Thursdny. Lang and Kauffman have been matched in a six rounds contest to take place at Philadelphia, on 5th September. Moissant, the Spanish aviator, has not yet reached London. He started twice, met with accidents to the machinery, and bad to send, to Paris tor a new propeller. Wolgast is unable to meet Macfarland at Michigan in the boxing championship, owing to illness. All New York papers say that an open rupture has occurred between President Taft and ex-President Roosevelt. The latter does not endorse thc Taft Adminis tration. ? /The Ottawa Canadian iron and steel in dustries are preparing to make represen tations to thc Government to increase the protective duties, and compensate them for thc loss of the bounties which ccasc at the end of the present year. The ' Columbia and Southern Florida Limited express has been wrecked near Winsboro. Several fatalities are re ported. Patten's scat on thc stock exchange, which he has held sincc 1898, was sold for £14,000. The name of the purchaser is unpublished. - Rome, and several towns and villages in the province of Bari, are suffering from an epidemic of cholera. The disease is especially severe at Trani, a sea port of thc Adriatic. The announcement has caused alarm, especially among the poorer classes. There are 100 cases in Southern Italy. Later. The Danish-Greenland exploration ves sel, Alabama, has been wrecked. Captain Mikkelson, the explorer, and the crew were rescued. - ' For the seven months ending July 30th, 172,000 'persons sailed from British ports to the United States, 217,290 for Canada, 21,183 for Australia, and 1400 for South Africa. . T. H. Williamson, the head of the cen tral unemployed body, has cabled that Australia-offers the best inducements to immigrants, and letters from former im migrants there have brought the Common wealth into great prominence lately. 