DANISH EMIGRANTS. The I Danish .' . -Minister, in, London has very fairly. 'mbt'- the claim mixdii, ion .behalf of jAustralia,-' . in j conhccti'ori':.-with the ' allegations -... made. '."Hy '..him'' .against 'Danish' emigration. i .tb- Auritralia-' Hd. 'insists ,v . that.. . his - statements? were -made.'on'adequatp "authority,,or;at;lcast, has instructed Danish ; Iralia to make exhaustive ''inquir/es, and to report on -the whole.' question ifbf Aus-1 tralia's desirabljpri'.-t;aIajte/Tbr;:jin iriigratioii./ It is . unfortunate hotli ;; foi'' the 1 Panish'.ftliuis.ter ; himself /arid - V: ;for : 'Austriilia, .(hat tic, 'put the cart' before, thei iioisc, Miy not . first diitainin'g'.the re--' ports nbw- proposeil.'ianit' making .-hisiiub- lic statements on their authority. And while 'on ,tliis part of lhe subject, ' it \youlil - he of. interest to know who ., was the informant whom tfie 'j Danish Mini-, s'tcr. regarded as ii sufiicient -authority, and . on. ivhbsr, iiiiormutiori'i lie published /throughput- /Deririiaik.tlic detrimental statements ofwhich xonipigin't. very proper iy wa.s- ,jnailu. Perhaps . . no - very special; sagacilyfis required to guess who that irifpfmqnt was ; and ' if the 'name of a certain' Socialistic organisation in Sydney were niined, the. guess might ,i lib close iciiougfi for all 'purposes'- of identi fication.' .That > indiscriminate immigra tion, dither in regard to numbers or ' to;' the cliaracter of ' immigrants' should - he. encouraged, or allowed, - never has been , suggested,.; and objeeVion ' . to the introduction; of , immigrants ' . in number ' beyond /the absorbing capacity of Australia's industrial . : spheres, both primary' and secondary, ;is perfectly; sound and .reasonable, Also, it is per-, fect-ly ' ..'reasonable that the responsible authorities' of. every, country whence emi- 'gration is ' proceeding,., to. warn their .people ! agairist any other country to which it may be undesirable to go. But this latter course should bo ..taken . only on- the most authentic information, and only for the very, best reasons : because to slander another country on flimsy in formation is a .highly- improper 'thing for anybody' in responsible authority to do. The thing now to be .done is for the -State Governments and the Federal Gov ernment to give to ' Danish .consuls hero all. possible iriformation, more particu larly on the points . mentioned by the Danish Minister in. his warning to his. people. Danes arc a'1 ' imost particularly desirable ' class, of immigrants They are very efficient dairy formers;' and as arti sans they arc : sober? and industrious. - It is 'a fine; strain of blood to comingle with our?! Australian, blood,- and everything pos sible should be done to 'encourage Danish ,-rncn and. women, to. . come here. In due "course,; .when" the reports of. the Danish consuls arc made public, it /might be ad- visilblc foe the Commonwealth Govern ment to Instruct .its advertising office to seeithat such reports , are published in the Danish Press, arid circulated as. widely as . possible. For it is certain that those reports cannot be anything hut favour able, to Australia'. - Queensland herself might profitably take a ,hand; in this" business, . 