SCOTSMEN SPYING OUT LAND IN AUSTRALIA. By MOIRA. THE members of the Scottish Agricultural Commission now in New South Wales are absorbing much information concerning Aus tralia, which will be published for the benefit of their countrymen later on. Their con clusions will, however, have a much larger influence than that which will be exerted upon people fra* north o' the Tweed. Right through Great Britain and Ireland the Scotch Commis sion s report is sure to oe reaa ana studied closely by people who wish to try their for tunes in other lands. The report on Canada made by practically the same body of men in 1908 has been freely circulated throughout the old land, and this fact will give more interest to the one that is to come on Australia. The personel of the Commission is a strong one, each member being a recognised authority in certain branches of agriculture. They are following closely the same course of observa tion and inquiry followed by the Commissions which visited Denmark in 1904, Ireland in 190G, and Canada in 1908. Though the Commission is neither an emigration nor an immigration agency, their report must have a strong in fluence on the minds of people in the old world, and particularly on intending immi grants. The main subiects of study are land settle ment, the constitution and operations of the Ministry of Agriculture, agricultural educa tion and research, experimental farms, live stock, mixed farming, wheat farming, dairy ing. sheep farming, poultry farming, agricul tural co-operation, transit, cold storage, mar kets. etc. This is a comprehensive objective which is being enthusiastically car ried out. As evidence of this fact it is noteworthy that the members of the Commission divide off into parties, the individuals in each section being specialists in the class of farming that is practiced in the districts they visit. They all meet again at convenient places, compare notes, and di vide off again to investigate other districts in their own special lines. Their work is evidently interesting to them, for their en thusiasm knows no bounds, and they are ever ready for the track that leads them on to fresh knowledge of the country. As becomes canny Scots, thev are not spving much, neither do they want to waste time listen ing to speeches which do not further the im portant work they have on hand. And it is important work, both to their countrymen and others across the seas, as well as to Australians. In Denmark the Scot tish Commission did excellent wcrk, and the report which followM eave agriculturists in the o1'! lard manv hints regarding coopera tion and other things which affected their interests. Some of Australia's best colon ists came from Denmark and other European countries, and there is room here for more thrifty people of this class. There can be no doubt that the report on Australia will he eagerly read in the parts referred to, be cause many Danish people speak and read English. For years past they have watched closely the progress of dairying in Australia, and they will as certainly look for the Scot tish Commissioner's report on the Common wealth as a prospective place to settle. Dur ing my recent visit to Denmark I met a great number of people who could converse freely in English. One who was a dairy inspector said: 'We know Australian butter very well. We don't like it.' Then, after a pause, he added: 'We don't like it because it is good butter, and competes strongly against ours.' I met a number of others who were very anx ious to learn all they could about Australia. The Scottish Commission appealed to the Danes as a painstaking body of men, thorough ly competent and deeply in earnest about securing reliable information. Therefore whether the report on Australia is favour able or otherwise, its influence will ex tend far outside the limits of Scotland, the home of the Commissioners. The visit of the American fleet, and other factors have tended to bring Australia prominently before Ameri cans. . Just recently the Victorian Minister for Agriculture and Mr. Elwood Mead, the irriga tion expert, toured the United States in quest of settlers for the southern State irrigation settlements. Judging from reports, they have been well received throughout the land of the Stars and Stripes. Mr. Mead's speech at the National Congress on Irrigation, held at Pueb lo, Colorado, is reported to have been en thusiastically received. The irrigation expert came to Victoria from the United States some years ago, and his summing-up of the local conditions existing in the two countries was altogether in favour of Australia. His remarks at the recent conference in his native country are perhaps the best advertisement that the sunny south has ever had from ajn agricultural and progressive standpoint. America sends her thousands of people yearly to Canada in search of land. The visit of the Victorian delegation will no doubt tend to draw atten tion to Australia as a field for immigrants, and the report of the Scotch Commission, if favourable, will be an independent opinion, which will carry much weight in determining the possibilities of settlement in Australia. Though the Scottish Commission is not actually identified with any movement in con nection with immigration, people at home and abroad associate it with the question of at tracting people to Australia. The report to be issued by them, it is certain, will either give an impetus to the flow of immigration from the old land or have a tendency to check it. Therefore the work of the Commissioners and the impressions which they will carry away with them have an important bearing on the future of the Commonwealth. Aus tralia wants people, and none will' be more welcome or better suited to assist in forming a great nation than those who come from the British Isles, the continent of America, or northern Europe. This being so, it is impor ? tant that the Scottish delegates should receive the fullest information regarding the advan tages that can be fairly claimed for Australia when compared with other fields for immigra tion. The Commissioners are admittedly care ful, painstaking, and competent to investigate the resources and possibilities of the country. It must, however, be admitted that they are being hurried through the various States at express speed, and they must find a great deal to assimilate in the short time at then disposal. First impressions are not always correct, and in some places there has only been time to see very little. This has been a necessity owing to the limited time wmcg has been allowed to get through tho tusk. Australia is not only a big country, but one with a great variety of soils and different climatic conditions. For this reason it re quires a considerable amount of closo observa tion to arrive at a definite conclusion regard ing its potentialities, jn this respect it is more difficult to deal Wit-i than any of the other countries that the mBuib-irs of the Com mission have visited. CixaJa, of course, is the only one of those fiat like Australia, requires more people, and although it has a vast area its merits or demerits are easier to sum up than those of Australia. Canada has a rigorous climate practically throughout— certainly in all new areas opening up for settlement— and its severe winters cause a shortage or absolute want of pasture for seve ral months of each year. All classes of stock require special care during those months, and the men on the land must conserve fodder for the lean time each year. They must also pro vide shelter and housing for animals, and most outdoor work is suspended during the cold season. In the old settled districts dairying and mixed farming are carried on profitably, but in the western States farmers have all their eggs in one basket. Wheat is the main crop there, and yields are, generally speaking, good. Those are points that are easily deter mined by a competent body of men like the Scotch Commissioners. The delegates have already expressed them selves as pleased with the dairying areas of this country. This week they, are doing the mixed farming and wheat districts, and will see both good and inferior crops, according to varying local conditions. Average yields they will learn are not so large as found in Canada, but there are compensating advantages here. Those are the points which should be clearly demonstrated to the delegates. The methods of tillage and harvesting which are adopted in the cereal-growing areas of Australia are much more economical than those found neces sary in Canada. This is particularly so with regard to harvesting, because here the grain is stripped, cleaned, and bagged in the field in one operation, which means that it is done at a minimum expense. As a matter of fact small farmers practically require little .»r no extra hands during harvest time owing lo the complete work done by the combined harvester which for years past has been king of the harvest fields. It is the genial and dry nature of the climate In the cereal-growing areas of the Commonwealth that permits of this lab our-saving appliance being used. A farmer and his son 14 years old have been known to successfully harvest 4000 bushels of wheat and barley in one season, and numerous instances of similar — or, in some cases, greater — results being accomplished, are on record. This is a point that should be carefully iiuted when summing up the possibilities of the Common wealth from a wheat-growing point of view, or when comparing it with rival wheatgrow ing countries. (Continued in the Farming Column.) Photo, by Myers and Fisher. SCOTTISH COMMISSIONERS INTERVIEWING A GLEN INNES DAIRYMAN. LOADING HOOP PINE LOGS. ? Photo bv Mvers and Fisher. Ftioto. oy ™.v STUCK IN A CREEK NEAR GLEN INNES. The party includes two Scottish Commissi oners. BY MOTOR OAR ACROSS COUNTRY, ABOUT TO EMBARK ON RIVER BOAT AT TWEED HEADS. 