CABLEGRAMS * ? ?fllTIBH AND FOREIGN. [Th. P««m Awooifttion— Oopyrigbt.] TRAM CAR 8TRIKE. DYNAMITE AND INJURY. Vancouver, British Columbia, Wed nesday Aftoruoou. — Tlio car strikers „! Columbia, Ohio, U S.A., have dyua initcd tbrco earn, injuring four per sons. NEW YORK COTTON BOOM. EASING OFF PROCESS. The cotton boom on the New Yi rK Exchango has cased considerably. The price of August cotton has declined by CG points. THE WIZARD'S LATEST. liDISON GIVES~DEM0NSTRATION. Mr Thomas Edison, tlio famous I American inventor, lias given a suc cessful public demonstration of liis If Intost invention, tho kinctai-hono, which is a con.binnton of tho phono graph and cinematograph. CZAR OF RUSSIA. GUARDING A DESPOT. 100,000 80LD1KHS. One hundred thousand Russian and Gorman, troops were employed to pro tect tho train by which the tar and Czarina of ltusii*- travel lod from St. Petersburg to Darmstadt m the Grand Duchy of lieBBO, Germany. A ring of troops now surrounds Friedbera CaBtlo, in which the Czar and Czarina liavo taken up tlicir torn Tlirco Russians liavo been arrested there on suspicion of being Terrorists. ANTARCTIC EXPEDITION. SOUTH AFRICA'S DOLE. Recently the Uniou Government of South Africa decided to subscribe £?M towards the British Antarctic expedi tion under Captain Scott. The leader of the expedition speci olk visited South Afrirn, in order to eol'ioit and induce financial aid for the South Polar dash. The limited amount subscribed has caused muoli coir.inent, and the Cape iieivBpapers are now defending tlie IsmallneBS of the Government's contri bution, stafjiR that it is duo to the 'depression. . . They urge the private benevolence of mining magnates. ? THE BRITISH ARMY. article hyTohd iisnER. NEWSPAPER* LAMENT. Lord Ksher, in an artic e ill the 'National Review,' says that .00,000 Territorials are required annually, and there is no sign that that number is forthcoming. The numerical test is the real toil of the system of volun tary service. If the limit of tho nation's yield to .the Territorials has been reached, tho electorate niUBt chooso between leaving the forces ol tho country below tho n.iuimum and compulsory service. The 'Westminster Gazette ' de plores the article by Lord Esher, wliioh, it says, advocates conscription, and is a certain bail to Hie proof of the failure of the voluntary system. The 'Scotsman' says that many re signations hare taken place from the county associations, probably on ac count of realising th« futility of working on the existing financial lines. The feeling prevails ffiat the. Govern ment is withholding, funds in order to stimulate an appeal to private sub scriptions. ' 80UTH AFRICAN POLITICS. THE PLACE OF THE TEUTON. The German resident! of JohanneB bura have founded an association to Safeguard their interests, particu larly the Gorman language, with a view to obtaining p»rmi«Bion to have Ger man placed upon an equality ?wilnthe EngliSh and Dutch languages in State 6chool«. 'LE 8ILL0N.' FOUNDER RESIGNS LEADERSHIP. CONSERVATIVE VICTORY. In consequence of a charge of Mo dernism .having been preferred against him, tho Rav. Marc feanguior, founder of the Christian Democratic organisa tion called 'Le SiHon ,'. has with drawn from the leadership. Tho Pope, in a recent letter 'to French prelates, coudcnined the organ- 1 isation. , , ,, c ?«,... I Tlio BieTiops now control the S'llon ists, wlio hayo been rc-n«med the Ca tholic SiUoniBts. This is a viotory for the Conserva tive Partv, who resented on alliance between Catholicism and Republican ism, which is now coiuplote. TREATMENT OF^ CONSUMPTION. 'X' BAVfe'K5SENTIAL. One thousand radio-graphic cxamin «Uons, conducted in the hospitals of London, show the «X» rays to bo in dispensable in tho treatment of con smSptives, as the rays enable the ^^ doc tors to exactly locate the scat of the| disease. ? VICTORIAN BANQUET. TO MR MBC|{ffDn! AND DU London, Wednesday' Midnight.— The Victorian resident* of London ^ cave a STdV M M^^'vicS immigration delegation, at tho Ohio* Cafe to- night. , ,, the leadinR commrirers, tinnm-mrs, nnri fnnrcliontn. . *.. London, Thursday Morning. - ?»? l eluded in those prosent «nrc Sir I Lucas, of the Colonial Oflico; Mr It' bolt Reid, of Melbourne ; Dr. ..I. Mr sea™ son and Mr KirkpstricU. , I Lord GoBchon said Gront Britain wel comed Uio delegation, and. did nut grudge the immigrants, sin™ tliej I would help foster tho Imporia] spirit among all clnsscs in Australia. Sir John A. Oockbum. oxAgont General for South Australia, ui pn- nosing tho toast' of 'The Guests, said they were ensued In an Imperial t miBBMJII, BlilVIl.JS mt |fii.uiwiii ^i» ...... .--- . \- juslmcnt of tho population of tho I : Empire. Mr MacKoniie, in replying, said j that tho Pwsb, pooplo and authorities in Groat Britain hod welcomed them moBt generously, and woro not «mg- j costing that Victoria was robbing Great Britain otaho flower of her man hood. The fact that Great Britain imported 00 per cent, of her food stuffs, of which Australia sent a Urge portion, alone justified tho dotaga Dr. Mould said Victoria would bo satisfied with tho number of hlgli charactered, thrifty and energetic ag l ' riculturalists Meurod. Ho ompnas ' tied the importance of fostering small * n holdings, and iiistauced the large yiolds ot luconic. lie declared that tho grower in. Australia to-day would be tbo banker in Australia in tlio nest tgenorntion. '1'Jio dairymen selected would soon make Victorian butter as woll-known as Danish, by enabling Australia to supply Groat Jlritaiu throughout tho year. Sir John W. Tnvernor, AgantGo wwni iui victAlIIB, HlblStOU OH 1110 UU sonoo of rivalry between the Austra lian States aud the overseas dominiuus in immigration nmttcrs. Mr CLarlton, Vico-1'residcnt of tho London Chamber of .(Jomiiiciw!, Sir Johu Biiiijliiuii, of Sheffield, aud Mr J,. M. l'ratt, also bi-oko, ARTICLE ON AUSTRALIA. . I OPTIMISTIC VIEWS. | i( Londfl.u, Thin sday Morning.— Tlio 'I'inaucial News,' in a. suoond articlo on Australia, fn its issue of to-day, rov.*\rs tho progressive activities of In' Coniii.unnealth, and dcclaros tlmt the pastoral, agricultural, mining, inauuractiiring, and other industries mo in a prosperous condition, and that Hritish iuvestments aro likely to con tiuuo to yield satisfactory returns. BRITISH ASSOCIATION. ADDRESS BY PROFKSfeOR. BONN1SY The British Association opened its conforouce at Sheffield yesterday. I'rofcssor llonney, tho president, hi diwussing tho formation of vallcyt,, declared that both tho glaciei- end r.nli mersoneo liypothesia were still on trial. He iMi-soiiallv was of opinion Hint tin' difficulties of many in tlic acr»-s)iaiici; of the former woro tho inor-- serious, but it tras tlio host. Meanwhile, work was steadily going on, separating facts and fancies. BANK AMALGAMATION. The proposed amalgamation of the Pajis-Laiiesshire-Yorksliire Hank has betn dro]-i-ed. aviation. a frknc:h~stt:c!estion. A I'loneli Acronnutio Onr.miESion sii^i^^KtH thnt in war t*tm* occJin-ii'iinti lini'is mid auxiliary cruisprs slinuld carry aoroplancB aB valuable adjuncts for lTraiiiiaiBanrc. COTTON INDUSTRY IN INDIA. Owing to the cost of cotton, there is a nenernl dcproBswi in trade in llomhay. Groavps, Cotton nnd Coinpany, nier chauts, Bombay, have decided to close seven mill* (for which tfepr are a;ontK) on September 13. Seven thousand lin.i.is will I.p nffortwJ. It is roi-ortod that a down othei mills will nbo rinBo. INTERNATIONAL SOCIALIST CONCflESS. A RiiBn'm spy ban hfn expelled from a sfx- rrt ni«M:nit ef tlio li'is sinn Hfu-tic.n of the. lulevnatnnnl So eialift riiiigrep.il nt Tflrenlia.^n. A Hili.ponin.itte.' ^r tli' e.)iii..ro?ii drafts a, rcHiliition iirc'nisx thst it i« the duty nf f-.™ inlists not to vote money for military purposes, and to ilnnnm] disarniimpiit. Mr .1. Koir-1I.ir.Iie. M.I'., on b-bnlf of tlii' F.hk1;p1i S.ieialistB, snid tl--- seope of tho reeolut'oli wns too liinitod Tliev demanded, on an outbreak of war', tlmt the workers should ptotlaiin a cencral strike within 24 liomp. MAW OF THE MILLIONAIRE. MORGAN' WANTS TO SEIZE CANADA. At a meeting of tho Cnnnd'.in Mu nicipal CnioiiR, held at Winmpog. a report was rceoived which alleges that Mr J. Picrpont Morgan, the Ainericaii millionaire, had an organisation in which ho had aU the principal city franchises, water powers, and the re sources generally of Canada mapped out for invasion. The scheme was the most formidable, affecting the Cana dian nat'onal heritage. DRAMATIC SPEECH BY ROO8E VELTb ISSUE OF THE DAY. Ex-President Roosevolt has delivcr ud a dramatic speech on the battle field of OBawattomie, where Jonn Brott-n fought the Missouri raiders Mr Roosevelt demanded a wide in crease in the powers of national Go vernment. Ho srid that the issue of the dav was tho stmaglo of fre© men to gain another hold of. selfgmern ment aRBUist the special interests which were twisting free government into machinery to defeat the ppopular will (John Brown, the American, slave cable, settled in KaiiB?*, and rcsnluto lv opposed the project -if making it a slave State; in tho interests of cnian cipation, with six others, ho sewed on tho State armoiy at Harper s l'orry °n the hope of a rising. retrenching himself .irinod in it, ho was surniniid cd, seized, tiiod r.Jid hanged in ISoO). AUSTRALIAN ARTIST CENSURED. LIVING WITH MARRIED WOMAN. HER TRAGIC DEATH. During the progress of an inquest touching the death of a woman, the city coroner, Mr Boreham Wood cen- sured William Stuart Wemyss, an Aus tralian artist, for delaying the calling in of a doctor to attend the confine ment of his paramour, Mrs Sarah Baker, secretary of tho Imperial Co- lonial Club, Piccadilly, who was living apart from her husband. Wemyss deposed that be discovered Baker dying in tho bath room of their house alongside the body of a new born child. LATE MONARCH DEFENDED. HIS ATTITtTDK TOWARDS GERMANY. Lord Ksher, in an articlo in the 'Deutsche Revue,' Berlin, denies that His late Majesty King Edward initiat od a l»liey of hostility towards Gor many, or was jealous or uneasy as to the srowth of the German Empire, and Navy. Ho asserts that tho lato JUiig s only reeling!, towards Germany were those of affection, and tlmt he. was sin cerely desirous of co-oiMMating witn Germany for the tpresorvation of peace. 