INTERSTATE. SYDNEY, March 29. } Archdeacon Hose, -who until three years ago was Vicar of St. John's An glican Church in Corowa, has passed away at the age of 77 years. It has rained every day for the past seventeen days at Coraki, and nearly 12 inches of rain have been recorded. The crand total for the last three months is over 28 inches. A seizure of opium was made yester day fay the Customs officers on board the steamer Empire, -while it was ly ing at Circular Quay. It is calculated that during January the floods in the North-west of New South Wales, 25,000 head of sheep, and between 200 and 300 head of cattle were drowned. The publican's booth at Maclean has been purchased by the District Lodge of Good Templars, and an absolutely soft drink stall will be conducted. The conference of the Churches of Christ has pledged itself to dp everything possible in support of total abstin ence, and no-license. A resident of Gosford was found in an unconscious state on a footpath, in Liverpool Street, and the Ambulance Btlgade took him to the hospital where it was found that his skull was fractured or badly injured. During the night a constable arrested a man, and charged him with having inflicted grievous bodily harm on the injured, man. Joseph Parsons, conductor of the Melbourne express train, had a par alytic stroke yesterday morning after the train had left Albury in continua tion of the trip to Sydney. On arri val of the train here, he was carried to his home at Arncliffe, where he was attended to by a doctor. Parsons, who is well known to train travellers, is 33 years old. * A number of lads were playing with a man last night on the vacant allot ment near the spot where the old Belmore markets stood. They called him names, and threw things at him until he became desperate. The man drew two revolvers, and fired a shot from each. One bullet lodged ill the right leg of a boy, aged 16 years, who lives at Chippendale. This sudden ac tion on the part of the man checked the ardour of the crowd, and whilst the boys drew round the wounded lad the man ran up the hill to the Cen tral Railway Station, followed ,at a distance by a few boys, but was not overtaken. The injured boy was taken to the hospital, but was allowed to go home, although the bullet is still in bis leg. The Dean, of Newcastle, Dr. Gold ing Bord, who on Sunday took It upon himself to criticise the Gov ernor-tienerai and charge him with cut iaging the feelings of loyal memDers of the church, by attending the Royal Show on Good Friday, had his atten tion drawn to-day to His Excellency's statement that he did not attend the show. The Dean said his Justifica tion for his remarks of Sunday last was that he had seen It reported in the newspaper that Earl Dudley was there. He regretted the mistake. He had been misled in making this state ment, but rejoiced that Hie Ex cellency was not present at the Show on Good Friday. MEDBOURNE, March 29. The troop of cadets to tour Europe and to visit the field of Waterloo, has been organised. They will leave on the 18th May next. Mr. J. C. Trigg, captain of the Gee long Club Rifles, has decided to go to the Bisley (England) rifle competit ions at his own expense. Because the pay of the caddies at the Royal Golf Club was reduced by 2d. per round, the boys went on strike. A compromise, however, was effected on Sunday. A large number of the Scottish Regi ment are marching from Melbourne to BallaraA, instead of going into camp. They are carrying a weight of about 3st. in their kits. The Immigrant-Seekers' Expedition, to be sent out by the Government, is assumed by most people to have as its objective the United States. "This may still be the place where Mr. El wood Mead expects to get his most important settlers, but the Seeking Expedition will not be limited to America. An attempt is to be made to secure Italian and Danish settlers. ADELAIDE, March 29. William Russell, of Hergott Springs, was killed through his horse falling on him. PERTH, March 29. A fire which occurred in Fremantle very considerably damaged the Occi dental buildings, the sufferers being Messrs Patten and Co., tailors, and Smith, photographer. The insuran ces amounted to £4,000. The cause of the fire is not yet known. HOBART, March 29. Early on Saturday morning St. Mary's Hotel, and the store adjoining, were totally destroyed by fire. A large number of tourists were staying at the hotel, but all escaped WELLINGTON. March 29. A large block of business premises in Christchurch was considerably dam aged by fire to-day. The Insurances amount to £9000. 