_ __^---? i ? ,( i- i-i m***,mm**m I WITH THE SCOTTISH COMMISSION, I COVERING A LITTLE OF QUEENSLAND'S VASTNESS. FROM ROMA TO LAIDLEY. AGRICULTURE IN DENMARK AND CANADA. INTERESTING INFORMATION FROM SIR T. , CARLAW MARTIN. ' THE NORTHERN SECTION BUSY. [From Our Special Representatives.] LAlDLEy-, October ti The Scottish Commissioners, without being chivied like poor Joe, are being rushed through the country in much the same fashion ns ¡political leaders m a strenuous electoral campaign. They but' puuse in one place, and then they aie whisked oft to some other locality. But if they object to the pace being made for thom they keep their feelings to them- selves and face each new expedition with' a cheerful optimism which does them in- finite credit. After the entertainment at Warwick they made their way buck to 'the ppecial train, where they slept. For- tunately nets lind been provided lor them, for the mosquitoes were very active, and were much inclined to constitute them- selves a commission upon the Commission. As it was, they lulled the slumbers of the visitors with a loud and penetrating hum. This was the Commissioners' first ex- perience of the Queensland mosquito as- sembled in general meeting. Other mem- bers of the party, particularly the "Courier's" special correspondents, owing to the scarcity of nets, made K closer, more persistent, and more businesslike acquaintance with them, and it was not the Pressmen who passed the unanimous vote of thanks. The experiences seemed to make 0 o'clock in ithe morning come more quickly. At thal hour the whistle sounded, and the Commissioners' train moved out from Roma "and ¡eft the mos- quitoes in undisputed possession. The Commissioners happily did not realise what they had missed. With Roma be- hind, and pleasant memories of its hos- pitality to look back upon, the party was «con spesding along the Western line seeing country which on the upward jour- ney was passed in the night. Some of the land west of Chinchilla presented the prickly-pear problem in somewhat serious form. In places the pest was veiy thick, the spectacle being that of good wheat land sadly misapplied. In superb con- trast were the ibroad. level plains of Jim- bour, ar/d the unrivalled expanses of Jon- daryan.' Those two stations were loo'.ing nt their best, splendid in extent, beautiful for the eye to look upon, strikingly sug- gestive of the vast possibilities of the area from a settlement point of,view. ARRIVAL AT DALBY. """When the visitors arrived at.Dalby they learned something of what local people think of Jimbour. The Commissioners wore heartily welcomed. On the platform were Alderman Viotor Drury (Mayor of Dalby) and a considerable assemblage of leading residents. Once moro the v.'s.ton w;cie taken by the hnnd, and, though the time was short, they were treated after the manner of politicians. This time, how- ever, there was more information than had always been vouchsafed on some simi- lar occasions. ' Alderman Drury, in proposing the health, of the Commissioner*, explained that Jim- bour Estate was being opened up lo Clcssr settlement. This estate repurchased by the Government consisted of 130,000 acres of freehold land. There were other estâtes in the district which ' comprised 300,000 acres well watered agricultural land and all waiting for new settlors. There was a fair rainfall, and apart from that they had at a depth of 100ft. an unlimited quantity of sub-artesian water, - Queens- lander?, recognised that the Commission I would do a tremendous amount of good for Australia, and hoped they would be the means of diverting a stream.<ofspopiii lntioni tor Queensland, i-wf ¡r "¡UMJ.T.IQ ?Mr. Henry Robertson, a young Scotch- man, stated that ho 'arrived in ;Qticeris In'tYd'' in"iMtireh" liii».t,">'foölt""iip'iland,"oh' Jimbour, and had boen working, ever sine.'. "Before that he hau farmed in New Zea- land for 10 year.«, and then in Kent, in England, and he considered that there was no ground to be compared with the Jimbour land. He had been able, as others, to feed his stock and fatten them on natural graves, 'whereas in the old country he would have had to feed and house his. stock. So far as he could sec, if farmer» took half as much trouble to provide for droughts or bad times th'it farmers at home lind to lake for their winters, drought* would never be felt. .Councillor >f. Nicholson (chairman of the Wambo Shire Council, and Mr. K.-Hal- ford (Government land agent) ateo spoke. Sir Carlaw Martin, in responding, saul he had been pleased to hear Air. Robert- son's remarks, and if they could get dil» ectlv at his experiences it would be inter- esting to them. They had admired (ex- ceedingly the region through which they were passing, but they could not help thinkincr that the picture would be more beautiful when the agriculturists and their homestead« were feen all over the plain. They wished to (heir entertninets everything that was good, kind, and pri gretsive. (Applause.) VISIT-TO JONDARYAN. On arrival ut Jondaryan the visitors were enteitained at lunch. , Mr. R. Taylor presided, and the tou&t; of ''The A'isitors" was proposed by Mr. Thomas Taylor, who spoke warmly in praise of Jondaryan lauds. Sir T. Caliavv .Martin, in replying, said they were there to gain information IC garding the soil and all that appertained to the soil, and they proposed to report and spread in the old country a knowledge of what they had seen. Ho began to think that it was necessary to say that they were not there as immigration agents. Tiley were not there to advise an)- single individual to come to any particular Stale or any particular region in Australia. They weie there to present with unbiassed judgment accurate lacts and well tested views to the public at home regarding what tiley had been permitted to see and learn in all parts of the Commonwealth He had no doubt, and lie hoped it would be the case, that what they had to say regarding their tour in Australia would result in setting towards this region some part of the immigration which had hither- to floated to other lands-and not nil ot them under the British ling. That would be ti result eminently desirable, because here not only was there a land positively crving out for people, hut the more they filled up, the lands within the British Em- pire the moie would they be increasing and strengthening the area which stood for the peace and progress of the .world. (Applause-) AT LAIDLEY. At 5.20 p.m. the Commissioners' arrived at Laidley by special train. They were met at the railway station by Aldermen H. Dunn (Mayor of the town), S. Cooper, J. It Daniel, T, II. Gartside, AV. T. Boaltield, Mr. W. M'llwraith (town clerk), Councillors J. Cook (chairman of the Laidley Miire), J. J. Hughes, J. ! Brimbleeombe, R. M'Grath, , J. ? C. j Ncilsen, Mr. -John skinner (president of the Lockyer A. and P. Society), Captain T. J. Logan, Messrs. C. W. Hooper (net- . ing president of the Laidley Chumbe.' of i Commerce). J. Wnlkcr (president. of the Forest Dill Progrcf-s Association), and I others. The -party was conducted to the | Empire Hotel), w licit; dinner was -servod. At fl.30 p.m. the Commissioners were entertained with the hospitality riinrncter istic of the town at a banquet in ihc Empire Hotel. The Mayor presided, and there wa« a large attendance. After.the toast of "The King" had been honoured, the health uf the visitors was proposed hy the Mayor, and supported by. Messt a. dook nnd'Skinncr. Sir T. Carlaw Martin, in hes reply, re- ferred to the requests that fhud hem made to them to extend their tour, and said of course to do justice to the whole of the country wa« iurpos Oblo. Some of their number had gone North, and two of the remiiriiig Commissioners had been detached to sec some parts of unsettled lountiy where a new man mkiht look for land. To do justice to the whole continent of Aii«tinlia was, a« a maller | of course, imncssiaile, and when to the I lnbc-'ir of seeing and studying local condi- tions were added lho«e agreeable labour?, I such ay thc-v liar1 'had here and at other .places, he thought thev made i mistake i when leaving "Scoth ntl, and when insuring | against risk of accident by land and sea, in not also insuring against Australian hospitality. (Lauguter.) He reierred to what had 6truck him in Denmark and in Canuda. 'Hie Danish fanner was i* niau who took his mission seriously. He believed in e-ducation and scientific re senieh, and in the applicability of scientific lcsenrch, to practice. He was trained m an excellent rural school which hnu agricul- tural education attached to it, and lie went at liho age of from l8 to 25 to what was known as the People's High School. After that he went to an agricul- tural college. If they avent to a (Danish experimental fal in they would find trained and .practical farmers going round witli. the iprofi'ssor.« learning lessons of practice. 'If they wont into a Danish village thny would fitcd two days a week the farnw sitting in rho committee of his Co-opera- tive Society mnnagimi the affairs of the factor)' which was working up his mroduco and attending to the other affairs con- nected with his business, from the produc- ing to the marketing of his produce. In thnt method of education in school, college, and co-operative society there hud been produced in 'the Dane a man of high intelligence, n man of clharacter who trusted his neighbour, and by trusting his neighbour gained confidence for honesty. In Connik something, of the kind1 was going on. There was there a perfect 6ystem of rural schools. At the agricultural college tliev found the fannel-« in close association with the professor«. Thoirands of farmers received seed i rom the professorsfor the pur pose of making experiments and reporting to the professors, so that out of the mass of evidence that wa«, obtained. there might he drown the best examples and the best ini'iins. One could not travel through Cunada without supposing that Canada was going to be a sober nation. The states- men of Canada had learned- that in this strenuous age of international rivalry the nation could not afford to have its ener- gies and its faculties vitiated by, any sort of alcoholic excess. They (the Commis siouers) had come to Australia as stu- dents to sec what Australia was doing, to see the soils and the metliods-of culti- vation', and, in short, what Australians were doing with their land. They lind seen .tlie Darling Downs, and they had been almost lost in admiration of its fertility. They desired to report upon | the agriculture of the Commonwealth, and it would belter suit their purpose if theic were fey, er formal meetings and more freedom of ^intercourse with the people, but they realised that it was imperative that the' traditions of Austra- lian hospitality must be preserved, even at the cost of the c onvenience of the visi- tors. (Applause.) At the différent places re- ference had been made to labour diffi- culty, but he did not think that the question wa« going to be solved by immi- gration. If they got youhg Scotchmen coining to Queensland as immigrants those yoting Scotchmen were not going to stop as labourers; they would want to start for themselves. ' so that if the farmers were looking to Scotland for agricultural labourers, who would continue to be agri- cultural labourers, he was afraid they were making a mistake. Australia needed to be better known in the old country. One leason which had operated against Aus- tralia had been its distance from the old country. Australia was 5 or« 6 weeks' voyage from Great Britain, and Canada, but five and a half days. Another cause why Au«tralia had not been appreciated wa,« that, the" Governments had not rifen qiiicklv enough 'to the fact that Australia required a little advcrtising'/'tA^piawai!:')' Australia,'htid been hiding^ her"-- good' , thing«. Australia wanted to be ' better advertised. He' thought when the Com- mission got home they 'would be able to dispel Hie idea that a man who came to Australia was expatriating himself. He .did nothing of the kind; a man1 who came to Australia came to «is own kith and kin.JApplause.) If his neighbour was not a Scotsman he was an Englishman or an Irishman, or at any rate a good fellow subject. (Applause.) Ile did not find himself among strangers, but entirely nt home, and thoicforo tho idea that a Scotsman coming to Australia was expatri- ating himself should he dispelled. The Scotsmnn migrating to Australia was' coming to a country where he would enjoy British institutions, and meet the same Rritish spirit thnt animated the old land. (Anplnuse.) .Mr. K. B. Greig, who also responded, reierred to the enormous extent of pas- toral country thev had passed through on the way from Roma to Laidley. Tie nlso commented on the prickly pear which they had seen, and said that unlcs-s something diTstic was done Queensland would be likely tn lose large areas of valuable land except id an enormous cost for reclama- tion. (Applause.) Dr. Wilson, in returning thanks, spoke in praise of the scenery* of the Darling Downs and the main range.. Scottish | farmers, he said, liked to be in a region where, when the day's work was done,, there was something to look at anil re ! fresh the eye. Here they could look at sceuery which was well worth looking at, and very different "from the monotonously flat and uninteresting country of Mani- toba. He could not but express their sense of the privilege it was to have Air. Meston with them. There was scarcely a topic they asked him about that he was not able to answer and give his answer in a very graphic and memoruble way. (Ap- plause.) The remainder of the evening was pleasantly snent in n »o'inl mnnner. .HARRISAULLE. October 0. A special meeting of the Warri =vill«> Pro- gress Association was held in the School of Art»- mi Tuesday nicht. There was a lirge attendaiMîj, and the president (Mr. A. W. Sealy) oMipied the chair. The business transacted ivas, making arrange- ment.« to receive the Scottish Commission- ers, who will arrive heie by special train on Monday. A public reeèntiôn will be given the vteitor« in the School of Arts, after which they will he driven to Engels ¡burg for lunch. 