T I X" "\y |" | y CONDENSED CABLES AND TABLOID TELEGRAMS - v"'' GIST OF GENERAL SABLES 6 i The Biarritz correspondent of the London " Observer " reports that King Edward's health has been perfectly re established. The Chief Justice of New South Males (Air. W. P. Cutlen) has been ga zetted Lieutenant - Governor of tliat State. The High Comm'ssionar for the Com monwealth in London (Sir George Rei'd) has been tlic guest of Lord Lamington, who was Governor of Queensland in 1895 - 1991, and of Bom bay in 1903 - 7. The English Butter Society's factory at Nantes, in France, has been des troyed by fire. The ratepayers of Toronto, the capi tal of the Canadian province of On tario, have voted £50,001) towards a new general hospital which is to te ierectcd at Toronto at a cost of £500,000. The 'French submarine Ventos, wliile manoeuvring at Cherbourg, dived to a depth oi 105 feet, and continued .to travel at -that distance, fzom the sur- ace for a period of 24 minutes. The crew suffered no ill-effects from the prolonged submersion. The crew of the German battleship Schleswig-Holstein coaled 700 t-ons. in 85 minutes. Of this 566 tons were bun kered in an/hour. TJhis is a .. . record coaling performance. The imports to England of con tinental champagne increased . 25'. per cent, during 1909. This was due to a fear that the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed to augment the duties. A functionary connected. with the Turkish gendarmerie has been sentenc ed to imprisonment for life on a charge, : of inciting the Moslems against the Christians at Epicus. Air. A. A. Kirkpatrick, Agent-Gen eral for South Australia in. London, was present at the launch of the Aus tralian destroyer Yarra on the Clyde. 1 All's. Aloore, wife of Hon. N. Moore, C.AI-.G., Premier of "W.A., performed the ceremony. M. Rostand's play, the " Chan ticleer," with the membei's of the com pany who are at present taking part in its production in Paris. wilL be pre sent, eel at Drury Lane in June. Renter's correspondent at Tiflis. in Russian Caucasia, telegraphs that 30 robbers have pillaged the State Treasury at Kizlyar. Seventeen peo ple were slain by the robbers, includ ing six members of the military guard, a Basilic. . a clerk, and some pedes trians who were an the vicinity at the time. Thg Egyptian General Assembly during the recent debate on the Suez Canal concession refused to allow the Government's proposals for a remov-al of the concession to b- discussed, and declined to listen to Minister's speech es on the rmestion. The Assembly has now been dissolved. The Zarinyi, a 1-4,500-ton battleship, has been launched at Trieste, the principal seaport of Austria-Hungary. n is repocTcu uiar tne sups lor two Dreadnoughts have already been pre pared. and that contingent orders have been placed with Austrian firms for gun mountings. Persia has reircted the political con ditions attached to the proposed An glo-Russian loan, and expects to realise £750,000 by the sale of Crown jewels. The death took place recently as the result of an accident. of Mr. James Tomiiinson. . who had sat as TAilyrai member for the Gre.we division of Cheshire since 1900. The 'deceased was taking part in a Parliamentary steeplechase at Eppinsr. when lie was thrown from Irs horse, and seriously iniiired in the 1y»ad. . .7 ' A grave scandal, implicat'hg well- known personages moving in socfetv circles nt 'Bremen, is agitating th-> whole of Gennanv. Six arrests have been made, and others for.'whcs'J. ar- rp.pts warrants have -be-wr issued, have fled. Correspondence which has Fein confiscated comprom>s-s a large num ber of people in Bremen. Seventv young nv-n ond ho->-s who have keen examined by defect ivcs sneak of hav ing been drugced with wine and opium and decoved to. a private residence It is st-tc' that the Government! have .cancalled or modified' thciir- in- structions regai'dinT ihe ''vacuatioji of the ii)ter:or. of SomaUlaird in : favor of: coucentrnt'on i-n t-ho co"st. ' 1 A man nam'.d . Jylyi WdRa A ndr-'Wp was fined £50 -t the 'Old BaiUv for having allowed h:s ofiiea in London to be used for hetlinir purpc.g?s ' in connection with y the op"»-at:ons of a tot» l'sr> tor company at Flushing in Holland. Tt is oTciallv announced . tht S;r j John Dickscn-Bovndcr If s been ap pointed to. succeed Lord Plunket as Governor of New 'Zealand. The latter lias been crcn+WI n gHMfi Queen Alexandra, in a letter to Gene ral Booth, the head >of the Salvation Army, wishes him evciy blessing, and hopes that he will be long preserved to continue his good and valuable work. In . the United States House of Representatives the coalition of in surgent Republicans and Democrats rejected the credit for the Speaker's motor car. The Speaker (Air. Can non) 'defied the insurgents to depose him. He predicted that the Republi cans would again return in the autumnV with full control over the Government of the country. j. A wealthy phManthropist, who wish- | es to preserve his anonymity, has | P'uccd at- the disposal of prominsiu 1 ofiieia's of the British Dcnt..'.i Associ ation on easy terms a .sum of £200.000 for the purpose of extending "the 'benefits of efficient dentistry. It is proposed to establish dental in stitutions in London and the provinc es, and to bring the services of skilled dentists within the reach of the lower-middle, and poorer classc-s who arc willing to pay moderate charges adiustcd to their means. j Mrs. Blanche F.adley, a novelist, : and nnotho," lady have issued sum monses against Mr. Frank Curzon,' j who they complain turned them from j the doors of the Prince of Wales ! Theatre, in .London, because tlicy were'- wearing hats measuring a yancl in width. ' "I The Supreme Court at Capetown j has acquitted Major Ronald AlacLe'an. | who was charged with the murder of his daughter's ' fiance. The latter, whoso name was Baroue. was dis covered to be a married man, with the I'enutfit.ion of a card-sharper, and a betrayer of women. The death took place in London last week of Mr. Thomas F. Walsh, 'who was associated with the late King Leopold, of Belgium in gold minine ventures m Colorado. The deceased, issaid to have left a fortune of 10 -millions sterling.,. , .Alajestv the Qucch, accompanied by the Princess Victoria, paid a two- hours' visit- to the ljfouse of Commons and listened to the Prime Alinister's and Air. Long's speeches on the veto resolutions. The royal visitors after wards took tea with Airs. Lowtlior (wife of the Speaker.) On Thursday the Queen will leave for Genoa for a cruise on the Med i tcrran can . The United States Supreme Court has in consequence of the death of J ustiico Brewer, and the illnoso t! T" l,sco Aloody, ordered that the appeals in connection with tbe conviction of the Standard Oil Com- t A scene from " Tl.e Hc-rj- WUlovv," cvhieh is to te stngel tor the Orel time in Kalgoorlie on Monday, April IS. I ipany and the American. Tobacco' Trust for bi'eaches of the . Anti-Trust Law shall be argued over again. The ' re- arguments will probably extend into the autumn, in which/case, the, decisionV on tlic appeals will be given d'urinJ- next, winter. .. .. . The .Countess" of Dudley, . '. who ro: cent-ly underwent, a serious operation, is making excellent progress. She is,- now able to' take exorcise-, .out oi' doors, and hopes soon to lie able- to sail for Australia. The scheme for preserving the; ''Aulcl Brig of Ayr," which dates probably from the end of" the fifteenth century, has been completed at a cost of £11,000. The strike at AIar9eilles shows signs rtf r>n1Uncnn<v TUa»a - «_ I.' J jji AllvlC tvLf/ ilv« Ulliy 500 reservists on strike. MTalleys comet was seen through a 27in. telescope from the University Observatory at Vienna, recently. Ow ing to cloud banks only the body of the comet was for a short while visi ble on the eastern horizon. An Unearned Increment Tax Bill was introduced in the Reichstag at Berlin. Under this measure munici-' pai'. ties- -levying the unearned incre ment tax on the sale of real estate will be required to lmnd to tlio Im perial Treasury 6 rcr cent of the tax. Tn the Prussian , Diet Hcrr Breten- bach (.Minister for Public Works), stated that for the' first time in his tory last year's rov«nue exceeded £.50,000,000. The surplus over the EsUmate:? amounted to £3.200.000. The Danish Minister in London I has explained to Air.. T. A. Cnrrhlan ! (Agent-General for New South Wales) I that his recent warning to emigrants ainmist going to Sydnev from Den mark, was made on what ho consider-; rd to. he suflktert aiHliorit-v. The Danish Consols in Australia had been instructed to report upon the mat ter. and if the statements originally made were found to be untrue or ix- anvrei'atod the Fore><m Officn at Copen- haonn would issue the necessary cor- rretlon. A misunderstanding re>rn rdin-f a sio'iml vs-i'fn-I in a m-emalure. blast- '"T -exoloi-'on in a vailwav cutting at. Nov- Up, jn Texas, recently, with the result that. 14 men were blown to atoms. Tlx: trial of Dr. Bennett Clarke Uvdo on a charge of having murdered Uc:;n;l Thomas Swope, a millionaire philanthropist, and eight members of i .is .„aln,i,'y' been eommenccd at G.ty. I hj emp-anneiling or the jury will fake several days to-' complete. J | ''aufl vizier of Morocco, Rid' el Madam CLowi, has boon poisoned and his recovery is regarded aS doubl- ... . 11,0 tl,rce wives of the Grand \izier -arc suspected of the attempt on his Jiie. It is officially announced at (V.n stantmople that- the rebellious 4.1'- a- nian tribes at Pristina have been d.s- perscd. In the Chanvlxw of Deputies at Constantinople, the Grand Vizier declared that the pacification of Alba- nifv u gotri'phicai roc2ssfity. Tlio " Westminster Gazette " congra tulates New Zealand upon the ap pointment. of Sir .John Dicksmi-Poyn- cici as Governor of the Dominion. It state,-? that as a politician Sir John mid a liking for independent thought. He had shown a capacity for hard work as a soldier, legislator, county councillor, and land - owner, and his temperament, adds the " Gazette," should appeal to practical colonists: Ihe annual British Association foot ball match between Wales and Ireland lcsulied in a victory for Wal-es by four goals to Ono. Tlie executors of ilie-bt: Charles John Die'rins (one of the, found fs cf the large drapery house of D'ckens and ! Jones, .Regent-street, Louden) have begun an action for .damages a/ainst Christie. Alans'ou aiid Woods, auction-' eeis; for negligence in allowing snu- riou's articles to appear up"ii the ci'ta- logue .of the old china s >1 : at which the late Charles -John Dickins made extensive purchases from a dealer named Arthur Thomas Ell's. (Tn Alav of last year -the executors of the late .C. J. Dickins obtained a vcrd'ot for Hie recovery of £10.312, which tlw 1m te Air. Dickins had paid to Ellis frr spu rious articles . repr sentcd cs old china.) Miss Madge Mcintosh (Airs. Graham Browne), the well- known actress, has secured a divorce, on the smmds of the desertion and adultery of her bus- ! band, a leading actor. Thw profits from . the Casino « t Monte. Carlo "for the past 12 months amounted to .£120,000 above tlios i La the "previous 'year.- - ' ' Mr. Hughes, Governor of New York Rtate,. iri- a message, to the State leg islature:, ' at Albany/demands, -.a.- searL'hfng",.inc|uiry. into the ' acts of political- eovrupiion which were . re cently brought to ' light. j The first exemption from the Un'ter: i States law of 1907 f<wbidding ih: entry of aliens suffering from com- ! municable diseases lias been granted i in the case of Air. Georsre Romanes. I son of the founder of Ihe Romanes Lectures, at. Oxford University. Aljr. Romanes, wno .is suiTcring irom tub-, erculosis, has been allowed 'to proceed to Colorado, upon his giving a bond of £200 to observe precautions atratnstl spreading infection during the visit. In the House, of 'Commons Colonel Seely (Par'iamontary ' LTnder-Secretary for the Colonies), renlied to a sug gestion by Air. W. Thorne , (Labour), that slnverv analogous to that whiriri existed during the .employment . of ' the. Chinese eontinues in full swing on Rand. He emphasised the contention Ihat there was a great difference be tween imported men who were out laws and the Kaffirs, who wore. liv ing 'and working under the ordinary law. The Labor! tes and the UniouisIs further heckled the Alinister on the sulv ject. . Tn the course of a naoer on the. ! " New Empire." whirii he rend be. fore the Roval Colonial T"st.'tufe. Sir i Gilbert Parker. At.T>.. said that nn I Tmneria.1 Pari' amen tary Federation POATRpd linW'fn 1v» fiiT-flnr» rtlT fliflD if. did. in the dpys of those great dream ers. James .Service , and. .Tari. Holr- mevr. Time. had shown that an T»>- Pemnl Parliament lmd too great, diffi culties and too few n'.'l vantages - .. to PerinH.' r>f tli" fulfilment of. that, r-re-t eonst'tutional dream. A terar'k. for some sort of a "nion woul-1. he lhoi"v|iJ._ \\-fvt . l-«» foimd. Axsti-nb. firmlv siinnnvH bv New Zeelamd. G»» "e Colonv end Net'el.- l>ed iineitin- T->r> foundation oF a reel Tmnerini navy. A ndot-Kont . carisi7ied off Ce'>->- Yretel v-5i'h tte r-siilf I hat. 10 of the I oeeupants were 'drowned. The Beri-'n eorresponflent of th" " Da'Iv Afnil ." states that the Kaiser hr.s crdorrid the computeory in- troduction offootbaii in the German Army , with the hope of increasing the physical and moral value of the troops. He is also iutroducino- tUir- of-war and track athletics among the .soldiers. Settlers in British Columbia rcceutly eonimunicutcd with Sir John Taverner (Agent-General for Victoria), and stated that they ck-sired to mi«rate, owing to the rigorous climate" of Gii nada. They asked upon what terms. Victoria would grant them land which tney eould work co-operatively and probably hold collectively. Th:y had no desire to speculate in land, economy being their only reason for co-ooera- tion. One thousand families, eoulxl, they estimated, lie mustered in Brit.';'-- Columbia for migration to Victoria if the terms were favorable. Sir John Taverner replied that the Yic- tonan Immigration Delegation would probably return to Alelbourr.o via oanada, and interview representatives or the dissatisfiod settlers. Tn the meantime, lie added, he would com- municate with his Government on tlio ' matter. Percy Holtend Ecs m h-s teen com- mitt'xl for trig i on a elm r go of bavin. be0n connected with the frmuls e!; fcd' to have been oomnrttcd hy Pinsv Arontagu or Egweiia (" La Alilo ") and Ferdinand Egceno. Mr. Woodhead, editor of the "N.-it 'l Mercury, was.- kill ?d iii a motorin. i accident at Durban: ' ' -r " Owing to tlie loss of the s.s. Poriel s 1 the- nndenvriterg at: a meotino' at Lloyd's decided to ask for more favor able ratrs of insurnn:;e on Australian cargoes. The Dominion Conservative caucus at Ottawa has passed, a resolution of implicit confidence in the leadership of Air. Borden. The Austrian battleship Zrinyi (15,000, tons) ha 9 been l.iurc'ied. H ;r armament- includes lour 13in., eight 9 a In., and twenty $in. gups. = . I he B-'i'lin pobee have 'discovered . .that a former chimney sweep was the : crganisei- of the notorious interna tional gang of hotel thieves. The sweep, it appears, utilised his chimney climbing powers to enter hotels, and he a! terwards organised a gang of 30. actual thieves, in addition to agents .and receivers... .'..This -.gang . mas respon sible for the robj erv: of. £24,000 worth of jewels' / from, the Gr ind Hotelj) at. Genoa, on .J uly 7, 190d; Se\ entoeii arrists in c-wnucctibn with the gang's operations-, .have -teen made, in difurent continentnl cities. The police in the German capital estimate that 1 etwicn 1902 and 1907 the chimney sweep and his associates secured p-und r to the value of £200,000. Router's correspond nt at Rome states that ATr. Roc seel - is r -ported icrw iiiaur-zio, in the north of Italy, where lie is staying, to have declined to 'bo a e -nd'dat i for the next Presidential election in the United States. Ex-L'residonl Roosev-e't is pra cnt'ng .to the British Aluseum a valuable col lection of the smaller Afr'cjn mam mals. Inquiries recently made by the Ger man Bureau of 'Popular Welfare in 125 towns m Germany revcL-el the fact that 22,000 children in -the winter and 36,000 in the summer are sent to school without breakfast, while 1> 0,000 children in the w'nt r and 113,(00 in 'tho summer have to go without din ner, and 22,000 arc sent to bed with out supper. The cause of these priva tions is said to te tlic poverty of the people ond the fact, that the mothers have to leave their homes to take work. The bureau deprecates the id a of making the feeling of school chil dren .obligatorv upon the State, and it advises, ihe esGiiilishnwint of indepen dent organisations to feed the chil- dren, the cost to he recovered from -the parents if the 'latter be in employ ment. The three ovnerimccd mountaineers cr'nt from America to- Alaska to test' the truth of Dr. Cook's story that he ascended Alomit AI'Kinlcv climbed to the summit of the mountain, but fail ed te find any trace of Dr. Cook hav ing been there. Sneak; iitr at. leads. Airs. Bramweil Booth (wife of the Chief of Staff ol < lie Salvation Army) denounced the aotion of o'jents in taking batches of Fairlish girls of from 11 years to 14 years of age to dancing schools in Paris. F. Woot.ton. tho well-known Aus tralian jockey, has been suspended froni riding for two mouths by the English Jockey Club, after inquiriiio- Into a complaint lodged by . Alahciq the American jockey. ' hAfter a hear n-.- that has lasted f0r \- days, Judge Law ton, of Boston, has dismissed the claim of a Dakota ranchman to lie the long-lost son of the late ft-enator Russell, of Aleirosc, Alassaehu.v: t-ts, who left an estate worth a million dollars. In spite of this judicial finding, popular opinion is still, as it has ben all alon-x, strongly in favor of the claimant. A Renter's message from St. Fcters- buig suj s that 130 tons of dvnaniito blew up in the roadstead ol the Japa nese port- of Kobe, and that- great da- maiie was. .done to the city. Women's riots in New York led to the clos-ng of hundreds o? butchers shops. The women's indignation was due to a statement that double prices were charged for Australian and New Zealand beef imported via England. Lhe fire on the Ocean Steamship Co.'s Telamon, which put into Pcrim, rs in her No. 1 lower hold, which is full of apples. Water was pumned in to the hold for three- hours, and steam and carbonic aoi-d gas were afterwnrds injected. The fire, however . is still smouldering, and the captain recom mends that the 'tween decks cargo of wool should be discharged. The steam er Sorincberg put into Aden with h- r No. 3 -hold on fir;.. As the fire is- very difficult tq reach the . discharge. of cargo froni lier :xo. ;2. hold has bc:ii commenced.: . li.tlie Qucjljee Legislature, the Prem ier, Sir Loiiier Goui n . , announced the intention of the GovciTmient to pro1 Libit the export- of pulp wood cut on Crown lands, thus compelling its manufacture in the pro'.fnce. Tho French Court of Cassation has decided that a certified idiot, unless otherwise disqualified is entitled to vote at elections. Kru'pns Gcrmania Shipy,,rl at Kiel, has secured the contract for the third n' the German battleships of the 1910 programme. The " Times " correspondent ,at Berlin says that this vessel represents- the beginning of the fourth batch of four Dreadnoughts, und she has -been begun without yyaiting for aiiy possible improvement in - her type. Hence arrangements -are , possiblii at any time for , having., threei of the same type hereafter embodied- in .the estimates for '.Ibn . financial year 1911: He adds that Gi'i'niaiiy'.'has now thirteen Dreadnoughts' and four . -Tni viiycibks ( built or building. U The four Dreadnoughts decided upon by tho Austrian Government will be completed by 1913. Arrangements haie been made for the preliminary work before th© necessary, credits are granted. ' 