JEWS OF THE WEEK. , fne new Wagga hospital is free' of iiebt. Miss Plelen.Inglis,, 70, was found dead tn bed at Camden. A Maryborough, V., miner has been fined £50 for illicit traffic In gold. Ttrin for South Africa J ? MT. r !»'«=» **.'*? — '? ? ? 7 — ? . ?? ' I od Oct'ober 5. I I Many disappointed prospectors .are re-. I I turning from Tanami. ? Rev. James Paterson, M.A., died at Asli | R flfcld last week, in his 78th year. - ' I Alterations are ? contemplated to the. I Sjdaey G.P.O. t0 tlie extent of £15,500. I The Nathalia district, in Victoria, has suffered severely by floods. I Thirty-seven cases of diphtheria oc I : cared in Broken Hill within a fortnight. 1 Several members of the Scott Antarctic. ! expedition have arrived in Brisbane en \ route to New Zealand. I in unknown man was cut to pieces by | a train near Avondaie, on the Queensland l ! North Coast line. i 'gydney Kidman has returned to Adelaide, ' | jft'er riding from Oodnadatta to Queens i j tod with his two daughters. / I j James Sills, who has. resided in the I ! De^pwater district for 60 years, died last | week at the -age of 95. .? At Sbuth Geelong a two-year-old child. I I named Maggie Bourke fell from a moving ! train and had her skull fractured, i William Hodges, a pioneer Laborite of the Upper Hunter, died at Muswellbroolt f last week. s \ The death has occurred, of George ? Faith - I full, of Irrveralochy. Estate, Goulburn. He.. was in his 65 th year. . | ; John McVilley, stationmaster at Evan I ; aale Junction, Tasmania, was found/dead I \ in bed. ? * , ? ' : I i Speaker. Bell, of . the Queensland Assem f ' biy, who has been dangerously ill for 1 ?} ifeveral weeks, is rioiv rapidly recover ing. I : Harry Mewkill, 4 Jyears of age, -vyas [ ^ Kled by a motor car driven by. pivH. 'I-I. I j Piianing, at St. Arnaud, V. : : . ? - - | \ At:'Bellingen„- Johjli-McGuire, teamster,,. * | of Dorrigo, died from injuries received ; through a waggon passing over his hips. Frank Fox, 25,? an ironmoulder, had his, D left foot severely scalded by molten iroh at a foundry at Alexandria, j ' At Strathdickie, Q., a woman named ! it : Moilie, who was the wife of a- Kanaka, Billy Boslem, was found dead in bed with i0 . her skull fractured. ??_/-? George H. Thomas, -who recently arrived at Coonabarabran to take over the * m an - i], agement of Ulamambri Station, died last 1; . - . ?? v:' ' ' ' .? - The death has occurred . at thfe age of : : 77 of Richard Ezzy, of Grose Vale, Kur I. ; rajong, N.S.W. He had' resided in the i 5 district all his life. , j ih * News has reached New Zealand from i ; the islands of the rescue of nine - natives x ? of Raratonga who had been adrift for 12 jlj ; days without food or water; ' Tasmania threatens to take a test case ; to the High Court regarding the restric k, . tions placed on her exports by the other States, especially in regard to fruit. IC Edith Isabel Bannister,, a State school ' : teacher in Victoria, obtained £10.0 dam ages against Robert Noble, a farmer, for jj, breach' of promise, of marriage. ^ George Cameron has been committed il, for trial in connection' with, the death of . the German seaman Vinlt,. who was killed 0 during a hotel brawl at Newcastle. At Roma, Q„ a boy' named James l0 ; IVker, after saying that he was eating tolly, suddenly shouted that it was cyan s' ? Me, and dropped dead. It ' A Swedish scientific expedition, has ar rived at Fremantle, and will take up re : ? seorch work in the north-west of West lc ; ; ralia. - ; ; j The body of Michael Foley was found \- ; alongside the road five miles from Mud \ see.' His clothes had- 'caught' fire, and; he : was burnt to death. i i „v ... .. . .] A Border Leicestershire ,ewe owned i.by ? H.:M. Sutherland, Lara, Geelong- district, ; has in three years ? given birth to ten i lambs. ? During the voyage of the! barque -Kil- : mallie from 'Santos to, Newcastle, in. a ; ; heavy gale, Captain McKenzie fell from ( i the poop to the mam' deck, ':and was j ; killed. ;V::. i £ /-.;./ i ' Through a ' ' dingy capsizing ? near | : Queenscliff, v., two fishermen- ' named f ; Ikin, father^ and soni had to swim ashore, f : a feat which they , a,ccompljshed with j ; great difficulty; - | A* Gin . Gin, Q., Rev. George Hart, Ap : Bli'can minister, and his wife, were driv ; ; inv in a sulky- when the horse ran into a gut\er and they, were -thrown out. Mrs. ; Har\ \ya^ killed. ' , ; ? CoUyfiel A,, j. Godley, Asst. Adjt. General, Aldershot, has been, appointed Commandant of the New -Zealand forces. i salary is £1000 per year, with £200 \- house, allowance. i Victorian .Premier asserts that if \ e Melbourne Tramwaly Company does ; lot -voluntarily adopt sectional fares,, it i should be compelled to do' so by legisla i tion. -; , . -1 -, The Queensland Government has decided j 0 make an allowance of .£26 per' year -for | each of the children of Constable Price f , /!° was murdered at Maclcay in 1905), i until they are 15 years old. ? ' ' I Payment to Dalgety and. Co., Ltd., of ; 1 fn. ;8s- f°i' the hire of ; two motor-cars ' I k-\ fme days in connection with Lord i - J, !jenei''s visit. The dinner given to | 10ls-ner at Parliament House cost £312 : at^.J. Paterson, Presbyterian Minister | . l°iien Hill, abandoned' a service and ? -^e is suffering from nervous t °Vl11 .Qwing to the death of his CQn r an^ the. fact that not one of his Many homes were isolated during the floods in Wimmera, Vic. Eight attempts have recently been made to wreck trains in Victoria. : A man named -Frost 'fell off a tram car at Fremantle, and was ;kille,d.- . At Brisbane, 18 of the crew of H.M.S. Challenger are suffering from mumps. The N.S.W. Alliance proposes to es tablish temperance hotels .'in the -country. An elderly man named Wilson Wylie Coburn shot himself fatally in Yarraville Gardens, Melbourne. Archbishop Wright, of Sydney, asserts that- the stipends , of the clergy are In many cases inadequate.: . , The West Australian Assembly has been discussing the abolition, of State Go vernors. , ' George Cardy, 73, caretaker f of.v the Wagga Coursing Club, ..Plumpton, fatalily shot himself with a, p^a-r rifle. The Postal Commission has at last fin ished its work, and the report will be is-^ sued at an early date. Charles Duffy fell 60ft. down a winze at the Junction North Mine, Broken Hillr and 'escaped with slight injuries. On the deviation works near Lithgow, a railway waggon bolted, and 16 men ? were injured. ? The death is an'noiyiced at the age of 67 of Thomas McGi'ath, one of the oldest settlers in the Bathurst district. Henry Bath, a weil-ltnown Ballarat re sident, dropped dead while on a visit to his son at Broken Hill. - During 1909, 4399 immigrants arrived in Queensland and paid. £32,712 into the Savings Bank. ? ~ - j After winning a woodcliopping contest at Warner's Bajr, Newcastle, Robert Wm. Handcock, d9, dropped dead. Sir George Jenkins, Victorian Clei'k of Parliaments, is to retire after 47 years' service/. .. : ; Miss Mason,' 35, was' found .drowned in a pool of water at O'Halloran Hill, S.A. She had been in ill-health. - ? The ., gold,, yield of Queensland for ;^iag9st^asi3.d,7a4-/6-ancesl compared with 42,687 in . August last year. The choral championship 'of Australia ;has been won by tlie Blackstone and Ips iWiclr^ Cftiji.brian^ .jCh^ir of Ipswich, Q. ; Following on the Queensland success, it'he -;South Australian ^Anglican ..Synod, is ; commencing : 'a^campajfeh -to have. ' parsons; :'in. S^ate schopis/ ..' - , y'\\. l-.'i 1-':. Margaret Parker, of Bendigo, has ob tained £150 damages from. Thomas Hall, of Toora, Gippsland, for breach of pro - mise. . ; -';1 ' - In their new Land Billj the New Zea land, Government seek 'power to compul sorily take oil lease large estates for sub division. - The Health Society of New South Wales objects to the manner in which the footpaths of Sydney are swept, and sug gests flushing with water, Horace Norgrove, a. solicitor's clerk, who. had been arrested for embezzlement at Ohakune, N.Z., leaped from a train while in custody, and was lulled. A Sydney burglar, after robbing the Methodist ^Book Store, left a polite note signed ' Bill the Burglar,' and. intimating, that lie would call again. Laurence Tyrell, 38, boatswain* of .the Sydney collier Barrabool, was severely burnt about' the' hands and face, as the result of an e-xplosipn of a kerosene lamp. Alter saying- that life was not worth living, John C. Jones, an Adelaide youth, succumbed to strychnine poisoning, self administered. The deaths are announced of three old Bathurst residents: John C. Marka, 67; Marjcrie Moffatt, 81, and Stephen ..Dun levy, 7S. . . . ... ; A Frenchman named Ne^plandardier hanged himself in Darlinghurst Jail while awaiting trial on a cahrge of stealing postal notes. ? ? - Through striking his shin on a wheel barrow, ^'Thomas -Pearson, 24, ? a Sydney wool-scourer, developed lock-jaw, and | died. . During an aboriginal fight at Lavei'ton, W.A., nine natives were killed and many injured. The Darlot tribe raided the | Laverton natives, and the police are in pursuit of the raiders. Six brothers named Barton met in Sydney last week? to celebrate the 80th birthday of the eldest. Their combined ages totalled 421 years, and they had not been united for 30 years. The Perth Women's Service Guild has recommended the compulsory use of the lash for offences on women and children. For continued offences surgical treatment -is recommended. . In .the Central. Criminal Court, -Sydney/ Acting- - Justice' Fitzhardinge _ condemned the practice -of counsel attacking sthe character of -witnesses when no evidence is advanced to substantiate -the attacks. ' Wreckage has been found at Currie. Harbor,' King Isla.na, ; corresponding 'with the missing ' Danish : barque I?rinsesse Marie, which,, disappeared some months ago. _ - ?' -?/? ' ? ? - ; -? ?' _ i, On a charge of being in possession of gold ?suspected' of having been, stolen, Chas., Byrne, ex -manager ot the Tarcoola Blocks ?Mine, was at Adelaide' sentenced to two months' imprisonment.- ' At ' Indddr'oop'iiiy, ~Q.,' a man' ' named M'Kellar. was guilty of the indiscretion of looking, fpr a leak- in a gas tank with a lighted match in ..his' hand. 'H6, escaped' with slight injuries.- . ' 'The practice of searching for a gas leak with a lighted match led to a violent explosion at the residence of John Cajnpr bell, a Petersham milkvendor. Campbell and his wife and a servant girl were se 'verely- burnt- about the- face appi-arSa of The Metropolitan' Hotel, Gladstone, Q., has been destroyed by fire. At Nambour,. Q., Walter Scott, 23, was killed while scrub falling. Glen Innes' is considering a scheme for a new water supply to cost £26,000. Di*. H. M. Hewlett, of Melbourne, as serts, that Australia is . the home of quackery: . . : Mr. Balkenburg, secretary of the Leon ora Hospital board, rW.A., committed suicide by shooting himself. Three very old residents of Bingaradied la.st week: Peter. Newman, 75; William Synions, 80; and -WlUiam' Garter, 84. News has been brought to Sydney of Cannibalism in t:he islands of the Bismarck Archipelago. . - --? A ; trader named ' Thom'as, with two colored men lias 'been drowned at Port Moresby, Papuan .! f . At Perth, John .Taylor, accused of hav ing procured the murder of an aboriginal, ?was found not. guilty. - ; Ruby Wilkinson,, wjio was injured dur - ing'-a tram and catt'.cQllision at Drum moyne, died from her injuries. V .At Broken Hill, Richard Rankin, 70, .'attempted to ' commit suicide by cutting his throat. . ,y - . ? rBig earthquake shocks'; ' have been recorded at the Riverview- observatory, Sydney. Earth tremors _. have also been indicated 'at Melbourne. Andrewr Angus, 15, who was. dashed against a tree when riding on Tantitah Station,- near Bundaberg, ? succumbed to his injuries. - . ... ... .- . . -- ' The population' of 'West Australia at the end of August iXas. ' 284,451, being an in crease for the month of 1042. / Lady Dudley - has come to the ' reluc tant. conclusion tha.t a scheme/ for tiie. extension of district nursing .in Australia is not wholly acceptable.' - ? v .rln' recognition of her efforts on behalf of the radium fund, Miss Nellie Stewart has been made a life governor, of the i Sydney Hospital.'; - - . Wm. Cronin, the miner .who had been missing from Cooma since August 6, has been traced to Strathf ield, where he has .been forking, as .a rockchoppeiv. ' ? C. Greenfield, of Pakenliam, V., was putting . a- .rug. -on ;a' cow ^ when the beast ?suddenly Iturned ; and ran ' its horn clean tlirough his right cheek., . Frank Bowman, mana,ger of Rutland Station, Mitchell River, in the Gulf coun try, was speared by blacks, and suc cumbed to 'his injuries..- i :. Yet another, railway accident has oc curred in Victoria, a truck at Ballarat damaging a ,§£anding .train during shunt ing operatiprife. ;!- Percy L. Worthington, a well-known resident of Williamstown, Melbourne, while leaning out of a railway carriage nc-ar Newport, was struck by the open door of a passing- train, and killed; } At Longford, near Launceston, two young sons- of .'Leslie Cooper, a painter, were locked in a stable whilst their mo ther went out. The . stable caught fire, and the boys were burnt to death. News from Port Darwin states that a Chinese ran amok at Foxmtain Head, killed another Chinese, and severely in j jured a ? blackfellow . and three more Chinese. Fie' also burnt down seven or eight cottages, and is still at large. Sir T. Carlew Martin, editor of the 'Dundee Advertiser,' is visiting Australia as the leader of the Scottish- Agricultural Commission which is to inspect the lands of the Commonwealth for the benefit of prospective Scottish immigi'ants. 