CANADA'S B1IG LEAD.. But inasmunch as it is men and womenll that the colonies primarily need, and as ii is those most needed are the working dlasses, our interest is mainly with the elementary free schools. Canada aswak ened rei'y speedily to wŽat a Europe that could read meant to emigration. All through there has been a great broad natiomnal spirit in the immigraLtion policy of the Dominion. She has realised that popnulation she must have. .tAnd to get it she has made many eacrifices that Australia hla shirked. She has sent tihe ratepayers' money. and has sometimnes flooded the ratepayers' labour market, and yet all parties, alive to the ultimluate and general good, have approved. She has declared that if she could nlot get all she vanted from Great Britain she would take the next best-she would draw on the United States and on Europe. She has told of Canada, rich and inviting, from end to end of Great Britain and the United States, and over the greater part of tile Continent. The peasant and the artisan and the labourer of half the countries in Europe may read of Chnada in their own tongue. Canada as a new home, Canada where the foreign labourer may earn shillings while he now earns pence, and whers the peasant may own a square mile while he now, owns (or leases) five acres or less-all this is 'told simply and gra phlically and appealingly to hundreds of thousands of young Europeans who hl the past generation or two have learned to read and write. The Dominion has showered the Continent with transla tions of her pamphlets, and has taken rich return in the cream of the workers. For a year or 'two these campaigns were costly and their results limited. There is prejudice to fight down and finaninnal difficulties to surmount. But the stream. once started, gathers as it goes. If you could take a reckoning of all the money spent on fares to thq United States and Canada in the past 20 years you would find that nearly the whole of it had been earned in America. And this is why America's immigration has been amazingly successful. A Danish family unites and sends out one member. ]Ie succeeds, and finances mi second. The two finance the rest. More; they get them work. The keen, ambitious "newcomer' is not the one who loses his job and bi comes a tax on the state. 