PROTECTION AND IMMIGRATION. • In our cable , messages- tins* week Sire . two items -. worlhy . ot notice, namely, . one. relating to Sweden, , ithe -other relating ! to Denmark. ' Supcrflcial. thinkers may say that both o! those messages, showing that Ministers ..Cor Foreign Affairs. . in .the,. countries ' named,!when, seeking to dissuade -.their people, from emigrating to Australia and New Zealand, because of.the diffi culty ,o! obtaining a, living in those countries, did1'only a very simple thing. In the estimation of such super ficial thinkers, the Minivers' Acts ore only matters of prudence. We feel sure that the notices said to , have been issued by ithe Ministers .were in terms which '..showed that.they were intended to give sot mere prudential advice, but economic .... information. The}1 did: not - speak «of - the •.//•'"difficulties o! obtaining subsistence." . .Those, are generic, terms. The Ministers , ' fin question must have, used specific terms.' They must have told their people that in • {Australia, and in New Zealand, tho-* cost ' of living is so great that Swedish • and '"'•.'•Danish wage earners may find "it difficult . to obtain a Ii;ing. . If these Ministers .. . are worthy of the' places they occupy, ;: ftbey. must have* observed : that the higher :A rate* ;of living has - ajt 1 adequate .cause. ' jWbat causes the rate of living in Austra \ . lia and New • -Zealand to be so high ? ,There - .is only" one- cause. Prices arc ' .high-when commodities to be bought are. scarce; and commodities to be bought are scarce from one. "or two causes.' Either there is.a shortage of production, ' or there is production under conditions which tend to raise prices. What arc . those conditions ? Indisputably, protection , is one of tbera. In America, there now is a • powerful agitation for higher .wages, because the cost of living Is so much higher. Protectionists . affirm that this higher cost of living is not due to protection. Some other per sons, whether of protection ot frcetrade parties, tbey being persons of common sense, declare that protection alone is the' , ' primary cause of the higher cost of. . living. - . Mr. James Hill, a well known American authority in these affairs, recently speak . mg at Washington, salu: The cost of living is raised by the relative scarcity of bread ,r.nd by.the artificial increase in the prices of all manufactured articles. . Other interesting statements on this \- subject aio contained in a circular issued by Messrs. John W. Davis and L'o., bankers, of New York, who say: "Pros perity was unfairly, divided, wages ad . - .vancing a moderate percentage .of- the in creased living cost,- while salaries re mained unchanged, so that what was rsufficicntin 1836-8,for comfortable living, •life insurance provision, education of children, Ac., became in 1906 hopelessly, inadequate. In consequence, a numerically . important bodv of men forcibly • demanded investigation and remedy.. The gold dollar - bad been established, but-its purchasing power had «UIlen to 60 or 70 per cent of iwhat it had been, and was 10 to 20 per cent under its purchasing value for most necessities in other countries. , Profes '' sional and salaried men had no share in jthe greater wealth; the labourer a small • portion; the farmer a large return for his • products, largely offset by greatly in creased cost of everything he used, for •jtho beneficiaries were ' mamly manufac '• fturers, .whether in trusts or independent, land incidentally, .owners of railroads and those moneyed .institutions' which' financed new methods of commercialism." And fc'aen, further dealing with the "in fant industries" argument,' Messrs.-Davis sajcj The intelligent voter, recognising that lie paid more for clothing, foodstuffs, medicines, . furniture, rents, dec., than, his neighbour- in- less tariff- ridden coun -tries,, believed that whereas he had con sented years ago, and perhaps wisely, to a tariff to protect - "infant- industries" and to ^maintain high wages,-his action had resulted , in creating an oligarchy ol manufacturers, largely- combined in trusts, whose "infant industries" had developed into giants able to produce at smaller cost than rivals in any other land, whose labour cost cut small figure, who gave to him nonc of the benefits of protection, against rivals and the right to combine, and who resisted in Congress through "its senators and representatives every effort to correct abuses. y Other American writers of acknowledge*! authority ; nre' even more emphatic the same subject.'! And the following, from the "Daily .Mail," of London, 2flth December last, a paper that . not' be accused of frectrade. tendencies,. is an additional light on the same sub ject. That paper said: "The high cost, of living in America is to be thoroughly discussed at a conference of railway managers, and employees , on • Mtmday next. If the programme of "the Brother hood of Railway. ;Employecs\is" carried out, managers'will be confronted : with demands for increases in _ wages ranging from 5 • to 40 ; per cent on the wages of 75,000 employees. . Ii these demands are* not granted, Mr. H. D. Perbam, ' head of the 'railway "department of the Araeri-' can Federation of Labour,' declares the advisability of - ageneral' strike of rail waymen / being . immediately considered. The railways have already; .announced unofficially that their attitude towards the demands of the men will' not be arbitrary one." These quotations suffice for showing , that in the opinion of well informed persons, protection raises the cos"t- of living, and it . has to be horno ; in mind that foreign Govern ments are making notes,' - and uttering' warnings concerning; the effects or pro tection in" Australia and New . Zealand. They ato'showing that it must.seriously affect emigration > from - vthose-' countries, .the emigration of, persons " who .• would make first-class settlers ; for' • Australia^ The whole, thing may . he taken1 to show that- while protection may be a' .very' good thing- for 'the wage.earner," who is protected, it. is a very, had thing for the wage earner who is not protected. It is a case of top dog and bottom dog, while so few. dogs are: on tbctopr antl so many dogs.ate at£.the' bottom. 