f:?. :i- .^^ER^-4^tM^3|SV^!./;Pp ' i ' I/ONDON. Febriiarv^:' I Some remarkable frauds have beeiT dis- closed in. connection with a fcrw- Siiifc1 brought by various authors ?'.-, against th« estate 'of the iate Addison Bright; a drajria tic authors' agent. Deceased was found |o have defrauded Mr. J. M. Batiie, Sir'Al-; thur Conan Doyle, Mr. Stephen 'Phillips, tnd'Mr; Louis K. Parker of £28,000/ r&uei; in conbection with American royalties pay-t abl-? on ? their clays. Mr. Barriediscoveieed' the frauds -when Addition Bright's executors asked liiin1'- to look in to his' accounts. '.\ The/ investiga tion resulted in the repayment to Mr. Barrie' or £l«,000j which had been -wrong' fully appropriated. . . ' Zuicho. a Japanese explorer in Chinese Turkestan, has discovered ^30 Buddhist scrolls, wJiicli date back to various perioife between the 'second arid( the -seventh centu ries afte^ Christ. ' ???.?-? ??/ . Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett Burdett-Ooutts, who inherited an enormous fortune from his wife, the late Baroness Burdett Coutts, has- offered to the promoters of tlje Festival of Empire the. use- of orie of his town residences, 81, Piccadilly, asr a clubhouse for 1,200 colonial delegates pai1 .ticipatinR in the pageant. Arrangements are being made for the -delegAtes to visit' 'various places of interest in England. '' By the wills proved at Somerset House, London, in January, no less than £l,000,WW was bequeathed for public uses in ' Great Britain. . For the last fpnr years the be quests amounted to £18,500,000. ??:- - ? February 5. The four German .steamship, lin.es which a few days .ago, 'in' retaliation, for the action of the Uni(Ja Castle' Jjine. in loading steam ers at Antwerp- arid- Hamburg for iast Africa, -. ^.faad.^.tlireateiied to convey cargo to British ' Sbutlf Africa from Southamp ton, Liverpool, London, and Glasgow at 6/ per ton below, the rates of the British Con ference Line of vessels, have agreed to re consider the matter.: They have undertaken to refrain from rate-cutting pending the result of the negotiations they are now conducting with the English lines. Amused, at the antics of a Somali chief tain at Hagenbeck's Zoo, the Kaiser decor ated him. with the Universal Badge or Honor. The Kaiser's extraordinary action has given rise to much comment, and Herr Jidttmarin,1 in the Reichstag yesterday, was loudly cheered 'by the Conservatives when he characterised it as 'utterly out of place.' 7 The receiver appointed bv the New,Ybrk Court haying examined the accounts of ' the notorious -Anna, Princess of Sagan, a daughter of the late Jay GouJd), has .ren dered his report; ', He estimates the value of Jay'. Gould's -estate at £25,000,000. Tho income in' 1903 was ' £939,505, but ' during the panic oi 1908 fell to £570,395. During. the first' four years of Anna's marriage with Count Castellane she was responsible for debts aggregating £1,200,000. Sne is now receiving from tlie estate £40,000 per annum. . Tlie creditors have already re ceived £777,000. ; '..''... The 'Daily, Chronicle,' commenting on the mission, of . Mr. Elwood Mead, head of the Victorian Water-supply Department, to attract' settlers, who 'will be pro vided with' irrigation blocks, states that' it rep'reseutvs a cotup]ete: re versal of the immigration policy of Vic toria, which, from being' the. most back ward, has in . this respect become the most enterprising State in the Commonwealth. At an important conference of horse breeding societies and horseqwners yester day, Lord Middlet'on presiding, a resolu tion was carried in favor of adopting an ear-marking-, system for national defence, and advocating the payment of State. sub- sidies for. breeding. An influential commit tee of --members of both Houses of Parlia ment and' others was elected to further these objects. Lord Erroll stated that the French Government spent no less than £300,000 annually in the encouragement of horse-breeding, and Great Britain a beg garly £5,000. A .sensation has been caused in Cali fornia for the arrest of Carl Mueller, a pseudo baron; ,at Los Aneeles, in Cali fornia, on a charge of having committed bigamy at Hoboken, in New Jersey. He had made a practice of going through the ceremony of marriage with women and then absconding with their savings. Nine teen women who had been treated in this way have been summoned to identify him. Tlie tension between Turkey and Greece is already relaxing in consequence of the.1 Ja tier's formal assurance that no Great representatives from abroad (which would cover the case of Crete) should take part in the National Assembly. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain have gone to Cannes, where they will remain for the rest of the winter.' In 'an international Rugby football match yesterday, Wales scored 14 points against Scotland's nothing. February 6. Advices' from Nicaragua state that de sultory fighting has taken place during the last few days between the Government troops and the insurgents. A- large body of the. latter were am bushed and fled to tlie mountains after los ing heavily. They also*' suffered severe losses in an engagement at . Santo Tomas/ 100 being killed and many captured. Greytown, the principal seaport in the extreme south-east of the Republic, was shelled by the insurgent gunboats, and a serious conflagration was caused. Biitish bluejackets were landed to assist the citi zens in extinguishing the flames. , The Defence Committee, of the Russian Duma Las recommended the Russian Go vernment to acquire a flotilla of airships and accelerate plans for dealing with an enemy's airships in time of war. A sensation lias been caused in the Bri tish art world by the arrest of Oarew Mar tin, secretary of the Royal Society of Bri tish Artists, on a charge of embezzling the \ society's funds. Martin has been remanded on bail at Bow-street on charges of twice forging tlie society's treasumr's name and embezzling £l,u00 in numerous sums. February 7. The popular feeling inv Finland with re ference to the measures for the Eussifica tion of the country is strikingly illustrated by the results of the elections, which have iust taken nlace in the Grand Duchy. Re presentatives of the Socialist and antiRus sian parties were returned in , large num bers. A miner employed in the Meadow col liery, in Staffordshire, had a remarkable escape from death yesterday. He pushed a tub into the shaft unaer the mistaken im pression that the cage was at the top, and fell, with the tub. a distance of 249 ft. into water. He was rescued uninjured. The German cruiser Mainz was launched on Saturday, at Danzig, a seaport in Prussia. I Her steaming capacity is 29 3-5 knots. : i The Turkish Government have adopted Rear- Admiral Douglas Gamble's scheme -for the expenditure of 600,000 Turkish pounds annually for eight' years'on the construction of two battleships, three cruieers, and t«n : torpedo-boat do*trov-TR. The majority of I lie vessels will be built :a Great Britain. The London health authorities have ordered thv. re-exportation of two shipments hi Chinese frozen pigs. The carcases bore indications th;it the animals huil during life fiittVi-ed from swine fever. Thi' clip's match for the championship of t lie wurld Ivtwcen Dr. Lasker (holder) iind Herr f?clilochter (challenger) is being con tinued at V'iocn.i. The first four games were drawn: Schloi.hl.cr won the fifth un expectodlyi tho sixth and seventh were drawn; and now the eighth has been drawn also. Srhleelitar will have won the cham pionship ii he draws two more. The Khedive has convoked a meeting ot lli-! General Assembly, comprising the Le Kislative Council, the seven Ministers of State, and 46 members elected by the peo ple, to consider the draft convention em bodying the terms on which it is proposed to renew the concession held by the Siuez C-iiiiiil Gmipaiiy. Th& German 'imperial and Prussian 4 ^er cent.1, loans, consisting respectively' ot ;*17,000,«00 and '£7,000,000, or a. total 'ot ?£24,000,000, have been over-subscribed. The ? Triinimum had been fixed at £102.'. Tiie debt' of the German Empire now stands at £244,000,000. ' ' ?' '?'??. ' ? The Government of Brazil have; issued ihe prospectus of a new loan of £10,000,000, which they'.requjre for conversion purposes and to defray the cost of 'projected rail Ways. The loan will bear interest at. 4 per Ceiit.. and the minimum has been fixed ?Bt'--£87-l7/6. ?-?.-'? - : ?.The Governments of Italy and Switaerr land are fortifying their respective en-, trances to the Simploii tunnel by depositing explosive mines in secret places inside the tunnel. - - ' ? ? '.??-?-? The Pqpe,has cancelled an .arrangement for the reception at the Vatican of Mr. C. W. Fairbanks, ex- Vice-President of the United §tates of America, who htfs-'been making a tour of the Orient, on the ground that Jje had previously been received ? by King Emmanual and had addressed _ »i gathering representing the Methodist Church.' J The wooden steamer Kentucky, 966 tons, owned by the Alaska and Pacific Steam ship Company, . has gone down off Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. Seams o£ the vessel opened during a heavy storm and the holds and other parts ot the steamer gradually filled with water; 'A wireless telegraphy installation was carried on the steamer and a message was sent to the nearest station, conveying the news that the vessel was sinkihg. A relief ves: sel waSUmme'diately dispatched and she ar rived aiongside the Kentucky-^ when - the vessel was- awash. _ The crew ahdothers' on board -numbered 45, and' all were : saved. '* -The appearance of aeroplanes sailing 'over the Algerian city -of Heliopolis terrified many ? of the Arab residents, w.ao fled ; to places of supposed safety when they saw 'the mysterious things flying round like foir-ds: Ladies of the' harem were permitted to' watch the spectacle from a special grand stand, but they were hidden behind green curtains. ? ? . ? ' ~'i---r; Renter's Agency reports a sensational oc^ curcence at Phoenix, in,the American State, of Arizona, which resulted in the death of | seven people. A Rang of men -were en- ' gaged in blasting operations on a private road, wheb a motor ear, with' seven 'occu pants, approached the spot where a fuse connected with a heavy -charge of dy-. ; namite was burning. The workmen, hailed the chauffeur and informed the party of the danger they were . running. Notwith^ standing the warning, the motorists con tinued their journey, and as the_. car. was passing the place... the explosion occurred,; with the result mentioned. ??*? . '' I The Primate (Dr. Davidson),- .In a letter replying to . an enquiry, by Professor W. R. Tng.e, the. Lady Margaret Professor^ of Divinity at j Cambridge University since 1907, contro- ' verts the Erastiau interpretations set upon the judgment in t 'he deceased wife's sister ease against Canon Thompson, wliich was the result of tho canon refusing to admit to /the communion a parishioner who had married his deceased wife's sister. The Primate adds that Sir Lewis Tonua Dibdin, the Dean of the Arches, who tried T:he case, said nothing implying that tho Church had lost ihe es sential right to determine the conditions of admission' to the Holy Communion. It rested with the Ooiirt of Bishops to ex-| communicate a parishioner or not, and the only question which was submitted to Sir L. T. Dibdin was the validity of the in cumbent's repulsion on his own responsi bility. . . , ? February 8. Sir-J. W. Bull, Conservative member for Hammersmith, in a letter to the news papers, states that trie Miners' Eight Hours Act has caused all-round disappointment. The output of the mines, he declares, has been limited, thereby increa«i;g the cost of coal by 1/ to 1/6 u ton. The workers, it is added, are thoroughly dissatisfied, owing to the restrictions placed by the Act on their earning capacity and the friction re sulting from the rearranged shifts. The town of Lille, in the French de partment of the Nord, has been the scene of a shocking murder. Thain, the cashier ' of the Lille branch of the Bank of France, ; called at a fashionable private house to : receive 4,000 francs due to the bauk, when he was robbed of other money in his pos session and then murdered. HU body was subsequently discovered in a garret of the house. Antoiue Favier. owner of the premi ses, absconded. His wife, however, was ar rested, and while in custody an attempt was made by a mob of 0,000 Lille towns- i people to lynch her. She was arrested j with difficulty by tlie mounted police. Labor circles are greatly exercised over a legal decision given in Connecticut. Members of the Hatmakers' Union to the number of 241 were convicted and ordered j to pay £38,000 in a civil action for boy- ! dotting a firm who had refmssd to 'union- ise' their factories. The case definitely , makes trade unionists financially respon sible for tlie acts of their officers. ' At the instance of the authorities the Swedish newspapers have published the warning lately addressed by Count Morner ' to intending emigrants against proceeding to Australia and New' Zealand, stating that i the difficulties of obtaining employment are greater than they were last year.' Replying to the toast qf the colonies at a banquet given1 by tile Birmingham Jewel lers' and Silversmiths' Association, Mr. -I'.' A. Coghlan, Agent-GenerAl for New South Wales,.. dealt with the Australian preferen tial tariff, and urged British manufacturers and merchants to study the methods of ' their rivals, and meet them with their own methods. ? ? A sensation has been created at Berlin by the announcement that the Kaiser has sentenced the Grown Prince to 48 hours' de tention in the Palace at Munich, for. thoughtlessness in having . neglected to in struct the management of a theatre in \ Munich to. reserve a royal box during ' a i recent performance, -When the Prince's party arrived every box was occupied, andx the Kaiser feels that the dignity of the HohenzoliernB- wan impaired by this ^;on treten-ips. . j ' The Board of Trade returns for January, ! nerrcTiVE OHIGJ fcpiEl&tel; with Ihe corrfs^ndiiiir'nidnjil'^f ?„ j. ; i&ik;&eiLT;, ffoovi &n; ''increasefin importe jo| ' -^ ; pa;#-;79Q, in expofts -of £6,000,0®, and ? re-exports of £1,459#13;\ '?'.'- '*- .i. ' ?Mr. Charles Frohman, manager bt the . iiDuke of fork's Theatre; is about' to pro- - afuee 'tap: late. 'George Meredith's unfiMsaed ?'- -?? ;. ||^edy,.,-^e.^rat)mentiEll.fits.'' ? .-?-?? ??.'.- -'*.??''?'?*? Violet Ohai'leswori/i, whose disappear- [?' . 'ance under extraordinary circumstances,/ , ''-'??' last year caused so much exciti'iBiiit until; '' ' it transpired that she was endeavoring to .. ?: elude her creditors bj- representing that sherT '?' ? - had boen lost in the sea as tlie result otf ^ : , a motor accident on the cliffs, has beeu p.x arrested, with her mother, for obtaining;,.. , money at Derby under false pretences. \' ' ? - Arthur Thomas Ellis, the china dealer, [ who was arested in Holland in November ? lftst charged with having obtained £500 rom .Hx, ; Charles John ?UickTns,Ta ^ collector ?'???. of old china, by false pretences, ias,%fber repeated remands at Bo\E-6treet, been com nitted for trial, . ? - Dv. Miirtin Eckonberg, a Swedish resi dent in London, who was awaiting in the Brixton Gaol. the result of an . application for his extradition to Stockholm, in- 'Con nection with the. dispatch of bombs by . post. to H6rr. Hammar, manager of .. the Swedish Export Association, and Herr Sjoholm, a Gottenburg. manufacturer, yes terday;. died from apoplexy. ? Herr Ham mar's jb'oinb exploded in his hands, blowing ?*? off tjiree fingers. The other bomb reached its intended victim, but missed fire. LThe*ill drafted by President Taft for ? the Federal incorporation of trusts was in troduced into the House of Representa- v tives -yesterday. The. measure enables the corporations to secure a Federal charter if they cnoose, and thus submit tnemselves to the supervision of the Bureau of Corpora tions, Though the trusts are authorised to acquire property, they are debarred- from acquiring the stock of other corporations. The Administration believe that this will prevent stock manipulation of the kind practised by the late Mr. Harrimau, the 'Railway King,' but will permit of normal industrial centralisation. . . - ; x . King Gustav of Sweden, who ascended the throne a : little over two years' ago, has undergone a succeasful operation for ap pendicitis. He had been suffering from in ternal pains since Sunday. Appendicitis was diagnosed. An immediate operation was resolved upon. This took place at mid night, and the patient is progressing satis factorily. .The death ' from heart failure is an nounced of Mr. Francis Quihlan, a Vic torian County Court judge.' Deceased at the time of his death was staying at Oleve don, in Somersetshire. - ? - La M'ilo, the music-hall artist, an Austra- ' \ Han lady, who originally appeared on' tlie Australian vaudeville stage. as Pansy Mon tague, and who took London- by storm by; her 'Hying statuary' representations of * Venus and other -classical figures,, was charged at Bow- street yesterday, together with her husband, Ferdinand Eggena. and Percy. Easton, .a motor car agent, with oo- ?? taining £7,000 worth of jewels by false, pre tences from Mr. Wood, a . jeweller,' oi Brook-street, London. ? . -It. was alleged that ^Eggena represented himself as owner of 25 motor cars, and on the strength of this assertion obtained the jewels, which he afterwards pawned on li» Milo's behalf. Eggena' had previously at tempted to pawn a pearl necklace worth' ; £30,000. . : . ? Accused were remanded, hail being al lowed. Eggena in £2,000, Easton £2,000, and La Milo £500. , . . : : The Glasgow Chamber of Commerce, , fearing the effects upon the Glasgow ship ping trade of the maximum rates lately announced in connectiqnjwith the Port of London, 3T€sterday resdfed to.be repre sented by counsel at the forthcoming en quiry into the schedule. - ??? ? ? Reuter's correspondent at, Cape Town states that the cause of the .failure of the attempt to form a coalition Government, tb . which Mr. Louis Botha and' Mr. Johannes Smutts, of the Transvaal, and Dr. L. S. Jameson, of Cape Colony, were favorable, was the fear in Cape Colony of the Transvaal's predominance. Four Greek brigands, who belonged to the band, who attempted to kidnap ' Mr. Paterson. and held other Europeans for ransom in 1908, have been hanged at Smyrna. - - The Government of Russia have granted the Indian seditionist Rakhein/an asylum, and refused 'to extradite him because lie is merely a political offender. . The French Cabinet have approved a new Navy Bill, which provides for a battle fleet in the home waters of 28 battleships, 10 cruisers, and 52 destroyers. Tiie sub marine fleet will consist of 94 submarines and 4 mine-laying vessels. The .construc tion of six of the battleships will be com menced shortly, and they will be completed by 1915. The age of battleships in active service is fixed at 25 years and cruisers at 20 years, while the life of destroyers and submarines is set down as 17 years. During the approaching social season, Viscount Maidstone, the heir of the Earl of Winchclsea-, will be married to Miss Margaretta Drexel, a daughter of the late Mr. Anthony Dtexel, who was a noted banker and philanthropist of Philadelphia. The Danish Minister for Foreign -Affairs has published in the local newspapers ' a notice with the object of preventing people '^ of that ? country who are thinking of leaving for Australia or New Zealand to . settle there from doing so, as 'the diffi culties of subsistence there have increased considerably.' At a special session of the Octobrist Club in St. Petersburg, some hostile references to ? Germany were cheered by the entire in fluential assemblage, which advocated the closest Anglo-Russian friendship. The 'Times' correspondent at St. Peters burg mentions the prospects of reconcilia tion between Austria and. Russia on the basis of a declaration of non-intervention of the Balkans question and the strict adher ence to the status quo. ' . ' ' TJie British Government have intimated to the Government of China that they must consult Russia arid Japan before en tering into an arrangement for the con struction of the Cbin-Chan-Aigun railway. The Socialists of Breslau, which, in point of population, is the second town in Prus sia and tlie third in the German Empire, are greatly dissatisfied with the Prussian Franchise Bill, because of the narrow fran chise provided for in it. They held a pub lic demonstration to give vent to their feel ings, and the -^roceedinRS became so riotous that tlie police were called upon to quell the disturbances^ which resulted. The in terference of the constabulary was resented and the officers were compelled to draw their sabres and use them freely before or der could be' restored,. Many of the of fending Socialists were wounded during the ' fiflhts which took place. . A fierce and intensely cold gale has been, experienced at Njew York, and scores o£ people have beeti admitted to the hoBpitistlai: ? -;', ??Buffering from exhaustion, and frostbite. Eight deaths, due entirely tb the cold wea ther, were reported yesterday. ??'.'..,. The Kimr and Queen oi Norway, attended - two piano-recitals giveQ by the. AjiBtaalnnu .. player, Percy. Graingeiy and presented , to,-. ' Mm a Imndsonve' 'souvenir. :. . *.J.' /: : ? . . i ' Mr. Goldwin Smith, the famous Ameri can author, had a fall at Toronto, which re. suited in a broken thigh, and anxiety -s felt regarding his condition. _ ; . - j February 9. \ Sir J. W. Taverner, Agent^Gencral for.: Victoria, has chosen a dozen respectable^ lads from nominations received , by Mr. -'Stratford at the 'Emigration Office for a 'year's training on Victorian farms.- They sail by the Miltiades. Their ages range from 16 to 18 years, and they are chiefly shop boys and factory hands. Tlie National Geographical Society of New York have accepted the invitation of the Peary Club to join in an Antarctic ex pedition. The. campaign to raise funds will be started immediately. King Gustaf of Sweden, who was ope rated on for appendicitis yesterday,- is pro grossing excellently. ? I The Turkish Government have appealed \ to Great Britain for the services of an aa . roiral to succeed . Admiral Gamble as or ganiser to their navy. The Calcutta correspondent of the Iron- ' don 'Times' gjaies that a disquieting im pression has Deen created that the conse quences of the hastv withdrawal of the- ad- vanced posts in Sonmliland will be dis astrous to the friendly tribes who relied oil ?British protection and are now suffering reprisals. Professor Gregory, formerly of Mel bourne University, read a paper yesterday before the Royal Geographical Society on the geographical conditions -controlling Australia's development. His conviction is that there is no region of tropical Aus tralia which Europeans could not colo nise. It would be possib'e to tell in 20 years whether the colonisation of the tro pical parts of Australian territory by 'whites was practicable within a reason able time. If not colored races might be admitted under stringent regulations con fining them to this area. An amnesty has been granted to Lieutenant Typalgos: the ringleader of the Greek naval rebellion. He has resigned office, and is to -travel, abroad for three years. . j -A Bulgarian loan of £8,960,000, bearing interest at 4J per cent.,- has been issued in London and on the Continent at £91; and . ias been largely over-subscribed. i There have been 94 new cases of typhoid ? in Toronto in the last five weeks; The ; epidemic in Montreal as bow under con trol. Charles Worths was charged yesterday at the Old Bailey with defrauding Martha Smith of £400, and Dr. Edward Jones of large sums. Accused traveled under the assumed name of Cameron. He was re manded. . The 'Daily Telegraph' publishes a mes- ; cage to-day, stating- that two men, carry- ! ing some cases with excessive care,' entered the Palace 'where the 'xurKi6n Chamber of Deputies are temporarily sitting owing to the destruction by fire of their former Palace. The police, being suspicious, opened -the cases, which were found to con tain nitro-glyeenne, vitriol, and dynamite; The Chinese on the Pacific coast have «, decreed a boycott against San Francisco ?wing to the ill-treatment of Orientals at , the Immigration Station. Owners of Chinese vessels have been instructed to use northern ports. The Board of Trade state . that the en quiry concerning the loss of the Waratah ?will not be held for some time. The board ?wish -tKe investigation to be as exhaustive as possible. Much evidence is to be ob tained in Australia and South Africa. 