The Scottish Com-n ? ? missioners I " ABNQUETTED AT LABmLLEY. SRJlP SENTA.TIVE AND ENTIIU SLASTIC GATHERING. As mentioned in your last issue. the Stottish Commissioners were en t.rtained. at a banquet by the Laid t;y Town Council and the Daidley SBhire Council at half-past 6 on hursday evenaing. The gathering wa~s a .most representative and enthbu 'iastic one. The function was held in Kr. Dan. Neylan's Empire Hotel, ad the dining-room had been most a!istically decorated with hunting at Obheaves of wheat and barley .ader the supervision of Mr. L. Gf an. The tables were heauti ad. and tartan ribbon was nously displayed, a sheaf of , tied with trtan ribbon, ieing ?4psent at the head of the table. ehbill-of-fare was an excellent one, d' theb choice edibles supplied wore t y served by Miss Fitrpat i the staff of the hotel, and a uer of assistants. The menu 45d were also ornamented with tows oftartani. All the preliminary sr'aiajments for the entertainment hf 'tbb visitors were most creditably isl'r out by the Ton Clerk (ir. .. A 'Iflwraith). His Wortship the W[sor (Ald. R. Dunn) presided, and * was supported on the right by li T.Carlaw Martin, L.L.D., J.Po. Son the left by Cr. John Cook ieatinan of the Laidley Shire Coun lSQ mongst the others present were . A. J. MacDonald and V. all, the Reve. D. Galloway B fottomley, Aid. S. Cooper, H. Daniel, W. T. Boatfield, and T. .Grtside, Crs. A. Schlecht. J.. C. A tses J. Hughes, P. K'Grath, Brimblecombe, and R. J. Blake, G. ?: Hooper (haseting-president .d e' 'sLaidley Chamber of Com and Industry), Mr. John Skin. Sisideat of the LoEkyer Agri anid Industrial Society), and, . W. G. Blllington, C. HII. B. . W. C. Porter, C. Duncan, P. ill, H. Hennansen, T. J. Lo John Fielding, Jos. Wnalker of the Forest Hill Agri Sand Progress Association). i.anter, Jae. M'Garrigal, and I.' Mlwraith (fown Clerki. ia appetites had been eatisfied, t toast of "The King" had honoured, ,Mayor: said he had a pleasing to perform that evening, on Sothe local bodies-the Laid j wnn Council, the Laidley Shire , and the Lockyver AI~ri?ultural Irndn?ttlal Soclety-for they fdtJ they eosld not allow snuch dis s d iltors as (le Scot * farmers to come into the nihout .showing them eome tion of their visit. He (the jeer p thbey had ijust come Sa tfen in the west whi'h aamous dfor -more can than any ,It "nthe Commonwealth. The , ll nderstood, had come h·re & .P u conditions under which I ', espeially in relation to i and agrculture. To-mor i le:~biaud assure the visitors, 4 ;ostld, be aisle to feast thir n our o'far-famed Laidley Val n" -e elooming the visitors he thy esir) : felt he was welcoming' .a o one of the most proressive Ssii Southvern Queenolannd. er. SProf'o this was to be had n .34et ill, where a lareer amount onprde was s?ent awayV than from yther centre in the State. aI.id .to hold pride of place, lbut fhad alen away. t was wise, os0ught~ , for those gentlemnen to oe l to anuch an. agricultural centre. jP :might think our cattle were; ;n r to those in their own ceuntrv rk Voice: "N'?a fear l"--but dairy. wane ewa flcna , out their herds, ande ltwogn in for a better elass of Cattle. ,._e, wonld close his remarks hb ex iSesi t tW hope that the party Rould take away the happiest impres a~ons not only of our district hut 1e he State of Queensland. At all rats, tlhy had h'eodme aoquaintsed wtli the descendants of those on the ,thj side bf .the world, and had seen ;t[hat we were helping to build up our aatL State, 9'r. John Cook, in expressing his !,Lasure in supporting the toast cf ?-.ahe Visitors," said everyone recog :,ised that they ' were practical men, He was mot going to praise the Laid . Creek district, which the visitore iM.n goeng to see next day. He i.thought it would have been a bettea ?pan Ii' the Commnissioners could hayve ibee~i tiuced to remain a few weeks longer, in order' that they might visit the western country, where mil. ioes of acres were waiting to be oc' cupied by someone. (Hear, hear.) 'Sp'ealar as Lokyerite, he was very drod t of h as d ntrit, and bhe hoped hthe visitors would carry away :S-good impresiion of it. frirst-cla?s loeriis land was now worth from £25 to £90.per acre. Speaking of agri culturists, he (Cr. Cook) thought the Visitors, would carry away a core poot iipression of them, for they shad io fae a very big drawback in sot bein able to procure reliable labour, Aiceulturists had to rely on their families to carry out the im portantpart; of their agricultural busi ness. Qbeensland, he thought, was losing thousands of pounds through the want of reliable labour. The Queenaland Parliament were endea. ,vouring to bring out desirable inmini' gants, but it was unfortunate that they did not get enough of them. le h•oped that when the report of the Com~nisloa was read throughout Eug' lead-,as no doubt it would ble--It would ,serve. as a incentive to the young people to come to Australia. rlhoee Wrhd had visited Canada and Austra tia had proved that Australia was the better of the two. The North of Queensland was practically empty, and what was w:eted was immigraulnts to pour in in thousands. fHe w.s chaerman of diroectors of the Queens' land Co-operative Butter Factory, and they eontrolleil four facltoriem in' West Koreton, which produced 175I) tons of butter per month. ly January next they hoped to add another 50 or I:1 tons to that. The visitors must re cognise that the Australians were a very generous people, and they were doing the beet. they could to show tlhe isitors the distriot. Cr. Cook con eluded by making kindly rd-erenoue io Mr. A. feston, whlo was nacromp:ninsg the Commission. Mr. Skinner, in a brief spe 1h, -said he war pleased, as presidsnt ol th,. Lockyer Agricultural and Indcllrein Lassoiation, to welcome tle 'es-itor' to the Lookyaer district, and he ex pressed a hope that. as a result of their visit, thte State would 5:e able, In the near future, to welcome thou esads snore, The toast of "The Visitors" was then heartily drunk, tile .Iayor ex pressing a hiope that their visit would prove to le arofitable to themselves and to this State. Sir Carlaw ilartin, who was very warmly receivedt, said that, on behalf of his colleagues from Scotland, he thanked thle company for their hearty welcome to the town of Laidley. lie thought 'they had made a mistake. when leaving Scotland, in insuring against risk of accident by land and sea and not insuring against Austra lian hospitality. Uie made special re fcrence to the Danish, farmer, who be lieved in education and in the scien tific part of farming. With the educa tion and training he received a Dane of the highest elharaeter was produced. Speaking of Canada, he said it was going to be a sober nation, for its statesmec had learnt that they could not afford to have the energies and nfaculties of the people interfered with by the excessive use of alcohol. The omasmission had come here as stu dents, though they had already gained something in experience. Thecy had seen these lands bountifully blessed, and they proposed, with the help of their .oWn eyes and the information they were supplied with, to report up on the agriculture of all the States of the Commonwealth. They must not, however, ae regarded as immi gration agetnts. Their business would be to disseminate sound information, and to be as comprehensive as time and conditions would allow. Their report would be drawn up by the whole party, who would put their minds and intentions into it. He was patriotic enough to say that his own countrymen tried to ge~t to the top, and they nearly always did so. He did not believe that the scarcity of labourers was going to be solved by immigration. If they were looking to Scotland for agricultural labourers, and for them to remain labourers when they came from Scotland, they were goi g to make a mistake. Aus tralia only wantled to be known and to be: set to be appreciated. The tault was that the Governments of Australia had not risen to the fact that Australia wanted a lot more advertising,. He thought it would be possible, when they returned home, to dispel the idea that the man who came to Australia was expatriated. There was a ditference between expa triation and exile. In coming to Aus tralia a man came to his own kith and kin. (Hear, hear, and a Voice: "He might be a German.") Well, if he was a German, he would be be side an honest, good, straightforward man. (Applause.) Hie thanked them all very heartily for their welcome, and' with the party he wished the town of Laidley, which had shown them so much hospitality, a future of increasing prosperity. Mr. H. B. Greig, in responding, humpronausly remnarked that in Scot land they planted pears for their.hens to obtain the fruit, but he was afraid tiat'in thi, country they did not need to plant them for their hens. (Laugh tcr.) He had bean, on many railways. and in many countries, but he had never seen a line with such beautiful views as that across the Range. They bad now found themselves in the won derful region of Laidley, but after to-morrow they would be in a better position to appreciate it. He, with his colleagues, appreciated the ex 'trome kindness received in Australia, and concluded by thanking the Laid ley people most heartily for their kindly welcome. Dr. John H. WFilson also briefly anc lonpwledged the toast, mentioning that he had been impressed with the may nificence of the plains which he had seen. Ha joined with his fellow-com missioners in thanking the Laidley people most heartily for their extreme cordiality. Mr. J. M'IIuthenl Dobble, in mov ing a very hearty vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding, remarked on the fact that the stock of the country were in first-rate condition, bat thought that. soahe of it should get a little more of the nucerne which was spoken of. The toast was nmusically honoured, and in acknowledgino the compliment. one of the Commissioners remarked that no country in the world gave to industrious and thrifty me(l the confi dence that the Commenwealth of Aus tralia did. A social chat then ensued betauven the Commissioners and several of the company, the function terminating at an early hour. During the evening songs were ren dered by Mr. W. G. Billington, while Mr. Greig wuabmitted a recitation. Aid. S. Cooper was called upon for a song, but in place thereof he gave a short resume of his experience sinclce arriving in Australia. 