CURRENT NOTES. The Protectionist Banner. A determined attempt is being made iu some quarters to raise the ragged, tattered, battleworn banner of Protection once more at the coming Federal Elections. This is the' last hope of those opposed on grounds of pique and anti-national spirit to the aims and the achievements of the Fusion. Mr. Wise and Sir William Lyne are the only iwo members of the Federal Parliament who arc likely to show pleasure at the sound of the oM civ of Protection. For them there is 110 room in the ranks of either of the armies arrayed against each other. The Fusionists do not want them. Labour will not liave them. There is only one loophole of escape, and that lies in the resuscitation of the corpse of Protection. No more obvious attempt to trick the electors and bluff the Liberal Leagues into an attitude of hostility towards the Fusion and its candidates. But the attempt is doomed to failure. The Liberal Leagues can hardly be deceived, even by the specious reasoning of those most practised in the a r t of deception. The great body of the electors will not now be stirred by the worn-out yell of Protection. Strangled industries, importations from abroad anomalies, and all the other claptrap of the Protectionist agitator will be trottea out again, and an endeavour made to convince the electors that the country is going to the dogs for the lack of mere interference with the tariff. But it will b<* all so much wasted labour. * • » • There was a lime when the people of Australia liaii no thought, bevoiwl the narrow local issues of Protection and Freetradc., That time has gone • the eves of Australia have become fixed upon higher, greater things of wider interest and greater importance. The parochial needs of Australia have given placc to the broader interests of the Empire Australia has seen its duty, and is determined to do it. \- Those who would embroil the national Parliament in the vain old fiscal struggle would trv to extinguish the higher hopes and the loftier ambitions which in the last year have ^wakened in the breast of t/he Australian public. The Fusion partv was created to realise these hopes, to achieve these ambitions. It suits a small section to pretend that the "Effective Protection" plank of the Fusion platform meant the adoption bv the whole Fusion party of the principles of Protection, and that any reopening of the tariff must mean that every Fusionist would vote for higher duties. Such statements are made with the deliberate intention of misrepresenting the truth. The Fusion party was formed t0 give Australia stable Government- It was formed out of three parties whose only differences were fiscal ones. Is it to be believed for an instant that the smallest of the three parties—the Deakin party—managed to induce the others to swallow their fiscal principles and profess those which they had opposed all their lives ? Such a belief would be preposterous, and even those who make the statement know that it is untrue. Fiscal trues was the founiiat ion-stone of the Fusion compact. As a sop to the rabid Protectionists it was agreed that the anomalies in the tariff should be rectified. But the Fusion never attempted to tear awav from its members their fiscal faith even on the question of anomalies Members of the party have pledged themselves to rectify anomalies, but they have not pledged themselves to rectify them onlv in the direction of pure Protection. On the contrary, thev have preserved to themselves the right to vote for lower duties should they wish to. There is nothinp^new or nothing tragic in such a compact. It does not denote any sacrifice of principle on the part of any man who has subscribed to it. It is- merely proof of the fact that the old fiseal division of parties has ceased to represent the differences in principle, and only by burying the fiscal hatchet could the rroper delimitations of parties be defined, The Labour party sank the..fiscal issue long ago. Thev found that without burying it thev. could not hope for solidarity or success. Yet members of the Labour party have an absolutely free hand on all matters relating to the tariff. No more bigoted Freetraders could be found than those who belong to the Labour party. Yet the labour party is never berated ' because - it 't has not sworn all its Freetrade members t0 allegiance to Protection. The Lahour party ,U strives ciriviac after o f f or other nl.li aims, (- and ]AniMr leaves fiscal ism to take care of itself. The Fusion party is doing exactly the same thing. The Labour party and the Fusion party between them represent all but a few thousand of the electors of Australia. It may be accepted that those few thousand are the few who support Sir William Lvne and his trustv henchman, Mr. G. H. Wise. Thev are the 0n"lv Protectionist party in Australia with "more Protection" inscribed upon their banner. "More Protection" is a voice crying in the wilderness. Ten years of Federation have been wasted in fruitless struggles over fiscalism—ten years which should have been full 0f accomplishment for the Commonwealth. Now, when at last a new.era is reached—an era of ju-ess—and M f S ? f t H S Z t S i endeavours of the Commonwealth will be forgotten, the new division of parties obliterated, and the national Parliament again thrown into turmoil, and confusion, and uncertainty. Such is the prospect if the fiscal issue is revived, There can be no doubt about the reply of the electors They are tired of fiscil quarrelling and party confusion, and have received with relief the peace^ana comprchensibility brought about by the Fusion. Flood and Drought. Once again Australia is being taught its periodical lesson on the value of water storage. The northern parti of New South Wales is being devastated b} r floods, and this area is as a rule the most drought-stricken area of the Eastern States. It is always the same in Australia—either a drought or p flood—and the pity is that the Australian farmer, while he curses equally the flood and the drought, has no thought of making the one banish the other. protect the settlers from the parched years of drought which inevitably follow. Nature is always fair. She gives man his chance. In Australia • the thirsty land is cheated for years at to become the equalising agent. There is no sysliem of wafer storage up North. The flood waters run uown the Darling and the :»iurrav into the sea and arc forgotten. The land dries up bakes up, and the settler cries for the water he Jet go past. This is the lesson gradually inniiinot^ri in being inculcated 1 here in the South. We in Victoria have seen the value of irrigation. We have found that we have enough water to supply all our land with abundance, to produce the finest and the most valuable crops, to turn land that was waste into fertile ri'idcns. and land that was onlv wi 4 h difficulty to produce a small living into a creator of wealth untold. We have discovered the precious secret of the . water, and we are hastening towards the time when we shall have fully developed our irrigation system and our water storage basins. But though our intelligence as a community lias shown us the value of these tliinii's', we have vet failed to convince the majority of our farmers of the value of the new order. They are the same class of settler as curses the wa1c»r and curses the urought up near Buurkc, but never seeks to save the one or avoid the other. It is necessary to educate our people. 1o convince them of the value and the necessity for irrigation. Then it will be easy to impress upon them the great necessity for complete systems of water storage. Th; floods, which do so much damage now, would be' regarded merely as splendid opportunities for repbnishins: these supplies. In all i, tropical ••I iniat.es there is a wet season and a dry, and in thickly-populated countries like India the very necessities of existence compelled the storage of water in the wet season in oraer to supply the needs of the dry. Had Australia a teeming population the flood and the drought wculd equally spell death and disaster, and the fear of this would produce works of incredible mag- nitude, locks and storage 'basins and all the devices which engineering ingenuity can devise for saving water up against the day when it will be needed. Hello, Central! Every day the telephone system under which Melbourne groans and weens becomes worse and worse. It has been superlatively bad for a long time, and nothing has been attempted for its improvement. That it has become more and more inadequate, and the complaints have multiplied, is not to be wondered at. It is three years ago since the great rush of telephone business set in. The Department then talked proudly of installing an up-to- dat® system, and this talk attractea hosts of subscribers. Soon the numlber far exceeded all that the existing appliances could cope with. Attendants can onlv satisfactorily attend to limited number of subscribers. Exchanges will only contain a limited number of telephones and attendants. When the number of telephone subscribers exceeds the capacity of the attendants at the Exchanges, nothing but a faulty, miserable systcm can be expected. It has been Said that the fault lies in mismanagement. So it does, but the mismanagement must be sought higher up than the local Exchanges. Those responsible for it all are those who lacked the courage when subscribers came with such a rush to say firmly: "No ; we cannot supnlv you with a fair telephone service. Our systems are already taxed beyond their capacity. You miust wait till we improve the system." That would have been the brave thing to say. But the courage was wanting. Instead subscribers were allowed to come 011 and further congest already overloaded systems. Steps were at once taken to rehabilitate the system. The old style of earth returns by which the service is conducted over a single wire, completing its circuit by contact with the earth, was to be discarded, and in its place a modern method of metallic circuits installed. This meant the underirrounding of wires, the installation of a common battery switchboard and the building 0f a new Exchange. These things were promised subscribers in' a year, and that promise has been repeated ^nd repeated in reply to every coTmlamt ever since, "WnVft 'Have Hllf.iAnf>n patience fnr for n - * year, - II Y" and nn/l then the system will be perfect," is the official paregoric with which complaining subscribers have been liberally dosed during the last three years. * # * * The same old answer ^ is beine ^^ made uu„ Once the Minister "for Home Affairs was\vritten to by a Postmaster-General and asked to hurrv up the building of the Exchange so that the new board might not arrive before there was a place to house it. The Home Affairs Minister set spurs in his people. The contract was varied so that, the interior of the building might be available before the outside was completed. But the building was readv long before the board. It was found that there were not ffS^^-t tle inStalkt . i ™ new - system is complete it promises to be as antiquated as now is the one it is intended to replace. There is onlv one lesson to be drawn from all tin's by the subscriber. He must be natient. It is no use hurrying the Exchange officials. It is no use calling attendants " ' names They are overloaaed ana overworked as it is The^wonde^is^nnt that we have a bad telephone service but thJt the service we have is as e0od as it is Tt could easily be worse. Those who have 'lived in Sydney and had the misfortune t0 be connected with the use of the Sydney Exchanges know what a bottomless pit a bad telephone service is. Our system in Melbourne could be worse. Patience 0n the part of subscribers will lielp ,n great deal to ameliorate the hardships and difficulties of the present system, all of which are accentuated bv the impatience and anger 0f enraged subscribers. Still, it is but poor comfort to be preached to about patience. The desire of the public is always to discover someone who is resiinnxiMe Telephony is an "exact science just~as important and just as intricate as telegraphy There is no reason under Heaven why the two should be united. There is every reason why they should be separated. Yet in Australia the „ . —- poles. As well give cabmen charsre of nasseneer locomotives because both run on wheels. We need'a separate staff of specialist engineers to run our Telephone Department. It should be a separate branch of the Postai Department, with skilled modern telephonists to n^naT and smLvise it i, ana supervise it and keep it up-to-aate. a Preference—to and from. Sir Robert Rest verv properly emphasised the value of Preferential Trade with Great Britain when addressing the Farmers' Conference on Monday. It is an all-imnortant question for the primary producer, and wrapped up with it is that other great Imperial question of immigration. The farmer wants Preferential Trade because he wants a market for his goods. At present the Australian farmer, the Canadian farmer and the English farmer are all forced to compete with -the farmer. 0f Denmark, and any.- jjther European country that chooses to enter the open markets of Great Britain. It is philanthropic, but is it wise ? Not so many years ago Denmark was a little unimportant country, whose inhabitants were comrellpd to toil hard to keep themselves alive. To-day she is a rich, influential country, rapidl\> acquiring influence and power. Why ? Because, of England's 0pen door ; because Great Britain places Victoria on the same footing as Denmark, with the result that Denmark, thousands of miles closer to London, outsells us in every article of dairy produce. Yet who created., the Danish herds, and farms, and dairies ? They were built up with English capital hy English experts, who were unable '•rider Ensrlish conditj ons to make sufficiently big profits, and with the - cheaper labour of Denmark and the free Government assistance granted they were able to byild up a great in- dustry, to rob British producers of the British . markets, and to enrich Denmark ah the expense of England, for inasmuch as the Danish industries have thriven, those industries in Great Britain have declined. So it is throughout tbe whole industrial gamut. In manufactures as in foodstuffs, England is buying _ from abroad and enriching foreign manufacturers at the expense of her awn folk. A share of this expense is also borne by the Empire, by tbe producing dominions of the Empire. It is to alter that position mat Imperial Preferential Trade is suggested. It would substitute for . the . acfrandisement of the foreign producer the prosperity of the producers throughout the British Empire. It would mean Tariff Reform in Great Britain without doubt, but the British electors have alreadv signified that they are only a very short stage from the acceptance of Tariff Reform. In anv case, if the object of British Liberals is attained, the power of the House of Lords abrogated, and the wealthv adequately taxed, Tariff Reform is sure to follow as a natural concomitant. All the work done by Mr. Deakin in. the cause of Preferential Trade will not, then, he wasted. " The — door " was shut—banged - . - and bolted in his face last time, but it will not remain bolted for ever. This is one of the avowed aims of the Fusion party, and it is also one of the reasons why the Fusion partv is able to appeal confidently to the farmers and producars of Australia for support. The . Fusion wishes to see Australia peopled and developed, and so does the producer everywhere throughout the Commonwealth. The Labour Partv. on the other hand, wishes it to remain unpeopled, and seeks bv ever? legislative means to hamper and restrict its development. Those who talk of Socialism and anti-Socialism talk in their sleep. There is no such issue raised. The Labour Party would willingly have it so. The Fusion party is not fighting Socialism. It is fighting every influence, and every proposition which is opposed to the advancement of Australia and the Empire. If Sofcialistic measures will help in that advancement the Fusion party will adopt those Socialistic \- . J (T< _ 1 • .i : „ : measures. What more Socialistic proposition was ever put before a nation than that every male should, from» his childhood up., be compulsorily trairied in the use of arms, and made an integral part of the defence force of his country. Yet the Fusion Government not only proposed tha t > thev actually passed it into law, and at the end of this year v it will be carried into effect. The financial agreement is almost communistic in its equality and fairness. The Fusion party made that agreement, and the Socialistic Labour Party oppose it, and advocate the most rabid form of individualism for the Commonwealth. They ask the Commonwealth to play the part of the arrogant capitalist, and exercise over the States just that kind of class tyranny which the Labour Party is always denouncing in such violent terms in the industrial world. .Clearly, there is no question of Socialism and anti- Socialism. The. introduction of "these issues h merely the dragging of a red herring across the trail. The contest is between the advocates of stea< 1 y 1'rogress and growing prosperity on the one ' iand > and the supporters of rash, experimental legislation and reactionary"cxcTuWvemss'on "vne othe r \- The l )ositi ™ of Pities has changed, 0ncc il; w a s the opponents 0f Labour who soUffllt to sloW dowu the pace of the Political c ° ach - No ' w jt is Labour who is clinging to wheel s > and endeavouring to block progress, nolfc because of honest disapproval, but out of ol,n sheer M ' pique, out of jealousy "" .of " f the men on the box tooting the team. There is but one reward for the Labour Party—a setback such as it richly deserves—the teaching of the lesson that arrogance and selfishness, whether in the party or the individual, bring the same result." * * * * While Federal politics are going into the melting- pot of a general election, the State Government goes on its way rejoicing. It is difficult 11 seemed often during were more eaKe l " Please Labour than to sati s * v thu h°n es t doubters of their own party, ' rlle tac^cs of Alexander Peacock puzzle! the m > and i(i was fairly plain that they were fight- on the side of the Federal Government the Labour party, to fight for the Financial Agreement, which to tlie Labour partv is anathema. The great hope of the best friends of the Murrav Government is that there will he made during the Federal elections such a wide breach between them and Labour as can never be bridged. This will have the effect of forcing the Murray Government to rely on its own supporters, and gradually to forget the foolish boast and the more foolish challenge tl j at they would attack the Legislative Council in the provinces in June. In the meantime, there is much thai) is really necessary and useful 1)15 d one. There are several State departments that urgently call for reorganisation, notably the Agricultural Department. There is immigration, and towards a settled scheme the Government is hastening slowly, but surely. It has been arranged that Mr. Murray and the Premier ° f South Australia should meet in a week o r two to discuss the Murray Waters Agreement. There — are railway questions in which both States are interested which will also be dealt with at the conference. Altogether, it seems highly probable that the next six months, both in State and Federal affairs, will prove urprisingly fruitful. It is a time of big issues in b °th arenas, and big things may be expected n both. They are producing a play called "The Lion and the Mouse" in Sydney; but we had the first version of it in Victoria when, at Geelong, the lion of the day, Lord Kitchener, declined to come out, when the mouse, a little Geelong girl, tapped on his window, and asked him on to the platform. The lion may not hatfe been afraid of the individual mouse in this case: but there were _ a thousand mice behind her, and a thousand mice may give even a lion ''"rats." ''You're the One." Catch phrases have always been popular ; possibly there never was an age and never a people without them. It may be that in the days of Liglathpileser I., the little street-bred people cried out after the great ones of the earth passing alone the highways of Nimrud in their quaint chariots, like rubber-tyred coal scuttles : "Get yer 'air cut!" or "Where did yer get that 'at ?" And in Chaldea, 7000 B.C., the populace had their flippant jibes which passed for exquisite wit, all borrowed from the music halls, or what equivalents they had for music halls along the Tigris and the Euphrates in those benighted times, away back in the faint, early glimmerings of the dawn of history. Today, at any rate, civilisation is passionately fond of these spurious imitations of humour, and Australian civilisation particularly is painfully addicted to wearisome gags, that serve the stupid for repartee where their poor wits fail them. If it be only the stupid who resort to these wearisome wheezes, however, we in Melbourne must be intellectually despicable, for all classes are prone to the same habit, and the cant ejaculation of the "Herald" boy is the favourite witticism of the smart girl of Toorak. Just now the common phrase is, "You're the One !" You hear it everywhere; it is on all tongues, and it is of such profound significance that the citizen hearing it for the millionth time, tossed after some harmless wayfarer, is still moved to some semblance of mirth. * * * *, If asked what is the precise meaning of "You're the One," the man who uses it most would be incapable of explaining, but the favourite inference inspiring the jibe is that the person against whom it is directed is an effeminate and affected youth. Originally it was reserved for rather over-dressed young men, whose manner suggested a girlish temperament; but its implications have become complex with time and use, and now it may be tossed with exquisite aptness at a pretty girl or a pampered pugilist. Indeed, in the course of one day the writer heard it flung lightly at Bob Fitzsimimons, applied to a pantomime boy, and yelled after a pert damsel, whose hair was so golden that it might easily have been mistaken for pure brass. How this literary gem first came into use is hard to say. We are not even sure whether it is local or imported. These things Come to grown-ups much as the seasons for alleys, tops and buttons come to schoolboys, by a curious instinct. They pass in much the same way, and a nian of thirty may easily remember a half-hundred that have had their day and have gone out. Usually they are catch words from a comedy, a pantomime, or a vaudeville song, but sometimes they come unheralded, springing spontaneously from the heart of the people. Such a gem is "You're the One !" This one did not come from the stage, but it very speedily found its way there, and those carping critics who declare to-day that the stage is decadent, and no longer reflects the thought and manner of the time, are invited to consider the significant fact that in three theatres to-night "You're the One" has prominent and honourable mention,. * * * * Of course, more than a faint insinuation of impropriety has attached itself to the term, but for the most part it is innocent enough, and to be condemned only for its imbecility. It is everywhere. You hear it in court, camp and grove, in the street, in the home, and, as stated, frequently and fervently in the theatre. It may not have found its way into sermons yet, or into the summings-up of our judges (the scribe is not familiar with these forms of eloquence, and cannot say), but it adorns every other manner of oral expression, and the popular faith in the wit of it is something marvellous. Against that one jibe the wisdom of our brightest satirist is a mean thing. Pearls of wisdom and diamonds of wit would pass unheeded where "You're the One," squeaked by an insolent boy, would strike the general fancy as exquisite banter, and provoke that peculiar happiness which intellectual piquancy inspires in the ready mind. We have said that in all probability every age and every people have exhibited this same weakness for cant terms ; likely enough our hairy, arboreal ancestors, hanging by tails and toenails from the trees, exchanged gruntings that were similarly significant, but this is no excuse foe the vapid taste of our Australian crowds. As we have outgrown Simean gruntings and ape-like habits of thought, so we should have outgrown the instinctive tendencies of the ape. But in continuing to fatuously parrot a cry as in the case of "You're the One !" we subordinate our own intellectual initiative and become moral apes, repeating each other's gibberings. * * * * There is less excuse for Australian indulgence in this form of idiocy than may be found for most people, since Australians, on the whole, are much better educated than their neighbours. We have numerous State Schools, a magnificent system of teaching, and education, to a fairly high standard, is compulsory. This should mean an improvement of the average mind to such an extent as to make cant cries obnoxious. A man with a mind of his own takes proper pride in his ability to express himself in his own language, and hates coined phrases much as he would hate to have his meat cut for him at table as a child's is, and for the same reason. We cut the child's meat into little pieces because it is incapable of doing it for himself, and the person who persistently uses cut and dried forms of speech publicly declares his inability to turn a phrase on his own account. There is the danger, too, in this cant being accepted as wit ; it tends to the making of dull minds. Any fool can shout "You're the One!" or "My word, if I catch you bending !" or, to go a little farther back, "Where did you get that hat?" or, further still, "Does your mother know you're out ?" and if such shouting is more effective than what native wit a man may have, where's the use of a ready brain and a nimble tongue ? Of course, the thing is utterly vulgar, the very quintessence of vulgarity, for it reduces the common expression to the lowest level, a level rather lower than that of a fairly well-trained cockatoo. We have known an old grey cockatoo with a far more extensive vocabulary than the poor creature who brays "You're the One !" in the city streets. If the people would only reward such folly with the contempt that greets any other betrayal of goose-like imbecility, we should soon hear the last of "You're the One !" and all such common gabble. • * * * Cr. Densham on Self-help. Cr. Densham, of Prahran, ihas earned grave reproach by his unblushing method of preaching the policy of grab. What Cr. Densham wants more than even the run of the Prahran trams is a little diplomacy. He is a city father who blurts out his opinions, and blurting out is precisely what the common donkey does. Man was given certain reasoning faculties in order that he might think before speaking. Had Cr. Densham exerted those faculties he would have been less honest in stating the beliefs within him perhaps, but he would ^^_escaped many rebukes and much bitins crj did not mean quite all hi mains that he was willin get if his semi- jocular a: gritv of the Council had was something in the jib] councillors that, as the' cept free cab drives, shows, and free books common ratepayers pai they should not put oi]B^M£HHHMflPr repudiating the assertioWBB^H|8aM|^M[ free l n -tram rides. If Cr. DHBiiMHBBgHBg that because the CouncillorflM^milimiitM^B> the rijrht to dead-head should abjure the boon of BHjBnd free picture shows, he at least, if not wholly^HMHlMlBi||ijMN chose to put the principle^||giMS8ii^iBiii^ and to contend that becau^BfeH^^MH^Spc books pictures, and cabsJH^n^^^^HHny avail .themselves of free ^BH^H^^H^Ptier per- quisites that might happen to come in their way. If this line of reason were followed up. we might have our councils developing into boodlers of the Tamapany Hall type, and that is not the direction in which Australia yearns to follow America. We remember the Scriptural dictum, that it is not well to muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn,'and for that reason certain privileges, including free cabs, are freely extended to councillors; but because councillors are unpaid, and because it is distinctly understood that tbcv give their services to the citizens, it is verv unwise for councillors to seek to create a wide field of privilege for themselves. Our municipal government is clean. We understand that there are both professional, business and social advantages attaching to positions in councils, but these are admitted to be perfectly just, and rightly belong to the men elected, and there is nothing underhand or dishonest about them. Our councillors as a rule do their workconscientiously and well for these returns, and they are respected and trusted accordingly; but let members betrav a grasping disposition, a d show themselves eager to enlarge and increase n their benefits, and both respect and trust will very speedily be withdrawn. Cr. Densliam asked for free passes over the Malvern tramwav for future members of the Prahran Council, and permanent free passes for present members of the Prahran and Malvern Council. This may sound .a trifle, but really it is an attempt at the game of grab, which the Prahran Council was very wise in thoroughly scouting. Bv addir>nr privilege to privilege, the position of councillor would soon become greedily desired bv the social buccaneers and self-seekers, and it requires small imagination to conceive of a great evil resulting to our present fairlv satisfactory and, at any rate, wholesome system of municipal management. To Save the Native Born. Australia continues to worry about itr.mieration, and ever- visitor remarks upon the sparseness of our population- Lord Kitchener was surprised at its "meagreness," although his own country was a few thousand years attaining the population we have reached in a hundred : and we killed off our aboriginal population, in- stead of working upon it, as was done in. England's case. The trouble is that we are ; not satisfied with killing off the aborigines, we, maintain a shameful and appalling slaughter of Australian natives that makes our clamour for immigration appear an abominable hypocrisy. Our City Coroner, Dr. Cole, is continually raising his voice against the slaughter of innocents that goes on in Melbourne month after month ; and in Sydney Mr. S. Murphy warns the local Government against this "monstrous evil," pointing out that he had inquested a score of murdered babies within six months. The same thing is going on in the provincial centres and all through the country districts, and what is true of Melbourne and Svdnev is true of Brisbane, » Hobart, * * Adelaide » and Pcrtii. While we clamour for white people from other countries to come and fill our empty spaces, we are busv filling graves with our native born. The slauehtered innocents are in most cases illegitimate children, who, alive, would be an intolerable burden to their parents. Rather than accept this burden the mother is prepared to Co — length to rid herself of her child. Sometimes she kills it outright, more often she avails herself of the servicc of pro- fessional child-slayers, who, under one pretence or another, still carry on their nefarious business in all our cities, and who are experts at murdering babies bv the slow and deliberate process that affords security frcm the law to the murderer. The child dies of carelessness or insufficient nourishment, and, although the coroner may offer a -rebuke, the butcher escapes any inconvenient conscauences the law may have devisea for homicidal baby farmers. We have tried all other methods of suppressing child murder ; it remains -now to try the simple one of the State accepting the child and becoming 4 its benign foster parents. Society has made it almost impossible for an unmarried mother to keep her child; it remains then for society to take up the responsibility. State institutions that will willingly accept such children and carefully foster them are the only reliable alternative to the present ruthless destruction of infant life. If it is worth our while to pay large sums to encourage European immigrants; it is worth while to pav' for tiie salvation of the native born, the best , "immigrants" any country can have. 