IIOXDAY, SEPTEMBER 36, 1910. , In welcoming the members of the Scottish Agricultural Commission, of which the nmin body arrives In Mel- bourne to-day, the Federal Ministry will linve ¡in opportunity of expressing the Australian people's sense of the high im- portance of their visitors'' mission. They are giving six months of their time to see what pros'iects Australia 1ms to offer the Scottish agricultural emigrant. Similar visits of Inspection have been made (luring the lust'eight years to Denmark, Ireland, and Canada, mid the value of the work done In those countries in- duced the Commonwealth Government to Invite them to come and examine our agricultural resources and methods In the sumo way. Their capacity to pro- nounce an authoritative opinion on such a subject is beyond question. Sir Thomas Carian* Martin, the chairman, is an economist of note, and, as editor of the " Dundee Advertiser," had special oppor- tunities of discovering the mind, of Scot- tish farmers towards emigration. With him are (he director of the Scottish Chamber of Agriculture, tlie governors of the _iist Scotland and North Scotland Agricultural Colleges, and several lead- ing cultivators and cattle-brccdefs. The report which such n body will in duo course issue is certain to be Interesting and important. Our business is to show these highly skilled judges I our goods; theirs Is to pronounce| what may ho regarded as a judicial opinion on them. That opinion may bo favourable or it may lie un- favourable, but whichever it is we know It will bo honest and expert. If it be favourable, It will probably set flowing in our direction a stream of immigration of the kind which is most valuable to a country like this; if unfavourable, we shall have to bear it as best we can, and perhaps profit by a fuller knowledge of our mistakes. Sir Thomas Carlow Martin has already assured us that, while ho and his colleagues ure setting out on their mission with perfectly open minds, they are determined to accept no opinions re- garding Australia without verifying them for themselves. It will, therefore, be no cursory, train-window' inspection that we shall have to submit to, but n thorough Investigation by men who know wini t to look for and what value to place on it when found. Xo sensible Australian would wish it otherwise. In our content to lie judged on our merits there Is perhaps the danger of too much self-complacency, and independent out- side criticism may ho expected to operate as a wholesome correct ive. In a large country like this, for instance, compara- tively little need has yet been felt for anything that can properly be called in- tense culture. Farmers aro content to dissipate on big areas energies which might often he moro profitably concen- trated on small. It Is, indeed, the in- stinctive (lisiaste which the Australian farmer exhibits towards small areas and Intense cultivation that lins made it necessary for Victoria to seek abroad for people to settle on the Irrigation blocks of the north. The Scottish commis hioners come from, n small country, where Rood agricultural lnnil is difficult lo obtain nnd must be mnilc the most of. and muy be expected to find in ninny' Australian methods a wastefulness and extravagance which would shock their thrifty fellow-countrymen tit home. From their advice on this point tho dairy runners of Victoria may well hope lo profit, for even In Vic!orín high-class dairying land is Hie reverse of cheap, and those who buy it can seldom afford lo give anything away. The commis- sioner;»' investigation of Danish dairy farming methods will enable thom to criticise ours with adequate knowledge of the subject, and on innumerable other points their report will probably prove nu extremely valuable one. In the discussions on the cost of living of late years, especially in the United States, one of the causes to which attention lias been directed has been the increase In gold production during the past fifteen or twenty years. The question of the extent to which the additional output of gold is actually re- sponsible for the greater cost of living is one of considerable complexity. On the one hand, It has to be shown that the advance In prices Is nn all-round one, and is not confined to articles of consumption ; while, on the other hand, a number of factors which exercise an influence on markets have also to be taken Into account. Both the advance in prices generally and the increase In gold output are obvious fncts. Tile fol- lowing summary displays, in round num- bers, the gold produced for a succession of quinquennial periods :-. £ 1SS1-1885. 104,000,000 188G-18D0. 113,000,000 1891-1895. 167,000,000 180Ö-1.00. _6S,000,000 1001-1905. 332,000,000 1006« 1010. 440,000,000 The production during the quinquen- nium which will end at the close of the present year is more linn four times as vi'eat as during ,tho first halt of the "litios, when the effects of the reaction in -Sductiou after the previous expan- sion °Mjnic n century ago were begin- ning to ^"-.-"""-y felt pc-iH-ps, ],0,,v_ ever, it is _Uc.. lo ta,-0 pel.m¡¡ uC ten instead of «\Sy0ll.% aml the nbove ligures show thu. 1ho .vo..lr,-s 0.ltimti after rising i«' eighties to _4M.0UD.0t_. ," tll0 IllnctlC8, has again risen to «bout^77SO0O0oo in the first decade of the lvv0|;i0tii cen- tury. Tim wholo of »lils^-jitioi-ni supply, however, has not been in-.iinBi0 in suoh a manner us to affect niHi'i,ts I"o"r one thing, there Is a steady demain, for gold for industrial purposes, a, de- mand which tends 'lo expand. Another consideration is that a number of Go ye.___.nts have been reforming their currencies, mid where the question of currency reform has not had to he dealt with the leading European Jianks have found it desirable to increase their gold reserves as a basis for tho Increase in tho volume of business to be handled. Only after deducting what has been ab- sorbed in these ways Is the additional output of gold, strlclly speaking, avail- able for influencing the general course of priées. The variations In the supply of gold have, however, been accompanied by other great causes of almost equally widespread effect, and such causes are to bo found both in tlie period of declin- ing prices which lasted from, say, 1874 to 1S95, and in the subsequent period of rising prices, which is not yet at an end. To disentangle the various causes is a task of much complexity, even after set- ting aside movements of a comparatively temporary character. Amongst tho cir- cumstances of the earlier period'were (ho groat reduction in tlie cost of carry- ing goods from one country to another, due to the introduction of cheaply-run steamers in place of .sailing vessels" and the opening of tlie Suez Canal. A second circumstance was the extension of rail- ways in Nor.fh America and other now countries, which opened up fresli sources of supply, especially of foodstuffs, on a large scale with much rapidity. With cheap carriage by land and sea between all parts of the world, accompanied by the progress of emigration from Europe and the settlement of new countries, tho production of a great number of articles expanded for n time out of proportion to the requirements of the consuming population. This causo alone would pro- bably have left its mark on the history of prices, even it the produotion of gold | had not fallen off as it did in the seven- ties and eighties ; while the two causes acting together rendered the fall in prices the pronounced affair which caused so much disturbance and gave rise to so much controversy on bimetal- lism and other économie questions for mnny years. But tlie era of rapid settlement has been succeeded by another phase. Tile American farmer or the Victorian selector of twenty or thirty years ago was a straggler who bad no option but to sell his grain quickly for what it would fetch ; but the samo man to-day is pro- bably a welMo-do person, with accumu- lations available to buy moro land or to invest in a motor-car, and capable of holding his wheat until the time of the year that suits him best to sell. The volume of production In new coun- tries, It is true, has continued to grow, but with time their populations bave also increased, this being the case in greatest degree in tile United States. Tims the Influx of foodstuffs and raw produce from new countries does not nowadays como with snell depressing force upon the markets of the old world as a quarter of a century ago, while the in- crease in the populations of European countries has at the same time enlarged the field of consumption. As an in- stance of the chango which has taken place, it deserves attention that, while the United Stales wheat crop bus grown from an average of 451,000,000 bushels per annum for the three years IS94-9G to an average of (¡70,000,000 bushels for the three years 1007-!), the exports of American wheat have fallen during the same period from an average of i;i7,000,000 .bushels tor an average of 120,000,000 bushels-per annum;-while this change in about thirteen years has caused the Americans to look forward to a time when production on the present scale will be barely sufliclent to provide for their own consumption, and will leave no wheat for export to Europe. Tho chango from tho time when America was flooding the markets of the world with supplies that could only bo absorbed by displacing production In oidor countries is an Immense one, and as a factor in determining prices it has boon probably of nearly as great im- portance as the larger supply of gold. A general and sustained rise in prices, whether due to one cause or to n com- bination of causes, involves in its train a long series of consequences *nnd re- adjustments of economic relations. To the producing and trading classes it is n gain that the undercurrent of markets In a series of years should lie gradually upwards instead of in the opposite direction. To those who have borrowed money for long periods, on mortgage or otherwise, it is also n gain, ns a rise in prices lightens the burden of a fixed debt lo a land-owner who is able to sell his wheat or wool at enhanced prices. The disadvantage, on the other hand, to all those classes whoso incomes con- sist of certain fixed payments, or pay- ments wliich only chango gradually, con- stitutes n weighty set-off to tlie benefits gakied by other classes. The purchasing power of a fixed income is much loss than it was lifteen years ago, -tuid the tendency to higher wages in many in- dustries in America and England Is to n large extent simply the outcome of tills fact. With prices tending to rise on the strength of natural conditions, the effect of tariffs in the same direction becomes much moro conspicuous tlian when tho tendency of prices was to decline, and this aspect of tile caso is gradually lead- ing to ti reconsideration .of tariff policy hy the mass of consumers in a number of countries. It is to ho regretted that an arrange- ment canot be arrived at to avoid the clashing of important racing fixture's In the different States. A few years ago tho round of Australian spring rnco meetings was commenced by the South Australian Jockey Club during the first week of September; the Australian Jockey Club in Sydney followed Imme- diately; and then there was au Interval ot three or four weeks before Melbourne racing opened with the Caulfield Cup meeting. The Moonee A'alley Cup came next, then the Flemington week, and the AVlllinmstown Cup, on November f), brought the round to a close. Haee fol- lowers-and many in tho old days went the whole round-had the opportunity of witnessing a succession of important races extending over a period of nine weeks. This year, with the Williams- town Clip run on the day before the V.It.C. meeting finishes, the important racing fixtures will be crowded into five weeks. Gate money considerations are responsible for the change, the dates of the S.A.J.Ü. and A.J.C. spring gather- ings having in each case been put back to "catch" a holiday. The A.J.C. meet- ing will commence next Saturday. It extends over four days, and on the con- cluding day, the V.A.T.C. and the I S.A.J._. meetings begin, so the cla_h on .io second Saturday In October concerns tul'<; clubs, li'innncially tho S.A.J.C. and A.J.O.,mly j,-); j.,, affected^ The sport ia so pot-in,,, -mat, given tUeopwrtunity, that ii holiday affords, a largo section of tho public of Australia Uko nothing better than to see horses racing. If they are high-class horses, so much the better, but racing by even inferior ones will draw. At one time Victorian owners regularly patronised tho S.A..T.O. spring meeting, but this year not a single entry from another State has boen made for the general events. On tho other hand, several South Australian horses, includ- ing tlie crack two-year-old Aryn, have boon entered nnd are likely to como over for the Caulfield meeting, The Sydney champion, Prince Foote, instead of see- ing the four days through at Rand- wick, will, It appears probable, be hurried over to Melbourne to run In the Caulfield Stakes; and the same course Is to bo taken in regard to oilier Sydney horses. This action is rather resented in some quarters in tho sister State, and possibly the plan of acllon will be altered in some cases. Tlie owner of Prince Foote Intends at present, It would appear, to throw away a great chance of winning two stokes like the Craven Plato, with 2,000 sovs. added, and tho Itundwlck Plale, with 3,000 sovs. added, for tlie purpose of allowing the colt to compete for the £1,000 Caulfield Slakes, run at a distance which does not quite favour him. Tho explanation is that Trineo Foote Is wanted for the Melbourne Cup, and iwssibly, before running in that event, for the Caulfield Cup also, tho two oveuts in Australia In connection with which tlie most extensive betting takes place. Had there been a reasonably long interval between the two fixtures, Prince Foote would doubtless have been allowed lo compote on the concluding days of tho A..T.C. meeting before being sent to Melbourne for the Cuullield meeting. The owners of Alawa, Blairgour, and other Victorian horses of noto declined their engage- ments for the Itandwick meeting because of its nearness to tlie V.A.T.C. and V.R.C. fixtures. The presence of horses of'this class would have added considerably to the importance of the A..T.C. gathering-from a racing point of view. It will really remain for the Melbourne Cup week to provide tho opportunity for the meeting of all the "crack" horses of the different States. Sydney people think that the best way out of the difficulty arising from the overlapping of the A..T.C. and V.A.T.C. meetings would be to hold the V.A.T.C. races a week later. This would mean the suppression of nn old-established and popular event like the Moonee Valley Cup, and, besides, would not suit the V.R.C. The fortnight's interval be.tween the conclusion of the V.AT.C. und the commencement of the V.R.C. meeting Is required for recuperative purposes by horses that have gone through n severe campaign at Caulfield, following, in the case of many of them, on racing at Randwick. Tlie only solution of tho difficulty is for the A..T.C. lo revert to their original dates. The objection that this would be a bar to tlie running of the important two-year-old events, the Breeders' Plate and Gimcrack Stakes, is easily met by altering tlie rules of racing in force In Now Soul li Wales in such a way that two-year-olds could race be- fore October 1. . Complete arrangements line boen made by the Slate Ministry for the leception ic comnioihtion, ind settlement of the 4 000 nnmiginnts ii ho are expected to nrrnc in A leloua between now and March (Page 7) Witch Collingwood ' w11 Obseriors, 1ul1.ee to the fonthill public necks ago Hie story -of their linimph on Saturda) oi cr South Melbourne is told on 1 ige 0 Brunswick completed the magpie double (Collingwood nnd Bninswicl ) by heutin Noith Melbourne on Vilurdi) (Pigoo) 1 ourtcen men the missing boat s erew fiom the niccked Cirnnrion Bay leiehcd Alelhouine In the s s Ooonah \cstoriln_ iiftcinoon sife and sound and in lie 111) »pints (Page 8 ) ' We ire isliami-d of the Labour pirti declared Mi Vi 11 Jiidkms it \\\<.loj| Church icsleidu! aftemoon when dealing nitli the attitude of legislators towuids nee and the liquoi question (I'nge 11) Some picturesque imlogies hctiicen coal in the life of a community ind the Bible in the life of a Cliri-tnin were diann in I 1 Christian Pndeavour demon*.!ition on Siturdn (Pago 0 ) A mihtirj guird of four men is to be on dud it ill times it the ».tiong 100m to bo used 111 connection nitli the Common wealth note issue (Pige 7 ) \ di igreement between the Aictorun IYo. cn meit Importers Association and tho Victorian bunch of the Federated Butcher-' 1 niplo.ce. his been settled bl a con fei once arranged bl the piesident of the \ibitintion Couit (Page 9 ) Polloinng upon a disigreement between lnniself ind the Attoinej General (Mi Drvsdole Broun) Mi 1' I Poole, chief cleik and us-cssor of probité, intends, it is understood, reining (PigcO) Chale/ the plucki Penman inman «ho actuillj ciosscd the Simplón Pass hid some nuneri ui(, eipenences on the join nej At the end ho broke both of his legs (Pige7) Bri_il s new bittlcship 11ns in imongst the rooks near Cherbourg, on the Pieiieh coast, 11 hen a fisherman tome-,ed 1 nu 11 mg He subsequently steered hei out of dangoi (Pago 7 ) Ascribing sei cr ii of then troubles in life to motor ni tinflie, 10 200 cottagers in the villages of Great Brit un lune petitioned Queen Muiy to bo leheied of the cause (IMgt 7 ) Some secrets of the sculleiy ii ero disclosed in a Pel til police court ease, arising out of a «omen lint imp issioned -cone between a cook nnd a waitress (Page 0 ) An mquin ins commenced bj the Vic toi inn I-otball League on Saturdij eiemng into statements that cortim plajers hld been approiclied ntth ofiei- of monej (Puge 7) A mutilated boil) lins been found 111 a sack floating in the Darling Bil cr, New South Wales (Page 7 ) .ho Oncnt Company's It AI S Ounuz nilli English files to August 20, arru ed al Port Adelaide on Snturdnj Hei mails foi Eastern States nero foi 11 arded bj e" press ti am, and the Melbourne portion of them will be delivered by first post tin-, 11101 nmg AA'hen the House of Repiesentatues meets nt 3 o clock to moiron afternoon, consideration mil be resumed m committee of the clnuses of the Land 'in\ Assessment Bill Hie importance of the issues in i oil ed, and the technical difficulties which the measure presents, have led to long discussions nilli little progress during the last two sitting da) s The Prune _Imi_ tci s hopes of the amount of business to be accomplished before lu-, depaituie foi South Afiita on Octobei 5 originally cm braced almost the whole of the scssionitl programme 'J hey came down lo ' bl enk ing tho back of the Hork," and non seem almost forlorn as 1 égards lins one measure Criticism of the maclnneiy clauses has come quite as freely from Ministerial sup porters as from members of the Opposi ton, ind Mr Hughes- ns.»unnces linio not -iti»lied some of his own foi loiici» who want lo 1 now 'win he has not put it in the hill if that is what he means' ' Prom ali appearances, members may look forivmd lo a strenuous lieek In the Senate, iiUich will meet at the, .ame bom ns the House of Representatives, »Senatoi Millen has the call to i estime tho Fceond lending debate on the Navigation Bill lins -week both the Legislative Council and the Tigislativo Asscmblj "will meet The foi mci will proceed willi the considcin tion of the 1 lectoinl Dill in committee An lmpoitnnt debate is expected upon the pnn cipul clauses of this measure Lobb) gossip 8njs that the provision foi the nbolition ot the iatcpajcrs' lolls in connection with Hie Legislative Assemble, elections will probablj be stiuek out, as it was hist )tar When the Spenkci of the Legislative. Assembly takes the than lomoirow àf lei noon mern bei s will submit n number of questions to tlicMunstij Ml Swmbiuncvvillnskwlie thci the Munster foi A_riciillme (Mi Gialiim) will cable to Mi 1 lwood Mead in Amenta nistiutting lum lo malt inquiries legarding Hie suitableness of a new clover, culled Selnodiu, foi glowing in the drj aieas of Victorin Afttt prchmitiutj bust neis bus been tiinsntlod the considernlion of the Commissions of Inqtui) Bill and the 1 duention Bill will be resumed It is ihfhciill to glenn fiom Mi 1 isher's icmiirks on Hit subjtct of interTmpeiial preftreuct nnj definite inditition of the Mimstiys polity He is always read) with some vague ind noncommittal support of Impel ml movements of this chninctcr but it nevet ei)Rtnlbses into a tlear dctlmntion lie was asl ed on <_lt|idii} if he had an) comment to male upon the ícsolution of the Canadian mamifncttucts in favour of profeientinl arrangements between Canada nnd \usti-ibn I im\ sa) this lephcd the l'urne Mimslei Hint Hie Goveinmcnt is in s)inpatli) with Hie geneial question of ictipiotit) in trade i dations' Communications liuvc been received hy the Munstei foi 1 \ternal Affaiia (Mi Bat- chelor) fiom the High Commission« (Sir Oeorgo Reid) relating to the pioceedings of the Intenntional Conference on Unemploy ment '¡ii Geoige Reid ropiesentcd the Cotumonwcilth lite papers show that the subjects discussed by the conference were divided nndei five bends-(1) The mcthodi tal enumci ltion of the institutions thnt combat itiiemplojment and an exposition of the geneial tendency of the struggle in each counlr) (2) the value of stitistics as taken from Hie various tentative sources esptcnllv a cnticnl stud) of the figuies fur nisbcd li) the nntionnl censuses (i) the best moms of employing labour exchanges and improving then organisation espeeially for the exchange of labour between cit) and cilv, ihsttict and district, State and Slate and tottntr) and coun tn (4) the working of insuiincc funds and verification of actual tinemplo) mont of in surcd workmen, (5) establishment of perma nent relations between the speenhsts of the sevetal enttntnes One result of the confer ence winch closed its sittings at Pans on Wednesd i) last has been the fornntion of, an international association on the basis outlined in a cable message published on -rida) Securities «oie the miinsta) of the stock and shire maiket last neck Hie most im portant incident mis tile placing pniatelv bv Hie Mttiopolitnn Gas Coinpani of COO000 4 pel cent debcntuies nilli n local funnel ii im-titution Hie proceeds of the issue will be utilised to redeem 5 pel cent bonds foi a similar sum tint mature on Octobei 1 nc\t At the Stock r\changc of Alelbouino some casing off in the demand for Di)leaford «erip took phco at the neck end On the whole other prices held their own nell More dealing went on in Ben digo shares, though the Melbourne marl el is lundi) so responsiie us the countiy c. chnnges would wisli Deep lead senp re- mained dull, with only a sin ill bod) of bu)ers in the marl c1 Most of the mines in the Gippsland district nie on the call h»t and so do not count as mnikcl fietois foi the moment Copper milling senp nus in fliienccd lu the depic»sed pi lee of thal metal white the dealing in the shires of tin nuning scnp lins without incident Some moiement oceuncd ni Proken Hill btotks, but it was nothing ver) decisiie, nnd ins connected with a hope tint the fiittue of the /nie marl ct is assured foi sonic time by lue conicntion of _inc oie bil) eis and smeltets AA'ith the lnunch of the Blue 1 unncl 1-mns and the trial tup oí the India lmei bullabul iii the \usti iban trade recencs Ino notewoilh) additions (nrites our Lou don coiiespondent on August 20) The -l.ncns foieshadoMb the piniisinu of a new pibsengcr sei nee between Gip it Bntiin and the Commonwealth llithcito the Blue 1 unncl line lins confined itself lo cn go bhips Hie -Tncas and its two sistci irs sclbtnill cith pi oi ide aecomniodilion for 300 first class pis»engers 1 ach ship mil be 19,500 tons displacement li 000 indicated horse poiiei, 10 000 tons icgistci Hie Alni com iinelcss s)stem of telegraph) mit lie m&t; died 1 irai rate nccommodation foi passengers will be piondod at tundente puces, the cibuis being »itiia'ed amidships nitli neeess to all the public rooms without liai ing to go outside on (leek V special nurbel) will be pionded for childi cn Hie pisbetigcis will embark at 1 i_hc,imd li) bpceial tiiim from london, the !0)agc lo .delimit occupy ing 30 dil) fc Mes»rs George Wills and Co and Alessrs lohn bindeison and Co are the South Austrihin and Vie toiian agents Hie Iminbar ill is designed rithcr foi lefnfc.ratcd tugocs than foi pii-bcngers She is 7 000 ton» gloss lind has rcfrigeiating niaclunci) of the caibonie an h)dndc t)pc During the inn fiom the lyne to Giaiesend an iiieiuge speed of 14 38 knols an houi n is bctiucd "llie Australian Medical loumal for sCplem 1 cr containing original articles note» und c«mi ments renews and extracts on current medical topics is to band from llir publisher Mcssis -tlitwell and Co ! lecture will bo deliicrcd at the lum altan Church Hall tills evening at S o clock I) Mr J II -ranthlin I lier director of the I istcin buliiuhs Inimical College on irt Craftworl To dal s auction sjies include tie following - Rcaiielianiii tiros it Molesworth st Kew 'io ise hold furniture Ac Ilajlce and Co nt tinir rooms Collins slrtel jeweller! electroplate win rooms Collins street jeweller) clrclrtoplatc win dow fittings -c Cunipboll and Sons at Kirk s Hazaar ! It C main gates Ac also horses vchlcl s Ac MilliT C \mile and Co at ! le tona Horse Nanaar racehorses ti ( Henderson at Burke road Camberwell residential property household furnishings Ac Hilpert & Joseph and to at Bourke street confectioner) show cases, ilttinfcs, Ac 