jafeaLi News and Nous. The latest reporta, concerning Lady Dutt_oy. are to tlie effect that ooauuues to make excellent progress towards recovery. As a. Consequence of. warnings which have been published with a view to stopping the immigration of . Danes I . Australia, the Premier of New Sontb Wales has forwarded . the fol-, - lowing cablegram 1 for publication iu>f the British press: —•'Wade, Premier of Nctt South Wales, strongly resents publication by Danish Ministry of » Foreign Affaire of warning against j Australia as field for emigration. • He L states no country iu world to-day ot'- ; fers better field for. industrious worker j than New South Wales. Ten thou- . sand genuine settlers "class in 1909 all satisfactorily settled without delay. Practically no unemployed preeont time, but "huge unsatisfied demand agricultural and domestic labor at remunerative wages. Since i<nJ6 N.S.W. assisted 1400 immigrants, Government guaranteeing work for agriculturists and domestic servants, and placing in satisfactory Employment day of landing. Hundreds of these immigraats have made homes on land, own- ingr-freehold.; now . pros- • perous farmeral < In. sanle period 179,. 534 people arrived in N«w South Wales and a/8,oi9; in Australia from overseas." (/ Tlie Coroner has'given his findings the Beaufort Railway smash, in Which Driver Coward and* Firemen itussell <asd GiUiard. lost their lives. Be eays that tfie accident was caused by the uuskilfnhiess ajid carele®ness or error iu the manipulation of the brakes % Driver Coward. He added, as a rider, that the following, were in a greater or lessor degree conrtibutory causes i—1. The failure of the operatives of the locomotive sheds at Ballarat Bast and Stawell, particularly fitters Baker and Fewster, to , repair engiae No. 413. 2. Error of judgment scaU breach of regulations by Drivers Gronn and Coward in taking out engine No. 413 at Stawell in ite condition, instead of insisting on its ripair, or another engine being eupplied. * 3. The slippery condition of the rails through showery w 4\. The long period worked by Coward, namely, 14 hours up to the time of. his death. " I recommend," ihe Coroner added, the commissioners to take stpps to ensure that ' the work of repairing engines and .seeing that they do not leave the sheds except in perfect running, order, be faithfully attended to by a;ll locomotive , sheds officers; that enginedrivers be further and more insistently enjoined to* refuse to take out .any but a road-, worthy engine; that, as a. measure of .safety, some means, if possible, be ! found to enable a driver approaching a station and finding his train out of control, to communicate that fact;'' A Reuter's message from Tokio states that oO fishing boMs have been wrecked in a great storm off the East Coast of Japan, and that fully bv>«j persons have perished. A special race train returning from Helena Vale on Saturday ran into a pony and cart driven by an Austrian gardener named Antonia Kerecich, at the Meadonv=street crossing, Guildford. The pony was killed, but the Austrian providentially escaped injury; Fifteen minutes later at the same spot there was a narrow escape from what might easily have been another sensational smash. 1 j. two-horse cab returning from the Helena Vale races to Belmont, with four or five passengers; was proceeding a.ong illfeadow-street. The driver," it is supposed, was interested in tlie crowd standing in the vicinity of the crossing, and evidently failed to notice a passenger train from Perth to MSdlajd Junction, approach- ing the spot, btrt fortunately it was proceeding very elowly. It was only on his attention beisig attracted by the shouts of the bystanders that he saw the impending danger and endeavored to pull up. Luckily be was successful, the horses ' beinx btwught to a halt within a couple oi yards or so of the train. The occupants of the cab hurriedly left the vehicle on hearing the commotion among the bystanders.. Later particulars regarding \ the. - Fitzrov explosion show that four shops were destroyed, the windows. of the shops adjoining and on the opposite side of tho streets were shat-. tared, and bricks and pieces; of glasr ; were scattered Jn all directions,' completely blocking the road. The explosion took place in Crabtree's shop, a great burst of flame shooting right across the street. The shock was terrific and people were "startled in their beds. Crabtree was\ discovered . under • tho debris unconscious and terribly injured, and later on a girl, Mabel .Sneddon, was found under some of the wreckage. She was saved from death by a heavy beam which had fallen in/' such a position to prevent her bod* being crushed. She was handed ov<£to, her father little the fforeWfor her adventure. JIrs Sneddon. P'a with ^r infaint was found bv 4nsbb^' Reynolds, sustained injuries that Dr. Bottomley pronounced were severe, Crabtree's assistant, named Shaw, wn* found his way to the hospital, has made | a statement to the police to the. that six weeks ago Crabtree took out, ' fire policy for%00 on the stocC but in what office he did not W The stock was then • removed, anddummies in the shape of bags of sawdust and empty tins, were brought, in: to fill its place. Tlie goods . were removed in CraJHjjree's jinker. about ju seek ago;. Crabti-ee brought in the . shavings." Shaw believed that thejr b^d'been obtained from a Chinese joiner. These. Crabtree emptied, % a recess beneath the stairway, and then took two tins of methylated alcohol and two t;ns of benzine, and poured them upon the pavings. Many bottles of benzine stotia aronad the shelves. "Now, young man," Shaw to go. You've got to stick to me like a leech." Sb»w declares that he went upstairs* He intended, when the fire started, to get out upon the front verandah, slide down the ver- . andab post and thus escape into th» street. Crabtree's .intentions be did not know. The detectives are satisfied that Shaw's statement is oo<rect, and both he and Crabtree nn % 