From the Other Side of the World. SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, April 5. It is announced by a London paper that the Government is considering the ap-<*> pointment of a Royal Commission on tariff reform, and its personnel will be such as to commend it to the Unionists, Iv the course of a lawsuit it was stated that Aliss Ruth St. Denis, a dancer, re ceived a salary of £270 a week during Eex London engagement. It is stated that 125 persons died of star vation in England and Wales during 1908' Tho promoters of the butter boycott in Germany strongly urge the removal of the (prohibition against the importation of Aus tralian and Now Zealand ibutter. Sir George .Reid, Commonwealth Higfe Commissioner, has it-sued a frtatesnent re . garding the recent strictures on the alleged treatment of married immigranla with, families in Australia, for which he says there i* some ground, but such cases are not common, and to extend their signifi cance into a general unwillingness to wel come married immigrants is a gross in justice. Australia wante workers and their wives and families. A 'banquet to British poets and poets' descendants has bean given in London, 300 being present. In the House of Commons Mr. A3quitlvs j^fcaotiou applying the guillotine to the veto resolutions in committee was carried by 217 votes to 133 after a long and lively debate. The strike of French naval reservist* at Marseilles has extended to London. At the Canadian military manoeuvres at Montreal successful experiment* were made with petrol traction engines for transport purposes. The Union Bank of Brooklyn, VJS.A-, with a capital of 1,000,000 dollars and de posits totalling 5,500,000 dollars, has sus pended payment. The German Navy League now has a membership of 1,031,339, and the funds ' increased last year to a total of £1,671), -190. Free labour bureaus are being estab lished by the Government of Quebec in the principal cities of the province, ow ing to the extortions of private labour agencies. Under the auspices of the Public Schools Immigration League, Dr. Grey, head master of Bradneld Coil^e, is taking a dozen youths, and training them on a ranch of 1000 acres at Calgary, in Alberta (North-west Canada), to enable them to take up farming for themselves. LONDON, April 6. The shipment of apples by flic Oaterley Arrived in excellent condition, though cone were pitted, and met with a strong market. ?SouLh Australian and Victorian Jonathans realised 9/ to 15/ per ca<?e, with a few to 19/; Cleopatras, 9/3 to J4/C, a few realising 17/6 ; Reinettes, 7/3 A 9/3 ; Munroa, 8/6 to 11/; Cube, 12/6 18/0. West Australian Cleopatras, 10/ to 13/; Dunns, 8/6 to 12/6; Jonathans, 11/ to 16/6 ; F. W. Cox's, 22/ to 27/, South Australian pears realised1 4/ to 5/6 per tray. The West Australian were mode rate in condition and quality, and the bulk sold at 5/ to 11/ per 301b. box; Gi-cs Colmans, 15/ to 17/6. King Edward, who has been at Biarritz for gome time past, i 3 alleged to be re covering from an attack of influenza. The " Pall Mali Gazette" calls the War Office's attention to the fact that Queens land is among the finest of horse-breeding countries. The A.J.S. Bank reconstruction scheme ha? been approved by the Court in Lon don. Fifty per cent, of the South Wales coal miners nave balloted, and there was an overwhelming majority in favour of accept ing the musters' terms. The public have subscribed 85 per cent, of the New Zenl «nd Vk per cer.t. debenture issue of £1.850,000. The first of the resolutions dealine wit* the veto of the Hour? of Lord* was moved in the House of Comiro"B by M-. Haldane, who was replied to by Mr. Austen Cham berlain. Mr. Hamilton Benn moved a resolution in favour of fiscal reform, which hi* said was necessary owing to foreign tariffs hin dering British trade, and aggravating un employment, but a free- trade amendment was carried by 235 to 202. The Irish Na tionalists did not vote. After a stormy, all-night sitting, the Orange River Colony Legislative Council by the casting vote of the President, passed the first reading of a Bill subjecting school teachers to disabilities unless they are bi linsual. Three Bengali youths were arrested for loitering and carrying arms near a railway when the Viceroy's train was expected to pass. Jeff rie3 and Johnson arc bcth in training for the match for the heavyweight boxing championship. Bandits entered the Victor Banking Com pany's office at MTteerocks, Pennsylvania, and alter shooting the manager, the cashier, and three clerks, decamped with 5000 dollars. A runaway descending car collided with another car on the Mount Vesuvius funic ular railway, and a lady was killed, and her husband seriously injured. Sir R. Perks is the chief promoter of a company which is being formed to con struct three large dry docks in Canada and ereot a first-class shipbuilding plant at fet. John, New Brunswick. French bluejackets are replacing the stokers on strike at Marseilles, and this has enabled a few mailboats to leave, but <Jhe Caledonien for' Australia, and 30 other vessels have been unable to sail. The Grand Jury at Pittsburg, U.S.A., has ordered the indictment of Frank Hoff stot, steel manufacturer and banker, on charges of conspiracy, and also paying 52,500 dollars to a member of the City Council to secure the selection of certain banks o« the d-positories for the city funds. LONDON, April 7. The eight hours question has been set tled in Durliam, and the disaffected col lieries ore reopening. Mr. John Foster, a Bradford worsted spinner, has left an estate valued at £1,000.000. Experiment* are being made in the Cancer Hospital in London with tlhe ionic siirgory adopted by Dr. Massey, of the Oncological Hospital, Chicago. Lord Kitchener, who 'has arrived at San Francisco, has expressed a desire to be treated as a private citizen during this stay in America. An explosion occurred on the steamer Cavinront as a . result of a fire in her coal bunkers, and a panic resulted among the 000 Russian and Armenian emi grants on board, bound for America. (Many of tlie men attempted to rush the women's boats, but' the British crew took determined measures, and finally all on board were transferred to other steamers and landed at Dover. Mr. Jdhin Forbes, chairman of the Scot tish Fish Oil and Guano Co., will visit Australia with a viow to the formation of a company to introduce Scotch methods into the Commonwealth fishing industry. In the House of Commons, the first resolution dealing with the veto of the House of UovAs was carried iby 339 Motes to 237, amid excited uproar. Prince and Princess Ekel Fried rioh of Germany and 1500 German pilgrims are visiting Jerusalem to attend tJtoe consecra tion of the Protestant Catholic Church ot Olivet and Zion. Owing to an outbreak of ineningiitis a large ironworks at Copenhagen has been closed, and there have been several fatal cases in the Danish orovinces. In connection with the Luez scandals in France, documents have been discov ered at n ladys residence showing that there was a widespread conspiracy to Rtwure tilie property of the dissolved re ligious orders. Dr. Atberti, son of a Berlin millionaire wamifnoturer, was seriously injured through the fall of liis Bleriot monoplane from n height of 30ft. Tn .his African expedition, Mr. Roose velt collected 4807 mammals, 4000 birds, 2000 reptiles, 500 fishes, and thousands of plants, &c.; Mr. Patten, the American cotton "King." i* stated to have sustained a loan of £300,000 in one day. Bwhop Whitehead, of tfhe Episcopal Church at Prttsbniy. U.S.A., "has ordered special prayers cm Sunday next for de liverance from political corruption. m The Egyptian National Aswnbly re jected the proposals for an extension of ♦he Suez Onnal concession, aikl an enthu mar&K; dem^TW-ratjon by itlhe Egyptian Nationalist* followed. Senator Lodce ihas introduced in the Amrr^an Senate a Bill limiting the u«e of cold ftmrrnire for the purpose of main taining artificially tl"? *>n: .n« o rf f,w*. LONDON, April 8. Sir James Reid, Ph> s.cian-in-oidinary to the King, denies <the truth of the report that hi* Majes-ty, who is now at Biarritz,' baa had an a tack of influenza. 'He adds that King Edward is leading bis usual life. The manager of Batger and Co., whole sale confectioners, jam makers, &c;, Lon don, declares Mat England was never nearer a sugar famine than at the present time, the average advance in price for the past twelve months being prac.ically 30 per cent. The abolition of the sugar bounties on the Continent has lowered the home price to foreigners and lei- Bened their exports to England. The Board of Trade returns for the month of March eltow that the imports into the United Kingdom increased by £6,106,928, compffred with the previous corresponding period. The exports in creased by £2,486,885, and the re-exports by £903,609. The Princess Christian to-day opened the Ideal Home Exhibition, promoted by the London "Mail," at Olympia. The Com monwealth's display of the products and photographs of homesteads and scenery of the various States is attracting much at tention. In consequences of the dispute with Ecuador, and the warlike feeling prevailing in the latter Republic, 15,000 volunteers have been recruited at Lima, the capital of Peru, and a detachment has been sent to the frontier. LONDON, April 9. It is reported by the Medical Officer of Health for London that 283 briskets and flanks of Queensland beef ex Perthshire contained a pirasitical worm. A London firm has been prosecuted for importing 33cwt. of Victorian butter, con taining 18.2 per cent, of water. The new Australian destroyer Yarra has been successfully launched, the christening ceremony being performed by Ms. Moore, wift of the West Australian Premier. Half a dozen self-appointed and self styled "Imperial missioners," from Canada, South Africa, and Australia are addressing meetings in England on Imperial prefer ence, but they do not claim any representa tive 'capacity. A settlement of the South Wales colliery dispute hoc been signed, as a result of the ballot of the miners. ..;• The British battleship Colossus has been launched at Greenock. ; The German shipping linn have reduced the surtax on freights to Australia by 2/6 to 5/ per cubic metre. A reduction of 0 per cent, in wages has! been decided upon by the master cotton spinners in Manchester, and a crisis w feared. Speaking at Manchester, the Chief Gov ernment Whip stated that a crisis would arise from the hour when the Government was notified of the rejection of the veto resolutions by the House of Lords. Lord Kitchener has been toasted at San Francisco as " the greatest living general .today." He did not attend the military parade tliere, being anxious to avoid a pub lic receptiop and the importunities of in terviewers. Serious fighting has taken place between the Albanians and Turkish troops,, the latter sustaining considerable losses. The naval reservists at Toulon and Bordeaux have decided not to support the strikers at Marseilles. The powerful armoured cruiser Moltke, which completes Germany's 1908 shipbuild ing programme, has been launched at Ham burg. A bum of £3,600.000 is to be expended in improving the harbour of Montreal A Bill to make bookmaking illegal was rejected by the Parliament of the Province of Ontario, after two days' discussion, by 78 votes to 77. _The art collection of the late C. 8. Yerkes, the Ameiican millionaire, whi.h has been auctioned in New York, realised a total of £406,890. _The Paris cduit3 have acquitted Augu«tin? Regard, a young woaan who was charged with killing lier husband. She fired eighteen shot* at him, and twice reloaded her re volver. The defence was that she had a dissolute husband, who had threatened to murder her and her children. The jury men were moved to tears, and collected a sum of 95 francs, which they handed to the widow. LONDON, April 10. The Biarritz correspondent of the " Ob server' states that the King's health is perfectly re-established. Sir George Reid (Awtralicn High Com missioner) is spending the week-end as the gue-t of Lord and Lady Lamington. The French submarine Ventos, while manoeuvring at Cherbourg, dived to a depth of 105 ft., and con tinued to travel at that depth for 24 minutes. The crew suffered no ill ef fects. Queen Alexandra, on the occasion of General Booth's 81et birthday, sent him a letter, wishing him every btasin*. and expressing the hope that be will be long spared to continue the good aud valu able work he has been doing in God's service. The British Government has issued frexh Treasury Bi'ls to the amount of £4.000.000. making a total floating debt of £32,500,000 since October last, and the. interest in now £20,000 a week. While riding in the Parliamentary Steeplechase at Epping, Mr. James Tom kinson, liberal M.P. for the Crewe Divi sion of Cheshire, was thrown from hia horse, and yustained injuries which proved fatal. Two ladies have issued summonses against Mr. P. Curzon for turning them away from the Prince of Wales' Theatre in London, because they wore hats measur ing over a yard in width. Sir George Reid, in the peroration of his speech at the luncheon in connection with the launch of the Australian de stroyer Yarra, said : "We are in peace time one people wherever the flag flics, and in war time will be one force wher ever the flag is fired upon." Six arrests ihave been made in connec tion with a grave society etandal at Bremen, and several other persons impli cated have fled. Correspondence which has been seized compromises many per sons. M. Kmet, a Belgian, carrying a passen ger on a Farman 'biplane, made a record journey of 102 miles in 140 minutes. 'I'be Naval Teservists on strike at Mar seilles. have begun to yield. Mount Etna continues iin eruption, and one stream of lava v advancing at the rate of 30ft. per hour. M. Briand, the French Premier, presid ing at a banquet of 1000 of his consti tuents, unfolded the programme of the Socialist ami Radical majority, but a hos tile demonstration iwas made outside by a body of Collcctivist Sociaijets, who •mashed the wundows and stoned M. Briand and hb supporters when they were quitting the bftQ. 150,000 Socialists held a demonstration in Berlin on Sunday in favour of tfhe adop tion of direct and secret auffirage in Prussia. 