LORDS AND' COMMONS. «- . / Judging by our cables, the Imperial Parliament has reassembled in a more chastened mood, and a conference between parties now seems highly probable. A section of the Liberal N press, it is true, suggests to Mr. Asquith that it must be a conference with no compromise as its motto, but Mr. Asquith) will probably take his own counsePou that score. Undoubtedly the general feeling, both at home and in the colonies, is that the first year of a new reign is not a fit and proper time for a constitutional struggle. It may be said that the nation does not now take an interest in the political crisis. The death of King Edward has altered the whole outlook. It knows, no doubt, that a difficult situation has arisen which it will require tact and common sense to meet. It knows that the Lords cannot be allowed to seriously obstruct the will of the nation once that will is unmistakable and undeniable. But it is certainly not ready for single chamber government, and, much as it ap- preciates its House of Commons, it has no serious intention of permitting that House to obtain absolute power. If the recent elections revealed anything at all they revealed this steady and equable tem- per of the English people. The electors knew very well that there was a great deal of good, mixed with a little of the not so good, in both Houses, and it is contended that they very carefully re- frained from giving anything like a mandate for the destruction of either. Undoubtedly the country really wanted to see the two Chambers working efficiently together, and British common sense declines to believe that this is an impossibility. The extraordinarily virulent controversy that has resounded over England has to be discounted a very great deal before we can reach anything like a true statement of the case. Mr. Asquith and Mr. Lloyd George have permitted themselves to go to the limit of political argument, and the press in general has gone beyond the limit. On the other hand the Unionists have pictured a condition bordering on anarchy, and promising a full tide of revolution at any instant. Such a controversy grows by what it feeds on, and the issues are magnified out of all proportion to reality. Fortunately it spends most of its fury on itself, and when it has grown weary the com- batants on either side can come together without being much the worse for it. Those who suffer most are the few enthusiasts who believe all they hear. The issue between the two Houses is sufficiently grave, but a solution should certainly be found. In the present condition, of affairs the country will expect Mr. Asquith to held in his colleagues, and generously meet Mr. Balfour in an attempt to meet the new situation. It he does not be tide of feeling may swing against Liberalism, and that would be a wholly deplor- able close to the' struggle. There is no doubt that the , Unionists have made a fatal tactical mistake in committing themselves to tariff reform, and this fortunately will give Mr. Asquith time to recover if he roads the signs of the hour aright. What the country wants above all else is rest from what threatened to be interminable strife, and a return to something like the old dignity of political life, it is tired of the turmoil, and tired of political sterility. For the most part it would no doubt welcome a reasonable reform of the Lords, as it would demand a reasonable predominance of the Commons. but it is sick of a universal wrangle-and that is about the only mandate It has to give. Saturday's "Herald." On account of the large amount of advertising; matter which has to be dealt with for Saturday's issue of the "Herald," advertisers and agents are requested to send in their advertisements as early as possible to-day, in order to facilitate classification. "Disowned. The Premier resents the statement attributed to a member of the Victorian Ministry that Ernest Cogger, who was sentenced at the Hawthorn Court, came out to New South Wales as an assisted immigrant. Mr. Wade had the matter investigated yesterday, and ascertained that there was so trace in the books of the Maffra,. tion Department which could identify Cogger as being in any way associated with that department. "He has evidently been assisted by some person," Mr'. Wade added, "and we know there are many charitable bodies prepared to pay the passage of men from England to the colonies, and a man of this kind may easily slip through. I do not want to be guilty of making any unfair assertion with regard to these private Immigration bodies, but it is abundantly clear that he received no assistance from either the Victorian or the New South Wales Governments, and the responsibility must rest on the private organisation which found the money for him to come out here." In Praise of the Cook The Minister for Education indulged in a great panegyric of the cook" whilst opening a new cookery school situated midway between the Globe and Forest Lodge Public schools yesterday, and he had an entirely sympathetic audience. In a home, Mr. Hogue declared, they all knew the value of a good cook, and the disadvantages attach- ing to a bad one. (Hear, hear.) It was often said that although Providence Bent the food someone else sent the cooks, (daughter.) Cooking, according to Mr. Hogue, appeared to be regarded by some as being amongst the exact sciences, because, the Minister said, too many cooks spoilt the broth. 3 [Laughter.) Girls who could cook made better wives, and were responsible for better-temporod husbands. It might also be true that girls who could not cook well were responsible for bad tempered husbands. They should not forget the old saying, "If you want to keep a man quiet feed the brute." (Cheers from the ladies.) All Mr. Hogue would admit, however, was that If you wanted to keep a man in good health give him wholesome, well cooked food. (Cheers from the gentlemen.) That was an important thing, Mr. Hogue said, for wives to know. The Department of Education was doing a great deal in the matter of cooking. There were now 47 centres at which Public school cookery classes were being conducted. There were 44 cookery teachers at work educating no fewer than 3602 pupils. There were nine young women who were being trained as teachers, and 20 who were being prepared for admittance to training. The course of instruction did not only include the mere details of plain cooking, but such questions as the value of the various kinds of food, and their actions on the diges- tive organs. Then the important question of cooking for Infants was being thoroughly gone into. There was no doubt that through ignorance which prevailed all over the world in the preparation of food for infants the foundation of ill-health was often laid. The department wished to remedy this as far as New South Wales was concerned. Dr. Bohrsmann, who spoke after the Minister, said that If better cooking were general there would not be so much indigestion. Gladstone, Father and Son. Sir Henry Lucy, writing on May 6, says: It is characteristic of the statesman whom It is still difficult to allude to an Lord Gladstone that, on being appointed to the Governorship of South Africa, with its bi-lingual population, who straightway applied himself to learning Dutch. There is in this incident a trace of heredity that would have pleased the, late Mr. Galton. When making his historical trip to the opening of the Kiel Canal, Mr. Gladstone bethought him that at least two days would be spent In Denmark. He accordingly, being in his 86th year, sat down to learn the Danish language, succeeding to an extent which he was pardonably proud. Felt low-passengers pacing the main deck of UiOj Tantallon Castle, on to which his state, cabin opened, caught glimpses of him with a Danish book in his hand, a dictionary at his elbow. If he had not been distinguished in other ways, j Mr. Gladstone would have been notable as a linguist. I never heard that he was acquainted with German. But equally with his mother tongue he was at home in Latin, Greek, French, and Italian. Probably In his wildest dreams he never pictured his favourite son Herbert as a Viscount Governor-General of South At Erica studiously mastering the Dutch tongue. Irish Historical Manuscript. There is now on view at the Queensland Tourist Bureau, Pitt-street, a valuable memento of the occasion when Dr. Kevin Izod O'Doherty This band of "Eva," of the "Nation," who died in Brisbane a week or two ago was incarcerated with other "Irish compatriots In Richmond Prison, Ireland, in 1846. There are six sig- natures-all original. All signatures have the name of the prison, and the date is June 16, ISiO. Thomas Francis Meagher leads off with, The next best thing to fighting for a I good cause Is the suffering for it." Tuon fore I low. Terence Bellew McManus, Kevin Izod O'Doherty, John Martin, William Smith O'Brien, and Patrick O'Donohue. On the back of the frame is an endorsement by M'Manus that all the signatures are original, and were obtained at the prison. Unhealthy Works Union witnesses before the Wharf Labourers' (Deep Sea) Board have laid a great deal of stress upon the injurious nature of some of the work they are called out to do. The cargoes that they specially label as dangerous to health are frozen meat, ' sulphur, copper, and bonedust, and the fear that they would be asked to handle these articles is one of their main reasons for objecting to employment as constant hands. One witness stated that he had noticed a man working beside him in a freezing chamber go outside and spit up clots of blood. Two days afterwards he died of pneumonia. Another man said he had suffered from a cold for seven years, and had been under the care | of four doctors. They had to wear extra clothing, but It got soaked through very quickly. The union claims Is 10½d an hour for handling frozen meat. ' Men handling sulphur said that they suffered frequently from prickly heat, whilst those who handled bonedust bled at the nose. They also complained that after handling blood manure their clothes smelt so badly that they were unable to ride home In trams or trains Other witnesses spoke of the great liability of, accidents, especially in handling bullion, These who escape both accidents and sick- . ness are always known as lucky men. | Civilised Men and Savages. An erroneous idea that was generally accepted, said Mr. J Hallinan, at the Railway Institute last night, was that civilised man was immeasurably superior in powers of mind to the savage.! That was not so. It was, however, true that the intellectual powers of savages, in most cases, were somewhat lower than those of the highest civilised races, but not so much lower as to prevent their gifted individuals being considerably above the average individual of the civilised race. Ethnologists told us that the Australian aboriginal was the most degraded of humans. Yet there was to-day In Sydney a young man, a full-blooded black, rescnP'l while only a baby from a massacre in Northern Queensland, who now held a responsible position in a large engineering works. He was selected to fill the position on account of his special ability, and had always performed his work satisfactorily. The Quarterly Meeting According to practice, the quarterly meetings of the City Council are still held. They have been held for half a century. The two hundredth and thirteenth took place yesterday, and, as is usual, merely formal business was transacted.' The minutes of previous meetings were solemnly confirmed. Alderman Cocks regards this periodical conclave of the alder- men who transact no practical business, as farcical. He asked the Lord Mayor yesterday when the farce was to cease. The Lord Mayor did not make a statement on the subject. The minutes having been duly confirmed, the proceedings terminated. Delayed in Transit Every succeeding day brings a sheaf of complaints about the Postal Department. It is a common occurrence nowadays for a letter to he delayed in transit Following on the cases mentioned in the "Herald" yesterday, mother and even more curious case has come to light. An important letter containing legal documents was posted in London addressed to J. H. Earnshaw, Mosman. Mr KnrnM'aw had temporarily. left the district. but had given his address to the post-office. with Instructions that letters for him should be sent to Lewisham. Instead of being delivered there, however, this London letter found its way to Victoria, where it rested for a considerable time in the dead letter office, But somehow or other it resumed its travels, and eventually was delivered to the address where it was originally sent. The time occupied in transit was 78 days. \- An Appeal from the Dorrigo "Eastern Dorrigo hopes that the Dorrigo railway proposal, which has been approved by the Public Works Committee, will be pushed on with at once. He says-We the present time the settlers are in a very unenviable position. It is a matter of impossibility to get supplies I (from the Coramba end of such lines as building material, fencing wire, etc. I have a block on the Eastern Dorrigo, about 15 miles from Coramba. . Three months ago I sent a quantity of wire roofing Iron, grass seed, and other Hues from Sydney by boat, but they are still lying at Coff's Harbour, as I cannot get any of the teams to cart them, even at their own price. Previously I could get stuff taken out for £2 per ton, but' as the roads are so bad they will not handle the stuff at all. I wished. to sow a quantity of English grass seed in the autumn, bunt appears I will have to lose a whole season which is a serious mat- tor to me." The Law of Heredity.-^-''Tho tendency of like to beget like is what we mean by heredity," said Mr. Hallinan at the outset of his lecture on that subject, delivered at the Railway Institute last night. All their acquaintance with the facts of reproduction, he continued, indicated that in the organic "world heredity was a universal truth. They were aware that the likenesses were never identical, but the differences were merely differences of degree, never differences in the essential nature. All the traits or characters of every living thing are separable in theory into two distinct categories. They are either inborn or acquired. Inborn characteristics are those which take origin in the germ plays; they are the inevitable expression of the intrinsic properties of the germ cells from which they have arisen. Acquired characteristics, on the other hand, are the modifications of inborn characteristics, caused by the play of forces from the environment on those characteristics either before or, as a rule, after birth. Human beings were characterised almost entirely by their acquirements, instincts had almost entirely disappeared, and even those which remained were deferred, only appearing some time subsequent to their birth. When they realised to how great an extent the so called human nature of adult man was the result of nurture, training, subjective striving, and all the social, and traditional influences which surround him they could not refrain from thinking what incalculable improvements might be produced in the moral, mental, and physical attributes of man under educational and social systems of a more perfect kind, The Halcyon says-The men of our day have nothing like the physique and ondur once that they had in the old days." "A man cannot earn nearly so much these days as he could years ago, and he has to work harder." Both statements have been made at the Wharf-labourers' Wages Board, and though they are rather conflicting, both have a good deal to support them. Twenty or thirty years ago there was not so much work on the wharfs, and the stronger men got nearly all that was going. Now that there is more work and competition is keener the unionists say they have to work at top pressure all the time, and a man goes under more quickly. One witness Said yesterday that they put as much wool in a steamer now in a few days as they could load into a sailing vessel in a month a few years ago. As a consequence, when the work lasted so much longer they got steady employment sometimes for months at a time. The speed at which all work was done now was 100 per cent greater than it was 20 years ago. l Trawling Company to Starter. H. C. Dannevig stated yesterday that the work of the Endeavour trawler had nothing to do with the distribution of fish, at simply aimed at securing data upon which fishermen could work without having to waste time a lot of bottom surveying. Up to the. present a good number of trawlers areas had been discovered on the south and east of Australia, and from these a continuous and regular supply could be brought to the selected depots for distribution to the public in even quantities, and at a uniformly cheap rate. The Government did not propose to undertake distribution, deeming that to be "a matter purely for private enterprise. As a commercial proposition trawling was attracting much attention from England, and he was in receipt of inquiries showing that people were prepared to put money into trawling ventures when they had perfected a distribution scheme. Within the next two or three months a new company would start operations in Melbourne, and nothing caught would be wasted. At present the unstable fish were thrown away, but before long they would all be utilised. The Domestic Record. According to a return prepared by the Commonwealth Statistician, birth was given last year, within the Commonwealth, to 2366 children who entered the world as twins, and 42 others came within the category of triplets. At table dealing with paternity shows that in a 869 cases the fathers were under the age of 21 years, and that two "fathers" were returned as aged 16, having wives aged 16 and 17 years respectively. Of mothers under the i age of 21 years there were 6500. Three of, them were returned as 14 years of age, and I 17 as waged IB. Of mothers who gave birth to illegitimate children, two were 12 years old, j 9 were aged 14, and 61 were aged 16. The number of illegitimate births represents 6.01 of the total births for the year. Diphtheria Prevalent. During the month of May over 200 cases of diphtheria were reported to the Health Department, or twice as many as in the month of April. On Wednesday there were 144 cases under treat- Iment in the Coast Hospital, and yesterday 11 fresh case? Ayers admitted. The tax upon the accommodation provided is severe. Diphtheria is- more prevalent now than for many years past, but, thanks to the modern method of treatment, the fatal cases, which used to range from 37 to 60 per cent., HOWE average 2½ per cent. Referring to the remarks of Archdeacon obeyed In connection with the induction of Rev E. G. Cranswick at St. John's, Glebe, "A Lover of Tolerance" writes stating; that out of the 70 in the church the wardens and parishioners were represented by less than a dozen, that number including two or three churchwardens and their families who had seen fit to oppose the unanimous desire of the parishioners, and six of the junior choir always (not one-third of their number). The rest were friends of Mr. and Mrs. Cranswick, and those clergymen representing different schools of thought. The writer considers that Archdeacon Boyce by his action in the matter has poured oil upon life, instead of on water, by raking up the latent fuel in the parishioners of Bishopthorpe. Dr. Arthur writes that while he is in hearty agreement with the proposal to open the Pilliga Scrub by means of a railway, the construction of a line from Narrabri, which would terminate in a dead-end in the South, would be inadequate. Why not, he asks, carry the line at once to Coonamble? Such a line would act as an invaluable cross-country railway. Iii' an oversight the picture "The Defence of Rorke's Drift" was attributed in a notice in our columns to Lady Butler. It was painted by M. de Neuville, a French artist. Lady Purler's most fatuous work is "The Hon] Call," painted in 1871, and purchased by the late Queen Victoria. The method by- which seats are booked for the concerts of the Philharmonic Society is adversely criticised by "Subscriber." "If the queue system were carried out." he remarks, matters would he quite what they should be, but as Die booking Is conducted at present. It is nothing; more or less than an unseemly rush, where brute force prevails, and women have no chance. The queue should be observed, and in the Philharmonic Society wishes to increase its membership it should CUT- out the plan." "Pro Bono Publico" thinks that the City Council should take steps to have the names of the various streets in the city clearly stated on Indicator boards. 