THE NORTHERN TERRITORBY. \- London. Feb. 9. Professor J. W. Gregory, one time Professor of Geology in the Univer sity of Melbourne, who has travelled exteisively over Australia, read a paper last night, before the . Geo graphical Society, on the -geo grarphical cbnditions that controlled Australia's :development. It was his conviction, he said, that there was no region- of tropical Australia which Europeans could not boloniGe. It would be possible to tell in twenty years whether the colonisation of Australia's tropical territory by whites was practicable within a reasonable time. If it were not, then he suggested that the coloured races might be admitted under stringent regula tions confining them to thus area. Sydney, Feb. 9. The Danish Consul (Mr. Tarcker) and the Swedish Consul (Court, Morner), said' to-day that neither Denmark nor Sweden can spare aglicultural immigrants, and, though they do send immigrants from other classes, the Consuls find it. most diffi cult to place them. The warnings given by the Go vernments seem to be due to the forwarding to the Swedish. authori ties by Count Morner of a news paper -cutting -of a report of an at tack on the Government immigra tion policy by Mr. Holman at New. castle last November. In that speech Mr. Holmnan spoke of the steady stream of immigration that was being directed to Australia .by the dissemination of"deiberately lying statements; "Immigrants," said Mr. Holman, "found themselves on arrival 'in a fool's paradise' into which they .had been deluded by the deliberate lies of an uinprincipled Government." Count Morner lays he forwaided Mr. Hooman's remarks to the Swe dish Government with a request that it be forwarded to the Swedish Anti Immigration Society. Count Mor ner also said that the Swedis1 immi grants w:ho came here, being mostly non-agricultural, found much diffl culty in getting employment.. The Chinese on the Pacific ooast have decreed a boycott of San Francisco because of the ill-treat. ment of Orientals at the immigra tion station. Chinese vessels have been instructed to use the northern ports of Californi.,. 