FOREIGN NEWS. The estate oí thc late Mis, Eddy, the founder of Christian Science, is valued at £300,000. After bequest« to the deceased's relatives have been substracted the whole of the estate will be placed at the dis- posal of the Christian Science Church at Boston. . Mr. Andrew Carnegie has donated . 10.000,000 dollars (about £2,000,000)' to the new. Peace Foundation at Washing- ton. He. stipulates that when war has been abolished the balance of the money shall be used to fight "the next most de- grading evil." The Union Government is introducing a Bill to prohibit thc letting of mail con- tracts to any shipping combination which ? conducts operations detrimental to South African trade or maintains rebates com Ejelling the exclusive shipment of cargo if i its vessels. The Government will also introduce a general immigration law. The . Chinese Assembly has memori- alised, the Throne requesting that all diplomatists, officers, students, soldiers, and sailors shall be ordered to remove their queues, which arc stigmatised at "pigtails, commemorating the national subjection by the Manchus." At Paradise, in KaiiBas, laBt week , a desperado, named Ira Ward, robbed th< State Bank of £500 and then took to th« hills, A posse of armed farmers sur rounded hun, whereupon he committe-f suicide. i \ The "African World" circulates i statement from East London that deel chairs marked ''Waratah" . have beet washed ashore at Coffee Grove. , " Professor Jacoviell», of the Parma Uni- versity, has invented for the production of Hertzian waves an improved appli- ance which is likely to revolutionise wire- less telegraphy, ? The invention secures a more intense arc, continuous waves, and increased wave length. Signals" influenced by the new appliance are received with extraordinary force and clearness. The Gennau battleships Schwaben (12,000 tons) and Elsass (13,200 tons) col lided during a fog at Kiel last week. Serious damage was caused to the Schwaben's decks and to two of the Elsass's guns as well as to part of the latter's plating. The damage will take a couple of months to repair. A Hcusatiou has. been caused here by the arrest of Count Wolff-Metternich (aged 24 years) and two international card-rtiarners. Captain Newton and Julius Stéinmanu, on a charge of having won by meaus of card-sharping £1,000 from a German officer in a London hotel. The Count denies complicity in any fraudulent play. He lost he states, a considerable sum himself. It is alleged that unless thc Govern- ment of Honduras (one of the Central American- Republics) pays au indemnity for the murder of a British subject the Customs Houso at Puerto Caballos will be seized. The French Chamber of Deputies pass- ed the Bill providing for the imposition of a heavy Customs duty bn automatic fire-lighters. Particulars of the recent 'massacres perpetrated by the Bedouins at Korah, on the Dead Sea, show that Turkish regulars . were distributed among the tribes to dis- arm the Bedouins. The latter thereupon .planned and executed the massacre of thc troops and seized 16 guns. The massacre and looting at Eerah followed, but the Christians in that town were spared. Speaking at the International Peace Conference at Washington last wek, Mr. Andrew Carnegie said that 70 per cent, of tbe taxes raised in the United States was spent on preparations-for war and the payment of military pensions. He praised the idea of a World Court, composed of judicial and not diplomat io members, for thc settlement of international quarrels. In July last a detective who had or- ganised a raid upon the saloons at New- ark, in Ohio, was lynched and a verdict of manslaughter has now been returned against a negro for complicity in thc outrage. This is tbe first conviction in connection with the affair, and there afc 20 more rioters to bc tried. The offer of the United States to pro- vide a financial expert to advise the \- Chinese regarding a railway loan has been rejected. Henrique Comoros, the sou of a wealthy Mexican, and an American friend named Wohlim have been cap- tured by banditB ' and conveyed across the Texan border. A ransom of £5,000 is being demanded. Mr. P. W. Hirst, the editor of the London "Economist," addressing the International Peace Conference at Washington last week, stated that war scares were largely inspired by arma- ment contractors, who would ultimately drag the various countries into bank- ruptcy. The German Federal Council has as- sented to the constitution for Alsace-Lor- raine. The first Chamber will consist of 18 members, and the second Chamber of 60 members, who will be appointed by secret ballot. The franchise will be given to all persons over 25 years oí age. Two votes will be allowed to elec- tors over 35 years, and three votes to those over 45 years of age. The River Guadalquiver is 28ft. above its normal level, and the plain of Seville is like a vast lake. The bridge of boats at Alcala Delris broke1 its moorings, and three people were drowned. M. Albert, the Danish ex-Minister, who was recently convicted of extensive frauds, has been sentenced to eight years' imprisonment and fined 3,000 kronen, re- presenting the costs of the defence and the-prosecution. The outbreak of cholera on the island of Madeira iß decreasing. Of 864 cases that occurred on the island 265 cases proved fatal. ' / ? Speaking at a dinner in connection with the International Peace Congress at Washington this week. President Taft: , declared that the recent efforts of certain newspapers to create a scare by alleging' that the country was unprepared for war were absurd. He urged the imaei> ? taking of wise military preparations, but he declared that Americans would never consent to'the maintenance of a standing army able to cope with a European army. He favoured ene improvement - of the National Militia. Tiie Bedouins, who recently captured Eerak, on. the Dead Sea. have been de- feated by a Turkish relieving force. Tho coffin containing the body of Beatrice, daughter of Charles Martel (who gained a famous victory over the Saracens and saved Europe at Tours on October 10, 732), has been discovered at the Convent of St/ Just, at Grenoble, in the south-east of France.' A disastrous accidental explosion occur- red in the vicinity of the six- storey" power station - belonging to the New York Central. Railroad Company, And as a result 13 persons wore killed abd 125 others were' injured, several of them fatally. Ninety-eight of the injured had to bc taken to the hospitals. . . The Hamburg-American liner Swakojp inund (5,638 tons) lost her rudder white m the Bay of Biscay last; week, and drifted about for six days. The Dutch Australian steamer Itzehoe, bound for Melbourne, then took her in tow, and with great, difficulty brought her to" the English Channel. The assistance of other steamers was ultimately secured; and thc disabled vessel was towed to Ply;. 1 -mouth. The Chinese Assembly presented to the Throne a fresh memorial threatening to dissolve unless the' Grand Council "is" made responsible to the people. The Argentine Republic is placing . £4,000,000 worth of 4$ pet cejit. Treasury bills itt London, Paris,; and : Berlin, i '?: At á drinking shop in Paris Ibis wet au ' apache fired five shots at seven gendarmes, who were endeavouring to arrest him. He was ultimately shot down and captured. Shortly afterwards in another quarter of the city three apaches wounded a gendarme. The latter used his revolver and scared his assailants. The gendarme was subsequently found lying senseless on a footpath. The Chamber of Deputies is discussing a Bill for the payment of a subsidy to au Italian shipping company for tbev transport of 7,000,000 tons of coal annu- ally from South Wales to Italy, lu tho past £4,000,000 a year has been paid to English shipowners'for the transport of coal to Italy. f It is estimated that the deepening of the Seine so as to allow of ships coming right up to Paris will cost £12,000,000. As the shipbuilding yards at Fiume (in Hungary) will be fully equipped by the end of next year, they will receive the order for some of .the Dreadnoughts originally intended for Austrian dock- yards. At Tours Mrs. Paine, widow of the "American Copper King," has instituted legal proceedings against a man falsely posing as Count Doulby Neglatigny for the recovery of £40,000 paid to him for spurious pictures. Some of the pictures were signed "Corot" and others pur- ported td be originals by Murillo, Titian, and Correggio. Mrs. Paine says she has discovered that the pseudo Count is a son of a tailor living at Braintree, in Essex, England. Gaston Tacite, who in April last shot his mother (a wealthy widow) dead be- cause she had married a stockbroker 12 years her junior, was in Paris sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment . ?Count Beventlow*Henounces the fra- ternisation of the American and English naval men during the visit of the United States battleships to England. The de- cision of America not to send the fleet to. Germany he regards as a deliberately un- friendly act amounting to a political de- monstration when viewed in connection with the "vajjourings" of American officers at a recent banquet in the Guildhall, London. It has now been ascertained that the" total number of deaths caused by the gas explosion at the New^York Central Bail road Company's powdr station was ll. The damage caused has been estimated at £400,000. A strong protest lias been made by the Hungarian Chamber of Deputies against! the importation of Argentine meat into Austria,, and it has been suggested that if thc protest bo ignored obstacles shall be placed in thc way of Austrian pro- ducts entering Hungary. lu giving £2,000,000 to the University j of Chicago this weak, Mr. John D. Bocke- ' feller declared that the institution ought to "be controlled by the people. Mr. Rockefeller's total gifts to the University of Chicago amount to £7,000,000. , Tlie Union Assembly has passed a Biii establishing a High Commissionership in London, and also a Bill transferring -De Groote Schuur "Estate toj-he Government j for the purposes of a national University. ] The Cretan National Assembly has ap- j pealed to the protecting Powers against the use of the phrase "Turkey's sovereigu rights" in connection with Crete, in- stead of the phrase formerly used,- name- ly, "Turkey's suzerainty." In connection with Hie Senate's in- quiry into 'the administration of the ; artillery branch of the War Office, a j eensation has been caused by thc arrest of M. Meyer (head of the gun depart»! ment ojf the Government factory at Ob' j hukoff)-aud several of his associates. j "Tommy" Burns, the former " heavy- \ weight boxing champion of the world, j ha8 been severely injured in a collision between two trams near Seattle. Ho is1 now permanently incapacitated as a fighter. * The Mexican Governmeut-lias despatch ed large .reinforcements of troops to Chlhuhua. It is believed that thc rebels have .been trapped and that a -decisivo battle- is imminent. 