NEWS OF THE DAY, ' STATE PARLIAMENT. Both Houses.of tho Stato Parliumenl will meei this evening, and hopes are entertained ol completing tho business of the sessicrti this week. In tho Legislative Council tho first business will probably be the consideration of tho public works loposals in committee. In tho Absent- ly the business will be tho thitd lead- ings of the Derwent Maiiufacttiring and Stänley-Balfour Railway bills, afler which tho Croun Lands Bill will bo fur- ther considered in committee. THE MAILS. Tho English îwails which left Tasmania on tho 8th ultimo, per R.M.S. Macedonia, arrived in London on Uao liftornoou ol' tho Sill instant. ADMIRAL HENDERSON'S VISIT. The Premier left lost night fbrctho pur- pose of moetin.T Admiral Henderson on his arrival to-day ut Launceston. The Premier was accompanied by the Govern- ment hydraulic engineer (Mr. Reid Bell), and the services oi Mr. Twelvetrees (the Government Geologist) will also bo made available lo assist Admiral Henderson in his work of reporting on the capabilities of the .various harbours in the Slates for the purposes # of naval bases. Admiral Henderson will go on to Devonport to- morrow, and to Burnie on Thursday. He will return to Launceston on tho Kith inst., and leave for Hobart on tho 10th. Tho details of his visit to tho Southern end of the island havo not yet been finally arranged. THE EXECUTIVE COUNCIL. At a meeting of. the Exeoutivo Council, hold ou Saturday night, tho appointment of Inspector Win, Browne to sueon behalf of indigent persons under / the Public Clmrities Act the relatives liuble to slip port them was approved. Mr. Geo. Bond was appointed clerk and deputy registrar in the Statistician's Office, vice Mr. J. P. Lu.ugh.ton, promoted. .Mr. Bertram H. Dixon was appointed clerk in placo of Mr. Bond. The undermentioned officers have boen appointed inspectors under Hie Stock Aot:-'i'iooper C. J5. Tilyard, Chud- leigh! Trooper W. 8. S. Brown, Glen- orchy; Trooper John Giani, Geeveston; Special Constable T- T. Pulford, Great Lake; nnd Special' Constable. Arthur Swards, Bruni island. Mr.' P. B. Turner, clerk and uccountnllt in the LnndsNlnd Surveys Department, wiis appointed a'col lector of stamp duties, ano MÍBS Naomi ?Smith, sub-matron of the Hobart Gaol, Mr. tf. T. Stubbo, Lefroy,' was appointed a member of the Licensing Bench of George Town; and Trooper Harmon, a bailiff of the Court of General Sessions at Hamil- ton. Police-sergeants Hovey, Pemberton, and Donohue were appointed inspectors under the Licensing Aot. WHAT THEY EAT AND DßINK ON A LINER. When the Aiberdooii liner Norseman, now in Australian waters, left London, she liad on board, 1,015 people, among them a largo number of immigrants; and from some statibllcs furnished it would appear that not many suffered from lack of appetite. They ate 10,000 eggs on tho Voyage, as many as 1,300 being consumed at one meul¡ oight refrigerated truck loads of meut, flvo waggon-loads ol' cal'o bages, five tons of bugur, UC.OOOlb. ot flour, 4,1411b. of butter, and 0,0001b. of jam also disappeared. Enough ginger bcer lo blow tho chip up; (1,000 bottles gurgled down thirsty throats in His tropics. The record tor other beer has been lost. The morning pol ridge accounted for B.OOOlb. ol' outinonl, and liuricot beans reached the samo maik. Green peas and split peas weie disposed ol up to 12,0011 lb.; rice ni'ddings wcro favoured lo the extent of 2,0001b., and 220gnl. ol' pickles and 1,0301b. of salt mo "no more." The total number of immigrants on board the vessel was 895. The number of childien ivàs 240. "TASMANIAN MAIL" CHRISTMAS NUMBER. In addition lo in excellent- collection of Tu'uiiaiii.in scenes and '-tiid'cs fiom real hie-, which form the subjects o( the illimtintioiiB in the C1 i ¡situât number of "T!io Tn«niimiiin Mail," lu lie i-,surd on Thuiidtiy, two special supplements will bo given away. One of tilico te from a .Minting by tho eieit Vtnetiuii pinntei, l'nolo Vérone?,», whoso ohof-d'o'iiv io re- alised a*» 'iiucil al 13,00,1 guineas. A Flench fhlp, departing fiom Hobart, is the subject of tlu» second nipple-nienl, mid both it'sett, ate of a ha ml y size tor framing The usual pi ice of FKIH-UCO will be charged for I he Christmas mim- bi-, and agents aud casual renders are» advised to piuco their orders early. THE MARKET SITE. Tho question of tho market site was ngmn ml-icd at ycsloi day's meeting of the City Council. Alderman Cooper ask- ed if any further information hnd been received in regard to it from the Go- vernment. It lind ¡boon lying thei e for a long time, mid nothing was being done, Tim Mayor (Alderman Arnott) said the latí Mayor had been in commuinonlion with the Premier and the Chief Secre- tary, who were looking into the matter, but had hot como to any definite decision with regard lo the site. Tho Town Clerk lind given tho necessary information n-> to llio history ..of tho sito, and the matter was now in abeyance. - THE MISsINePwARATAH, "A dook chair, bearing'n passenger's name and 'e.s. Warata-h,' was picked up on tho foreshore at 'Coffee Bay ou Thurs- day, November 3. It will bo romemJbored that the Waratah wns estimated to have been, somewhere, off Coffee Bay on the evening of July 27, ION), when she dis- appeared." The above cutting from the "Capo Argus" of November 10 has been forwarded to a Sydney daily from Capo town by Mr. A. Wickson, a former resi- dent of Sydney. Mr. Nickson writes: -"The deck chair was WOBhed ashore some miles norjji of ttio pott of Ea/st Loudon and close lo tha part of the coast whoro the B.s. Waratah was last sighted. I like many othoi« on this side, um of the opinion that the Waratah turned turtle a little south of East London, going down like aSstono, talcing overv'ono and everything with her to tho bottom. It would bo on easy matter lo discover if suda was the case. Soon after her dis- appearance 1 suggested here that a sub mnrlno bo obtained tfroni England to scurch along tho bottom of our const whero the s.S. Waratah was last sighted. Unfortunately, no notice was tukun of tho idea, but I am still of the opinion this course should be tried. This is the first trace, so far, of any wreckage from the Waratah. The llaree-milo Mozam- bique current running dow« our coast -carries all floating objects, clear of our ociltinent, away to the liozen south." I HOBART MARINE BOARD. Tho Malino Board will meei this after- noon, when the following business ii ill havo considerntion Í-Diedging at tho River Kermandie, and rental ot ofnceb on tho wharves¡ mlveiUsing the port. Lighthouse-Entrance Islund light at Macquarie llurboni, nnmp for light ior One-Tree Point, Pivor Huon, and depait menlnl. Special committee (tram meeting ol' Juno 141-Ile pilot service. Clarence Municipal Council- ile decayed apples be- ing thrown intj the Derwent. Harbour- master-Berthing of .auxiliaiy powered vessels; and any other bitsinesb that muy arise. ACCIDENT AT GORDON. A boy named Charles Douglas, 9 years of age, met with a serious accident at Gordon on Sunday (telegraphs our corre- spondent). His elder brother gave him some gunpowder, which he put in a hole in the ground, and then applied a match, with the result that his hand, face, aud leg were badly burnt. FOUND DEADr ?At nJbout 8 o'clook yesleiday morning, Mr. Henry Martin, a married man 00 years of age, of Thornby Estate, Exton, was found dead in his gai den with a gun beside hiln. Only a few minutes beloro lió had given instructions to his stable boy. An inquest is lo be held to-day. The deceased was n bi other of Mr. Wil- liam Martin, solicitor, Launceston. CUSTOMS AND PORT REVENUE. ,Tho collections of Customs and port revenue at the port of Hobart {er the week ended December 10, 1010, ^vere us follow:-Customs, ¿'2,138 10s. 3d.; exciso, ¿C91<1 3s. 7d.; miscellaneous, £2 9s. lid. Total, "£3,055 3s. 9d. Port collections: - Wharfage, .£270 Ms. 10d.; harbour dues, X15 10s. Id.; light dues, M5 18b. 2d.; pilotage, .?-15; miscellaneous, .£38 15s. Total, «C433 14s.\J. Tho Cu.-toms collec- tions at Launceston last week amounted to .£2,168 Is. 3d., us . compared with £1405 3s. 8d, for the coriosponding weeli last year. THE CITY'S HEALTH. At yefterday's meeting of tho Local Authority tho Health Office*.* (Dr, Sprott) reported as follows:-"During tho month Of November theio wore 45 deaths in the registration district of Flo-butt. Of tho above, in Urn city proper, lhere wore 29 deaths, being at the rate, of 10.44 per annum per 1,000 persons living. The princrp&l; causee of death were:-Cero urul hemorrhnge und nephritis, 4 each; caucer and svneopo,'3 each; pneumonia, 2; and the remainder were ot a general character. Ages at death t-Six were under one year of age, 13 between one and 65 years, and ten were 6,"i years and over. Biiths.-The total number of binns legistcrod in the district was IM, viz., 64 mulo9 and 47 females, and in tho city proper 92, viz., 52 males and -10 females. THE FREEZING CHAMBER, At a mooting of the Franklin Fiuit growers' Association on Saturday night, Mr. Cuthbert called attention to the statomont mado tho other day ni the House of Representatives, iii reply to a nucsHoii put by. Mr. Laird Smith, that the reason why wlf-registorihn; thermo- meters ure aot used in tho holds of the English fruit boals is that the Tus maniuu fruil-rr-wors lind themselves ob- jected to their use. Several incmberR urged that.-the matter was worthy of further inquiry, a¡¡ it appeared that soroeouo unauthorised i as plaxing the part ol' spokesman for th<* growers. ADDITIONS TO THE STATISTICIAN'S OFFICE. Tho additions to the acoommodalion at tho Government Statistician's Office, which have been rendered necessary by the incteased work Hie staff is culled upon to jwrforin, arc now complete. A largo outside room, some 60ft. in length and ftbout 20ft. in width, has been construct- ed bohveen the present. Registrar's office and the old strong-room, and tho inter- vening building, which, was a email store- room, has been removed. The now-build- ing is built of timber, but covered on the outsido with stamped metal painted to re- semble ftone work, and is roofed with iron. It is exceptionally well lighted, by means of sido windows and a skylight. The advent of Federntion, and the neces- sity of compiling Commonwealth as well as State, statistics, lins thrown a lot of extra work on to the Statistical Depart- ment, and tho lack of room has in many way« proved a, serious haildicnp. The staff will now ÜB ttble to roclassify all their forms to oouirily with the lecoinmelidn tions Of the conference of statisticians held in 1906, which include the'collection of uniform statistics in all the States in regard to production, public and iirivnlo fin un ce, education, crime and law, public hospitals und charities, railways and tramways, local government, and register- ed industrial and trades ttniohs. In addi- tion, the new building will greatly facili- tate the classification of the material col- lected during the forthcoming Federal census, anti will also greatly help in deal- ing with the statistics of the Stale GATHERING OP DANES AT BISMARCK. The Danish Consul at Hobart re- ceived the following messages on Satur- day in connection with tho gathering of Danes at Bismarck:-Prom the Danish Ciinsiil-Cenernl, Melbourne: - "Pienso convey my very best wishes to Danes lo dn.v, and also to Mr. Macfarlane. I regret I cannot lie willi you." Piom the Consul for Denmark in Sydney:-"Congratula- tions lo you. Kindly convey our ßiiel ings to loyal Danes assemblpcl to honour the late woithv leprosentntivo pf our country. Long live «dd Denmark." TIIPBO mcStMiges did ¡lot reach the Consul nt Ho- bart until Saturday evening, and nero not therefore read to the authoring at Bis- marck. MAJOR-GENERAL ^IRKPATllICK'S Mnjnr-Gencriil Kirkpnlrick, Inspectn*, Gene-.', of the Co*nmo.i»ea]th C°? ivho nrrivr-d in Hobart on Satu-tó iiMhi. is ..ngngr-l upon his first amuiï çifhcml tour or inspection of the dittri/i headquarters in each Stale dnrin"».>..., he will look carefully ,W IlieTlC,^ ol the highe*- bi-ancnes of administrativa wink. Yesterday he ln-p-ctcd the Tas maman district liendquartc-rs ni ,M Arglcea iBarrailts. Mnjor-Oenornl Kirk, patrick, who is acoom] allied hy hi, ilaff officer. Major rnttcif-on, is the guest of His Excellency Uio Governor, ' CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. 'At the meeting of tho H-ociitive Coan. Sil-, held on Saturday night, Wednesday. 28tll inst., wns appointed lo bo observed as a bank holiday throughout the State in addition to the Monday and TiiesdiiT precerbrg it. The- 2Sth inst. will ni«, d observed as a public servico hoI1d.1v io well, as Uii> 20th and 27th. The nnbho service bolidiy which was gazetted fot Saturday, 21th. mst., m.is ordcicd to hu cancelled. ' LEGAL EXAMINATIONS. The linlf-yenrly law examinations willi commence it tho Court-house. MnciiunritC street, tills morning. There aro fou»' malo candidat,-», and, for the first tims in Tasmania, a lady candidate. SUDDEN DEATH AT MARGATE. Trooper Summers telegraphed to Urn burt vestordny thal a mun named Robert) . Woodruff had died suddenly at Mar- gate. The man became suddenly ill whilst picking gooseberries, and after lieV intj given -«me mm by au old resident) went and lny down. Some time later luv Was found dead. Tho mnltcr is bein-} investigated by Trooper Summers. . TASMANIAN PEAS IN SYDNEY. The peas foi warded to Sidney bj «to hist trip of the s s AVcstralia arrived jfc thiii desuñaron in ven poot condibon having "bwented" badly on the p-issare' doubtless is the result of being pic! ed ni ivH wcilhor Tins elreumstnnco proieil unfuvoutub'j lo fho gicrweis whose con slgtiments weio haid to Kell tit low price, As the last shipment of puis lrt tim Paloona wo'o piel ed uidci similar COIKIN (tons t.nd as tho «hipnieut was huco n-i laigo ni tint bj the previous boat, id is not expected tint this neck's maïkcf] «jil bo moio snti«fncloi\\. S\LE Or LISDILLON WOOL CMP The Attstialinn Mortgage Land anil rninifo Co lepoit a iori siuce^fiil lali of the Lisdillon (East Const of Tnsumnn) clip It ts described at one of the finest quality wools offeicd on the Melbourne mail et lins se ison, bung n nell biocl futo quality Bilkv wool, in good condition MI living piont) of clinnclci ilio «eil classed and got up 'lho suppi Menno w other fleece w ool was pisstd in is not bringing up tho lese ie Hie fiist 11 coiíbiit^ íealisod 14'il the Menno fleece Hool ihfcl combing L and thud Alf1. bioughl lUl, fust pieces Hil M>cuuii puces ''d , bel'ies Old , ciossLicd 12Jtl. BANK HOLIDUS Tho Innks tlnoiii/ioiif Tismaiim will bo closed lol tho Clnistmns holtdiis from Monthly, 26th inst, to Uoilnesdii Ätli Hist, ineluslio, and ulso on Monda), Jnnunrj 1. ArsENCE or porvio DISUSFS The Director of Agiicullttro ltifottiis ui Unit, although tho se ison has been mi ex coplionnlly good one toi tin giowtli of all loin«, of plart lite tho potato crops ie coi ding lo the îepoitb ho lias rcconwl fiom his inspectais, ¡no not thowing any signs of fungus doubles Hie lush ulijhtr his not yet made iib appeiianci ni mr of tho pótalo ciops gunin in commercial ¡iiens though sigiib oi it line been oo seriell in pmnle gnrdens it is prohibió thpittoto that the sihteinitic spmfnj» and other precautions that baie beta taken against the dirciso hnie siiifcodcd ni stamping it out llmost entiieli in areas whore potatoes nie gioiin foi profit Tho selection of clean seed potatoes, with (ho rejection of nnj that show Hie slightesb cnuso for suspicion, is well as the litngi cidal tioalmcnl ot those that ire planted. lHU6t do j giotit dell toffaids getting nil of tho diseiee The Directoi htutes Hut Foruo of the shipments fiom tin Noilli West Coast ln«t -week were foltnd to bo nlisolt I el j sound Where (lie disease Ins bien found in pin ile ¿aidcns tho infected plants have boen destioyed 1'lie Govern mont Lnfomologist (Mr I ea) is at proent on the N nth-West Co ist, gum,; demon stinttoîis in the ticjtmcnt of fungus dis- eases by menus of spinning THE CENSUS. The Commonwealth Bureau of Censm and Statistics in Melbourne is the sceuo. of considerable activity. PicpnmtioM' for the fortiieomin-r (etisus aro bei-ti pushed on npaco. wlüle the usual, official' publicitio,vs, including No. T\ . íssiio ob the oiricial "Year Book, ato vieil a hand. In connection with the len" Book." the Statistician (Mr. 0. «i Knibbs) îcmarks that, in addition to II« usual chapters, No. IV. iiw, which wilL appear in n couple of months, orjhmJ abonts, will couta n very 1-'<?mPl*.'"1 formation in Tcgnid lo tho lnkct* AB« trnlin. This is in nccoi dance with ti» Statistician's plan of including in well "Year Book" a detailed account of wow «mpcinl geographical frature. Tins, M. I? «?Year Book" contained a sect on W ing with littoral fcatuies of tho Lorn' miwcaltb. No. II. dealt wiU. ils Mr* logy and river Systems, No. HI. *rtb >» orography and mountain, syslems, nnrt.»^ noted nbove, No.. IV. 11111 vlcal with tt» lakes of the territory. The inelnsinn oí | this exhaustive statement yarding Ho lake-! was rendered possible !>*. lue *"£ cordial cooperation of .}««? J»*^ taries or ohief surveyors of the .Lauft '.," rTartments in each Slate, similar -infor. matten not being avnUablo iii any pnnt, ed dooument PLEURO-PNEUMONIA- . . A serious outbreak of. ploaro-pnmiimotiî* , has occurred in stock ni the Alburj dis- trict (savs the "Australasian ). A°0P « the Wd of September, 2,000 ^« .£?«*? , from Queensland crossed over into Noir , SouUi Wales at Bm-rincun.. They tra veiled by road for obout nine daw, to ( Bourkc/whero they wore trucked in H£ cinl trains to Albury. Owing to hoi £ gulations they could not crossitnto » feria, and on October 20 they T» °5«; ed by auction at the Albury *%u\£¿g» thousand of them were sold toWT in tho district, 300 went J? Deniliquin. 200 to Euston, and 250 to .&..««. J JJ 1,000 that remained hero were <hstr 1n tw amongst Ave diffeient holders vu thin our - teen miles of Albury. In two cf tho larg est lol« boro pleuro-pncumon.ahasi brokM out badly, and word has been received, from-Deniiiquiu that an outbreak ka» »is* occurred there. No information is to hand from Euston or Echuca. 