VICTORIAN IMMIGRATION , SUCCESS OF THE DELEGATION,. LONDON, Sept. 1. nr;r-nriiin residents in London entertained JU,s M'Koiwio an-l Mead, the Victorian immigration Delegation, at a banquet at ^Viscount Goschen presided, 150 leading nfliciiiis commercial men, financiers, and Merchants being present, including Sir rles Lucas, Assistant Under-Secretary mmninions Department) of the Colonial n,iL ' Mr. 'Robert Bcid ; Sin J. W. Tavernur, ^ 'cnt-Gencrtii for Victoria ; Sir T. Bi'lbie j!ol)inuoa, 'A ffcnt-Gf oneral for Queensland ; Liitii ' Australia ;i 'Dr. M'Call, Agent-General hip Tasmania ; Mr. R. 0. Hare, of tlie Western Australian agency ; Mr. T. J. jjusscll, Mr. Nivison, and Sir John Cock ^Loi'd Goschen said that Great Britain welcomed tho delegation, and did not rrudKO any immigrants which Victoria might obtain, since they would foster the Imperial spirit aim on g all classes in Aus tralia. Sir John Cockburn, in proposing the toast of 'Our Guests,' said that they were ;,nirac«l in an Imperial mission, solving the adjustment of the population of thti Empire. Mr M'Eenzie, in reply, said that tho „rcss the people, aivl tho authorities of rroat Britain had welcomed them most Onerously. He was not suggesting that Victoria was robbing Great Britain of i'ae flower of 'her (manhood, but the fact was that Great Britain imported 60 per cent of her foodstuffs, of which Australia gent' 3 per cent. That alone justified, tlio delation. . Mi- Mead said that Victoria would be satisfied ?with the number of high charac tered thrifty,' and energetic agriculturists which she had secured. He emphasised tho importance of fostering small holdings, and in this connection he instanced the largo n'fld of crops of lucerne, tlie grower, of which in Australia tojday would be the banker of Australia in the next generation, The dairymen selected by the delegation would soon make .Victorian butter as w'ell kn«wn as Danish butter by enabling Aus tralia to supply Great Britain throughout the year. Sir J. W. Taverner, Agent-General for 'Australia, insisted on the absence of rivalry between the! Australian States and other oversea Dominions in immigration 11 Mr^3 Chart eton, Vice-president of the 'Chamber of Commerce, Sir John Bingham, of Sheffield, and Mr. J. M. Pratt also 