GENERAL news. k - . f„rm 0f tho year on Monday it the first 'I?' 'j,,.. Cullcti, will preside. \- .rto Clncf JH' ? ? u 0f tho Dominion Tho tot. 1MS-0 was 8,772,790 x ? ? ♦„ Cs°e'vic'sy of taxi-cabs for the fustralian capitals^ ,orts tilnt several t Tho D.r«t sto r rf ^°«ut work in conse & ijiou ant's »ro strik0. fe'flueiice ot hones to present grand ||| Madame ; 0I1 the ' scale of the great W* houi' of tho world. ^ . bS?i)er' „ . , |,„c arranged to address a num fo-rhe Prem'®' ' jn tho principal towns along §{f 'th conft during tho month.- , itj0 'ort rmtliering of parents and scholars P-U'jnmos' Hall, tho Archbishop . of Sydney WnSt; stat0 school system. p! gls^ 'inquest oil the body of William pi At the 110 uj drowned in tho Gwydi r i#0r'i^nrv 6 a verdict of accidental death paii I'M™1'-', ' Government has discontinued for the P&Tho; Gou ;ts ;mportG(i coal- to private firP|esel Tlio whole of the State imporfcn Know to hand, comprising six cargoes, IvH w-her abortive meeting of the Brisbane fr 't,Alin '„ rnuncii was held on Wednesday, on tel S ion of tho election of Mayor, The K adjourned until Monday. ^ rfTnplensclimidt has issued a challenge tn 1Kb ^ \ Now Zealand wrestler, to wrestle in „rcatch-can stvle for the champion world and £50 a side at Wellington U on Wednesday next. Tl,n Water Board declares that Loddon LtAii t',rou'li tourists, are a danger to the Scv flater supply. The catchment area; it ii'.f/' ,] is being polluted, and representations to 'bo made to the Government; P'«Thn Court of Afarine Inquiry on .Wednesday f'' ; nnnceriiiiiK the stranding of the steamer §®®.n nn December 19. Tho Court found that t brought about by the fju.lt |4ftiio master, and called upon him to show I 'tIw prison population is lower than for many & rlars Cost of upkeep is practically as low as nrpvious year. Twenty years ago tlio i g 1 population numbered . 2360. ' To-day the of people in gaol is only 1430.; ^ A iAIr r(Uvard Reeves was thrown* from his ^'hbrse'at Mitchell Island, in the Taree district, ? an Tue'dav night, through' the girth breaking; Id died 'while being taken to the Manning n, strict Hospital. He was a widower and about 50 years of age. . ?The death is announced of Mr. H- E. King, \- ? 4An Omvii Prosecutor of Queensland District 1 fLrt- iv !)o resignod recently in consequenco *' nf ill health Ho was a member of the.Legis utuf \«emb!y of Queensland for, many years, Mnnster for AVorks from 1874 to 1876, and subsequently Speaker. \ nnn named Walter Holloway was token to 'Wee AYaa hospital from Burrein Junction, suffering from phospliorus burns. It ap- . per, that ho was pouring the poison out ot , a drum to poison rabbits ; with when _ it ex- K ploded, blowing off his hat, and burning his ^rri-»lit leg and arm. llio number of persons drawing pensions in OiiLensliwl under the Commonwealth Old Age Pensions Act has risen from 6538 to 8003 dur- ing the seven months that the Federal Gov- ernment have liad control of the pensions ad nimisfniinn- The disbursements under this '-fed in Queensland have thus reached about £'£200.000. During i picnic and distribution of prizes m connection with the Wolumla Public school, Klj'eld in Bryant Park, one of the children, Jack S-Jreston, aged 9 years, had a pocket-knife I'Slade embedded in his leg, just below the Pineecap. Tlio blade broke off, and remained ftli tho leg. First aid was given on the tjjrouml, and the child driven to Bega for medi- mi attendance. S The Danish and Swedish ^consuls, stated yes- Iferdfly that neither ' Denmark nor Sweden gcould spare agricultural immigrants, ./rheyyle plarel that farm labourers wero better looked Sfjffer in Denmark and bweaen, ana en.ioyen beautifully cooked food. Tho Premier ? was ^surprised at Count Morner's cable, which lie llays is incorrect so far as State-aided lmmi- ^grants are concerned. ^ The Bev Mr. Walker, secretary of tho New ?3£eatal Mlianco, has worked out the drink fttill for tho Dominion for last year. It am r dunt to £3,628,137, or £3 10s 0}d per head of ' . tV.o populations, being a decrease ot . £123,831 ipon tho previous year, notwithstanding an increise in population of 26,780. It is con- sidered that tlio increase in no-license areas and the diminished spending power ot the ? ? people both contribute to tho decrease. Markk Barnett, a grocer, ot Summer-street, Sydnev- was proceeded against at the Central Summons Court, Sydney, on tin allegation of selling, at 370 Sussex-street, a quantity of had condensed milk. The evidence was that Inspec for hencli took samples of the milk from a large quantity and sent them to Mr. Hamlet, ? .'Government Analyst, who, upon examination, determined the milk damaged and detenorat . . td. and unfit for human consumption. A ; -fine of £20 was inflicted. . .» The Butchers' Wages Boavd. presided over bv Mr. George Walker, concluded a two davs' ?-(inquiry in Armiilale on Tuesdav night. Tho Business of the hoard was to consider- an appli t ?/cation by the Federated Butchers' Union to iapply the award now in force in Newcastle to i.|all the North and North-Western towns from 'Aberdeen to Tenterfield. After evidence had been taken the hoard adjourned. Tho committee ito deal with the employment of boys and slow workers and the lodging of employees is to be i considered by the master butchers. The names 'of those appointed to the committee will be !wnf on for the approval of the board. Mr. J. if Bell, Armidale, will be the masters' repre- s6™tative, and Mr. J. B. Fitzgerald will prob- Cecil _ Hercules Percy Wright, n young man, pleaded not. guilty at the Darlinghurst, Quarter Lessions to a charge of having- stolen three (sovereigns belonging to tho Bailway Comrriis isioners. The accused was employed in the bonking office at the Central Railway Station. and it was alleged that on December 17 he took three sovereigns from the cash of Mr. Uavis the hooking clerk, and replaced them ™ -bree gold-painted shillings. The accused gate evidence that he took the sovereigns as stated by way of a joke, but when the disco very wns made he was afraid +n speak. Sub sequently lie admitted that he had substituted ™ gmWed coins without any fraudulent in I mi I 10 j ' '''V returned -a verdict of not w ? i »i ? ? f°''eman rem'arked that, 'rights indiscretion was deserving of severe censure. After running for weight consecutive even- wgs, the Hair in iiid of. . tho new R.C. ?Cathedral at Ahnidale; was brouirht to a conclusion oji Tuesday liijshfc. . The efforts put forward met with a ..Highly gratifying result, and when accounts fire Jinnlly ad- justed, tho nett proceeds are estimat'! to total (approximately £1000. Most of the valuable prizes which were disposed of, wore ton by local residents. 'A! magnificent bed spread, for which there were 1.911 claim ants, is yet to lie disposed of. !At llilchengowrie on Wednesday a muster |of 800 cattio, straiwlecl by' tlio recent Woods, took place, the rendiwous neing Clencoe. iVliont 40' rep-5 sv«re present, sonio coming froni as far as Bectivrt. Over 610 beasts wero claimed. One mam got 357 bullocks out' of a total of 437 lest, taliilc another owner recovered 200 out of 250\. Proceedings were 08 a friendly chH me- ter througJiout'. 'Plie remainder ot Ithe bul- locks avo to lie impoundotl, which is the only course available. - ?Four cattle belong ing to Mr. W. n. Newnhanv. six lielonging to Milchengowrie, and fiv'Q belonging to Mr. j'. F. O'rover. wore foiinrt alivo after the flood about 20 miles below Nmrrabri. Seven cattio from iBec'tive turned up between Bog- GJiiri. «v4, :.v ?' ' -? ; ???'? A telegram has been received ty the Vic- torian ?Mines Dopartment, .gtating that, ano- tjher seam of splendid coal aft. Sin ' wide, lvad! 'been struck by thcf drill at Kiivuk, near the State coal mine. . 'i The theory is advanced that the .several railway accidents which occurred on the mountains recently were due- to the..eurth under the lines being -loosened -'-by the heavy rains. Benjamin- Hutchinson, who on ' Monday ^sustained a fractured skull through - lieine struck by a man 'while trying to stop a fight m South Melbourne, died in the Mel- bourne Hos[)ital on .Wednesday evening. Robert : AVarnock, a- blacksmith;-'.'-, lias been arrestedi - in connection. with tho matter and charged '\vithv inniotinc grevaouss bodily harm on Hiutchinson Nui.iorous coniidamts- liavc been made ro ; gardiug the . laziness of telegraph messengers; particularly. '.ui'4 .-??Sydney.-!. .These 7 . have beem -'bronRht-'.:n nder. ?/ the :--notice'-oh-.'the Postmaster- General, v, 'ho has i-econfiirtended'' that -provision shall 'he made , on the- ;next -Estimates ;foi'-the appointment ', of two postal, assistants- m? Mel bourne and Sydney -to -patrol the streets an if. ? keep the: telegraph messengers binder observa tion. An inquest was held at LawJers,' W.A.','.:oii. the body of a. native woman nMned Annie. The jury returned: .fl. verdict ..that- deceased met. Jier death thjougli a bullet wound accidentally in flicted' by the - police, hut there was not sulh cient evidence to show who fired the fatal shot, The ]iny added' a rider that:. they considered reaspnable precaution had ? been exorcised ; by tho police in the matter. The' woman was shot i through the head while the police wore round ring up and arresting some -natives for theft. A) report, lrom the State L/abour Buivaii foi. last : mont'h sho ws th.it ta'.iour- conJi tions in . the country -were '-generally ? satis- ? facial ,v , l.ilt '.'there -were some ^thousands- ? un onip.lo.yed m tlio city. In the factory trades over 2500 men-ivore 'wor.klcss, and :t- brisk ina^ei-.s, carters, an-y layers were nearly all woikers were 'Without emplovmcnt. .The re Poi t adds that Ticarlv everv .imlustrv has Ijooi^ cinpplcdi: or injured ; owing to thu -«ant of coal. Thoio is hardly a union that has not idle members. . A meleo is .reported: to - have taken' place thi-eii miles froin Raleigh, - in which , a man named Bob Wilson - :WaSi- severely: iniured. It appears that Wilsoii and two-other timber- gettei's had been drinking. A squabble cropped im, in which axes and other weapons wero freely used. . Wilson received, a blow on tho head from a heavy piece ~of a- brokon sugar basin, and was afterwards roughly deah with by bottles. He was found m an-unconscious condition, and conveyed to .Raleiglr, -and later admitted to -ofillitiiron Hospital. v*:The police were inioriuod of the- occurrence, ^and made an arrest in the eyen'ug. , The-i. victim is ;l-adlv cut and bruised about, the head,:, but'recovery -is -expected. . .Burglars entered - -/; the -Alborton 1 stiition, or- the Fort Adelaide railway.,. lmei-vearly on ?Wedm?sdav- inornmg:; .v U?hev . 1'lom- open the safe, and abstracted - v£2:vl2s;: ' :IjOtur an at- ten-nt \vas made to: secure move'-!, plunder n)t Woodvil-le .station, - on. the same line, out Constable Bond happened to be within the station, when a- man was about to ,enter by the oflice window. He. .jumped to the ground, and the constable,.sfired ;bis rnvol- ver. The bullet, vjudgmg by; ? the-. ? Blood- stains lound, did some . damago to the -thiei. who, however, . got', away .n.r this, dark- ness. Mr. Deakin, the Prime Minister, lclerring to the comments of ' Mr. , -Wade, ^ the - Pre- niier or New- ? South Wales, on Jus s-necch, slaid in it 'he had made specific reference to the necessity for the appointment ot a Royal- -Commission to deal with this «ruestion of . 'State) debts arid . the future borrowing. Any agreement to be binding must be ac- cepted by all the parties concerned. As re- gards tiit efficiency ol' the Interstate Com- mission on industrial .matters, it would be supplemented by other functions, which need not* d-e now raised to complicate the issue. Some excitement was caused at liar graves during a performance l.y Asht.on's Circus Company. Cries were heard inside the tent of 'Dad ! Quick, quick . ! .Tim's down a hole.'' It transpired that one of iMr. Asliton's children had fallen down a disused digger's hole, which luckily had heconio almost lilldd up. A pony had strayed away, and two cnuciren, a .py a girl went after it. Tho Pony was caught, but shortly afterwards their lamp wad. blown out. The ground contained1, hun- dreds of disused ? hofes, and as the mgnt was i/uite dark the bov fell into one, and was gradually sinking in the silt when his sister, raising an alarm went to his aul and !-y lyimr flat on the ground s'lpported him until help camo when he was lescutd frouj his perilous position. A meeting of city and country Orange lodges vigorously dofended the State school system. Mr. It. Dalrymple Hay has been ajipointod to tho position of Director of Forestry under tho new Act. Tho writs for tho Federal election aro to be issued oil February 28. Polling day will be on April 13. Mr. Ross (Agricultural Department) stated a t West Wyalong that chemical analysis of soil was apt to bo misleading. Half tho business houses of Clonourry (Q.) havo been destroyed by fire. Rough estimates place the damago at £15,000. Lotters receivod from London state that numbers of young Australians are stranded in British and Continental seaports. Mr. I'erry will ofTer no objection to a Fede ral Agricultural Bureau so long as it does not interforo with his dopartment. The Western Australian Premier declares tnat nis otato nas much to tlianlc .\lr. wade for -respecting tho financial agreement. Aldormun Tlios. Hastings (Leichhardt) yes terday sued tho Mayor of Loichliardt, for £400 for ejection From the council-chambers. Judge Backhouse hold that, technically, tho Mayor was wrong. Verdict for plaintiff, with dam ages, -ls ; no costs. liubusiolli, an.IlaiiHii, was executed on Wednesday at Fiemantle, for the murder of a compatriot named Forsatti. The condemned man made no statement or confession, but stated on Tuesday he acted in self- defence. ' Tho Victorian Mines Depurtar.;'.it has is siwd regulations for the coalminers' accident rulief fumd. They are similar to | tho provisions in force in the Newcastle district. . ^ Valuable data is being collected -it Coff's Harbour, an-der tfes auspices of theUailway League in support of the -caso for tne Do vtfigo line,, 'v, a Bonvillp.' 'Codar-gctters ivnd other bushmen regard the route as easily practicable., It is : thought that on the average a grade ? of Iv in 'i3 can be' obtained, as against : 1 in .JO via Olen reagh. The ilatn, 'Will 'bo ? submitted to the Public Works' Committee: next nveek. The P'erth City Council, at the Health Oflicor's suggiestion, has resolved to ioiport from the Harbadoes a number of small fish w'hich foed' on ^nosjquito larvae and are alleg ed to have cleared ,tlio Barbadoes o'i jnus ciuitoes. Perth residents are also urged to combat the .'mosguito ' by pourinc kerosene on all staignaht pools. Lord '-.Chelmsford, at the _ annual meeting of subscribers to Sydney; Hosjiital, referred to tho question of finances. _ Tiie Governor said that tho sooner the. committees of the big hospitals met to devise meanB the better. 'Better,' lie added, 'to take it in hand without delay, than evade tho question until panic legisla tion has to ;be''resqrted to.' Tiie date fixed for Hie taking of the next Australian censuses April 2, 19X1. The aim oi .1,110 uuiiimonweaim csiatisi is to ma«e the counting . of iAustralia's population synchroniise ' with the census of the British Isles next) year. Mr. ICnibbs had a cdnfer onxie with- the Minister of Home Affairs ' on Tuesday, and as;aJ result the date, mention ed was decided on.. m A young child of Mr; George Poig«nnds ivas eating some bread, outside its home at Cowra, when the . mother, ort coming out of the. door-, was' horrified, to see a brown BiWiku- eating the .bread from the child' s hand. The reptile immediately decamped on :th» mother's appearan»e, leaving the child unharmed. Troulbtp has arisen in tho .'Anglican Church choir ia Ballarat, and several ol the m.eiu bers have gone on strike. ? Ab a recent re hearsal ..rbhe. organist , was playing a hymn ut a different tempo' to that beaten by the conductor,-., .and an argument ? took ylace, and tlungs waxed somewhat warm. The clergyman. -arrivcd ion : thu .scene; and en deavourcd. to settle matters,- liut the choir ?u»aster withdrew, 'the ^singers/ . all of whom with 'the:., exception'; oB'-fouradecidod' to' sup port'? ham an -.. his; action . vinv, con tending ? that .'he: wasythe .- general musical.' director, and that the nimister of the -ohuroli had no right .to ? .anterfere.-^rhe' organist enlisted the services --of -other'Tivocalists, (-with the result ?thilt 'the'. musical --?? portion 7 of - -.the - harvest thanksgiving ? services - was Learned out on Sunday last- as arranged.- ? ': ? . - i\l. rVVatt, the Victorian Treasurer, replying to a deputation of the board of dirjoto-.s of the Australian Natives'- , Association, agreed tha t the present landi tax .. was unluir. , The Uovernment ? intended: to again try. and sub stitute anothci 101 it The, Legislative ? Council would also be: asked to allow the ?G--vernor-in-Council to compulsonly resume land for closer settlement. He hoped tbe association- would assist in fni'b.vMiig the I'nuuigration' policy. The deputation also . waited on the Premier, and urged the aboli tion of State 'Governors, -itiu prefoi-oace for Austral ian;goods m State departments. ' he Premier said He -would refer the first Ques tion to' the Cabinet, as it was a wry seri ous one.- He was a great State bon e ruler- He pointed out that as far u-. pos sible preierence .was already given b-' the Stote to goods of 'Austa-alian manufacture. Title State Executive Council! has coniirm od the loll owni^;. appointments . — Dr. L/lous tor-, acting-piodiical' olhcer, Pannbula , the lltevi. iGj. 'D- Hlitder, Church oi! England, chaplain to the hospital ior insane, Moris sot ; Ol B. Suttie, returning officer for the electorate of the ;Giwydiir ;? J. E. Morris, shipiji'ng 'inspector, 'Department of- Naviga tion ? A. W. Brit'ton, as acting secretary, Departlment' of Navigation ; R. P. Seliors, actuary secretary tot the Public Service Boai'd during the absence of Mr. Furber ; C. E. Finch, chairman of the Cooma Land Hoard; W. J. Hawthorne, momber of the G'rafton Land Board ; E. 'A. Bronsdon, menitlwr 'and' acting chairman of tho Mait land Land Board j J. Orw.in, architectural draughtsman^,. 'Dppartanont (Public Works ; It. U. Hay, director of forests ; . C. Wilshire «nKl W'. Pi Pone, inspectors ' Forestry De partment. . . 'Ernest -Allen Byan, alias Jeffries, alias JEoran, . alias Thomas, alias Johnston, 21. oft -lim hig-h, of| stronig build, brown- hair, brown eyes, and with the bust of a woman tatoood on his forearm, is bc'uiu; search for by tho police throughout the Comimonlwealth. Ho is described ty the police as a clever and dangerous expert safe- breaker,- who lias been convicted at Broken 'Hill and Sydiney. and also i.h- West Australia. Ryan was boing taken from the' -Adelaide tGaol to Gladstone 'South Australia), and was handcuffed, and in the custody of Warder llowett. When tlje tra®n was between Hoyloton and ICybunga he julmped liro'nii 'the carriaige, although tho train was travelling' at a hinh rate of silieed, and [made good his escape. He has not since boon heard of. The doma/ncl by the dairy farmers of New ISloirtjh 'Wales for tlio use of the.Governmfm.1i 'Guernsey bulls is so great that Mr. Perry, the Minister o'i' Agriculture, has decided to give this farmerfl further assistance in this ?'decided to import three 01 i four more Guerin soys, of strains distinct from those which 1|he„ depairtimclnt lias art' the present tinie^JMr.. Perry considers that this would be a 'fav ourable opportunity for farmers, either in dependently o-r in co-ooeration, to .have bulls brougiht frorni England1 on their own account. Tho whole could 0-k; purchased v-y the one alwont, land: brought to New South ; Wales in the ryno' shin. and under the one care, thus reducing the expenditure Con siderably. ?Any falrmers who contemplate availing themselves of this o'or-ortunitv of importing cattle of anv dairying breed : should communicate -with tho Pepartmient of 'Aferiailturo, as soon as possible^ and I sulsnit their vievrs aiwl requirements to the Voder-'Stfcretarj'. Tlio gold yield of Queensland for tho month January was 2!), 812 ounces, an incroaso of 0o2G ounces, compared with tho return for January of last year. The Now South Wales Flood Relief Fund now amounts to £35)60. Among the sums re cently received was £50 from Mr. Hugh Dixon, Mr. Murray, the Victorian Premier, per son-ally lavours the State contributing 10 wards the fund for sending Beaurepalre, the cliampim, swimmer, to the old world, as a wi; ?'U n 'dvertirement for Australia and 'ill Mibmil the. question to the Cal inet. Thomas William Jarrett was committed for trial at tlio Adelaido Polico Court on a charge ol having while secretary to the Sons of Tem periuico Lodge, of South Australia, Norwood division, fraudulently converted to his own use tho sum of £0672. The Parkos Farmers and Settlers' Associa tion is asking the Pastures Protection Boards to omit phosphorus poisoning in anv form from the list of recognised agents in ralibit destruc tion during the summer months, owing to the danger of bush fires arising from the careless use ot tho poison. ! ' 'iV°- rG^llri1 furnished by tho TJndor-secretarv I ot Mines shows that tho gold yield recorded i oi'coillls ®tat° f°r tlio month of January is 7\. ' ounces crude, equal to 18,319 ounces noo'o- ' at C77'812. as compared with J.'',ooo ounces crude, equal to 16,739 ounces Vnnn ?'* ,'1' 'r ' roi tno samo month in lJUa, thus showing an incroaso of 1580 ounces fino and £6710 in value. While two employees c*f, the Melbourne Comicil's electric lighting: works, t.amed Al bert McCoy, and Alexander Thompson, were altering tho position of a ;ind at Carlton, McCoy became entangled in the wi.r-js. He u as released by the wires being chopped down, but was then dead. I-Ic w&3 only 28 years of age, and married. sergoant Woods was on duty at tho Qui polly ball, - Quirindi, and when about i to come homo met with a' nasty accident. He was getting on a horse when the animal gave a plunge. The sergeant fell' back wards, and struck his back, neck, and shoulders on the ground. He has been confined to iiiis rootnii ever since. A sculptor friend showed me the other day (says Sir Melville Beachcroft, chairman 01 the London County Council),. a marble bust of tho King, and asked what struck mo most in the w'o'.'k. My reply was, 'The extraordinary effect 0t' tho King's oye.' You are quite right,' said the sculptor, 'I never saw an eyo so full of sympathy^. Jt is that, which makes his groat charm.' ' 'An unusual divorce case camo before Mr. Justice Hodges, in Melbourne, when a man ? named Von Gelder, ff3 years of a're, form erly a shipwright, but late a market gar ! doner, sought a divorce from h!s wife, 'Ro sina, aged 70, on the ground of desertion. They had lived together for nearly half a century, and had two' . married daughters, but finally the wife left her husband though Hhe had a good home, and refused to re turn. A decree nisi was granted. The coolness of an enthusiastic fisherman dui ing the fire which destroyed the pier pavi Jion at Great Yarmouth (England) 011 Decem ber 21 is described by a correspondent of a newspaper: — 'An elderly man,' he writes, went 011 to the pier to fish at 7.30 a.m. The n re broke out in the pavilion close to him at 9\. He fished till the heat blistered the rail in front of him. Then he calmly gathered toge ther Ins belongings and went below to the pjer head. He continued fishing till it was con S'dered dangerous, and the lifeboat came out to take him and some others off. He then re luctantly packed up his implements, but seeing the flames subsiding, he decided to stay and went on fishing till 7 a.m.' ' ' 1 %p?rt? stations to the north of Yam ua ((J.) give the news that the rainfall was very heavy all along the coast, averaging over 12m r,f„ au U11'scl'a-y uvening -'id Monday morn lnK,' A' the creeks were bankers. The Torilla and lilpa mail coach which was due on Tues day afternoon did not reach Rockhanipton till o p.m. oij. Thursday. Herbert's Creek liav mg been un-.cnssable. The Torilla Plains wore flooded, an^vv large numbers of snakes and other vermin dislodged from their holes. A cpn'esponden^^nientins that no less than 285 Quakes were itillec! by three people within a distance of about a couple of miles. 