WHY CANADA KEEDS. " ROW SETTLERS ARE ATTRACTED INTERESTING POINTS FOR AUSTRALIA I l f '"When tho Canadian Government had laid out, surveyed, and divided tho land It >vas proposed to offer to immigrants— work .which was done mostly, through the agency ot colonisation companies— and had made sure that all the land to be settled was liandy to railway communication, an or ganisation was developed for securing , settlers. These arrangements were gradually evolved from the central office at Ottawu until they embraced agencies all tlvar. Europe and the United States. The work llono by the immigration branch is now of the most comprehensive character. In 1908, for instance, no fewer than 430,336 requests tor Information wero received at the head Immigration bureau, and tho total number of pamphlets sent out reached tne extraordinary total of 3,307,747. Tills literature consisted of loanets, acts, hand- books, maps, atlases una newspapers printed In English, French, Swedish, Ger man, Norwegian, Dutch, Flemish, Finnish, Danish, and Hungarlun. Five officers are employed In the ueportation of undcslrablo immigrants, and the thoroughness of the supervision is shown in the tact that dur ing six years 16.41S persons were detained for various reasons, find 3394 were actually debarred from admission. Employment agents 'engaged on commission found work during 1908 lor 7000 farm hands In tho pro vinces of Ontario and Quebec alone. The head office for Europe Is at Charing Cross, London, and is uulto a sopa- rate establishment from the ollide of tlio High Commissioner, in Victoria- street, though subordinate, of course, to Lord Strathcona. In addition to the London su perintendent and staff of the Government lias representatives in Liverpool, Birmingham, York, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Belfast, Exeter, Dublin, Paris, and Antwerp. Not content with the operations of tho resident stutf, tho 'Ministry In 1908 appointed no fowler than 38 special delegates to visit the United Kingdom for tho purpose of promoting immigration. The permanent officers in Europe are kept in constant toucli with Canadian conditions, nnd thttre are frequent exchanges between the Btaff in Europe and that of Canada. For instance, the Assistant- Superintendent of Emigration in London exchanged posts in 1903 with the Commissioner of Immigra tion at Winnipeg. «.« It is stated in the Canadian blue book on Immigration that during 1908 official action had been carefully confined to tine encour agement of "agricultural emigrants," that Is to say, of those persons possessing a knowledge of farm life, and those Intend ing to embark in agriculture on arrival In Canada.; of railway navvies and domestic servants. A report from tho assistant superintendent in London apporves of the ipolicy Inaugurated by the Minister of tho Interior, by which all offices of tho agents wore brought into better prominence by the removal from obscure situations to positions on the ground floor of important business thoroughfares. The wisdom ot this action has been abundantly proved from the increased number of callers malt ing personal Inquiries, and the attractive displays from time to time furnished by the department. These being shown to advantage, had undoubtedly laid the founda- datlon for still further inquiries concerning .-annua, not only in tne neia ot immigration, tout along the line of commercial enter prises among those who might be seeking opportunity for Investment. Advertise ments drawing attention to tho resources of Canada wero inserted in newspapers throughout Great Britain. . A motor-car toured the Midland counties and attended the Royal Agricultural Show. In addition .-- three caravans supplied by the department .were placed on the road— ono in North (Wales, one in the north of Ireland, and tlpe In the Highlands. Great assistance was given to tlie propaganda by the visit to England of persons who emigrated to Canada years ago, and, having attained a fair amount of success, take a holiday in the old land. All these people become Volunteer lecturers and emigration agents Sor Canada. Shipping agents throughout the United Kingdom get a bonus of £1 per Ihead for agricultural laborers, domestic ser vants, and railway nnvvles. Letters from successful settlers are exhibited In the agency windows, and the atlases and geo graphies published by the department are In -universal demand, being distributed usually amongst tlie schools, when special application Is made by the scholars. Spe cial wall maps for exhibition In schools are also a feature of tlie work. e Agents attend the weekly markets and country fairs for tlie purpose of distribut ing literature and giving Information, and stands containing samples of all kinds ot Canadian produce are set up at tlie agri cultural shows. Recently tlie activities of the department have neached out to the smaller country villages by means of corre- 1 spondents, advertisements, lecturers, and visits from tho motor-cars and exhibition waggons. "The policy," says tho report, "of sending farmer delegates who have -been more or less successful in their opera tions in Canada to give lectures and verbal Information to r'-rsons contemplat ing emigrating has been continued, with marked success. All tlio provinces of the . Dominion -have been represented bv tho 2S delegates sent to tho United kingdom and parts of the Continent. Nothing can exceed the value of the experience related toy those men to people of their own class In person, and obviously thoy aro able to answer many practical questions which only those engaged ror years In up-to-datn agricultural methods can possibly explain." It is stated that between 35,000 and 40,000 persons visited the London office during \- 1908 to make personal Inqnlry, and nearly , three-quarters of a million stopped to in spect the window display. Testimony is Iiorne by the assistant superintendent to tho. excellent results obtained through tho employment agency In Canada (referred to above). This had been of great assist ance to ngents booking passengers, for it had enabled them in many cases/ to direct their passengers to acual employment, be yond the port of landing. _ .»> published by the Canadian ' Go vernment from Its agents in the large cities of England, Ireland, and Scotland show the remarkable ramification's of 'the; Immigration work, and how constantly and completely the story of Canada is kept be fore tho public. In fact, If an English or Scotch artisan or farmer is thinking of emigrating his thought naturally files to Canada, for the possibilities of Canada are always before his. mind. It is stated by the Aberdeen agent that Canada had so drain ed the Hlgitnds of farm laboiiers that tho local farmer was. protesting strongly against Canadian activity in tho emigra tion field. Good reports come from Ire land, where a perambulating exhibit was used, and it was stated by the shipping agents that the second cabin accommoda tion was more in demand than tho third, showing the respectable class from which the emigrants wore recruited. # Canada, having a large French . popula tion, receives a considerable number of emigrants front France. Tho Paris agency reported the receipt of 10,009 letters during 1908, in addition to thousands of personal inquiries. French farmers from Canada had addressed Tnnetlmrs in mnnv rtf Ihn /Innn ef. tncnts, and literature had been distributed broadcast. The Government had three agents working permanently . In thie country, Reports from Belgium and Hol land spoke of equal activity, excellent work among the schools In the teaching of Can adian geography and resources, while satis faction was expressed that the emigrants from these frugal industrial people of the low countries consisted of families of six, eight, or ten. taking , with them sufficient capital to settle on a homestead already selected. Even more Interesting Is tho account of the Immigration department's operations in the United States. Dealing with the fact thnt 58,312 people crossed the border In 300S, the inspector of agencies describes as the most pleasing feature of the work "the splendid character nnd quality of tho Immi grants, The money and effects brought in by these people was In tho neighborhood of 52,000. OOOdol,, or nearly lOOdol, per head. This has been added to the money wealth of Canada in one year. In addi tion to the money wealth, there Is thie physical wealth which these people- bring. Of those arriving 48,000 took up homo- steads, most of the balanco purchased land and wont into farming — a life that 90 per cent, of them hnd bebn following In their old homes. The United States snttlers bring with them a wealth of experience In tilling prairie lands, and are able to take from tlio soil tho best that It will afford. I am satisfied that if a census were taken It would be found that tho United States farmer almost always sucoeds In having good crops and realising the highest price for his products. His presence In the neigh borhood Is welcome for the experience ho brings and is willing to Impart to his neigh bor, and in this way tho newcomer from other parts, bo It eastern Canada, Great Britain, or tho Continent, is taught lessons In farming that are valuable to himself and the country." » It appears that there is not a State In the union in which Canada Is not advertised, and In 16 States the Dominion has special re presentatives located in tho best agricultural sections. At almost all the offices there are one or two assistants to look after the cor respondence. The Government agent carries with him samples of the grain and grasses of central Canada, has. with him a supply of literature, and quotes rates to any point in western Canada to which the selector would lure to travel. He assists the in tending settler by securing him the lowest freight rates for his stock and effects, ad vises him of the best route, and afterwards follows the course of the car engaged to its destination. Very often tho male mem bers of the ' family1 move in ! ,,advartcl6r"of! those dependent. When this occurs it is the duty of the agent to assist the family In every way possible in order to get a start. During the autumn exhibits of grain, grasses, roots, and vegetables, with which the agent has supplied himself, are taken from fair to fair, and tastefully arranged. A chain letter system Is adopted, which is very effective In getting tfhe names of those In a neighborhood who might be interested In Canada. To the names thus secured lite- rature and circulars are aent, "and," says the inspector of agencies, "It is surprising the amount of effective work done in this way." Canada in the States has to com pete with land agents from Texas, Wyo ming, Colorado, Montana, and South Da kota,, and these agents were "a disturbing sentiment amongst possible movers." Cana dian agents were therefore kept busy in booming the superior attractions of Canada. Tho advertising done was on a stupen dous scale. Space was purchased In. about 7000 newsparors throughout the United States, and reading notices and display ad vertisements were both used freely, Tho re sult of this comprehensive effort has been that, while in 1907-1908 Canada received from the United States settlors to the num ber of 58,312, the total last year reached tho high figure of 90,000. These facts go to show that Australia has a great organisation to evolve before she will emulate, even in a Tory modified de gree, the perfection of Canadian arrange ments for attracting fiettlors. We want thousands of settlers to fill up our vast spaces, to develop our resources, to assist us Jn maintaining this land from possible foreign aggression, and to make the country rich and prosperous. We have millions of acnes of land to settle in districts which conform to tho Canadian ideal that no settler shall be more than 20 miles from a railway. We have the enormous advantage over Canada of a climate which enables farming to be carried on all tho year round; by tho application of water we can secum three, four, and five crops where the Cana dian can rallse only one; our land on the average is cheaper; our terms of purchase are more liberal. We have a soli capable of yielding every vartety of product. We requlro only Intelligent organisation, a oenevolont system of State aid, founded on strict commercial principles; a convenient planning of the public estate; an easy form of transfer, and prompt, not half-hearted, dilatory action for putting immigrants on their arrival In the best possible circum stances for becoming uneful, thriving citi zens of the Commonwealth. With the example of Canada and its far-reaching and' effective operations in England before him, we should have heard even by now that tho High Commissioner was formulating sug gestions for tho home Government, so as to prepare the road for an immigration policy. But nothing is being done, v n.tL 04.4. ..1 rt ... "win ovivm uuu uommonweaitn nuthorl- ties profess to to sincere in tho deslro to see our broad acres converted from wild lands to - waving corn and smiling pastures. Wo have been shown tho way to tills achievement by our enterprising kinsmen of British North America. Too long have we dallied and trifled with a great national necti. Let us delay no more. — Tho "Ago." 