CURRENT TOPICS. Camera Club.--The monthly meeting of the Camera Club, which was fixed lo. next Wednesday evening, has been post poned for a week as a mark of respect to the memory of the late King. Police Court.-At the City Police Court on Saturday morning, before Mr. E. L. Hall, P.M., Jabez Gurr was fined 2s 6id, with half costs, for driving at night without having a light attached to his vehicle. Sale of Booths.-The booths in connec tion with the centenary meet of the Meander Racing Club were sold at Messrs. \V. T. Bell and Co's mart onl Saturday. The booth in the saddling paddock was bought for £5, and the outside £5. Launceston Benevolent Society.-The meeting of the board of management of this society, which was announced for to-morrow, 'has been further postponed suitil Tuesday, the 24th inst., out of respect to the memory of 'his Majesty the late King Edward VII. Alleged Attempted Suicide.-At .3,ua consfield on Friday night, Jane Ellen Fowler, aged 50 years, attempted to commit suicide by cutting her throat. She was attended by Dr. Davis, and re moved to the hospital for treatment. Her condition is not regarded as serious. TheosoFhical.-Last evening the mem hers of the 'Theosophical Society studied a lecture by Mr. C. 1W. Leadbeater, en ,titled "Building of Character." The lec turer viewed this subject from a theo sophical standpoint. Next Sunday the subject will be "Bishop Mercer's Lectures Viewed from a Theosophical Standpoint." The Comet.-During the past three mornings, which were fine and bright, a good view was obtained locally of Hal ley's comet, which is now very distinct. Our Cressy correspondent makes a simi lar report, and estimated that on Satur day it reached about one-eighth of the circumference that limited its sight. Tdle English Mail.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.Ml.S. Persia, with Englith files and letters to April 15, arrived at Adelaide on Saturday morning. HIer mails for the eastern states were sent on by express train, and the Laun ceston portion Is expected to arrive here on Wednesday by the Hiotoma'hana. Recovering the Lost Tin.-The opera tion of removing the lighter Jules Marie, which sunk along side the Port Mel bourne railway pier during a heavy gale on 25th tult., was successfully carried out by the Marine Salvage Association', under the direction of its salvage officer, Cap tain Wymark, on Thurslay afternoon. On April 27 the sunken lighter was moved 500ft. from tihe pier, where she was impeding the movements of the mail steamer Orvieto, since which time divers have been at work recovering 30 tons of Tasmanian tin with which she was load ed. On 12th inst., with the aid of the salvage lighten Endeavour, and the tug Alacrity, she was towed into compara tively shallow water in F'isherman's Bend, wheare the operation of pumping her out and completely, raeing her .wi me;under talken , Sleepers for Mexico.-The Huon Tim ber Company recently received a large order for the llexican railways, and ad vice h?as been received that the vessel which has been engaged to load them is the Ilogarth'Shipping Company's steamer Ba.ron Balfour. She is due in the Huo1 River on June 0, and will ship 1,750,000ft. of sleepers. Her port of discharge is Vera Cruz. Papuan oil a IIoliday.-A native of Papu'., a youth of apparently about f1 or 20 years of age, clad in dark blue ihablime.nts, not unlike a bathing suit, wearing a scarlet sash, barefooted and hatless, visited the state public ollices at Melbourne on Saiturday. lie was, as an attendant, aeccomnpanying a Govern net offlicer, who was on leave. It w.as said that the oflicer appreciated this ser vant so much that le thought he would give him a trip to Australia. The New Guinea "boy" (says -the "Herald") wore rather morre clothes here than lie does at home. B1orn in Waterloo Year.-Mrs. Thomas Thorne, who has been a resident of Vic torisa for the 'past 56 years, and is now living in Grant-street,' Ballara't, has lived under six monarchs, namely, George. 1ll., George IV., William IV., Queen Victoria, Edward .VI., and George V. She is in the enjoyment of all her faculties. There is one daughter .living, -Mrs. T. Boone, of lealesville, also a son-in-law, Councillor J. Cornish; of the leaalcsville shire, as well as r numiber of grandchildren. Mrs. Thorne is 95 years of age, and was thus born in the year of the 'attle of WVater loo, 1S15. Paying the Piper.-Now that tile Scottsdale-Branxholm Royal Commission is concluded, the matter of footing the billy comes forward. The scope of the Commission was veny wide, and a large number of witnesses were examined. The Commission sat for 38 days, and the cvi deuce taken was very voluminous. Ini addition to the expenses of the legal gen tlemen employed, a considerable amount of money will have to be paid away to meet shorthand and typewriting charges, printing, witnesses' expenses, and a large number- 'of incidental expenses. It is 'anticipated (remarks the "Morcury") that the cost of the Commission will not be under £1500. Should it be decided to pay the fees of Mr. Ewing, who acted as counsel for Sir John Dodds, thalt sum may be exceeded. "The Street-Bred People."-iReminss. cenoes of Kipling's phrase were aroused at the City Police Court, Hobart, on Fridayn where a witness in a ease before tihe Benel, in explaining how it was that a nman of whom lie was speaking was very frequently at his mother's house, said "he was bred inl the street." "Bred in the street," said the magistrate (Mr. Wise), "What do you mean by that?" "I mean," said the wvitness, "that lie was born iti the street, and brought up these." Subsequently it turned out that lie meant that the man of whom hlie spoke was born in a hlouse in that street, and brought up in the neighbourhood. The same witness aroused some incredulity by stating that anither witness, a young girl. had visited their house "thousands of times." The court seemed to think that she was in that ease likely to weary her hosts by her continual coming, and the witness modified his statement to "hundreds." Among the Whalers.-A visit made to Kerguelen by the ship Haakon is product ive of some interesting information re garding the progress of this seldom visited islaund. The Hlaakon went to Kerguelen from Natal with a cargo of coal. Captain Arnoldsen found the whrat ing industry flourishing on the island, a station having ben, established there two years ago. A fine oil factory has also been erected, and between SO and 100 men find employment. Two steamers and several tugs are engaged lhunting whales and seals, which gave a profitable return for the work. 'lwro days before the Has kco left. Kerguelen Htie steamer l\'ake field, whlich is searching for the \Vanatah, seas olberved in one of the inlets, but communication could not be established witlh her. During the stay of the Haa kon aot Kerguelen fierce weeterly winds swept down from the glacier, and it re quired 190 fathoms of cable and two anchors to secure a good hold for the ship. VMlue of Wireless.-While the liner United States was voyaging from Hull to 'Neiv Yorl, via Christiania, she went ashore in a fiord during a dense fog. She had 1000 passengers alsoard at 'the time, including Captain Scott, R.N., of Antare 'tie fame, and Lieutenant Skelton, a sub marine expert, wsho was chief engineer of the Discovery, under Captain Scott. The disabled vessel got into communicat-ion with the Wilson liner by wireless, and the latter put out a boat and made for Naesorden Whiere the United States was on the rocks with two holes inl her side. The Wilson liner reported the accident by wireless to Ohristiania, and w-ithin seven hours a steamer liadl been despatch ed, and 'the crew andt baggage of the United States had been transhipped to her. There was no panic, and no one was injured. Danish and Norwegian tugs lay alongside of the United States, whicih l}ay firmly wedged, but not in a dangerous, position, till lher cargo was sufficiently lightened to enable her 40 bhe floated off the rocks. She was then towed to Copnhlugsn for repairs. Corridor Trains.-For sonie time past travellers on tile Tasmanian railways, especially visitors from the other states, have commented adversely on the absence of eorridor trains. in this state. Th'lat they are. of xceeptional convenience on lICng joulneys -is unquestionable, but it is understood that one of the objections which was lodged by the department sagainst their adaptation here was that of the narrow gauge lines, to say notlling also of tile initial expense of building them. Mr: WV. H. DIeeble, the Chlief Me ehlanica! Engiseer for the Tasmanian Go vernment Railways, lihas alwSays been an advocate of this class of train for the Launceston-Hobart run, and since hIis re cent visit to Queensland he is convinced that the question of gauge need not ne ter the department installing corridor trains. In the state mentioned the gauge is the same as ill Tasmania, viz., ilt. Gin., while the class of country is similar in rapecet to curves and gradients to thie he between here and Hobart. As the Tasmanian Railway Department will blie building more express carriages at no distant date, there is every reason to be lieve that they will be on the corridor (1rinciple. An Immigrant's ELxperience.-A reItired Bi ritish army pensioner, swho arrived In Melbourne last week, started hIis career in Australia with a peculiar experience. Ile weas bookled tihrough by tise steamer to Brisbane, as 'he had been senat out by the Queensland Agent-General in London, but he became so deeply engrossed in Ithe sights of Melbourne tat lie mliseled the dcpanmibue of the steamer, lIe there fore conultled with Mr. H. O. Allan, the heaIl of-tlse nitelligence Bureau, anId ,x plaied that hlie was stranded. Mr. Allan sent an urgent telegrams on Wednesdily morning to hse Queensland Intelligenee Bureau, describing the circumstances, and (says the "Argus") asking whlether the man shlould be scnot on by train to Syd ney to caltch the Ophlir tle~r. 'Pliere was no reply to the nmessage, anld. on 'T!l.us day anotlher was sent. No answer came to hand on. Friday, and so the man wasi given a ticket for Sydney, and a tew shillings in ceash, and sent off by the ex press to join the Ophir there. An emlea yvour will be made by the Victorian it telligence Departmeant to recover the money .spent in sending on this inmt gnard...Had the man -act continued ats journey. to Brisbane, he would isave for fe?titled a deposit of £25 he had placed twithl t .Queenelaad Age.t-General. 'Railway Activity.-In 1903 the number of men employed at Newpor.t railway 'workshops (Vie.) seas 1200. This dil not include the butty gangs. According to the latest" returns, tile number now employed at Newport ias reached the total of 2700, exclusive of butty gangs. Among the reasons for the great increase is tile action' of the Railway Commis. sioners, w'hen they took office in 1903, in having locomotives and all rolline stock constructed at' Newport. At pre sent 'the shops are working at the high. cst possible pressure, in order 'to meet the extraordinary requirements of the department consequent oni the develop. moen of the Powlett coalfield and the de. flection of a great number of trucks to haul the coal to Melbourne. This is apart from the increase in the ordinary traffic tlhat is taking place generally throughout the state. The boiler slolop foundry, and other parts of the works have been greatly enlarged of late years, and further extensions 'will soon be neces. sary. Day n.ud night shifts are working at present. Daring the past month or so fully 200 men have 'been taken on in order to push the work through, mak ing tihe total 2700. This increase is due to fthe abnormal conditions, and is not likely to constinue. The 'heavy call that has been made on the department's stock of trucks by Powlett Diver traffic is shown by the fact that, besides tt1, passenger and ordinary goods trains, (our coal 'trains, numbering 60 trucks, arrive in .Melbourne' daily. The total engaged in coal ?naulage is estimated at 200 trucks. Six hundreds tons of coal is being brought to Melbourne daily.- "Argus." Hlomeopathic iosprtal.--The usual monthly meeting of the board of man agement of the Hlomeopathic Hospital was held on Friday evening. There 'were prcsent:-Mr. Henry Ritchio (in the chair), Mrs. Styant Browne, Dr. Douglas Smith; Messrs. W. Mosey, J Piper, It Ernest Smith, F. Styant-Browne, and J. II. Taylor. Apologies for absence were received from Mrs. Jno. Gunn, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Bell, and Mr. P. Oakley Fysh. The matron's report showed that twelve patients had been admitted during the month, nine were discharged, two died, and 'live remained in the hospital. lo:; nations and fees amounting to £57 lls had been received, and accounts to the amount of £34 11s ld were passed for payment. Tile bhon. secretary of thi hospital (Mr. F. Styant-Browne) thank fully acknowledges the following dona tions:--Mr. Bardenhagen (Lilydale), £1t Is; collected by Mrs. John Gunn (for steriliser), £1 5s 6d; Mr. Henry Dobson (Hobart), 10s; "A Grateful Patient," 53s; Hospital Box, 9s 4d; per Mr. F. Styant. Browne, Os 3d; two eases of apples, Mr. F. Briggs (Scottsdale); flowers, "Friend;" eggs, "An Old Patient", "Friend," and "A Friend;" jam, Mrs. lM'iKenie; old linen and fruit, "S.G.;" case of apples, Miss Evershed;' old linen and bread, Mrs. Lowe; fruit and old linen, Mrs. Ell; cheese, Rev. D. B. Black. wood; fruit and cakes, "Old Patient;" scones and cakes, "Friend;" magazines, Miss Thompson; magazines and "London News," Mr. H. Ititehle; "Australasian," -Mrs. Oliver; potatoes, vegetables, and rabbits, Mr. J. Smith (Rosevale); "Courier," "Telegraph," "Workman," "War Cry," and "Monitor," from the pro prietors; "Watchman," "A Friend." The Week's Weather.-The Meteorso logical Department has issued the follow. ing synopsis of the weather for the week ending Saturday:-The beautiful weather I which was experienced towards tfle close of last week, only lasted till Sunday, an Antarotic depression advancing, and rain falling in the weset, north-west, and ex treme south that day. Gloomy skies boded ill for a view of the solar eclipse, which unhappily proved correct, as gene. ral rain fell on the oth, with very little wind, and overcast skies prevailed Queenstown and Tu11]h were tile only piaces where a good view of this interest. lang phenomenon was dbtained. The weatlher cleared rapidly next day, and light rain fell only in the west. An. other Antarctic depression appeared on the llth. It had made a very rapid p5s sage across the Bight, taking only three days 'to travel from the Leoeuwin to Tas. mania, which is usually a five days' pas sage. This 'brought heavy rain in the north and west on the llthl and 18th, reaching to the north-east on the 12th, but only light showers fell in tihe south, east, and midlands. There wams a con sidera.ble fall in the temperature on the 13th, hailstorms being reported from the west and soucth, with snow at ahe Springs; the maximum at Hobart only reaching 48.Sdeg., and at Launceston 56 deg., the lowest for the week. The high. est at Hobart was 60deg. on the 11th, ea.d 62 at Launceston on three days.: The rainfall for the week as telegraphed was:-Northern division-Stanley, 249 points: Trislh Town, 404; Burnie, 211;1 Devonport, 175: Cressy, 217; Launceston, 172; Beaconsfield, 220; Low Head, 195, Scottsdale, '205; Sheffield, 324. \Vest Coast-Waratah, 19i4; Zeehan, 424; Capq Sorell, 271.. Derwent-IfHamilton, 74. East Coast- Boobyalla, 98; Eddystone, 79; R?ingarooma, 198; Gould's Country, 143; St. Ielen's, (17; Seamander, 36; Ma. tlinna, 11; St. Mary's, 61; Swansea, 46. M-idlands-Oatlands, 40. South-east Brighton, 17; G'lenorehy, 26; Hlobart, 31; Springs, 39; Rokeby, 20: HTIythe, 87; Port Cygnet, .S Man, echose industrial occupations and sporting and political life have been in vaded by the new woman, is going to be completely revenged. It has been ar ranged- that- he shall wear gorgeous at tire, -more -strikingly brilliant than any thing he has hitherto donned. As to any very distincte hange In footwear our authority Is silent. Petterd and Co. continue to supply the best quality of boots and shoes In the most fasbhionable shapes. Boot Palace prices are still the lowest in the state. Tel. 191.* Wood pipe Is cheap and everlasting, is steel banded and covered with asphaltum, cannot corrode, made for high pressure or low. Catalogues from A. E. Evershed, 6i5 George-street, apsnt for he manu facturer.* HI-oses for water or steamls, lshlng wad ero, engine packings, hot- water bottles, : .--Tndlarubhher Co.. George-street.* St. Francis Xavier's Club.-Members are advised that the meeting will be held this evening, instead of Friday. 