Australian immigration I J.i.VKlSH. MlXlSTEU'S OI'EvIOX. Thu Danish Minister for Foreign Affairs ¡says a .London catie) bas is f-ued to the newspapers a notice which seeks tc' dissuade emigrants from going to Australia or .New Zealand, as it is asserted that the .-«liiliculties. of subsistence.there have \ Asimilar, warning'. had' already . been published in Sweden. The Australian Minister for' Cus- toms recently referred to a cable message stating that Count Morner, ' the Consul-General for Sweden in Australia, had warned intending nu-, migrants against proceeding to Aus- tralia or" New Zealand oa account of the diificmtbs in the way of getting em- ployment. _".l deny that such state- . menls are warranted," said Sir Ko- llert Best. "There is plenty of ?oom for suitable mon to make a living in Australia ifs agriculturists. ,?ur best answer is to point to our ' , vt raordinary prosperity. Australia ti but an infunf'umongst the na- tions, but our pastoral production jist year was £00.600,000, the min- erals were worth £2S,302,000, our îgri cultural production wi^s .£30,500 900 and our manufactures -were ^101,900,000." . The Danish Consul at Sydney (M. \- larcker) and the Swedish Consul ; Count MoRjor) soy pint neither . i'lenmar': ïusr Swedrn can spare ag- ricultural immigrants, and though they do send immigrants from "otb , 1 er- classes the Consuls find it most difficult to place them, but .the warnings given by the Governments 5eem to be due to i the forwarding to \he Swedish authorities. by Count Morner of a report of an attack on tho Government immigration policv "by Mr. W. A. Holman, M.L.A., at Newcastle Inst November. In that .speech'..Mr. Holman spove of the* steady stream of immigration being directed to Australia "by the dis- semination of deliberutelv- lying statements." "The immiïrants," said Mr. Holman, "found themselves' on arrival in à fool's paradise, in- to which they had been deluded by the deliberate lies of an unprincipled. C«v<=rnment." Count. Morner said .ha forwarded Mr. Holman's remarks to the Swedish Government with . lite request that it should be for wardod to thj. Swedish An : ti-Tnimigralion Society. Count Monier also said that Swe- dish immigrants who carno hero/ found the greatest difficulty in get- ting employment. * 