ADJUSTING POPULATION. -? The Victorian Mission. ., '* Hopeful Reports. From Grower to Banker. LONDON, Sept. 1. Victorians at present in London entertained Mr. M'Kenzie and Mr. Elwood Mead, who are conducting an immigration mission in the United Kingdom, at a banquet at the Gaiety Restaurant last night. Lord Goschen presided over the gathering, which numbered 150, and included leading members of the chambers of commerce, financiers, and merchants. At the main table were seated Sir Charles Prestwood Lucas head of the Dominions department), Field-Marshal Lord Roberts, Sir George Reid (High Commissioner for the Com- monwealth), Sir John Taverner (Agent General for Victoria), Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick (Agent-General for South Australia), Mr. McCall (Agent-General for Tasmania), Mr. Hare (Acting Agent- General for Western Australia), Mr. T. J. Russell (joint manager of the London County and Westminster Bank), Sir John Cockburn, Mr C. Charleton (vice- president of the Chamber of Commerce), Sir John Bingham (head of the cutlery firm of Walker and Hall, Sheffield), Alderman J. M. Pratt (of Melbourne), and Mr. R. Nivison. Lord Goschen said that Great Britain welcomed the delegation, and would not grudge them the immigrants they had secured, since they would assist in fostering the Imperial spirit amongst all classes in Australia. Sir John Cockburn proposed the toast of "The Guests." Mr. M'Kenzie and Mr. Mead had, he said, been engaged in the Imperial mission of solving the problem of the adjustment of population in the empire. Mr. McKenzie, responding to the toast, said that the press, the people, and the authorities in Great Britain had welcomed the mission most generously. It had not been suggested that Victoria was robbing Great Britain of the flower of her manhood. The fact that Great Britain imported 90 per cent, of her foodstuffs, of which Australia sent 3 per cent, only, alone justified the delegation. Mr. Elwood Mead, who also responded, said that Victoria would be satisfied with the number of thrifty, energetic agriculturalists of high character they had secured. He emphasised the importance of fostering the small holdings, and in this connection referred to the large yields from lucerne crops. "The grower in Australia to-day," continued Mr. Mead, will be the banker of Australia next generation. The dairymen we have selected will soon make Victorian butter as well known as Danish by enabling Australia to supply Great Britain throughout the year." Sir John Taverner, replying to recent criticisms, insisted that there was an absence of rivalry between the Australian States and the other overseas dominions in immigration matters. Mr. C. Charleton, Sir John Bingham, and Alderman J. M. Pratt also spoke during the evening. 