POLICE COURT. Before Messrs. Bead Murphy, P.M.,' ] "J. Hamilton. J. Ferguson, N. Camp bell and J. Shegog, Js.P., at tlie Police Court yesteiday, a remand was granted in an insulting behavior case for seven days. A penalty of 10/-. was inflicted against a nian named Samuel Halfpenny for offensive behavior. A female bibu lant was fined 10/-. In the case of • a j man named Wm. Ash worth, who was charged with drunkenness, sentence was deferred till a date to be fixed. Alice Dobley was remanded for seven days on : charges of drunkenness and vagrancy. Orders yere made- for the amounts with.costs in three civil cases; The Fenwiok-street Baptist Junior En deavor Society will hold its anni versary in'the school hall to-night. Special pro gramme: admission free. - Two non-resident scholarships—one for full and the other half the fees—for general instruction will be, offered for 1911 by the Church of England Girls' High School, Goelorig. Candidates must be under 14 years of age on De cember 31st next .' Full particulars may be learned from tlie head mistress. At the Public Hall, East Geelong, to • morrow" evening the Bev. W. L. . Tasli ndli's theme is "Music.'/ The choir will "be assisted by Mr. Graves' orchestra. The fortnightly social of the "Women's Organising Committee was held in Hie' New'Masonic Hall, Little Eyrie-street, on Thursday night. Mr. Harry Nelson supplied the music, and Mr. ivurzumn made a capable M.C. Cards were en joyed by .those unable to dance. -Sup per wassupplied by the committee at 10.30 p.m., and a most enjoyable even ing was brought to a close at 12. ' Two Danish sailors were arrested by Constable T. Dunn for drunkenness arid locked irp lest evening. A young mail named Ernest Russell was brought from ; Nhill by. Constable Woods last <jyening / and lodged in the cells. . Ho is.to be takeii to Warrnambool by first train this morning. Russell is imder committal from Nhill to stand his trial -at the "Warrnambool sittings of the Supreme Court for an offence under the Crimes Act.. • _ . Trevalla tliis week furnished fair sport for rodmen at the Yaira-street pier. Yes terday there -was a long line. <rf patient anglers at that,pier, and in' the after noon the sport was very good. Thofolloving pupils attending. Miss . Jj." Duncan's shorthand classes passed /.the half-yearly examination and are en titled to certificates:—Advanced theory: Miss Ethel Alhiston. Miss Vera Reeves, ■ Miss Estelle Smith, Miss Janet Charity. Intermediate theory: Mr. Arthur Dixon, . Mr. Stanley Lavey. Elementary theory: Miss. Olive Friend. Mr. Albert Thomas, .Master Alfred Graham. Speed : Miss L. '. Mockridge (100), Miss E. Smith (901. Miss . E. Alhiston (90). Miss V. Reeves (80). At a sale of draught stallions in Mel hourne. Mr. A-. W. Warren, of Geelong, ;boiight Royal Dandv for 330 guineas. . ... In,reply to an inquiry addressed to .the secretary. Melbourne Harbor Trust, and since transferred to the Department of Ports and Harbors, the immigra tion officer (Mr. Chas. F. White) states _ that the records show that the "ship Queen of the Mersey (Capt. .Tas. Aitken) arrived at the Heads on .Tuno 29th. and at Melbourne on the 3rd July, 1861, leaving Liverpool on the 28th March. 1861. This is the only recorded arrival during the period 1867 to 18G2. " The Rev. W. L. Tashacli is giving a sacred lantern service entitled, 'What Would Jesus Do?" in tlie Mechanics' j Hall , to-morrow evening. It v. ill ho i illustrated by 48 electric light pictures, j Mrs. Toshacli will sing 'Children's i Home" "(illustrated") and Sir. Toshach "Star of Bethlehem." They will render the. duet "Ora Pro Nobic" (illustrated). Noirichurchgoers are especially invited." : A/dance will be held to-night at St. ■ A dance. iyil lbe held to-night at St. Patrick's school, Kildare. j \- ; J. J. Millers sporting pomplilct for 1910 is to hand. It contains a. most in teresting fund of up-to-date information in.'all i branches of sport. 1 ho perform ances are given of every horse nominated for thevA.J.C. Metropolitan, the Caul field Cup and the Melbourne Cup, along witli-the>r weights, pedigrees and owners and-trainers' names. Winners and placed horses of a'l the important hnndi caps and classical races, and pedigrees of liarses nominated for the A.J.Cf Vic toria and AV.A. Derbies are given. Tlie illustrations include la ; picture of the Melbourne Cup -winner,; PrincevPoote, and photos of W. '.H; IvIcLachl.in (crack jockey), J. I/. Davis (amateur runner) arid J. Donaldson (professional sprinter). A plain anil fancy .dress ball : will be held in the Leopold hall on Thursday, August 2nd. • . - v. : Alfred King, plumber • aiid gasfitter, gives estimates for all classes of . new work or repairs.. 1 All' sizes in acetylene burners are stocked,'.'also AVelsbach elec tric light metallic lamps-and bath heat ers." . ' : ' • The • hen. treasurer. Gfculong Sailors': Rest acknowledges the fcllowing ; dona tions:—For building fund: Hnwkes Pros., .£10; E. A..Clark, R."Sterling, 10/ eacli. For general fund:. Dr.Kr-imedy, L. H. Linden,. Dalgety and Co., 21,' eacli; (Mathews Bros., 10/0; Mrs. How ard, H.' F. Richardson, Mr. Prnting, 10/- each ; C. Hindell, 7/6: T. A. Dick son, Highton C.E., 5/- each; Mrs.-"Wat son, H. Martin. J. Ourtin, AV. C'liallis, 2,6 each; S. Michael, 2/-. In order to cope with additional work, several casual hands are being put-on in the railway yards. Mr: Read Murphy. P.M., granted an. old-age pension , of £26 per. annum at tlie Police Court yesterday. ' i Tlie monthly meeting of the council of the Geelong Chamher of Commerce will.be lield on Monday at 4:30 p.m., , Pension cheques are available at'the Geelong sub-treasury this morning. The departure from the usual custom is made to effect- a clearance befdro cheques and vouchers are' Sent to Melbourne 'for checking. ■ .• 