SCOTTISH AGRICULTU EAL COMMISSION. ARRIVAL OF SIR T. CARLAW ' MARTIN. AX IMPORTANT ERRAND,. Sir T. Carlaw Martin. LL.D.. Chairman of the Scottish Agricultural Commisapn which will tour the Commoirwealth to in spect and report upon the prospects for Scottish rural immigrants, arrived by the R.Mi-. Osterley on Saturday. He is accom panied by Lady Martin, and continued the journey to Melbourne in the steamer. He was to have been met at the Outer ?Harbour by Mr. R. Wemyss, Chief of the South Australian Caledonian Society; Mr. G. H. MacMlkn, the Treasurer; and Mr. H.' Tassie. a member of the council of that body, but owing to the delay to the .vessel at the Semaphore anchorage, those gentle-, men were reluctantly compelled to return without having seen the visitor. Sir Car law regretted that the elements had so un kindly interfered with the plans, but ex pressed the hope that '.on his return, to South' Australia he would enjoy the pleasure of a 'Scotch night' with the members ot the Caledonian Society. Interviewed by- a representative of The Register on board the Osterley, Sir Car law Martin said:— 'The other members o£ the commission, who are coming by the Ornrtiz a fortnight hence, are Sir John Sinclair, of Barroch House, Wick, a cousin of Lord Pentland (Secretary of State ! for ScotJand); Mr. W. Barber. M.H., of Ter rerran, Dumfries; Mr. E. E. Morrison, MA, of Bonnytown, Fife; Mr. James Bunlop. of Hal] House, Ayrshire; Mr. W. Henderson, of Lewton: Mr. A. M. Prain, of Errol, Perthshire; Dr. Shirra Gibb, of Lnuder, Berwickshire; Mr. J. Keith, of Udny, Aberdeemdiire; Mr. A. M. Greig, of Aberdeen; Dr. Wilson, of St. Andrew's, Fife; and Mr. McHutchen, of Dobbie, Dal keith. Midlothian. 'I am travelling in advance because 1 wanted to make preliminary arrangements for the work of the mission. We have had a splendid passage. The Osterley is a remarkably seaworthy ship. A large Dumber of immigrants were on board, in cluding about 100 of the domestic class for Western Australia. Even-body considered them a fine body of iuunigrant^. , Western Australia is offering exceptional induce ments to new colonists, and the terms of land settlement are generous in the ex treme. Capt. Jenks, of the Osterley, con ceived the happy idea of giving free illus trated lectures to the third-class pasBen gers on the resources of Australia, and the conditions of the new life passengers were about to engage in. In every way he showed the utmost consideration for the comfort of tbe new settlers during the voyage! —Objects of the Tour. — 'The commission is composed in the main of practical farmers, along with- two gentlemen connected with agricultural col leges of Scotland, and the 12 arc men more or less connected with the land. Some of them may claim to be experts in their subjects. Among them is a farmer who is a recognised authority on Ayrshire cattle. Indeed, the commission is representative of all forms of agriculture. The commis sion may also be said to have special ex perience for the work in Australia, because it is formed out of the larger body which visited Denmark in 1901, Ireland in 1906, and Canada in 1908, and as a result of those visits, published reports which have beeu widely circulated and have been regarded as agricultural documents of great import ance. This experience na.tnra.lly qualifies them for ihe work of observation which they will cam- on in the course of their tour through Australia. The commission is visiting Australia at the invitation of the Federal Government, -with the object of inducing land settlement, and to strengthen the stream of emigration towards this part of the British Empire. Scotland will prob ably send men of tbe rural type, trained on the land, and accustomed to open-air life and vocations. —'A Serious Undertaking.'— irWe come to Australia with no requisi tions, and I can say for the whole of my colleagues that they undertake the work in a serious spirit, and will make their investi gations as closely and carefully as the time at their disposal will allow. They do not suppose for a moment that the conclu sions they may ultimately form regarding the resources and conditions cf life, in Aus tralia will cover the whole area of the subject, but it will be their endeavour to study ; them conscientiously and report accordinglj-. The opinions formed will be published in Great Britain on our return, and the Federal Goverment will receive copies of it. Our report will be entirely independent and unbiased. According to the itinerary which has been arranged for us, we will start our investigations in. Vueensland, about the end of September, and will have three and a half months for our work. The States will probably be visited in geographical order, that is, 'from north to south, thence west. The time has been apportioned by the authorities ?ji Australia as equitably ;is possible betTrcm the various States. I shall be under imme diate communication with Ihe Minister for External Affairs, and hope to spend 10 flays with him in Melbourne before proceed ing to Brisbane. For most of ths members this is their first trip to Aus. tnilia. All of them have large and impor. tant interests in Scotlund, which they have left for seven months, and they would not sacrifice so much time unless Lhev felt (Ley wore doing some important public work calculated to develop the resources of tha hmpire. —Commission's Previous Work.— ''What have been the results of the pre vious tours of the commission?'— 'Thi Danish report had considerable effect in Scotland in extending knowledge of the system of farming in which the coopera tive principle has been appb'ed with success. The Irish report has had something of the same result, as agricultural development in Ireland, under Sir Horace Plunkett, has gamed in the direction of associated effort in the working up and marketing of dairy produce. The Canadian report, we have reason to believe, has been of much ser vice to Great Britain from the information which it afforded of the magnificent agri cultural colleges in Canada, and the part played by the Government in assistine the tanners and intending emigrants to the Dominion. These reports did aot sum up the whole work of the commission, because they were supplemented by illustrated lectures, the demand for which is very great in all parts of Scotknd. Canada has made all the running in regard to at tracting immigrants, largely bv successful advertising. Xo doubt something is due to the fact that it is the largest colony, and can be reached in five day?, and its hold on the Untlsh market is very strong. Aus tralian products have a great reputation, since the adoption of the creamery system aua the use ol freezers.' —Immigration and Defence. — ?ir Carlaw Martin was somewhat diffi dent in dii-enssine the question of immigration and defence, but expressed the opinion that an island population like that ot Great Britain must have its own overflow, and it was regarded as important that that overflow should be attracted to the dominions oversea. 'The more people you have the more effective Australia will become in defence of Empire,' was the wav Sir Carlaw summed up the matter. Playground classes, having proved fo beneficial to the health and educational progress of the children last summer, are to be increased to 20 this year in London County Council schools. 