I THE DEPARTING COMMIS- SIONERS. ? 9 "The Scottish Commissioners leave Queensland to-day for other parts of Australia, .and it is likely thut their Visit will ' prove memorable and ' valuable in the future history of the ? Stale. ' Their tour has been nssoci | ated with á ceaseless round of hos- pitality and speech-making, which, however, has not been allowed to interfero with their somewhat strenu- ous mission in endeavouring to ge't within a few weeks a practical ac- quaintance with the resources of a State which would require at least a year to traverso at the same rate of travel. The importance of the visit is largely clue to the personnel of the i Qommissifm, its members reprcsont I ing practical experience ns well as scientific training in agricultural, dairying, mid other lana pursuits, and as they have already visited .Canada and 'Denmark in the course of similar missions they aro in, ti position to 'make comparisons with what they have seen in Queensland, a country of 'enormous fertile terri 'tories, which' need millions of immi- grants alike for "development and defence. They have, seen one of the best cultivated gardons of the State -and it is only one with regard to the prospects of the future-in the extensive Darling Downs, and in that particular visit Sir Curlaw Martin at the State dinner last night again paid a generous tribute to the p'ióneers, the men who * entered the wilderness almost alone to carve out for themselves a home, to combat the loneliness and the hardships and possibly even the dangers, and who in the course of a generation had made the land a garden, filled it with houses and schools and all the insti- tutions which make for a highly civi- lised life. Our visitors have seen widespre-ading plains, -glorious val- leys, and high plateaus, where in some cases two crops may be reaped each season for thirty or.forty years in succession without recourse to fer- tilisers ; they have seen districts where orchards familiar to their own country grow the fruits of temperate climes'; they have» seen other orchards ? and gardens where every fruit -of tropical and sub-tropical climes may be grown to perfection ; they havo been made familiar with vineyards, sugar plantations, and mills, and they gained a slight know- ledge of some of our mining indus- tries, to say nothing of the experi- ence they had of that kinship which unites this land of the Southern seas with the ancestral countries whose splendid' herituge is also our im- perishable possession. It would hardly be fair to expect our visitors to anticipate therr re- port by going any further »3ian they have done in speaking of their im- pressions of Queensland (although Sir Cnrlaw Martin's remarks last night leave no doubt that they have been most favourably impressed), but they have never hesitatud in referring to it us a land of wonderful resources. They caine here, IIB theyi have fre- quently said, to spy out tile land, to talk with the farmers and settlers, and to civrry back with them some record of their investigation and ex- pediences. Their judgment would be based on all the facts which had been ascertained ; but it is beyond doubt that they have been deeply im- pressed with the prosperity which hn's everywhere been seen, and with the vast" possibilities of the country as-a field for immigration. They huvo been careful to explain that they accept no responsibility 'for bringing immigrants to Australia or any part of Australia ; they would, as Sir Carlaw Martin ex- plained, publish the information which they had acquired conscien- tiously and as nccurately as they could, and they hoped that by the spreading of such information people would bo led to sec that going to Australia did not involve expatria- tion or exile, but only a change to a new land where they would join with their kith und Kin ]n 'carr.ving out the same objects, in promoting the same ideals, andsiu. founding nnd using the same institutions us were to bo found in the old country..- It has also been explained that while the Commissioners represent one nationality their report will be read as much in england, Ireland, und Wales as in Scotland. One of the Commissioners, who in other re- spects made some guarded criticism ol' defects in the immigration sys- tem, expressed the opinion that it did not really, matter to which part of Queensland an immigrant came if he were one of the right kind, and personally the conclusion which he hud arrived at was that such uu immigrunt was of far more import- ance inun the climate,' or the soil, or the- particular district to .which he came.- It-was said of Scottish emigrants that the ? majority went lo Canada, where most of the' best land was already taken up, and now was -the time to turn the migrant stream towards Australia, which was admitted to be a better country. Our visitors!also noted the weakness of Queensland and the rest of Australia with, enormous vacant teu-ritories within easy reach of the teeming millions of the Far East. It . waa well known, said Mr. Morrison, that before many years this country, long so peaceful, might be driven to the last extremity oí war, and it was therefore well that before the evil day came our lands should bo. de- veloped and filled with a,' hardy, warlike, population. The importance of ' the present missipn is increused by the fact that our visitors have been in a 'position to give instruction as well us to leura, and some of the pertinent questions . they have asked demand more than casual consideration. Sir Carlaw Murtin, for example, referred to the strenuousness shown in Den- mark and Canada-the- countries previously visited-in connection with tho various land industries. The Danish farmer was a man who took his mission seriously ; he believed in education und scientific,research, and in their application to practice. In Canada- something of the same kind was going on ; the suggestion , pro- bably is, that with all that is, al- ready being done in Queensland the work of our experimental and State farms might with advantage be ex- tended. There is the further con- sideration of making Australia botter known in the old countries nnd giving precise information as to what settlers may expect when they come here. Air. Morrison spoke with some warmth on this subject when stating that the Commissioners had, found here a lnrnl of magnificent possibili- ties ; but Queensland and the rest of Australia must remember that God helped those who helped, themselves. It was a.fnct-that'in the old country Australia was neither known-nor ap- preciated as she ought to be. This was not altogether the fault of people on the other side of the world. If Australia wanted young immigrants to como out here! it was surely her duty to let them know exactly what she had to offer. Canada had fully realised the 'desira- bility of pursuing a policy in that direction, and recognised that every immigrant was worth £200 esti- mated in money, apart from the capital ho might ' bring with -him. Australia , might therefore profitably spend a little more money in making her resources and inducements- better known, and these aro admitted .., to be superior, to ? those of any , other part.of.the Empire. Our departing visitors have seen what has been achieved in Queensland, and " they have, touched the.fringes of country where . similar' triumphs aw'áit new pioneers who bring'with thetii.the grit, energy, and perseverance char- acteristic of Scotsmen and,other im- migrants who have .the courage, to ?seek new homes in the vacant terri- tories along the far-Hung line, of' Empire. 