Mr. Mahon's English Experiences. In a letter xx'hióh hu addressed to'the Under, Secietary of Agriculture, Mr. John Mahon" (Principal r6i the Gatton- Agricul-' tural College), writing fiom Scotland, says that the prices of beef and mutton lhere are 1/2 and 1/1 per lb. respectively. The price of beef, dressed weight, is 72/ per lCOlb., and fat bullocks aie worth £12 to £20 each. Ile suggests that ("luc-ms land should try to pillie some ot her meats in Scotland. New Zealand mutton and cheese have got on the market there*, and ure selling well. Mr. Mahon states that lie is credibly informed that Aus- tralian butter is being sold everjwnere in Scotland as' the best Danish. He has seen and sampled a good deal of it in Glasgoxx', and can confirm the statement. Hi: considers" thal there ib a big future for immigration from fecotland ; 230 left for Queensland in April, and 300 were to leave in May. lie had interviexved many xvho intended to go out, und nací found all of tlv;m to be a good class. The first question asked was whether the peison addriibsed knexv anything of Queensland, and if he had b\;en there. If not, no notice xvas taken of his statements, and tin?, fact euiphusised the necessity for immigra- tion agents to be Tuen conversant with the rural life of Queensland, and the agents should be changed frequent ty, m order that they might bo able to speak of présent conations. Mr. Mahon gave letters addressed to the Under ¡secretary to several persons who were apparently good farmers, ami some of them had a considerable amount of capital. Mr. Mahon spent a fortnight ia Scotland and there inspected a great number of. cattle and horses. Ile visited the dairy behool at Kilmarnock, and xvis greatly disap- pointed with what he saw, as he con- sidered that Queensland w-is far aluad in her methods. In rcsDect of dairying generally, he is.ot opinion that there is not much to Be learned by Queenslaniiii s from English methods. At the instiga- tion of the Agent- general he is . visit- ing Dublin and Belfast in search of stock; here good Ciydebdales are to be got. Tie is also going over to Frailee to purchase two Perclieion stallions which have been ordered. 