X K\vB ' ( XP ;:THH ' X CONDENSED CABLES 'AND TABLOID TELEOHAMS. GIST OF GESIRAL SABLES A- . . The Earl of Crewe, Secretary of State for the Colonies, has informed Captain Collins (Commonwealth repre sentative) that in future the Eorign Office will not issue passports1 without a certificate of respectability from the Commomwealth. or troni an Agent- General. Previously paSspOrts were granted upon proof of the naoionality of the applicants. A sensation lias been caused in the State of Missouri. U.S.A., owing to charges of diabolical acts having been made against & medical man. Colonel Thomas" Swope, a millionaire philan thropist. of Kansas City, died sudden ly quite recently, and subsequently, owing to certain rumors, Dr. Bennett Clarke Hyde sued the deceased execu tor, at Independence, Missouri, for slanderously accusing him of having poisoned Colonel Swopo, and also the latter' s nephew, who likewise died sud denly. The case took a startling rppan f.J v. wlicn it was announced. that a chemical analysis showed that Colonel Swope died from strvciinine poisoning. In filing' his case against the executor. Dr. Hyde' further stated that the defendant had , accused him of having inuoculated members of the Swope family with germs of typhoid, fever, which several of. them had can- tracted. Dr. Hyde, who is married to the Colonel's ' niece,, attended the Colonel and other members of his family. A luiifhthood has ' been conferred upon Mr? Robert. Kyffin Tbonms. ono of the ' proprietors of the Adelaide iter o-isicr." The " Times," in announc ing the honor, refers to Mr. Thomas s pineal Society and president of th..', tralian branch of the Royal Geogra phical Society and pres dent ot the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce, and also as a member of the South Aus tralian committee for raising troops in connection with the South African war. The " Standard n'otcs the honor as a compliment to the Press. The "Daily Mail" pays a tribute to Mr. Thomas's efforts to strengthen Im perial relations, and adds : ' His sup- cess as an organiser was shown at the recent Imperial Press Conference. The " Daily Telegraph" makes similar re ferences to Sir. 'Ihomas. The preliminary inquiry into the frauds committed by M. Alberti, Danish ex-Minister for Justice, has ivaen concluded; and shows that the de falcations amount to £8«<2,000. (In September, 1909, M. Alberti was ar rested oh « charge of having defrauded the Zealand Peasants' - pavings Bank, of which he was a director D- . At Vilua, in Western Russia, recently a revolutionary wounded General Pen- go. He was arrested and sentenced to death, aud en order to avoiu e-iocuui he committed suicide by tying a hand kerchief soaked in petroleum around his head and setting fire to it. Ho died in terrible agony. The Archbishop of York (Dr. Cosmo Gpedon Lang), preaching at Kingston (12 mies from London),, said that the Oliurch of England Men's Society now being establislicd in Australia would lie the means of solving many social problems . outside party politics. He ; regarded it as a probable means of strengthening the links of Empire. Many members of revolutionary soci eties are 'being arrested every day at Lisbon on charges of conspiring against - the monarchy. The police have i found incriminating documents and plans In the possession of the pri-. soners. The Committee of Ways and Means at Washington has authorised the pre paration of a resolution providing for a Congressional investigation into the high cost of living 'in the United States. j . Captain Scott, in ife course of a speech at a gathering in London, an nounced that he would start from England on his Antarctic expedition in June, and that the main portion of his ' journey . would be commenced in Pctaber of next year. He hoped to reach the South Pole en the 22nd of the following. December. A disastrous explosion occurred in the - Colorado ' Iron and Coal Corn- ' pany's mine at -Primero, -.in Colorado, in the west , of the United States. As a result US miners have been entomb ed, and all hope of their bebag extri cated alive has! beem abar-donud. Se venty dead bodies -have l.e.-n recovered from the mine. The bodies were all in one heap where the men had ibeen - struggling for air. The Constantinople correspondent of the "Morning Post" declares that great uneasiness prevails in Turkish official circles owing to the convoca tion of the Greek National Assembly. Turkey has decided to take extreme measures in the event of Greece's ac cepting deputies from Crete. The British Olympic Council is with out information respecting the Olym pic games fixed to be he'd at Athens next April. There is an Impression that the fixture will not take place owing to the political unrest in Greece. The leading members pi the new Cabinet formed in -Greco are M. Dragouhiis, Premier and .Minister for Finance ; M. Gorbas, Minister for Wat! : M. . Iv'allergis, Minister for Foreign Affairs. , ' Rear- Admiral- Douglas Gamble, of the' British navy, has resigned the po sition of superintendent in the reor ganisation of the Turkish" fleet. His health has become impaired owing to the climate .of Constantinople dis agreeing with him. The New York correspondent of the " Daily Telegraph " states that the American Bankers' Association has al located £200,000 , for a so-called cam paign of education to defeat the Uni ted States Government's proposal to establish post -office savings banks. Mr. Meyer, Secretary of the Treasury, says he believes that millions of dollars now sent to Europe might be retain ed if immigrants cou!d be. convinced that American banks are safe. The steamer- Wakefield, which has been chartered to make a further search for the Blue Anohor liner War- atah (missing since July 2G last), reached. Durban from England on Jan uary 28. She will leave on her mis sion as soon as she. has discharged her cargo. Sir John Tavcrner, Agent General for Victoria, is arranging for a shipment of medical comforts for possible Wariitah survivors. He is also trying to get a doctor to accom pany the Wakefield. The United Mine Workers' Wages Scaie Committee at Indianapolis, in Indiana, U.S.A., has rocommi-nded Live suspension ui bituminous coal-mining on Aprii i unless a Id per cent, au- ; vance in wages, as well as other .de- | mands made .,y the miners be granted. J Eighty labor exchanges have been ! opened in Great Britain. The Franco - v ;Jia'dian commercial treaty has been ratified. The Reichstag at Berlin has ado) 'ted the German - Portuguese commercial 'treaty-., ' . The final official estimate of - Argen tina's wheat crop is 18,000,000 quar ters, -of which i .1,900,000 quarters will be available for export. A non-commissionea officer and three artilhrymc-n of the Si. Petersburg Guard -have bei.-n sentenced to terms of imprisonment ran ring from four years to two years for stealing ob solete field picci- and selling it as old metal. The Powers are conferring with re-, g-ai'd to Turkey and Greece An explosion occurred in a. colliery at Drakesbro', in Kentucky, -and en tombed. 40 miners. Twenty dead bo dies have already been recovered from the mine. The 'boards of aldermen of New York and Chicago are considering Bills to provide for the eompulsory stamp ing upon frozen produce' of the dates when the latter are first placed in the cold stores, the idea being to. prevent the selling of old food. Mr. Abe Bailey, a well-known South African ! mining magnate, speaking at a meeting of -the Union Club at .Jo hannesburg; urged an "extension of the employment of, white labor iui the South African mines. The Union Go vernment, he declared, must initiate a scheme for the closer settlement of land by white people, the scheme to provide for compulsory sales iti order to attract people to the land. The Boar-d of Trade recently invited the Nottingham manufacturers, through their Chamber of- Commerce, to ex press an opinion as ; to the probable effect of the new French Customs du ties on hemp and cotton- yarns. The Chamber replied that as the French duties previously levied on these arti cles were prohibitive, thus completely killing the British export trade to France, it mattered little that the -bur den had been incroaised. The Chamber declared that French yarns were al lowed t0 enter Great Britain, and were already selling in larcr-- quantities- to the detriment of the home traders. Mr. Marshall, member for East El gin (-Ontario) in the Canadian House of Commons, recently sent a circular to 5000 persons in his constituency in viting answers to questions regarding the naval defence, of .the Dominion!. Of those who replied 64 per cent, express ed themselves in favor of Sir Wilfrid L-aurier's proposals, while the majority expressed a desire for direct contri bution (in money or Dreadnoughts) to the Imperial Admiralty. ..'According to the Canadian Year Book for 1905 Ontario has 86 electorates, each re turning one -member to. the -Dominion House of Commons, and of -these elec torates ' East Elgin ranks -seventh from th« bottom of the list in point, of po pulation'.) ! The. steamer-' ro'Xli >«». 3R29 tdns, 'belonging to the British India' Strem- sh'p Company, is missing. She left M-iuritius for Colombo . on. January 10, and' is long overdue. . She. had Ion board 10 ' Euvopoan and 70 native passengers. Germany threatens to retaliate if the French Senate confirms the in creases of duties, which are conk dered to be 'directed against German indus try. The death is announced of Sir George Alexander Drummond, presi dent of the Rank of Montreal, director of the Canadian-Pacific Railway Co.. "nd member of the Canadian Senate He was born in 1820, and was. for many years IX nrominrnt figure in Ca nadian political and financial life. i The Govrtmment and merchants of Jamaica have informed the British and Canadian trade commissioners that it is impossible for Jamaica to grant Canada any preference. If she did so; the United. States would at once retaliate, and that would ruin the banana growing industry in Ja maica. The Jamaicans suggest as an alternative, tKe establishment of a fast subsidised steamship service be tween Canada and Jamaica as the iiest means of developing trade be tween the two countries. The London newspapers publish la-u- 1 ' datory notices of the late Sir Oh- arles ;Todd, of Adelaide. ( The Court of New Jersey has ap- j loin ted a receiver fpr- the Mexican I National Packing Co., which has sus- j ixinded payments for the time being, ! and which, has liabilities to the amount of. £7,000,000. The appoint- 1 ment of a receiver has been rendered necessary by the temporary tylng-np, of many of the company's resources in oonse :ueuce of the recent suspension of the United States Banking Company in Mexico City. The packing coin; pany will, however, continue business as usual. -The bonds, stocks,, and debts of the Mexican National Pack ing Company are mostly held in Eng land. The Probate Court is now ihvestiga- t'ng the claim, put forward by -Mr. Ernest Saekvilic-West to the Sackvillc ; pci ra. e n-.w held, by his cousin, Lionel Snc'-'viPe Tied. The ol a in tiff put. in : certaiii letters as evidence that the late l.ord Sac'tville acknowledged. THE ACCOMPLISHED DAUGHTER OF KAISER BILL. plaintiff's mother to bo his lawful, wife. To the Port of London Act is ap pended the following schedule of pro posed maximum charges per ton for goods entering the port : - Antimony 2/, ore 8d.; copper 2/, matte 10d., ore S'd. ; lead 6d., ore 4d. ; tin 2/, ore 4d. ; s|ielter 6d. ; wolfram, -fid. ; zinc od., ore -Id. ; bones, 1/ ; horsehair, 2/6 ; hoofs, 6d. ; horns, 2/6 ; hides, -dry 1/, wet 6d. ; leather, 2/ ; wool, 1/(3 ; sheepskins, and rabbit skins, 1/6 ; bark, 1/ ; gum, 2/ ; hemp, 1/6; hops,. 3/ ; pear'shell, 3/ ; tallow, 2/ : honey, 2/6 ; wheat, : barley, oats and peas, 6d. ; flour, 1/ ; apples, pears, oranges, grapes 'and dried, fruits, 2/ '; fruit pulp, 3/ ; butter", 2/6 ; cheese,' 1/6; frozen and tinned meats, 2/ ; poultry, 2/6 ; - woodblocks, 4d. The following charges also appear in the schedule : — Win- s and spirits, in bulk 1/ per 100 gallons, in bottles Id. per dozen quarts; specie, gold 2d., silver 6d. per £100. The above charges are for -the upkeep of the port, and . are irrespecti ve of and additional to- dock charges. The new House of Commons contain among its members 125 barristers, 56 landowners, 51 manufacturers,. 45 sons of peers. '41 military, officers, and 38 journalists, which accounts for 350 out of the. 670 . members. A Nicaraguan court-martial has ac quitted General Medina. and„ iothers against whom charges, were' .laid 'in ' connection, with the execution df- Messrs. Groce -and Ca-n-non, two Ameri-' can subjects, who were accusod - of having assisted the Nicaraguan revo lutionaries. Eleven Sicilian members oi the So ciety of- the Banana, who wore arrest ed at Toledo, in Ohio, U.S.A., last June, have ibeen sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from two years to 16 years for having Conspired to use the United States mails to extort money from . Italians residing 'in. . Ohio and Indiana. , This is the first success-, ful prosecution of adherents of the no torious " -Black Hand." organisation. During „ debate on the military esti mates in the Reichstag at Berlin Herr von Oldenberg member of tho. Con servative Party an-d an ex - Oavalry officer), in deprecating ,a public, dis cussion. of army details as. inimical!;, to - discipline, raised', a storm - remark ing . that the Kaiser must - be' able: to !eay to any lieutenant " Take ;10 men add shut ' tho Reichstag up."- The Vice-Presioent, ' replying to protests from," the; Socialists, said he interpreted Herr von Oldenberg's 'remark- ' as im plying that' a soldier- must 'obey - to the uttermost a command issued by - his war lord. Herr von Oldenberg as sented to this interpretation, but the Deputies belonging to several parties contended that the Reichstag had been insulted. . The value- of the United . States-, im ports during 1909 amounted to £295, 104,041, an increase of £7-1,000,000- compared with the %ures for 190S, while that of .the exports totalled £345.476.621, a decrease of £5,000,000 for the year. M. Renkin, the Belgian Minister for tho Colonies, announces, tho cessation of forced lalyor in the Congo. The persons responsible for the bungling in conm-ctio with the execu tion of Muvalckar Sultaneli at Teheran havp been severely punished. A British naval expedition landed at Jask, on the Persian coast, n few days ago, and after marching inland for seven hours discovered a gunnery de pot. The expedition captured hun dreds "of rifles, revolvers, and bayo- fleis, and destroyed . quantity of gun- powder. In a fight with' the men J guarding- the depot three Alghans" were ; killed. The Pri.'iK! Minister, Mr. Asquith, has gone io the south of France tor a thort holiday.. A Hindoo passenger by the s.s. Svd- ney, from Marseilles, whs recently 'ar rested in Bombay. He carried a re volver and perseri prion's for making bombs, in addition to a numlter of ! seditious pamphlets. 'Ihese a-rticles ! were concealed in a false-bottomed' box. The Hindoo was yesterday sen tenced' to 2-J- years' imprisonment for' having imported arms- without g license authorising him to do so. A lire occurred in the premises of Messrs. Morris and Son, tobacco man ufacturers, and several adjoining houses in High-street, -Wliitechapel. Al though 70; fire engines were engaged in coping with the outbreak, the flames were not subdued unti, damage esti mated at £100,000 had been caused. As a result, of the conflagration 400 operatives have been thrown out of work. Speaking, at a banquet held in Lon don in honor of the Kaiser's birth day, the German Ambassador said his countrymen were peace-loving, and without a thought of war for attain ing their national aims. Thev had cast no longing eyes , on territory for settling si'rolus population, for emi gration from Germany had declined to an insignificant figure, as the' people required employment at home. They therefore depended to a. large extent upon their exports. No. market was, gained by brute force, but' peaceful eonouest of trade!,.was accomplished by intellectual industry, skill! and know- let Ve.' . Fqr .the protection of her great- and growing- commercial in terests Germany was building a fleet in imitation of other nations, but she had no wish to rule the seas, and she, threatened nobody. Since she was without anv intention' of compering for the supremacy of the sea it was unreasmable to suppose that she 'sought to-become involved in a naval ouarrel.. a - ' '- -'destroyer Kd-n, which was' re- ceiytK- ' st-ended d'-rb-g g storm at Dover, has been refloated: The Roman Catholic Cathedral at Westminster will be consecrated on June 28 next. The cost of the struc ture has already been defrayed. . The Greenwich Observatory has se cure; a photograph ot the new comet. Many persons in London observed the comet at about sunset yesterday; - It-s tall was from', .lodeg. . to . 20deg. in length. ' ' : ' " ' ' ! The Duke of Argyll will unveil the London - 1 memorial to the late Mr. Richard Scddon on the 10th inst-. The Oxford versus Cambridge Uni- versity boatrace has-, been fixed for Maircli 23. ' The Berlin correspondent . of the "Daily Mail'" states that the official number oc men employed in the Ger man dockyards is now 23,908, com pared with 19,869 in 1902. American statistics set out thae New York is now the leading seaport- of :thc world. The registered tonnage entered at New York during 1908 was 12;15'1,780 tons, being an' increase o' 56 2-5 per cent, over the tonnage en tered in 1S9.8. The ." J)aily Tele-'-ranh " declares there is a considerable likelihood of - THE KING AS A SPORTSMAN. His Majesty Shoo.ring at Sandringliam. ,ln the photograph are seen with the King; (neoding from left to right) a IperVwHt.a retriever ; - the, King's agent;,, who takes; '.instpuctio'iis ; feomi ' . !8 -?l and P":. tHo!. hpse concerned a Boy carry cartries: ; .1 attdfai'oaderi. ' . . ir. IR. vB. Haklane-: (Secretary, of Su-.te . for m/displrtcing- Regifeald jll V? Kenha 'as- First Lord, of 4ho Admiral1 ty. ' ' _ The trial of tho Hindoo youth Gup ta, for the murder of Sham Vula'am. a. Mohammedan inspector in the Crim inal Invustigatlion Department- afc Cal cutta, was concluded on Tuesday. Th:;- prisoner, who- refused legal assistance ih the conduct of his defence, was found guilty and 'sentenced to. dbath. The- builders are anxious, to launch the first destroyer for the Common wealth navy, as soon as possible after the 7th Inst. In a -New York police- court on Tuesday " Jack " Johnson,- the cham pion pugilist of the world, was com- i mitt-cd- for trial on a charge o-f hav ing assaulted a negro in ii bav-room.' j Th(v accused's lawyer alleged that tlvi case had been concocted with the in- ! tention of preveniing the Johnson- Jeffries boxing match. Johnson was , admitted to bail of 1000 dollars ' (about £200) The arrival of 200 Indians month'y 1 at Sail Francisco has caused the As- j iatic Exclusion League in that city tn draw .attention to the steady incnas;; in the influx of colored aliens. There are now. 10,000 Indians in CaUVrnkv, ! Four sub&wli;!-"d Gcvman steamship I knt-s are oils-ring to Lake carbo to- i l;ri..sh So'itl't Airier, from rioiitkauip- j ton, Kv.-rpoo!, London, or Glasgow j at 5/ a ton below the- nates fixed by ! tho conference of British lin-es. The- ) Germans state that this is done by way o; retaliation for the action of' 1 the Union-Castki line in loading, steamers at Ant werp and Hamburg. .lor Gorman East African ports. As- a result of this German- competition a fierce freight war is threatened. 