"THE RISING TIDE." The Little Englander who imagines that England will always do the man ufacturing for the world, that the col onies will always accept the dictates of Great Britain, and that there is no danger of starvation for the multi tudes of the British Islands, is doomed to speedy disillusionment. Still more foolish is the Little Englander who would populate the colonies with the alien races, for, if Australia becomes an appendix of Asia, the greatest pil lar of the Empire of the future will be irrevocably lost. Australia is needed, as a field for immigration. In South, Africa the presence of an inferior race, in Canada the climate, make life , hard for the white settler. Here | there are no such obstacles. According to, the statistics of the Commonwealth at the end of 1906 we find that out of a total area of 1,903, 731,840 acres only 87,247,790 acres x>r 4.58 per cent, were absolutely alienat ed. and 1.86 per cent, of the total was in progress of alienation, 39.12 per cent was held under lease, and 54.35 per cent, unoccupied. In New South Wales, with a total acreage of 198,638,080, 16.36 per cent, was absolutely alienated, 8.08 per cent in progress of alienation, 62.54 per cent held under lease, and 12-30 per cent unoccupied. In Victoria 40.86 per cent, was ab solutely alienated, 638 per cent in progress of alteration, 29J>A per cent., held under lease, and "52.71 pet 'Cent, -unoccupied. ' The unoccupied land in these two States is practically useless for Jndud trial purposes/ \- In the two leading States and Tas mania all the land that can be utilised for agricultural and pastoral purposes is alienated In some way or other. The people are crying out for land on which to raise food for themselves and their families and they cannot get it. So great is the land hunger that when ever a small block of land—a hundred acres or so—of any use at all for ag ricultural purposes is thrown open for selection the number of applicants exceeds a thousand. The pick of the land Is occupied by large squatters for grazing purposes, and the small farmer, who should have the best, is settled.on the meagre add poor areas. This great evil does not exist in so aggravated a form In other States. The evil can be lessened and become gradually removed by a proper sys tem of land taxation, continued com pulsory repurchase, and no further granting of freeholds. However, the comparison of our population capacity with that of Great Britain shows clearly that when manufactures are firmly established here. so that we are independent and self-reliant, and the land iB thrown open, a steady stream of. emigration - must ensue. If the other British pos sessions likewise make themselves self-reliant the 'inhabitants of Great Britain must emigrate, for the popu lation is beyond the means of subsist ence when Britairj'p manufacturing and trade monopoly is gone. That this must come eventually is foresee11 by every British' and Imperial states man. and then the Empire, Instead.of being, so to speak, dominated from one little Island, will become a con federacy of equally powerful States. The Australian States desire emlgra- | tion. and if they are sincere in their desire and wish in their, pursuit of its attainment, they will establish manu factures, and make themselves com mercially and - economically Independ ent of Britain. The great possibili ties of Australia, its capacity to hold so enormous a population, constitute one of the main reasons why it is a suitable place for socialistic experi ments. The other reasons I will just summarise, and later I will discuss some in more detail. (1). There is the richness of Aus tralia and its variety of resources— agricultural, pastoral, mineral, and marine—which make it possible for I us to aspire to complete economic in r dependence. 1(2). We have been so far fairly suc cessful in maintaining racial purity, ■, and hence a community of feeling and aspirations. (3). We have community of lan guage, religion, education, and poli- i tical system. j (4). We have natural environments ' which stimulate exertion and enter-: prise, which call for men of action, i and whose repleteness in scenic beau- ! ties is ennobling to the mind. i (5). We have already developed a marked tendency towards Socialistic ideals, and have gone further in the direction of Socialism than any other nation in the world. Our people are, therefore, not inheriting individualis tic and selfish instincts to the same extent as those of other countries. (6). We have unconsciously piled up an enormous national debt, which can only be effaced by a complete breach with the present economic tem; to repudiate it would be dis honest, but a refusal to borrow again on similar immoral terms, and a sus pension of payments until a juster ar rangement has been arrived at may become an economic necessity for which complete national unity,Js es sential. ' (7). Our Isolation reduces the dan ger of outside interference by adja cent States, and-the necessity of modelling our schemes on designs dic tated by them. j (8). Our need for population heces-1 sitates that we should hay? precau tions to give people proper oppor tunity and encouragement to establish homes. (9). The existence of powerful 1 countries of different race and differ- j ent idealB to the north of us demands national unity, and not social disorder j and internal Btrife. J -(10). The climatic mildness makes; this country an ideal one for the work ing class to rise in a general strike— If needs be—to attain their ends as they can live for a considerable part of the year in the open air and desert the cities altogether, and gather into concentration camps while on strike. (11). The awful lesson taught by the state of the English nation is a warning against commercialism and freetrade, whereas (12). TJie equally dreadful lesson of America, with her great manufactures and monopolies and political corrup tion, warns us against the Old Pro tection. To get a somewhat good idea of our. resources one must resort to the Commonwealth Year Book. , The pastoral Industry is one of primary importance to the.Common wealth,. for we have vast inland areas; well suited for grazing, with the aid of our artesian water supply and ir rigation, but not for agriculture. The fenormouB losses which our droughts Inflict can easily be minimised by a methodical system of water conserva tion, storing of ensilage, and co-opera tion between the pastoral is ts of differ-' ent areas in relieving one another in such a way that when one district is suffering severely some other favor ed district should open its arms to. the afflicted stock, and in the open ing up of railway lines to carry away the stock rapidly when death and. starvation stare it in the face. As the whole country has to bear the burden of opening up railway lines and of Binking artesian wells and con structing.irrigation works it is but fair that the advantages derived there from should not accrue mainly to a body of land monopolists and com-; mercial bouses. The system which ensures this result is based on class legislation far more than the one pro posed to enable all men to share alike in the gains and losses. If the small man must light bis own battles it follows as a logical consequence that the great pastoralist should con struct his own railways and his own irrigation works. But our motto is against this selfish struggle, being "All for all." i The importance of the pastoral in i dustry may be seen from the following ' comparison of the wool imports into j Europe and North America for 1906: I From Commouwealth From From La aud Cape Good Plata, Ar : New Zealand. Hope. fcentine, I Bales 1,833,000 .. 238,000 .. 487,000 j The great value of Australia's ex ' ports of pastoral produce is indicated by the following table:.— Frozen Mutton" Frozen Wool. and Lamb. Beef. Drought Year, 1902. £12,744,463 ..£543,422 ..£1,059,828 Good Year, 1906. £22,645,769 £1,095,120 £434,455 (Quoted from Statistics, p. 280) The value of our exports of pastoral productions has in four years increas ed 80 per cent. The gain by this in crease in wealth has gone essentially into the coffers of the wealthy. Pov erty 1b as widespread, and wages al most , as low among the working classes to-day as they were in 1902— | a fact which shows... the wsa.kness Of our system; and now", when bad years are approaching, all the losses that will come will be cast on the should ers of the working classes. ' The agricultural industry is another staple industry. Wheat, oats, bar-: ley, maize, potatoes, and hay are ! grown with great success throughout the Commonwealth. The agricultur ; lata are, however, placed at an enorm ous disadvantage In not getting the best land to. operate upon, and in be ing, through want of co-operation, at* the mercy of tire organised commer cial rings so that in good seasons they get little for their produce, and are, therefore, constantly. struggling with poverty. Fruits ' of the most varied description are grown within the Com monwealth, from the tropical banana and pomegranate, the paw-paw, pine apple, and mango of Queensland to the orange, Ispion, and peach of the warm temperate zone, and the typical' English productions of the South and Tasmania. The growth of co-oper ation between fruit growers wfll lead to a great uprising ih the fruit indus try. North Australia can produce In addition tobacco, coffee, sugar, rice, cotton, tea, cocoa, and rubber, some of which are already grown on a large scale, and in time all will be. Lake wise, the whole of coastal Australia is. admirably adapted for profitable bee keeping. | The dairying industry has advanced [with great strides, and has become more profitable to the small man tin the land than any other industry. This is largely due to the adoption from the inception of the industry of the Danish syBtem of co-operation. But in this industry, as in all others re ferred to, there 1b need of greater co operation and organisation to safe guard the interests of the producer, and this can be greatly assisted by, further State' isupervision of trade. The timber industry is one which' needs careful supervision, and which1 has been disgracefully neglected in. the past The subject of forest com sevation and reforestation has re ceived but little attention in the past, and the supervision of timber getters by CrQwn rangers has been so slack i, that vast quantities of cedar and other valuable timbers have been cut down by timber getters before they had as sured themselves of means to remove them, so that in all our Bcrub thous ands of valuable logs lie rotting. Our timber resources are vast, and worth careful attention and supervision. Our present system is productive of reck- I less waste in this industry as in all others. Our piscatorial life is marvellous for its prolific richness, but th? tsh ing industry is as yet in an undevel oped state, and is characterised ,by reckless waste due to absence o: can ning works and the consequent pos sibility of the Greek fish vendors keeping a monopoly of the fish mar ket. The hardworking fisherman, through our commercialistic system, is creating wealth for the foreign dis tributor, whereas -he himself lives in abject poverty. The fisherman gets almost nothing for his goods—but the public pay through the nose. The mineral wealth of Australia is proverbial, but is largely neglected because of the wretched greed of the mine owners who distribute dividends recklessly without putting by a re serve fund for development and pros pecting when a lode pinches out-, and . to the dishonest practices of th? cap italists and Bharebrokers which dis courage all honest effort toward3 leg itimate mining. The coal mining in . d us try is a monopoly, and the winner ; of the black mineral lives in compara I tive poverty whilst the phareho.aer, \ who does nothing, dwgll3 jin a man sion. Careful thought on , the question leads one bgiyto th^nuiTletion, that' all mines should be national isec. and worked op methodical lines for the ' common welfare pi the community. The resources of Australia, so a?' and important.",are crippled hi laat .economic system which leads t» al" thosp -abuses that I hp-ve discussed In the chapter' dealing with our social environment. Wealth creates w -alth to its possessor, work creates poverty' for the worker. We have in Sydney the idlers I'.^Ing In mansions In Darling Point, and th; ■ workers inhabiting Blums on Sjrrj Hills and the Rocks. Those who cre ate tl\e misery of their fellow man; are treated with distinction, and those' ! who have helped to produce the" ; wealth and happiness of -their social superiors are reduced to miser- and scorn. This condition of affairs is not conducive to greatness, nor -TO make our civilisation lasting; fortun ately the people are realising that facL Our manufacturing industries, c.fim i ulated by a high tariff, are making , great progress, but the same unheal 1 thy conditions exist as in our civ'. Leed I countries where the same economic system prevails, and the conseqv. met is disturbed labor conditions,- strikes, ! and indus&Jal; disputes. But vr- are beginnin^fotreallse the -causes" which operate tp"ypqpdupp ~th£se_,bad'/effects, and the feeding lirfavor of a tphauge is' growing: '/ ' V "v It is often, said that Australia is a country'with an Eastern destiny. This is only true so far that Australia is a country with an' Australian destiny. This country is great enough, b-^anti ful enough, resourceful enough, and f tyelelve wise enough to evolve iuto a homogenous people animated 1: tV "New Spirit"—a people as d!-ui;:ct from the present European In atpira tions and character as the Chinaman. But in the sense that we ar* de stined to become dependent on the Mongolian races, a colored and mixed, Kjce, a slave-owning -rape, or « sub set lent race, the statement utterly de:. d by present tendencies, though In - - pitalistic circles' thfere lu rks a des to mkke -our " country a cMony of " Aern Asia. We ,have our des- j tlni ; in our own hands; therefore, | let i -• act wisely and endear or to maintain racial purity, and to estab lish absolute justice and equality cf, opportunity. 