The Dowager Queen. , SOME PERSONAL NOTES. As the late King typified in the minds of Englishmen the ideal man of the world/ so' Queen Alexandra is enshrined in the hearts of millions as. the ideal woman. Hers is the greatest sorrow to-day. He whom she has cared for for 47 vears. the Dartner in her iovs and previous sorrows, has passed away and left her. There is no solace for the widow; nought that can be said will heal the wound. The Dowqgef Queen will have the heartfelt sympathy, of mankind, and especially of her people, whose aspirations she has kindled and whose ideals she has expressed. But all the world cannot atone fp,r- her per sonal loss. , ' ' ' ' ''?' A romantic element, seldom encoun tered in royal alliances, added imr inensely to the popularity of the mar riage of Prince Edward and the young Princess Alexandra. The Prince was 20 years old, good looking, with win ning manners, an interesting personal ity and great prospects. The Princess was a girl of 18, with singularly win some grace, great beauty, and a mag ical lrindheartedness, the eldest daugh ?» — ? ?-? ?? » w j ui uvum-uviu *u iruivii simple joys and tasks -were given all. It is said that the young Prince had been shown by one of bis friends a portrait of the Prin cess when a girl of sixteen, and that he was so fascinated that he rebelled against negotiations then tentatively opened for an alliance with the daugh ter of a German sovereign. Be that ag it may, the Prince's journey to Ger many in 1861 was taken for the pur pose of seeing Princess Alexandra. The first meeting was quite informal — . pretendedlj'/ casual — taking place in the Worms Cathedral, whose beauties the Princess and her father Prince Christian of Denmark, were at that time studying. They next meir-at the home of the Crown Princess' '61 Prussia, 'at' Heidelberg, and then in the palace of King Leopold of Bel gium, where the* betrothal took place. It was kept a family secret for two months, and then announced in the 'Gazette.' England gave an en -thusiastic welcome to the Princess when she came to London, three days before her wedding, and the affection then showered on her by a nation has increased yearly with fuller evidence of her, fiJi0 character and personal charm. ' .. - : ?-'?? f As Prjncess of, Wales Alexandra ful filled an' important part in English life, for Queen Victoria never tully emerged from her ' retirement after the Prince Consort's death. The sum of 100,000 kronen, about £8,000, had been given her by the Danes as a people's dowry, and she showed her interest in charity, which has been one of her ruling passions, by. . giving^ 10,000 kronen of this to the Dahis'h hospitals. ? ' She- also presented money from her private purse to -Danish brides who were married on her wed? ding day. Even- good cause has had her sympathy. r During the Jubilee pelebratiqng she uavp largely for din-- liers for the poor, and frequently she visited humble homes and ministered to the sick, and talked in homely way with the mothers. Her interest in the work of the Salvation Army has led her to donate large sums to re lieve the pressure of life in the con gested parts of London, her personal I friendship . for General Booth being evidenced by his frequent calls at ?Buckingham Palace. In 1905, when distress was unusually acute in Lon- i don, she led a movement with a gift ! of £1,000, a movement which grow to national proportions. Another- popu- lar movement was the publication ' at Christmas, in 1903, of her photographs, whereby many thousands of pounds , were obtained for charity. The Dow- ' ager Queen takes a great interest in | housing and immigration problems, and has done much for the encourage ment of domestic arts. Of all her de corations she values most her Red Cross as Prioress of the Order of St. John, of Jerusalem. As a mother Queen Alexandra ap pealed to the hearts of British wo men. . In her own childhood, spent in a home where money was not plehti* ful, she had learned the simple- tasks of a home, and at Frogmore and Sandringham she reared her children in isimikr. manner. Her , daughters learned,' 'as their mother. had, how to ' make their own clothes' and to cook. ' Her affection for her children is such that she is not happy without one of them by her side. . When she appears . in p'ublic,'. Princess' Victoria is, always ' witfl. ipr. Queen Alexandra; .leligaw in the company.' of children, :and\ the iamdlv of King 'George is frequently with her. , ; ? The people's .affection r for the Dow ager Queen, which was given singular expression at the celebration or her ? silver wedding in 1888, and has been ( proved many times- since,- has assured , her an -pver cordial welcome ? on ' the ' London streets.' ? Her singular 'beauty and graciousriess, her unfailing tact, I her exquisite taste in dress— followed ,by fashion throughout the. English 'speaking world— all have impressed the popular ' imagination. She fre quently has worn a, sad expression of late years, but her beauty is. .wonder- fully preserved,, and her appearance is still that of a young woman. Of late she has made yearly visits to her fa vorite sistery tlje, Powagfy. ^rapress 6f Russiii, apd her'oId'Danisli home. At th'e7time of her marriage the -House of Commons settled a gum of £30,000 upon her in the event. of her surviv ing the King, and this was lately in creased to £70,000. t The nation will , doubtless now press further gifts upon her,' for there is no more beloved fig' ure in English lif^ than, tha$ of the' Dowager Queen'. V' ''' ' ' . There' have been few Dowager Queens ' of ' England.* The. last was the widow of William TV., who' sur vived her husband' by eight years, 