The fatuous Immigration Policy ? - ? The immigration policy of this and other Australian States has received two doubtful- 'advertisements wi'thin the last few days. Yesterday, we published a cablegram, announcing that the Swedish newspapers had printed a warning by Count Morner, Cr-n cul-ClpTi f»rn'l in Svdnev. against Swedes proceeding to Au-: ' tralia and New Zealand, as the d ffi culties in the way of providing em ployment are now greater than they were last year. To-day, we publish another cablegram, in which it is sta ted that the Danish Ministry for Foreign Affairs has issued a notice, Hissnadino- Danes from nroceediisf to Australasia, 'as the difficulties of subsistence there have increased con siderably.' The warning should give our legis lators food for grave -reflection. No patriotic Australian will' object to a rush' of desirable immigrants, provi ded conditions are favorable for their recepti'on. But the conditions are , unfavorable. That's the rub. . If Britishers or foreigners aire invited to come here, they should at least Ijc given a true idea -of -the conditions which prevail, 111 order that they can weigh the whole thing carefully be fore deciding to seek their fortune in a new land. But in many cases the reverse is the case. Immigrants aire enticed to Australia by means it false pretences. Many of these un fortunate people, deceived by the lies circulated in regard to the amount of land available, and the demand for labor, conjure up visions of a land of plenty during the voyage to Aus tralia. But they arc soon disillu sioned, and instead of becoming hap py and contented settlers, they arc thrown upon the labor market, and eventually forced to work for a mere pittance. Scarcely a week passes without some immigrants becoming stranded, and. it is a wonder that the warnings, issued by. the Swed ish and' Danish Consuls in Sydney, were not published long algo. ; To in vite men to come to this State, under the pretence that there; are 18,000,000 acres of land awaiting settlement, is almost criminal in its stupidity. And the hypocrisy of the whole thing is that the people responsible for the false pretence (would turn up 'their eyelids at the mere mention ,of the confidence trick, '? Australia suffers greatly by' com-' parison with Canada in the matter of immigration. Canada waints men, and it gets them in large .numbers every year, because it provides .for them and '.makes good'; its promi ses. Australia wants men badly. It entices them 'out by means of false pretences, . and leaves them stranded. That is the difference ' between Can ada's sane policy and our own, stupid imnyigration policy. New South Wales, as well as the other States, vaults immigrants to,, fill the was:e spaces. But it must first make ths land, accessible to our own people. When' the local .land hunger is ap peased, we will welcome desirable immigrants from abroad. ?.Then will .be , the time to push forward an : ac tive, comprehensive immigration 'pol- icy. 