THE CHURCH IN DENMARL Its Story, THE PE OGRESS OF THE LAST 50 YEARS A. German correspondent of the 'Catholic Standard' says that recently the Right Rev. John von Eudi, 'Vicar-Apostolic of Denmark, celebrated his golden sacerdotal jubilee. To commemorate tho happy event the Society of St. Atisgar, to which nearly all the Ca tholics of Copenhagen belong, published a beautifully-illustrated 'Festskrift,' ? con taining a sketch ot tho jubiJannn and a complete history of the Catholic Church in Denmark during tho last 50 years. Tho au thor, Father Motzlcr, S.J., translated tho greater part of his work into Gorman for flic 'Katholik,' of Mainz, from which wo gather tho following- facts about tho Bishop nnd his vicai'iate: , Bishop von Euch was a countryman of Windthorst's. ? Ho was born in Meppon (Hanover), January 2.1,- 1834. After gradu ating from the gymnasium of 'his native town, ho studied philosophy and theology at Munster, in Westphalia, an'd at Mainz. After receiving the sub-dtsaconship 'his delicato health obliged him to interrupt his studios for a while, and ho became private tutor in the family of CoiVht Joseph StolborgStol berg, of 'Westhoim, the founder of the Boni fatius-Yerein. In .'.185.9 ho entered,. tho. now ly- establishod sominary of Osnabruck, and was ordained priest on January .18, '.1860. ? Mis first appointment was to a curacy, at. St. Ausgar's, in Copenhagen. In .1.8 (54 ho' was made pastor- of the Catholic congregation in Fredericia:, Jutland, a post ho' occupied till his promotion to tho prefoctureship.1 . Few in Numbers and Without Influence. Whon tho young priest began his mission ary labours Mo Danish Catholics were few in numbers, and without influence. Of tho 1,608,302 inhabitants of tho country,- only .1240, or 0.77 for evory .1000 inhabitants, wore Catholics. -Thoy woro divided into two con gregations, and boasted of two .churchos. Until 00 years ago Mio penal laws of Chris tian III. woro still in force. Loss of citizen ship and exile woro tho usual punishments inflicted on the convorts to Catholicism. To tho honour of tho Danish raco it must bo said Mint many of its noblest sons proforrod to turn tho.lv backs on their country rathor than to cIoho thoir eyes |:o tho truth. Ono of the greatest naturalists and anato mists of all times, Bishop Niols Stenson, bo oomo a Catiholie, and- died in oxilp at Schwo rln in 168(1; Professor Winsloow, tho famous physician, .had to withdraw to Paris, whoro ho died, in 1700; and J'oergou Zooza, tho learned antiquarian and numismatist, spout his last. days in Uomo. Even in 'tho If) Mi century expatriations avovo no uncommon thing. In 1880 tho 'woll- known Protestant historian, Carl Hooffding, avus exiled on bo coming a O.wtli'6.Uc.( Father Motzlor givos n, characteristic instance of tho methods of the Danish Inquisition. In .1747, a servant girl of Frodoricia sought jind obtained Instruction In tho Catholic faith from tho Jesuit, Fntihora of Mint placo. As it was forbidden to booomo a Catholic in Denmark, sho travelled to Hamburg to be received into the Church, As soon as her conversion became known the A-vihole admin istrative and judicial machinery of tnc State v,:as sec in motion to outain au tno incus, w order to be able to punish someone; 2270 folio pages Avere devoted to tho affair — they may be consulted in the State archives' — and ijhe whole blame Avas laid at the door of ? the Jesuits. They. had to pay a heavy fine, their church Avas closed for a time, and they Avore given to understand that it avouIcI bo closed forever if their 'offence' was re peated. ., Signs cf Vitality. , . The Constitution of 1849 placed the Danish Catholics on an equal footing with their Lu theran fellow- citizens, and they, immediately began to sIioav unmistakable signs of A'ital ify. In ? .1.860 Pins IX. raised Denmark to the dignity of a Prefecture Apostolic, and, appointed a zealous an'd holy priest, Dr. Gruedor, first Prefect. Under him the con . Aorsions to the faith Avcro so frequent that the little body of Catholics Avas soon tripled. 'When he died, in. 1884, he left to his succes sor, Monsignor von Euch, moro 'than threo thousand Catholics and 10 churches. Monsignor von Euch, Avho in 1S02 became Vicar-Apostolic,- continued the good work, and success has crowned his efforts in -a very remarkable degree. On an average 200 por sens return /to the , Church every year. In .1008 thoexa'ct number -was 115 adults ana OS children. Amongst t-hoso are mon and women of tho highest rank, churchmen, sol diers, statesmen, financiers, scientists, au thors, artists. Turing tiio last 50' yoars '10 members of the iliighost nobility of tho land, at their head tho great statesman, Count Jo hann Ludwig von Hoi stein zu Ledroborg, on.i_~ rolled themselves amongst tho Catholics of Copenhagen nnd Mio provinces. In 10.10 the number of Catholics, excliinivQ of tho numerous Polish immigrants, amount ed to 7S7.l/or 3.04 for ovory 1000 of the total population of. 2,588,8.10.' Tho pastoral care is divided botweon 20 secular and 51 religious priests. Thoro arc 'eight orders of mon, Avitili, 1.4 houses and .124 members, and seven, orders of, Avomon, Avitlv 35 houses and 440 members, engagod in various church, school and charitable work in Don mark. In 1.S60 thoro wore two Catholic schools in all tdio Danish possessions; to-day tho. Catholics point Avith just pride to 20 primary schools, four high schools for girls, ono intermediate 'arid commercial school, and ono college. The collogo of tho Jesuits in Co penhagen is ono of tho Best schools of its kiiid in tho country.^ It is attended by'1.04 Catholic and .134 1'rotostant pupils. ' Tho schoM of the Sistors of St. Joseph, in Uoyk jnvik, Iceland, is. patronised by bho first Pro testant families of tho island. 