HEW SETTLERS. m'kenzie-mead mission SANGUINE ANTICIPATIONS. INTERVIEWS AT VANCOUVER. (By Our Special Commissioner.) . VANCOUVER, November i. Before the Minister for Lands cm- larked this morning on the Makura 1 asked him briefly to review tho tour of Victoria's delegation. "My mind has received such a variety of impressions since we landed nt Naples last June." said Mr M'KcnzU. "that it is impossible to yet give you an adequate review. My predominant feeling is one of pleasurable surprise at our friendly receptions In Italy, in all parts of the United Kingdom and In America. Equally friendly was the reception given to Mr Mead In Den mark and Holland. "It Is surprising because, although tve did not go out to get emigrants of alt kinds. It is still a fact that wc have sought to take from the citizenship of other countries men of tlio most vaJu- ablo etui's. We do not know how the Italian authorities arc offictally regard ing our proposals, but the responsible men wo saw were quick to distinguish between our invitation to some of their people and a general immigration scheme. Wc have no reason to think that objection will he made to tho dis tribution' of our literature or to any eligible Italian taking advantage of our offer. "It was In ttie United Kingdom that the greatest Interest won shown. In my native land. Scotland, it mm particu larly marked: Roports from London show that the keen interest meant busi ness. Wo shall get some splendid men and women from the old country. I do nut hesitate to claim that by tho re sponse In the United Kingdom alone the main purpose of tlie delegation lias been achieved In a degree too that I had not thought possible when wo ,loft Mel bourne. "Do not forget that Europe to-day does not possess an . unlimited capacity :for supplying wealth to other kinds. Within ttie bounds set by our Govern ment, tn which wo strictly adhered, the limit of capacity is soon reached. Yet our advices show that there are more jHjople offering than Sir John Taverner rati find ship room for. pcrhujm 1 had a lurking idea before we started that suc cess might be de.ocndcnt upon our not being too particular. In actual fact, wc ; have been able to pick and choose. It won't bo because care and selection have not been enjoined If any of the new comers are disappointing. "If we expected opposition In Uho United Kingdom, with stronger reason we looked for it in America. Yet wo had none. It would have been different hud .wo. brqtijrirt to. a. country which is Importing people a proposition as widd as that presented in Europe. When It was understood Umt we asked only for two hundred families wlio.se heads ore export irrigators, with not less than £200 each, our raid on a population of ninety millions became too slight ty ex cite any resentment. It was regarded as a compliment that we should look'to America for experts. "1 find it difficult to express my thanks for numerous kindnesses to the spirited citizenship of the United States great Republic. President Taft and other statesmen and officials, profes sional and business jioople, and the press everywhere have placed us under obligations we can never forget. 1 should say that we have been success ful Jn America, and will not alter lhnt opinion. If the agents at Denver, Los Ange'.os, San Francisco and Seattle On not semi us people they will come all right. Victoria lias had an advertise ment such as Hho never had before In America, and Its effects wilt bo more far reaching than any of us can toll. My belief is that they will show themselves in closer Inter course, Industrial, cotmnerclnl and social, perhaps uiso political. For surely tlio Americans arc ttie natural allies of a British people. 1 would like lo say that it wan most pleasing to mo to find that Mr Elwood Mead was so well and favorably known in the United States, especially so where his work is manifest. "The greatest surprise was left to the Inst. We have seen more inquirers here at Vancouver than at «iny place since wo left England. It seems cer tain that wo are going to get a con siderable number of most dcclmblo seniors from Canada." Mr Mead, In compliance with a simi lar request, raid: — "There Is no doubt about our getting all the people wo expect. Everywhere we went Victoria's scheme was sub mitted to tho scrutiny of men experi enced tn Immigration schemes. They sny, without exception, thnt It Is' the best they ever saw, particularly be cause a man becomes a producer from ttie start. What wo have scon proves ait thnt is claimed for irriga tion, also thnt our people nro asked lo pay less for water thun any In the world. "Our problem now Is a soli problem. Wo have to consider what measures are necessary to gut humus Into our soil everywhere. Tho need of It Jn good cultivation Is realised. We'vo got lo fertilise. Dairying is an Im portant Industry, as It uhvays must bo In Victoria, but we liavo only three breeds of cows, none of which Is greatly favored. Where dairying .Is most successful tn Denmark It Is the Red Danish, lu England it Is ttie South Devon, and in America the Holsteln. Wo. must multiply our breeds and test them out to got. tho best. "I hopo tho work of the delegation will lead to a greater interest in their own resources on tho part of our own people. Every man who wants Irri gated land must get It. Wc arc going to have In Victoria a closer and better life for people In the rural districts. In creased revenue for the railways and increased incomes for the cities." 