WITH THE SCOTTISH COMMISSION. I WELCOME TO QUEENSLAND. Î I , The Scottish Commission alight from the train at Wallangarra. -"Courier" photo.. | WARWICK TO TOOWOOMBA. .FARMS AND FARMERS, AND CLIMATE AND SOIL. STRIKING SPEECHES. I ,_,_ [3îy Our Special Representatives.] i Ti on J'ridny there wira rather too miicli talk, mid not sufucient scope, a (folded for actual Avork, the balance* wa» more fairly adjusted on »Salui'dny. The IScoltish Com- missioners counted this the most inleresl .ing day they had had; and as Avili be seen' from their speeches, «he ppople they mel, the country tiley saw, and the farms they A'isited, together AVith the information they collected ¡Hade .1 deep impression upon .them. The social »side was not ab sent, Tiut the streams 'of local eloquence were held in restraint, and time"and faci- lities were afforded to the visitors to pur- sue their inquiries, and make their notes. In both these latter they ure indefatig- able ond thorough. Each'" member de- votes himself specially to .the department of investigation assigned lo him, while keeping an attentive eye and ear for general details, and in conversation with this or that farmer, note book iand pencil are frequently in evidence. To borrow a phrase from their national poet, Ithej- are so many " ehiels nimang us takin' notes," and there is reason to believe they avili also " prent them." Taking the day froin its start to its end..some valuable work was done, and warm recognition was (drawn from them of the great agricultural 'possibilities of the Darling Downs, the 'balmy softness of the climate, and the substantial work done by the pioneers who prepared the way for the prosperous farmers Of the present day. The visitors werfe' to have lett Warwick at 8.30 o'clock, andrmotored through various districts on their nvay to Toowooml»a,"lj.ut vo\ving tq^a^ heavj\>preeipitalion ¡«forain, bç.tw«f»n Allora' 'anti- Toowoomba ¿'.there .was- eo'rho ..delay. Sir-Arthur Morgan; aJod^Mr.«G.'i-'P. Barnes,! MJLTA., however, -lent their -assistance, and H difficulties were smoothed ' away. .'Messrs. Barnes, > D. » -S. Taylor. C. ¡H. Ward, and the. AVariviek Taxic'ah Co. furnished additional cars, mid the Com- missioners were'^nblo lo leave AVarwick -in comfort, and without,-further delay.. Others .veio provided for (in the special train which" conveyed thenu- tó 'Alloia, 'where they joined the delayed motor .cars, ami, accompanied by several. Allora resi- dents, went out to. meet . the Commis- sioners at Goomburra. .<"Assistance ?» here and hearty co-operation there- inmoved al! diftici.lties. and the tiny ivn3 not only ex-1' cecdingly enjoyable-as it could not well! have been otherwise, moving continual^' as the visitors were among beautiful' stenpry, fair stretches of cultivât ed laiid, .imid fields of waving emerald lined.wheat, prosperous homesteads, nnil.imupting .^at every turn the most kintllv attentions ¿ad the "most generous hospitality--bul it was ?filled with interest. Eight of Hie Com îr.Ueioncrs were taken through the dis- tricts of Freestone Creek, Alanvale, Goom- burra, and Allora. Four of them, Sir John Sinclair, Di*. Shirra Gjbb, and Messrs. Barber and Dunlop, who had been detached for the . Northern, tour, separated from their colleagues mt Warwick nnd were taken to West Talgai to se2 fhe settlement going on there.' Having con- cluded their investigations .lítete, aud col lecitt'd some valuable information on-the working of the share system, they joined the- moil train for Brisbane. . Their col- leagues'in {'he meanwhi'e pursued their inquiries in the distiicts ivhicluthey A'isited. They passed through miles and miles of glorious country, same of it freshened up and stimulated by the rain of the previous day, and none of ifc very Hil y, albeit'the farmers everywhere lwere »Jookjng eagerly for' seasonal sltqwers." It ¡wpúld not be easy to say, what part, .impressed* them most, Avhen the* Ivhole country-' side» pre- sented a series of picture"! rich in golom- ing, variously beautiful -in form, anti filled with thos3 features and interests which make up the practical side of rural life. The iirsl'halting place for any time AVOS at Goomburra,, whore the ladies lind pio vided moraine tea* in a most attractive form, jMnny Scottish residents came in lo meet the visitors, and one, at leiste of the latter confessed to his pleasure at hearing the Scotch tongue again. The .Goomburra people greatly Avanted the Commissioners to spend the remainder of the day'and'tlje night in the district. The Commissioners told them they woultl like to stay-indeed one Ayith some enthusiasm assured them that if he had not a nvife and family he would like to remain altogether. on' the Darlinz Downs- but time would not permit and afle'r a very pleisanl repast, a nuiried farewell' AVQS taken, and the cars were soon bpecding along the roads leading from tli3 beautiful .mel fertile Goonr'nirrj Valiey. Allora AIM« the nest stop pin,; place, and after lunch. t he 'Warwick resident.«, including Messrs. O. I'. Barnes and I''. Grayson, MIM.L.A., and the Mayor (Alderman Connolly), returned to their homos, and the "visitors pressed on to Clifton, and pacing through Nobby, Green Mount, Eatonvalo, and Drayton, ar- rived at 'the Club 'Hotel, Toowoomba, shortly befoie 7 o'clock. Mo-t of this journey was done by motor cam and cabs (supplied by the Toowoomba Taxicab Co., in charge of Mr. Hall. Between Nobbv and Greenmount there* had been *-ome rain oil the previous night, and the 1J' Irict Traffic 'Manager (W. Petford) thoughtfully delajed the special train 1-0 'as to have* ¡L avuil.uble if occasion rc .quired. It was deemed *-ater to du tills part of Hie journey byruil, una the* pai'y itocoi dingly abandoned "he cai^ and tra- velled in tlie'tram a» far as (Ireemiionnt. There they rejoined tin* cars, and the remainder of the join ney to Toowoon!'in, Avas done hy load. The rain had been A*ery considerate, but the visitors wet o not allowed to dcpait before some of the»n had had .1 little experience of a black noil roa<l after a good downpour. Befoie reaching Nobby a sodden patch was encountered, and two of the Com- missioners hud lo get out and help push their ear tfiiioug'li the mud. They rather enjoyed the Inn. and the road was not bad enough to turn the* comedy hilo tragedy. No further trouble Avas cciicriencetl, though liad it not been for the train ii good deni moro exercise of that liatnirc might have i had to lie done between Nobby and (»recn liiounl. * AT GOOMBURRA. Before leaving Goomburra , Mr. Greig warmly thanked their cu- ll auto ini*)rs for tflieir feintUv* liosDrtality. He said lie did not think until that day how very great this part | eiE Queensland was, and how important it was bound lo ibeeome. He did not think they realised the fertility of the soils, the beauty of the scenery, -and the prosperity of five settlers. <. They hutt now realised that'to some extent, and they weio pniticularly impressed ¡bv the balmy, healthy climate f/Thoie iveie fewcountties W-In'oh liad '. condition ? i-o per- fect, wJheie ¡J t'he -sunshine was »o' sweetly temtpered toy tile wind and other climatic influences. (Applause.) It was pleasant to »find so many. Scotch people theie to meet tHiem, and to hear the Scotch tongue' again. When they went back one of the "warmest, recoupe- rions of Queensland and Australia, generally .thal, thev would have " would be, of this forenoon in ¡Cioom'iiirrn. (Applause.) Mr!', J. T-, TodtUbriefly TenKHuled, and the pleasant "gathering; broke un with cheer« for the visitors5 and answering cheers from the latter" for fhb iieoplo of Goomburra. THE ViISITORS "AT A'DLORA. The visitois had a (l>o=pitoble reception at Allora at the hands of ¡the ¡Mayor (Alderman 'Ludgate) and the leading resi- dents. Liindlieon was provided at the Commercial (Hotel, and as at other places the Scotch thistle appeared ainons the table deeoratioiiSj and -lilie Scottish lion flag graced the walls. The laiulllady, Mrs. Goldsbj-, lest it should he tliic-ught Iliac sllie was unmindful of other national in- terests,-had the rose and the shamrock on either «ide of the Scottish ilowcr. Tlie .flat liad goncforth that the loquacity 'of Killarney was not to betremulatec},, and, the Mu-vqr cut downa alie- toast' list to r%Thq,.K|.ng','"nndoí/1IThp,,iVisitors.'''-siioThe former was allattrd" to ¿Mr. F. Grayson, M.LA., and'the latter he propped him- self. Ho Baicl he was sure it would be a great advantage that .these gentlemen from the old country should Pee ivhat we could' do here. Lecturers and Agents General had endeavoured to 'induce iriimi grants to come bete, but veny often their fctntements were looked- upon with sus- picion; and when people caine out and did not get on veiy well they did 'not send "glowing accounts home. The roport of these, gentlemen, however, would be receiyeTd without question, and he thought ,"the;r visit was the best thing that liad happened to Australia for many a daj'. (Hear, hear.) " We hear a »gioat deal of burbling upa big. estates, but Queensland had a very "big estate to burst up. (Laughter and " upplauseí) ' We should be onlj' too pleased to see as many white men .coming ,to Australia as the, steanicis could carry. (Appmuse.) "> Sir Ciirlaw Martin,' in' responding, said tiley' had had that morning a most charm- ing, opportunity "'of .viewing the world-fa 11110113 Darling Dovma. . He said "world- | u -. isa. fa uu »o ile. Bil i» ve»»» » famous because^ there was not the least doubt that in the old countrj if Any one spol e of Austrahi the singulailj fertile legion of the Dalling Donna nas the ilist and foiemost place in his thoughts (Applause J r By then own ejes thev had seen a (fan expanse of countty laid, out m a wny lot please the eje of the poet the paintei 01 the i fanner Lot them not dcspisCfoi ii* nionient the poet pi the paintei, because if he, saw the phj sical 01 pictonnl featuies of the countrj nero grind and majestic and' cnpnblc of stilling the imagination he saw a country that bl its» cm nomment must lune an effect upon those who In ed in it ftp plauso ) The Miyoi had touched upon the fact that Ansti ilia had'accommodation for mam millions of inhabitant« ¿Hear heal) Scotland was a ieii «mall countrj -he suppo ed it could be lo t in a part of Queensland, and nith difficitlti found again (Laughter) If thei Al opted to get the Scotsmen to como here he gatheied thej AI ere anxious to get hold of the Scot of the light lind (applause) There neie til o soits of Scots-the Scot ii ho ii us industrious tluifti, tenacious and eneigßtic, bent upon rising in the Ai oi Id, the Scot ii lib tn»d to t.ene his master lojallj md faithfulh and who intended Borne dai to be a ninstei lura self (Hen heai ) Ii would do Queens land no hann if the result of the infoima tion his colleagues and himself might spread m the Old Woild led to the (-ettie ment of a fen of their 1 insmen in then midst (Hen heir) This ivas mam festlj a lind of gleit o mortunit es It ins a lind presenting main di eisilie» of «oil, md ofloring the means of maní forms of cultui' sj that tile settle! might haï o the choice of the 1 md of occttp itioi ti ii Indi his tast» and his turning inclined lum Iii« colleagues and luniseff nero miling i sort of flung c\p!oiition of tlie countri Then tups it cr urnn el bvtlie Got ra nmentf, and thej itere [ledg d to the pio'Pimmo «el oiit foi them Pheiefore their Atoid-. had to be short and simp lie tlianl e I th- ic«idents willi ill his heul for the ho«-pit ihti thet hil shoiin them ind still moie for the un iff del 1 ndnes« tf the reception thei h d hid nheietci thei had moicd in Ans Hain ( \npliu«e ) Mr T r Moni«on in pioposmg the he 1th of lit dum m m «ntl lint if thei could trii't iii si miprc sions thei iiotild nil tit ii a nost tat uiible opinion of \usluhi ( \\] plan e ) Sometimes thet lend Hie c\pie sion the best hist but j ci hips in this eise Um might lind that tho besl hid como fiist Suce thei enleted Onciiishnd thei lind had i ne« of furn nig counlri iihich coull not hut mile then teeth inter 'Hen heir) lie 1 ne i the best fanning distncts in Scot 1 ind mel he thought tit it ii hit thei had Bren during the list tit o dins if ap neil mci s nere to 1 e tiusl el it is it least e< ual to the best thei hid at home The bl iel soil nas so magnificent thal he had bim (old lint one jf the pull lecom m ndcfi tint it should be cn ted home for nunnie (Tinghi«) ilL jn l been toll lint tho blick foil nene doun sunieliines I» t dentil of 100ft Inn if Unit ins I ii "iii TO Qnccnslinl Much hld i ti mc lid us IL.set in this btnl of ineOnu t hie* fcitihtj He thought that ins horne oui bj ino number if icir» that thei could grow crop? without diminishing the | iii'H that they paie They certainly ina le n mest 1 mdli treated tthcievei thev had heen Fverjivlieie along the road j !they had seen flags Hying, and K weloonio , had beor, given to them in a way which hail touched their hearts, mid in a way tiley I could not 'forget. But he thought that after all the most important thing was the opinion they had formed ot 'the country. He could only describe it by telling'a-little story that was narrated to him by. one of the Ministers in South Australia. It was the case of a man who was asked his opinion .about, various places. After he had told his opinion 'about various towns lie was asked if he had ah}- knowledge of a city in New 'Zealand called Dunedin, and! what he said about' Dunedin his (Mr. Morrison's) hear-, ers .might, if they cared, apply to the Darling Downs. This person said he would describe his opinion of Dunedin by telling what happened to a Dunedin man when he died, and went up and knocked at the door, and asked St. Peter to give him admission. After some waiting .St. Peter caine ont and made inquiry as to his'name and other details, which were answered ?satisfaetorilj-, and then said, " Where do you .come from?" The reply was that he caine from Dunedin. On this St. Peter lcokcd very (thoughtful, but after some hesitation he opened the door and said, "Well, you may go in, but I doubt you 'will not think very much of ii." (Laughter and applause.) The Ma'vor and Mr. W. Deacon having spoken briefly, the party resumed its jour- ney, leaving Allora to the accompaniment of ringing cheers. AT CLIFTON. Clifton Tvas reached in time for ofter -îoon tea, 'which was served in the Com- mercial Hotel. The «Commissioners were welcomed by Councillor Logan (chairman of Hie Clifton Shire Council), Messrs. G. 'Lockington (chairman of the Progress (As- sociation), Gillam, II. Mott (ohiie ¿terk), and many others. After afternoon tea, they were taken to see the local butter factory, and then continued their waj- to Toowoomba. ' ' AT"T;pOWOOMaU. 'The shades) ofc evening closed in before the capital -of'^the Darling Downs was icached, so'that much of the country Coe-' tireen 'Etonvale and (Drayton'.'.Hvas 'Eeen .only in dim .cutline, «while 'Drayton..itsejf was passed,.through in the dark.' It was nearly 7 o'c]ot»k.,iiwhen the last of the motor cobs . discharged its 'passengers at the Clulb Hotel, and every one was ready for dinner. - This over, the Com- missioners proceeded to the Town Hall where a civic reception was accorded.to thom. Again, the reactionary effect of Killarney was felt. There were but two speeches-one of thom,' that of Sir Carlaw Martin, undoubtedly the most important and the most félicitons >-et made-and then the visitors were introduced, to the leading townsmen and agriculturists, and spent some little time in conversation with them. The reception was conducted on excellent business lines. . The Mayor (Alderman V. C. Redwood), in welcoming the visitors, said he felt 'sure he ' was voicing the feeling of the whole of the citizens of Toowoomba when he said they were keenly appreciative of 'the .pleasure of meeting them. They realised thatilho visitors had a very great undertaking betöre ' them in going through the six States of tim CnmmnmvpnlH» imd I I the six States of the Commonwealth, and in giving a thorough report to their friends in the old land. He believed that their visit to Queensland and to the other States ifould be the means of bringing thousands of immigrants to these' shores. (.Hear, hear.) . They ba'd seen a little of. what our great country was like, nnd they would every day see in vorious parts and ? in different clhnatoä land suitable almost for all classes of agricultural development, and 'when they left Queensland he was i convinced they ivould go away feeling that 1 this part of Australia was c-qunl lo any part of the British Empire Queensland Avn« in. its infancy. Practically the land . ivas* not* scratched yet. About Too ? wonniba'" and the surrounding districts there ivas from 10,000,0110 to 15,000,000 acres of land filled for agriculture, but not inoro .than 20U,000 acres had been cul- tivated" at al!»-» Desirable' immigrants ivere Avtinti'd to dï^lop that land, and if the -visitor.« At'cre the means of bringing many agriculturists to the Darling Downs the. flew settlers would never i egret coming ,lo Queensland. In Toowoomba they had the tjuoen cilj", no.t only of Queensland, br.t of the Commonwealth. He might per- haps be pardoned fur speaking ivith such enthusiasm, but Toowoomba, had behind it the finest tract of agricultural land of anj' city in ' the ivorld. and ii possessed a magnificent climate. (Applause.) The tonst was - drunk-. At'ith musical honours. " ShvCarliew Martin, on rising to return thnnl"B, AIMS received Avilh Avarm applause. ? lie said I hat four of the original members of the party lind bePii deputed to travel into the Noithorn and Western portions of Queepsland, in order to give an account of tiiat immensity of teiritory which,'had it been unseen, would have been a sad shortcoming ins their proceedings. Tiley lind come here, simple fanner folk, born upon the, land, concerned in the deielopment of tlie land, and hvin/r on the land, and they did no1 profo.s*» to treat those who ivelcomed them to masterpieces of oratorj*. If he Avcre so mi«guided< as to indulge* in out InirHts of elo-juence he would he liable to fall un lei suspicion as a mau to whom it would he good to ofiei to sell a faun, nul not a man whose advice should he t ike ii b\ a min who wanted to buv a f nu Hu tool it that it he were to f »¡low the counsel of some good people lie hid met sinct he came lo Vtisfiaha it li" weir ti settle down upon a block of land ni Queensland, sa\ neai some «ucli eitv is this and went on to culti Mite piosptioush it lu wire to engage m local ulminislrition and if lie left all his faults in '.e itlnnil and lu ought here onh his illino,, he might laconic Mavoi of Ioowonml.il (1 aii='litei ) AVcll it w is not vcij long «nee thev 1-nded on the A.uetiahiin coasl, and thej made sliaitrhl foi Queens! \nd (Heir, heal) lhere wen temptations offering today in othei States hut thej put tho e temper tioris aoidc, and eame to Queensland \ncl having come to Qiiectislind there wies onl\ one tiling (o ao, md tint ins to male straight foi the Dirling Downs-(heal, hoar)-tint celebrated portion of Queens land which w L? known far and neat is ?x ipgioi of c\ti 101 dum v feitihtv~u legion of fanning he must RIJ, of an e\tiaordimn kind-md baling come to the Darling Downs clcdih the next important thin' was to make tor the city of Too momba Vrnving after sundown he had not been ole to see it, but lie wa» quit-» » tpircc1 to admit thai, ii was the Queen Cih of the Commonwealth (Hea-, ieare ancl binrii'er 1 He had expected the __-,-_-r_ Mayor to gj ou to eay that this was truly" the Garden oí Eden, and he also would have been prepared to accept the state- ment without desiring the smallest quali- fications of it, if he had not seen so many Gardens of lulen. (Laughter.) There was one in every province an every State of Australia, and in every portion of the Empire ; and his friends in Canada knew hotv much tliej" were impressed by the fact that they discovered really m the end the Garden of Eden in a etty known as Medicine Hat. (Laughter.) Medicine Hal was a place distinguished for n.s nat- ural gas. (Laughter.) The gies Ulero cairne right out of the .bon els of tho earth, anil wa»» burned all through the tit)-. There was a high piolubility of it being - the Garden of Eden, because if they thought ot it in the Garden oi Eden they could not be* evpected tei turn on tho.r liglttH tilth a ¡»in.*eli-there* munt have 'been natural gat. (Laughter.) They, the* »Scottish Ayricui'tural Commissioner-, as they had come to be called, liad had considerable experience in the kind ol' work in which Uley were engaged. They were in Denmark in 1904, and there they saw a land of small holders, cultivat- ing intensively, and combining in a co- operative .system for the pioduotion of butter, chee*«e, bacon, and other produc- tions of the land. This co-operative sys- tem, carritd through infinite ramification-;, provided for the marketing of the produce of the farmers on a plan which insured for the farmer the highest possible share of the ultimate value of his products. That system impressed them very much". They wore in lieland in 1900, and tha: country, they found, was being developed on Danish lines. Then they ivent to Canada, and had the priiilege of travelling through that vast confederation of State» and seeing the immense diveisity of con- ditions, climate, and .«oil, and the diveisity of forms of cultivation. The purpose of .the Commissioners in Australia AVOS to , conduct, on similar lines investigations in Avhich it might not unreasonably be sup- posed they had aequiired a certain degtee of uxpertness. They wanted to see for themselves what the land was like, lion it Avas treated, whether the people wera making the moil of it. wheie their produc- tions Avent to in tlie Avorld. what the State ivas doing foi* the farmer, and what Hie farmer Avas doing for the State. (Ap- plause.) Further, they wanted to see what the Stato and the farmer together were ''doing for the State, and what the State and the farmer ivere doing for the Empire. (Hear, hear.) He had heard A*ast figures about the extent of tihe territory of Queens- land, and if he understood uhem they would appal hint, but when people talked of ?their millions of acres he felt like the school boy who was told'the inillions of miles it ivas from the* earth lo the .«tin. The figures ivere very gigantic. They had reason to Ibelieve they indicated a vastntss of territory almost unequalled in the pre- sent condition of ithe world-a vastness of territory, and of cultivatable ¡soil uniting for population, and still waiting to be drawn, ns it ivere, within the area of civilised life. The.y had visited some por- tion of the Darling Downs, and they had been much impressed by the wonderful fer- tility ,of Wie soil- Tlie bounty of nature had been streamed upon them abundant- ly, file did not know whether any of his friends from Scotland ever before Hifid experience of a soil which reaped two crops, mid, ns the Mayor itold Jinn, some- time« threo crops in a yeor. A Voice : Eleven crops of luceme. Sir Caitlaw 'Martin, said he was thinking more of wheat, potatoes, and maize. He doubled whether his friends had made the aconaintance of a soil, except the Canad- ian' prairie, that was independent of arti-, ficinl fertilisera. In Scotland tim farmers' ä bill for fertilisers was somplhine* calculated to lum the head gray. .As to how the Darling Downs struck them they could only give hasty impressions. ' Indeed, it AVÍ.S thoir business net to do more at this .time. Their opinions, Avhen they were recorded, wouklj not he his own opinions, or the opinions of. any single member of the party, but the opinions ot the Ai'hole of the parly, chocked and A*erified. and as far ns they could make them, in their concluded form as accurate ns human beings with their limitations could make them. Their general impression of the Darling Downs ivas one of'w country of remarkable boauly from any point of view, and especially from the ugricull mists' point of view. -(Henri-"hear.) »They, had" admired,.-, ntv .every "itCp; of "the' .\va.y" the* snnéioiî£', yoi" leys and plains, and thoy bud admired . most -ot all«- tho«e*-pKrt8.iofcithenpIainV'an<h A'nl'pys Avhich showed the hand of the cul- tivator, w-hich showed the wheat green and nourishing, .and which indicated that knowledge and skill and . industry ivero being applied to the extraction of the Veollh of the soil. They had seen the farmer at work, and tiley hoped the fannel* Avould keep before lum an ideal. Thoy hoped the farmer ivould not be con- tení, merely to make his tarin pay, but Avrutld strive to make agriculture an art ever lending towards perfection. (.Ap- plause.) They came to Australia with no preconceived ideas ns ta what it was, or what it ought to be, but there were certain advanced views that they brought with them, and one of tiloso ivas that Australia merely wanted to be seen to bo appreciated. They ivere no,v seeing it, and they hoped to be able to lead other people to . appreciate it. 'Another view formed upon the creal vari- ety of Australian productions that found then* way into the home markets wari that 'they offered here numerous choices of 'occupation lo all kinds of settlers. A man ?might be interested in sheep, or wheat, or fruit, or in any other form of agriculture, and he could find a chance in any one 'of these, or all of them, in Australia, according as his training and his tastes inclined him. Another view they had was that ithis country wanted population. '(Applause.) It ivas a country worth de- fending, and it should have people to tie- fend it. It was a country which should he filled up in order that it might play its part in the great confederation of free "nations wliioh were called the British Em- pire-'(applause)-and if on going back to Scotland they were able to divert 'a por- tion of that stream of inunigration which now flowed so freely towards Canada, and too .freely, to his mind, to othar .parts of the world not under the British "flag, then they would have done, in coming here, what he thought was a patriotic duty, an Imperial duty, some- thing to assist in the great task of making a. family of nations which stood for the peace and freedom, and progressive civilis 'ation of the world. OApplause.) There was one thing he ivanted particularly to say was a pleasing feature of Austra- lian life. He had talked to numbers of men, young and old, lo pioneers, those grand old fellows who broke tlie ground for those who came after. He had talked with their descendants, and found them interested in progressive agriculture, and in the larger problems that lay behind tho practice of the arl of. agriculture, hut the' most pleasing sight of all had been some of the Australian schools. There was nothing more delightful than the spec- tacle the children presented; the beau- tiful faces, the well nourished, well tendetl appearance-evidence of coming out of self-respecting homes, and proof of a widely diffused comfort. As he had said to an eminent statesman in Melbourne, so long as Australia could produce chil- dren of that character, the politicians ' might make any mistakes they liked. (Ap- plause and laughter.) The ' health of the Mayor having been honoured, and Alderman Redwood having replied, tho proceedings terminated. On Sundny the members of the Commission rested. They resume their work on Mon- ( day morning. i __^-. i 