VICTORIAN DELEGATES. . BANQUET IN LONDON. THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. LONDON, Thursday. Messrs. Macken/io and Mead, tho Victorian immigration delegate®, who 'aro1 aljout to leave for America, wore entertained at a banquet last night by Victorians in 'London. Many leading commercial -mon, « financiers; and merchant^ were present, the at- tendance numbering 150. Among those present were Sir Charles Lucas (of the Dominions' de- partment of the Colonial Office), Mr. Robert Reid, Sir T. B. Robinson (Agent-Gonoral for Queensland), tho lion. A. A. Kirkpatrick (Agent-Gen- eral for South Australia), tho Hon. John M'Call (Agent-General for Tas- mania;, Mr. It. C. Hare (Acting Agent-General for Western Aus- tralia), Messrs. T. J. Russell and Nivison. Viscount Goschen, who occupied the! chair, stated that Great Britain wel- comed tho Victorian immigration delegation, and did not begrudge the immigrants, since they would. foster an imperial spirit among all classes in Australia. Sir J. A. Cockburn, in proposing the toast of "Our Guests," said they were engaged in an Imperial mission and were solving the problem of . the adjustment of the population of the Empire.« The Hon. H. Mackenzie, in re- sponding, said the Press, people, and authorities in Great Britain had wel- comed them most generously, and had not suggested that Victoria was robbing Great Britain of the (lower of-its manhood. The fact that Great Britain imports 60 per 'cent, of the foodstuffs, of which Australia sends 3 per cent,, alono justified the delegation. Dr. Elwood Moad said Victoria would be satisfied with the number of high- charactered, thrifty, and ener- getic agriculturists who had been se- cured. He emphasised the importance of fostering small holdings, and in- stanced the large yield from the crops. The lucerne grower in Aus- tralia to-day would be the bunker of Australia in the next generation. The dairymen who had been selected would soon make Victorian butter as well known as Danish, by enabling Australia to supply Great Britain throughout the year. Sir John Tavernor (Agent-General for Victoria) insisted upon tho ab- sence of rivalry between tho Aus- tralian States and tho other over- seas Dominions in immigration mat- ters. Mr. Charleton, vice-president of the London Chamber of Commerce, Sir John Bingham, of Sheffield, and Mr. J. M. Pratt were among the other speakers. 