ARRIVAL OF THE WHAKA- TANE. BIG BATCH OF IMMIGRANTS. SERIES OF COMPLAINTS BY PASSENGERS. THE CAPTAIN'S REPLY. The Whakatane, of the Queensland line of steamers, arrived at the Norman Wharf from London last evening with 283 immigrants from the British Isles and the continent. There was a large number of people on the wharf to welcome the new arrivals. Leaving London on November 27, the Whakatane had on board 503 passengers, including 55 married men, 55 married women, 159 single men, and 103 single women, 64 male aud 65 female children between the ages of 1 year and 12 years, and eight male and three female infants. Of the total three were landed at Thursday Island, 65 at Cairns, 101 at Townsville, 51 at Rockhampton, and 284 came on to this port. There were 373 nominated, 68 assisted, 42 free (domestic servants), 8 full payers, and 5 in- dented, and their nationalities were Eng- lish, Scotch, Irish, Danish, Swedish, and one German. Followers of almost every occupation were included, including grocers, drapers, farm labourers, garden- ers, domestic servants, mechanics, engi- neers, sawyers, joiners, blacksmiths, French polishers, plumbers, cabinet makers, laundresses, engine-fitters, paint- ers, miners, colliers, plate-layers, clerks, dairymen, etc. The Immigration Agent, Mr. J. O'Neill Brenan, and his assistants, together with Mr. Scott, of the oversea ship- ping department of the B.I. and Q.A. Co., Ltd., agents for the line, as usual made excellent arrangements for the landing of the immigrants. All the new arrivals who intended to stay at the immigration depot at Kangaroo Point were transhipped on to the tender Boko before the public was allowed on the ship. The immigrants who had friends to meet them were then allowed to depart. Prior to the arrival of the Whakatane , a letter, signed by about fifty of the immi- grants, reached the "Courier" office from Cairns. This letter, which contained most serious charges, stated that the vessel left London on November 27 carrying 503 im- . migrants for various towns in Queens- land, and all went well on the voyage until reaching the Bay of Biscay, where the majority of the passengers suffered severely from sea sickness. Women and children were lying about in their bunks, and were not, it is alleged, visited - a statement, we remark, which is denied. Nothing was given them in the shape of stimulants, they say ; there was no beef, tea, or bovril, and they were just left to do the best they could. Soda water could be had at 6d. per small bottle ; tea was 5d. per cup, at which rate it was al- legedly dispensed at the different galleys. The food supplied is declared to have been insufficient in quantity, and reflections are cast alike on its quality and the cooking, while the dietary scale is questioned in unequivocal terms. Then there are allega-. lions as to the way the food was served, and the condition of the utensils, which are declared to have been broken and dilapidated. The stewards also came in for a measure of criticism, and the sleeping ac- commodation is adversely commented on Indeed, according to the signatures to the letter, there was nothing and nobody worthy of commendation, save the matron , (Miss Harris), who is spoken of as a mode of kindness and courtesy throughout the voyage, and who, it is added, worked very hard to alleviate the condition of the women and' children. On one occasion she sat up for three nights nursing a sick woman. It is somewhat remarkable under the circumstances that complaint was not made to the captain, yet though there was ample opportunity this does not appear to have been done. This certainly calls for ex- planation by the writers. Those who signed the letter ask for an inquiry to be made, and state their preparedness to testify to the statements made. In consequence of these complaints, a "Courier" representative interviewed several of the immigrants, and also the captain and others on the Whakatane. A number of those inter- viewed repeated their allegations with variations. and in one case the compIaint made was that the women's quarters were kept closed at night during the hot weather. The system of berthing on the Whakatane was, they said, bad. For instance, the married men were separated from their wives and families, the married men hav- ing to berth with the single men in the forward part of the ship. After a great deal of trouble, it was stated, some of the married men were allowed to join their families. On one occasion, it was ad- mitted, two of the men passengers com- plained of the coffee, and the captain, they say, remedied the trouble. A com- plaint was also made concerning the lava- tories. They admitted they did not complain to the captain about this because, as they put it, "he could not provide additional accommodation." On being pressed they repeated that no complaints were made to the captain, except in the case' of the coffee, " because they were repeatedly told by a steward to have patience, as most of the waiters were passage workers, and would soon get to know their business." A complaint was made, however, to the Government Agent at Thursday Island. Another immigrant struck a new note : There was insufficient deck accommodation for the people, and children were con- stantly getting hurt, because they had not sufficient room in which to play. THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SHIELD But all the immigrants were not dis- satisfied. One man among the crowd when approached declared the voyage had been a splendid one so far as weather was con- cerned, but there had been a good deal of grumbling on board. "But look here, young man," he continued, "you only be- lieve about half they say to you. I have been to sea before, and know what it is. I know you have to rough it a bit, es- pecially on an immigrant ship. I have brought my wife and family out with me, and have nothing to complain of." A young man, who said he was a jour- nalist, stated that he came out as a nomi- nated immigrant. There was plenty of food on board, he declared, but there was a good deal of grumbling amongst a cer- tain portion of the passengers. But on the whole, the immigrants were well satisfied. When going through, the Bay of Biscay it was expected that more people would be sick than was actually the case. The first day or two there might have been a little shortage in food, because the people were all fresh on board, and the sea air made them hungry. They ate everything that was providcd for them, and probably wanted more; but towards the end of the voyage there was very little to complain of. So far as he was concerned, he had a bunk near a port hole. The ventilation was satisfactory in a way, though, of course, it could have been improved upon. In this respect the women's quarters were worse than the men's. There was, he declared, sufficient deck room. Regarding the com- plaints about food, he said that a lot of the people gorged themselves, and very often lay about in a lazy condition after having had a good meal. One man he knew considered they should have had something special on Christmas Day-cakes and such like on the tables- and because there were none, he had grumbled that "it was not like Christmas-." Personally, he found no cause to complain of the treat ment he received. THE CAPTAIN INTERVIEWED. Captain F. A. Hemming, commander, who for many years was in command of the Canadian-Australian liner Miowera, trading between Vancouver and Brisbane and Sydney, when interviewed, said that only on one occasion did the passengers complain to him, and that was in regard to certain tea which was served out to them, and he had the matter reme- died at once. They did not complain that the food was insufficient, of poor quality, or badly cooked. As a matter of fact both the doctor and himself in- spected the ship every day, visiting the quarters, and mixing among the passen- gers, and they, therefore, had every op- portunity to lodge complaints. He tasted their food every day, in fact, the same food supplied to the immigrants was also supplied to 'himself and the officers of the ship. The passengers, he said, left Eng- land during the winter, and, of course, as they came into the tropics they must have felt a change in the temperature. There was no doubt that they did feel the heat. Then there were the usual detentions on the way along the coast. Such a condi- tion of affairs would always exist so long as people left England in the cold months and were brought to Queensland during the summer. The Board of Trade and the Imperial Emigration Act set out that certain things had to be provided on an emigrant ship. The regulations had been complied with in every respect so far as the Whakatane was concerned ; in fact. there were people at home whose business it was to see that everything was in order before the ship sailed. It was very properly stipulated that single girls and single men had to be kept separate on board ship and it was also stipulated that the single women had to be locked in their quarters every night after a cer- tain hour. It was not pro- vided in the regulations that third class passengers had to be supplied with sausages and kippered herrings, yet those on the Whakatane had been given these on occasions. The trouble was that the emigrants had been too well treated at the commencement of the voyage. Leav- ing London the ship had a supply of but- ter to last 70 days had the regulations been strictly adhered to. But the butter gave out in 52 days because extra had been given to the passengers and fresh supplies were purchased at ports visited. The same thing happened in regard to potatoes in - fact they had been so liberal on board that they had not much left in the ship in the way of provisions at the end of the voyage. His stewards had worked well and hard and were deserving of credit. Some of the passengers also gave great assistance, one man in par- ticular doing very good work. This man was an immigrant, and he (captain Hem- ming) had recommended the man should be given a gratuity for the work he had done. The galleys were visited every day by Captian Hemming who tasted the food and found it was always well cooked and good. During his in- spection of the ship each day he was ac- companied by the Doctor, who also ate the same food as was supplied to the immigrants. Captain Hemming explained that so many ounces of tea were allowed each passenger each week so much water, etc. In fact the scale relating to food on emigrant ships was laid down in the re- gulations, and this scale had been ex- ceeded. One day the chief said that some men were complaining of what is known as "dry hash." Captain Hemming had the "dry hash" supplied for his break- fast and enjoyed it. When the passengers did complain to him on the one occasion he told them they were receiv- ing more than they were entitled to. Concerning the compaint about the lavatories, Captain Hemming said that in some of the quarters the passengers had put bottles tins and even old rags in the pipes, and blocked them. His men had to clean out the pipes. He found nothing wrong with the ventilation, and no complaint was made to him on this score. His ship could not be blamed if the temperature in the tropics rose to 93deg. Under such conditions it would be warm and stuffy. It would be warm and stuffy in his room as well as in the quar- ters of the women. There were 40 stew- ards on the ship and they did everything for the passengers only one or two of whom gave a hand. If ever he brought out immigrants again - and he hoped he would never be so unfortunate - he would place them on the regulation scale of diet at the commencement of the voyage, and would increase it during the trip. The passengers would then probably be more grateful for what was done for them. He said he had recently brought to New Zealand 470 immigrants, and not a com- plaint was heard. Opportunity was af- forded the "Courier' representative of reading the bill of fare for each meal each day during the voyage. The steward in charge of the stewards who attended to the immigrants indignant- ly denied that the food was bad or not up to the .quality demanded, and he added that on the Whakatane the immi- grants had had most of the work done for them. This not always the case, he said, on an immigrant ship as the pas- sengers had to do a great deal of work themselves 