GENERAL CABLE NEWS. LONDON, January 28. The dentil is announced of Mr. John Cory, chairman of the board of 'directors ' of Messrs. Cory Bros. & Co., colliery pro prietors, of Cardiff, in his 82nd year. Mr. Cory had for many years been associated with numerous forms of educational, charit able, and evangelistic enterprise. He was president of the Newport Liberal Associa tion. The daring aeronaut, Latham, who has made - many high flights, and more than one attempt to cross the English Channel, had a sensational experience at Cairo ' to day. His monoplane fell with him from a height of 150 ft., and was smashed, but he was uninjured. January 29. The public boycott of meat and other products, whose cost is regulated by trade ' monopolies, is extending from the 'United States to Canada, Several hundred persons in Toronto have pledged themselves to eat no meat until the price is lowered by the meat ring. At West Hartlepool, in Durham, serious colliery riots have occurred. A band of 350 colliers set fire to a clubhouse, valued i at £8,000. They also destroyed the resi dence of a mine manager, and attacked that official, who defended himself with, fire arms. The formation of a new Cabinet by Count Hedervary has done nothing to solve the political crisis in Hungary. As was ex pected after the reception given to the new Premier in the Chamber a few days ago, when he and his colleagues were denounce! as 'Imperial lackeys,' a vote of noconfi dence in tho Ministry has been carried. With this the Chamber have coupled a re- . solution forbidding the payment of taxes, ! until the Austrian authorities give their ; sanction to the establishment of the pro posed National Bank of Hungary. January 30. A court-martial at Melava in the Central American Republic of Nicaragua, has ac quitted General Medina and the other of ficers of the Government forces, who were charged with wrongfully executing the American subjects, Messrs. Grace and' Cannon, for participating in the recent rebellion. Miss Tittell Brune. the American actress, who. is, we]] known in Australia, on Satur day appeared as Lady Carew in the success ful production by Mr. Henry Brodribb Irv ing (son of Sir Henry Irving), of .a drama tic version of Robert Louis Stevenson's ; famous novel, 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.' j The London newspapers commend the act- j ing of Miss Brune. ? | The premises of Messrs. Morris & Sons, ' tobacco manufacturers, in High- street, Whitechapel, with the adjoining houses, were completely destroyed by fire yester day. The loss is estimated at £400,000.! As a result of the fire 400 workpeople have been thrown out of employment. Seventy fire engines assisted to quench the flames. The imports of the United States of America in 1909 were valued at £295,104,041, being an increase of £71,000,000, as compared with the figures : for 1908. The exports for last year were £345,470/521, being a decrease of £5,000,000. as compared with the previous year. The practice of gun-running from the Persian Gulf to Afghanistan and India, has sustained what is hoped will prove a deci sive cheek from a British expedition, who, landing at Jask, 138 miles south-east of Bender Abbas, on the Persian coast of the Arabian Sea, attacked and captured a depot. Hundreds of rifles, revolvers, and bayonets were destroyed by means of gun powder. Three Afghans were killed during the conflict. January 31. The authorities at Teheran have been greatly exercised over the foreign critic sm provoked by the bungling which attended the execution of Mavakkar Sultaneh, a member of the late Shah's entourage, who ' was hanged for intriguing against the Con stitution. One rope broke, and another was used, the victim being meanwhile sub jected to blows from the butts of the sol diers' rifles. Even when the second at tempt was made the captive's sufferings were needlessly prolonged. The officials re sponsible for the atrocity have been severely punished. M. Renkin, the Belgian Minister for the Colonies, yielding at last to urgent represen tations from the British Government, has announced the cessation of the system ot forced labor on the Congo, which had bsen established on the pretext of compelling the natives to contribute towards the cost of government. The preliminary enquiry in Copenhagen ?concerning the frauds perpetrated by P. A. Alberti. formerly Minister for Justice in: the Danish Cabinet, has been concluded, j It has been ascertained that the defalca tions of the Minister, which involved a large English produce company in ruin, amounted to .£833,000. Dr. Lang, Archbishop of York, preachiBg — ~ — . ? ??? ' ?,.- -v ??*?. ?' ? ??-?.? — ...?. ,; — r: ? ~~. — at KingstpWqn-Tfittmes-bh 'Sunday ,at a' ser- vice in connection,, v?fth the Church;.-of Eng- , land Men's Society/ (Stated that: the 'estab- lishment of -a branch! of the society by the Rev. H. S, Woollcombe, M.A.j in Australia meant' the, solving of many -(social problems outside party politics. # He regarded the operations of the society -as a probable means of strengthening the links of Em pire. ., . . . The new comei recently discovered by an official observer at Johannesburg has been photographed by the etaff of the Green- . wich Observatory- Many residents of L6n-i don observed the comet about sunset yes terday. Its tail has an apparent length of from 15 to 20 deg. ~ An order having ,heen received lor the execution in the gaol of Vilna of the revo lutionary emissary who. some time ago wounded General Pengo, whose 'assassina- tion he had attempted, the prisoner com mitted suicide in a most desperate manner. The hapless man soaked a handkerchief in petroleum, tied it round his head, and set fire to it. He died in terrible agony.' The Roman Catholic Cathedral at West minster, built in the Byzantine style ol architecture, and completed some years ago, is to be consecrated on June 28. The cost of the structure has now been de frayed. Arrests are daily bein' effected in Lisbon of members of revolutionary societies for conspiring against the Portuguese mon archy. Incriminating documents and plans have been seized by the police: ? . February 1. The Committee of Ways and Means at Washington have authorised the- prepara tion of a resolution providing for an inves tigation by Congress of the reasons for the high cost of living in the United States.' The Oxford and Cambridge University boat race will take place on March 23. The torpedo boat destroyer Eden, 527 tons, which broke away from her moorings at Dover on Friday, and became stranded, has been refloated. . The Seddon memorial will be unveiled by the Duke of Argyll on the 10th inst. Three hundred guests are expected. Insurgents in tJie south of Phpngan. in Korea, have murdered 20 Japanese settlers. A 'telegram from Constantinople states that Rear-Admiral Gamble, naval adviser to the Turkish Government, has. resigned his post in consequence of ill-health and of the climate disagreeing with him. Tlie 'Daily Telegraph's New York cor respondent reports that the American Bankers' Association have allocated the sum of £200,000 for a so- called 'campaign of education' to defeat the proposals of tlie Government for the -establishment of. Postal Savings Banks throughout the United States. The Postmaster-General be lieves that millions of dollars sent to Europe might be retained in the United States if immigrants were convinced that American bauks were safe. To retain this money in the country is the object of the projected scheme for Postal Savings Banks, The united mineworkers' wage-scale committee in Indianapolis have recommend- 1 ed the suspension of bituminous mining on ! April 1 unless a 10 per cent, advance in wages and other demands of the strikers be granted. Statistics published by the American Go vernment show that New York is now the leading seaport in the world. Tlie year ; 1908 showed an entry of 12,154.780 regis- j tared tonnage, an increase of 56 2-5 per cent, over that of 1898. Lord Crewe, Secretary for the Colonies, has informed Captain Collins^ the Common wealth Agent, that the foreign Office authorities in future will not issue pass ports to Australians travelling abroad without a certificate of respectability from the representatives of the Common wealth or the Agent-General of an Austra lian State. Hitherto passports have beep granted as proof of nationality. The builders who are constructing . the first torpedo boat- destroyer to the order of the Australian Commonwealth Government, are anxious to launch the vessel as soon as possible after February 7. Mr. David Marshall, member of the Cana dian Dominion House of Commons for East ' Elgin, Ontario, sent circulars to 5,000 of his constituents, asking their opinion as to the form which the Canadian contribution to Imperial naval defence should take. The replies showed that 6J per cent, fa vored Sir Wilfrid Laurier's naval proposals, but that a majority desired that Canada j should make a direct contribution to the j motherland, cither in money or Dread- 1 noughts. J Johnson, the champion pugilist of j the world, was committed for trial at New York yesterday for assaulting a brother negi-o in a bar-room in the city, but he has been released on bail, the surety being fixed at 1,000 dollars (£200). Johnson's i lawyer states that the case has been con cocted with : the intention of preventing Johnson from training for the forthcoming fi-ht aorainst Jefferies. : The Inveravon. a new ship, while on her voyage to Australia, was caught by a storm in the Channel this week and her spars were much damaged. She will be delay ea for seven weeks underling repairs. The arrival of 200 Indian cooJies monthly ' in San Fraucisee has caused the Asiatic Exclusion League in that city to emphasise the steady increase of this class of labor. ! There are now 10,000 Indians iu Cali fornia. The London newspapers to-day contain laudatory notices of the services rendered by the late Sir Clmrles Todd to South Aus tralia and to the Empire. 