QUEENSLAND AGRICULTURAL EXPERT IN SCOTLAND. In a letter which he addressed to the Under Secretary of Agriculture, Mr. John Mahon (Principal of the Gatton Agricul-<*> tural College), writing from Scotland, says that the prices of b.ef and mutton there are 1/2 and 1/1 per Ib. respectively. The price of beef, dressed weight, ia 72/ per ICOlh., and fat bullocks are worth £12 to £20 each. He duggests thai (Juieiis laud should try to place soii.e of her meats in Scotland. New Zealand mutton and cheese have got on the market there. and are selling well. Air. Mahon states that he is credibly iuforued that Aus tralian buttsr is being acid everywhere in Scotland oa the best Danish, lie has seen and sampled a good deal of it in Glasgow, and can confirm the statement. Ho considers that there is a big future for immigration from Scotland : 230 left for Queensland in April, and 300 were to leave in May. He had interviewed many who intended to go out, and had1 found all of th.'in to be a good class. Xlie n.st question asked was whether the person addressed knew anything of Cueen?!aud. and if he had b.?en there. If not. no notice was la'?en of his statements, and this, fact emphasised the necessity for immigrat ion agents to be men conversant vitU tha rural lif* of Queensland, and the agent* should be changed frequently, in order that they might be able to speak of present conditions. Mr. Mahon gave letters uddressed to the Under Secretary to •ercr.il persons who were apparently good farmers, and1 some of them had ? considerable amount of capital. Mr. Mahon spent a fortnight in Scotland end -there inspected a great number ot cattle and horses. He v'ritcd the dairy bclwol at Kilmarnock, and '.v<ui greatly disap pointed with wliat he saw. as be con sidered that Queensland w« far nluad in her methods. In wroect of dairyittf generally, he is of opinion that thers i* not ranch to oe learned by Queennlan^nj from English methods'. At the instiga tion of the Agent-general he is visit ing Dublin and Belfast in search of stock; here good Clydesdales are to be got. lie 18 also going over to Franco to purehasa two Percheron stallions which have been ordered. 