BISMARCK AGRICULTURAL * . *." SOCIETY. THE AfNNUAL SHOW. SPLENDID EXHIBITIONS OF FRUIT. SPEECH BY THE GOVERNOR, The fifteenth annual show of the Bis- marck Agricultural Society was held at Bibiuurck josterday. The weather -«as cold and threatening earlv in the da>, but later on it became considerably fine:, and tlnoughout the afternoon conditions were us good us could be exi>eclod for this time of tlie j ear. The bhow was declared open by Ilib Excellency Sir Harry Barron, who was accompanied by Lady Barron and Major Cadell» Tho wco-reg.il party wero met bv the German Consul {Mr. A. C. »ellie) and Mre. Dobie, the Warden of Glenorchy (Coun- cillor Valentine), Councillors Voss, Mur- doch, and Pearce, and the members of the show committee. His Excellency was presented with an address ot welcome by Councillor ATalentine. It read as fol- lows:- . . We, the residents of Bismarck, com gosed of English, Gorman, Danish, and wedish settlers, desire to express our unfeigned loyalty to the person and throne of lim Most Gracious Majesty King Edward VII. Wo further wish to extend to you, as his représentative, a most cordial welcome to our settle- ment, accompanied with a hope of many more visits to our district. We trust that Y mr Excellency and Lady Barron will be blessed with health and strength during j cur stay among us, ond that continued rrosperity in Tah mania may mark your term of office. His Excellency, in responding, said thai ho desired to thank thom most heartily for their very cordial welcome. Ho ap- preciated to the full the loyal sontiments expressed in. tho address, and knew that, wherever Germans, Danes, or Swede« look up their residence they showed the inosL devoted loyalty f» the Government under which they dwelt, whilst they did their utmost to promote flip prosperity of the land of their adoption. At the samo time, they also ehorhshed the memory of their native land. This did not tend to* make theni dibloval, or to detract from their good citizenship; but, on the contrary, they were better men and better citizens for keeping green the memory of their fatherland. (Hoar, bear.) Ho had heard of ¡Bismarck soon after ho came to Tasmania, "and bail made up' his mind to visit the settle- ment, and therefore it-wa« with pleasure thai he bad accepted their invitation to open the show. Ho hoped to visit them again, and if they honoured bim with, an invitation in the future, he hoped that their settlement would show still greater signs of'prosperity and expansion. (Hear, hear.) > His Excellency and Lady Barron then visited the hall, and inspected the ex- hibits, after which Sir Harry declared the show open. He said that he desired to compliment .them upon the general ex- cellence of the show. He was particu- larly struck with, the magnificence of the apples exhihited. They were perfectly coloured, and reflected credit on those who grow them. He was albo greatly struck 'with what he would call the domestlo side of the (show. (Applause.) The quantity of the piosorves, sweet meats, and other articles shown waa astonishing, and-pointed to the fact that they bad excellent housewives in their midst. (Hear,, hear.) They were evi. donlly 'women who lmcw what to do in tho house, and who did not spend their time" before looking-glasses, taking out or putting in curling-pins. (Laughter.; Another thing calling tor comment wa* the fine work done 'by the school children. In such communities boys were fre- quently wanted at home by their fathers to assiot in the work round the farm. Their parents should, however, seo that their education was not interfered with The wood-carving shown was a splendid o'J am pie of artistic tast6 and skill. When ho opened the Arts and Crafts Exhibi- tion some months ago, ho suggested thal the society should formulate «une scheme by which they could make honorary asso- ciate members of people, particularly those living in the backblocks. Those people had not much opportunity of see- ing what their more favoured brothers and sisters Were doing, but they had long winter evenings, which gave thom scope to follow some useful occupation. By this means not only could they earn a little money, but they could do a good deal towards beautifying thoir homes. If a man took an interest in beautifying his home, ho would live at home, and . he would not want to KO elsewhere for amusement. He hoped something would be done in tho future, and that . the society would invite such people as he referred to lo become honorary members. The show reflected the greatest credit on the district, and he hoped- to come again and see u little more of what they wore doing. Ho hoped that when they were writing to their friends in Germany they would tell them what a splendid coun- try they were living in, and invite then, to take up their residence hore. In tlie older countries the people were fossil- ised. They lived < in their largo cities, carried on their manufactures and tried to get other people to take ajad nee their 'bad gooda (Laughter.) la Aus- tralia tliey had everything to their hand*: -They had a magnificent country, but they wanted more people, and there tore they should write home and tell their friends that they were living in the fin- est country in the world. (Applause.) He bad the greatest pleasure in declaring the show open, and wishing both it and the people of Bismarck and their district every «.uceess. (Applause.) Lady Barron said she desired to say a few words with regard, to the needle- work section of the show. She was great- ly struck with the excellence of the arti- cles exhibited. She J»ok one exception ' to the work, however and that did not reflect on the skill displayed m its exe- cution, but ehe could not see the reason why it was so fine. "Making such fine stitches was extremely trying to the chil- dren, and tended to impair their eyesight. She had heard of one school wbero it re- quired a magnifying glass to judge the work. Such work meant injury to the eyes of the children, and she was not surprised to see so many children wearing glasses in the schools she had visited. She was starting a movement whereby she hoped to see brought about the aso of a stitch of iv uniform size, and by this means a lot of good would be done, throughout the State. I The German Consul (Mr. Dehle) said he was proud to be there, and to hear His Excellency speak so highly of the Ger- man immigrants and their work. (Hear, hear.) It was great gratification to them to hear that Germans were so highly ap pieciated, and their work so lauded. 'Al- though he was a German, still he would like to 6ay he thought the appreciation was well deserved. If Hie Excellency could have seen the district before the settlers started to carve out their homes j he would nppicciate thoroughly their courage and perseverance. There were no roads for them to travel over, and everything (hey wanted they bad to carry up on their backs, whilst they had lo carry th»ir produce down on their backb aleo. When it carno to education thev found tho greater portion of the money to build their school, so His Ex- cellency would seo that his remark about education would bp appreciated. He was also pleased to hear such splendid praise spoken of the exhibits, particularly with icgard to the home products. ' German women wer? extremely capable, and he would be pleased to seo thousands of then, como and make their homer, in Tas- mania. A German was always loyal to the country of his adoption, whilst he cherished a lo«e for his Fatherland A man who did not love his ralive country or tho country of his fathers was not worthy of (he name of a man. In the future, ai in the past, they would be able to say that the settlement ivas pro" pering, and that the children of the set- tlers irere being educated as they sbould be. (Applause.) Councillor Vo^s moved a vote of thanks to the judges, and Mr. L. M. Shoobridge responded. Cheers were then given for the King and His Excellency and Lady Barron. THE EXHIBITS. Bismarck show has been steadily com- ing to the front in recent years, "not so muel. fiom its eize ns from the quality of the exhibits shown. To carry off a prize in any of the sections gives the articles shown the hallmark of merit. The show has bown growing steadily year after year, and the people of the di6trict take a great pride in showing their pro- duce, and in endeavouring to beat one another. The fruit section called forth the keenest competition. Considering the »levation at which the apples are grown, those shown were remarkable for their splendid colouring, and the enre with which they had been graded and packed. All the fiutt was of capital quality, and fit to bo sho-w n anywhere. It excited most favourable comment f lorn the judges, i.nd they liad a most difficult task in arriving at their decision. The champion- ship was awarded to Councillor Vos«-, who showed three pplendid cases of fruit gTadod and packed. Tho apples were all wonderfully e\eu in SIM;, splendidly col- oured and sound. The three cases con- sisted of Prarn.am». Stunners, and New Yorks. All the other fruit ?»a» of high class q-ialiiy, and attracted tho attention ot e\eryone. Some splendid .sample« of potatoes weie also shown, ami ;n this section it is noteworthy that the local r-ohoolinasror lame to the front, and won some proco -with potatoes grown in the school gaiden. Mr. Bryan takes the keenest interest in agncultuial work, and endea'xours to interest the children under his care in agricultuie, with the resvlt th.it he ha-s- sonio very flourishing plot» round the- school "Vegetables aUi "Ä-erc a strong cl.iss, und the quality of the cabbages, cairots, and other vege- tables epoko volumes for the productivity 01 the soil in and around Bismarck. In the children's class attention was at- tracted to the excellence of the wood-carv- ing done by the scholars at the local Stato-school. The -work was most artisti- cally done, and a lady irdui another State was so struck with the beauty of a carved handkerchief-box that sho pnrchosed it straight away. In the home products and needlework sections, the ladies of the dis- trict were strongly roprescniod. -Large collections of all sorts of cake« and pre- serves were shown, al-o a great deal of artistic needlework. The judges wore:-Fruil, L. N. Mur- doch, L. M. Shoobridge, and M. Hickman ; vegetables, A. Lyall and Q. Pearce; home produce, Messrs. Arnold and Moy; needle- work. Mesdames Meagher and Browse, and Miss Birchall (Launceston). THE PRIZE LIST, . Home Produce.-Fancy butter, Miss H. ackroyd. Home-made butter, Mrs. While Cream separator butter, Mrs. Gall 1, Miss Arces 2. Eggs, Mrs. G. Ack royd. Home-made bread, Mrs. Shauppe 1, Mrs. Pebber 2, Miss Zauottis3. Plaiu scones, Mrs. Ackroyd. Apple-pio, Mrs. C. Fehlberg 1, Miss A. Doran 2. . Swiss roll, August Kenlbeig 1, Miss Hall 2. Assorted pastry, Miss Hail 1, Mrs. Johnson 2. Pound cake, Mrs. Romsley 1, II. Fehlberg 2. Cocoanut cako, H. Fehlberg. Seed cake, Miss Hall 1, Miss Duffy 2. Gingerbread, Miss A. Doran 1, Miss Barnsley 2. Plate of kisses, Mrs. Bryan 1, Miss Hall 2. Cream puffs, Mrs. W. Applcdorf 1, H. Fehlberg 2. Trussed fowls, Mr. Newman. Buns, Miss Voss. Jams, Mrs. Fehlberg. Collection of jams, Mrs. C. Fehlberg 1, Mrs. J. Doran 2. Bottled fruits, Mrs. A. Tottenhofor. 1 Miss E. Voss 2. Jams, 12 varieties, C. Fehlberg 1, A. Tottenhofor 2 Tomato sauce, Mrs. J. Doran 1, C. Fehlberg 2. Chutney, Mrs. J. Doran. Needlework.-Pair of socks, plain knit- ted, -Mrs. E. Ackroyd 1, C. Fehlberg 2. Fancy knitting in wool, Mrs. B. Ackroyd 1\. Mrs. A. Tottenhofor 2. Do., cotton, Mrs. E. Ackroyd. Knitted laco, Mrs. E. Ackroyd. Crochet lace, Miss Kingston. Tea cosy, Mrs, H. Smart 1, Mrs. Bryan 2\. Shadow work, Miss Kingston 1, Mrs. A. Tottenhofer 2. Fancy wool work, Miss Kingston. Pin cushion, Miss Kingston 1, Mrs. W. Applcdorf 2. Cruel work, Miss Kingston» Supper'cloth. Mis. H. Smait. Collection of crochet doyleys, Miss King- ston. Cushion cover, Mrs. H. Smart 1, Miss-Kingston 2. Drawn-thread work, Miss Kingston 2. Best dressed doll, Miss E. Tubbs. * Flowers.-Collection native berries, G. Nicholls 1, 1\ Gall 2. Cut flowers, Mrs. G. Cooper l^Mrs. H. Neilson 2. Floral basket, Miss'E. M. Ackroyd 1, Miss C. Zanotti 2. Floral device, Miss E. M. Ack- royd. Buttonhole, Mrs. Applodorf 1. Mr. Sohauppe 2. Pansies, Mrs. II. Neilson. Lady's spray, Miss E. M. Ackroyd. Vegetables.-Collection of vegetables (6 varieties). A'? Tottenhofor 1; G. Nicholls 2. Potatoes (six varieties), A. Tottenhofer. Do. Beauty, T. II. Bryan 1, A. Totten- hofer 2. Do., Californian, Duffy 1, A. Tottenhofer 2. Do. black, A. Fehlberg 1, C. Fehlberg 2. Do. Freeman, A. Fehlberg 1\. C. Fehlberg 2.. Up- to-dates, C." Fehl berg 1, A. Fehlberg 2. Purple Johns, C. Fehlberg 1, E. Hall 2. Pinkeyes, A. Totten- hofer 1, G. Voss 2. Cabbages (tlnee beads), J. Large 1, A. Fehlberg 2. Pumpkin, Ii. Hickman 1, A. Fehlberg 2. Onions, Bryan 1, E. P. Jaques 2. Vegetable marrows, A. R. Coopor. Table turnips,'A. Totten- hofer 1, A. Fehlberg: 2. Table swedes, F. Gall, jun., 1, G. Nicholls 2. Intermediate carrots, C. Fehlberg. Carrots (three biuichas), C. Fehlberg. Shorthorn carrots, A. Tottenhofer. Parsnips, A. Tottenhofer 1, C. Fehlberg 2. Green peas, H. Weston. Potatoes, any \ariety, A. Tottenhofer 1, B. Ackroyd 2. - , Fruit.-Champion próe, G. IT. Voss 1, J. Doran 2. Collection of apples (five fruits), J. Doran 1, C. Fehlberg 2. Collec- tion of pears, A. 'Cooper. Dessert, apples, C Fehlberg 1, A.,Coopor 2. Collection cooking apples, J. Doran 1, Mrs. P. F. Devine 2. Scarlet Pearmains, A. Eiszelo 1\. E. Hall 2. - New Yorks, G. H. Voss 1, A. Fohlborg 2. Sturmers, II. Weston 1, J. E. Howard 2, C. Fehlberg h.c. French .Crabs, G. H. Voss 1, A. Uiszels, 2. l-arg est apple, G. H. Voss. Pears, A. Cooper 1 and 2. Quinces, A. Fehlberg 1, A. C. Anderson 2. Caso of graded appies for ex- port, J. E. Howard 1, J. Doran 2. Half caso do., R. Hickman 1, J. Doran 2, Jonathans, J. Doran 1, C. Fehlbeig 2. Prince Alfreds, E. Hall 1, G. H. Voss 2. Alexanders^ A. Fehlberg 1, II. Fehlberg 2". Aromatic, C. Fehlberg 1, A. Cooper 2. Sr. Lawrence, C. Fehlberç. Delaware (red winter), H. Petersen. Vi ellington, A. O. Anderson. Alfriston, A. Fehlbeig 1, C. Fehlberg 2. Five Crown Pippin, G. H. Voss. Crow Eggs, C. Fehlberg h.c. Blen- heim Orange, 0. Fehlberg. Peasgood, H. Smart. Children's Section.^-Bandwrittag, Grace Fehlberg 1, 'Myrtle Warren 2. Vegetables, W. Tottenhofer 1, H. Appledorf 2, D. Fehl- berg 3. Native berries, Colin Nicholls. Map of India, S. O'Brien 1, Grace Fehl- berg 2. Buttonholes, Myrtle Warren 1, Grace Fehlberg 2. Plain handkerchief, Chrissie Fehlberg 1, Mildred Ackroyd 2. Plain handkerchief (under 9), Ethel De vino. Pencil drawing (water-can), W. Hall 1, F. Duffy 2. Brushwork, D. Devine 1, Selia Stollmaker 2. Crayon drawing, A. O'Brien 1, Daisy Devine 2. Hemstitched handkerchief, Grace Fehlberg 1, Celia Stellmaker 2. Chip carving, F. Duffy 1, F. Foster 2. Crayon, drawing, Miss De- vine. . . A chopping match was also held ir. con- nection with the show. There were ten entries in this chop, and it was ivon by Frank White. H. White was second, and F Gale third. The logs were eighteen inches. 