KTEWS AND NOTES. H. TcitNEit, Cornki. for durable tanJtB and cani).* Mrs. Utick, an old residgnt of Newra, died on Monday last. Tho prico of beof has boon considerably roduced at Casino. There was auother v-ry fino fall ef rai- last Suuday — after a six hours' drought. Alleged that Mr. M'&lahon;, of tho Tweed, will oppose Mr. Hiudmaish ut the next State elections, Mr. Massey Grcono, tho selected Liberal candidate, addressed no less than 16 meetings last week. All South Coast Shows lose this year. Shoalbavon is £80 behind. Berry may fare tho worst. Harry Houdini has made a succcessful aaria] flight on a biplane at Melbourne, covering nearly four miles in 3min. 46sco. At Grahamstown, near Adelong, a lady -?]- lapsed and died on rcceiviug a telegram intimating the death of her brother. The Lady Superior of the Sisters of Merry at KingLeten, wno was t ho founderess of the Order in Australia, died on Saturday. At least cie N.S. W. eandidato fora Federal seat will find when the elections are over, that it costs a pretty penny, oven ts put up a losing fiflht. Tanks, Tanks ! Have you sepn D. Scatt's prices for tank*.* Mr. P. S. Hart is, dentist of Kernqpsey, has just imparted a 15 h. p. Star motor car. By the way Ihorc aro mote motor cars in Kempsej' than in any other town on the North Coast. Mr. A. Heugh has sold his farm at Billinun' ? gel to Messrs. Swift and M'Luren, two gentle men from EngUnd. Mr. Heugh, who at time wasa resident of Pimlico, goes to Athertm.. Mr. J. M. Liviugstone, a well-known Li - more vet, who has been studying c»ntagioi.» aliortion in cows for the past two years, claiii -, to have discovered the cause, and Bays tl. ? trouble can be averted at a trilling expense. Mr. Doolcy, M.L.A., member for Hurley, i-.- visiting tho Richmond electorate in the in terests of tho selected Labor candidate, Mr. W. N. Gillies. Ho will speak at Tentei field on the 30th inst., and will work down to Casino. Under the new dental regulations an appli cant for registration as a dentist must submit with his application an unmounted photo graph of himself, duly signed. Apparently some ex-prison official must be on tho Dental Board. Cr. Jas. Lumsden informs the Nowra Leader that the total cost of the consulting engineer (Mr. Stillwoll) and acting engineer (Mr. ChI leii) last year was £70, as against £187 under the old arrangement. The nett savinp to the Shire is £117 per year. At 8 a.m. on Friday last a fire was noticed in the window of Clifton'B chemist shop, ak Crookwell. The fire waB caused through a globe of colored glass in the window acting ns a burning glass, and concentrating tho sun'e rays on some woodwork. The following trustees have been appointed for reserve No. 44,646, set apart for Mechan ics' Institute site at Dungarubba: — Arthur VVhipps, Robert Gollan, Pierio AuguBtine Hoare, Michael O'Farrell, Sunucl Wilson, George Dugg and Samuel Giggins. James Price, aged 22 years, a fettler, was run down by a train on the North Shoie line on Monday morning. In an attempt to get out of the way of one train ho walked in front of another, which passed over both fegs crush ing them to pulp. He died on admission to the hospital. For Bick headache, heartburn, sour stomach, constipation, & , use Cavanough's Li* or Tonia* Count Morner says that the Premier will have to apologise to hiin regurdiWJ the state ments on the Immigration question. He says that for 19 days the Premier has had tho demand for an apology from the Danish Govern ment who issued the warning to emigrants coming to Australia. The Stanley M'Kay Comedy Company is back again on the Northern Rivers. The Co. this time includes two noted uctrosses — Miss Sara Collins, regurded as one of Australia's most promising artists, aud Miss Clara StephonBon, who was supporting Tit tell Brune in her Australian tours. Some time Bgo Mrs. Mondham, a resident of Wyong, was admitted to the hospital suffering from the ciTects of uu operation. She lingered until Friday, when she died. Her depositions were taken, which caused the police to arrest a married woman at Smithfield on a charge of murder. Mr. A W. Wotherspoon was given a send off at Nowra School of Arts on Monday evening prior to his departure for ColFs Har bor. The function was carried out by district cricketers. Mr. Wotherspoon was presented with a gold medal suitabiy inscrioed, and Mrs. WothcrBpoon with a handsome silver vase. The Tweed Herald reports that Mr. F. Brady, Fingal Lighthouse, sustained a heavy loss last week. During the high wind that prevailed on Thursday his buggy (a com paratively new one) was blown over the cliff into the sea, There is no chance of it being recovered, as since Sunday several spokes and other fragments have been picked up on the beach. It is stated on good authority that Mr. Peter Bowling, of Newcastle strike fame, is by birth an Irishman, whoso youth and part of his manhood were spent in Scotland, and that his real name is Boyle ; but that owing to getting mixed up with a lot of industrial failures in Scotland, strikes, etc., he left, and came to Australia. At what stage in the transaction ho becamo Bowling and ceased to be Boyle is a moot point. — Standard, Sydney. Messrs. Finigan and Glaister, renowce) PainleBS Dentists, will visit Woodburn the first Wednesday in each month ; Coraki au other centres as advertised. Gold Fillings and Artificial Teeth a speciality, at Sydney prines. * Tho statement that gas engines aro 50 per ctml- l^ss liable to breakdowns than steam engines has aroused a disoussion, from which it appears that many insurance engineers regard tho Binall gas ongino as more reliable than the small steam engine, but consider the reverse to be true with large engines. In the small machines, the gaB engines receive the best efforts of the manufacturers, whilo it is given much more attention in running than is bestowed upon tho steam engine. A Queensland municipality recently sold four allotments of land belonging to an un discoverable owner, who owed arrears of rates totalling £7 10s 3d. Tho land realised exactly 5s at auction, and as tho cost of the sale was £1, tho council had no difficulty in deajing with the surplus ! It has since transpired that Mr. Labat, engineer to Gwyder (N.S.W.) Shiro was tho owner of the proporty, which he purchased 27 years ago for £80. Evidently it had depreciated somewhat in value. A terrific explosiou occurred at Fitzroy, Melbourne, early on Saturday morning. Four two-storey brick buildings were blown to pieces. Several were injured, and some had miraoulous escapes. It is reported the ex plosion sounded like the discharge of a cannon, and brought thousands of people into the streets. Investigations by detectives revealed astounding facts, and show thut one of the injured men had made a confession of a remarkable nature. He alleged that an insur ance of £500 was effected on certain stock, which was then removed, and the place filled with shavings saturated with oil. On going to light this, he states, an explosion oocurred, with the result stated above. 