KISCELLAXE0U8. The Hamburg-Amerika Company lias de cided to order a huge liner, 800ft. in length, with a tonnage of from 45,000 to 50,000. The new vessel will have a speed of 21 knots, and will be built on special slips at the Vulcan^vords, Stettin. | The Chinese Government is taking mea sures to reassert its sovereignty in Tibet. A body of 2,000 Chinese has been sent to re inforce the garrison at Lhasa. The Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria has signed the act granting a constitution to Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Spanish Cabinet has decided to ex tend a free pardon to 2,000 political offen ders, including a number of those concerned in the Barcelona disturbances last year. The Congo Budget has been adopted in the Belgium Parliament by 79 votes to 40. The revenue continues to be derived mainly from forced labour. In tne Canton of Vaud, in Switzerland, a woodcutter named Ogay, who was de mented through religious fanaticism, built a funeral pyre of wood under a rude woodeu cross, which he fired, and, throwing him self upon it, waa burned to death. A plot to restore ex-President Castro to power has been discovered in Venezuela, and many arrests of participators have been made. Sir Edward Grey, in reply to questions on behalf of the Peace Society, has said that the Government is willing to enter into negotiations for the reduction of arma ments of other Powers are ready to re spond. Sir Hiram Maxim has built a biplane 44ft. long, fitted with an engine ot 80-horee power, and weighing only 2201b. It is also supplied with a gyroscope regulator. It will carry a driver and two passengers. A large public meeting at Toronto has unanimously recommended Sir Wilfrid Laurier to add two or more Dreadnoughts to his uaval proposals, and to build them first. The manuscript of the .original version of Goethe's "Wilheim Meister has been dis covered in Zurich. It contains much un known material. Immigration from Europe to Canada is starting earlier than usual this year. All steamers henceforward will be crowded, mostly with a good class of artisans and Ittna bands., _ . A fire broke out in a theatre in Teuxillo, Peru, while a cinematograph performance was proceeding. A panic took place amongst the audience, and fifty people were killed? The Geneva Observatory has located a new comet, quif* near to Ualley's comet. The Minister of Finance in France is imposing 19 per cent, tax on admissions to race meetings. It is estimated that £40,000 wiB be realised in this way. The Czar no# drives almost daily through the streets id St. Petersburg without an escorts The secret poRce ere alarmed for his safety, The Danish Government las Introduced * bill into Parliament proving that no better cdwAbe exported which contains more than H -per cent. oT moisture, thus eoirfonning totbe English standard, Three <3 AbdnVHamid's di " is^ to wtantinople. -It M Understood tlwt Abdol Hamid's eomBtkmjwas soeh-a*. to rends? it impossible for them to remain at Salo aflta, where be'Is living under resfrajtrt. The !i*t of applications for fas JSew^Bohth . iftfles 84 pet cettt. wnvemofi Joan of aLSSBsn. offered at 97, has been closed. for atcnwdjfiteffert, the net was under PStiee « orowd 