The Consuls and Australia. To the Editor. Sir, — The ? recent attack* of the Danish and Swedish Consuls upon Australia as a field for immigration has Ixtcn quite uncalled for. Their statements published in the Sydney daily press are of so misleading a character that Premier Wade could be ])crfcctly justified in asking the British Government to recall Count Morncr, the Swedish Consul, and Mr. I... \V. Marckcr, the Danish Consul. One wonders what excep tional facilities these gentlemen possess so as to constitute them selves as arbiters of Australia and iis conditions. The career of the former gentleman lias been more in. diplomatic circles than in the com mercial world, he having been. 1 believe, for some time on the staff of the Turkish Embassy, while Mr. Marcker is, of course, well known to the Government of New South Wales. The latter gentleman's career was thoroughly investigated bv them when he was appointed Consul, and with all due respect to hitn I do not consider him a lead ing authority in the commercial world. Mr. Marckcr says: 'The Consul ate repeats that for commercial people or people without a trade Australia is the last place to come to.' That could be said of any country where immigrants arc land ed who possess no avocation at their finuer- tips, We don't want immigrants, whether foreigners or English-speaking folk, wl\o possess no kind of a profession or trade, or knowledge of tarming pursuits. They are as unemployable here as elsewhere. A man trained up in a certain line, unless he is a rank duffer, can generally secure work in his sphere somewhere in Aus tralia. And I say, from my lim ited l--nowledge, that Australia to the foreigner, provided he can speak the English language, and who is well versed in some form of commerce, a trade, nr a profession, or in farming pursuits, offers a wide field for his enterprise. To the credit of most of the Danish and Swedish so.ttlcrs in Australia, they do not endorse the statements of their Consuls. Nor how could they, when one recalls the many fine positions they have made for themselves in their adopted coun try ? A foreigner here, provided he knows the language well, has as niuch chance as ourselves in mak ing a good thing. I know several Swedes nnd Danes holding good commercial situations in Sydney, while those engaged in trade have fine shops of their own, and have businesses to be envied. Afany en gaged in dairying and other coun trv pursuits are very comfortablv off, and have been able to make repeated trips to Europe. No doubt the Consuls named dis like seeing young men of their countries emigrating abroad, and utilise every opportunity to say so. This is legitimate enough as long as the resources and opportunities which Australia offers to immi grants is not misrepresented. A man may 'give bold advertise ment' in the most alluring lan iruagc to the goods ho has to sell, but he dare not oncnly run down those of his rivals. The same thing applies to the Consuls. They may crack up their own na tions till further orders, but thev have no riirht to wilfullv misrepre sent Australia. — I am, etc., ? CORNSTALK. The wheatgrowers of New South Wales are being effectually roused by the '.'Newsletter' articles to the way they .are being robbed by the Sydney .Millers' Ring. The expo sure hi last week's 'Newsletter' was a perfect eye-opener! 