London Cables. [Tas. Press Associationr-Copyright.] VICTORIAN EMIGRATION DELEGATES. BANQUET (IN LONDON. LONDON, Wednesday. — The Vic torians m Londongave a banquet last night to Messrs. H7 M'Kenzie and El vvopd Mead, the Victorian Emigration Delegates. Mr. Chas. Hermann Goschen, a di rector of the Bank of England, pre sided, and over 150 leading financiers and merchants were present. Amongst those present . were Sir Charles Lucas, K.C.M.G., Under Sec retary for the Colonies ; Sir George Reid, High Commissioner; Mr. -A. A. Kirkpatrick, Agent-General for South Australia; Sir T. D. Robinson, Agent General for Queensland; and Dr. J. M'CaD, Agent-General for Tasmania. Mr.' Goschen, the President, said Britain welcomed the delegation and did not grudge them any immigrants, since their going would foster the Im perial spirit amongst all classes in Aus tralia. Sir John Cockburn, who was Agent General for South Australia until 1901, in proposing the toast of 'The Guests,'' said they_ were engaged on an Imperial mission in solving the problem of the adjustment of the population of the Em pire. Mr. M'Kenzie, Victorian Minister 'of Agriculture and Water Supply, in res ponding, said the preBS, people and authorities in Britain had welcomed them most generously in not; suggest ing that Victoria was robbing' Britain of her manhood ; but the fact remained that Britain imported 60 per cent, of her foodstuffs,. whereof Australia sent her 3 per cent. This alone Justine] the delegation; '? 1 ??'—?''' Mr. Elwood Mead, chairman of the Victorian State Rivers and Water Siip nlv Commission. ? said Victoria would be satisfied if a number, of thrifty/ en ergetic agriculturists of high character were secured. He emphasised the im portance of fostering small holdings, and instanced the large yields obtained from crops of lucerne. ? The grower in Australia to-day may be the banker of the next generation. The dairymen selected would help to make the Vic torian butter ai well known as Danish by enabling Australia to supply Britain throughout the year. Sir John Taverner, Agent-General for Victoria, insisted on the absence of any rivalrv between the Australian States and overseas dominions in immigration matters. Mr. Charlton, vice-president of the London Chamber of Commerce; Sir John Bingbam,, of Sheffield; and Mr. J. M. Pratt, a well-known Australian, also spoke, : 