AUSTRALIAN IMMIGRATION. AUSTRALIANS have received rather a shock recently by learn-<*> ing that in both Denmark and Swed-<*> en notices have been issued to the newspapers seeking to dissuade emi grants from going to Australia or New Zealand, as It is asserted that the difficulties of subsistence have increased considerably. This naturally comes aa more than a sur prise when familiar with the favour able conditions existing at present all over Australia. It is only nec essary to point to our prosperity and give the figures of our produc tion to show that the statement made about the difficulty of getting employment is quite unwarranted. Jt has bren stated by the Danish and Swedish Consuls at Sydney that neither of their countries can spare agricultural immigrants, and that they have difficulty in placing those of other occupations when they ar rive here. No one will quarrel with the frank way in which these nations have shown their resentment at los ing their population, and the pos ition will be readily understood if we consider how we should be put out if endeavours were made to tempt any Australians away to other lands. But we can have grave doubts regarding the basis of xheir contention, and more especially when it is learned that the prompting came from the statement of an irre sponsible Labour member of Parlia ment. Jt seems that the remarks of Mr. Holman, M.L.A., at New castle last November, have served this ignoble purpose. He then stat ed that a steady stream of immi gration was being directed to Aus tralia "by the dissemination of de liberate lying statements." llu also said that "the immigrants found themselves upon arrival in a fool's paradise, into which they had been deluded by the deliberate lies of an unprincipled Government." It needs little comment, when aware of the temperament of the speaker of such Hcntiinents, but it shows how very far reaching and dangerous these utter ances are. We readily discount the cheap talk of agitators, but in other places a significance is given to words that they should not bear. Without fear of contradiction it can to plainly stated that in Australia, and particularly in Queensland, those sincerely desirous of employment have not to look • far before obtain ing it. The best answer to such derogatory statements is afforded in the way in which immigrants havo improved their positions all over the State, and tho unhestitating man ner in which they have recommended the country to their relatives and friends. 