The Geraldton Guardian For Country, Faith, and Justice, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1910. THE FEDERAL LAND TAX BILL. The attention of all Australia is now beir.g directed to the bid for im- presing a Federal land tax which is now being debated in Parliament.The bill is being subjected to main crit- cism. We are gravely told that it will drive capital out of the country, aim a deadly blow at the pastorn in- dustry,inaugurate an era of confis- cation, etc. A sufficient repiv to these arguments is that the people of Australia, by an overwhelming ma- jority, gave a mandate to parlia- ment to pass this measure when they elected the Party to power. There is not the slightest indication that the people, as a whole, regret their action, or wish to vary their mandate, in one solitary particular Inasmuih as it is one of the very first a\ionis of democratic government that the will of the people must be obey- ed, the Federal Parliament has no option but to pass tho measure. The people demanded this measure from the Fusion Government, and not re- ceiving it withdrew their support. Similarly, if the Fisher government refused to pass the measure. They would have a poor chance of re elec- tion at the ensuing elections. As a matter of fact, the Federal govern- ment is resolutely determined to pass the bill. The day of the graduated land tax has arrived. The Position. in this State, we are not suffering from the evils of large estates to the same extent as the people of the Eas- tern States. Yet the growth of many f ov.ns his been severely handicapped, if not absolutely strangled, in the past. Geraldton, Northampton, York. and others that might be mentioned are all cases in point. Our escape from worse evils has been little short of miraculous. The enormous Hamp- don Plains Estate, sold in tho early days at 2s 6d per acre, reached to within one mile of -Coolgardie and some three or four miles of the Boul- der. Had it been a little larger, or a slightly different shape, the great mines of Kalgoorlie and Coolgarardie would have been on this absentee company's freehold land. In fact when Cooljrardie was discovered, it was be- lieved to be located within the hamp- ton Plains estate. If this had been the case, our great mining industry would have been fettered from the very start. the second great impe tus to our development came from settlement along the Great Southern. A very large proportion of the land, whitch has been the centre of this become of settlement, was formerly the property of the W.A.L. company, which built the Great Southern Rail- way. Disgusted 'at the slow progress then being made, the companv sold its concession. Had it decided to hang on for a few years more, the farmers would have had to aquire their farms from a syndicate of land speculators. What assistance could the Agricultural Bank give to farm- ers located on the company's free- hold ? Is it Iikely that the company would have sold at 10s per acre pay. able over 20 years ? Scarcely ! if that property had remained in the hands of the company, the history of and settlement would have been dif- ferent. How the great Midland estate has held back the progress of the North we all know. The great tim- ber leases, granted at the rates of £50 per annum for 250,000 acres the tim- ber on which is worth scores of thou- sands of pounds, absolutely block set- tlements until the leases expire and sorce have many years to run Other large estates, such as the mammoth peel Estate, remain a virgin wilder- ness, though the progress of the state has multiplied their value manifold. In this State, we have had such truly marvellous escapes as to warn us ag- ainst the fatuous folly of allowing the accumulation of large areas in the hands of any company or individual. The Eastern States. In New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania tho position is deplorable. Large estates, frequently consisting of 1,000,000 acres and upwards of the finest land in the State, possessing miles of river frontage, are under sheep. A mere handful of shepherds and rouseabouts is all the labor they employ. Immigration is impossible; settlement is blocked ; the area of land under cultivation is diminishing; the railways are starved of freight merely that the squatter, living on her wool, may hang back while the de- velopment of the State trebles and quadruples the improved value of his broad acres. The sons of the old set- tlers, when they want land, must leave their homes to find freehold land in Queensland or West Australia, plus it is that in New South wales and Victoria, the population of whole counties is diminishing, meanwhile, the owners of these large estate buy up more hand, and lay down the once cultivated fields under sheep. This is why the agricultural returns of New South Wales are diminishing. These are the evils which the graduated Fe- deral land tax is primarily designed to remedy. Other Remedies. A graduated land tax alone is not sufficient to prevent the aggregation of large estates. The industry of nrpolising large areas of land is sufficiently profitable to enable it to pay the tax and still pay huge divi- dends, extracted from the pockets of the producers. There are two other possible remedies. One is to adopt the Danish system of land tax units. under this system, a certain area of land, which is fertile enough to pay annually a specific sum as land tax, the tax being computed at a stated number of pence in each £ of the un- improved value, is termed a 'land tax unit.' Its boundaries are defined, in Denmark, the home of intense cul- ture, the unit is made very email. Here we can make it what we please to suit our own conditions, say, 3000 acres of first class land, 4000 of Sec- ond class, and 5000 of third class Whatever the unit is, one individual may only hold one unit. if a second unit comes to him by marriage, or inheritance, or in any other way, he has twelve months in which to sell it to a bona fide producer. if he does not sell it within that time, the Gov- ernment sells it by public auction and hands him the proceeds, less expenses. New 7ealand has passed a law incep- perating a system analogous to this The other method is to enforce the Fundamental Law, which has always been law, and is today, though it is never enforced. Under our law. The freeholder has in perpetuity the usu- fruct or right of fruitful use, of his freehold — this and nothing more. If he does . not cultivate it, then he com- mits a breach of his covenant with the Crown. This law is rigidly en- forced on our own goldfields. For each mining area, so many men must be employed, that is, so much develop- ment work must be done, or the area, unless specially granted exemption, is forfeited for breach of the labor con- ditions. If it is just and right to forfeit a goldfields property, which produces only gold, which is neither food nor raiment in itself, is it not even more just to forfeit a holding of agricultural land, which produces the absolute necessaries of life, the com modities without which life cannot be sustained ? No one desires harsh me thods ; no man nowadays desires con- fiscation of legally acquired property. what is required is that the fresh.1 der should fulfil the conditions of fruitful use, which are the specific conditions on which the Crown gran- ted ihe holding. The day of Govern- ments sympathetic with land mon- opoly is rapidly passing. The day is rapidly coming when the people will insist that all arable land shall be cultivated, and only grazing land un fit for cultivation be depastured by sheep or cattle. Tried by every law, human or divine, this demand is in trinsically just. 