PROTECT I ON AN D IMMIGRATION. In the "Telegraph " yesterday were published two messages ; one relating to Sweden, the other relating to Denmark. Superficial thinkers may, say that both of those messages, showing that Ministers for Foreign Affairs in tho countries named, when seeking to dissuade their people from c-migrating to Australia and -IJew Zealand, because of <the diffi culty of obtaining' a living -in those countrics, did only a very simple thing. In the estimation of suoh super ficial thinkers, the Ministers' Acts are only matters of prudence. We feel sure that the notices said to have- been issued by the Ministers were in terms, which showed that they were intended to give not mere prudential advice, but economic information. They did not speak of the "difficulties of obtaining subsistence." Those are generic terms. The Ministers in question must have used specific terms. They must have told their people that in Australia, and in New Zealand, the cost of living Is so great that. Swedish 'and Danish wage earners may find it difficult to obtain a living. If these Ministers are worthy ot the places they occupy, they must have observed that the higher rate of living has an adequate, cause. What causes the rate of living in' Austra lia and New Zealand to be so -high ? There is only one cause. Priceq.. arc .high when commodities to be bought are. scarce ; and commodities to be - bought are': scarce' from one or two-causes. ' Either there is a shortage of production;' or there is production under conditions which tend- to raise prices. What are those conditions ?' Indisputably, protection is one of them, in America, there now is' a powerful agitation for . higher., wages, because r.the ; .cost' -of living- is so much higher. Protectionists atiirm that this higher cost of ..living is not dn.e .to protectiop..-- So'mif other 'per- ' sons,' tWhether< of protection jor/.frbetradc:- parties," they being persons of common - sense, declare that protection iilone,is the, primary cause of the higher' cost: of living. . ' ' - Mr. James Hill, a well known American, authority' in. these allairs, recently speak ing at Washington, sata : The cost. ,oV Jiving is raised by. tnc relative , scarcij-,y of bread and by the' artificial increase in the prices of , all manufactured articles. Other interesting statements on' . this . subject are contained in . ar'ircular issued by' Messrs.- John . VI. Davis- and- Co., bankers, of New York, who say : "Pros- peritv was unfairly divided, wages ad vancing a moderate percentage .of the in creased living cost, while salaries '. re in-lined unchanged,, so that., what was sufficient'" in 1896-R for comfortable living.' life insurance provision, education of children, &c.;, became in 1906 . hopelessly inadequate, in consequence, a numerically important bodv of men forcibly demanded- investigation and reir-edy. The gold dollar had been established, but its' purchasing \ power had iUIlcn to , 60 or 70 per cent of; what it had been," anil, was 10. to -20, per cent under its purchasing value for most necessities in other countries. Profes sional and salaried men had no share in the greater wealth; the labourer a small portion ; the farmer a large return for his products, largely otfset . by greatly in creased cost of everything he used, for the beneficiaries were mainly manufac turers, whether in trusts or independent, and incidentally owners of railroads and those moneyed institutions which' financed' new methods of commercialism." And then, further dealing with the "in fant industries" argument, ' Messrs: Davis say The Intelligent voter, recognising that he paid more for clothing, foodstuffs, medicines', furnitute, ' rents," &c.;, than his' neighbour in less tarilf-ridden coun tries, believed that Whereas. he had con sented years ago, and perhaps wisely, to a tariff ; to protect "infant industries" and Tb maintain high wages, his act'ion had resulted in creating an oligarchy oi manufacturers, largely combined in trusts," whose '"infant; industries" had developed into giants able to produce at- smaller cost than rivals in any other Jand, whose labour cost cut small figure,. Who gave ;to him none -of the benefits 'of protection against rivals and the right to combine, and who resisted in Congress through its senators and representatives every effort to correct abuses. Other American writers . ofiackoowlodgcd authority are even more emphatic on the same subject. And the following, from the. "Daily Mail,!' of London,1 of 29 til December last, a paper, that can not he accused of frectradc tendencies, is an additional light on tho tamo sub ject. :- That, paper said : " The high cost of . living in America is to lie thoroughly -discussed at a "conference of railway managers and employees on Mbnday next. If the programme ot the Brother hood of Railway ' Employees is carried out, managers will bo confronted with 'demands for increases in wages ranging from 5 to 40 per cent on the wages of 75,000 employees. If these demands are not granted, Mr. II. D. Perlum, liead of 'the railway department of the Ameri can Federation of Labour, declares the advisability of a general strike ofrail- j waymen ' being immediately considered. \- The ' railways have already ' announced unofficially that their attitude towards the demands of the men will not be an arbitrary one." These quotations suffice j for"- showing that in the opinion: of .well | informed persons, protection raises the .cost of living, and our two messages of yesterday show that foreign Govern ments aro making notes, and. uttering warnings concerning the effects of pro tection in Australia and New Jtealand. They are -showing that it. must seriously I affect emigration from those, .countries! the' Emigration' of ' persons ' who ? would' . miikd first-class' settlers for 'Australia: Tho who|d thing may be taken to -show; thait while protection may ' be 'a very, good thing for the wage earner, .who is protected, it . is a very bad tiling for the; wage earner who is not -protected. It Is a. case of- top dog and bottom ' dog, 1 while so few dOgs are on the top, and so 'many dogs are at the bottom., 