From Day to Day. An Epitome of the Week's News. 'While M. -Mallon was aeroplaning at HaVre, at tike month of the Seine, liis motor jeealsed work when he was at a height of 975®;. Titue aeronaut escaped injury by "descending in a Planting direction until he reached the water of the hiaAor. In connection with the Germain military manoeuvres, in progress at Diederihlofem, thie alirship Zeppelin 1., witih •a creiw of 10 men and officers in addition to the Governor of Metz and several staffoffioers, is engaged in a reconirtailt/rinlg ±our. Galoiss and Barseval airships wiffl also take part in the manoeuvres. M iftue Bounaem'ouith av.ia.tian carnival M. MKxoame aaptuiied the first P rize for spefed, altitude, sea-fight, and general merit, his total winnings amounting totfver £3,000. Here Drexed and .Sir Grafc>ame White were among the chief prize-wiiniuers. A Danish aeatoiiianit, maimed Svenden, on Satturday flew an aeroplane from Copenhagen to Malmoe (a distance of 17 miles) in 31 minutes. - .The poifce. are digging in •and around a mansion -ait lie "Vesinet, in Plans, in the belief that a Belgiilan, mSmed Ver- •meeau, bias been murdered theme by <faw» Beldams amd a w<dman wfa'o were temporarily entrusted with the care of theprelmieeis. Vea>me!ca.u has not been seen since he wroite in March last announcing his return to the mansion. The caretakers of the premises laive ®hie Miairquis of Nonfchihampton at the •head of a special mission, which included Admiral Sir Aafthur Eansfcaiwe, •has arrived ait Paniis to announce the Accession of King George. •The "North Gemmari Gazette" regards the Bti'sso-Jaipaaese agreement as a surety for the maintenance of peace in •the Far Bast, and remalrks: "Hie idea fchteit it is due to British piacflMnalt&cns; in the interests of an anti-German qualdruple entente has never been taken seriously in weill- inforimed German (Mir P. G. Emox, American Secretary of Sfcalte, oomtemlplaltes infervemn^ i.n Uhe Nioaafagnan revolution with a view of ending the reign of anarchy and bloodshed. A twerilty-four hlours cycling race held alt London Stadlium was won by J. BE. RMuap, whto covered 501 miles 860 yards in the time mentioned. j 'In 1906 E. Bubours travelled 815 anile? 1,408 yards on an indoor track -in Fiance in 24 hours. In the same country in 1900 A. E. Walters rode 634 miles 774 yamds cn ain outdoor track. Mr. LlovJ-George, Chancellor of the Exchequer, has denied a report, circulated by iiis political opponents, that he had vowed he would, if he remained in office, not allow any private citizen a greater income than-£10,000 a year. : A cloud-burst in Kentucky damaged the tobacco, corn, and wheat crops, as well as the' live- stock in three counties to the extent of £400,000. The management of the Queen Alexandra Sanatorium at Davor Platz, in Switzerland. has received an anonymous gift of £25,000. Fifteen thousand miners have struck work at Bilbao, in Spain. Greece has....paid. Roumania an indemnity of £800 over the incident in which a number of Greeks boarded a Roumanian . mail steamer at Pirae is (the harbor of Athens) to arrest a deserter. Professor, Fiore and his sister .were murdered after a struggle at a lonely country hons euear Turin, in the north of Italy. The murderers escaped. The value of the estate of the widow of the late Mr. Daniel ^ateman Thornton, of Ne*v Zealand, has been sworn for probate purposes at £15,912. China -is asking Germany -for officers to reorganise the Chinese army . - The Canadian Northern Railway Co. j declares that nobody was injured in the. recent accident that befel one of its trains while conveying a large number of Bristol immigrants. . As peace once more reigns in Crete the withdrawal of the additional foreign warships recently sent to Cretan waters has begun.. At New York on Sunday the Metropolitan Steamship pier, six floats, and several barges were .destroyed by fire. , The damage 7 caused has been estimated at £500,000. Forest fires in the Lardo, Nelson, Keslo, and Kootenay districts in the Rocky Mountains have caused immense destruction. Hundreds of railway and Government employees are out fighting the flames. The capsizing of a boat in the rapids on the Mekong River, below Luang-Prabang, . in French Lado-China, a few days ago, resulted in the drowning of General de Beylle (commander of the Third Brigade in French Indo-China), the chief medical officer of Laos, and three natives. . Much indignation has been expressed in shipping circles over the action of a Russian gunboat in seizins? the Hull trawler Onward Ho in lat. 68.38 N. and long. 41.44 E. The Russian commander contended that the White Sea was an inland water. Sir Edward Grey (Secretary of State for Foreign Affair.) intervened in the matter, and as a result the trawler was released. The Chinese pirates on Coloane Island (in ti e Portuguese province of Mact», at the couth of the Canton River) are dodging from cave to cave in the hope of escaping from the Portuguese, who have regained possession of the island. Twenty of the pirates have already been cap tured, but the fighting continues. A great storm of wind and rain raged on Monday in Sydney and suburbs. The wind attained a velocity in the afternoon of from 40 to 60 miles an hour, and the rain was continuous until nightfall. A good deal of damage was done to property, roofs and verandahs being carried away. The heaviest falls of snow on the Blue Mountains for years occurred on Monday, the snow being four feet in places, and trains were partially snowed up, and greatly delayed: The storm was responsible for a shocking double fatality at Waterloo. A building collapsed, and live"" electric wires fell on some telephone lines, which were under repair, electrocuting Malcolm Mathison. of Forest Lodge, and John Ogg, of Leichhirdt. In response to the offer of a reward, Chilbani, who belongs to a band of brigands that had for some time been terrorising the Oran district, in Algeria, recently bound his chief, Labane, while the latter lay asleep, and then delivered him to the French; authorities. Chibani has been detained as a participator in all of Labane's crimes. Mr. Asquith stated, in reply to ; Viscount Castlereagh in the House of Commons, that German syndicates had resumed the practice of paying bounties on exports of manufactured articles in iron and steel, but the German Government was, so far as he was aware, not .associated with the arrangement. The Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Railroad Company has increased the wages of its engineers by 12 per cent. It has also made substantial increases in the wges of its other employees. Lloyd's Agency reports that the German steamer Attika {1,700 tons) was recently lost off the north coast of Africa through: the effect of a volcanic eruption. The ycrew. landed at Oran, in Al : geria. The London County Council has resolved to inform the proprietors of music halls under its jurisdiction that the exhibition of the cinematograph pictures of the recent fight between Johnson and Jeffries for the boxing championship of the world is undesirable. The annual report of the Government Resident of thje Northern Territory shows that the population is 3,004, representing an increase of 41 lor the twelve months. There has been a decrease of 152 Asiatics, and an increase of 193 Europeans. An outbreak of black measles has taken place at Templenoe, in Kerry. ' So far 47 cases, of which seven have proved fatal, have been reported. The Minister-for Home Affairs (Mr. O'Malley),: having been unable to secure the services of Sir. Guilfoyle, the late curator of the Botanical Gardens, Melbourne, on the subject of the afforestation of the Federal capital area, has . referred the matter to another expert. It is proposed to start Ly planting 1,000,000 trees. Syed Abdullah, a prominent Persian, \^u^assassinated at Teheran on Saturday. I^Vwas exiled duriag the late Shah's reign, and retimed to Persia early this year. He was suspected recently of seeking to secure the manipulation of the Constitution in. his own interests. V Two of the King's hoises, Slim Lad and Perrier, have been sold for Buenos Ayres. The former realised 630 guineas and the latter 2,000 guineas. The - British military airship Beta, which made a successful flight to London ; and back last Tuesday, broke a crank while journeying to Bournemouth on " LUisday. and had to descend at Andov- The French barque Mezly, bound from Hobart to San Francisco, was towed into Sydney on Thursday night dismantled. Her captain never expected to see land again, and his crew also made up their minds to a water} 7 grave. i j Applications are invited by the Department of External Affairs until August 15 for the position of superintendent of public works in Papua at a salary of £500 per annum; In connection with the gas strike two doctors have reported that Wilson, the dismissed secr^jtary of the Gas Employees' Union, is physically fit for work. It is expected that this will end the trouble. The White Star liner Cevic, when off Miller's Point (New South Wales), bound j for Melbourne, on Friday, came into collision with the North Coast Company's steamer. Duraubah, which sustained damage to the extent of about £200. The Ceic was undamaged, and continued her vovage. i ' . ' The House of Lords, in opposition to the wishes of the Government, inserted in the Census Bill a clause to provide ( for a declaration of religious profes : sion. • j It is officially announced that in : future the King's Colonials will' be j designated King Edward's Horse (the : Kind's Overseas Dominions Regiment.) i J Sir George Eeid (High Commissioner for the Commonwealth) and Lady Read I eniteinba'ined the Australian cadets at the { White City, at Shepherd's Bush. The ; Dowager-Gouritess of Dudley wais present at the gathering. Is is reported that President Taft has urged Mr. James Loeb to become candidate for the Governorship of "New York State. It is doubtful, holwever, that Mr. Loeb will enter the field. It is expected that Vice-Admiral Sir Percy Scott will succeed Vice-Admiral Sir Richai-d Poore as Commander-in- Chief on the Australian station. The South African Cricket Association has resolved that their refusal to send a team to Australia without the financial guarantee asked of the Australian Board of Control, is unalterable unless the conditions change. S. N. Doust (Australia), with J. G. Rit chie (England) and Mrs. Lambert Cham-" bers as partners, won the Berkshire Dou bles and the Mixed Doubles Champion ships. "Ted" Nelson knocked out Clifford, the Californian champion, in the sixth round. The fight took place at New York. The Adelaide Tramwavs Trust has ac cepted the tender of Messrs. F. A. M'- Carthy and Co. for the construction of the permanent way of the outer area tramline for £60,973. Ninety-eight per cent, of the trainmen on the Central Vermont division of the Grand Trunk ailway voted in favor of leaving the service in the event of their demands for increased wages and better working conditions not being granted. Viscount Terauchi, Japanese Minister for War, speaking at Tokio on Saturday, said that Japan would not employ the mailed fist in Korea, nor would she antagonise foreign Powers. Radical changes in the system of government in the Peninsula were, however, necessary. An sensation was created during the aerial tournament at Bournemouth on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Robert Loraine, an actor, while flying a biplane near the sea during a gusty storm of wind and rain was seen to i oil heavily and then disappear. it was feared that he had been driven into the ocean, but it was subsequently ascertained that he had landed safely at Alum Bay. Mr. Alan Boyle, in the course of a monoplane competition, struck a mound in a field, with the result that his machine turned a somersault. He sustained concussion of the brain, but at latest he had partly recovered consciousness. 