DOCKWORKERS' STRIKE.... One thousand dock labourers at .Avon mouth - 'have struck in sympathy (vith;: the dock labourers on strike at Newpbrt: The warehousemen and grainmen lhave also struck in sympathy. One steamer sailed yesterday,-. leaving a portion of her cargo behind. In the House of Commons last night Mr. Churchill, Home Secretary, in answer to questions by Sir F. G. Banbury and Mr. Bonar Law (Conservatives), said that the danger of a riot was so great and the im possibility of dealing ivith it equally so, that it was temporarily .necessary. to prevent Houlder Bros. importing labourers to' New port.. Mr. A. Lyttelton (Cohservative) said that the Opposition did not impeach the Home Office for the course taken, but it de sired to affirm that the temporary risk of a riot would not constitute an excuse fdr mak ing a.permanent change'in the law. In the All-England lawn tennis champion ships, Wilding and Doust were victorious in the third round of. the' singles,\ Wilding de feated Ritchis by 6-2, 6-3, 5-7, 6-2. In the doubles, Doust and Poidevin were victorious in thesecond round. A- Spaniard, who has been i?ashed ashore at Land's End, reports that the Spanish steamer Febrero, 1863 tons, foundered with 23 hands: - \ The Standard of Emprire reports that the Canadian Naval Department.is con ferring with the Admiralty regarding plans for the construction of ten warships. The new flag of the Qieen Mother was hoisted at Buckingham Palace'on Wednes: day. It is a combination of the British and Danish stanidards, and in it la'rge. \thite cross is prominent. It is officially announced- that the Duke of Cornwall. has been created Prince of W\Vales. . The Senate of the United Stites-has pass ed thd bill scht up from the House of RS presentatives reqluirihi" the publication of. contributions to politilal campaigns;:but witiu an amendment providing " that nublication shall take place only after election. Messrs. M'Kenzie and Mead; the Victorian Immigration Delegation, hive;;;.arrived- in Rome, wherecthey ntervew'the Italian Pre mier and the .;linisteir for Foreign Affairs. They succeeded in interesting them iii Vic toria as a field for emigration. 