BREVITIES, _ Nomia Tonic clears away blotches, pimples and all skin affections. * Dog owners aro remindod that thoir canino pots must bo registered beforo tho 31st inst. It is stated on good authority that on ono road leading to Barraba there are 47 gates in 41 miles. Casino police havo notified stallion owners that it is ah offence to parade thoir horses up and down a street. : Tho Royal Prince Alfred Hospital - is seriously overcrowded, ? and 67 cases have been refused admission. Two shipmasters' have beon fined - £200 each for permitting prohibited immigrants to land. .. A woman was fined 10s in Sydney Central Police Court for saying to a constable, 'You're the one' . At Mnrwillumbah four Presby terian families have promised £385 ' towards the cost of a iiow- chui'cli. Cardinal Moran celebrated his 80th birthday on Thursday of last week. He was created the. first Australian ; Cardinal in 1885. A man named Coghlan, ' a travell ing tea agent, was rather severoly kicked by a horse at Mi\ Goulding's place, on Tuesday. ' 4' case; occurred .'at. Giindagai in which a girl , of twelve ;yeors ? of ago became a niothor, the alleged, father' of the child being only 17 years of ' age. - The Danish farmer milks his cows tnree times a day. He claims the midday yield is all to the good, and there will be no less at the evening milking. Kardngi has been created a polling place for the State elections. This will be a great convenience, as there is a good number of electors in the neighbourhood. Penny postage throughout Austra lia, and probably to all parts of the world, will be a fact in May next. On and after January next the stamps of any State may be placed on letters. Amendments have been notified in the licensing, bill,- now bofore the West Australian Assembly, to include' that the Licensing. Courts bo autho rised to allow Sunday opening for five prescribed hours. A competitive examination of can didates for admission to District Schools as probationary students will be held On 20th and 21st October, at the headquarters of inspectors throughout the State. A Grafton parent was fined one penny without costs last week for not sending his children to sohool the required number of days. The de fence was that the teacher had been so cruel that they refused to go. During the week about 30 school teachers from all parts of the dis trict -assembled at Bellinger;Heads to attend a ' school- of method:'- 'Mr. School Inspector Cotterill is con ducting same, and the school will continue till the end of the week. Mr. W-. F. Corbett,' for years an expert telegraphist in Sydney, writ ing from America, states that » the Australian telephone and telegraph systems are ages behind the times. Ho says the telephone system in ' Frisco is Heaven compared with ours. Women, Nemia Tonic is the certain remedy for bloodlessness. * ?The following tenders were the lowest for roadwork opened at the District Works Office, Kempsey, on Monday last : — Contract 12, Dorrigo Branch Road, Tiernan and Carrar ; contract 33, Dorrigo Branoh Road, D. Frew; contract 14, Dorrigo Branch Road, A. Tindall. The sons of the late William' Ed ward Turner, a butcher of Jarrah dale (W.A.), have been actually cat ofi with a shilling. Probate of the will has been granted. Turner left the whole of his property, valued at £2066, to his widow, excepting Is to each of his sons, Charles^and Ber nard. * ' ' Some novel characters are to be worn in the fancy dreds procession to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon. The starting point is the School of Arts, then march down Hyde-street to the park, where a football match is to bo played, The promoters are leaving nothing undone to make the affair a huge success.. Roll 'up and witness both, and so help your baud.; On Tuesday last two horses at taohed to a van, the property of Messrs. Hammond and Whbatley, got away from the driver and bolted up Hydo- street, turned ou to the Bowra road, which (hey left near tho Re. croation Ground, and passed over a very narrow culvert aiid track at tho back. Tlioy pullod up in front of tho gate at the firm's stables, no damage being done. Mr. T. M. McDonnoll, head teacher of the Bellingen public school; leaveB on Saturday for Syd noy. Mr. McDonnell has not been enjoying the best of health lately, and being entitled to threo months' holiday on full pay after. 20 years iu uhu oei viue, no uecicloa to tako ad vantage of it. Mr. McDonnell hopos to be given charge of n. school irj another district. Tho Grand lyodge of tlio Masonic Order in N.S. Wales has appointed Mr. R. D. Biiwdon, Grand District Past Master arid Inspector of Work ings for the Clarence River Distriot, which includes Prince Leopold, Ul marra, Livingstone and Coff's Har bour Lodges. Bro. Bawdon is to be congratulated on receiving such re cognition from the Grand Lodge. The retiring officer is Brother M. MoLoan, Ooff's Harbour, 