THE LATEST NEWS. ' - [BY TELEGRAPH.] LONDON, Tuesday. The AInska-Pacifio linor Kentucky sank off Capo Ilattoras, oil tho Califoruinn coast, ; through tho soams of the vessol opened in n storm. A wireless messago brought assist nnoo whon the vessol was nwnsh, nnd the whole ship's company of 45 wns saved. Tho Popo hns cancelled tbo Arrangement ? to receive Mr. Fairbanks, Vice-President of tlio United Statos, nftor his tour to the Orient, because lie una previously oeen re coivod by King Emmanuel of Italy, besides addressing a Mothodist Churuh. Sir S. YV. Bull, Conservative member of tho House of Commons, in a letter to tho newspaper, 011 tho working of tho Eight Hours Act, says that it has onused nil-round disappointment. Theoutput has boon limited, tho cost of production increased by Is to Is Gd por ton, mid tho workers nro thoroughly dissatisfied, owing to the restrictions on their wage-earning capacity, and to tho friction resulting from tho re-arrangement of Bhifts. Tho British Labor party Whip says that party will assist the Government if it abolishes both tho financial and legislative veto of the Houso of Lords. A confcreuoo of British Labor representa tives wns opened .at Newport yesterday. Five thousand delegates woro present, re ? presenting 1,481,308 members of trades \- unions. Tho executive report states that if tlio Osliorno judgment remains, the cause of .Unionism must suffer from a greater impodi ? ment than that which was occasioned by the ? Ta if Vale dcoision. Aftor falling J4 feet, the Seine River in France shows a tendency to rise again owing to tho mild weather melting the . snow. ? The Roman Catholic Bishop of Limerick, ' Dr. O'Dwyer, condemns any alliance by the Irish Catholic members in tho House of Commons with the English parties. Dr. ?? O'Dwyer argues that many English politi cians are socialists and avowed atheists in view of their altitude towards tlio educa tion question. The German Emperor sentenced the Crown Pi'inco William Lo 48' hours deten : tion for neglecting to reserve a Royal box at a theatre. Two hundred nnd forty-one trade unionist lintmnkors at Hnmburv. Connecticut, have been ordered to pay £38,000 for boycotting a firm which rcluscd to deal with unionist factories. M. Tliain, a bank cashier, called at a fashionable privnto house at Lilio to rcceivo £160, and was robbed and murdered. Intense cold is boing experienced in Now York. Many persons have been taken to tho hospitals suflbring from exhaustion and frost-bite. Eight deaths aro reported. ' The House of Lords must be dealt with first,' says the Chancellor of tho Exchequer. A Socialist' demonstration at Breslau, in Prussian Silesia, was dispersed by the police with their sabres. Tho Danish and Swedish Governments liavo issued warnings against emigration to Australia and Now Zealand. Tho French Navy Bill provides for the commencement of six battleships shortly. At an influential mooting at St. Peters burg hostile references to Germany were cheered, and tho closest Anglo-Russian friendship advocated. LONDON, Wednesday. Mr. Griffiths, M.P., a recently elected Unionist, proposes the Upper Houso be cur tailed to two hundred members, tho colonies to be asked to nominate forty. Tlio 'Daily Mail' states that if tlio Liberals remain in oifice long enough Lord Kitchener will succeed the Earl of Miuto as Viceroy of India. The 'Indian Council having passed the Pross Bill, tho deportees are boing released becauso tho movement which .they led has degenerated into an anarchical conspiracy waging war on British and Indians alike. English opinion throughout India gravely questions tho wisdom of releasing political offenders. It is believed the movement is duo to pressure from Home. There have been 94 cases of typhoid in Toronto during the past week. The epidemic in Montreal is now under control. Tlio Viotorian Agent-General has chosen a dozen respectable English lads for a year's training on Victorian farriis. They are chiefly shop boys and factory hands. Tho Chinese on the Pacific Coast have' decreed a boycott of San Francisco owing to the ill-treatment of Orientals. The police at Constantinople found a num ber or explosives in the Chamber where the Turkish Deputies are sitting. Latkh. ) ? Tlio British Government, pending tho passing of the Budget, are borrowing on short-dated Treasury Bills. While celebrating Mass at Villa Franca, Italy, a priest fell unconscious on the altar steps. The sacramental wine had _ been poisoned with sulphuric aoid. The crime is attributed ta Socialists. A French 'Jack the Ripper' lias been terrorising a portion of Paris. Six men and boy' woie murderously attaokod with a big knife. There was no attempt to rob tho victims. - v Tho first of the Commonwealth torpedo boats was launched yesterday. Tho Rugbv Football Union , has decided the state of its finances will not warrant thom sending a team to Australia'. SYDNEY, Wednesday. Air. Perry, Now South Wales {Minister ; for Agriculliiio, says he will offer 110 objeo tiun to tlio Fedoral Agricultural Bureau so long us itdocs not interfere with hia Depart ment. ? Speaking at a distribution' of prizos to .- school : children, yesterday, Arohfaishop. ?Wright said ho was pleased that the system of teaching religion, was .in vogue in tho public schools. . - A prominent Roman Catholic layman '-yesterday characterised Cardinal Moran's, attituilo towards llie Public Education Act as ' ecclesiastical Poter Bowlingism.' ?' While tho vurious Protestant and Jewish co-religionists aro satisfied with the molality of tlio schools,' ho continued, .' there is no ?need : for, Roman Catholic parents to bo alarmed.' M r; Deakin will dovoto considerable timo to the subjeot of- the financial agreement with the States at his, Sydnoy '.meeting on 'Monday. After, this .meeting Mr. Deakin ' will tour '-New; South. Wales,, speaking nt iMaitlnnd, Armidale, Invorell, und Glon Inneb. , - \- Yesterday - morning, at Muswellbrook, a f:- married -.woman' named. Cleiidiiining out her -throat iwitli: a carving knife. Death re sulted. ? .:. v '? Half the businoss houses in Clonourry, ' Queensland, wero detroyed by lire last night. ?VA rough estimate of 'tho. damage done is £10,000. ;-A rain- slorni'and hurricane at Laidloy, Queensland, caused a vast amount of damage ' - to property..' Roofs were stripped of iron nnd carried; in nil directions. ?; 'The writs for tlio Federal elections arc to ? be issued oil February 28th. Polling day to be on April 13th.. Arnst and Weloh aro said to have signed 1 nrtioles to row at. Akaroa, New Zealand, on ' 2nd April, for tho world's championship. Driver Gronn, one of the victims of tho Beaufort (Victoria) railway smash, makes a serious charge. Ho says his ongino had 'a defective brake, of which ho had notified ? the authorities. lOli/ji Coghlan, aged 114 years, suid to have been the oldest woman in Australia, .died nt Cowcs, Victoria'. Arial Von Colder, aged 73 years, yester day, in .Melbourne, obtained n divorce from his wife, aged 70 years, on tho ground of desertion. February 23rd hns been gazetted a publio . holiday iirCasino. ' Thero was a railway smash nt tho Sydney station this morning. Four carringos, while ? being shunted, crashed into a brulce-vun at the dead-end at No. 1 platform. Tho van i aiid carriages were tolcscopcd and smashed. ? Robort Bowmaker, an upholsterer omployed . i-y tho Railway Department, was the only [ii'son in a carriage, and after tho accident ?row found jammed beneath broken timber, ?which had to bo chopped away before lie .eoulii be released. It wns then found his lleg uiiu arm nail oeon iraciureu, aim ins sshoulder dislocatcd. Tlio soven men arrested in connection with tho street proccssion yestorday, .charged with bohaving in an offensive man gier, eto., wore beforo tho Police Court to day, and ronianded until to morrow. Bail was granted, sureties to be of good be haviour being required meanwhile. Upon one of tho acoused, when arrested, was found a loaded revolver. Two brothers, William nnd Donald Gib son, aged 11 and lOyoars respectively, woro drowned in a watorholo near Bundaborg, Queensland. The resolutions carried at tho A.N.A. Conforcnoo woro yestorday presented to tho Victorian l'romior. One of tho resolutions favoured tho abolition of Stnto Governor. Tho Premier said ho would nsk his colleagues to give the matter in regard to the Governor their most caroful consideration with a view to taking action next aossion. Mr. R. Dalrymplo Hay, who'has boon ill charge of tho Forestry Branch for some years, has been appointed Director of Forestry under tho now Act at a salary of £750 per year. SYDNEY, Thursday. The State Premier referred vesterdav to the message which Count .Morner, the Swed ish Consul, sent to tho newspapers in Sweden warning immigrants from coming to Australia. Every immigrant, said Mr. Wade, had beon offered employment through tho Immigration Bureau. Tho demand for immigrants by employers is largely in ex cess of tho supply. On Tuesday night tho Postmaster' at Newnes saw a man bending over the office safe. Tho official fired at him, but ho os oaped unhurt. An arrest has been made. Tbo Premier has arranged to address a number of meetings in thp principal towns along the North Coast during this month. The prisoners in the State gaol* at tho ond of 1009 totalled 1440, as against 1500 in the previous year, although tho general population had largely increased. In tho Marino Court, to-day, an onquiry wa« hold into the accident to tho steamer Eden, which ran ashore during the trip from Edon to Sydney in December last. Tho Board called upon Captain Bishop to sliow causo why his ccrtificato should not bo dealt with. Lateb. John Webb, n canvasser, committed suicide at his residence, Globe, this morn ing, by taking poison. He was secretary of nil Oddfellows' Lodge, and left n note show ing that he was worried over fiuanciul matters and indicating that he intended taking his lifo. Anothor railway acoidont, tho fourteenth within nine days, is reported. Austin Barker, aged 21 years, residing at, Dulwich Hill and employed on the railways, was run down by a train. His head wns crushed and death was instantaneous. Two other men stated thoy did not hear tho engine until it was almost upon lliem, and they only just managed to jump clear of danger. They wero either thrown or fell, and escaped with cuts, etc., on their bodies. At tho Homehush fat stock sales, to-day, 1GOO cattle were yarded. Market a little lower. Bullocks £5 to £10 por head, cows £3 to £6 10a. Best bpef 25s per lOOlbs. 