General Cables.: \- — The Dublin Corporation has re commended a modification of the ac cession oath. Alderman -xvelly said the, Nationalist memdbers of the House of U<s$$3XC>os would have only to say to .the -Liberals, "Unless the . terms_. ol fct-he oath are altered we wait kick you out. " The Liverpool "Pos_t- ' says that Karl ' Rosebery will postpone his resolutions relating- to the House ol Lords until November 19 th. Lord j-vbsebery denies- this. . Mi-. LLeir Hardie, M.P-, speaking' at Pontypridd (in Wales), hoped tbat. the suggestion to indefinitely post-, pone -the -resumption of the flghh wherein Parliament was engaged, wpuld. 4nd neither sympathy nor sup . port on either side. .During the last fortnight he was sick at heart at the Imawkish sentimentality shown; He could sympathise with' the widow, and family of the dead -King, but . his sympathy was equally lceen with the widows and families ofethe 'vfe- tims oE tlie VVniteh'avc-n u-sasteiv. His . opinion, as a miner was' that the 7 \yalis;- were built to extinguish the , fire in '/the colliery while ; the victims were still alive. He was sick there fore of the mummery shown' at the death of one man, while others were uncared for. \ . The Hindu demonstration at .La1 cutta in honor: o'f King Edward's memory was concluded by \the sump tuous feeding of 20,000 of the poor,, /with. a .-gift, of ' a 'piece of cloth " to/ -each. The -Maharajan 01 wra- hanga presided. _ ' A working mam. at Genoa, Italy, ' Pained! Morttti, suspecting M&/wi% oL ah intrigue with a married mail, went, to tlie latter' s « house, and shot him and Ms wife with revolver while at; 'dinner. Aloretti then .returned home, and shot Signora. . Moretti while as-; jeep, and . afterwards committed sui- \- eido. : ' ' -j ' . ' Fierce -rfots -'o&urreid; on Friday at Newmarliat, Couinty Cork, jctween the O'Brienite and the Eetliiionddfe seetfion of the Irish . Nationalist party . .The police were powerless, and a num ber of houses were wrecked. Finally the jiolice fired on the crowds, one man being shot dead. _ . ' During fire escape drill- of the em ployees of the United Service Club, Fall j\Iali, . the canvas chute split, ftna a giii was precipitated to the ground,; ;'aiid:;fat£y. ahjuriad. . J Sir'-' Gboi'ge Reid, declares the iewj Australian "Government is as intensely/ earliest about ' defence as any of its j precessbrs. Lord Kitchener thinks it 7 y-ery satisfactory "that the defence "scheme .die prepared has been endepsad j By' the' Fisher Government. He adided: | In the appointment of. Colonel (Kirk- patrick, Australians have obtained the advice of a- very capable officer, who would be of the utniost value to -them, j 'Bills ' have passed;' the s New Tfork State! Legislature, p/rohibiting oral -gambling on racecourses/ and making -the directors of racecourses .criminally responsible. " ' i ' Captain Gilmer, commanding thoi -U. S. Squadron on - the Nicaragua iCbast, has been instructed to protect Ameri can vessels from search, and to land \- forces if liclvessary to plrottact Amertb&n;, property. XV "Washington official re marked, "Captain Gilmer can fire first, opd exnlain afterwards." A demonstration made in London -of Marton Hale's "name killer:" proves that -it: entirely eliminates the ' flash at the _ muzzle ' of the rifle, ' without diminishing the velocity . 1 The report -of the Register General for 1909 shows a decrease in the J Tate of marriages 7 in Great P- '.tain'.. ! ' and tlie lowest -birth rate « n re cord, gamely, 25.6 per 1000" of the ' popMlatioU. Eighty French reservists objected to go into camp owing .to the wetness . of . the groUnd, and they entered N'imes singing the "International"'' .'They were 'arrested, -but the -inquiry j into the r conduct, which was held, j showed that they were not actuated j by- anti- militarism.'. . 7 I " The Toronto correspondent of the k "Times'', ; states. that Sir Will. am Van - Home, en airman of the Hoard "of - Directors - of the- Canadian pacific 'Railway Company, is going to Aus tralia to advise the Government 'with regard . to the construction of the proposed Tran scontinental Rail way. ' There are. persistent rumors that Germany's financial reform adopted in 1900 has proved a failure, and new taxation must be devised. .Ac- . cording. to the Pert in "Tagoblatt the- sjh'ortage amounts to £12,500,- OdP- . ... in March Last fourteen Russian /con victs, . who were . travelling In a wag gon attached to a 7 mail train al ' rvLohilciin, suddenly extinguished the lights and attacked -the warders in .charge of them, .whilst tue train 1 . - I.VlPiin WflVflPVO . , wuo1. HI mw uiou, aiiu okx. eo an'ci .eleven of> the convicts were ! ; "either. MUed or "wounded m the iiglit,- Ing. .iN'Jhe convicts who were -impli cated in the affair have now been ' convicted and sentenced to .death. j 'i'he: State troops forcibly deported. Without legal trial, 25 Italian miners j for intimidating officials of the Dur hpm Co'"e Company in Georgia U.S. At /- j l or - the first, time since theputmca- , tion of .his famous interview by the. : London . "Daily Telegraph/' th.-.- / lvaiser has been assailed by leading- Conservative and PanJGerman. papers for his recent pacific 'utterances in London. The Emperor's peace talk j with Al. Pichoii, the French Foreign . Min:ster, has ' also provo'ked much criticism. , V Mr. James Patten, the Wheat rvmg, , has announced his retirement trom , . business. The famous speculator, it is understood, /is about -to make a j " holiday tour to Europe. A .Petting Act,', recently .passed prqh'ibils the wiring- or -the publish ing of the betting of any horse races. JNo Canadian papers mayi)uTir-. lish betting details on the , Derviy, | nor may any matter of that charac ter -be transmitted in the Dominion. The 4 Orange Grand Lodge at Ct- iawa has petitioned King George to retain the Accession Oaih m its present form. . The total number of -Jewish-famil ies that have - been co'iillelled to leave Kiev was 300. ' 'These poo 'do all 'bc'.qnred to the Poorer classes. An official publication has been 'issued n Moscow (Russia), giving a list of 191 Jewish merchants whoe Jamil es were legally entitled to live in the city. - The Royal ' LiTe Saving Society ha= arranged ihat Mr. William Henry; its secretary, shall visit all the \- head centres in Australia and New- Zealand, end give lectures an l demon- strat/ions and hold examinations. He w il arrive in Melbourne at the end- of- October. - «. Owing to the National Liberals J voting against the Prussian Fran- | chise , Bili as amended by the Upper I House, the Imperial German Chan cellor (Dr.' Bethmann von Hollweg) has withdrawn the measure. . -The. Allan line is building - a 22,- ouu-ton steamer with a speed ot knots, accommodating 2300 passen gers, for trading 1 between . Liverpool . and vranaaa. ' - Captain'. Scott, lecturing at "the Royal Institution on the final journey from the winter station to JMcJVLurdo Sound, said it is probable --that af- - ter the first . phase the advance will have to be made by means ot un aided efforts, it will only -be possible to .beat Sir E. Shackieton's record by taking , a larger, party and send- ing back sections atr. intervals. ; The ; ach-iayement of reaching the South Eole is . by 110 means a certainty. : The Hon. .0. -S'. Rolls attempted to liy from. Dover <to Calais, ascending' at 5.40 amid the cheers of- thou-. ,sands; "of spectators. The motor, mis firing, -compelled Rim to ma-e a ! hurried descent at Dover, and the onlookers had narrow escapes. The, aeroplane' was' damaged. 'Iba; Huddersfield Chamber of Corn merce has- urged the Government- to strive to Induce- Japan to reduce the proposed ' tariff on wolien worsted and, cotton goods. Some of the duties are equal to 400 per cent. The Sultan Mulai Hafid' is greatlj alarmed owing to the Berbers pro claiming his brother JVLulai Kebi-l as" Sultan of Morocco. . - V The British Empire League is rais ihg £3000 sterling to erect a monument' jh London to the mem ory . of Captain Cook. Lord Brassey is the treasurer. As a sequel to the . Whitehaven dis aster, 900 workers in the Pit ad joining the ill-fated co'lery haVe ae- Pided to cease work for a: fortnight, . alleging the appearance of black damP. The conciliation court has ' committed represehtatives ot ali - parties. . The House of Commons has pre pared a xB|ll. supported by, . both ' lront benches for enacting women' s i'ar liamenta ry 'suffrage on the basis of .existing local Government Board registers. The Orient RiM.S:' Orsova has 700 ihn"djeJass, many of whom are , a:s- | sisted immigrants, including about I 100 agricultural laborers and 70 ie- I male domestics for West Australia, l whom Air. JN. J. Moore addressed I prior to ' their sailing "from "Tilbury r Docks. The New South Wales Agent | General; Air. T."" A. Coghlan, has circularise11 the' Press, . warning- fitters 'and ironworkers that openings . at present are scarce in Sydney and are : unlikely to improve, for some time.' I The Htraits Settlement legislature hras passed ' a Rubber Dealers' Bill,# "prohibiting individuals or corppra- .tions attempting to monopolise the ; outpiut or the -market for cultivated rubber. - , ' ; . The French submarine -Circe, at- 1 l'ouion, when rising to the surface, narrowly escaped/being cut in halves by the guardship Amiral Trehahart. in view .01 xne racx ..vnax jreiu. u.11. : Ecuador had accepted without reserve the proposal of the ; Secretary of State to submit their dispute to arbitration, the State Department at Washington is at a loss to under stand the report thq.t . war between the two republics is incvitahfle. . Air. Glenn Curtiss won the "INew York World's" £2000 prize by aero - planing 150 miles. ' Lieutenant- Dunn -, 1 made a flight of 2-i miles without using the steeriog gear, proving that I his_, b ip 1 ane, was antoni atical ly stab I e . On account of 'being -baited im th; ! courts , from making a compulsory _ ' levy on trade unionisiap for the sup port of members in the House ot Commons, the Labor executive has set about raising a national fight ing fund. Friday was a bank holiday-' in Canada, but there were no celebra- j tions in view of" 'King Georges wishes. ' .. The Trafi svaal Goverhmcn!t,'s £3000 "prize for a hand drill has been) d-,- i.V'ided between the Ho'.man and Sas- | k-ol drills, which, eniable highly skill- ea whites to work) at lUcl per foot, as compared with th.e natives at Is 2d. The Government is. training &0 whites to work the drills. -, Governor Hughes Is calling an extra session of the New York State Legislature to Pass a law destroy- ingthe pdwer of Political bosses- . : The Central Emigration Board strongily pro'ests against Canada's attitude against the societies, inow assisting emigrants, claiming .that the result will be to close the doors " against all spied mechanics and artisans, "and prevent their wives and ' families 3oining tliem, since these men usually require' loans. | Speculation as .to Mr. Roosevelt'-. > attitude towards the divided Repub lican parties overshadows- every otheiy ' VmoKt.'nn m Amp.ricn. ! Jn his- aeroPlane flight for the "New York World's' prize, Gurtis/ in Fterfeot . weather, outstripped a ..spec al- trai-nV?- ' which was foim-wlng i h-m. 'lb-h highest, altitude reached . was' 1.000ft. | The Calif orman Labor Commission reports that "an exhaustive . investiga tion shows that some. »jrm vof un skilled labor similar to Japanese is essenttial to the continuance of . the development of specialised Catifornian industries. J£ the Japanese are ex cluded 1 Hindu's will replace them. . The report \vui probably ehp in an anti- Japanese agitation:. A fire extending for thirty miles in the Swan River territory, Alanitoba, Canada, . is in progress. At Tistilam village, the Mackenzie Mann lumber camp arid, .several mills were des troyed.! Trams , were unable to run for eighteen, hours. Millions o1" dol lars "worth of damage has" been caused. The Kaiser is suffering from a boi; extending- from the base oi' h:s thumu to the wrist. There is a possibility of blood poisoning setting in. Thy I illness fi'as , necessitated empowering ' the Crown Prince to sign all -State documents. The Russian steamship' Lituaua' with 1200 emigrants on hoard for New York Tran on the rocks on the Orkney Islands during a dense tog. The vessel's -bows were smashed. A Panic ensued, in which many sank on their Knees and prayed, w-nen thi_- fog lifted the Lituana was refloated and her - water- tight compartments kept the'' water from the main holds until the vessel reached the Tyne. Radical changes are being carried out at Rome ivith the view of re ducing the expenses of the Pontifi cate. Al any obsolete offices are being abolished. A message from Seattle (U.S.A.)" states that to accommodate true In vading hosts eon""orginig from all » Parts to make the journey . from Alaska to seek " gold, a fleet o passenger ships is now at that port awaiting the signal to start. \- 7 'lie Germa'n Government on Satur- dayt . abandoned all efforts to secur uhe-- enactment of the- Prussia Fran chise. Bill; po'pujar opposition against which . was frequently expressed . ax mass meetings. A' Berlin despatch states that l'rince August of Prussia, the fourth son of the (Emperor, will shortly take over an important executive position in- ting administration of the "province ot. Posen. La;dy Cook, who has returned from England to America after a long stay, expressed the opinion that American ivomen -wiill not be wel comed by Royalty to the extent s. in the flays of the late Jx.ing. There is intense resentment in Lib eral circles -at the revelation that ---a movement is afloat to exploit t'he mood- of the nation resulting from the 'death of -King Edward in the interests of. conscription. -The pro posal is that a- na? onal- memorial to- the late King shall . take the fprni of a Voluntary demand on the part of the p/oPJe for universal mil itary. service, it transpired that prior to the Kpij's death a petition was in course of: preparation praying His Ala.jesty to take a stand in favor of universal military service. Another rumor about the Queen Mother is to the effect that the wili retire to the seclusion of Sandring- am, and end iher d >y.- Although the ii.ca.i-ag!«an Govern ment troops gained a victory,- cap turing Bluefields and Blu&ff;, the In qurgents report having t-akeii 50 prisoners. The losses on the Govern ment, side were 250. It is official! v . announced that- the United States will not recede from its intent' on t-> control Nicaraguan affairs even if General Madrid's forces capture Blue- fields. 'The Navy Department will 're tain" a force of 100 men and mac hine, guns" at that place. The Jewrs who have -been evicted from Kief, are all veritable Paupers, lacking . even the means of susten ance. The scene was a harrowing "one as sobibing women, carrying then' .miserable belongings, and with their little ones clinging "to them, were escorted out of the city. Addition's to. the -deportations have been order ed. y'y the Government. .The Jews are being subjeote'd to minor annoyances, such as . the refusal of passports. Over' 1000 Jamiiies have had notice to quit. " A ghastly murder, has just, been sheeted home to the perpetrators, two soldiers named Craby and Michel. The victim of the crime was Ala dame Gouin, the widow of ' the governor, of the Bank of Franca, who was brutally done to death by Lraby and his comrade. The police had considerable difficulty in getting a clue, and it was only by the discovery in a train af a mili tary railway tickpt bearing the im print of a bloody finger that the mystery was solved. .Craby was sen tenced to death -ancl Michel to 20 years Pedal servitude- . A scheme is afoot to establish a .warenousc in xne uiuxeu oiaies coi j ton 'bell capable of storing enof.igb raw material to satisfy the world's, demand for a year in order to , pre- . vent corners. Well-known Anglo ! American and Pouth African fiiian- 1 ciers are interested. ! The- Peace Society proposes .to raj s 1 ' a fund of £50,000 to the memory of Ji'n.T- Edward. j Ali-. James Patten, on the eve' oi j his. retirement from business as a cotton and wheat operator, was 1 compelled to" abandon .a. big deal in 1 .-September for wheat, .losimg £300,- I 000— -Mr. George "Patten, of Bartlett ' ancl 1'atten. who lias also announc ed his intention of retiring, dropped £200,000. f - j Air. J. E. Redmond is blamed in I connection with the recent riots for , having allowed members of bis Piart,y ! to go on a speaking tour in what is -well kjjbwn to be Air. O'Brien's stronghold. Unless the speakers > are t "recalled it- is highly Probable that further trouble will occur, although the authorities are taking all pos- j sifcle Precautions. I The death, has occurred of Pro'fessor ' Kock, the 'famous German" physician, of heart dis.ease, wli'ile undergoing a I cure at Baden Baden. Di.'lring a bull fight in Portugal a bull leaped the barrier. The guards were unable -to shoot the bull and the crowds h'tecamq . panic - stricken, many 'being trampled upon. Forty persons j were seriously injured. The bull escap ed to the open country. The accounts of the Suez Canal Go. show -a profit of £930,000, iconr stitut-ing a record. This is due to the increased exports of Indian, wheat aoid Manchurian soya bean, also to the growing European trade' vyit'i Aus tralia and Japan. -The authorities . in Eastern Bengal have confiscated a pamphlet by Air. "i\r.ri T\/T "D -T -XT rtTTrb-mwr in. iU.CiO<ulJlC3C'j XatC ML.'i. 1UI ll v\V|J Ui.j' ILL which he accused a 'section of the In dian police of corruption and 'torturing prisoners. , _ . : The Washington correspondent . of "The Times" rieports that the pros pects of President Taft's. Railway Bill were recently improved owing to the defeat of the most dangerous of the Insurgent amendments. He added that the outlook for the Postal Savings Bank Bill was now brighter. Following Senator Lorimer's denial 1 in the United States Senate that he brought his Senatorship, Air. Holt Law, an IlXnois State Senator, has con fessed to the Grand Jury that/ Air. Broderick, lanother State Senator, paid him £500 ' for Air. Lorimer. Air. Roosevelt has written to Aflr. Fish, who has talien an -active part in the. insurgent movement in the U. S. Congress, asking him to meet him in private congress at Alilan. Air. IV. R. Hearst, the millionaire newspaper owner, was attacked on Friday night in New York land, robbed of £|5000. His; assailant was. arrested. Grai-e ilvouble was anticipated on Friday afternoon, when 100,000 So cialists made an attempt to parade -in Paris in commemoration, of the Com- miuno. The leaders announced that they would demonstrate against the Government on account- of an. alleged curtailment of the liberty of speech. Jn the current number of the '/Na tional Review" -appears am article, in which the writer -says, '"The En Ir tish press is lust now so full of Canada that one mi.'ht lancv it. was the only dominion of the Em pire. But Austra.lia is by far tha .most agreeable oversea dominion. The Commonwealth is ceasing to imitate America, perceiving that it is sufficient to lie Australian." Lord Ridley, the Tariff Reform leader, speaking- at Wimbledon, ad vocated a' compromise for the settle ment of the constitutional question.. There were reforms, he sa'id, which wpnld make the Lords' more effec tual. If, as the Conservatives said, one essential feature -of any change which took place 'must be in the Lords, they must recognise that the Liberals too might reasonably ask' for a second, chamber giving them some chance of a md'jorit-y. The crews of British submarines are being trained in a. deep tank at Portsmouth to use airtight helmets/ and jackets cciita'n;ng o-xy lithe, ' whidh. when moistened, generates j oxygen sufficient for an hour s breath- j ihg.. In case of accident the submar- ine crew don these helmets and open the conning tower. The air in the | helmets will enable them to rise to i the surJace- According to the "Plymouth "News" it_ is practically settled that Lord Kitchener will be the next "Viceroy of India. . b Ala' or Desborough- is . about to make a third attempt "to locate - the hidden treasures of Cocos island, in tlie -Pacific. ''Acoord-irjg . to tradition £12,000.000 wnith of -nirntba' lPo+. lies buried in the island. The Da.nish Cabinet has -resigned as a result of the crisis . that has arisen on tlie .-defence .question. According to '" the "Tablet" the Oat-h. of Accession in it's Present- form is to 'go. ,The only thing in doubt is whether the declaration wib be simply ahol shed or so modified as not to jbe \Oi13nsive. ' 