OLD TIMES. ; ? . mi- ?': ' '?- FROM PAPERS OF FIFTY YEARS , _A^ MONBAT, PEBKUASY 27, I860. .-? Deaths.— On the 22nd inst., &t; Bcon«F Sarah, ?wile of Thomas Dangar,' Esq., aged 67. On the 25th inst., 'at the residence ©£ hi* mother. Macqnarie- street, Bytoey, lAoyi Bnr detin, Esq.,' agei 26 years. - A most distressing accident occurreo on Saturday afternoon* Mr. Parfett, coachmaker, of William-street, with hi^ two sons, daughter, and a youth named Potter, wet e fishing, kellick ed off Potts' Point, when the yacht' Blue BeUe, With her owner, Mr. Watson, the cordial manu facturer, 'ia jibing' close to the fishing boat, struck and capsized her, the boat immediately filling ana going down, precipitating the occu pants 'into the water. Mr. and Miss Parfitt and T-6tt£r.were rescued; tut Mr. Parfitt's two eons fl-ged 12 and 15; were drowned. Slaughter bouses. A petition from 740 citl 7Cr.s of Sydney was- presented by Mt. Mort to the Legislative Assernbly asking for Che immedi ate reraoral of 'the slaughter houses from to.3 precincts of the City, and also for tic removal of such trades as soap toilers, tallow melters, curriers, and tripe boilers. FEBRUARY 23. The Floods.—Moruya, February 23.—Con- stable Henry Hurst, of the Broulee police, was drowned yesterday, morning while crossing the river near the Dry Creek, five miles from Mer- recumbene, and half a mile from Eaton and George's store. The unfortunate young man was sent by Mr. Cassell, P.M., with another constable, to bury the remains of a woman who was found the day before in the fork of a tree, and after completing his task, lost his life while endeavoring to cross the river to view another corpse that had been discovered that morning. The Benjamin Howard, a Danish ship of 721 tons, Captain L. Saabye, arrived yesterday from Hongkong (December 30) with 304 Chinese immigrants. Tange and Company, agents. At the inquest held on Jasper Parfitt, aged 11, drowned last Saturday, the jury returned a verdict of death through accidental drowning, and that a proper lookout had not been kept on board the Blue Belle (Mr. Watson) yacht, at the time of the occurrence. FEBRUARY 29. Challenge.—In reference to the challenge of- fered by the Charm to all yachts, I am not in a position to bet £100, but I hereby offer to race the Charm from Port Denison round the Buoy off Manly and back round Fort Denison for the sum of £10, and should I prove fortu- nate will give the proceeds to St. Vincent's Hospital. The boats to be sailed under jib and mainsail only, as I have not the means of pro- curing balloon jibs, etc. My boat is of colonial workmanship. Neither yacht to carry more than 5 hands. Daniel Sheehy. P.S. Not particular as to any other yacht. . In the Legislative Assembly, Mr: Parkes pre- sented a petition from Mr. Begg and other re- sidents of Phillip-street, against the removal of the tannery in that neighborhood. MARCH 1. Scarcity of Good Female Servants.—A corres- pondent writes:—"Everyone is complaining of the scarcity of female servants, even inefficient and over-paid as they are. Such evil will stand as long as New South Wales will depend upon England for the inadequate immigration at so ruinous a price to the colony. Why should not Indian immigration be promoted, which could be done at two-thirds less expense? A servant man and wife may be had for £25 or £30 a year. Their food consists of rice, salt fish, and water; they enter into an agreement of five years' service, with the understanding that at the end of their contract they will be sent back to their country. It is most difficult now to find a clean, obedient, and respectful dry nurse, such, as the Indian female is, and the man will be found a good cook and good washer. In the Mauritius they get no other service, and though the fair Creoles there are very parti- cular, they prefer the Indian servants to the European ones." MARCH 2. Another Ministerial Crisis.—There has been a long struggle for the ejection from office of Mr. Forster and his colleagues. At leneth it has proved successful. The Ministerial Bill for the establishment of an elective Upper House was last week rejected by a majority of three. A resignation was looked for, but in vain. On Tuesday Ministers, met the House as usual, but Mr. Forster would offer no explana- tion until he came to the Government business on Wednesday, when the looked-for explanation was given. It was plain enough. Ministers would not go out without a direct vote of want of confidence. There was a direct challenge. It was speedily taken up, and a vote of want of confidence was passed by a majority of eight. The Premier at once moved an adjournment, and early on Thursday placed the offices of himself and colleagues at the disposal of the Governor-General (Sir William Denison), who has sent for Sir Daniel Cooper, giving him the task of constructing a fresh Cabinet. MARCH 3. Sydney Improvemends.—The completion and opening of the handsome Gothic Presbyterian St. George's Church, in Castlereagh-street, has been an important event. The new church stands in a very central position, and must have an improving effect upon the character of the buildings in that locality. The roofing of a part of St. Andrew's Cathedral is in progress. All the work upon tne Sydney University will shortly be finished, excepting the upper part of the tower. The front of the new building for the School of Arts is rapidly rising, and now almost hides the present dilapidated pre- mises. This building will have a very hand- some exterior. The new Wesleyan Church at Newtown is now advancing to the roof, and will be ready for occupation in about four months. Another Wesleyan Church, but of smaller size, is in erection at Balmain. The walls of St. Matthias', Paddington, are nearly, up, and the gables and roof will shortly be proceeded with. The new School of Arts at Newtown is nearly up to the roof, and will be completed in about two months. The new waterworks at Botany are in satisfactory ope- ration. Twenty drinking fountains, fixed in the principal thoroughfares, are in constant re- quest. It is the intention of the corporation to fix 20 more fountains when the finances will allow. The transformation made by the al- terations to the George-street Markets has proved most beneficial, as regards additional accommodation. The rents of the premises pay a handsome interest on the outlay. Only the northern portion of the markets has at present been transformed, but it is expected that the municipal authorities will shortly complete the work they have so well begun. The Market Wharf, adjoining Pyrmont Bridge, has been completed, but is not yet let. The wharf has a frontage of 240ft to Wharf-street, and ot 210ft to the bridge. The abattoirs at Glebe Island have been finished several weeks, but cannot be opened as arranged, owing to no communication being provided between the is- land and Sydney, except by road, which makes a detour of five or six miles. The Assembly recently voted £20,000 for the construction of a pile bridge from the west of Pyrmont to the island. It will probably be built and finished before the end of the year. In the meantime punts, are being built for the conveyance of meat from the island; these will be used until the bridge is completed. The time at which the Sydney butchers will not be allowed to slaughter in the city has been extended to April 1. 1830. Cartoon of 1830, making fun of tlie crinoline trying to get into a hackney coach. 1909. To-day it's the hat and the taxicab. 