Ifews and Notes. There are, 600 members. of Parliament in, Australia. 'Woods' Great Peppermint Oure, for doughs and Golds, never fails. Is 6d.* The Prime Minister will visit South Africa on the occasion of the opening of the Union Parliament. A co-operative dairy company at Forbes, recently wound up, is now being run as a private conoern. The death rate for the city of Sydney for 1909 was tbe lowest on record, panning ou^ at 9.83 per 1000 of the population. The Canadian Government has deoided that after October immigrants must possess £10 on landing, No room for deadheads. In order to overcome the difficulty of pro curing labor on farms, someDapto dairymen are turning their attention to milking machines. The Government are resuming portion of the Bibbehluke estate for closer settlement at £3 15s per acre, and Maharatta estate at £3 10s per acre. Victorian butter box manufacturers are contracting to supply factories at Is 4£d per box, while Sydney manufacturers are asking Is lid and 2s. The State Treasurer says that the N. S. W. public debt is £92,500,000 More than three- fourths had been expended in a re productive way. . Save 100 end labels on Burnetts Self raising Flour, Grainus, Porridge Food, and Burnet's Rolled Oats and you get 3s 6d worth of groceries free.* Mr Mahon, Principal of Gatton College' Queensland, who is touring the old country, says that Australian butter is being sold everywhere as the best Danish. Mr Clement Wragge, lecturing at Hor sham (Vic,), said that between now and 1916 Australia would experience another drought, but not so severe as the last. The New Zealand House of Representa tives has decided to abolish the granting of licenses to bookmakers, and to curtail, the issue of totahsator permits to racing clubs. Mr Fuller wanted tbe Federal-Parliament to approve of the erection , of a national monument on the federal capital site, but members considered the proposal premature. Better get some of the practically useful structures erected first. The Royal Alfred Hotel, Wollongong, one _ £ i.U ~ M ? 3 1 ? ' J.l~ _ j. ? ? ? vi tut* ueav nueuauu iiuusob ill mat town, was sold last week, on account of the trustees in the O'Brien estate, to Tooth and Co., for £4750 — a figure that is regarded as remark.-, ably cheap, even allowing for reduction or. no- license. Tbe half-yearly meeting of the Commer cial Banking Company of Sydnev, Ltd., was held last week. The usual 10 per cent dividend was paid, absorbing £75,000; £40.000 was transferred to the reserve fund, and £34,610 14s 4d was carried forward. In the Legislative Assembly, on Wednes day evening; Mr Waddell asked for five months' supply, amounting to £5,315,000. to tide the Government over the geueral elections. The surplus last year, he paid, 0was £989,000, and would have been £100.000 greater had the Commonwealth paid what . was due to the State. At a meeting of the Bathurst Liberty or Liquor Defence League, last week, it was unanimously resolved, in view of recent action taken by the 'no-license party, that all hotelkeepers and members of the league withhold their patronage and support from tradesmen and others who are known to be in favor of reduction or-, no- license, ? or who. in any shape or form support the no- license party. A telegram from Perth. W.A., savs that during the past 12 months the State hotel at Gwaiia made a gross profit of £2,355, whioh, after allowing; for a depreciation of 10 per cent, on the building and 15 per cent, on the furniture, left a net profit of £1463. The profit earned by the hotel since its establish ment in 1903 has recouped the State for the , whole of the capital outlay,. -and in addition haB left a credit balance to the fcr aeury of £4,523. Tbe aboriginal residents on the Back Channel Island, Richmond River, have all been granted six rrvonths' fall rations free, to enable them to fell and clear their several portions. The island contains some -240 acres of the richest scrub land to be found on the Richmond River, and is at present in possession of oigbt aboriginal families. Good progress is being made with the felling, and it is the intention of the tenants to clear, burn, and plant a large area in sugar cane in the coming season. ' The tendency of people to disregard the law when an infringement of its provisions involves no moral wrongdoing is .illustrated in the success which attends the promotion of Tattersall's consultations. On the Silver City Cup, run at. Broken Hill recently, there was a consultation for 100,000 subscribers at 63 each, and the event was over subscribed. The postal regulations against ' Tattersall' are very stringent, yet no trouble is experi enced in circumventing them, People look upon sweeps, as absolutely -fair, and no legislation that can be introduced will convince them that they should not be free to speculate fare shillings or a pound of their own money if they so desire. 