BBEYITIBS. I ? ? p The Federal general elections will take place to-morrow. Special late editions of the 'Evening .News,' giving the results to hand, will --= published up to 10.30 p.m. The figures as received will also be prompt ly posted on a huge board outside the 'Evening News' Office, in Market-street, Sydney. The Chancellor of the Exchequer hopes to pass the income tax resolution on Monday next. Replying to questions regarding 'ParneUism and Crime,' Mr. Asquith declined, owing to remoteness, to reopen the question. 'I cannot,' he added, 'use language Bum ciently strong to condemn Sir Robert Ander son's breach of official duty in supplying con fidential documents to the 'Times.' ' Danish Consuls in Australia have been in structed to report upon the treatment of im migrants. Fourteen workmen were blown to atoms through a signal b'eing misunderstood wmie blasting in a railway cutting in Texas. 'Unscrupulous and adventurous demagogues, puffed with pride of place.' — Lord Ampthill's description of the Government. Tbe 'Manchester Guardian' says shipping people are gratified at the rejection by the Egyptian National Assembly of the Suez Canal concession renewal proposals. Lady Dudley hopes soon to be able to sail for Australia. The 'Wcstmintser Gazette' highly eulogises Sir J. D. Dickson-Poynder. the new Governor of New Zealand, and congratulates the Do minion, on his appointment. The 'AuJd Brig' of Ayr has been restored. Tommy Burns defeated Bill Lang at the Stadium, Rush^utter's Bay, last night in 20 rounds oa points, for the heavyweight boxing championship of Australia. There were about 16,000 people present. Owing to landslips rendering the site unsafe, thp new lighthouse at Tuahine Point, near Gisborne, N.Z., is 'being dismantled. The Victorian Government has offered to the Federal authorities a site on Coode Island for a Commonwealth Dock. While John Fletcher was taking a load of wheat, drawn by 10 horses, across the Billa. bong Bridge, at Morvern, near Culcairn, the bridge, which was undergoing repairs, collaps ed, and the waggon and team fell into the creek. One horse had his back broken, and the oth'-' were badly cut and bruised. The new convent at Barraba was formally opened on Sunday by Bishop O'Connor.' The proceeds of a bazaar held at Cooma in aid of the funds of the Holy Cross Convent amounted to £202. The pupils of Milton public school are send ing a flag to i.-.lton school, in Kent, Eng land. The Inverell Municipal Council has confirmed the resolution that £8700 be borrowed for the purpose of installing municipal electric light ing works. Aldermen R. Patterson and T. Peak have re signed their seats in the Nowra Municipal Council. At Jvormanton, Queensland, Alfred Joseph Biddshaw was found guilty of the murder of Georga Sutherland, and sentenced to death. Halley's Comet was seen in Perth, W.A., on Suuday morning by Mr. Cook, Government As tronomer. The Shell Transport and Trading Company, Limited, made a net profit of £632,953 last year, paying a dividend of 20 per cent. The net profits of the Royal Bank of Queens land for the half-year ended March 31 totalled £13.211. The board recommends a dividend at the rate of 4% per cent, per annum. All the smallpox patients at the Sydney Quarantine Station are progressing towards recovery. Arnst. the world's champion sculler, arrived in Sydney this morning by the steamer Moer aki, from New Zealand. The Premier will address a meeting this -vening at Scone, in support of the candidature ^i Mr. Waller, for the Upper Hunter State tye- election. Tbe industrial conditions in New South Wales, according to a report 'by the Director of Labor, have improved considerably as th$ result of thp recent bountiful rains. The Chief Railway Commissioner has inti mated to the Lane Cove Council that he is prepared to favorably consider the question of watering the tram line to Longueville when lie second electric, water tank is available, if tbe council increases its contribution to £27 per annum. A public meetine at Canowlnara decided to r-stablish a local hospital, and a subscription j list n-as opened for the purpose. Mise M'Kibbin has been appointed matron or Wellington Hospital, in place of Miss Sut tor, who has been appointed matron of Bath urst Hospital. His Excellency the Governor- General, accom panied by Georgina, Countess cf Dudley, and a Government House party, dined with the Lord Mayor at the Town Hall last night. The N.S.W. Director qf Labor reports to the Premier that the irospects for the winter are wry good, and the building trades wiil toe busy for some months to come. The interstate rnnference of railway officers was oponed in Sydney yesterday. It was divided into four sections — ac^ounis, traffic, loco, an-1 tramway. The residents cf Culcairn are petitioning the M::ii..i r for Justice to establish a monthly o'.irt of petty sessions in the town, and Tegular ? minings of the police court. A court of petty ssssions has betn estab H-b-d at Tambar Springs, near Narrabri. Mr. William Milne, as he was lsaving Bathurst by train on Sunday night, was robb d of his railway ticket, money, and a promissory-uote for £200. While a large crowd of private citizens was oj: searching for the escaped prisoner. Powelia, ;-t Palmerston Nonh, oa Moviday n ght, a n:nn named Overton, hoteikeeper, shoe Michael Quirks d-.ad in mistake for the wanted man. A motor car belcnging to Mr, N. Hives, of Dubbo, suddenly ignited, and was completely ?'. stroyed by Ire. None of the occupants were i-jurcd. A. meeting -.f the subscribers of the Dubbo Kstrict Hospita.1 passed a resolution favoring i!'.o payment *or medical services, in preference '? the present honorary staff. At the Dubbo Police Court. Ah Sing was fined £10 or two months, for having op-ium in his possession, and was fined £2 for smoking opium. Cum We was fined £3 for allowing his -ouse to be used for smoking opium. At the East Maitland Police Court. Owen Do '^ rty was fined £1 for calling the Minister for Defence a scab wtile Mr. Cook was delivering ? n address on Saturday night. Lord Selborne, Governor of the Transvaal and High Commissioner for South Africa, thinks the ' niiency to drive the 'coloreds' — those of white *'???* black parentage — down to the position of~ Kaffirs is unjust. 'It is also unwise, because we might one day *-?;? cMnpelled to face a great united- movement -H the native races; and in the event of such a ''rrible catastrophe I predict the leader will h- a colored man, with the feelings, character, and superiority of a _white man.'— Lord Sel t'.'rne. . . . ? . The new Austrian battleship Zrinyi 3s to be launched at Trieste to-day. :.. ' We can never know vrhere the future Tra f-ilgar will be fought, or the future ,Waterioo *???'! thp power of their great -race in- a death ^rapple with her foe. . . . We, in peace, time, 're one people wherever the S'lag flies; and in ' ar time one force wherever the Blag goes and. i* fired upon.' — Sir George Reid. The Supreme Court at Capetown has acquitted j1? the charge of murdrr Cap ain Rona.d Mac ?rsn, who killed a man nam'd Baroae, whose attentions to his daughter he objected to. Barone was a married man, a cardsharper, and i betrayer of women'. Ladies' Tailor-made Costumes to' order, 26/6. -';y size. Wilson's, Devonsnire-st.--3orner.-H)- See Pitt-street Hordems* Window Display of i-rabroidered Robes, newest designs lind color lr- gs at half ordinary values. Prices that must W'PeaS to you. — 0. ' ?: Tasmanlan Parcels - Express Delivery Co,, Euva, Fiji. Booking Fee. 4d. Prompt atten tion given to all correspondence.— 0. ; Do you know that ten pounds will buy tjj 'our million impressions of a one-inch single' column advertisement In the ''EVENI .\3 news.'— 0. . .--i '???--?y-L-\::,';-'ci^^'~vz~ 