Latest Telegrams -Pec 'Courier' & Press Airencv Services \ LONDON. : Februarv 1. The steamer Wakelield is at Durbaa dad as scou as she has discharged her Cargo .she will start in- search oi the Waratah. '1 he Foreign Ollice will not in iuturc is. sue passports to Australians unless a ccr- j tineate' as to respectability has Leea urautcd j,y tiie Commonwealth authorities or an Agent-General. Hie Archbishop of Yorb coasrJcrs that the Church oi l-.n^land -Men's Society is establishing in Australia a means of 'solv, iHj many social problems outside party politics. In otiler to avoid execution in Yilna gaol a revolutionary wlo had wounded ueniral Pengo suaked a handKc-rchicf in petroleum, tied it around his head and set lire lo it. He expired in terriWe agony. J holosruphs; oi the new comet hive been ta^en from Greenwich Observatory, 'Ihc- cwnet has been observed by many Londoners at about sunset. Its tail is from l.'i to -U degrees in length. H.M. destroyer,. liden, which wus strand ed near Dover during the recent gale, has been refloated. The Berlin correspondent oi the London ? '?Daily Mai!' states that the number o{ woa'-imen employed in liermun naval dock -aids is ojiicially siven as ^3,yoS, as compared' with ly.bO'J in l'JO2. Arrests are beini; efiected daily in Lis bon ot' members oi revolutionary societies on charges 01' alleged conspiracy against '' tl.c Monarchy. Incriminating documents sad pliins have been seiied. \ ice-Admiral Umnhle, of the British Navy, who has been, engaged, ia reorganis ing the Turkish Navy, has resigned the appointment owing to ill-health. A committee ei Congress has ordered an investigaticn of the high cost ot' living in the United States. United States statistics make New York Jeadaag seaport of the world in 1908. J'rs. PanUiurst announces the cessation oi militant tactics by suffragettes.' An educational movement is to be commenced. The American Cankers Association is c-r^unis-ng a campaign of education to dc icat the proposed establishment of postal savings banks. The secretary of the Treas ury, believes that money might- be retained in the United States ii immigrants were convinced that U.S. banks are sate. Olympic games fixed ior April at Athens are not likely to be held owing to poli tical unrest in Greece. A sensation has been caused ic Anieric-d / arising out of an action for slander by Dr. B. C. tlyde, who hart been accused by an executor of poisoning a millionaire ami his nei-hew. A suspension oi bituminous mining is threatened in Indianopolis unless an ad vance in wages is granted. The defalcations committed by the Dan ish ex-Minister Albert! amounted to £833,000. A new Ministry has been iormed in Greece. M. Dragomis 19 Premier and Min ister of Finance, Colonel Zorbas (he^d o£ the Military League) Minister ior War, and M. Kall&r.gis;, Minister for Foreign Affairs. The . Constantinople correspondent of the 'Morning Post' states, that great uneasiness prevails in Turkish official cir cles owing to the convocation of a Na tional Assembly in Greece. Turkey has dc cidexl to take extreme measures ii Greece ?.ccepts Cretan deputies. 