BANQUET TO MR. CULLEN, M.L.A. LARGE GATHERING AT LAKE OKA KM. INTERESTING SPEECHES. Ker;ui<r, 31st March, 'i A complimentary banquet was tendered to Mr. John C111 !<■)i, Al.Ii.A. lor Gunboiver, at Lahe Charm by life constituents in that; district this evening. It was attended by over JC0 representative residents, and was presided over by Cr. William liadeljtl-e. A Parliamentary party, comprising Messrs. Watt, JJillson and te, M.I.X'., and the Eiuvt, arrived in luring in the Stale car, which wan attached to the ordinary -.train, and they continued the ioni-nty later with a number of visitors from the town bv siv.'. c.ial train. Before leaving Kprang the Mini.-, tors. .-it the re<i rest. of .Air. Cuik-n. visited the local btate school, and speedily recognised tin: necessity of providing increased accommo dation for the children attending then:. The banquet was held in the .Lake Charm railway goods shed, which had been appropriately prepared and decorated lorj the occasion. During the proceedings Mr.I Cullen was made the recipient of a vnhi-l able silver tea and coffee service, and a' gold locket, suitably ir„-.eribed. Amount tlio.se, expressing regret at their inability' to attend were Me^rs. M'Coll, Sampson'.! ■Sternberg, Peacock, .Hutchinson, Crave i j ancl Pharcz Phillips, and Mr. J-;: wood 3fVil.-i: and Jus tollow Water Coiiiinifcsiouerjs U»<» latter expressing their high appreciation ! \r° V;!1llable rendered them -'■l\ v.ulleii since liis apohitmeut. \- . f* Myk* O'Hiipii, in propo^iiitf "The , .umistiT and State Parliament/' ur«*ed tlio! | necessity of endowing the district "with a' reliable water supply, and ensuring ample: settlement on the land, particularly by I mcan.s of assisted immigration. _ Mr. Watt. State Treasurer, in respond ing, expressed his pleasure at beiim- present to do honor to Mr. Cullen. While, as mentioned by the proposer of the toast, tie guest was not a prominent debater, icy all knew what, a conspicuous figure I he mis in the House when important mea-l sures were in hand. Particularly in the interest* of the farmers and producers off the Mate his opinion and counsel were! eagerly eovgbK The Treasurer addressed Itiniseir particularly to the. financial agree-1 ment. which he strongly . urged his' nearert, to support en l.uii April I rhe\ wanted a :.nr division, giving neither oo much to one Government nor too little' wr. r VV"' ,'C:1'C ''vas onl-v 0,10 opinion' °. u'^ t!lf cfflj" adoption of an adequate defence (hear, hear)—and Die t r"V! . bo prepared to sacrifice some l<ait ol iheir revenue to attain this The per capita would continue while the .-•tates bore the interest charge on ±mm> In tiie event of the Com men weajtu diking over the- States- debts the payment to the .States would cease, and the. (.iticronce would be that instead of receiv ing 2o; per head the Stales would be called! upon to pay tin- Commonwealth hi/ p,.r ,a, • wl,!C''i wo«ld take practically the 1 0^:ho :lilcrt taxation of his own: . fclalo rho olvcct of the .and tax was- io' provide for .iciiis-nieni on the laTid first ■>[ ; >» I. not to v.n-dulj' hamper the man who was laitl,fully using- the land God had.given him. but to break up large fequaUerawr*. In no other country was land aggregated the hands of r. few men such as lierc Large tracts were being used for sheep glazing, while gcod men were forced to seek homes elsewhere. There was no desire to des.poil the man vainer his land honestly but to prevent it hoi as held useless an'd tolencss. They v anted effective settlement, and looked for lcvcnue to enable them to develop water, railways, and other schemes It- keep their farmers and settlers hero. ];' vlit. t;,\\- was regarded as being lifc«,ly to operate harshly in any direction the Go vernment- was p;,e]:i.-ir"d to listen to i |.osals for aine-Ki'.i.ent, (Hear, hear.) Mi". BiJlsoi?. H/im'stcr for Education, alfo referred to the "nigh esteem in which JJr. Cullen was held liv the Govern inert and all sections of the House. The Government was giving first consideration to its own peoplo regarding land, but. recognised the neressity of looking all road to-'sccurc suit able settlers, to vr'iicli end it was sendino Mr. ]-,lwood Mead—than whom there was no highu- authority on irrigation in the world—(applause/—and a responsible Minis, rev. The Danish Consul had suggested that oil young I/anes t'.hould give the country a. trial. Tf they succeeded he was satisfied thai; fully 10'Y) f-Mjers would follow. To get the best results from the irrigation ] olicy they must secure settlers acquaint-rd vitli wet farming to orovide ob ject. les-ons for those of our jx'o pie ivh) lacked the necessary experience, lie was sanguine that the improved Closer Settlement, { liill would materially conduce to the prosperity of the State.' The Go vernment recognised the necessity of a for ward railway construction policy, which before it took oflicc did not exceed thirty miles yearly. The people who made homes and developed the countrv in remote dis tricts deserved consideration in this con nection. For some years before he as sumed otfico an average of only £:!0.0t.<> was spent, yearly in rho main leiiance of I lie j public schools. Last year the Govern I incut expended .mti.OIiO. 'J his year would absorb .£120,000, while requisitions were ! before him requiring a iurther expenditure' ol i'l KlJjJO. hxtended sc lu ol accommoda tion was essential. The Government looked to providing an enlarged system* of school education. (Applause.! The speaker -.ai,; a. tribute to the Hallway depart ment' for the speed-,- constrnetiou of the line from Woola.ruI to Po\v!ctt. and pointed out thai the difference in the j.rire of Xew South ^alcs and Powleti coal would mean a :ng to Victoria of fully -Cinri.r.or) yennv. N'ot. o'lly would the rec|'iir;-ments oi' th's State be supplied, but. it was anticipated that, sufficient, eoa! would he available foe i oversea demands. Mr. Pees, M.L.C.. trcnehant.lv criticised (he Government land proposals, and twitted1 ^fr. ^a«t w.th not being the tame Mr. Watt who Bpoke in Parliament. *i Mr. Cullen reviewed liis career as a pub lic mall, and supported the financial n-»rce ment. and Ste.te Land Tax, which latt<?- he said would not prc.-,s hcavilv on landholders in til's district. lie thanked tee pcopie of Lake Charm for the banquet and nio senie.tion. 1 Tiie departure of the special triin or Korani' had the oileet of enrtiiii.ir ii,e toast; list. 1 he ]\liuistet'(:i; partv Vaves for tCeo'uliook in i|=c morning 1 <>" ins,-.eft the trim; line, r-tu-ning ,n l.mj to cat el, iho 2ii:dday tr.»iu. 