DANISH EMIGRANTS. The Danish Minister in London has very fairly met the claim made on behalf of Australia, in connection with the allegations made by him against Danish emigration to Australia. He insists that his statements were made on adequate authority, or at least, what he considered to be so, but that he has instructed Danish consuls in Aus- tralia to make exhaustive inquiries, and to report on the whole question of Aus- tralia's desirableness as a place for im- migration. It is unfortunate both for the Danish Minister himself and for Australia, that he put the cart before the horse, by not first obtaining the re- ports now proposed, and making his pub- lic statements on their authority. And while on this part of the subject, it would be of interest to know who was the informant whom the Danish Mini- ster regarded as a sufficient authority. and on whose information he published throughout Denmark the detrimental statements of which complaint very properly was made. Perhaps no very special sagacity is required to guess who that informant was; and if the name of a certain Socialistic organisation in Sydney were named, the guess might be close enough for all purposes of identi- fication. That indiscriminate immigra- tion, either in regard to numbers or to the character of immigrants should be encouraged, or allowed, never has been suggested, and objection to the introduction of immigrants in number beyond the absorbing capacity of Australia's industrial spheres, both primary and secondary, is perfectly sound and reasonable. Also, it is per- fectly reasonable that the responsible authorities of every country whence emi- gration is proceeding, to warn their people against any other country to which it may be undesirable to go. But this latter course should be taken only on the most authentic information, and only for the very best reasons because to slander another country on flimsy in- formation is a highly improper thing for anybody in responsible authority to do. The thing now to be done is for the State Governments and the Federal Gov- ernment to give to Danish consuls here all possible information, more particu- larly on the points mentioned by the Danish Minister in his warning to his people. Danes are a most particularly desirable class of immigrant. They are very efficient dairy farmers, and as arti- sans they are sober and industrious. It is a fine strain of blood to comingle with our Australian blood, and everything pos- -sible should he done to encourage Danish men and women to come here. In due course, when the reports of the Danish consuls are made public, it might be ad- visable for the Commonwealth Govern- ment to instruct its advertising office to see that such reports are published in the Danish Press, and circulated as widely as possible. For it is certain that those reports cannot be anything but favour able to Australia. Queensland herself might profitably take a hand in this business. 