[?] ALL IRELAND NOTES. Their LorJships Dr. Browne (Bishop of Cloyne) and Dr. Mangan (Bishop o-: Kerry) have doub ed thalr subscriptions this year to the Parliamentary Fund. * * * Justice Madden has ordered presumption of the death of Norah Connolly, who sailed from Australia on board . the ili-fated stea . mer Waratah. Prior to her departure the deceased s.nt £i«JJO to a London bank. Sh& was on her. way home to Tipperary. Intimation has been received of ths re du'ct on of police in Co. Roscommon by 30 men. It would appear thai; the protest of the County Council as to the over-policing of ' Roscommon has had its effect with tha Government. * * ? A visit of Sheriff's bailiffs, accompanied by .some 50 police, to the Colthurst estate, near Ballyvourney, to effect seizures for rent proved abortive in results, as nothing worthy of seizure was found on the hold ings. The Armagh and Keady railway was stated at the Great Northern Railway annual meeting to be showing 2'ea:onably good re sults, earning over £8 per mile per week. £350,000 has already been spent on tli3 en tire work, the opening of which is de.'ayed by piling two floating bogs 35 feet de p. » ? ? The Gaelic League has reason to feel satisfied at tha progress which the Language Week celebrations have demonstrated. Every year the interest taken in the League is growing, and the young peopile ssem , to be. attracted to it in growing numbers. Hitherto the enthusiasm was greatest in Dublin, but now the provinces are showing a desire to take a prominent part in the active phases of the movement. ♦ » » Extraordinary scenes were witnessed at Aughamore, Mayo, on Sunday, March 13. An ex-M.P. was received there in a hostile spirit, and ? the police had to interfere be tween his followers and opponents. A baton charge ensued, in the course of which serious injuries were inflicted and bicycles were broken and damaged. The ex-M.P. then drove to Ballyhaunis with some friends in a brake. There the windows of the hotel where he put up were stoned, and an other baton charge followed. * * * ? ' Sir Thomas Drew,' President of the Royal Hibernian Academy, died in Dublin on Sun day, March 13. S'r Thomas Drew was born in Belfast in 1833, the ? son of the Rev. Thomas Drew, D.D. At the age of sixteen he began the study of architecture as a pupil of the late S'r Charles Lanyon. A i Fellow of the Royal Society of Architects, : he was consulting archite.t to Christ Church \ and St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, and | Armagh Cathedral. From 1892 to 1901 he j was President of the Royal Institute of Architects (Ireland) and of the Society of Antiquaries (Ireland) from 1895 to 1897. * * * A declarat'on has been dssued by the Na t'onal Board cf the Anriont Order of Hiber nians in America, in which is foreshadowed a peace conference foi -,he purpose of putting an end to misunderstandings and recrimina- ? tions between the different Irish organisa tions. Mr. Mathhew Cummings, whose visit to Ireland 'some time ago we commented up on and proved to be an attempt to take the support of the A.O.H. from the Irish Party, is concerned. in the movement. It se.ms that a conference has b.en had in Plrladelphia, and that Mr. Michael J. Ryan (President o-: the TJ.I.L. in America) was appointed one of a committee to bring about a reace confj renca. Mr. Ryan has suggested a meefng of representatives of the A.O.H. , U.I.L., and the Clan-na-Gael, and this suggestion has been adopted. * ? » A unique plan has been adopted and is un der way to irrigate 30,003 acres of fruit and vegetable lands near Northport, ninety miles north of Spokane, Wash. A mining man of Spokane., who is backed by a syndicate * of local capitalists, has been sent to Ireland! to organise a colony of £000 families to make their homes along the Columbia and Kettle rivers in Stevens and Ferry counties. Tha plan now under cons'deration :'s to have the Irish immigrants work the land on shares until they are familiar with modern tillage, when they will be permitted, to buy tha acreage at actual cost. * * ? At the Dublin Convention of the Irish Linen Manufacturers' Assoc'ation official re ports show that linens figure largely in the remarkable increase en Ireland's export trade with the United States. The figures for the year ending June 31, 1908, reveal that this trade amounted to £3,517,000, compared with £l)800)0'0 ten' years ago. A greater portion of the trade was in linens, this item alone accounting for...£2,000,000. Judg:ng by the latest available returns, the year 1909 probaby exceeded the bezt previous re.ord of Irish exports to America. TWO NATIONALISTS DEAD. ? Mr. James O'Connor, M.P, Mr. Timothy, Harrington, M.P. A valuable group of rare Irish coins in terested the numismatic experts who attended the sale at Sotheby's, London, on February 16\. Especlaly interesting were tha Kilkenny halfpennies, struck 'in 1642 during Charles I.'s reign. The rarest of the dozen, real ising the total of £20 3s, was one having on the obverse smatl sceptres and a crown, and on the reverse a broad and short seven stringed harp, which Mr. Spink bought for aix pounds. A Kilkenny farthing, sold along with a Cork farthing and two others, fetched five guineas. Other examples of Irish coinage were nine Ormonde pieces, ranging from half a crown downwards, which brought £2 19s. An expensive farthing was a 'St. Patrick's, Kilkenny,'' of Charles I. (1660), -which fetched £1 18s, and a group of Hiberno Danish pennies sold for a couple of guineas. * ? ? St. Patrick's Day posbcards which ridicule the Irish race are to become the ob.'ects of a campaign of extermination launched by the Ancient Order of Hibernians in Ame rica. Members of the organisation say they are encouraged by their success in driving the burlesque Irish characters from the stage to undertake a campaign in other fields. The caricatures of the race on the postcards are 'deemed partlcu arly obnoxious. Tho movement Is under the direction of P. . J. Haltlgan, editor of the 'National Hiber nian.' 'It is against the law of tha United States,' said Mr. Haltigan, 'to use the mails in ridicule pr deramat.'on of a private or pubic character, and the Ancient O.der of Hibernians will invoke the aid of the United States Government to abolish the nefarious practice. Attention also will be given to the stores vhi.h place on exhibi tion for sale any insulting souvenirs or' so- . called 'favours,' such as p'gs or clay pipes, 'caubsen' hats, etc., which have no re'ation ship whatsoever to the history and character of ihe Irish people.' [It will be remember ed that over . a year ago we recommended this movement to Irishmen, owing to tha export of such articles to AustTalia. — Ed. F. J.] 