SPECIAL I'BOVINCIAL PREES AGENCY. Cablegrams. LONDON, Thursday AT the Missionary Conference, which is still sitting, Mr. H. F. Bootoon said that almost all the difficulties attend ing the world organisation were due to the disunited state of the home church. Co-operation was now desired and had already been reached in Aus tralia. Mr. John R. Mott, of New York, cliairmau of the conference, said there was something impressive in representatives of a young continent summoning older nations to unite and foliil the purpose of the conference. Australia's message should not fall on deaf ears. The Bishop of Gippsland detailed the circumstances making for Australian amity, aud the present position of the negotiations. Queen Alexandra's new flag has been hoisted at Buckingham Palace and is a combination of the British aud Danish standards, with a large and prominent white cross. Twelve new peerages are fore shadowed iu connection with birthday honors. The Standard of Empire says the Canadian Naval Department is con ferring with the admiral regarding plans for construction of ten warships. Replying in the House of Commons to Mr. Reed, Mr. Monti.gue mentioned there wa6 a rumor that fighting had occurred for 6ome days iu March east ward of Labassa, and that 400 Chinese troops were killed, bat no authentic information had been received. The Australian Bisley team were inspected by the King at Marlborough House yesterday. The men were drawn up on the lawn, and Lord Gbeylesmore presented Capt. Paine to King George, who, while shaking bands, referred to his Australian visit. Then walking along the line he spoke to the members of the team, expres sing the hope that their stay would be pleasant aud profitable. He was greatly interested to learn tbat two members of the team were geographic ally separated from each other by nearly 5000 miles of territory. The team were much impressed by King George's unaffected kindness and obvious interest iu Australia. A thoueaud dock workers at Avon mouth have etruck in sympathy with those at Newport. The warehousefaen and grainmen have also struck. One steamer sailed leaving a portion of her cargo behind. Mr. "Willian Bryan and biB wife» who are visiting Britain, were the guests of the Irish party yesterday and were entertained at the House of i CommonB. Mr. Bryan cordially in vited Messrs. Redmond, O'Connor, and Devlin to visit hie home in Nebraska during their forthcoming visit to the United States. The political committee of the National Liberal Club have adopted a resolution which, while expressing complete confidence in the Govern ment and recognition of the fact that a general election at the present junc ture was not in the best interests of the country, emphasises the import ance of regarding the House of Com mons as only the basis of settlement, and that an essential point is to secure that the will of the House of Commons should prevail in all matters of legis lation within the life of one Parlia ment, and that the present moment was opportune for considering reform of the House of Lords. King George received nearly fifty addresses and deputations from the universities, religious denominations, the Colontal Institute, and philan thropic bodies. In his various replieB His Majesty declared his earnest desire to follow in King Edward's footsteps aud labor for the unity, peace, happi ness and prosperity of the Empire, and strive to promote its moral interest and maintain civil and religious liberty, which was the basis of progress and spiritual utility. Brick MuebBan, a literateur, Bchultze, a pianist, and a bookseller's traveller and a workman, have been indicted at Munich on a charge of founding an anarchist society for the purpcme of overthrowing the State. It is alleged that they are implicated in the bomb outrage at Munioh. They are also indicted for planning a bomb outrage on the Reiohstag and other public buildings, conspiring to invite soldiers to desert, and for planning robberies. By means of a dynamite bomb the staircase in the town hall at Friedberg Hesse was destroyed, and during the commotion the thrower entered a branch of the Imperial Bank in the vicinity and shot at and severely wounded the manager; but on a crowd arriving the man fled on a bicycle and afterwards committed suicide. Writs have been issued at Athens for the arrest of the five ringleaders in the looting of a Roumanian steamer at PireauB. The Roumanian Note, sent through Italy, which has been entrusted with Roumanian interests, has been for warded to Greece. It threatens an ultimatum to Greece unless full satis faction for the PireauB incident is forthcoming this week. The Paris Tribunal have awarded to M. Tramier, the Marseilles trader, £2400 damages against Mrs. Clark for broach of agreement in connection with pearl fishing in the Persiau Gulf. Earl Crewe, in reply to a corres pondent regarding the alleged difficulty of married immigrants with children obtaining employment in Australia, said the matter was one entirely for the consideration of the Common wealth and State Governments. in the House of Commons Mr. Win ston Churchill, in reply to Messrs. Banbury aud Bonavlaw, said the danger of riot was so great, and the impossibility of dealing therewith equally so, that it was temporarily necessary to prevent Houlders from importing laborers to Newport. Mr. Lyttleton remarked that the Opposi tion did not impeach the Home Office for the course taken, but desired to affirm that the temporary risk of riot would not constitute an excuse for making a permanent change in the law. The tennis championships were con tinued yesterday. Wilding and Doust were victorious in the third round of the All England singles championship, Wilding defeating Ritchie by 6-2, 6-3, o-7, and 6 2. Doust aud Pordwin were victorious in the second round of the doubles championship. A majority of the Board of Concilia tion at Toronto recommend an increase of wages to the extent of 6 per ceut. for the Canadian-Pacific railway con ductors and baggage men, and 15 per per cent, for freight men, and an in crease in the cost of the Canadian Grand Trunk railway of 15J per cent, to conductois, and 17 per cent, to brakemen eastward of the Detroit and St. Clair Rivers; 11 per cent, to conductors and brakemen to the west ward of those rivers. The award is likely to avoid strikes. The United States Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs have approved of the Representatives' Bill for the ap pointment of a world-wide peace com mission, as cabled on the 2 let Jane. The Senate also passed the Repre sentatives' Bill requiring the publica tion of political campaign contribu tions, but with an amendment provid ing for publication only after an election. XJOHSON, Thursday evening. Bnda Pesth newspapers state that the Kaiser telegraphed to the Crown Prince of Roumania describing the recent incident at Pireaus as a grave affront to the HohenzollernB, and con gratulating him upon the children escaping brntal aggression. Barry, the sculler, completed his English training in splendid condition, weighing llBt. lO^lbs. He rowed from Hammersmith Bridge to Bishops Creek in 6min. 28sec., which waB 22secs. fester than Hanlan's time. He takes three boats on board the steamer for Sonth Africa. In the House of Commons Mr. Keir Hardie complained of the suppression of the MackarnesB pamphlet, where npon Mr. Montague, in justifying the aotion of the Indian Government, Baid there was no reason for not applying the same law to obnoxions matter transmitted from England and pro duced in India. It is rumored that Lord Kitchener succeeds General Nicholson as Chief of the Imperial Staff. At the ceremony attending the com mencement of building another battle ship for Australia, Lady Reid wished that the vessel should serve Australia and the Empire well and faithfully, in times of peace and in war. Driving the second rivet Sir George Reid wished good luck. Captain Collins, Paine, Lieuts. Riddeloombe, Barnes, Hockings, and Professor Biles, were present. President Taft has intimated that Mr. Roosevelt has been appointed as president of the proposed world-wide peace commi&Bion.; The International Air Conference in Paris, are discussing airways, tres* passing, customs, fortifications, and spies. E. A. MoKeszie, who was born deaf and dumb, has secured & Bachelor of Arte degree at Cambridge. Jeffries has sprained his thumb, and rests for a week. Bart Dorsey defeated Charlie Griffin, the Australian, at Albany, in ten rounds. Mr. Roosevelt has commenced daily work and is on the lookout for an office. Four Powers accepted Jsuolsky's proposal on prinoiple, but it will only be enforced in case of Cretan con tumacy. Wilding defeated R. McMair by 6-0, 6-0, and 6-0. Doust defeated Gordon Smith by 6-3, 6-0, and 6-2. A vigorous Roman Catholic cam paign has been comiranced against the Spanish Government's concessions to Protestants, and disorders have occurred in several towns. A private Bill introdnced in the French Senate piopoBes the dismissal of civil servants not married by 25 years; that the child-birth bounties should be increased, and pensions paid for each child over three in a family; and extra military service for all men who are unmarried at over 29 years. The Canadian census will be taken on the 1st of June next year. Obituary: Lady Chermside, in Switzerland. Mr. Lloyd-George has promised to consider the remission of the super tax, and remedy the hardship in con nection with incomes now subject to double iucome tax in the motherland and over seas. 790 fresh cases of cholera are re ported at Rostoff, and there were 219 deaths on Tuesday. There i6 a panic in the bazaars and markets. Colouel Cody has been badly in jured owing to the collapse of an aeroplane at Aldershot. Mr. Asquith announced in the House of Commons that the Declaration Bill would be introduced on Tuesday and the Budget on Thursday, and discus sion on women's suffrage during the session. David Charlton was arrested at a carnival in New York. He confessed to the Como murder. The following have been created Knights Commander of St. Michael and St. George:-Colonel Newton Moore, and Mr. William Hall-Jones (New Zealand High Commissioner) ; Knights Bachelors:-Mr. Charles Christopher Bowen, and Major N. T. Bilbe Robinson (Queensland Agent General) ; Companions of St. Michael and St. George:-Mr. Atlee Hunt and Professor Edgeworth. 