LONDON TABLE TALK, (From our own correspondents I - london. June 3, 1910. William Frederick, a travelling salesman for a large flower plant at Duluth. Mine.. according to the "Christian Advocate"' of New York, bears the distinction of being the only person who ever committed the Bible to memory. He is not a member of any particular church. but he has made such a study of the Bible that he can repeat any passage in it from Genesis to Revelation, and state where it is found. He was 18 years committing the Bible to memory. His object in doing so was not for the purpose of arguing Scripture or of making a display of his wonderful know- ledge along that line, but simply for his own benefit and his love for the Book. Icons Plus Free Church Catechism! They kiss the crucifix, her mast, and leave the Free Church Catechism." This unusually eclectic type of religion is described by a writer in the "Christian World" as prevailing among a large number of Ruthenian immigrants in the Dominion, who have formed an "Independent Greek Church of Canada." They have established a friendly alliance with the Canadian Presbyterians, but retain their irons, their rest ments, and their ritual generally. Their young clergy are trained in the Presbyterian College, Winnipeg, and a Ruthenian translation of the English Free Church Catechism is the medium for the religious instruction of immigrants' children. Cardinal Vaughan's Spiked Bracelet. In the biography of Cardinal Vaughan by Mr. J. G. Snead-Cox, just published by Herbert and Daniel, reference is made to a form of punishment which the Cardinal in later life devised for the greater mortification of his body." For years he wore on his left arm an iron bracelet with spikes on the inside, which were pressed into the flesh. One which he had worn for some time had somehow got broken, and he commissioned Mr. Dunn to make a new one, diviner, him a piece of the old one as a pat- tern'. A day or two later the new brace- let was produced, but the points were mercifully blunt. The Cardinal handed it back with the words. "That is no use." He then crave more explicit instructions. It was to be made out of steel wire, -piano wire, and the points were to be sharp. When it was made to his satisfaction, He told Mr. Dunn to bring a pair of pliers and to fasten it on the arm so that it could never come off. When that was done, the Cardinal brought his right hand down heavily on the iron circlet and so drove it home. The bracelet was, it is added, cut off the Cardinal's arm after his death. Dr. Gifford's Latest Degree. Manchester University, Toronto, recently conferred on Dr. Clifford the degree of Doctor of Laws, honor's cause. in presenting his name to the Chancellor at the public convocation. Rev. John MacNeill, B.A.. pastor of the Walmer-road Baptist Church. Toronto, paid an eloquent tribute to Dr. Clifford. His mention of the doctor's name in all its unadorned simplicity John Clifford, residing in London. England, but ministering to the whole English-speaking world went home to the hearts of the large audience, and evoked hearty applause, as did also his description of him as the great leader of the Nonconformist forces of the whole country, and the Nestor of the Baptists of the world. A Loss to Meteorology. The comparatively new science of me theology can ill afford the loss of so eminent a meteorologist as M. Brushes, whose death has just been reported from France. For nearly ten years M. Brushes had been in charge of the observatory on the summit of the Puy de Dome, the ex liners volcano which occupies almost a central position in France, and during that period he made many valuable contributions to our knowledge of terrestrial magnetism and the upper atmosphere. It is becoming increasingly apparent that not until the atmospheric conditions obtain- ing at high altitudes are understood can we hope for much improvement in our weather forecasts, and in England invests stations similar to those carried out by M. Brushes at his elevated station are daily made by the University of Manchester, by means of kites and balloons sent up from the observatory at Glossop. The Biggest Railway in the World. It is generally claimed (according to the "Railway Magazine") that the Pennsylvania system of railroads constitute-; the largest railway in the world, and for that reason the following statistics, issued under date December 31, 1909, will be of interest. The records show, that the railway possesses 24.097 miles of track. The length of railway is 11,234 miles. The lines run through fourteen states, in which live more than one-half of the 90,000,000 people in the United States. The Pennsylvania railroad is essentially an institution of the state of Pennsylvania, for in it are located 4,101 of the 11,234 miles of line. The Drug Habit in America. From a Government bulletin, prepared by Dr. Keble, the head of the division of drugs in the Government Bureau of Chemistry it would appear that there are more drag friends' in the United States" than in any other «»oiintryin the world, not excepting China. "The number of drug addicts in the United States," we are told, is variously estimated by those conversant with the situation, at from 1,000,000 to 4,000,000;" though Dr. Keb- ler records his own opinion that the latter figure is probably excessive. The drugs mainly in use are opium and its preparations and cocaine, Stringent law for the suppression of the sale of all habit-forming drugs, except on medical prescription, are being urged upon the Government. The Street Dogs of ( Constantinople. Constantinople, it has been decided, shall be freed from its innurttcra-ble street dogs, that have for so long a time infested the city. The dogs are, according to a correspondent of the "Lancet," being caught at. night times and transported in special vans to Top Kapu, a district in Stamboul. Of their further destiny little is known as yet. The whole thing is done as quiet as possible in order not to excite the hostility of the Osmanli, who cared for their dogs' as if they were really useful and turns pensable domestic animals. With the removal of the street dogs there will downs plant from Constantinople one of its most bizarre historic fines. Some Trade Union Statistics. The total trade union membership of the affiliated countries is, according to En- gineering," as follows: Great Britain, 2,406.742; German. 2.382,401; United States, 1.588,000; Italy, 546,850; Austria, 482,2799; France, 294,918; Sweden, 219,000; Belgium, 147,058; the Netherlands, 126 845; Denmark. 120,850; Switzerland, 113,800; Hungary, 102,054: Norway. 48,157; Spain, 44,9912; Finland, 32,000; Bulgaria. 12,833; Croatia, 4,520; Bosnia, 1,997; and Servia, 3238. The aggregate membership of the 20 unions enu- merated is given at 9,308,157. In most countries there was a decrease in membership in 1908, but in Great Britain there was an increase. As regards the proportion of trade unionists to population. Denmark stands first with 48 percent, and Sweden next with 40 per cent. Doctors in command of an Army. There have been many "fighting doctors" in our army, and medical officers have sometimes exchanged the scalpel for the word. But hitherto, the "British Medical Journal" points out, there has been no case in which the chief military command of an army has been entrusted to a man whose can his career as a medical officer. Now it is announced that General Leonard Wood has been appointed. Chief of the Staff of the United States Army. General Wood took his doctor's degree at Harvard in 1884, and immediately entered the medical corps of the American army. In the war between Spain and the United States he became colonel of Rough Riders, and in 1908 he was promoted by President Roosevelt to the rank of major-general. It is interesting to note that the second in command of the Uni- tern States army is also a medical man. This is Major- General F C. Ainsworth, who took his degree at New York University in 1874. Brandy a Cause of Consumption. Dr. Jacques Bertillon. before the Statistical Society of Paris, has compared two maps of France, on one of which were graphically represented the consumption of eau-de-nil in each department, and on the other the prevalence of consumption. Tiwi result indicated that consumption and brandy drinking go together. The rela- tion indicated between the cxmsmnption of eaa-de-v-ie and the prevalence; of consumption was also supported by figures having reference to cwcupaiifui which JfL Bertillon brought forward. Thus be found that the mortality from consumption among cabaret tiers was much greater than that among' shopkeepers leading otherwise the same exieteiKX. while railway -workmen, with whom t-iohriety''is <-ompr*rl*fcory, do not suffer, from «^srraxLption to seafaring life Ute extent which the cabmen, draymen, and cab- men suffer. The sex distribution of phthisis, according to M. Berthelot. tells the same story, the attack rate among adult males being much higher than that among adult females, though in youth the figures are the same; and it is the men, he says, who are mainly responsible for the consumption of alcohol in big critics. Why Infants Appear Greedy. Some remarkable experiments have been carried out by Dr. Rosenthal which seem to show that the amount of' food an infant can comfortably take in is actually larger in bulk than the measurement of its stomach He carried out his observations at a foundling hospital. Each child was fed every three hours; the amount of milk given at a time was never forced, and in no case was there any regurgitation, vomit- ing or sign of overfeeding. The milk was increased in quantity only when the infants emptied every bottles greedily and did not appear satisfied with the size of their great. ' After death the stomach capacity was ascertained with as little disturbance of the natural conditions as possible. With few exceptions the results obtained show that the infant took in more fluid at a nursing than the volume of its stomach contents. The doctor concludes that the stomach capacity of infants as measured is a false guide to the amount of milk that should be given at each feed. He contends that the amount of milk given should exceed the measured stomach capacity of the child by a considerable margin. Further, the intervals between the feeds should never be less than two and a half hours for breast-fed children and three hours for bottle-fed. Sudden Whitening of the Hair. Whitening of the hair as a result of fright, emotion, or shock figures more frequently in fiction than in the actual records of medical experience. Professor Steele han, in an interesting paper, reviewed the subject of the mechanism by which under ordinary conditions hair turn grey or white. He comes to the conclusion that no case of sudden blanching of the hair has ever occurred or ever will occur. He finds that in the ordinary whitening of the hair the change is not due to an alteration or a disappearance of the pig ment of the hair, but to a replacement of a dark or colored hair by a clear hair free from pigment. The process is therefore a change of hair and not a depigmentation The natural color of hair depends upon the occurrence within it of pigment, and if that is wanting the hair appears grey or white but the presence of air within the bar may also contribute to its white or grey appearance. Any alteration in the cove of the hair occurring normally is. then, at tributed to falling out of the hair and replacement byt hair of another color or by grey hair. At the same time Professor Stieda admits that a pigmented hair has; become grey in its proximal part if the development of pigment in the hair root ceases, so that the newly formed part of a pigmented hair may thus become colorless. The whitening of the hair associated with advancing years is regarded as a natural process, has Professor Steele allows that long grief anxiety, and insanity, may indeed similar changes, which are, however, not necessarily permanent. Rubber from Bananas. A cloudy emulsion pressed from th green fruit of the Martinique banana has been found to contain 10 per cent, of rubber, equivalent to 50 per cent, of the dry weight of the expressed juice. Analysis showed that the green banana skin contain as much as 20 per cent of - rubber, while the dried skin yielded 7 per cent, of rubber, and per cent, of wax, resin, and chlorophyll Some varieties are reported to be even richer in rubber than the Martinique banana. Extraction seems to offer no special difficulties, and it is predicted that rubber from banana skins may become J commercial success in the near future. Naval Gun Power. There is a tendency to judge the power of a ship by the amount of metal which can be thrown if all the guns were fired simultaneously and without regard to whether they could be brought to bear upon an enemy or could be fired as fast in war as they can be fired in theory on paper. This method of judging a ship of war is somewhat analogous to the can animal's idea of effective music. To an nn tutored savage the most effective pines would be one in which the loud pedal was always on and the player in order to produce the greatest volume of sound struck all the notes at once. To the practised ear the result would not be music. In the same way to the expert gunnery officer the idea of mounting as many gun as possible. in a ship. may be crowding them together so closely as to become a danger to the crew, rather than the enemy-and firing them all. at once is not effective gunnery. Naval shoot ing is no longer a matter of discharging a number of shells haphazard in the hope that a proportion of them will hit the enemy. It has, says A. S. Hurd, in "Cas ster's Magazine," become a very exact science. The Telephone Telegraph. The telephone telegraph is the idea of three Danish engineers, and its purpose is to leave a recorded message for any subscriber called when away or otherwise prevented from responding to the ear. The transmitting apparatus includes a keyboard like that of the ordinary typewriter. The receiving apparatus prints the message on a tape in ordinary characters, and single communications or a series of them can be sent at any time, to await prompt attention on the subscriber's return. Flour Made of Sawdust. i Flour from sawdust is another step in the movement for the conservation of forest resources. The flour in question is not the kind which goes into the making of food. It is ground in a cheap mill, very similar to those which grind corn. The flour is. an excellent absorbent for the nitroglycerine, which is the explosive ingredient of dynamite. Wood flour dynamite is inferior to that made with infusorial earth is the ah Eorbent, but it serves many purposes, and is cheaper. But dynamite is one of the smallest prospective used for the product,. Linoleum makers mix it with linseed oil, to give body to their floor coverings It is not considered quite equal to ground work for this purpose, as it is less elastic; but it is cheaper and meets requirements- for medium grades. The flour fills an important place in the manufacture of Kyalite, a kind of artificial flooring, resembling wood in weight and stone in other respects. It is used for kitchen floors, and in halls, corridors, cafes, restaurants, and public rooms. It is practically fireproof. It is floor material in some of the German war vessels. It is so used because it is not liable to take fire or splinter if struck by shells. Many additional uses for wood flour will probably be found. Dentist Forceps: New Terror. Ordinary dentist forceps are fearsome objects to persons with a toothache, but they are gentle tools as. compared to a new type of forceps, in appearance at least. One handle of the new implement is a long rod like affair on which a heavy weight sides. When the forceps as attached to the tooth, this phrager weight includes sharply against a stop at the end of the rod and the resultant jerk dislodged the tooth Painful as the description sounds, it is claimed that the tooth comes out with less pain than with the ordinary forceps, and without an application of muscular fence on the part of the dentist. 