General Cables. \- . An avalanche at He'fsdal in Iceland killed 23 persons. , /Tlio Czar drives _ almost daily unes corted in the streets of 'St. Peters burg, and the secret police are alarm- ed at his temerity. / There is a constfe tutional conflict' with the Lower Hcu.Be in Saxony, be- . pause the Government has refused . to grant the demand/for? the reform of the Ujoper Ho use by admitting repre- ? sentatives of the great . industries. A dissolution is tlmeatened. ; The Kmg and Queen attended; -a ban quet at the German Embassy in honor, of Prince Henry of Prussia. 'Lady /Dudley was 'present, and there was a brilliant assembly. 7 ' C Gustaye Herve was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for publish ing in ">La Guerre Sociale" a glorifi cation of the; Apache who murdered a P_ai Is policeman. / : » 'The contracts giiven by the Admiralty Ail fliml "tAv t.lliO no Vtr -ino Vn Vnclllfori .1UJ. .Vll 1UV1 AUJ. VAAW UCIr'jr in a small boom iu the shares of oil companies on. the. Stock- Exchange, "as ; it is expected that the American and / other navies will follow the lead of Great Britatu. Mr, John L. Shine; a prominent //'comedian, has been awarded £1000 dajinlages in an action against " the Moss Euipires, Limited, for an . injury to . his shoulder through falling over : some defective scenery. > / A" number of prospectuses of rubber., . companies' are being issued daily,- and, the public are eagerly subscribing. The u . prices of raw .rubber continue to harden. / ' 7 Three of the claug-hts of the ex- Sultan Abdul Humid, ps /son Abdura- 'him, and eight ladies of the harem, have returned to Constantmopm. J-t " . is / understood that the condition of Abdul Humid rendered, it impossible for thenr to remain at Salonika, where the 7 v ex-Sultan, /has l?een yompulsorily re siding sdiice -his deposition. - The death is announced of Mr. A-.- p. Walter, chairman of the London ''Times" publishing Company. There -has? been ' £230,000 compensa tion awards to 91 public Houses ex tinguished at the , London sessions. This is Payable/out of the trade special, fund.- The Danish Government has in troduced a Bill providing for the ' export! of butter, containing niore than 16 per cent of moisture. . ; ; : The Chinese have subdued Eastern Tibet, and it is stated ..that the Dalia Lama intends to appeal to the Indian Government; The Tashi Laraa Is staying at Shigatsf. The Chinese 7 troops sustained reverses,, losing 400 and some guns in an ambjush. Ether- grams are now established- to Lhassa and 2b0 mountain guns of Japanese patterns have been sent to the front. The German Press welcomes the Austrian Premier, Baron. Aehrent- hal, with effusive cordiality, and it ; reiers to tne past anu ;ui.uib v of the Austro-German alliance. ; Lord Curzoii. who was. elected Rector of the University of Glas gow, has twice postponed the deliverv- of his rectorial address, and. the students have now. -by "533 vot to 306, passed a vote of censure, upon 7/ him. notwithstanding h's explanation ' that the postponement was due to" tirgHt political duties. Lord Curzon has, ih consequence, resigned. The Philadelphia strike leaders have admitted that the arrival of four .. companies of grey -clad State con stabulary.. and the possibiliH of calling out /the state militia, is a severe blow . to their cause. The leaders were in conference all night, \- and next day announced that they had been preparing, drastic measures \- - - -k; \ . Un A IU Hieuu l«1 16 XJ cW UULJJ. VLiixxgo XICVLA taken. So far the strikers have des- " tro.ved 750 cars, while others, mak1 ing a total of 1000. -haVv. heen dun- aged. The authorities have posted militia along th- 'streets at intervals of 20 yards, hut the movement proved a fiasco, the women putting tins on the points of the soldiers' bayonets and cutting the buttons off their 'uniforms as souvenirs of the strike. The gaols are overcrowded and business paralysed. The trials of the rioters has begun, two hav ing been sentenced to six years' im prisonment. The London "Times" states that the. strike js attributable- to Political corruption. The Republic machine has made the citv a by-word for dis honesty, particularly. in connection with the tramways. , \- GPituce Henry of Prussia received a (deputation from the Anglo-German friendship committee. Prince Henry reciprocated sentiments of friendship expressed by the deputation?. / Lord Morley, Secretary of State for JLXJ.MU.tL, CllxU. Lilt? f AUCiUy Ul dJJ/Uiia9 Ai/an Minto, are discussing the advisability of sending someone to meet Tashia Laint, the second spiritual ruler of Thi bet. ; . ; ' I i I I i . Sir George Reid, Australian. High Comuiissidner, has been apiibinted a member of the Cable Pacific Board. ' Mr. Sydney Buxton, President of the -Board of Trade, stated in the Hbuse of Commons that the Labor- Exchanges had made a pro-uiiskig start, and had already filled -several . thousand situa tions. , . It is . . reported that Shevhet Pasha, forinerly A.D.G. to the ex-Sultan Ab dul Hamid, has hancled to the State his fortune of £13,500,000. The Geneva Observatory has located" a -new co;met, quite near Halley's Co met. . v / ' ; ' . . . A new French tax of ten per cent, upon admissions to racecourses ' will produre £40,000 annually. In dismissing the appeal of Dr. Botlle, the alleged hvunotist: aenainst fine of £1000, the Master of the Hells de scribed him as a swindler, and an. ig norant and unscrupulous quack. ' Speaking in the Prussian Diet, the Minister ofi Commerce- said Britain was on the verge of protection. Germany must examine closely and see whether the weapons which the traiff . had given her were properly wielded and. whe ther they would suffice to secure .the. results desired. Commenting on the commercial relations of Germany with Canada, the Minister added : "German goods' are /still differentiated against as compared with those from Britain and. some of the British colonies and France." " This preference only amounts for the majority of articles to 2- per cent. . " Uolonei uaae, Orerman aiuitajLy anu Naval Expert, in. an article in ''Tage- blatt" asserts that while the Navy Act ! fixes the nuuAer oi German battle ships at 38, Germany is really build ing 58, since cruisers which were orig inally intended- as powerful scouts are now. being constructed with the mrma- ment and. armour of battleships. , Dr. Schaeffer, speaking in " Can adian House of Commoms, toncbing the question of Canadian indepen dence, said the influence of the Pre mier would never be strong enough to- bring about separation from Great Britain. Canada's own proposal for . an Imperial navy under, one head was one which would stand fqr un ity arid co-ordination- - . , Dr. Schwatz is to investigate /bhv independent- supply of oil in America with a view of reporting to the Ger man Government .as to the advisa bility of 7 establishing a Government monopoly in the oil business, so as to crush the; Standard . Oil Company operations there. " Mr. Taft, the United States Presi dent, referring to the press criticism, said - newspaper writers do not cariy in the Pocket all public opini- on, ana pereaps . xne amerjiuaxL yeuyxu are able to see through their hyper- criticism ; something bf their hysteria and something of their hypocrisy, and : have a real sympathy for the man who, under cons deraqle .responsibi lity. ; i's doing; the best he can. An unknovTi steamer has been dri ven 'on" the Goodwin Sands. Five tugboats and thred lifeboats are struggling to rescue the crew. The high seas running' may prevent the life savers from reaching those, on hoard. The Canadian . Minister for Agri culture announces that a Government bonus of five dollars will He paid to each domestic servant brought to On tario by the Salvation Army- or any other trustworthy agencj'-. The Go vernment is considering the payment ." aF I-VlA MtViaIa A-» TV a -11 4-Vv _ Wn nr«A rmt V/l. Iillu ' 'VXLiyit/j v Rvlt Uj UA vRo ydiOOCtC money. .Great efforts aiie being made to en tice a. flow of Immigration to the the province- of Manitoba. . ''The Su- perirltehdeht of fLabor announces that besides males the«e is a demand for 10,000 women, also for young m£fr- ried couples.-. - Mr. Camp.. Assistant District At torney, who is in charge of the Uni ted States Government's inquiry in to the Beef Trust, states that agents of the Trust in Jersey City attemp ted to bribe him with two hundred thousand pounds to drop (bp in- '"'h'v. The statement has -caused' a sensation. A party bf . 150 mounted State Constailm1 > r-- . who n re . 0 Ms'-o nied to deal with turbulent colliers, over awed the _ Philadel; h'an strikers. More cars are running, but a general strike is threatened. /Engineering" slates that the British Naval estimates will amount to forty million pounds. Four bat tleships, two of the Boadicca class, \ two .of the Hereford class, and 20 destroyers for 'the Home Fleet are to be laid down, in addition to several destroyers for the Colonial Fleet. The United States authorities are calling for tenders for the supply of 6,000,0001b of frozen beef and 200,- 0001b of mutton for the Philippine army. For economical reasons, the Greek Ministers at all capitals except Con- stantinople have been recalled, and matters left in the hands Hf Charges d' Affairs. 