The Man on thle Land. So far as can be judged by results up to the present, the land resumption scheme of the Qovernmont hlas not proved anything nearly so successful as was expected. It has been cal culated that sbmoe two millions sterling has been, expended on settling 1100 farmers on the land; and at this rate it is surely time to. ask whether the gamd is worth the candle. More especially is this the case when it is reanl ised that scarcely any of tlhisottlers are from oversea. They are merely immigrants from otlher Australian Stafotes.and residents of our own pastoral and agricultural areas. We have, therefore, spent two millions sterling in prac tically impoverishing our neighbours by rob bing them of population. Our gain is not only their loss, but the country's loss into the bargain. It is useless for the Government to point with pride. to the families it has been the moans of settling on these resumptions wheln we know that the population of Austra lia has not been increased by this policy oaf "robbing Peter to pay Paul'" Of course it goes without saying that the State always gets the womst of the. bargain when it decides to resumne. Nevertheless, the price paid for the privilege is undoubtedly too exorbitant to continue such a process for so small a return. If land caninot be had without resorting to ex penditure of this lavish description other me thods must be employed of obtainiig it, and of rendering it available for settlement. As matters aracnow, we are simply impoverishing ourselves for little advantage to the State, and nonet whatever to the Commonwealth..-Even ing News. "Dry bible," the mysterious disease which affects cattle, sheep, goats, and others of the ruminating or cud-chewing family, is one thing in South Australia, where it is preva lent, and another in New South VWales, but in neither State are its peculiarities known pre cisely. "The dryness of thd third stomach of the ruminant family, commonly called the bible, because it has a great number of leaves or folds, is not uncommon in, all the digestive disturbances of these animals. Ruminating animals, such as cows, sheep, and goats, have four stomachs. Thle third stomach is thle one commonly known as the book or bible, and when these animals aer kept without food or rwater for a few days the contents of thIe third stomach are found in a very dry condition, on account of the-fluids being absorbed to main tain the animal in a healthy condition. At a later stihge of the disease it would be necessary to give it a new name on scientific lines." Mr. Desmond, S.A. Government Veterinary Sur geon, has discovered the particular microse responsible for the disease as it is known in his State. Currant-graowers in the other States increase the yield of their vines by cutting away a small ring of bark on the main branbhes, or else by ringing them 'withl a piece of wire tied tightly round the branches. It does not seem to hurt the vines. An Americas experi menter tried a similar plan on. some peach iand other trees, and was surprised at the re sult. "Last rinter," he says, "I girdled -limbs on several apricot, plum, rnd peach trees, and in the case of the Admiral Dewey and Alberta lith marked success. Except a few scattered peatChes the only crop borne on those varieties was on the giedled limbs, the May freeze hlav ing caused the fruit to shed. The Dewey pen cIces were not only about as large as ordiriary Elberta, but ripened about 10 days before thel few others that reained on the tree. The girdled Elberta limb was loaded with fine fruit, larger in size than the average, whlile there were only three peaches on the ungird led limbs. The experiment was not so favour able on plums and apricots, the trees seeming to favour the ungirdled lims, a streong indica tioer that the entire tree should be treated, and low down-on the body. But from the Doewey and Elberta experiments it would seem that removing a circle of about- one-quarter of an inch of bark in some way affectedl the flow of sap and prevented the fruit from shedding. The bark on both trees closed the gaps in a few months, and'withlout injury.to the limbs. All of my girlling operations; lhowever, were on ra ther small, individual limbs, but a Lo Conto pear tree 7in. in diameter and about 20 years old had boon barren for some years. The own er concluded to have it removed, as it sfood over and lshaded her flower pit. So, as it hap poned, whlen the blooms weore just bursting, she had a man to chop around thie body with an -axe, intending to have it cut away, limb after limb, after it died. But instead of dying it threos out a mass of strong sprouts below the cut, which were removed later, went right on blooming, set and matured about five bushels of extra large andl fine flavoured pears, while a larger tree, growing a few fiet away, did not bear a pock, though it bloomed profusely. I visited the .tree, and when I saw it I could scarcely believe my eyes, for it was again load ed from top to bottom with &t; least five bush els df large and- handsome pears, and free from blight. The larger tree within 12ft. of it did not have a dozen pears upon it." In most of" the countries of the world the clearing of forest land for agriculture has pro cereded at a reckless pace. To this wholesalo destruction the aridity of various parts of Can ada and tlre-United States, the floods and fa mines of China, tihe. barrenness of Mesopota mia and Asia Minor are attributed. Thie shlip ping of tile Danish Atliitic Coast his caused a marked deteribration of climate. From Spain, Turkey, Africa, and tussia come wbll authenticated accounts of the drying up of springs where trees have been destroyed. With in relatively recent times a great part of tihe tussock land' of Now Zealand was forest clad, nd'tlhe Maoris have a tradition that the tim ber and the mon disappeared together, the former as the result of destructive fires. Much of this destruction has been wrought in histo rio times, giving rise to Sir 'Julius Vogel's re mark that a swagmatn w-ould burn down a for est, to light hIris pipe. That the areas so left bare have a lower than normal rainfall is the consonsus of opinion, while it is further true that treeless country is unable, for various reneasons, to retain oven such moisture as it re quires. As a secondary argument for affore station, nothing could be stronger than the ef fecet of planting on the efficiency of the soil: There is good reason to believe that thobIilant ing of suitably chosen trees would be sucfiss ful, even in areas of very low average rainfall. This is a field in which experimental work oze tensive enough to afford convincilng. deamon strations, might very well be undeletaken by the State. There is ample orevidence.that the treeless wastes of Australia once carried vast foreats, and while, as often happens, the causes of the disappearances of the forest flora are not very clear, there is siomd ovidencd'thlat ra dicl changs in climate was not one of them. Tree-planting on a really largo scale would doubtless immensely ameliorate -Australian conditions, and at thie same time provide us with an asset of enormous valuea-S.M. Herald. 