The Windsor Magazine, The February Windsor Magazine" is a remarkably important and varied New Year issue, showing no falling off ; from the high standard of excellence, ; literary and pictorial, of^ the recent ; Christmas number. Here, for instance, ! within the pages of this one issue ate complete contributions, grave aud gay, : by II. Rider Haggard, Dorothea Con- ! yers, Barry Pain, Fred M. White, Dora Green well McChesney, Owen Oliver, Charles G. D. Roberts, and other distingmshed authors; in addition to a large instalment of Justus Miles Foi-j mau's intensely interesting new serial, " Bianca's Daughter," which already promises to be even more popular than i those former " Windsor" successes, " The Garden of Lies" aud " The Quest." The articles of the number are particularly varied, aud iuclude a timely paper ou Halley's Comet, well illustrated, " The Value of Hunting," by Lord Willoughby de Broke, a second group of pictures from English History and a survey of the art of Mr. B. W. Leader, B.A., which is accompanied by a finely printed colored plate from one of the artist's most popular pictures, aud twelve reproductions from the famous etchings of his work. These, with other attractive features, make up a sumptuous New Year number. i A northern exchange is responsible j or the following:-" A young man amed Payne had a most unenviable xperience with a saake on Christmas r & a . y : t? e w * s ** hu5 f !L t . he^, s <\- Mn O Payne s) home at Big Swamp, after dinner went to sleep on the ra , ndah , ™ e he was asleep a snake about five feet in length have come from under the wrandah and crawled up the leg of the . OIUKT man 5 (rniiwre Tl™» nar*>«iN: man's trousers. The parents on the scene, and seeing what tad happened, cautioned their sou to remain quiet With great presence f ™ lnd he ty perfectly still, the s,iake meanwhile crawling ui and out of the leg of his trousers. Finally the reptile made off, and in doing so was speedily despatched—much to the relief of all concerned." ! A NIGHT ALARM. i Worse than an alarm of lit e at night is the brassy cough of croup which sounds like the children's death knell and it means death unless something is done quickly. Dr •Sheldon's New Discovery for Coughs and colds never fail to give instant relief aud cures the worst form of croup. Pleasant to take. Every bottle guaranteed. -Obtainable at S. E. Bradford's. The Water Board declares that Loddon Falls, through tourists, are a danger to the Sydney water supply. The catchment area, it is said, is being polluted.! an d representations are to be made to the Government. Hackenschmidt has challenged Scott, a New Zealand wrestler, to contest the world's championship on Wednesday next at Wellington. At the Cootamuudra races on Thursday, Mr. Reg. Leahy's great little mare, War Lass (War God— Miss Archie) won the Town Plate. War Lass started at 6 to 1 against and won by half a length. She was ridden by that well-known jockey, Sammy Waddups, and carried 7.12. Yurauigh's Daughter ran second and Margalong third. Tommy Burns .has been matched to fight Bill Lang in Sydney on Easter Monday next. Intense cold prevails in New York. Eight deaths occurred on Tuesday from cold. Scores are iu hospital. The Danish aud Swedish consuls stated on Friday that neither Denmark nor Sweden could spare agricultural immigrants. They declared that farm laborers were better looked after iu Denmark and Sweden, aud enjoyed beautifully cooked food. Mr. C. A. Newman, manager of Back Yamma, was bitten by a redbacked spider. He was in intense pain for several hours, and was taken to Parkes for medical treatment. A Tumut man who was in Gundagai last week said: '' Lyne will poll a record vote next election. I think his score there will run to four figures. A voter iu Tumut who is not a Lyne supporter is a novelty. Breuuan, Bowling, Lewis, Burns, and Gray were found guilty of conspiracy, aud sentenced to 18 months'- hard labor, Bowling's sentence to be cumulative with that previously received by him. . For this {reason, His Honor said, Bowling did not seem to have taken warning, but persisted iu breaking the law. Others appeared lhem" e re d d e it iSted ' ^ which he gave ( His Honor consented to reserve the ; point of law that there was no evidence to go to the jury of conspiracy. Mr. Monaghau, the first white man born in the Shoalhaven district died at, bis residence, Mayfield, near Nowra on Thursday last, at the age of 75. The house of Commons contains 125 barristers, 56 landowners, 51 manufacturers, 45 sous of peers, 44 military officers, and 38 journalists. 