CABLEGRAMS ?HITIIM AND fORIICN. I'M. Preu AssooiaUan-OnDTH-il.i i AU8TRALIA TO THE FORE. t?0.^?™ SOCUL PROBLEMS. wruaua, uonaay ttvening — The Awhbieliop of York, preacEng before toe Kingston Church of England Men's S°'ety.f*»d .Uuding to SnustXn ''»?» rf solving many social problems 0E8PERATE fiUininc REVOtUTIONARY FIRES HIMSELF J£T&j;£ adopted ft *««*? Vi!:.°Gtl VeT°idreSoiO.Vn wno° ^Tho unfortunate man died in terrible ? nc nt-utHTI FRAUDS. ™ J»33,000 INVOLVED. TJe prehimnaiT enquiry into the Al m 'I1??10'*101™ amount to £833,000. DinL* b'rtl' '-^ulster of Justice, 1007 £' V 'rre?te(1 in September fMir, on charges of ertwisive frauds n 'P1™™4''' »'«!? a Danish Peasants' Wni» I»r«S.*«'nB« with the firm of ?n»l.»j'.d 'l1llcy.1.Pn-*'K» merchants, » *« whom he shipped much pn. considorablo overdraft). - THE NEW COMET. Tl ^ORMOUSTAIL. tn™«l^Srai.*'Ich Ob^n-afiy has pho tographed the new comet. Many Londoners observed the comet at sunset to-day, when its tail was from 16 to 20 degrees long? '?niJ'ff, 0ENERAL ELECTIONS. «ri?wi lnB.ro.tllrn in connection witn tne general elections was posted this evening: — BELPHRR (Mid-Dert-yshire). Hancock (Labor) ? 7 gs: Francis fL.» ... l'22i an important' intention. London, Tuesday Morning. — It j. stated, that, according to the pn-seni has been voted, and before the Budict is ro- iiitrodnccd. the House of Coin mons will be asked to re-affirm its pri viIbkos in regard to money biUs, and tf dcolarp the noocssity for a change ii tne relations of the two Houses. . Ministers hope for a two days' debatr in order to consolidate tho forces upon which they arc dependent for support. ! RECONSTRUCTION OF CABINET. It is understood that tho Hon. Ail custine Biirell, Chief Secretary for In! land, will suraecd the Hon. Herbert Gladstone as Home Secretary (the lat tor havmg been appointed to the Go ^J'JJ-OencraUhip of South Africa) and ttat Hon. Winston Churchill. Pre 'f'' of ft6 %ard »f T™*^. will sur ofed Mr Birrcll; Hon. John- Bums President of the Local Govemm^t '''Jfa^JBUOcoed Mr Churchill; *nt Hon. Herbert Samuel, Under-SecreUry to the Home Office, will succeed Mi tsurns. MOVEMENTS OF MINISTERS. Hon. John Burns, President of thr Jf»? Oowrummt Board, is at present t P^S*' lntpectul8 '* relief workt ..H»n- 0. I4oyd;George, Chanoellor o) u-j E*b?e?»cr. ?-»» Bone to SwiUer Hon. H., H. Asquith. «ie Prime Mi nistor, it in the South of France re cuperating, A GLADSTONE LEAGUE. _ The 'Daily News' has started f Gladstone League to propagate Free trade and land reform. PORTUGUESE MONARCHY. ALLEGED REVOLUTIONARIES ' ARRESTED. Daily arrest* arc being made at Lis oon of members of revolutionary socie ties, who are alleged to be conspiring against the Monarchy. Several incriminating documents snd plant have been seiccdT FLOODS IN FRANCE. . „ A PATHETic'lNCIDENT. After two days Of fine weather and aharp frost, the Seine is faUing steadily in each section of the city. Under the direction of a Board of Architects, Engineers, and Sanitary Ex Pert* disinfectant depots are being cs Motor and other shallow boats are being sent from England by train and steamer, to be utilised in rescue work. -we Ottoman Chamber of Deputies has voted. £2,000 to the relief works. Municipal water-carts are now doling ?at pa.ls of water as though it was milk. M, Briand, tho Premier, is arranging for the distribution of special supplies of petroleum. The Archbishop of Paris has held a sorvloo of penitence. He declared that the floods were a call for repentance. The Salon of Louvres collection of casts it flooded. The Notre Dame Cathedral is not seriously affected. A roost patbetic incident is recorded, involving the loss of a life. A child in its cradle was swept awav by the raging flood. TTie parents of the tiny victim witnessed the occurrence, but wore helpless to rescue their child. enormouVdasiage. Reuters Paris correspondent says that many miles of streets, including the richest equally with the poorest quarters, are still practically canals, upon which boats are plying day and night, carrying mails, telegrams, pro visions, fuel, and passengers. It is now certain that the original estimate or the damagr (£40,000,000) will be far exceeded jn Paris and suburbs, without reckoning the loss of emlilojinent bjr hundreds of thousands of workers. ' Lpndou, Tuesday Morning. — Thr fund inauuuratad by tho Lord Mayor of London {Aid. Sir 3. Knill) in aid of thr sufferers through the French floods, now amounts to £15,000. ?-- The President of the Chamber of D6putlos. Paris, has announced that testimonies of sympethy, for which Frenchmen are grateful, arc being re ceived from all countries of the world, and that the gift of Queensland (£600) it warmly appreciated. The Emperor Franc Josef of AuBtna Hungary has given £liflD0, the city ot Vienna £2,000, and the Standard Oil Company of America -£4,000 to thr relict fund. SEINE 'FALLING. Later.— -Tho Seine has fallen 2ft. AMERjCAN 1MNKE.R8' ASSOPIA FIGHTING THE STATE. The New York oorreBpondmt of thcl London '(Daily Tek-grapnf states that I the American Bankers' Association' hat allocated £200,000 lor » taoaUed campaign of eduoatiou' to defeat tho proposed establishment of Postal Sa vings Banks. i-T/ G?1 ,Yon- L- P1!?™' Americart Postmaster-Gcnoral, believes that mil lions of dollars now sent to Europe might be retained if immigrants wore convinced that Postal Savings Banks w©ro B&fo;, THE OLYMPIC CAMES. lhe British Olympic Council, without bemg possrsscd of any information re specting the Olympic games fixed to take place at Athens in April next has announced that the impression is that the games are unlikely to be field ow ing to the political unrest in Greece MI6SINB 8TEAMER WARATAH. PREPARATIONS FOR SEARCH. The steamer Wakcficld, which is to go uoon a loiigthy cruise in search of tho missing Lund liner Waratah, arrived at Durban on January 28. The Wake field sails directly she discharges her cargo. f SlirJ; ^' T''*™'. Agcnt-Genrral for Victoria, is arranging for a ship ment of medical comforts and clothing for possible survivors. He is also trying to get a doctor to accompany the expedition. AN AMERICAN 8EN8ATI0N. ACCUSATION OF DOUBLE MURDER. A MILLIONAIRE POISONED. A great sensation has been occasion ed eonoeming the death of a wealthy American, ^ Colonel Thomas Swope, a millionaire philanthropist of Kansas City, died suddenly some little time ago. Subsequently, owing to certain ru mors, Dr. Bennett Clarke Hydo sued the executor of the estate at Indepen dence, Missouri, for slanderously ac cusing him of poisoning Swope, and also Swopc's nephew, who likewise died suddenly. The case took a sensational turn yesterday, when it was announced that a chemical analysis showed that Colonel Swope died from strychnine poisoning. In filing bis case, Dr. Hyde further stated that the defendant also accused mm of inoculating the members of Swopo's family with generated typhoid, which several of them contracted. Dr. Hdye, who had married Colonel Swipe's niece, attended the colonel and other members of the family profes sionally. terrible mine disaster. 149 men entombed. 70 bodies'recovered. London, Tuesday.— A terrific explo sion has occurred in the Colorado Iron and Coal Company's mine at Primero, U.S.A. One hundred and forty-nine men have been entombed, and their position is hopeless. Seventy bodioB have been recovered in one heap, where they were strugg ling for air. ANTARCTIC IXPLORATION. scott's raip. During a speech delivered In London by Captain Scott, leader of the Antarc tic expedition, he stated that he starts in June, but his main journey begins in October, 1911. He hoped to resch the South Polo by mid- summer, name ly, December 22. WANTON MURDER. 20 JAPANESE SLAIN. Insurgents at South Pho-no-Gan have murdered 20 Japanese settlors. TURKEY AND CREECE. POSSIBLE TROUBLE. The Constantinople correspondent of the 'Morning Post' statee that great uneasiness ',s felt in official circled ow ing to the convocation of tho Greek National Assembly. Turkey has decided upon extreme measures if Greece exeepts Cretan De puties as members of the Assembly. M. Dragonmis has been appointed Premier and Minister of Finance; M. Gorbas, Minister of War; and M. Eal lergis, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Cabinet. ? AMERICAN COAL MINERS. THREAT TO STRIKE. The United Mine Workers Waco Scale Committee of Indlanopolis will commence the suspension of bituminous coal-mining from April 1, unless 10 per cent, advance in wages and other demands of the miners are granted. CENERAL CABLE NEWS. London, Monday Evening.— The Ca tholio Cathedral, Westminster, is to be coiisccreated on June 28, tho cost of the structure having now been de frayed. The. torpedo-boat' destroyer Edrn (GOO tons), of the Homo Fleet Division of file Royal Navy, which broke her , moorings at Dover, and was driven i ashore at Breeches Buoy, has been re floated.. I London, Tuesday Morning. — The | Earl of Crewo, Secretary. oE State fnrj the Colonies, has informed Captain Collins, the Commonwealth representa- j tive in London, that the Foreign OfEco will not issue passports in future with out a certificate of respectability fron. the Commonwealth Government or the Agent-Gciieral of the State where tJ applicant hails. Previously passports were granted upon proof of nation ality. The Duko of Argyll will unveil the memorial to the late Mr Hichard Se! don, Premier of New Zealand, in West, minster Abbey on February 10. Three hundred representative persoiiB are ex. pectod to attend. Mrs Pankliurst, President of the Wo men s Reform League, and one of the chief fighters for the extension of the franohise to women, has announced the cessation of militant tactics in favor of educational methods to gain the re form sought. American statistics show tliat New lork is the leading sonport of the ?o°ild; ™D'™« 190» thc elltr? *«s 12,154,7fiO registered tonnage, equal tc an increase of 66 2-6th por cent, over 1R98. ?Hie Ubmmittce of Ways and Means, Washington, U.S.A., lias authorised the preparation of a resolution provid ing for a Congressional investigation of the high cost of living in thc United States. Thc Berlin correspondent of thr 'Daily Mail' states it is officially an nounoed that the number of workmen employed in German dockyards at pre sent it 23,908, compared with 19,869 during the year 1902. 