FEDERAL ELECTIONS. MR. FRANK BRENNAN AT EAGLEH'A.WK. A HjEARTY "WELCOME. OANYASQHvG .WORKING MEN'S WIYES. . there w'Mie.uboyt 500 people outside the 'Eaglchawk." Town Hall last evening, when Mr. Fi-ark Bt'ehnan iJoliveuHl -i«u address, froiii tho ehtrance. Mr. 'ii Tmuiecliffe, .MLiAv, presided. Mr. Breiuian: who was' received with ringing cta&i;, marked' that - the1 hHusioh- istsT platform was directly ' opposed ! to fcTfat of the Labor party, ; ai expressed by Mr. Huiho Cook. (A voice : "On finiik stamps.") »ThevFusibnists desired, to keep the Labofites on;; tjie defensive: But the Laboritoa /were used to straggling for bare justice. : ' (Applause). The Fusion- ists ' were nondescripts of ''.many parties, trying ' to 'prevent the - completion of the fundamental measures of reform included in. tlie Labor platform. But he would early that"progr»nmie through .the elec torate; (Cheers and "How will they take that?') The Fusionists could either bake it lying down or standing up. (Ap plause/. Y" His - opponent in reference to the finaaicial agreement .remarked on- the previous evening the 'Bendigo Town Hau vuafc lie liad; ad.vocatod a similar pro posal i'u- 1897. -But to-day Sve are no nearer tb. a proper, /agreement "than we were then; A constitutional , amendment was proposed vto take over the State debts;, But that was only to hoodwink the electors. As regards wages boards, the Fusionists are against them. (Hear, heay). Local mining" conditions are a good- example of how the capitalists love wages boards. (Applause). After fruit-, Lessly endeavoring to obtain settlements of industrial troubles by arbitration,, tlie workers hi disgust bad thrown down their tools on more than one occasion. Then when as at Broken Hill and 1 Newcastle, the other, side igov ''the men-: down they; kicked them, (Loud applause): He was pleased .that many farmers -vero" rising agiiiiisf -Squatterdom, /and . joining ' hands with' the other workers, of Australia. (Applause)- The Danish Consul in Syd ney did llCht in warning intending immi grants against - coming . to \ Australia. Land sliould be made available for the present inhabitants before immigration was encouraged. (Applause). , Ha lfbp- sci they yvould all vote so as to further the progress o'f the great Australian na tion. Prolonged applause). < In answer to a 'question, tne candidate said the Labor party wished to meet ; the expenditure , of_ the naval -programme by. direct taxation,.- so that those best able would have to bear the burden according to their ability so to do. . : .. M? JB. Holman, in moviiig a' vote of confidence in thev candidate, stated that behind the .Labor/ movement --was the sjiirit of Christiah charity. (Loud ap plause). s The boroughites 'would : all be at their posts on election day. (Ap plause). Mr. T. Glass, ifi.L. A., in support, ex pressed pleasure at the fine feeling -which had pervaded . the meeting tbrougliout- 1 'That energetic . woman, Mrs. Berry,, re cently said that cottage . meetings were being very- successful, and- the wives of the workers are opposed to the Labor party." I know that members of tlie Women's National League are going about saying bo women : 'Never mind .what your , hus band says ! You are independent, vote with 'the' women thato want to preserve the' .sanctity of home , life,' (Laughter and a voice.: '.'Want a divorce.")- These Fu s i on i st women _ pet the children and . kiss them, ho matter how dirty their little Jfajces are-" Then they ask the mothers to vote for Sir John Quick. (Re newed laughter). That is th(s same Sir JoliTl who Voted against: the -issue t of the proclamation for the payihent of invalid pensions. .(Applause). I say to the Womeii- Don't be ied1 away by those be-- jewelled- women, Who ; will speak Jo yon /.. 1 _ _!' .1 a-AlV- f ri-in Al'PAW. lO-UaV, ami. JlUlf l.lliac JVU. vw (Loud applause). ' . ; The -irtotion, which was also supported ,by Mu D. Smith, M.L.A., was carried unanimously. . - ' The gathering was very enthusiastic, and frequently cheered the different, speakers- Before dispersing all joined in a series of ringing cheers. 