Victorian ' Banquet to Delegates. i LONDON. September 1. Mr. Mackenzie and Dr. Ehvood Mend, the Victorian immigration delegates, who arc about to leave for America, .were entertained at a banquet last night bV Victorians in London. .Many leading, com mercial men, financiers, "and " merchants' were present, the attendance numbering 150\. " : Among those present were Sir Charles Lucas, (of the Dominions, department of, the Colonial Office),' Mr. Robert -' Rcid,;' Sir Thomas Robinson (Agent-General ' for Queensland), the Hon A. A. Kirkpatrlck (Agent-General for South Australia),- the; Hon. John M'Call (Agent-General .for- Tasmania), Mr. ;R. C.. ..I-Iare (acting Agent-General for West Australia), Messrs. T. J. Russell ahd -Nivison. ' , Viscount Goschen, who presided,- '-'said.' that, Great Britain welcomed the- Vic torian immigration delegation; and did not .begrudge Hie emigrants,- since . tlicy would -foster an imperial ' spirit among all classes in Australia. ' Sir John Cockburn, in . proposing tfco' toast .of "Our Guests," said that they- were engaged in an Imperial, mission," :nnd were solving the problem' of the -'adjust ment of the population of the . Empire. ../ Mr. ,1-1. Mackenzie, in responding; said .that Uic' Press, people, and- authorities in Great Britain had . welcomed them most generously, and had not suggested " that ' Victoria -was robbing Great Britain of- the flower of Its manhood. The" fact ' that Great Britain, imports GO per cent 'of the. foodstuffs, -of which Australia sends 3 per cent, .aIoncv justified the- delegation. ; Dr. Ehvood Mead- said that Victoria; would :hc i. satisfied with the number ' of' high- charactered, thrifty, and energetic agriculturists who had 'been secured. .lie emphasised the importance of fostering small holdings, and instanced the large yield -from the crops. The lucerne grower in Australia to-day would iic the banker of Australia in the .next generation., The dairymen, who had been selected - 'soon would make Victorian butter as ' .''well known as Danish, by. enabling Australia to. supply Great Britain throughout the year. ' , . . Sir John Tavorner (Agent-General for Victoria) emphasised the absence of rivalry, between the Australian States and the oilier overseas dominions in immigrar tion matters. Mr. Charieton,' vice-president of the London Chamber of Commerce, -Sir John Bingham, of Sheffield, and Mr. J. M. Pratt also spoke. 