Trade Palace Sale ' ' ; There" is a probability of heavy floods in. the Brisbane River watershed. Eastor Bargains.— Mens' and boys' wear, Trade P'alace Big Summer Sale. Listnore "Chronicle" says another "sen sation" is promised in regard to the police rohhery cases. Heathwood's are showing a nice lot. of Cream Jap Silk Blouses, latest style, price from 8/6 to 32/6 The registration of private hospitals is steadily being carried out/ucder the Board of Health. i - . A black snake about 3ft. long was seen under the 'R.R. Times" office on Saturday morning. . '> Open all day to-morrow (Wednesday) 23rd instant. — Trade Palace Great Sale A crusade is being carried on in Syd ney by the police . against, persons, guilty of cruelty to horses. . A lady at Grabamstown collapsed and died on. receiving a telegram intimating the death of her brother.' James Anderson, employed on Bill uquirB luriq ut laQiWoryu; suicicibq. on the farm with a shot gun. W. Batgee," Tailor, Casino, late cutter for David Jones and Co., Sydney. Mr, Duncan McMaster, one of the early pioneers,- died at his residence at Darling Point, Sydney, on Sunday, A curious phenomenon occurred, in Woodburn last week in the downpour of a legion of small green frogs. Open all day Easter' Saturday, 36th instant.— Trade Palace Big Sale. The steamer Suffolk, due in Sydney this week, has about 200 Britjsh immi grants on board for N. S. Wales. The body of a shepherd was found in a. lonely part. of Victoria, faithfully watched over by dogs. One of the animals was sitting on the body. '' Oho thousand acres of land Is now under the cultivation of cane on the Richmond, against 600 last year.-' A heavy crop is anticipated next harvest. . A hurricane.at Bowen caused consider able damage to many buildings, and sub sequent rain "caused high floods, tempor arily suspending all traffic. On account of the wet weather the Trade Palace will continue the Big Summer Sale right up to the end of March. There are therefore seven more opportunity days Mr. Harry Simpson, of Lismore, son of Mr H. R. Simpson, of Casino, is to be married to-day at, Casino, to Miss Thomas daughter of Mr. George Thomas, of Lis more. ' Girls Shoulder Straps, well made and UUWLUlUliMXc; AJLittxugj CLU AJ.oatu»vuuu o. The tender of He2thwood Bros, has been accepted for the supply of forage. to the Casino Police Station ' at the following prices :— Maize 4# per bushel, bran Is lid, hay and chaff £5 5s pep ton. A proposal was made > at the Trades Hall, Sydney, that all unionists should cease work on election day. The idea was that a solid; Labor vote should be given. The proposal was rejected, 'Mr. Allan Livingstone, a very old Ciar.- ence- River settler, died at Clarenza on Friday last, aged 63 years. ' Deceased was 'a brother to Messrs. Hugh .and Donald Livingstone, of Cpyaki and Codrington, and Mrs. P. Campbell. , W. Batgee, next MulletFs .Gjfopfl Hotel, Casino, stands alone for tailoring/ "Count Momer""says that the '.Premier will have to apologise to -him regarding the. statements on the Immigration ques tion. He says that "for 19 days the Premier j has had tbe demand for an apology from the Danish Government who issued the warn ing to emigrants against comingto Aus tralia. Mr. John Lemmone, the well known manager, who has controlled the tours of Madame Meiba. Paderewski, ;Mark Ham- bourg, and other notable musical people, is about to take a trip to Loudon. He will leave Melbourne by the R.M.S. Mongolia on the 30th inst. ' ' ' ' / ' ' Heathwood's have jqsta beautiful display of 'Paris Models, Face Veils,' of Latest Ka/elties: The Superintendant of Wellington Zoo (N.Z.) has obtained a verdict for £1000 damages against John Norton, the pro prietor of the New Zealand " Truth," for alleged libellous statements reflecting oh the plaintiff's capacity and conduct in managing the Zoo. The Nimbin Co-operative Batter Company manufactured for the four weeks ending 23rd February 234 tons of Gutter, being an increase of nine tons over the corresponding period of last year. The' output would have been higher bnt for tho continuous rain. Suppliers were paid Old for Al and 8gd for second quality. Six per cent, was -second- class, and over £1880. was distributed among suppliers. - > Highest price given for all classes of Skins and Hides. Heathwood Bros. '.V ' ./-r.--- - U,." " . 