LIBELING AUSTRALIA. IT was recently mentioned in these columns that the consular representatives of at least two European countries had taken upon them- selves the task of warning intending immigrunts against coming to Aus tralia. Fuller particulars have been afforded, and we know the text of the warning issued by the Danish Minister for Foreign Affairs, that was based upon the advices of that particular consular agent. It is calmly and coolly stated that as tho difficulties for emigrants to subsist hero have largely increased of late, Danes in search of employment are earnestly dissuaded from coming to our land. The Premier of Now South Wales has been first upon his feet in regard to this matter, and he has protested strenuously in the British Press. On behalf of his own Govern ment he has stated that work is guaranteed to agriculturists and domestic servants, and also, in con firmation of a huge unsatisfied de mand for agricultural and domestic labour at remunerative wages, he announces that there are practically no unemployed at the present time in his State. We can hope that our own Premier will not be slow in following up this protest with figures respecting the settlers placed upon our areas, and the immigrants ab sorbed within our own borders. Mr. Wade was disposed to take upon himself the duty of speaking for Australia, and he might be said to have usurped the privilege of the Commonwealth authorities to a certain extent. It can safely be claimed that no country in the world offers a better field for the industrious worker than Queensland. It is known widely—but apparently not widely enough—that hundreds of immigrants to our State have made homes on the land here, own the freehold, and are now prosperous farmers. But it can be readily inderatood that in these European countries it is a very sore point with them to lose the backbone of their nation in the promising young men and maidens. But we are Just as entitled to resent any false impression being conveyed as to the conditions ruling in our country as they are to be annoyed at losing their population. It is worthy of note that on the matter being traced to its fountain head, it was found that the only basis for any dispar agement of Australian industrial conditions was in the remarks of Labour politicians. An address of one of the New South Wales Labour politicians furnished nearly all the mat?rial for these derogatory state ments. A very natural suggestion is, why do any sincere believers in such things remain in Australia, and if not inclined to leave our shores why do they not go the right way atout remedying matters ? to enabling an audience both to see and hear the distinguished singer in her world-famous impersonation of Bizet's "Carmen." Preparations are going steadily forward for the two new J. C. Williamson productions at Easter time. In Sydney the Grand Opera Company under the supervision of Signor Hazon are hard at work with "Madame Butterfly," while the same conditions apply to the Nellie Stewart Company in Melbourne, who are leaving no stone unturned to make "What Every Woman Knows," —"the most delightful work Barrio has given our stage"—a complete success. In the part of Maggie Wylie, the heroine, Miss Stewart will have a part which should suit her methods to perfection. Miss Katherine Grey, who is now delighting Melbourne audiences with her charming portrajral of Shirley Hossmore in "The Lion and the Mouse," is a Californian by birth. She made her first appearance on the stage in New York in Augustin Daly's company, in which she was associated with Ada Rehan. She then joined one of Mr. Charles Froh man's companies, in which she sup ported Miss Maud Adamtt. Since then she has travelled all over the United States, playing chiefly in modern drama, though she also in cludes in her repertory poetic and classical plays. Miss Grey was in the first American performance of "Arms and the Man," and when playing with her own company last year in San Francisco she included that piece with "Candida," " The Reckoning/ "The Truth," and " A Doll's House." Her last engagement with Mr. Frohman was in " The Thief," in which she and Mr. Kyrle Bellew played the leading characters. Miss Grey will make her Australian debut in drama later on, when it is proposed to produce "Henri of Na varre." Mr. and Mrs. Charles Manners write that owing to the present con ditions under which Grand Opera has to be given in England, and seeing no necessity for them to con tinue singing with their Moody- Manners companies, they had ar ranged not to sing next season, but owing to the very munificent offer Mr. Stoll has made them, and the work being so very easy, and their voices still in their prime, they thought it would be foolish not to acpept an engagement to appear for 32 weeks, commencing on July 25 at the London Hippodrome, and af terwards at the London Coliseum and Mr. Stoll's principal music halls throughout the provinces. They in form us that, financially speaking, they have nothing to complain of; on the contrary, giving Grand Opera has been most satisfactory, and in deed with the result that they need Hot work any more. However they hope this engagement will, at any rate, cancel most of the thousands they have lost, principally in Lon don, Birmingham, Manchester, New castle, Liverpool, &c;, in trying to popularise Grand Opera. They in form us that at the completion of this engagement with Mr. Stoll they will again have something to say and do with running their companies in the cause of National Grand Opera in English. The "Madame Butterfly" of the Australian production of Puccini's delightful opera of the same, name— Mdlle. Bel Sorel —is a daughter of Emma Sorel, who won fame for her-< self on the concert platform in Nor* way, Sweden, and Denmark. The daughter gave evidence of her musi cal ability at a very early age, and when she was only 5 years old she travelled with her mother as the solo pianiste. Later on she showed unmistakable signs of having in-« herited "a voice" from her mother, and was sent to the celebrated Bulow to have it cultivated. So rapid was her progress and so keen her intelligence that it was decided to prepare her for an operatic career. With this end in view she went to Paris and afterwards to Milan, where Edoardo Sonzogno was so impressed with her talent that he engaged her, despite her youth and comparative inexperience for the part of Mimi in Leoncavallo's "Boheme." In this role she proved so successful that she was retained for "Mignon," "Nofcze di Figaro," and "Manon," and "Pagliacci," all of which operas she appeared in at the Lyric Theatre in Milan. Next came an opera season in Trieste, where she played "Manon" and Massenet's "Cendril lon." After successive seasons in Rome and Turin, Mdlle. Sorel ac cepted an engagement to appear at the Imperial Theatre, Warsaw, where she was very successful as Mimi to Caruso's Rudolph in Puccini's " La: Boheme," and in Leoncavallo's work of the same name. She alao appeared as Violetta to Caruso's Alfred and Carmen to his San Jose. Although she has visited most of the big European centres one of her great est triumphs was achieved in Madrid, where her performance was spoken of as "inimitable, full of fascination and dramatic power." When Puccini heard that Mdlle. Sorel was coming out to Australia to appear in "Madame Butterfly" he wrote to her saying that it was a pleasure to know that his beloved "Butterfly" was to be introduced to music lovers out here by so brilliant an artist. As was only to be expected the opening performance of "Alnddin" at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, was a tremendous success. The fire ballet, the balloon effect, the beau tiful bird ballet, the Australian elec tric flag, all called forth admiring bursts of applause, while the Price and Revost turn was awarded tha heartiest of hand clapping mingled with screams of laughter. Then there were the songs and the comedy and the scenery and costumes and all the hundred and one features which go to make up the big extravaganza to call forth the admiration of the audience, and right well did they re spond, ending up with a perfect furore of applause at the final fall of the curtain. 