BENDIGO ADVERTISER (published daiit.) I'uogukssioK, our rights and our besoubces BENDIGO, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1910. FEDERAL PARLIAMENT. ■ Tho fourth Federal Parliament will be opened this week. The Labor caucus was held last week, and the programme which has been endorsed by the caucus for sub mission to Parliament includes, amongst other measures the following: Unim proved Land Values Tax, Finance (payment to States), Commonwealth Note Issue, In dustrial Referendum Bill, Defence (naval and military), Northern Territory Accept ance Bill, and Navigation Bill. A mea sure for the reduction of the age for the payment of old age pensions is also talked of* but it is thought the heavy cost will block the way for the present. The ago at present is 65 years, and the existing Act provides that the pension age for women may bo reduced to 60 years by proclamation. Th.-> amendment favored by the Labor party is a reduction to 60 years in the case of men, and 55 years in the case of women, and 55 years in the case of a man permanently incapacitated from work. This would involve an extra outlay of over a million sterling, and it is not certain, under the circumstances, whether the Government will proceed with that proposal aty present, but it is in tended to bring the invalid clauses of the present Act into operation in 1911, and givo effect in the same year to the pro vision for the payment of pensions to women of 61) years. From £700,000 to .£900,000 will be added to the cost of old age pensions when these two provisions are brought into operation. The reduction of the pension age for women will involve an outlay of nearly ,t-t00,000, and the pay ment of invalid pensions to persons over 16 years of age will require from -£o('0,0(10 to .£500,000 more. After the end of lSli) the Federal ' Government will have com mand of the finarcial position, and antici pates being able to finance these increases in tho pension list, but even with this removal of the financial difficulties which faced the late Government, the Labor Government evidently recognises the ne cessity of ' proceeding cautiously in regard to increasing the burdens of the country on account of old age pensions. Invalid pensions will not come in any sooner than was likely if the Deakin Government had. remained in office or if the previous Fisher Government had never been displaced. The situation was wholly governed by the financial question, which, under the Braddon clause, limited Federal revenue till the end of 1910. The Unimproved Land Tallies Tax and the Commonwealth Note Issue are pro posals which were foreshadowed at the elections, and the advent of the Labor party to power simply made them certain ties. The Navigation Bill is a measure which has been long- delayed, and it is hardly likely that- the measure of the Go-, vernment will differ very materially from' that prepared by the Dealt ii*. Government and framed largely in accordance with the; decisions arrived at at the Navigation Con-' fercnce. The Northern Territory Accept ance Bill was rejected in the last Parli:'.-j >nent. but with a Labor majority in the Federal Parliament and a Labor majority: in the South Australian Parliament, there seems very little doubt ahout the bill, agreed upon between the Government of, Mr. Fisher and the Labor Government of Mr. Verran meeting with ready accept ance. It is believed that it will involve, as before, the taking over by the Com-! momvealth of the Port Augusta to Oona-: <latla railway. We may expect to witness the same agitation in favor of a deviation of the transcontinental railway through: Queensland and New South Wales terri tory that was witnessed last year when: this measure was before the Federal Par-' liament, but it is not likely that any amendment will lie adopted distasteful to South' Australia. One subject of which there is 110 mention in the forecast of flic sessional programme is the amendment of tariff anomalies. This will occasion a great deal of disappointment outside, the, fact that the new Parliament is so strong-1 ly protectionist having led to the expecta-1 tinn that tariff revision would certainly form part of the work of the session. It is likely, however, that this is deferred until tho industrial referendum has been taken, it being a strong point with many Labor members that an increase in tho tariff must be accompanied with definite provision for new protection. The pro-J gramme for the session contains a num ber of debatable proposals, but with the Government's sweeping majority in both Houses, and the discipline on the Govern ment side, there is every reason to expect that it will be adopted in its entirety. State Parliament.—The State ran la ment will bo opened on Wednesday, '3th July. There being a now King, it -will lc necessary for members to be again swor'i, and this ceremony will take place at noon on the day named. At 2 p.m. the Governor (Sir Thomas Gibson-C'arinichacl) will pro ceed to Parliament House, and in the Legislative Council Chamber read the speech prepared by his Ministers. Al though this has not yet been drawn up, it is sale to astrrae that it will refer to the death of King Edward "VII. and the acces sion of King George. References will lie made to the excursion of the Minister for Lands and Mr. Ehvood Mead in search '->f immigrants. Allusion will al.'o lie made to 'the financial relations of the Commonwealth and the State?, and thy bills t-o be bvnugli^ forward during the coming session will be detailed. The Addrres-in-Iieply will moved and seconded, and a Supply Bill then passed through all stuges. Sheep Mauket.—The supplier at yestci dnyloc.il sheep market were fairly goed, tlwre being: an average yarding of good quality animals. Lambs wore rather more plentiful than is usual, and .stored were fairly well .supplied. All trade qualities sold at an advance of from (id to 1/ per i'head. Stores were firm at late rates, v.'hi!'. there was a marked advance in the price of ewes and lambs. There wn3 a good at tendance of buyers. "The Bekdigokiak."—In to-day's digonian" eight more photos, liy'lh. y\ ". cent Kelly are given of prominent' mem bers of the Bendigo Mine Managers' v sociation, namely, Messrs Roland W^, away, II. "YVills, J. G. Gill, J. Jewell j Langdon, II. Richards, R. Eddy and Josep'.i Rogers. Each photo, is accompanied bv , short sketch of the gentleman';, career. TV State School Arbor Day celebrations syi responsible for seven photos, taken at litf. ferent schools, viz., planting re** enttiims at the Central School; the committee of the Central School celebration; $jr j0|ui Quick, M.P., addressing the children the Gravel Ilill School; the committee of the Gravel Hill School's celebration■ the Mayor (Cr. Andrew) addressing «chc.|ai» and parents at the Golden-squave School■ the committee which controlled the junc tion at that school; and (ho committee 01 the North Bendigo School's celebration. Photos, arc given of the following pri7P. winners at the recent Faglehawk A.X'.a. competitions:—Miss Violet Scrapie. Mr. p Brimacotube, Misses M. Eoldt, Myitle T:;i' K. Harrow, and Dnk-ie Bland." a fine photograph of an oil painting showing ;jl0 members of the Danish Royal hainilv ami relatives at Friedriehsborg alto appears. This photograph was kindly lent i,y Mr. Jacob Colin. A view is presented of ike funeral of the late Eiug Edward VIl. pac ing along Piccadilly. .Photos, of ('v. G. H. Green, of Eagle hawk (who was recent!? elected unopposed to fill the vacancy in the Borough Council created by (he death of his father, the late Cr. John Grecni, ami the late Mr. Richard Dimstar.. ot Hoiuler, formerly of Bendigo, who died at l-'imintov, W.A., conclude the illii&trat; ion.-. re.' snmc of the week's news, together with Social Gossip, Farm, Dairy. Garden and Poultry Ivotes, i.-, alsn contained sue. i" the Commonwealth rarmament.—'Tl,, « monwealth Parliament win ,110c. , ?!n' despatch of business on Fridav ,h* "ill be necessary for members to fc, " in. and two of the justices of the I " Court- will attend at Parliament 7 "" 10.30 a,„. for this purple cdcli chamber vill rcn/1 ti>^ ■*.' i ' ,lu calling- members together and proclamation statin"- that hi r "!;tllor the Governor-General ha,l deS justices to swear in members Thj'V.-iC been done, the Senate and UmJv "1? dent "T «*lU, ,,r0CCed choose a p&T; dent and Speaker respeetivelv. The I party has decided to nominate m' rtIlU fiCC °f a'.-, Vr M Donald for that of Speaker Bo'', r probably be elected, although if in' pebble that the Oppo.ilio^ ^I candidates ,or the two position. it newly-elected President and Speaker rffl tvait on his Excellency the Governor.f.'ew ! to present themselves „„ tll3jr to these positions. At 2.S0 his Exeeilemr the Uovernor-ueneral (Lord Dudley, wiii attend in the Senate for the.pureL of leading the address prepared bv hi., Minis ters detailing the business about to fc laid befoic the House for consideration A guard of honor will bo formed outside Parliament House, and the usual eseor will accompany Jus ExccHejicv from Go vcrnmcnt House. After the 'moving aud .seconding of the Address-es-in-Replv" the debates m both chambers will be adjourn ed. and a Supply Bill will be parsed through all stages. Commonwealth Trade. — During the month ol May the imports to tlio f'o'ii monwealth were valued at £3.912511 "a, compared with .£3,657,33:2 for the co- re ponding month of last year. The e.vports were valued at -tM-,10(),Jfit> as compared with .£3.305,105 during May, iro^. Tiic principal increases were in butter, i-oai. cop|>er ingots, uncoined gold, wheat,' Hour! lead, preserved meats, frozen beef and unit ton, silver, .sheep, tallow, timber and wool. The principal decreases, were- in leather.' rabbits, ores other than gold, pearl she:! specie and tin. Licensing Co up.t.—Mr. E. X. Moore. L.M., yesterday granted a transfer of the license of (he Duke of Edinburgh Hotel, Inglewood-road, i'rom Jane White to Mil dred Cass. Appeal .Case.—Referring to the raeL of James Lees v. Messrs'. Howe and M'Coloug'e, dec-idea before ins Honor Sir Join; Madden at the reccnt sittings of the Supremo Court, Rcndigo, in whic-li matter his ifoaor gave judgment for the plaintiff i..r ±75 damages and coste, application was mad.' on 25th iust. to the High Court oi' Aus tralia, sitting in Sj'dney, for leave to appeal against the decision. Mr. Mitchell. K.C., of Melbourne; made the application on behalf of the defendants, and the ,-idi citors for t!ic defendants, Messrs. Tatchvll. Dunlop, Smaller and Balmer, have now re ceived word that the High Court gran;-d .special leave to ;;ppeal. The applira;a n was made ex parte, the court having l.e t'orc- it an affidavit by Mr. M'Colough. me of the defendants, verifying the plcad'ncs and evidence taken at the hearing <•:' the action, and also a shorthand report of >')• John Madden's judgment. The a])po.'! will probably be heard when the High Court sits in Melbourne during Se|t<n;ior. Mint. Sig.vai.s.—The adjourned mce'i.ipf of the committee appointed to drav,- up an alteration of the new code of mine C-" nals was held at the Beehive Kxobaago last night. Mr. I!. Jfartin presided. a::d there were also present:—Mes.-rn. J. I.ang don and J. J. Ryan (Mine Manager.-' As sociation',. W. Hayhow and P. S. WIHvmr. (Miners' Assoviation). C. Arnold and R- 1". Alanallack (Bendigo A.E.D.A.). and V-. J. Stephens (Eaglehawk A.E.D.A.) A nuuiler of petitions bearing the signatur.s oi :-.1S persons employed in and on mines, '-'no are against the ])icsevit cod,' 'U sisfuuls, were received. It. was announced that a great many of the petitions .-en' out had not yet l>cen returned, ami it was de cided to rcrjhest that they be lorwarded to (he secretary as early as pcss'.Me. _«•> that ril at arrangements in coune-'ion wi'h a dep-atatioii to tho Minister io- -Mi ..'s might be n adc. Ti e coiiiii'ittce adjourned until Monday next, to allow of the return of outstanding petitions in t:ie interim. Thomas Fuxd.—Mrs. Ho!irn;av.. on J1* half of St. Vincent de Paul's Society. calhyJ at this office yesterday and state'! that. 11 response to the appeal mad" ior a;sist..i;.o in the case of Mrs. Thomas, who lest furniture end clothing in the ^'io-i in Bannister-stre-et. she would oonate nair of blankets if another pair rati -c! already been promise:! for 11,0 9 QrADr.II.l.E ASSEMTLY.—L;iM nio.it successful "pound night'' was hold in connection with the Gnlden-.'quare Firo Brigade Quadrille -\r.r:oinblr. The it-r** 1 ance was large. Dancing was kept up v.itrc vigor until a late hour. Mr. J. ■Shield carried out the duties of M.C., and 3ir. 0\. Dtuin made an efficient pianist. Labor League —The Bendu'O brand: of tlic I'.L.C. wet last night, Sir. A. T!nr tonclay presiding over a la rue afti-iid.nt.-e of members. The following resolution wnj c: rried:—"That tlie members of the Ben. cligo branch of the P.L.C. (Oiifid^r *. iai conspiracy charges arising out of '!:<• Ronald-Harper dander r-a.-e. which stav.-l on the records of the Victorian courts, lvoiild have lieen in ore i.-alislaeto'-y to tlie public if the guilt or inncceiiee of thoe concerned had bL-en remitted to a .art, considering that over .L':i0:> was ]:a:d the procuration of wilroses in a ca. e de scribed by one of the pleaders for ' i;fl Crown as 'dripping with drink.'" A cr.&sioii; took place on the qiic.-?tioii of pat ting forward candidates for the City Coun cil elections, but the matter was referred to the committee. 