HOBART: MON., MARCH 21, 1907. EPITOME OF NEWS. St. Patrick's Day sports held on the upper Cricket ground on Saturday. Eight-oar test race on Saturday was won by the Southern crew. John Ware sentenced to three months in prison for larceny from a river steamer. The R.M.S. Otranto, which left Hobart on Saturday, had 1,251 souls aboard. The steamer Kakapo, which grounded 'cast of Devonport on Friday, floated off same evening. Hon. James Murdoch, M.L.C., delivered an excellent address at Clarence Board of Agriculture meeting on Saturday. Total shipments of fruit from Hobart to date this year 213,595 cases, an increase on last year of 53,653 cases. Silver, Is. 11d. per ounce., Lady Dudley continues to progress. Fishing boats wrecked in Japan, and 200 people drowned. Growing feeling of uneasiness in the United States owing to fear of tariff war with Canada. Trial continued in Venice of the Countess TarnowAlu. Large number of suicides, mostly of young girls, in St. Petersburg. Dalai Lama making tour of inspection of Calcutta. Two tram cars collided on La Perouse route, Sydney. British Government issuing ¿821,000,000 of Exchequer bills. Deadlock occurred in the South Wales coal trouble. Scotland defeated both at Rugby and Association football. , Shackleton planning another expedition to the Antarctic. Mr Asquith states that the absolute veto of the Lords must co-King Edward remaining indoors at Biarritz. American wool-buyers purchasing more crossbreds at prices in sellers' favour. Killara beat Culwulla II. in wool for Northcote cup. Suffragettes' Union in Great Britain held 20,000 meetings in 1909. Endeavours being made to settle the coal strike in the North of England. Hundreds of Japanese visiting the BTtrish-Japnnese Exhibition, in. London Jenkinfitowii Even the Grand National Steeplechase in England. Fifty fishermen believed to have perish- ed in the Gulf of Finland. Tasmania's Agent-General endeavouring to secure how offices in London. Successful flights have been made on a biplane at Melbourne. Placing of stones on railway Hill in Blue Mountains discovered to be the work of boys. Mr. Wade strongly resents Danish Government's warning against immigration to Australia. Cashier of a Northumberland colliery supposed to have been murdered and robbed. A number of buildings in Fitzroy (Mel- bourne) were destroyed on Saturday morning by an explosion. Coroner has made strong comments in giving verdict in railway disaster at Beaufort (Vic.). A tender has been accepted for the construction of the New Zealand Dreadnought. ' House of Lords reversed the decision of the Court of Chancery in the matter of the sale of Chartreuse in Great Britain. ^_______ 