TELEGRAMS. Sydney, Thursday. Copper £58 15s to £59 spot, £59 12s 6d to £59 17s 6d at three mouths. It is understood that immediately after the adjournment of the Northern Wages Board yesterday, Mr. Charlton. M.L.A., conferred with the Delegate Board, who, after a prolonged and heated dis- cussion, resolved to accept the Wages Board. It is now probable that the men will return to work on Monday week. Six colleries at Kurri Kurri are ready for work. The relief depots are exhausted. The Government has discon- tinued for the present supplying its imported coal to private consumers. The whole of the supplies or dered by the Government, totalling 35,000 tons, have now arrived. The Danish and Swedish consuls state that neither Denmark nor Sweden can spare agricultural im- migrants. The Minister for Customs de- clares that there is room in Aus- tralia for thousands of immigrants, provided they are of the right type. Mr. Wade states that the de mand for immigrants by employers is largely in excess of supply. A report from the State Labor Bureau shows that the labor condi tions in the country are generally satisfactory, but that there are several thousands unemployed in the city, due principally to the strike. A theory is advanced that the railway accidents which occurred on the mountains recently were due to the earth under the lines being loosened by the heavy rains. While Benjamin_Hutchinson was endeavoring to stop two men from fighting in Melbourne, one of the combatants felled him with a blow on the face, causing him to strike his head on the pavement. He subsequently died. The alleged assailant was arrested. The prison population show only i430, as against 236O in the year 1890. Thorn defeated Cullen in 2o rounds. The contest was for the featherweight championship of Australia. Lloyd George declares that the Commons must deal with the Lords question first. The Liberal whip states that the Budget will be passed in a fort night, and that the Commons will then attack the veto of the Lords. The Indian Legislative Council passed the Press Bill, after seven hours' sitting. It is reported that Lord Kitchen er will probably succeed Lord Minto as Governor-General of India. 