IMNIGRATION. VICTORIA'S EFFORTS. INTERESTING SPEECHES. London, August 31. The Victorians in London gave a ban quet in honour of Messrs. McKenzie and Mead (immigration delegates) in the Gaiety Restaurant, in Gray's Inn-road, this evening. Among the 150 guests were Sir Charles Lucas (head ofthe Dominions Department of the Colonial Office), Sir T. D. Robinson (Agent-General for Queens land), Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick (Agent General for South Australia), Dr. McCall (Agent-General for Tasmania), Mr. R. C. Hare (Acting Agent-General for Western Australia), Mr. T. J. Russell, Mr. Robert Reid, Mr. Nivison, and leading members of Chambers of Commerce, financiers, and merchants. Viscount Goschen, who presided, said Great Britain welcomed the delegation, and did not grudge immigrants since the latter would foster the Imperial spirit among all classes in Australia. Sir John Cockburn, in proposing the health of the guests, declared that the latter were engaged on an Imperial mis sion-the solving of the problem of the adjustment of the Empire's population. Mr. McKenzie, in responding, said the Press, the people, and the official authori ties of Great Britain had welcomed his companion and himself most generously and had not suggested that Victoria was robbing Great Britain of the flower of her manhood. The fact that Great Bri tain imported 60 per cent. of her food stuffs, of which Australia sent her 3 per cent., alone justified the delegation. Mr. Mead stated that/Victoria would be satisfied if as a result of the mission a number of thrifty and energetic agri culturists of high character were secured. He emphasised the importance of foster ing the idea of small holdings, and in stanced the large yields from crops of lucerne grown in Australia to-day. Aus tralian dairymen of the next generatioe would soon make Victorian butter as well known as Danish was, by enabling Aus tralia to supply Great Britain throughout the year. Sir John Taverner (Agent-General for Victoria) insisted upon the absence of rivalry between the Australian States and the overseas dominions in immigra tion matters. Mr. Charleton (vice- president of the London Chamber of Commerce), Sir John Bingham (Sheffield), and Mr. J. M. Pratt, M.L.C. (Victoria), also spoke. LADS FOR WESTERN AUSTRALIA. London, September 1. Under the Church Army's auspices 20 lads of good character will leave London for Western Australia on the 16th inst. 