The Rush to Canada. GROWTH OF AMERICAN TO.W.VS. "Austruliuns havc> 110 conception of the way in which Canada is devel oping, her lauds," said Mr. S. G. Bees cx-I.ord Mavor of Sydney, who arrived from the East by tlie Japan ese steamer Kumuuo Maru on- Wed nesday, after nine months, mostlvin Euro|>e and America. "The Cun.idi.ut Pacific railway alone has 1»eeii nego tiating with an American syndicate to well them 980,000 icres of land. The syndicate will irrigate it, cut it up, and sell it in farms on easy terms. The Cnnudiuu Pacific Rail way itself is doing the same thing in other parts. They put down Irriga tion Works, and sell" the freehold over an easy term of years. Why, Regin.i —which is un old ranch that thev have lately cut up— is going to be a great city. The streets have not been levelled yet. People walk along a raised platform of boards at tile side until the, street is made. But. iticy havqthej whole plan of the city laid down before they build it. 'Nine years ago Seattle,' in the United States, had a population of ; 6000\. Now :it has 250,000. Austra lians have not the remotest idea oi 4he \wy in wlfich people are pouring into America, not only at New Vork b'ut at .Boston and a dozen other big cities. Americans told me that they realised it was their salvation. The normal increase of the negroes ts faster than that of the whites, ami the great safeguard, against the blacks is this huge immigration of Europeans. It was interesting to fiutl that they were guarding agonist the danger of black America by im migration. "Tito | Canadians have, in cutting up their land, a great advantage over us in -their big rainfall, and tb-ir snow-fed rivers for irrigation. The water alone which is drawn away from Niagnru for the electric powvr plant, after they have finished \v«lh It, coincs out in a volume such as you cannot' .see in Australia; Vhey are working railways ISO miles t > the south and tramways SO miles to the north in Canada from the Niag ara Falls. "I walked through Swift's meat works in Chicago fbr a mile and a half up , unddown, end then I had not got to the end. There was noth ing of the "Jungle1' about it. The place was very clean. The wages, its fur as I know, were good. And not nu atom of tits beasts they bill goes to waste. When they gut the meat a,innn stands there, and pitches the heart into one Ifole in the floor, the liver into another, the horns in to another, and so on. There's a re ceptacle for every part of the bul lock, and a use for every bit. They even make soap— common and per fumed—ant of those bullocks. "An unskilled labourer :n America gets as much as 10s, but 8s here would go as far as 10s in America. London is a far cheaper place foi ordinary living than America, 1 have seen good Ausirulinti meat sold n a London market at 3%d and 4% a Hi. You couldn't get it for that in Aus tralia. And then you go to another place and see tl.Ym selling rabbits at Cd each. "Loudon is being wonderfully im. proved. Some of the suburbs are magnificent. We do not use our priv. ileges here in Sydney as we ought. f\Vc have such ample chnncvs ihat vve arc letting them slip. Other cities arc rushing on improvements. 'Iheit millionaires arc not slow to givi money to tiro improvement d th& cities in other countries. In New York the Riverside Drive is to be in- creased. In t Hongkong they have u waterside drive three- quarters cT the way round the island." Mr. Bees was excccOht tv struck by the size of the New York iomt j. "The passengers from the upper decks and the lower decks nx well do not have tjo crawl up a gangway," he said. "Thcv walk straight along a deck down a trap, in the end of 't on to the street where the street cats are. The ferries have beautifully fit ted saloons. Tlic train ferries— both at Albany and at Helsingfors in Ncr- way— on to which the C.l'.U. and the Danish trains run, and jltu chain- cd down' for the crossing, arc just like our North Shore ferry— just like the old Dungaree, only mary times bigger. The rails are automatically raised to any height that is required The crossing at llclsingfors takes about half an hour, and there must lie plenty of sea to roll in sometimes. The passengers in these ferries can get out and walkabout during . the crossing. There -arc men to shins your boots if you wont them. "I found that the Americans all looked on Sydney ns the place where their fleet received its best welcome. Their bovs serin to have made it out so. TM.'vlnmv a great deal more ol Australia than they used — they look on it as a great country of great re sources, but loo fas away for tour ists to visit. "There was great interest in Eng land over the Australian navy. Over the Defence Bill establishing the Australian land defences I read in the "Daily Graphic" the highest praise that Fth.'nl; I ever sfcuw writ- ten. Thoy said it was one of those accomplishments for which praise was futile. The work itself wns ' its own praise. "In Japan when I was there a telegram was published in the pros that the New South Wales State Government had ordered 50,600 tons of Japanese coal, and that U , tllie strike did not break up in ten days another 50,000 tons would be ordered. There was great activity Japanese harbours loading coal." 