VICTORIAN IMMIGRATION. SUCCESS OF THE DELEGATION. THRIFTY AGRICULTURISTS SECURED FOSTERING THE IMPERIAL- SPIRIT. LONDON, Aug. 31. Victorian residents in London entertained Messrs. McKenzie and Mead, the Victorian Immigration Delegation, at a. banquet at the Gaiety Hotel to-night. Viscount Goschen presided, loO leading officials, commercial men, financiers, and merchants being present, including Sir Charles Lucas, Assistant Under- Secretary (Dominions Department) or the Colonial Office; Mr. Robert Reid; Sir J. W. Taverner, Agent-General for Victoria; Sir T. Bilbe Robinson, Agent- General for Queensland; Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick. Agent-General for South Australia; Dr. McCall, Agent-General forTnsmtmia; Mr. R. C. Hare, of the Western Australian Agency; Mr. T. J. Russell, Mr. Nivison, and Sir John Cockburn. '-' bowl Goschen said that Great Britain welcomed the delegation, and did not grudge any immigrants which Victoria might obtain, since they would foster the Imperial spirit among all classes in Australia. Sir John Cockburn, In proposing the toast of "Our Guests.'; said that they were engaged in an Imperial mission, solving the adjustment of the population of the Empire. Mr. M'Kenzie in reply, said that the press, the people, and the authorities of Great Britain and welcomed them most generously. He was not suggesting that Victoria was robbing Great Britain of the flower of her manhood, but the fact? was that Great Britain imported 50 percent, of her foodstuffs, of which Australia sent 3 per cent. That alone justified the Delegation. Mr. Mead said that Victoria would be satisfied with the number of high charac- tered, thrifty, and energetic agriculturists which she had secured. He emphasised the importance of fostering small holdings, and In this connection he instanced the large yield of crops of lucerne, the grower of which In Australia to-day would be the banker of Australia in the next generation. The dairymen selected by the delegation would soon make Victorian butter as well known as Danish butter by enabling Australia to supply Great Britain throughout the year. Sir T. W. Taverner, Agent-General for 'Australia, insisted on the absence of rivalry between the Australian States and Other oversea Dominions in immigration matters. Mr. Charleton, Vice-president of the Chamber of Commerce, Sir John Bingham, of Sheffield, and Mr. J. M. Pratt also spoke. 