The Week Some civic missionaries who tour the world with magic-lantern slides to lecture people on their appalling ignorance of Australian life are apt to have their nether limbs extended. Mr. A. C. Rankine, of the Church of Christ, Nor wood (S.A.), has told a wondering Adelaide journalist that there are in the United States folks who believe that Australia is a small island. When told that we have three million square miles of territory, they say, "Oh, my!" and wink behind your back. One facetious American asked Mr. Rankine if he were going to return to Australia by train or boat. At Honolulu, an American person supposed to be an immigration officer collected a poll-tax from him. which Mr. Rankine rather suspects was an example of "graft." But the unkindest cut came from a wag, who said, "Oh, you're an Australian! You were mighty slick in picking up the English language coming over." • • • The clerks' homes scheme of the Victorian Government has operated so well at Glen Huntly that it will be duplicated at Gardiner, on the Glen Iris line, where the Closer Settle ment Board have about a hundred acres of land for subdivision on the same plan. The clerks get over thirty years to buy the land, and are assisted to build their houses on it. That is to say that a man may by easy pay ments over many years secure a roof over ,the head of his family—if they choose to stay in it. The scheme at Gardiner has more behind it than the mere helping of clerks to secure homes. With a new settlement there, the Railway Department would be in a position to increase the passenger train service and thus open up a pleasant ^,and potentially populous district for suburban development. British Chambers of Commerce talk of adopt ing a trade mark to be applied to all goods made within the Empire. Politically, as the Minister of Customs remarks, this will serve a useful purpose, because it would enable the Customs officers to determine to some extent the country of origin and thus to decide whether any given line should receive prefer ential treatment or not. And in Australia there is still a certain amount of advantage in being able to assure a customer that goods are of British make. As tending to promote an Imperial sentiment, however, the scheme can not hope to make much headway against the modern doctrine of cheapness. - Is there any guarantee that English people will take Aus tralian butter in preference to Danish because the former bears an emblem of the Imperial family? * Pity the poor hawker who allures you with ripe and rosy apples in front of his harrow and pops the withered, worm-eaten fruit from be hind into the bag you purchase. It is true that he cheats you, but then he has probably al ready been given the bad apples by a bad member of the wholesale fruit ring who tops his case with the best samples. Several rev elations of the rottenness of trade in small commodities such as these were revealed by a deputation of hawkers to the Minister of Customs. The hawker said he could,not help working off the bad fruit; he had to pass it on. The. Minister said he had no power to interfere. But the strange thing is that it is so easy for second-rate Australian products to find a market in Australia, whereas only the very best is good enough to be sent abroad. * * « There are ways of getting things done thor oughly without doing them yourself. For in-^__ stance, look what happened when a- timber' stack fell in the. north end of'Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, the other night and pinned an unoffending and unsuspecting citizen to the sidewalk. A crowd gathered and. after mak ing futile efforts to lift the timber off the fallen man and even to saw him out, fell to wrangling as to what next should be done. It was then that one of the cool, calm spirits which rise to a great occasion quietly walked across the road, borrowed a telephone, rang up the central fire station, told them that the timber yard was ablaze, and somebody pinned in amongst the flaming timber. Superinten dent Lee put up his best force of helmeted fire-fighters, with reels, steamers, hoses, chemi cal engines, steam .pumps, motor waggons full of hatchets and crow-bars, and rushed to the scene. And sure enough the weighty beams were quickly levered off the suffering citizen's toes. Now, if that calm, .great man who gave the alarm had simply said that somebody was being crushed under a timber stack there would have been less haste and the relieving party might not have brought the proper tools to effect a rescue. io Immigration policy proceeds along sound lines in the West. A party of seventeen Eng lish agriculturalists, with considerable capital, has completed a critical tour of the State and is on the point of taking up a tract of 17,000 acres in the wheat-growing belt, with'the idea of settling there in compact community. In many colonial places, particularly in South America, the system of community settlements has proved of great value. Where a number of farming families With common racial ties settle down together-o they usually see then enterprise through, helping one another in true neighborly style and making a united at tack upon the embattled forces of stubborn nature which must be crowned with success in the end. It has been mainly a "matter of pride" that has kept clerical wage-earners of all kinds from seeking the protection of the Factories and Shops Act, but during the last few weeks both clerks and warehousemen have overcome their sentimental objection to be benefited by the same law which originally and by its designa tion has for its main purpose the protection of factory and shop hands, against sweating rates of pay. Such professions as that' of the school teacher and the journalist still hold aloof, and the former is now seeking a by-way out of the difficulty by getting a special minimum wage clause inserted in the Education Act. The journalists have no * special act of their own, and as matters stand are forced to contemplate registration as a trade under the preference to unionist clause compulsion of the Federal Arbitration Act. One final distinction remains to. be overcome by the managers of the All-Red British Cana dian and Australian cable. "Vested interests," in the form of persons with money in other cable routes, have moved the British postal authorities to prevent the adoption of a cheap rate for messages taking 4S hours to be trans mitted over the Pacific line. The plea of the objectors is that the charge has not been sanc tioned by the International Postal Conference. Well, neither did the I.P.C. sanction the Jap anese blockade of Kamschatka nor the San Franciscosgarthquake, events in which it might have interfered. The all-red cable is not inter national; it is British through and through, and why the British post office should wish to cut out this essential link of empire passes common wisdom. "" The stream, of immigrants is still 'swelling. In addition to Mr. Mead's 300 families for Vic toria and Sir Newton Moore's 600 for the West, there will be 150 to 300 English lads brought out free under the Dreadnought rural training scheme-and each given a year's free farming experience in the state. The interest on the £50,000 fund will suffice to nfake this work perpetual. There u ra establishment in every that one steamer alone p i)ry migrants to Queensland. « * Apropos or immigrants, tt bon-mot which Mr. Rvuc-e * Prime Minister on the subj,!^ Fisher "confessed" that \mlih ernments his administration fled in inviting people to con,, could not offer them free km from Scotland without such ai urbane representative of p have become Prime Minister!' Curious views as to respimsf tabled by some directors of Three members of the Port ber concern had a mind to im i holdings, with a minimum of selves. Instead of buying secured 1000 acres of jungle i^d ln 1 state as their company's ho!d$g it to the company for admuo^al serif senting 1750 fully paid-up shafts. ■ preponderating interest in iheftomi had power to carry the dmi^rj but while they gently hinted fluiV be done, they said it would ®vg._ the shareholders to carry ihefpnotlri selves. But the shareholdt wjfe pliant as was evidently expectf^ a to adjourn the vote penduu & Inqn a general proxy vote. It is diiiiralt to" directors can consider thenisfflTW,; their trust when, seeing a bartaln in land for the company, tliey do|iwt I matter under the notice of thfc'rta until they have stepped in as puddle bought the land themselves. Dlftctor pointed to conserve shaivholpn" not to trade on them. In America r dure is called by the ugly nam^-Of A sullen sky, from which iijc Sfrenc, drops fell in pitiless monototiv, 'agre. sliver sheened with moisture, 'flvw thousand humans grouped round I some with a modicum of comfort „„ shelter of the grandstands, thajmnja tiently expectant under the slieRero" • las and overcoats, a couple of scorei finely- trained athletes a waiting She.; the umpire's whistle and—you |fove bourne cricket ground last SatumiSyt Despite rain and other incqOTenii mighty crowd assembled to witnrag'tlM the semi-finals between Collingwood, sendon. Australia is the adnfljitefa sport. The young Australian fovei from his birth, is a cricketer £in soon as he attains the dignity offpan nis, baseball, hockey and the tlionsau games of skill and muscle lie <jkn 1. than his own, but football is his create Truly he may not be sufficiently I be one of the extra elect—a men League teams—but still he can|fie, humble worshipper at the shrind^of t ied oaf," as Rudyard Kipling so upkfnd the footballer. Despite the confident, tication that the KssendomCofifpgffOO final would be a desperately-contested Saturday's game was a ruipWj Throughout the season CollingwaBjl a consistent, battling game. On tafle Essendon has been most inconsistent! liant and poor. On Saturday tliejfoevw curred y^li«--e.ou,sjstent and idodding } AVoqwd*^aMtkjiyj'-jltdtetK^ the erratiraand ? E^|l^cl'^mank:r"auH/'tb^ thousanro/ °'l .siist^'who had gathered to wi®l»s s-j /stWggte (l&if; th.c: groi.yiji satisfiefiPM j UiRd, -niis'serl1 the sensationalism a i \ohgh,t game they had/seen a ing^feainl{r.ea p a' fine' victory. 