DISCOURAGING EMIGRATION. -Disparaging statements about Australia as ai ficsltl for emigration have appeared in newspapers .of Sweden -uitl Deunini-k ut tho instance of re ' ' ports received from tho Sydney CoiibuIb of Uiobo : I'liu-openn countries. Neither of these .countries is desirous of losing agricultural labourers, and thoso Australia is exceedingly desirous of obtain ing: in increasingly large numbers for tlio oecu . pat-ion and- development of our huge 'unoccupied ?i 'i- . .??.-.-or. thinly.' populated .areas. The consuls may bo ??? expeotod ? in duty to their, country to assist in ..v..: .''preventing an oxotlus from ; their ? country ?' K ? of clussos of labour -.that: can ill bo spared, but ?-*».'. Australians have good reason to protest against th« means adopted by Colmt Mornor, Consul . . lor Sft'edon, when lie -.sends a violently partisan . political -speech by -Mr. Ilolinnn against tho im migration policy ot -tho.. Government as though it ? ? . were a luir and impartial ? statement of actual conditions. :Wo know very woll , from- our exper ience1 of the Labour' party's method of conduct ing the. campaign aguinst assisted immigration i;liat if five pei'icont.: of a company, of iminigi-ants | '.'Were iUiBhly'''di«oonteiitod .with their, now condi tions, ? and \tlio other 1)5 per cent. well pleased, \aiul many deliglitod witli their new surroundings -nnd^opportunitios, we. should ,. hear much from Li(bour : pooplo ubout the live .per. cent,,. and 'iiothlug'ut all nbout the others, and, Count Mor ? ner has ; been long enough in , this country : to . - . Iri/ow ..what valuo by way of full and impartial , ? : .»|,atoiiiont of inots to uttncli to suoh : n newspaper -??/ - ? ? qu ttlng-, ns'il'liat- whichilib .sent', homoj as a 'bogey' a (o antondi'ni! .omigfants;,. .v'.Tho:'''.incldont'. illus ? i:rulofl-!l|;ow''unp'a(.ribtio is this. part of tlio Labour 1 .-v.' party's' method .of \ondoavouvliig - to: compass its politiciil 'ortds;. Agricultural labourers irom Swe den and Denmark, .who mako oxcollont pionoers ??.of agricultural /settlement are constantly leav- i iiig .homo; , ^ for i: 'tlie ''wider . ureas mull liirgoi'' . opportunities s ollorod by now coun tries,, ; and . the only.' oll'oot ' of such nntiAiiK tialiaji spooches hh that: of/'Mr; Holman which : Ceunl 'Morner luis. issuod 'for his ptiipoHo in io ,, . dii-eot the'^migrution.-to ..other .parts. Happilv .. . Mioh persons, who may woll become Imppy and prosperous? Australians, havo other menus ol finding out what Australia may have in store for ? , thnill ' Hum ? . TTlllllinil.Arni'lini' vniinrlu H111 + c„„., 1 of thorns without mentioning tho roses. Numbers of Scandinavians and Danes, who have made! excellent .colonists, havo found their way here, mid have dono well lor themselves and for their ? country, and they, we may lie sure, have taken pcotl' (iniv to write of' things and prospects Aus tratinn as tlioy have found I hem I n ™hifiv,.= and, friends in the old country. So that alter all , tho 'partisan politician 's efforts (o benefit his pai'ty by disparaging his country mav have done loss harm than is anticipated. As a sot -oil' to Count Mornor's warning Dr. Arthur reports that a Swedish journalist is at tho presont time system-l ' aticully touring Australia iu search ol' first-hand in fo rmnlioii, and thnt lie intends writing a series of eulogistic articles about Australia for the Swe dish press, because in his travels round the world be says he has found no country which n (fords such splendid opportunities for 'the immigrant. We have lip desire to see immigrants attracted to Australia by deceptive information, but we believe that there are thousands of able-bodied British,' Swedish, Und Danish agriculturists who ?would come here if the.v knew of things as tliev are, and whose emigration, from the old coun try, with its restricted opportunities, to tho now V' ' ? ]-'?' , .J1 fnr I'vruor opportunities of success ? /'I' scM lenient on. the land would. prove of mutual lionofit. 