AUSTRALIA TO-DAY. VICTORIAN DELEGATES IN LONDON. FOSTERING THE IMPERIAL SPIRIT. SOLVING THE POPULATION PROBLEM. LONDON, Thursday.— The Victorians In London entertained Mr. Hugh M'Keuzie, Minister for Lands, nnd Mr. Elwood Mead, Irrigation expert, the Victorian immigration delcsution. at a bnnnuct at the Gaiety Res- taurant. - Lord Goscben, who was Private Secretary to the Earl of Jersey when Governor of New South Wales, presided, and the gather ing included 150 leading members of. the Chain her of Commerce, financiers, nnd mer chants, in addition to Sir Charles Lucas Uiead of tho Dominions' Department of tho Coloninl Office), Mr.. Robert Reid, Sir X. B. Robinson (Agent-General for Queensland), Mr. A. A. Ivlrkpntrick (South Australia), Dr. J. M'Call (Tasmania), Mr. C. Hare (West Australia), Mr. T. J. Russell, nnd Mr. R. Nivjson. Lord Goschcn said that Britain welcomed the delegation, and did not grudge Australia immigrants, since they would foster the Im perial spirit among nil classes in tlielr new homo. Sir J. A. Coakburn, M.D. (formerly Agent- General for South Australia), proposing the toast of tho guests, stated that they wero engaged in an Important mission, in solv ing the problem of the adjustment of the population of the Empire. Mr. M'Keuzie stated, in reply, that the press, people, and authorities iu Britain had welcomed them most generously. There wns no suggestion that Victoria was robbing Bri tain of the flower of her manhood. Tho fact that Britain imports CO per cent, of her foodstuffs, out of which Australia sends only 3 per cent., nlone justified the delegation. Mr. Elwood Mead stated that Victoria would be satisfied with the number of high- clin metered, thrifty, and energetic agricul turists tlint had been secured. He empha sised tho Importance of fostering small hold ings, and Instanced the large yields of crops of lucerne obtained under proper cultivation conditions in Australia. After declaring that tho grower in Aus tralia to-day would be the banker jn Aus tralia for the next generation, Mr. Mead asserted that the dairymen that had been selected by tho delegation would soon make Victorian butter as well known ns the Dan ish, by enabling Australia to supply Britain throughout the year. Sir J. W. Tavorner (Agent-Genernl for Victoria) insisted upon the absence of rivalry between tho Australian States nnd the Overseas Dominions in immigration matters. Mr. Charlton, vice-president of the Lon don Chamber of Commerce, Sir John Bing ham, of Sheffield, and Mr. J. M, Pratt also snoko. 