SYDNEY LETTER <From Our Special Correspondent.) While the Premier, Mr. Wade, is protesting' against the representations made by -Count Morner, the Swedish Consul, which have -led bis own and tbe Danish Governments to warn people against coming to Australia, the Minister for Works, Mr. Lee, Is faced with the -unemployed question, wUcb liaa-beun re- opoued eaTlier this yiiar than usual. Mr. Wade says bliat N'ew $outh Wales can absorb 10,000 Immigrants evury year, and can flad ample and profitable work for them, but 'against that are the very definite statements made by a deputation h-loh waited on Mr. l>ee the other day. Ml-. MKSowan, leader of the Opposition, (tntt the gentlemen associated with him, pointed out that very many men bad been out of work for months cud ,had no prospect of obtaining employment. M*. UJB made tlia usual sympathetic -reply, and promised to wake Inquiries as to what works could toe put in band. What a comment all this 5s on, Mr. Wade's absurd declarations about New South Wales -wanting thousands uf people. There as room Cor them here, true enough, .but while turesent eonditlous esist their employment Is Impossible. The'iSaturday half 'holiday movement IB aUU being strongly advocated, and tne "Star" la a cartoon the other day represented Adelaide, Melbourne, and Brisbahe M having obtained it, but made jio reference to llobart, which wes the aecond city where tbls 'haltholiday was tnadu general. There does not teem any immediate prospect of the, holiday being obtained here, though many ot tho priucipal shop keepers are in favor of it, and they would no doubt close, but for the fuel that others would keep open and take UP the traoe. Tho only thing Is the compulsory half-holiday. Though It ts tfaid that tho voluntary system works well enough lu Hobart, it 1« very doubtful if it would do so here. Probably after -the next elections legislation will be Introduced in the direction indicated, but at present nothing is to ibe expected from the Ministry. Nobody expects any consistency trom the Fusion, and just now tho two morning papers, tbe "Herald" and mo "Telegraph," aro having a pretty little quarrel on tbt, State debts question. They both out-andcut sup sorters of the Fusion, but they cannot agrSe about the- principles wlilih the party support. The •lllerald" has \\)etli telllny tno people that tbo iCommonwealth can take over tbe debtfi j d without in any way hampering the bor-;C rowing policy of tbe States, while the "Telegraph" says the directly opposite . thing, and quott-3 'Mi. Deafcin to show . that the aiiu ot b\t Hm'ermuenl. Is tu j -vntrallse and thereby control all further excumloim to the money mar- |0 kut. Now, wl'.i.-b paper 1? right'.' Of 'o the two, tile ''Jcial.l" is mar.- conclateuf. for the "Tek-.^nph" '.han^cn Itu argument dnlly, ar.il not li'friiqnc-iit- !y unsays one morning what it very deDr/Itely pronounced a week before , The pretty little quarrel is goi:i:; on, : rind pe„p!h who taki* their politlca f'roin lho two Fusion ncwKimpers nam. d will -be in a heavy fott before long to what it Is all abo-Jt _ V 1 ' ' J,lf '- , > election eninpalgn ysoca vigoi n. and the leaders arc working *t high pressure. Mr. \V. 31. Hughes. nUvfly.-. a ljusy man, has hardly ijini, io look round, hut in here. Ihrre, and '.vorywbi- re. maklncr lighting spcfciies " P wcsk organisation and al *»*? rrsdv " (0 '" 'l' » citadidfl.p who "•.•eels assistance, in fa'.-t, he is doing more for uther catiilidatthan he ih Cor 'himself. TJie c:ln-r day he wenf io Hjthurst to L'peaV io support of the andidaturc of Mr, 13. ti. Carr (Maequaiiu), and gave a line exposition uf the reasons of the Labor party foi f.ot putting the financial agreement In the 'Constitution. The Labor part? Is fortuaate iu possessing such u man AS Mv. Hughes. Active, brainy, and a vigorous fighter, he is a tower of strength to his Eide. Tho Labor man in doing sound .vork, anil (he party has reason for the confidence It expresses as to its ability to retain tbe There was something In U^ryjrifK; h sensation in the Industrial .Catijvl, tbe c>.er day when Joseph^®. 1 AjQp drews, a master baker, of ^anjpsit^ was charged with -a brci«i o-i'tbi' ba'-Jng trsdo awaird .in ajtiployingi a man at a les; wage.Wan t-hit -prescrSb. ed for a Journeyman baker. Andrews has-been previously'Sned £10 and 6/ cost.-., hue be anp!iedJ for a re-hear lig on tte ground tbn$hgs3i&d; not (iufliclcnl notice of tW proceedings. This was -granted, and the case came •in again, hut this time he was fin-.Hl fin-'-d £10 and £8/8/ costs; so the second ' trjnj was not a fortunate thing for Mm. On hearing the decision the defendant asked for time to pa>. remarking that Jit would settle Ij-is affairs. and then go and keep Peter Bowling company. His Honor. Judge Heydon. sharply asked him what he meant, when the defendant answered that he wanted time to mxike provision for the conduct of Ills business and then he would so and lake it out •Very well," said his Honor, "I wili make the alternative two months," end as it was a month on the previous occasion, again the defendant did badly. However, -he has a w=ck in Which to pay. cr. rather, to w.ake up ftfs mind whether he w!l!, as he sa'd go and keep Petw Bowling company Princess Victoria or Pehleswlc-Hol- Ktoln is n Clever artist, and while on visit to Peotlmifl -she mode n ntimtier'of waler-color sketches. TPiey I al' charming views of JTItrhWd sbenery, an,I fi'ne JMnccss had them framed and nont to ICIng Mwnrd VII Hospital. Windsor, to lie sold tp pro- Vide Christmas gifts for l.he patients. The pictures realised n good sum. The Princess is particularly skilful In (panting flowers and piants, and In the. cottage %omeR of many old roynl servants who htive married may lie seen admirable specimens of her Writ, presented tiy the artist. Trln- "oefis Victoria Is nlso a skilful needlewoman and makos many useful garments for the pool. She Is extremely fOnd or animals, sncl bas taken many prizes with bcr exhibits at cat shows. 