FARM AND PRODUCE, ILLAWAlUIA DAIRY CATTLE r The noewly-formed Illawarra Dairy. Cattle Assoclatlon l1 the first orgltena tlon in this State to insist on a milk and butter' test as a qualification for odmis sion to tho "Herd Book," In drawing up its conditions, the association' practl cally admitted that the llawarra cow Is a crosebred or grade animal. At the name time there is a -recognisced type, and it would be impossible to secure en try for any animal which did not exhibit" ooeslderable evidence of Shorthorn breed Ing, while carrying. milking shape and milking points, 'Tih mlk and butter test is regarded as being highly impor tant, becauso bulls bred from cows ad mitted to the "I-lard Boolk" will aot necessarily be purebred animals, These bulls must be bred from well-lmewn lIla warra families, and with their dams ro glsti''ed on test it is believed that they will produce productive dairy cattle, Ap plieations for registratlon in the "IHard Book" are numerous, and a aurpoileag amount of information has been furnlsh ed to the ben, secretary regarding the lodlgreells of fame of the animals, It Is now evident that several of the leading breeders of Ollawnrra, cattle have caro fully preserved their record, and ad re able to produce evidence that the arl mals which they now wish to have regis= tered are bred from long lines of prointJ able milkers, The position presents to cattle-breeders the phenomenon of crdss bred herds whichl can be relied upoP' to reproduce in their descendants the most valuable quality uith which a mtllke"ireod Is endowed. Tha effect of organlsation and the creation of a "Ilerd Boot' ltn this ease toIs, prhaps, a little problematical The usual object of a herd soclety, which lay be taken to be that of ensuring alt solute 'pur;iy of descent and" adharencd to the correct type of the breed, is hero subordllated to the predominating point of utility ned the cash value of tte pro duct of the animal. Apprently the Illa-s warra Cattle Assoelaotl n, knowing that to Ilsiat on purity would moan the re gttlorn a tof animals which could not be Justly disetlnguished as llluwarra, decdted to endeavour to perpetuate the usefitl qualincatlone of tlle animals produced in the best herds on this part of the coast. DANISlH DAIRYMEN. The members of the Victorian Imml gration Commission report that tiheir visit to Denmark resulted in a number of. dairy tarmers being Induced to omal grater to the southern State. If this should prove to be the easenAustralia will gael a iost valuable class of settlor, The Danish dairyman Is one of the most progressive In tle world. ''The industry i coneductod on' te tnost scientific lines, end the result Is a producttaeqtualled -by that of few countries, and excelled by none, Mr. d., Hanson, a member of a Melbourne firm largely interested in the butter trade, has lust returned from Den mark, whore oe mot the members of the 'Victorian dommisslon, and be has given some very interesting informatilon con. carnpng Danish daliy meotlods,. "The most striking point about dairy Ing in Donmark,!. said Mr. Hanson, "Is tihe extraordinary high average yield that the Danish dairy farmer obtains from his herdl, compared 'wlt the average in other countries litke Australia, whore, In spite of much more favourablo natural eondl telos, the yield is low. But we have the capaclty of improvetment, and the Danish immigrants will be able to ashow 0us the way. "The high ?mfle yield of Danish herds has not been achieved by any secret or marvellous process, It has beec brought about simply by follovwing a systomattc course of breeding and feedltie. 'Twenty or thirty years ago the averauge till yield' of a Danish farm was from 3000 to 40001bh of mile a cow 4 year. Any thlieg less than 70001bs of milk a cow' a year Is now thought unsatisfactory on a well-worked dairy farm,' and more than 13,0001bs a year a cow is often obtained. "The idrthodof stock improvement has been evolved by the World-famoue cow testing societies of Danmtrk. "When one of these ar'ganlsatons to luor. mod., the membership consists of 20 ir' 30 farmers, They appoint a supervisor, paying him either a fixed salary. or so much a cow. This oelllal's workl 1 to visit the. dairies regularly, to test antl weigh each cow's milk. A record Is ktoplt on the formetof the tests, together weit particulars of brooding, feeding, and so forthl. Guded ihy the records, the formor can crlest the right lind of cow to'ibreed fromn, and weed out Unproitable stock. Tile upy rvlser also itoeeos a record of tle lo cal butter factory's products, wheother tico factory be c cooperatlvo or ia prourio. tary cotorrn.l Thtl would be usefual in Vlrto'rian In establishing a mCutual. under' etandlsg blntweeun buyer and soltie where Inow mnieh cnrtlslcta shd doubt oxust, w "Thle most remarltila feature of the Danish societies is that they rovbtve oo State aid. This fact appealed strongly to your Ipeoolal Commissioner swhen in Due mark, Thle Dtinlah rtaaer prefers to pay the cest f inipotio lt himself and be 'iii. dependent,' and It has paid the country to' 'loeav him alone,' Interest In It proving th milkt yield is also stimulated by means of competitions held by the so cletlec,. Theo uporvTeor's reoorde'are col looted by the governing body, and puc. lelod1 yearly for the guidance of all its moenbcre., and a lies competitive spirlt Id ill this manner established throughout thile whole Industry. Partictlars are given in the records otf each farmt. Ierd, h quantity and Itlid of loqddr used, tatal and average lilk yield, and results of bitter tat teots, " Of tihe ulndc'odo of selh roelportc pub. Illoeilm lot moi tiake that o tile folhigl and )istrlct Cow T'Jesting lSoclety, .s lporlc sld icy rft, i.- Neoller, tHero re e trolled rt dnirlos, with a total of 200 coWs, of whish 40 wore plst their frst. and .7 vast their :OCl.I calvilIg,',ho be I st aecoroge reiturnt from one 'farm owas 110791b of milk, cer co' gitr'litg 'cl te( t of 3.41 per coat,, or t8lic of Iuttemr fat ier ebw, The lowest lcverage return from ii nat hne faorm wse l,9t01c 'per cot ofn milk, tglt lng n test of 0.81 per eelc, of Icuttor fat a cow fer ithe teTlvomothse, while ithe verase for thto ciole Soiety, c Iclcltlslg oefrs cit,, of Cthe 900 jhilite's c1caloctd ci to t ai n4dc svorcctcc rctccrac of Ijill of ? h illlt, testicg cct :lr1 icer rent, or ilOioIb f ?lt Ittor fct h eov t tcle 12 noteslllicue oilrg Lic, it "A.ldlrtier enclccctlo' woarth Incentlonlng is frolc the socletlect' rtdl'nc f tice yield *lc ecws entered hllyccei ,h?.lceccmpaletlldcu 'i3cca otc, 'I(ccrlO ' IcOlccIlcg1 to Mr, Me JI.tIcHec, of Io'cvlcno' c, hic tlie cclollic cistrlt c l ticct cecntionedi cihove, swhele I o pete crilc, Iin 1 d101 yielded lcc'llOth of rlllk w ith P1,01 Ie cot tst (I(~ I r ,Hllb of11111111 0 n ~ltrl Ifa, r cc single year, bu? is among the highest. Tho same cow, ,i the following year. pro. duced 10,I00lb.dI milk, with a 1.29 per cent. test, or d40%ol of butter fat ; and last year she gaor 13,i3alb of milk,, with a 3,05 per cent, teat,,por 501hlb of butter tat." Mr.,llenser ,,ys emphatically that far. mere accustoiced to daulrylug on n su?h scien. title methodians the Daces will make. a wonderful advance in the nLdustry ,when they settle .in Australi, .where the natural conditlons hale mutch suoterlor to those of Denmark. 01US(LES OF ,'ThE IIORSE. ' About 40' per cent:' of the waight of an ordinary horso is msclee, All musclee con cernod with locombiion are attached tj bones, and when they contract they caue the borOn' to which they are fastened to more. The lower parts of a horse's logs a'nr nonrly all bones, but the muscles in the body atid uppi' part of the limbs are at tached to various parts of the bony con struction b.' tendons, aun can thus pro ddeo a mot,lro of the parts located some distanco ao?y. The amount of motion pro duced by,. the action of the mascles of say, one, of the horse's hind legs, will depend , pon the length of the muscles, ande tli length of the relation of the boneh to which thty are attached. The 'comoonost idea amongst students of this suobjbt is expressed in these words: "L;Phg musclos for speod, short muscles for power." A long muscle enabloen a horse to get over the ground rapidly. 'A khort muscle, however, is not powerful because of its shortness, but because, in 'orses constructed on that plan, the muso cles are thicker, contain more fibres, all of which pulling together when contracted, exert a greater pulling force than a long, more slender muscle. It Is because of this that in buying horses to draw hoaoy loads weo look for largo and heavy mu'dilee; while in roadsters we must attach impor tance to the length of the muscles, The most of'a horse's muscle is in the hind quarters. This may be a surprise to you, said Mrr. Mr. Marshall, of the Ohio Agri culturanl College, recently, but the next time you have an opportunity to son a horse pullihg a very heavy lend, study him carefully. You will be lmpresseod with the idea that most of the work is be ing done with the hind legs. When the hind loot is moved forward the too reste on the ground and the 'log s bent at the hock-Joint; it the too does not' llp, the horse is strong enough for his load, the muscles above, pulling on the tendon, fastened to the back and upper part of the book, will close the joint-or, in other words, straighten the leg, and causo the body to move forward, It in by the performance of this act at every step that the horse moves; although, of course, the'strain on all the parts is much greater whoanpulling very hard. This will also show the nOces sity of having large, broad, straight, joints and ,legs, that give tie horse the. most aecuro footing. You have probably also noticed when driving that many horses put their hind foot on the ground In front of the marh left by the tore-foot, and the faster they' go the greater will be the dia tanee betiveen the marks made by the fore and hind foot. The hocks should be strong, and the loegs not so crooked as to seem weak, or no straight asn to lessen the lover age affordod by this very wonderful ar rangement of the parts, A IcEW VARIETY OF LUVEJlL. One of the most usefiul branches of the Uviled States Department of Agriculture is a coips of "Agricultural Scouts" iwhIod buslniness Is to scour the world n searchll of new and valuable plants. Bly this means hundreds of varieties 'of tiees, grains, and grasses hitherto unknown it the States have -br n sent to tile various experiment stations to be tested, some of which .have proved of very great value, nud i low and then lirteresting reports tire iSCtued. InI an article which appeared In a Melbourne paper recently, entitled "A Hoe nlnnce of Sclence," en Interesting aecouint was given of the travels of Professor Ilnl sen, of the Agricultural College of South Dakota, U.H,A,, lit snearch of fodder plnutd that wvold stund the exteemea of heat and cold. Tile muain object Of Ills exphlrh tlarrs w0s to find n lucern that Wiolrd have tihe iecessary quality of "cold hardiness" to withsltald the rlgours of the northern winter, and this he found in the storm. swept steppes of Slberha, It. is estimated that the dlecovary will lutroasn the value of northerr tarn; lands in America by L10 au acre. Ilitt !'cold hardy".lucero plantr were not the only vnlunblo dlscoveries made by Ilansen, When travelling In the north of Iersia hie found n clover called schabdar, wlhich 1 one of tile best forage plants in tile old world (nlthough r. til now unknrown out of Asia) and which p0-s snH0es thie nlequi ilualty of flourishing hest and ntlninling ts finest doveloprrent In raglonn where there Is no frost, where the heat s grent, and whoere tile rainfall I oef the scnlltlet description. l'rfesscor Ilallsen conlndoutly expects that sclabldar tlll solve the, problem. of all the, drought. nriltton a'tO regions of the world, ind Il e considers it enRiCeeilly nRltalle to the ihot, dry arens of Alirerlca iand Australa, 