SUMMARY. An aotlre Libera) campaign' asfcins'fl TEj;' m? is Proceeding in London. (Page 6.1 The " Manchester Guardian " says thaU shipping people are gratified at tho reject tion by the Egyptian Assembly of thd Suez Canal concession. (Page 6.) Fourteen men have been blows tot atoms in a Texas railwav tunnel. (Pagd Mr. O'Brien declares that -lie will meeft Mr. Lloyd George's "astounding denial '4 on the floor of the House. (Page 6.) Mr. Lloyd George lias expressed a-hopd; t-hat the resolution legalising tlio collec tion of income tax would bo passed otf.' tbe 18th instant, (Page (j.) Several questions have been asked in tha House of Commons regarding the author ship, of the "Times" articles on "Paw ncllism and Crime." The Countess of Dudley hopes Jo saiH for Australia at- an earlv date. (Paga ' 6.) ' ' " The Porte states that the rebels a-0: Prishtina have been dispersed-. (Pago6.)l The-'." Westminster Gazette " congratu lates New. Zealand on the appointment ot Sir John Dickson-Poyndcr as Governor (Page 6.) Wales defeated Ireland iu association football. (Page .6.) The Grand Vizier of Morocco has, been poisoned bv- three of bis wives. (Paga 6.) The preservation of tile Auld Brig all. Ayr has been completed at a- cost ol £1-1,000. (Page C.) The Danish consuls in Australia have' been instructed to report regarding tho recent warning to immigrants. '(Page 0.) Only 500 reservists now are on strikef at Marseilles. (Page 6.) " Chanteclcr " is to be produced in London in June. (Page 6.) Major Maclean, who was charged aft,-, Capetown with murdering Ms daughter's fiancee, has been asquitted. (Page £.-)! The Austrian battleship Zrinyi is tor be launched at Trieste to-day, (Pag A band of robbers pillaged the Trea sury at Kizlyar in Russian Caucasia? (Page 0.) The ratepayers of Toronto havo voted £50,000 - towards a new general hospital (Page 6.) Persia has rejected the political condi tions attached to the proposed Anglo- Russian loan. (Page 0.) A demonstration was made against the) Prime Minister of France at St. Cha- mond. (Page 0.) The Chamber of Mines at' 'Johannes burg entertained the Earl of Selhornd at a banquet. (Page B.) A sum or £200,000 has been placed at the disposal of the British Dentat Association to bring the services a of skilled dentists within the reach of tho lower, middle, and poorer classes. (Pago Speaking at St. diamond, the Primd Minister of France unfolded the pro gramme of the Government. (Pago '6.) Mr. W. O'Brien lias disclosed certain negotiations between Mr. Lloyd-George and the Nationalists. (Page 6.) I11 Berlin 150,000 Socialists held a demonstration in favour of the adoption of direct and secret suffrage in Prussia (Page 6.) Sneaking at the -luncheon in connection with the launch of the Yarra, Sin George Rcid said in war time wo would lie one force wherever the flag was fired! on. (Page 6.) Hon/ R. Edwards addressed lrmolina ' at Newmarket, last evening. (Page 9.Y The annual -eneral meeting of Queens land Rugby Union was held last night., (Page 10.) b ' The Brisbane City Council met yester day. (Page 3.) Ttliaa. Town Council met last evening (Page 3.) The civil sittings of the Suprcipe Court were continued yesterday. (Page 10.). 