PROTECTION AND IMMIGRATION. In the "Telegraph " yesterday ' were published two messages ; one' relating to ' Sweden, the other relating to Denmark. Superficial thinkers may say that both of - those messages, - showing thatrMinisters for Foreign - Affairs- in the countries named, when seeking to dissuade their people from emigrating to' - Australia and New Zealand, because of the diffi culty ot. obtaining a living in those countries, did only a very- simple thing. In the estimation of such super ficial thinkers, the- Minim-crs' Acts are only matters ot prudence. We feel- sure that the notices Said to have been issued by the Ministers were in terms which showed that they were intended to give, not mere prudential advice, but economic information. The)1 did not speak of the "difficulties of obtaining subsistence." Those are.- generic terms. The Ministers. In question must have used specific terms.- They must have told t'heir people that in Australia, and in New Zealand, the cost of living is So great that Swedish anil Danish wage earners may find it difficult to obtain a living. If these Ministers are worthy of the places they occupy,, they must have observed that the higher rate of living has an. adequate cause. What causes the rate of living in Austra lia and New Zealand to be so .high ? , There is ' only one cause. - Prices arc high when commodities to be bought are scarce; and commodities to be bought' are scarce from one or two causes. Either/there is a shortage of production, or there is . production under, conditions which tend, to raise prices. What arc those conditions ? Indisputably, protection, is one or them. In America, .there now- -is u powerful agitation for . higher wages, because the cost of -living is so much ' higher; Protectionists affirm that this'; higner. cost of' living 'is. not due' to- protection. SoMe other 'per-'' sons; whether- of - protection -or frootradq. I tiarties,'' they- beiiig', persons. !'qf; Common sense, declare that protection alone istiie, j primary -causo of the. higher cost .of living. ; Mr. James 'Ilill, a well known American ' authority in these" affairs, recently speak ing at Washington,- satd : The cost of living is raised by the relative scarcity ' of bread and 'by. the artificial, increase in the prifces -.of all manufactured articles. Other interesting ' ' statements on .'-this". " subject are contained in- a circular issued by! Messrs.. Jplin W. Davis and Go,,- bankers, of New York, who say': "Pros peril?- was unfairly divided, wages ' ad vancing a moderate percentage of the in creased living cost, while salaries re mained unchanged, so that what was sufficient in 1896-8 lor comfortable living, life insurance provision, education of "children, Ac., became in 1906 hopelessly j inadequate. In consequence, a- numerically I. important budv of men forcibly demanded- : investigation and remedy. The gold dollar: r had been established, but its purchasing power had Allien to 60 or 70 per cent oi what it had been, anil was '10 to 20 per cent under its purchasing value for most necessities in other countries. Profes sional and salaried men had no share in the greater Wealth ; the labourer a small portion ; the farmer a large return for his products, largely offset by greatly in creased cost or everything ho used, for the beneficiaries were mainly manufac turers, whether in trusts or independent, and incidentally owners of railroads and tho.se moneyed institutions which' financed new methods of commercialism." And then, further dealing with the "in- j fant- industries" argument, Messrs. Davis ' : say : The .'intelligent voter, recognising I that he paid more for clothing, foodstuffs, 1 medicines, . furniture, rents, &c.;, than his neighbour in less .tariff-ridden coun tries, believed that whereas' lie had con sented years ago, and perhaps wisely, . to a ..tariff to protect "infant; industries'.1 and to maintain , high wages, his action had resulted in creating an oligarchy; of manufacturers, largely combined in trusts, . whose, "infant industries" had developed into .giants able to produce at smaller-- cost than rivals in any other land, whose labour cost cut small .figure,. Who gave' 't6' him none of ttiis benefits of protection ' against rivals- and the right to combine, and who resisted iri Congress through its' senators/ and representatives every . effort to correct abuses. Other American writers of acknowledged authority are even more emphatic oil the same subject. And the following, from the "Daily Mail,'1 of London, of 29 tli December last,' a paper that can not be accused of freetrado tendencies, is an additional light on the same sub-' jeet. That' paper'- said': " The high' cost of living in America, is to be thoroughly discussed at a conference of railway managers and employees on Monday next. If the programme, of the Brother hood of Railway Employees is carried out, managers will be confronted with demands for increases in wages ranging iron; 5 to 40 per cent on. the wages of 75,000.. cmplpyees. If these demands arc 'not granted, Mr. I-I. D. Perham, head of the railway department of the Ameri can ' Federation of Labour, declares 'tlic , advisability or a general strike of rail- I waymen being immediately considered. J The railways have already ' announced unofficially that their attitude towards the demands of the men will not be an arbitrary one." These quotations suffice I for showing that in the opinion of well j intonmed persons, protection raises the cost of living, and our -two messages of yesterday show that foreign Govern- riients are making notes, and uttering warnings concerning the effects of pro tection in Australia and New Zealand. They aco showing that it must seriohsly. i affect cdnigtajioii from ' .those pountrie.Sj the emigration of. /persons who 1 'would make first-class settlers for 'Australtn>; The whole thing may bo taken, .to show that' while protection : niay bo a very good thing for the wage earner,- who is protected, it is a" very bail thing' for the wage, earner who is not protected. It is a" case of top dog and bottom dog, - while so few' dogs arc 'on . the top, and so muny dogs are at the bottom. - 