ATTRACTING SETTLERS THE CANADIAN EXAMPLE. INTERESTING POINTS FOTt AUSTRALIA. "When the Canadian Government had laid put, purveyed aud divi'Ied tbe land It was proposed to offer to Immigrants—work which was done mostly through the nsrcrcy of colonisation companies—nnd liaj made sure ihat all (he land to be sjfltled was Imidy to railway cummunicatiou. au organlsatlou was developed for seeming settlers. These arrangements were gradually evolved from tb» central office at Ottawa until fney .embraced Rgecciis all over Europe nntf- the T'nitcd States. Tiie work done by tl.c lmmigi'at.lon brancli is now of the most coniirehensive character. In 190S, for instance, 110 fewer tliar. 430,330 requests for inforination were received at the lien-1 lmmigniiou bureau, and the total iiumbei- of pamphlets sf nt out reached the extraordinary total of 2,30".74r. This llteiutur.-' consisted of leaflets, oc-rs. han'.lliooks, traps, atlases, aud newspapers printed In English, French, Swedish, German, Norwegian, Dutch", Flemiih, FlnnLsh. Danish, .ind Mungarlau. Five officers are eniplcycfi in the deportation of undesirable immigrants, and the thoroughness of 1 lie supervision is shown In the fact that, during six years I(1.4IS persons were detained for various reasons, and 15294 were actually debarred from admission. Employment agents engaged 011 commission foui.d w.c-k during inos for 7(Od farm hands in the provinces of Ontario anil Quebec alone. The head oilice lor Ii'.nrope is at. Charing Cross. I£r-glnnd, and is quite a separate establishment from the cfficc- of tile High Commissioner, iu Victoria street, though subordinate, of course, *a Lord Strathcona. In addition tc the London superintetiden! and atalT the Government has represeutatives ill Liverpool, Hirmlngiiam. York. Glasgow, Aberdeen, Ltelfast, Hxeter. Dublin. Paris, and Antwerp. Not content i;ii the opprnlions of the resident staff the Ministry In 190S appointed 110' fewer than 2S spec::il dcleghtes t» visit the United Kingdun .for (be in.'i'pn.i of promoting eir.igr.i- /tion. Tue permanent officers in Europe are kept iu constant touch wirh Cauudljn i on,111 Ion-, and there are freouent exchanges between the staiY in Europe and that of Canada For instance. (the Assistant Superintendent of Emigrulinu in London ev- lianged posts in 1B0S with the Commissioner «t Winnipeg. U is rftated in the Canadian blue bo«k on immigration that during lMt<"5 official action had bet 11 carefully conlined to '.he »ncoui'2gement of "agricultural emigrauts" that is to saw of those peisons possessing a knowledge of farm life, and those intending to embark in agriculture on arrival in Canada: of railway navvies nnd domes- He servants A report from tli-; As- Flstnnl Superintendent iu l.oiiilcu appinvos of llio policy inaugurated by tbe MiniFter of the lr- terior, li.v which all offices of the nsents were brnnghi: into bel.tnr prominence by the removal fnoin obscure- jiturt'ons to positions cn tbe ground floor of Important business thon,ughft.r''s. The wi<dom of this action 'nils been abundantly pror- (•A frou the increased Dumber of caller* making p"isoiial Innnirles, and I he i.(tv:tcllve dtsplavr from time to lime furni&heti; Uie department. These being showu to advantage, h.-td linjloubtedly laid tbe foundation for E-till fm-llier inquiries concerning Canada, not on'y in (he Held of emigration. but nlecig the line of c^oiuie^ci.-il r.uterprha'S among those who might be seeking opportunity tar investment. Advertisement* drawing attention to (lie resources of Canada were inserted It newspapers throughcitf Crcat llritain. A. motor car tawi-ed the Midland counMes aud attended the Royal Agilci.lMira! Sb.ow. In addition M'roe ctiraTans supplied by the • department were placed on the road—ene in "North Wile*, one tn the north cf Trchud. nnd one in the Hollands, Great assistance was g;ven to the propaganda by the visit to England or persons who emigrated to Canada years ego, and, hrivlcg aRnlped a fair amount nf t-ucC'^. tr.ke a holiday in the old land. All theso pedple become volunteer leclurers attd emigration agent? for Can ada. Shtiiplnc agents throughout the I'nlted fviimjra get :t lwius of per lio^il for i-<H< i<ltural laborer^, domestic aervantB. nnd railway navvies l.eUcrs frt in suc-.-c^sful seltlcrs nr< exltihlteil In Ihc .'igerey window-, atu the stla3es and neocruphles pnblishei' , I v ibe department are in univ.-rsa dcnia'id. belvs distributed u^naH\ amotig-l Ibe schools, when special ap plication Is made by the scholars. Special wall maps for exhibition iu f cbools are alto » epeclal feature of 111* work. Agents attend the wecklv markets and couutly fairs for the purpose of tTistrlbutiug literature and giving information. und stands contiiuing samples of all kin;1s_of Canadian produce nr« set up at the agricultural shows. Recently foe nativities of the <leiin:-|> inetil h*vc •.•e.vclie'J out to rue sn'.ailcr country yin.-.g»s bv means of corr-'srondents. advertisements, lecturers, aud visits from the motor t-t rs unit exhibition wag-ms. "Tiie policy," says (he report, "of sending farmer delegates who have been more or less s-ccessful in their operations in Canada to give lecture? and verbal infor million to per-ous contemplp.ling einlgratiug bem ceriinnetl witn marked success. All the provinces of lite Dominion have bfen r-')i("-onl<\--d bv the 28 delegates rn t to the I'nitell Kingdom and parts of the Conli'ieut. Nothing can eyceeiJ the va'ue of the experience rjKteJ by tht"-e mrni to people uf tliL'i- own class'In person, tlid obviously they are able to answer many practical rtmsfirns which milv (hoso engaged for Tears In mi to date agricultural ;.ietl;ods can possibly explain." It 's stared th-it bet w,-,-11 IAOOO and 40,<Wfi pirsons visit cl rlie London office during 3-)0S to n;nke personal intpili.v, rud nearlv tlirec- MUarters or a rnllllen s/opp-;d to inspect die window rii-fpl&y.; Testimony is borne liy itbc Af^slnnt Sv.pi'i-im"ti- Jent to the excellent rcf- jlts ohtainetl tlirougb. the einnleyment agency in Canada (referred tc above). This had been of great assMance to ne-cnN liooking passcrgi-rs. Tit it bad eitabii-1 .hem in many casts to direct linir passenL'eis to aci.iai (-uplin- iiienl b=- :-oi'd the port of landing. Reports published by the Canadinn Government from lis agents in (,1,0 large cities -of England. Ireland and Scotland shov.- (be remarkable r-antincalious of the Immigration work, nnd how constantly and •completely the story of Canada is kepi before the pii:;. - he. In,fact, if an English or Scold :irliF,iu o- farmer is thinking or cm) grating his tlir.nght ljaturallv (lies to Canada, for the possibilities of C.-tnada arc always beferc his mind. II is slated by tbe Aberdeen agent that Canada had so dralnei' the Highlands of farm !nbor.-?i.>•• that (be local faiw »•«••• protesting slrongly against Cana dlan activity n; n,,. emigration field Good repots con e from Ireland, whcip a pernintmlalint cxhiliit was used and it was Mated by the shipping agents that the second cabin aceonimo daiiuii was tr.r.tr in demand than titthird. sliOMing the respectable t-las3 from which Lhe emigrants were recruited. Canada, hn\ing a large French population, receives a considerable mini i'er of emigrants from France. Tiie l'aris agency reported the receipt of JO.OOO ietlers during 100S. iu addition to tliousaivds of personal inquiries 'l iv'ich fnimers from Canada hnd ad drctsed meetings in .many of lite dc panments, and iileraturp irad been distributed broadcast. The Government had three agents working permanent iv ill tin-country. Reports from Hclgium and Holland, spoke of equal activity excellent work ninont' Hie schools in the teaching of Canadian geography and rescunces, while sntisi'n.ition was ej.pressed tiiat-. the cmigr:iuls from these frugal industrial jx-nnlc of tiolow counlries conMlstcrl of families of six, eight, or leu, taking with lii»iu sulicient capital to selLlc on a hoino fatead already selected. Eve-n more Interesting Is lhe nbenunt of lhe Imuiigi-.-iiion depai lin.:ut s opcl'.-ilions in the United Suit"?. Dealing with the fact that 5S.ol2 people ed the lwrder in 1!WS. (lie insppcloi agencies describes :ls th- 1 most pi- Ing l'e-ature of the work "the splendid character and quality nf the jmjn grants. The money -and effects iirougii iu by these pccple was in tiie nci^i horhood ot rri.OiW.OOO del., or nrsrl lOiK. 1 dol. per head. This lias -been added to the money wealth of Canada in one year. In addition to tli money wealLk, there is the >physic:il wealth which tbe-e people bring. < Those arriving 4S.000 Irol; up bom sleails. 1110SL ol the liahtiii.c puichased i:iwd and went into fanning—a lif thai 90 per cent, or (licni Mnei been following in Iheir old homes. Th - United States settlers bring with them a wealth of experience in titlim: •prairie lands, and are able to lake from the soil the best tiia- it will alYn'.xl. lam satisfied (hat If a cen- -us were taken it would lie round dial the United States farmer almost ni ways succeeds in having good cropr and realising the highest price for hiproducts. His presence iu the neigh horhood is welcome for the experience l'.e brings and is willing to impart to his neighbor, and in this way the newcomer from other .parts, be It eastern Canada, Great Britain, or the Couti uiuil, is iaiighi lessons in farming that are valuable lo himself aud tile country." There is no need to point out how tiie latter part or tlicse observations supports Mr. Elwood Mead's prcuposnl to bring iiTii;aU)is from America lo pioneer our Irrigation districts. It appears that there Is not a Stale in the unior in which Canada is not adver tisi-u, nnd in 10 Sl&lei; the Dominion lias special representatives iocated in the be.-t agricultural sections. At almost ail the offices there tire one or two assistants to look aifte'- the correspond enee. The Government agent enrri-s with him samples of the grain Tintl grasses of central Canada, has .villi liini a supply of literature, and quotes rales 10 any paint in western Canada to which the selector would like lo travel. He assists the intending settler by securing him the lowest freight rafes for his stock and effects advises him of the best route, and afterwards follows the course of the car engaged to its destination. Very often Ihc male mcmbei-s of tbe family -novo in -advance of those dependent. Wtien this occurs It is the duty of the agent to assist the family in every way possible in order to get a start. During ibe autumn exhibits of grain, grasses, roots, and vegetables, with which (he ageiil has supplied himself arc taken from fair to fair, and tastefully arranged. A chain letter system is adopted, which is very effective i- getiing tiie names of those in a neigh- 1-orliccid who might be interested in Canada. To the names thus secured litor.-iture and circulars are sent, "and," nays the insprclar of agencies, " i! is surprising the amouut of eltectivn work done in this way." Canada in (be Stale- has (o compete with lnii'1 agents from Texas. Wyoming. Co!<rada, Mciuana aud South Dakota, nnd Ihcse agents were "a. disturbing semi ir.cnt amongst possible movers." Canadian. agents were therefore kept busy iu booming the superior attractions of Cn inula. Tbe advertising douo was on a stupendous scalc. Space was purchns?i in • trout 70011 newspapers throughout (lie '"nilcd Slates, nnd reading notice; and -display advertising were bol.'i used rrccly. The result of this comprehensive eirort has iieen that, while in 3007- l'.itiS Canada received from the United States settlers to (he number of .IS-SIL' the- tot-al last year reached the thigh (ipui-e of 00.000. Those facts go to show that Australia has a great organisation to evolve before slip will emulate, even- iu a very modified -degree, (lie perfection of <"•anadi.ii! arrangements for attracting settlers. We want lliousanas of setrlcrs to I'.il ii]) our vast spaces, lo develop otir resources, lo assist us -iu maintaining this iand from possible foreign aggression, and to make the country rich anil prosperous. We have millions of acres of land to settle in districts which couforui to tbe Canadian ideal that in settler shall be more than 2(1 miles from a railway. We have tiie- enormous advantage over Cm 1:1 da of a cliiiinto -which eniiides farming tc be carried on all the year round: bv Ihc application of wntcr we can secure Ihree. fcur aud live crops where tin- Canadian can realise only one; 011: lnnil 011 -the average is cheaper: on-- terms of purclinEc nre more liberal We .l;n soil capable of yieldii i'wry vni'iely or product ^nire onJv inU llijiiwi orpnnNnlion. r 1"»iiovoltMi{ ^-.vf-ion: ot' SJnio ai«l. foun'S od on si 1 M'l oomnieivinl principles: : o,f»nvs*nio!ii phiimiji^ of llio iiublir tale: an <»a>v fonn of transfor jutd proiupl. nol 1uiL p -lienrlod. dilnlnry .•idion for pnniim imuiip;nui1s cn iheii jiirivjil in Uio possihl.* .-iivum. ^ihiicos for In i-nnr.ric: usi»rul. thriving cilizons of llio Caramonweaiih. AVitI, tin' ^xaiupl^ of Oinjila and ils far iv;w-lniur and pflieiivo ojw»rclions j:: KniilHiid licfon? him. wo should hnvr lir-iird oven l\v now tJuit t:hc Hipli Corn inissioncr was formulating su^'i s tionf» foi llio homo (Jovormnenl, HO a propare Ilia road for an Immicratioji pnlioy. nothlnp is 1>cinfr dour. TJoih Stato nnrl CojunM)riwr»nll!i a ihoriii^s profess to Im« sincorc in 1 re to our Wroad acres >conv<?rt ft on) wild to wnvhur f-oru Jind smilinjr .pastures. We have "bson ?!iov.n Hip way tc this achiovoraont by our *nH-npn<ing: kinsmon of Britisi- North America. Too Ion? have wo (lnllii\1 and trifled wi(h a pront untion nt nof»d. Lei us del-ay no more.— •'irtifi 