SDMMARY. ______ An . active Liberal campaign against ilia velo.tsnroceeoinK in London. (Page 6.) . The " Manchester Guardian " savs thati shipping people aw gratified at the rejee- fj tion bv ' the Egyptian Assembly of tho Suez Canal concession. . (Page 6.) Fourteen men have been blown tn ,- atoms .'in a .Texas railway .- tunnel (Pm. «;) ' " Mr. O'Brien declares that he will liiceb Mr. Lloyd George's "astounding denial '' on the . floor of the House. (Page (>.,) Mr. . Lioyd George has expressed ailiopa that the resolution legalising tho collec tion of income tax would lie passed ort the 18th instant, (Page 6.) Several questions have, been asked in Hie House of Commons regarding the author ship'/ of the " Times " articles on "Par nellism and Crime." The Couniess of Dudley hopes to sail- for Australia at an, earlv dale. (Page ('.I The Porte states that the rebels aii Prislitina have been dispersed'. (Pagft.fi.) The " Westminster Gazette " congratu lates New Zealand on the appointment of Sir John Dickson- Foyndcr as Governor (Page 6.) Wales defeated Ireland in association' football. (Page 6.) The Grand Vizier of klSorocco has been noisoned bv three of his wives. (Pago 6.) The. preservation of the Auld Brig ati Ayr has been completed a cost. ot £11.060. (Page 6.) The Danish consuls in Australia liavo been instructed lo report reenrrting tho recent warning to immigrants. (Page 6.) . Only 500 reservists now are on striko at Marseilles. (Page 6.) " Chantecler " is 'to he produced in Loudon in June. -(Page 0.) Major Maclean, who was charged at , Capetown with murdering his daugliter's fiancee, has been asquittcd. (Page fi.)' The Austrian battleship Zrinyi is to he launched at Trieste to-day, (Page A hand of robbers pillaged the Trea sury at Kizlyar ia Russian Caucasia- (Page 6.) The ratepayers of Toronto have voted- £50,600 towards a new general hospital- (Page 6.) Persia has rejected the political condi tions attached to the proposed Anglo- Russian loan. (Page 6.) A demonstration was made neatest tho Prime Minister of France at St. Cha mond. (Page 6.) w The Chamber of Mines at' 'Johannes burg entertained the Enrl of Sclborne) at1 a banquet. (Page 0.) A sum or £200,000 has been placed at the disposal of the British Dental Association to bring the services of skilled dentists within the reach or the lower, middle, and poorer classes. (Pag0 Speaking a 1 St. diamond, the Prima Minister of P ranee unfolded the nro- gramme of the Government. (Page s \ Mr. 11 . O Ilrien has disclosed certain' negotiations between .Mr. Llovd-Gcorgo and Hie Nationalists. (Page if.) I" Berlin 150,006 Socialists held a demonstration in favour of the adoption of direct and secret suffrage in Prtlsste, (Page (>.) wHhUa,th'-? at ""/ ,un(l,lc"n in connection wiih the Inuncn of the Yarra, Sir Georgrn Reid said in war time we would . mm force wherever the flag was fircrf. on. (Page 6.) ; Hon. R. Edwards addressed o nr-etino- a ip, lnrl'i;t' evening. (Page fl.y lailii Pii»|l,ll'r-"nplal meeting of Quccns- (Page !0 )> Wi,S hel,t la'Sl niSht- da1v!,L' "pa,l3.)CUv CuUnCi' Ket vcsl,'r- (PagTs )T"n" t:,""u'il n,('( lnst evening, riie civil ?;iii,iiiCs of ll)lt Huproiru (.'ourfc J w«re eoiitimied ycslenlay. jq.) 