~~ SUMMARY. Mr T Lloyd-George declares that the House of Commons must deal with the House of Lords Question first. The "Daily Mail" reports that if Liberals small in office long enough, Lord Kitchener swaggered Lord Minto as Governor-General. Mr orlffltha, M.P., proposes that the Upper Home should be curtailed to 200 and that the Sonics should be asked to nominate 40. Judgement was reserved in the matter of f¿ case of Ernest Sackville to the peerage "and estates of the late Lord Sackville. Professor Gregory, formerly of Melbourne university, declares that there is no region of tropical Australia that Europeans could not colonise. The Legislative Council of India has passed the Press Bill after a sitting of seven hours. The Government has decided to release the deportees imprisoned 14 months ago, on certain pounds stated by the Governor-General. Great Britain tells China that she must con- test Russia and Japan in the construction of the Chlnchau-Algun railway. The friendly tribes who rallied to British protection in Somaliland are suffering from the reprisals of the Mullah. Intense cold prevails in New York. Eight deaths occurred on Tuesday from cold. Scores are in hospital. The National Geographic Society of the United States accepts the invitation of the Peary Arctic Club for an expedition In 1911. Chinese on the Pacific Coast have decreed a boycott of San Francisco owing to the ill treatment of Orientals there. At the Octoberist Club in St Petersburg hostile references to Germany were cheered by the entire influential assembly. Russia grants asylum, and refuses to extra date Eakhlm Khan, who commanded the Per lian Insurgents. The police at Constantinople are reported to have found high explosives in the chamber where the Turkish Deputies were sitting. Turkey has appealed to Great Britain for the services of an Admiral to succeed Rear-Admiral Gamble. A Bulgarian loan of £3,960,000 at 44 per cent. Issued at London and on the Continent was largely oversubscribed. The French Navy Bill provides a battle fleet for home waters of 28 battleships, 49 cruisers, and 52 destroyers. Prussian police dispersed a socialistic demonstration at Breslau. They used sabres, and many people were wounded. An amnesty to Lieutenant Typaldos and other ringleaders of the Greek naval rebellion of November last year has been signed. The Danish Minister of Foreign Affairs has issued a notice dissuading emigrants leaving for Australia or New Zealand. At the meeting of the Compulsory Industrial Board in Newcastle yesterday, Mr. Charlton represented the colliery employees. Mr. Charlton suggested that the proprietors should be asked to meet the men, with Judge Scholes as mediator. The men wished to come to a settlement, and a meeting would pave the way to an immediate resumption of work. His Honor replied that mediation was the proper thing. He was willing to come in as mediator. He asked Mr. Charlton and Mr. Kelynack to consult their clients, and arrange a meeting with him. His Honor adjourned the board till the following day, so that an effort might be made to arrange the consultation. Subsequently Mr. Charlton conferred with the delegate board, and it resolved to accept the wages board. It is now probable that the men will return to work on Monday week. The conspiracy charge against Bowling and others was continued yesterday, when all the accused made statements to the Jury. Bowling said that he had not consulted with the other defendants in any way, nor inspired with them. The Government has discontinued for the present supplying its imported coal to private consumers. Tho whole of the State Importations are now to hand, comprising six cargoes. The Director of (Labour reports that several thousands of men are out of work in consequence of the strike. Proceedings were commenced In the Water Police Court yesterday concerning a socialistic demonstration and procession on Tuesday. The accused were all remanded on bail, good behaviour being made a condition. The Danish and Swedish consul stated yesterday that neither Denmark nor Sweden could spare agricultural Immigrants. They declared that farm labourers were letter looked after In Denmark and Sweden, and enjoyed beautifully cooked food. The Premier was surprised at Count Mor ner's cable, which he says is incorrect so far as State-aided Immigrants are concerned. The prison population is lower than for many years. Cost of upkeep is practically as low as any previous year. Twenty years ago the gaol population numbered 2300. To-day the number of people in gaol is only 1430. J W, Hutchison gave evidence before the Public Works Committee yesterday concerning a proposed railway from Muswellbrook to Merriwa. He said that the line would be 46 miles 40 chains long, and the estimated cost of constructing it was £201,4. At the Central Railway Station yesterday four railway carriages crashed into a brake van standing at a dead end. Robert Bowmaker, a trimmer-osamincr, had to be cut out of the wreckage, and was taken to the hospital seriously injured. The Court of Marine Inquiry yesterday sat concerning the stranding of the steamer Aden on December 19. The Court found that the accident was ought about by the default of the master, and called upon him to show cause. The Water Board declares that Loddon Falls, through tourists, are a danger to the Sydney Water supply. "9-10. catchment area, It is said, is being painted, and representations are to be made W the Government, Mr. Deakin has replied In reassuring terms w MeT points of his policy speech raised by Mr. Wade and Mr. Perry. The Premier has arranged to address a mini- an "acetylene I" the principal towns along W6 north coast during the month. Mir- /"""o Street returned from Colombo yesterday by the P. and O. steamer Malwa after a holiday trip of five weeks. McMahon first law term of the year On Monday we Chief Justice, Dr. Cullen, will preside. A doctor from the Central Board of Health found sanitary arrangements very unsatisfactory at Canowindra. At a large gathering of parents and scholars in St. James Hall, the Archbishop of Sydney eulogised the State school system. Hackenschmidt has challenged Scott, a New Zealand wrestler, to contest the world's championship on Wc-Snekdoy next at Wellington. NSW Vital Wheat yield of the Dominion of New Zealand for 1908-9 was 8,772,790 bushels. Madame Melba hopes to present grand opera aoutsoT'the work? "is A' S Croal oPera tíIuLm£ÍC¿eDCD of the Commonwealth Association of Nurserymen and Seedsmen yester tions a number of important results atMp"ríUnlco Herbert. !" a farewell speech are not Tl."' quoted nBuros t0 "lustrate ino progress of the Northern Territory. tteoUnffAväblsIi,op.of Sydney Priced at a SS yesterday to stimulate interest in the Australian Board of Missions, troTlnnflAentlial company was been formed to Kalla0n"Oca%0aias,:niCeS of I'm For the ««sDsUBbôû,Sl"0ntl,!;n° StTk season is? lost by, morning and afternoon, yes ers\rndal'^,Pt her 86th seaboard show rally with a? lengthy north-west, and gone "away, with cool south to east winds. 