GENRAL SUMMARY. Commemoration serviro ?t the Cam purdowu State school this afternoon, r Culao stock sales to-day. Clearing sale at Jancourt to.ilaj.. . Memorial services will be held on'ev-" orv British; warship to-morrow. ... ; 'Sear Bordeaux ? liottlo containing wine 1500 jears old has heun unearthed in .i Koman cemetery. ..„■■■• In Melbourne'the State Executive has authorised theproclamation of I1 n dav as a public holiday. • tho Unskilled Laborers' V ages Board at Sydney has raised tlio minimum h age' from 7/ to S] a day. ' At M?ie l'rank Stratum, while ndnij; a bicycle at a gmart pace at dusk ran mtu an old man kangaroo. King Kerdinand 1. Tsar of the Bul garians, has announced that he will nt lend the funeral of King Kdward. Mr. John Mimro, Franilingliam, ami Mr. Andrew Mowat, Cressy nave been apimintcil Justices of tlie IVace. •v serious outbreak uf foot nml mouth disease has broken out in rattle in the- I'rovince of Corrientes, Argentine Jle inililic. . Tho Victorian Government intend to submit a Uill Vo provide for the compul sory purchase ot land for closer set tlement. „ , The Kev. J. V. M'Nair, of Geolong, uas on Tuesday elected moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly of ?ictoria. During the past few days no less than 3d insulators have been broken 011 the telephone lino between Cororooko and Coruuniin. lu London at the Koyal Knneral on Friday 10,000 infantry and 2,000 eavnl ry wil'l line tlio streets with bowed heads ami weapons reversed. ' J he men employed' on tlio Warragul shiru's stone crusher, who receive 1] a day. have struck work. The council re luio to give a 1/- a day more. Improvements to the Melbourne cat tle and sheep yards, which are estimated to cost £13,500, were approved of by the Citv Council on Monday. The steam cutter "Cleopatra" crush ed into and sank the trawler ••Windsor Castle," in the North Sea, and 7 of the crew of the trawler were drowned. A lighter, containing more than 30,000 fire bricks, sank in 32 feet of water in Darling Harbour on Monday night. The cause of the mishap is a mystery. The want of water at Moe lias brought the kangaroos close in to the town, and tile, running ot tlio Moo-Walliulla railway has also disturbed them. A dividend of nearly £174 to each player and the manager, in addition to all "expenses, is the unancial result ol the tour of the last Australian Eleven. The Countess ot Dudley arrived on Tuesday morning at Freinantle from London in the Usterley much benefited by the voyage, but not fully recovered: "It is announced that every shop in .Nice, the fnshiounble watering place in the south of France, will be closed on the day of the funeral of King Kd.vutd. At a meeting of tho State iixecutivo Council, authority was given to the Warrnambool Town Council to raise a loan not exceeding £4000 for gasworks. The Queen .Mother was a Danish prin- Lt-s.-, and 1000 Danes, including many In^ii olticials, have started lor Eng land in order to attend the Koyal Funer al. An inter-State conference has been cuuveuMi for the purpose of bringing almut unilormity in Uie standards ol pure foods throughout tliu Commou nvaith. ■Jhe Warrnambool Choral Society is now nriuly established. Miss Vera J'at tcrsou, A.T.C.L., has been appointed to the position of accompanist and solo pianist to the Society. \\\\. Dwyer, first- class police sergeant lias been appointed sub-inspector; J. 11\. Harris, second-class sergeant, to be first-class; J. F. Maher, bcuior-coustable to be second-class sergeant. The Governor-General of Australia has been inlormed by tho Secretary jl Slate that the Umpire Day celebrations need not be abandoned oil account ol tile public mourning. The ex-l'resideiit of the United States -Mr. Itoosevelt has arrived in l^iiidoii from Germany-, King George granted him an audience at Alarlborough House which lasted for an hour. Tho will of James Howling, late of Colac, grazier, was lodged for probate on 'luesday. He leit property coiibisl ing of £4,450 realty, and i'-)IL person ally to his wodow and children. lu the District Court at .Melbourne on Tuesday, Uobert Morton, of the steamer Dollar, was lined i"l(?J for each ol two Chinese who had landed and dis appeared as prohibited immigrants. in Sydney -the I'rimatu (Archbishop WrightJ will preach a memorial sermon at the combined naval and military ser vice in the Centennial I'ark on Friday, in which over 40U0 troops will partici pate. Uy Order in Council the Victorian Stale Cabinet agreed that all State em ployes, including casuals and btate coal miners, should oe- paid in lull for Fri day, the public holiday for the King's Itmeral. Thousands of Danish women have -igned an address of sympathy to tho i.'iu-en Mother Alexandra, anil the in habitants ot Denmark, are bi-udiiig to Kngland a gold wreath and shield nine l?muds in weight. 'Jhe premises of J. S. Grassick and Co., Dubbo, N.S.W., were broken into on Saturday night. The safe was blown ?j>eii with dyuamite, and i'-H) stolen, but only i'.l.j of that amount was in i.isll tho balance being cheques. At the meeting ol the .Murray Cabinet it was decided to re-introduce the El ectoral Bill to place the fetate enrol ment on the same basis as the C'omon ueakh system. It will not provide for preferential or compulsory voting. lu France M. Fallieres, I'resiJeut of the Hepublic, will attend the Anglican .senice to be held at the British km hassy Church on Friday. The acadam ies of sciences, and arts and other li.nl les will be represented at the mem i.i.ii ceremony. Victorian civil servants referring to the proposed increase of pay of the pub lic servants of New South Wales, say that on the whole the Stato employes iu the senior State, are paid higher than in Victoria, but that it is difficult "to make comparisons, as the grading is different. The Victorian railway revenue for .March amounted to £440,942, the high est ever received for one month. From July 3 to April 30 tlio receipts total led £3,753,1V0, being an increase of £190,383 on the corresponding period for the previous financial year. •Dr.Bennott .Clarku:H}do,>At lV"isfia City, U.S.A., gii aqlin'nje o£m>?donng his wife's uncle,l'liifd attempUmj to mur (ler"othermemuersol henaimly by in oculating them witli ~ rlyphoid 1 germs; has--been sentouced'" to.r.'imprsi n-| nient for life. :■■■■■:■:•.■■ ••■\;V;V..- '/'-i ' Tho sentences.nu the r N.S.JV...striKo prisoners were nioditied nt"a meeting of tho"Cabinet" on'Monday.,.,four of tlicm aro'to bo released ;I.at* onco, while a. hiinibof of others'have-had' theirs sen tences-reduced. Howling is to bo re-; leased after ho has served twelve mouths The drawing of the Eight llours Art Union resulted as follows:—First prize, !H,751: second; 131),7SO; third, L"J,OlO} Juifrth, 3'J,ls<; filth, 20,024; sixth,! U0',151 :-< seventh, 10J.IKJ3; cignth,>:&),' G52: ninth, llj-.'.WJ; toith, 3U,801; el eventh, UU.-IUO; twelfth, 105,330. ~ At the inter-btate Fire .Brigades' Con ference on Tuesday Mr. Lee, Chief Olli cer of the Metropolitan Urigade, read a paper urging stringent building regula tions limiting the size of buildings. Ho referred to tno growing danger arising from bazaars.in crowded emporiums. . The liiitter Factory Jlauouors' j Con ference was formally opened 011 Tuesi day by tile Premier, who referred to the necessity of consen'iiig the best in terests of the industry so as to enable, tho Victorian product to hold its own with the best :uuttcr in this, world. In tlf Warruambool district the mild i......... 1 •:!••, iirriiiupanied by the fre^ quenl, ligiu .. '.■ ....-in'-I:-to, lias made a marked diueiencu 111 tue outlook of district dairying and agriculture. . lhu grass is making .rapid growth, while newly-sown crops look very promising. Mr.. Keir Bardie, M.P., the well know Labor leader,1 speaking at Lille, said that religion had made him a soci alist. The churches wore now becoming more.sympathetic to Labor. • lie added that behind Nature was a Power un seen but felt, and a world of reality be yond death. '. In reply to enquiries by tho State Labor Council, tho Water Commission state they aro compelled, to seek irri gutioiiists from abroad owing to the lailuio of Victorians to.take up the blocks offered. The whole system of irrigation must continue to be a costly lailure unless tho action proposed by them for development of the areas is taken. ■■ - " .Mr. Lee, Minister.for Public Works, (N.6.W.), in Sydney said that laud tax ation was the sole prerogative of the rftato, and should never be interfered with.- "1 view with grave concern," lie added, "the Federal (jovernmeut's in troduction of a progressive land tax. 1 fear for local government and as to how the shires will derive their reveu; ue." ; An Italian named Xisiaut has been convicted at New York on a charge of tempting to extort JL'3,OOO from Signor Caruso, the famous operatic tuuor, by threatening him with death if ho de clined to pay. Tho accused, it is al leged, is a member of the dreaded lllack Hand Society, lie was awarded an in determinate sentence of from 3\ to 7J years imprisonment. On a charge of vagrancy a man who gave his name as David Elliott was locked up at Warnambool on Tuesday. It is alleged that the accused—who is saitl to be really a nomadic —gavo forth at various stores that ho was a grazier from Darlington, that he ordered wine and spirits to be forwarded Ui his dom icile, and took away with him a bottle of whisky as a sample. Speaking at a special elfort 011 be halt of the home mission fund of the Jiallantt Anglican diocese, JJisbop Green said that 5U parishes were being assis ted with grants froiu the fund, and the support 01 it was therefore imperatively necessary. In the diocese there were &i;,OOO persons who wrote themselves down as Anglicans, but the total contri butions to tlie fund la?t year amounted to only a trille over 3d. per head fqt that number. This was so much below the average that clergy had been with drawn from three places, lay readers being substituted for them. At the last meeting of the Warrnain, boul Town Council a letter was read from tile Australian Patriotic Movement Perth, containing a lengthy resolution in regard to Empire Day, to substan tiate the facts that Australia was the birthplace nf Empire Day and its prin ciples, and that its originator was F. Lyon Weiss. It was requested that the Council pass the resolution and have it signed by acqiiiesing Councillors. (A pencilled footnote stated that Mr Weiss had twice been a citizen of Warrnambool as a master, and head-master of the (•rammar School). The matter was left in the. bauds of the Mayor. 