LONDON LETTER. A »-s- , , - \ - /. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) (i the king opens. parliament. , I v.; LONDON, February 25.—' The touch.of the' gro- ! Jesque, Inseparable In . these times from tbo' foyal procession to the opening of Parliament, was this year more than usually pronounced.; 1 The excitement in Parliament as the hour of . ! the King s Speech approachod reached, a height j scarcely paralleled since the historic occasion on which the Commons nwalted Peel's utterance I on tbo, repeal of tho .com laws. Lords and . commons and a brilliant assemblage of spccta- i tors frottod impatiently, for the arrival or King / ; Edward. Meanwhile their Majesties, seated in | their antiquated coach, attended by. a number I g otbor ' coaches equally antique, wero I pacing serenely down the long lines of loyal ana I amused . spectators. We are surely approacii- . I ing the. end of theso processions. Even the 1 'Londoner, tho mbst- conventional of thinkers, \ 1 'who has been used to these old conveyances and ' their amazing furnishings, is moved to laughter 1 bs tbey pass him by. And if it is not as Im- J . jrcsslve as it should bo to the Londoner," its , effect on tho matlcr-of-fact colonial is aito- "gctber demoralising. Ono day tho humor of it i | nil will strike certain people in high' places, i and we- shall probably llvo to see tho King | skimming down from Buckingham Palace to | .Westminster in an electric car, or at least be- 1 bind a couplo of smart upstanding horses. ' j 1 'The excitement In tho House: may be gathered I from the slip mado by Admiral Sir Henry Ste- Ppbenson, Gentleman-Usher of tho Black Rod, a I magnificent individual in full uniform freely I (domed with medals and orders, whose duty it ! 'is to command- the attendance of the Commons j in tbo House of Lords to hear the Speech from ( -tho Throne. On Monday Sir Honry clean for- ; got tho presonco of the King, and summoned j tho Commons to "hoar tho Royal Commission | rend'." The King looked in excellent health, a | fact noted with. satisfaction by those who re- ! | memborod that- on tho opening last year his j condition was; causing no littlo anxiety. And I evidently his Majesty felt as well as ho looked, i for before leaving the Houso he had tho court ! photographer summoned and photographs taken I of Queen Alexandra and himself in their Stato robes. Six years had elapsed since similar photographs were, taken, . SIR GEORGE REID'S OPPORTUNITY. J Str Gcorgo Roid, when ho arrives next week, I cannot fail to be gratified at the widespread , interest awakened by Ills assumption of office. , 'The papors.havo been marked by a large num- I bcr of notices of the most cordial description, i 'and there is no doubt that Sir Gcorgo is to ; cujoy for some time at least tho privilege, very I rhro in London, of having his speeches reported | verbatim. During the past few weeks Captain j Collins has boon busy 'arranging dates for tho I various luncheons, dinners, and other enter- I tainmeuts which representative London bodies I desire tO' give In tho High Commissioner's I honor. The curiosity aroused on the point of ! Sir Gcorgo's felicity, of nftor-dinner speech Is ! very interesting. London has a great weakness for the brilliant after-dinner speaker. Just now, with tho exception of- Lord Rosebery, there is perhaps no one who takes a high posl- Ition in that particular branch of oratory, and thus Sir Georgo Roid. appears to have n chanco of attaining distinction very easily. One of I London's foromost Journalists who is familiar I perhaps /with, ovcry Anglo-Saxon speaker liv- | ing, expressed tho opinion to me this week that ! be would be disappointed if the new High Com- ! missionor did not immediately become as.popu- \- lar with the London public as was that famous j American Ambassador, Mr. Choate. This is ! indeed a sanguine anticipation, for Mr. Choate I during- his- sojourn in London a few years ago ' was not only reported fully by the London ; press, .but was quotod freely all over tho world, j When all else about Mr. Choate has boon for- ! gotten ho will live in the delightful reply ho ; mado when asked who lie would like to be if lie ! cpuld live again. "Mrs. Choato's second hus band," iio said instantly. Another shrewd ob- ! server prophesies that Sir Georgo Reld" will j bo ensily tho most picturesque and eilectlvo personality among cither, tho ambassadors or the Imperial representatives in London. Hither to' Lord Stratbcona lia3 bad no rival among the representatives of Empire, but Ills supremacy is now deemed in imminent danger. . j Captain Collins, acting under instructions from tbo Commonwealth Government in Mel bourne, has recently inaugurated an active ad vertising campaign. Advertisements have been i placed ' in- the "Dally Mall," the "Daily j Chronicle," and other newspapers in London and ! tho provinces, setting out briefly the class of ! emigrant desired by Australia. Ouo of these \ advertisements, and ouc which may bo taken as ; a fair sample, is as follows: — . u ;.„v AUSTRALIA WANTS: i. . 1\. MEN WITH CAPITAL to take up land. ; . . 2\. I-'AKM LABORERS. i ... . ... ; a. DOMESTIC) SERVANTS. . ,, t ... ... . I ' AUSTRALIA OFFERS: I 1. TO FARMERS— Cheap land on the easiest terms; I - rich soil; expanding markets; an attractive life, iv 2. TO FARM LABORERS — From 15s to XI a week, 1 . with an increase to 30s and S5s for the harvest i . months. Doard and lodging provided by employers | ' free. I 3. TO DOMESTICS— From 10s to £1 a week, with I hoard'and lodging. ; -' ASSISTED STEAMSHIP PASSAGES. Tbo response has been extraordinary. Not | only have letters como in to the Commonwealth .. oDlco from all parts of tho United Kingdom, but j tho ofllco has been beset day after day by scores of eager applicants. Tho procedure followed is for the officials to supply those who appear eligible with "literature" about Australia, and to advise them to apply at tho State agencies which appear most likely to glvo favorable con- 1 sid'eratlon to ' their ease. Roughly, about a hundred applications a day have been received during tho past fortnight. Unfortunately it has bccomo at once apparent that, despito the spe- ciflc character of tho advertisements, many of tbo applicants aro other than farmers, farm laborers, or domestics. Nevertheless, they have bepu, on the whole, a presentable, promising lot, and tho result of this initial advertising on anything approaching a comprehensive scalo- must bo regarded as highly satisfactory. It shows at once that a vigorous policy of pub licity will pay, and that for some time at least there nood bo no fear nbout exhausting the supply of British emigrants. TEN SCOTCH FARMERS. The arrangements havo now been completed by the Commonwealth Offica in London for the visit of ton Scottish farmers to Australia. Tho delegation, which is representative of a large section' of Scottish agriculturists, will travel uuilor tho direction of ' Mr. J. M. Hodge. It was Mr. Hodgo who took tho Scotch delegates to. Canada recently, and, in fact, some of the delegates ..to tho Dominion aro among the ten .who are proceeding to Australia. ; Thus they should be enabled to placo beforo Scottish 'farmers information of the highest value bear ing upon the comparative merits of the two big countries which arc seeking immigrants. Cap- lain Collins is at present endoavorlDg to .ar- raago with some of tho delegates to writo a ! weekly 'description of their trip through tbo , ! various States, with a view to its publication in ' as' many papers as possible in Great Britain. ' Having taken this step, tbo Commonwealth and ! tho States should consider tho sending of Aus tralian farmers as delegates to tho United 1 Kingdom. As is generally known, Canada has I been sending her farmers here for some time Co 'travel about -the country and work in con nection with her emigration officers. Last week I', met ono of thes'o men in the Highlands, and , after: talking to. htm and hearing of his suc- cess among British farmers, I was much im pressed by the scheme. - Doubtless tho Aus- tralian Governments will give tho matter their consideration, although In this, as in nil of our ' immigration work, the necessary expense is considerably hlgkor than for Canada. i FESTIVAL OF EMPIRE. ! ' The. luncheon given at the Savoy Hotel this . Week to roprosontatlvo Emplro Journalists, tho Mayors of London boroughs and others, by tho promoters of tho Festival of Empire proved very successful. These Imperial gather ings increase in both number and significance. Ot course the aim of this luncheon was directly i to . interest pressmen . In tho big carnival to come oft at CryBtal Palace during tbo summer months; but, like similar functions in recent times, it had an interest quite beyond the .-.Festival. London is: never more . impressive than when it is represented- on ono of these occasions. Nearly everybody present was a resident of tho great metropolis, and yet it would havo been difficult to have named a portion of tho Empiro anywhere In tho world which had not one of its native-born present. Rome nnd Grceco in their palmiest days could never muster nn Imperial assemblage such as this. Tho toast of tho "Empire," moved by tile chairman, tho Earl of Plymouth, was -re sponded to by tlio Duke of Marlborough, and a member of tho Capo Colony Parliament,. who, after bravely declaring that bo had not a- drop of English blood in bis veins, spolco in the most natural way of Great Britain as his Mother Country. London knows when -to cheer. "I am a Dutchman," added tho man from tho Cape, and tho storm of acclamation lasted for two or. three minutes. Later wo had tho presi dent bf.tho Historical Committee of tho Fos- ' tlval, who, after some reference to tho London of the early Britons, told of a conversation he had been holding during lunch with Mr. Kirkpatriclc, the agent for South Australia. Mr. Kirkpatriclc had informed tka historian that the population of Australia was four and a third millions. His friend, as became a Londoner, replied tluit there wero moro people than that in the grout metropolis itself. "Ah, yes," . said Mr. Kirkpatriclc; "but then Aus tralia also has 100 million morino sheep." So went tho speeches and tho conversation all up and down the tables. The man on your right would talk of tho crisis at St. Stephens, aud tlio man on your left would gtvo you reminiscences of Papua aud discuss tho pros pects of tho big developmental company now floating. Moro good to tho Empiro comes out of these luncheons and dinners than out of any number of Imperial lectures and books. Tho Pageant of London, which is to ho tho great feature of the Empire Festival, promises brilllaatly. No less than 15,000 London citizens will take part in it, and tho' presentation will extend over thrco days. The flrst part will show tlio ancient Britons in their •settle ment on the River Fleet beforo tbo coming of the Romans. Then in successive scenes will follow London in tho hands of the Romans, the coming of Christinnity. the Danish invasion, the Norman conquest, tho winning and granting of ci7ic freedom, London's palladium and tho age of chivalry. Parts 2 and 3 enrry the grand story down from tho days of tho Canterbury Pilgrims to the final scene to ho participated in by tho colonial delegates, "Tho gathering of the oversea dominions round tho Mothen Country." SUNSHINE IN LONDON. One of the features of the London press is its loyalty to tho old Town. This week, how ever. the "Daily News" is moved by tho appar ently interminable stretch of grey, damp wea ther to break a record and tell a story against London. It was a raw January day, and tbo Eastern gentleman on the top of tho 'bus looked decidedly uncomfortable. After ho had alighted a passenger turned to tho driver with the re mark, "That was a Parsec." "What's a Par- see?" asked the driver. "A Parsec," explained the passenger, with tho air of ono who knows everything, "Is a man who worships tho sun." "Well," remarked the driver thoughtfully, "I, reckon ho's over 'ero for a 'oliday."- 