SYDNEY. May 5. During a sermon at Bega, Archbishop Kelly dealt with Freemasonry, which he said reduced religion to a- cult of reason, and looked to the square in preference to the cross. After dealing generally with the subject, Archbishop Kellv added, ''Can they stay the tides of evil wliieh flow from their cult of reason? The only features of which are divorces, raco suicides and class antagonism. It is n public calamity that such a society should rear its head iu our midst. ' A phenomenally heavy thunder-storm was experienced in the city to-night. Tho tram service Was disorganised owing to tlie fusing of the cables, while the subur ban telephones also suffered. Cookjs stables at Ultimo were flooded. The horses had to be hurriedly released for safety. Several were captured later, but 20 are still at large. * George Tenter Sullivan, a butcher, re siding at Leichardt was found in his bed ro;mi to-night with two bullet wounds in his side. He -died almost immediately after being found. Andi-pw Snnmel. rasidini? at leichardt. made an unsuccessful attempt to commit suicide to-night by cutting his throat aud swallowing a solution of ma+'h heads. May 6. At the instance of Captain Allen, the Labour Council has appointed a deputa tion to wait on the State Labour party to urge an amendment of the Navigation Act. The timber men on strike at C'ffs harbour have been notified of a reduction of hours under the Wages Board award. They will resume woifc on Monday. In view of the statement regarding the Government's interference with trial by jury for the first time, Air. Wade states that th?re has been no limitation in the ))ast. At the annual meeting of the British Empire League yesterday, in .t3ie annua] report it was stated that it was intend ed to help the British immigrants on their arrival in Australia. i here are indications that the present supply of artesian water in the Coo r.amhle district, is diminishing. A meet ing last night decided to ask the Govern ment to appoint a Royal Commission to investigate the matter of a fresh snnnly. The Minister for Works told a depntn tion yesterday that the Govemra^t had derided to build a railway to Pilht«ra, and the Cabinet would determine which was the most suitable route. The teller it the Cnrri Curri Bank who was Attacked recovered, but shows signs of hi*; nnltroM.ment. Tlie cash has been examined and found correct. Additional recpipts bring the +otal amount of the Hospital Saturday fund to £7.889. v A public meeting is to be held In ^he School of Arte to-nicht to discuss the ne*cs«aty for an effective voting system, and to 4ntrnr'«a''ipputajrnn te -.'the Pre effective votingsMlBrto^at adopted mStary 'ialJnu- party waited cn the' Minister for-Jnstioe to-day and present ed a petition 'from the mining community and VoiSiers' generally asking for the re lease of the imprisoned .strike leaders.. The Minister promised that the pe^itj^n ' wouid be brought befofe the Cabinfet. He remarked .that the imprisoned men -were, of iwo clA&ses;, men wha had been convicted of offcrices against-, the Indus-, trial Disputes Act nnd others nh^- had entered into a Conspiracy in dtfianoe of , the compion lav. However, if the Government were' able to do anythuig the matter would l-c reeon^ideretj. : . ' There, are anxious enquiritp about the . Danish barque Princess Mnrie, of 1,^8 tons. ' which is 93 days out from Sydney to Bmoky Bay:1 Tlie vesael ' arrive'd ;a.t fedney on February^ 17th , from, South America'. : After' waiting off the pott; for b. couple of days the captain was . in- structed to' proceed to Smoky Bay. and load whoai. The barque Loch KatHne, from Melbourne to Sydney, has not been, reported since April 23i j. The vessel has the reputation of being a fast sailer and her non- appearance is causing com ment. While sweeping a bathroom at the Narrabri 'Hospital yesterday the matron found secreted in a crevice a roll of batik notes. The owner, it is supposed placed ?tliein there and died without malting known their hiding place. The commit tee are advertising for the owner. Tlie large store which the Department of Home Affairs is about to erect on Darling Island will cost oyer £30,003, and will be composed of Footscray blue stone. This probably is the first occasion on which Victoria stone has been taken to Sydney for a public bnilding. .Several cases of cargo broaching were Reported to the police during the time the steamer Drayton Grange was dis charging .in Sydney. The detectives are iurestigating the matter, and os a re sult they arrested a man and charged him with being concerned in thefts. The detectives asked for a remand till Tues day next, which was granted. Some finger prints have been sccured of the case and its contents, and the d_eteotives are expected to make an arrest in conse quence. This is why a remand has been asked for. On Thursday afternoon tlipy. arrested a second man charged with being concerned in the theft of the Dray ton Grange's cargo. He was also re manded till Tuesday. Edward O'Brien, D.S.O., aged 53. for cmljezzlement of X'll whilfe Crown Land Agent at Forbes, was sentenced to tw- years, the sentence being suspended under the First Offenders' Act. O'Br en served with distinction in South Africa. During the hearing of a ca«e a China man stated that a 'ring of Chinese bad offered £100 to anyone who would mur der the Chinaman who gave informa tion to the police in the recent gambling ease. MELBOURNE. May 6. A complete modern telephone service is to 1)0 available to subscribers, in Mel bourne when the new exchange is ready. At a meeting of the provisional com mittee of the Commonwealth Protec tionist Association it was stated tliat Arrangements were in hand for t*ie es tablishment of branches in New South Wales arid South Australia at at early tjate. A. number of differences between the State Ministrv nnd some of its suppor ters was settled at a conference last lHftlitif itLjJKSard to the land tax. It is jiuderitoflff\hnt in view of the absolute .certainty of a tax being imposed by the Federal Government, whose first object is to burst up. large estates the tax to be im]K)sed by 'tlie State will lie primarily a revenue one. Graduated redwtrqns in the city will be done away with. The amounts will not be so high as formerly. -—It is understood that tlie Government 'ufals decided I wit tlCK-M^te. a State mpno [Kjl.v on the Ponlctt coalfield. 