THE COW. „ 9QtttMrS CltAT OAIRYMEN. COMING T0 AU8TNAUA. : MTCcazle-Mend misaloa was truc- ««fal la meetiag a coni<3erabte num- ter of prospective emigrante fro» Denmark for Acztralbi. T ht€ people bzre not been &bip-; ped airay beeaa» there are no bertha available for them to' the steamers. So 'many toarfreds of emigrants are hock ed for Australia that aU the berths have been bespoken for several months -to come Bet the Danes, vrbea they come here, vrfll briny an Invaluable knotted of expert and ecor.ora'.o dairy farming. Denmark bis been glvea over largely to the production of butter for th-e London market, and by scientific management has marvc-Iiouriy increased the milk yield of her dairy catUe, Some Interesting facts to regard to Danish dairying methods have beer, collected by ilr B. Hansen, ol the Arm of Hansen. Farreil and Co., of this city, who has just returned from Den mark, where he acted as a spccUl agent for the MKenzie- Mej\d r r..':.vr. ' when It visited that count rj'. HIGH AVERAGE. The rr.o«t striking point aV-u: dairy- \- j'ng in Denmark," said Mr ibr.vn, ' '! tho extraordinary high average ji'rM that the Danish dairy farmer obtains from his hc-rd. compared .vi-n t . average In other countries ilk Aus tralia, v%-:c, la scite of much more favoraM natural conditions, the yXd Is low. But we have the capacity cf improvement, and the Danish immi grants win be able to show us the «ay. Tbe htob milk yield of Dar.bh h'-r.b- has not been achieved by any secret or marvellous procers. It ha.s brought about simply by following a sy>:cm.i.:c course of breeding and ferdir.g. Tr.r.-;ty or thirty years ago the average milk yield of a Danish farm was trorr. :/v) to lbs of milk a cow a year. Any thing less than 70v; Iba of milk, a co-.r \- » year is now thought unsatisfactory on a wcli-worfced dairy farm, and more . than 12.M0 lbs a year a cow is ciur. obtained. "The method of s-tork Improvement —has been evolved by tho v.or:d-farr>/us cow-testing societies of Denmark. "When one of these organisations 1? formed the membership conrlats P> or ZO Urmtn. Tney appoint a Fuper- visor, "paying hi m either a fixed salary or so much a cow. This offlclal's work la to visit the dairies regularly to test and weigh each cow's milk. A record -is kept on the farm of tr.e test.-, to- getfter with particular of Lrcl!ng, .. .feeding, "and to forth.' Gc.dd by :h records the farmer can select the right kind of cow to breed from, and weed out unprofitable Block. The supervisor also kecpit a record of t.-.c local butter factory's prvcucti, whether tho factory -ben co-operative or a proprietary con cern. This would be useful in Victor. in establishing a mutual understanding 'between bu>er and seller, where r.o v much confusion and doubt exist. NO STATE AID. _.,The moat remarkable feature of ;he Itenlsh societies Is that they receive so State aid. This fact appealed strongly to your Special Cccnrabfloncr when In Denmark. The Danish farmer prefers :o pay the eost of Inspection himself and b® "iftdependeat." and It has paid the country to "leave him alone." Interest In Improving the milk yieW is also stim ulated by means of competitions he.d tor the societies. The supervisor's re- ebrdare ' coltect'.d by the governing body and published yearly for tne gu« dance , of -all its membenf, and a fine competitive spirit U In this manner Es tablished throughout the whole indus- try.VPartlcular« arc given In the re cords of each farm, herd, quantity ami kind of fodder used, total and average milk, yield and results of butter fat tests. 'Ot the hundreds of such reports published. Jet ice 'take that of the Bel- Ihgl and District Cow Testing fiocl vty, aoptrviMd by Mr H. Xtlwn. Here are enrolled 31 dairies with a total of Z'A cows, of which <5 were past their flrst "and 27 paxr their second calving. The .. best averuge return from ono farm was U.C72.li. of milk per cow, giving a test of ZM per cent., or 2-.l!>. of butter fat a cova The lowest average "return from a single farm was f,'z2-/A> .per co 7J of milk, giving a test of 2/>t -per-cent. of butter fat a tow for the twelve months. while the average for the whole soclc-ty, Including heifers, t'-c.. of The '204 milker amounted to tho grand ave rage return of S4TS1b. of milk, tehtlng nt 3.58 per cent, or ZW-\h. of butter fat a cow for the 12 months ending ..m "A further example worth mention ing is frcci the societies' return of the yield from cows entered singly in com petition, One cow, 'Karlo,' belonging to Mr M. Hansen, of Hoyhaven, In the same district as that mentioned above, when Ave years old, in 1M7 yielded liwflb. of milk with a 2.13 per «-nt. test, or 4411b. of butter fat. Thl return "doc not constitute a r»cord for :i alnabr .year, hut is among the highest. The same cow, in the following year, pro duced 13.4221b, of milk, with a 3.23 per cent, test, or 459,.£!b of butter fat; and test year she gave 12,7331b. of milk with a.ICo per cent, tent, or 541 , 41b. of but- , tcr fut. "Mr Hansen says emphatically that farmcra accustonted to dairying on uch scientlflc method as tho Dane. will make a wonderful advance In the in dustry when they settle In Australia, where the natural condition are rnuvh .-euWlor to those of Denmark. 