?VICTOBIAN DELEGA TION. BANQUET IN LONDON. LONDON, August 31. Victorians m London to-day gave a fare well banquet at the Gaiety Restaurant to the Victorian Minister for Lands (Mr. McKenzic) and Mr. Elwood Mead- The emigrant missioners intend to sail for Ame rica on Saturday. Lord Goschon presided over a gathering of 150 people, who included leading Lou don commercial men, financiers, and mer chants. Among those who attended were Sir Charles Lucas (Assistant Under Secretary aud head of the Dominions Department at the Colonial Office), Sir John Taverncr (the Agent-General for Victoria), Mr. Robert Reid and Mr. Lionel Robinson (of Victoria), the Agent -General for South Australia (Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick), the AgentrGeneral for Tasmania (Hon. Dr. McChII), the Acting Agent-General for Western Australia (Mr. Reginald Hare), Mr. T. G. Russell, and Mr. Nivison (the well-known London financier). The Chairman said Great Britain wel comed the delegation, and did not begrndgu losim? immim-Anfj; sim-p ihpv ^nn]J foster the Inijxrial spirit, among all classes in Australia. Sir John Cockburn. formerly Agent G«Eeral for South. Australia, in proposing the health of The guests,' remarked that Messrs. MeKcnae and Mead were engaged in an imperial mission, solving tho problem of tbe adjustment, of tbe population of the Empire. Mr. McKenzie, in reply to the toast, said the press, people, and authorities in Great Britain had welcomed him and his col league most generously. They bad not suggested that Victoria was robbing this country of the flower of her manhood. The fact that Great Britain imported 60 per cent, of her foodstuffs, of which Australia sent 3 per cent., alone justified the visit of the delegation to tie motherland. Mr. Elwood Mead, in acknowledginc the toast, observed that Victoria would Ik; satisfied with the number of highcha racter, thrifty, and energetic agriculturists whom they had secured for settlement in the State. He emphasized the importance of fostering small holdings, and instanced the large, yield of crop*--, particu larly of lucerne, in Victoria and other States. The grower in Aus tralia to-day would be the banker of Aus tralia in tbe next generation. The dairy men who bad been selected for the State would soon make Victorian butter as well known, as the Danish, by enabh'ng Aus tralia to supply Great Britain throughout the year. Sir John Taverner insisted on the ab sence of rivalry1 between tlie Australian States and the overseas dominions in immi gration matters. Mr. Charleton (Viee-President of the Chamber of Commerce), Sir John Bing ham, Bart, (head of the firm of Walker ond Hall, of Sheffield), and the Hon. J. M. Pratt, of Victoria, also spoke. ' 