DANISH SETTLER ENAMXJSED OF WESTERN AUS- TIRAiLlA. .•Atfter 12 years' service in . the Imperial \- ilaritime Customs of China, Mr. N. AV A. Nielsen decided to spend his furlough ou a trip to Western Australia. He was accompanied by his wife and children, the change of air and general surroundings suiting them admirably. . So greatly was Mr. Nielsen impressed with the aricultura! prospects of the great Western State of Australia that he applied for two . blocks of land, aggregating 1300 acres, eastward of Wath^rOo, • Mr.. Nielsen obtained the lajidj applied himself to its improT-esnriSb with such diligence that he became the recognised leader of settlers in all" parts of the district. A few days since he received intimation from the Chinese Government that ij,is furlough w;as curtailed, and that he would have to either report himself at headquarters or relinquish his portion. As*he oould not afford to sacrifice a highly lucrative appointment he was faced with the alternative of leaving the State or arranging for the development of his recently acquired estate by somebody else. Has wife, with, two young children and a nunsegirl—all' from Denmark—formed quite a small settlement in themselves ,but they .were unequal to the requirements of the agricultural settlement conditions. Besides, Mrs. Nielsen^ wished to be with her husband ahd iifter 'du^ cohsideration it was. decided that she should- remain in -the State, that her 'husband' should run home to Denmark" and meet , his mother at Heraing, proceeding to China afterwards by- steamer, "rail, aeroplane, or any other speedy means of locomotion. The foregoing incidents led to the pub lication of the following intimation in the "West Australian" of the 27th inst.—"On account of unforseen circumstances ,1 am Obliged to rfeturn to my official duties in the Orient, and I therefore respectfully bag to notify whom it may concern that I have now resigned from the chairmanship of the Nugadong j Dal wallinu • Hail way League and 'that I have also resigned ^ny o- fice of president of theDal^aUinuFann ers' Progress Association.—N. A. A. Nielsen." Yesterday morning Mr. Nielsen, a tall, well set-up military figure, ran lightly up the gangway of the P.' and. O, Maiwa,and laughingly assured some of i his fellow-settlers ''down to see him off" that lOiey had not ^efei the last of him. To a press representative he said-.— • • "Australia„-is a great country, and I personally prefer this State. It is a third of the entire Continent, and has absolutely unbounded resources. ilts dlimato, soil, and emiroamtflits gene rally are. simply urisurjiassablo. I am very sorry I have to loave it. After 12 years £n the Chinese Imperial service, the head of • which-was until recent a fine Englishman*, and now succeeded by another of the same nationality who promises to attain igqual •popularity^ I' t3ok two years' furlough The idea geizt-d me to come to Australia. <)fv •.all, 2>|sccs v I iknow Western Austraiia is the best for anybody who loves agri^uteire, horticulture, and all things pertaining to the'cultivation of the soil. The. conditions compared with other, countries, where there is> snow for several months, succeeded by blttex frosts, acre amply idyllic. I met the late Mr Green, the Herculean mining magnate, and on his recomloendatacn I' went up the Midland railway, where Iwasfinally charmed into, taking up some land. There was no difficulty "whatever in the way of my taking lip land. s I found the -officials of- the Lands Department courteous, most intelligent in interpreting my .requirements, and en passant the sameouloginm maybe applied all round ,to the civil service of - this State generally—so far -as my -experienoe goes." Md you select 1300 acres with the indention of becoming - a permanent settler ? . " •Of course I did, and what is more, _ have sent home "to Denmark many letters strongly advising agriculturists io seil out their little holdings of a few acres and come out-to Western Ausfcra lia, where they have such a' greater ohance for themselves and families. Splendid soil, good rainfall, lovely climate,, rapidly increasing facilities for securing products to all parts of the world-—why what in the name of reason could there be more inducement required?" But did not the Danish Consul-Gene raJ over in Sydney warn his Government to check emigration to Australia* .' ' . ' . "It is true that theCSonsul sent home •something to that effect, but it should never have appeared In a leading Danish newspaper the whole matter was -thrashed out, and on my arrival at Copenhagen I will give them my own experiences. • The supply of Danish papers in Australia, particularly in Perth ,is limited^ but if you could turn up a file of 'Vore Landsmoend i TTd- Lauded' the translation would be worth reprinting—that is concerning Australia and-, immigration. I will-only have 10 or 12 days in Denmark, then have to get back to Shanghai in tbe quickest possible time. My wife will remain here, and then join me at Colombo later on. • Afterwards, as soon as my arrangements with -the Chinese Government are completed I will re turn to this State, and perhaps purchase back/the land I am now forced to • relinquish. 5 Any prospect of opening up trade with China ? 'Not unless you institute a direct service between your Nor'-West ports with frozen meat. Chinamen are, great meat-eaters, and they are awfully-fond of fruit: They grow orangee-ot course you know mandarins—but Chinese gardeners -go in for vegetables almost to the exclusion of frtut, so if Western Australia could dfeveJop a_ trade in apples, frozen meat, biscuits, flour, anything in that way, something solid might eventuate,. Metals wool, and staple products of that kind have a world-wide market, and Australia knows all about Chinese products—especially those "on two legs. The mar ket for certain Australian commoditie is there and only wants nurturing. Any other possible market for West ern Australian exports? "Well, I understand you have plenty of sharks all round the coast-^hei 'fins and tails are dainties, and a Shanghai there is quite a big fleet o vessels engaged in shaffcfiglitmg. Don smile when 1 tell you that there is - Chinese millionaire who owes all h possesses to the tigers of the de?p I Then, you have plenty of beche-de-me —another valuable product of the se , Dried, the sfea- slug, or whateveryo . call it is worth £50 per ton. Othe - prodnete of that class may appe worthless to pearlers, but all the sam there is money in the game—sponges, for another illustration. Anything more?" There is a market you consider for fruit and frozen meat, beche-der-mer, sharks' fins, copper, eUj.? ''Most certainly. Italy, Turkey, and Arabia supply enormous quantities of fruit—mos^y' oranges and dates —during the months when your trees are", bare. Anything you can send in that way to fill in the blank season would' command top-side prices., You can easily find the proper months by shipping directly the fruit is ready— your, season is the reverse of all ooun^ • tries north of the. equator. Let me say how much I adaiir-a Western Australia—people, climate, and everything. Good-bye,- and I hope to get back and stay altogether after my time is. up with the Chinese^ Government. In v my department, which embraces Customs, posts and -telegraphs,' we have over 100,000 employees, and as China 5s growing more accustomed to European methods every day you can imagine our service'is ever' expanding." Mary had a little lamb, But it she could not keep; For ere a year had passed away It- was a, great big sheep. Then a haughty butcher came, Wise in the art of sham, \ And next .day on his counter . T5re sheep again was iamb. 