STATE PARLIAMENT. \ LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ADDI1ISS IN 11EPI.Y DEBATE. The first business in the Legislative As sembly yesterday was an announcement made by the Premier as to the action taken by the Government with resiect to the in quiry iuto the Richmond railway accident. The sitting was ehioliy devoted to the de bate on the Address in Reply to the Gover nor's Speech. ' Tiie debate 011 tlie Address was resumed by Sir Henry Weedoti, who said he desired- to got an expression of the opinion of the House on the proposed intention of the Government to proeced with the erection of a wooden structure at the Princes-bridge station. He protested against it as a use less waste of money. Premier: What were those buildings tlie City Council proposed to erect for the "hawkers to cost? Sir Henry Wcedon: We only wanted temporary occupation of tlie site. Tlie Premier: Would you have spent £5000? Sir Henry Wcedon said they would not have spent as much, but it would have been a fair amount. At a deputation to the .Minister of Rail ways 011 the matter tlie Chief Railway Coniissioner took charge . Minfstcr of Railways: I deny that. I invited liim to be present. Premier: tSa.v he seemed to take charge. (Laughter.) ' Sir -Henry Wcedon said he objected to tiie city having to put up with a shed for a railway station. The Railway Commis sioners said that the Princes-bridge station would lie painted to represent Sydney stone. That was another injustice to Mel bourne. (Cheers and laughter.) Better leave the place as it was' to-day than' waste money 011 a temporary building. He did not want to discuss the Richmond railway accident, but he thought it lind advanced tlio electrification of the railways, by five yours. Tlie Commissioners evidently . do-- sired to postpone electrification, but they would not he able to do so, as the. public would demand the- reform. - (Hearj- hear.) There was no spot in the city -which was put to such little use as the Princes-bridge station site. It would be a good business proposition to build shops and offices on the Flinders-street frontage. Tlie citizens' committee would build the station, and do tlie whole thing if necessary. Trailing to the question of public holidays he advo cated their reduction. Why should the whole business of the city be stopped be cause a certain section of the people want- ed to celebrate something? Premier: Shopkeejiers need not close un less .they like. Sir Henry Wcedon: The people have been fortunate enough to enjoy almost a "lifelong holiday. (Laughter.) Premier: .How many holidays do you want lopped off? You will give us one loyal holiday anyway. .Sir Henry Wecdon: Certainly, He wel comed the promised reorganisation of charitable institutions. A similar move ment to pi-event waste and expense was being taken at the present time in London. There was no mention of the income tax in the Governor's speech, and he assumed that tiie same amount would be exacted. He suggested that the New South Wales practice should be followed, and that peo ple should be allowed to make a simple declaration that their income did not ex ceed a certain amount. He iroped that the Government would give early attention to tlie Dental Bill. Mr. Hannah said lie had been sadly dis appointed with the conduct of the Govern-, nient during tlie recess. Members of the Mini-try, from the Premier downwards, hud shown a lack -of initiative. There had been no earnest attempt to. meet the requirements of the country. If the Walhalla electorate ivokc lip, and, in spile of the bad roll, returned a Labor member, the Ministry would be ruined. Ministers had made untrue statements in the electorate, and had not tlie" manliness to repeat them in Parliament. Mr. Hannah proceeded to read the sub- leader m yesterday's issue of "The Age," "which." lie said, "is of such great im portance that it should lie in 'Hansard.' ' The Government had no backbone, no capa city and no determination. It had bought the very expensive advice of Mr. Mcrz, and disregarded it. Mr, 'Prendergast: "Sooner or later. Mr. Hannah said that the Government had earned the title "Sooner or later." (Laughter.) It had allowed Victoria to re main in the worst position among the States— except- Tasmania— with regard to population. Tile straight cut should he made through to near Spencer-street rail ways. The cost would be nothing compared with the benefits to the whole State. The railway system in town and country must be Improved. Melbourne people had only to look bo tlie prosperity of Sydney's - Go vernment controlled tramways. The mis management by the present Commissioners in Victoria had been gross. The Chief Com- iiiirnioncr had been taken Tvom £900 a year in Canada to £3500 a year in Victoria, 'and yet the management was chaotic compared with that of twenty years ago. Many times during tlie last three years the public had been vei-y close to serious accidents of which tlie.v had heard nothing. Great cre dit was due to "The Age" for showing consistently and persistently how bail tilings were in tlie department.- During the last four years there bad been more railway accidents ill the State than in all the other States put together. Mr. Kcasl: More people killed. Mr. Hannah: And more of the men killed. Mr. Norman was a good man, and Mr. Fitzpntrick had grown up in .tlie de partment, and had been all right until Mr. Tait had bossed him. (Laughter.) Mr. Tait ran -the show — ran the Government, (Laughter.) The Minister of . Railways knew it, and did not bother. (Laughter.) Mr. Tait had made surpluses out of the flesh and blood of men and women. He was afraid that the proposed inquiry into the railway service would come to nothing, as some of tlie railway men would be afraid to speak. It was well known that many of the officials were working vei'.v long hours. He had received a large number of letters from men;, making com plaints. Not only were small wages being paid, but there was a great increase of lioy labor. The latter was one of the things that was responsible for much of the had .management on our railways. The Rail way. Commissioners were cheese paring; were trying- to cut tilings down, and, 111 fact, to make a surplus at the expense of the community. In addition to mail,- youlliH being placed in responsible posi tions, a large nnmlior of casuals was em ployed on .the .railwavs. He felt vcrv much . inclined to move - a straight out amendment on the matter. stating that Parliament was dissatisfied with the pre sent management ot the raillway6, in regard both. -to construction and administration, so as to test the sincerity of members who were complaining, and were yet winking at I the practice that was going on. The (set C that. Mr. Tait had necomc tac dictator of the railway service ..AJinister of Railways: : Do you advocate that the railways should come back to poli tical control? . -Mf- Hannah said lie did not advocate that, but he thought that more power should be vested in the Minister, who was rosjKinsible to the House. In regard to the question of the elcetSfieation of tlie railways, "we were behind the times, and there were great complaints in reference to 1 \i. 6erviRe n the suburban lines. In the northern suburbs men and Women ")Rre jammed . iuto insanitary dog boxes. No ettprt was being made to prepare trucks for tlie harvests. . The Minister of 'Raihvays: They arc mak ing 100 trucks a month. 'annali: And wearing out more than 100 a month. The- Richmond accident had disclosed a deplorable condition of things. Rotten carriages, unfit for the carringe -ot luiinan freight, had been smashed to pulp, while good carriages -withstood the shock. Not only was the rolling stock 'bad. but the number of trains was insufficient. Witli regard to the administration of Powlett coal field affaire, he desired to charge the Minister of Mines with having allowed 50 cottages to be built without having called for tenders. Not content with this and other' mistakes, the Minister had fixed tlie hewing rate so low that men could not earn more than from 3/6 to .5/ a day. Hundreds of helpless ntcu had thus been trapped. Ho claimed, that men on small holdings had not had a chance. The Govern ment should make bricks on the land, and with tlie much' aery reserved at Tliorubury, in order to 'reduce the present prices. I lie Government had done nothing to carry out its promise to proceed with the scheme for the improvement of the Yarra. Large .sums had been spent on tlie south bank of the river, hut nothing had beeu done for those ' portions where the poorer classes lived. The country was suffering from the lack of initiative on the part of those who were supposed to lead it. Last week a member had quoted some poetry by tlie poet Longfellow. He would give some that suited his views better — In the State's political rattle, Jn the wnick and in the strife, Be_a democrat of metal, iXot a Liberal blatherskite. (Loud laughter.) At the first opportunity the people would demand that a new order of tilings ' should prevail in this country. As a result of an appeal to the peoplo tliey would have a House sent back determined to do something, not simply Liberal blather skites, who talked nice things, and were all the time finding the best way not to do them. Mr. MLcod said that members sitting in the Government corner had been accused of having destroyed Liberal legislation. I hey had Dcen told about the generous sup port the Labor party bad given to tiie Government last session. Members in the Government corner had exercised their un doubted right to object to any legislation m which tliey did not believe. In regard to the land lax last session, they had said that it was premature, and had advocated the passing of a valuation bill. If that, bad been done the House would have had all the facts to enable it to deal with the question this session. During last session the members of the Ministerial corner gave the Government a just and generous sup- l'ort. This was shown by the record of the divisions. .They endeavored to make the Electoral Bill a perfect bill, and, right through, with tlie exception of the Land lax Bill, they had endeavored to secure the best legislation possible. Tlie ' generous and loyal support" given by the .Labor party to the Government last session reminded liim of the story of George It ., who often in his maudlin stages claimed to have won the battle o»f Water loo. When he. appealed for support from the Duke of. Wellington, that genera said. "I have often heard your Majesty say so." Supporters of the Government had "often heard the members of the Labor party say tliey had ('supported" tlie Government. That "Support" had been nothing compared with tlie support given by his (Mr. M'Leod's) party. The Government's policy in connection with Crown lands silbuld be changed. The Government bought high priced lands, and while 'the sea-sons and markets .were good farmers could pay the. high prices. But 'bad seasons ami low prices and a depreciation in the prices of land were certain to come. The Govern ment would then have to carry a largo body of public debtors, and the country would be in difficulties because of want of re venue. If 'the Crown lands wore opened up thev could be improved with water and sold cheaply, and a good class of men would be put upon them. ..Railways could be built at small cost with "the money. That policy should go concurrently with the purchase of estates. Farmers looked askance at irri gation, because on those small blocks. they had to avork day in and day" out all- the year, and they were not used to that;- He believed in assisted immigration. The States to p-hieh Victorian farmers were going were those which were prospering with imported immigrants, assisted by the Government. (Opposition dissent.) In liis electorate the German, Italian and Danish settlers were thrifty, frugal and industrious- men. Mr. Lemmon: You'll' want all their votes next election. (Laughter.) The Premier said that word had been re ceived that because of a dense fog all trams had stopped, and even motorists could not venture out. (Oh, oh!) As members could not venture out £hey might as well stop and continue 'the debate. (Ironical laughter.). However, on the- understanding that the debate would be finiffiied on Wed nesday, bo would consent to an adjourn ment. At 10.30 p.m. 'the House rose until 4.30 p.m. to-day. 