AGRICULTURE IN" NEW SOUTH WALES. -* Sir Carlaw Martin was undoubtedly right when in his speech at Adelaide he said that the Scottish Commissioners, in the course of their visit, had seen more of Australia than 90 per cent, of Australians. The Commissioners have had exceptional opportunities, and have used them with the energy and thoroughness of their race. It is usual for Australians to receive with considerable suspicion the impressions of writers who have spent two or three months in the country, and then publish the result of their observations. But this practice will be suspended in the case of the report of the Scottish Commissioners. Whatever form It takes, It is bound to ex- cite the liveliest interest in this country. Scottish farmers are the men we should prefer to attract and they are most likely to be influenced by the advice of their fellow countrymen. The report will therefore have a direct and important bearing on our immigration In the immediate future. Moreover, it is clearly apparent that it will contain many valuable hints to the local authorities by reminding them of matters which have been overlooked through being near at hand. It is not customary to go to Tasmania for suggestions for new methods of attracting settlers, yet the Commissioners found there the nearest approach to an ideal system for a type of country fairly common in this State. Generally, the report coming from men who have a vast fund of experience, but no prejudices or preconceptions, should give us just the advice we need and are too seldom able to obtain. As a rule in this State, and in Australia generally, there are too few sources of information for persons who wish to be informed about the state of the country and the methods employed in its development We have nothing to fill! the place intermediate between statements intended for advertisement and the annual departmental report-a place which in England is abundantly filled to the great comfort of students. A traveller who wishes to find out in detail what are the exact possibilities of the Northern Territory will find it hard to satisfy himself in the Commonwealth offices. He will find that he has an equally difficult task if he wishes to study the varied resources of this State, or the pro- press of our agricultural and pastoral industries. The "Agricultural Gazette" is a most useful publication, but is inevitably addressed most directly to the farmers, for whom it is Issued. The annual report of the department is a document that is not easy to procure, and which, as its name indicates, can only be properly understood if read with reports of a number of previous years. The report laid before Parliament during the week confirms the impression of the great change that has come over agriculture and agricultural methods within the last decade. Not very long ago agriculture was regarded and treated as one of the unskilled occupations. The dulness of the farmer's life had passed into a proverb, and given an adjective to the language. If experience was admitted to be essential to success It was treated as the kind of experience which is gradually assimilated, and cannot be acquired by any process of reason. The awakening was first caused by a knowledge of the results achieved in Denmark, and of the devotion of Danish, and subsequently of German farmers to education. In England the authorities found the conservatism of the farmers an almost invincible obstacle to the application of the new knowledge where it was most needed. The old doctrine, that what was good enough for the father must be good enough for the son was hard to dislodge, and still holds a large portion of the field. In Australia, where there were no such traditions to combat, the chief obstacles were the size of the holdings, the ca- spaciousness of the climate, the ease with which wealth was acquired in good seasons, and the apparent futility of attempt- ing to cope with a drought. Perhaps the first aid to education was the increase in the price of land, and the second the influx of farmers from other States. We are still far behind the Victorians in many respects if we may accept the evidence recently given before the Resumption Court, but the signs of progress are manifest everywhere, in the increase in experimental farms and agricultural schools, in the exhibits at the annual show in Sydney, and in the demands made by Mr. Anderson in his annual report The taxpayer will not be likely to grumble at the slight Increase in the expenses of administration. The money has been spent in bringing the district farms up to date at Glen Innes, Grafton, Wollongbar, and City, and in adding to the number of 'dc_S_H_ plots. The Under Secretary s manages these plots will be _cncr_i\K2 a claims that to show l" piebald of what is t«ui,htisf"rnndn;ea0: surest method of overcoming him he! trouser Üieso-e-JledluruhoWrpSt cal man In view of our projected nil" policy it is satisfactory to learn that not only do these plots now exist in "1 fmoüigdistricl in the State but that. has been established From the reef" nised "ten are i Mr Anderson's ster claims will be admitted with equal mi ness Pinn reason is well I,, tell "ITf", example of a m.lblibourina nation point, to the necessity of one, thing "an expert in irrigation and it provides, elements facilities for either- the Government his been advised is to engaging an export from quite well acquainted with the means for applying water to arid come, to me there seems no reason why the appointment should be del next Mr Anderson game is obt rously right In his admission that the department has been set in too much in expecting the managers of a periment of roads to be scientists experiment firsts and class-room teachers as well as practical farmers, There should dearly be ii p erection of functions if the best is to be got out of the far ms The suggestion that the Hawkesbury Collide should be affiliated with the Sydney University will receive a good deal of consideration It involves of course a great change in the standard of the college and in the departmental scheme of education. But If this change can be made without shutting out a number of students there are many arguments in its favor The University might well overcome its objection to students who do not attend Its lectures in favour of the college pupils who wish that part of the course at the college should help them towards the r B So he Uuhorsitt his already acknowledged its duty to the country by the appointment of Professor Watt, whose wander year has been of immense value to the farmers and who will begin to lecture next term there is abund mt evidence of the work awaiting him and his pup s. Australia has benefited greatly from discoveries made in other countries in recent years notably in the United States. But it is clear that she has many problems pc cut u to be rack which can never be set had by the application of 1<Ü,SOUS learned under other conditions these problems can only be attacked with any prospector success by men trained under university methods and with the university ideal of disinterested work before them 