LABOUR NOTES. iBy "Labcurist.")' The Meekatharra branch of the A.W.A. has decided to erect a new hall. The neces sary material has been purchased, and the work of construction will be started almost immediately. A referendum of the members of the Vivien Miners' Union has been taken, and a large majority decided .not to tender for or accept any' contract work underground. The Eastern Goldfie!ds Breweries' Em ployees' Union is seeking to arrange an in dustrial agreement with the managers of the various breweries, in that district. Complaints are being made by unions on the eastern goldfields that immigrants who have been assisted to Western Australia as farm labpurers are adding to the surplus labour competing for employment on the goldfields. The Boulder Miners' Union has protested to the Colonial Secr-etary against the laxity of the methods employed 'in Lon don in ascertaining the bona-fides of men applying for e.ssistance. The union de clares that there are enough mechanics, miners, and artisans in general without there being any necessity to assist others to come to enter into competition with .those already on the goldfields. The newly-formed Rural Workers' Union of W.A. held a very successful meeting at Kellerberrin last Saturday week. Addresses were delivered by Mr. H. Dhu, the secre. tary, and Mr. F. Gill, M.L.A. A consider able number of those present handed in their names as intending members. Fur. ther meetings will be held at Cunderdin, Grass Valley, Meckering, Dowerin, and other, agricultural centres. The ninth annual social of the Coolgardie Miners' Union was held in that centre during the week, when presentations were made to sAveral.mino stewards for volun tary services rendered on behalf of the union. The funds derived from these an nual entertainents go to the incidental fund, which is utilised in relieving cases of distress not covered by the rules Providing fori benefits. Among other matters discussed at the last ordinary meeting of the Eastern Goldfields A.L.F. was the financial statement of the "Worker" newspaper. The report shows that journal to be in a satisfactory posi tion. The announcement was made that an editor had been appointed to relieve the managing editor of the journalistic "duties hitherto undertaken. by'.him, and that during next September' the paper would be doubled in size. Consideration was 'given to the Industrial .Conciliation aiid Arbitra tion Act of Western Australia, and a spe cial committee was appointed to cosider suggested amendments 'and report to- the next meeting. It has been arranged to hold the annual council meeting of the Federated Miners' Union of W.A. at Menzies on September 27. Among the proposals for.consideration which' have been submitted by the Genetal Execu tive are the following:-=That the details in connection with the appointment of. ad vocate before the .Court of Arbitration he dealt with; that the Government le urged to pass a Public Trustee Act similar to. that in force in New, Zealand; that "the Federal Government be 'petitioned to givie effect to invalid pensions; and that the ques tion of 'establishing a wornout miners' fund be discussed. The Coolgardie' Braiich asks that steps should be taken by the union to secure the abolition of, contract work on mines, and that the Goveininent estab lish a sanatorii?m for miners tuitfering fros phthisis. Resolutions have been forwarded from the Kanowna Branch in favour of a movement for the amilgamatioi of all the miners' unions throughout W.A.; that tri buters on. mines who are . charged hinsur ance premiums should, in cases of accident, receive the full ;amount of compensation to which the premiums entitle them; that con. centration of labour on mining leases shouild not be granted 'where tributers are the only workers engaged; and that the council should use its, best., endeavours tb secure an amendment of the laws governing the right of employees to comipensation for in jurles."in the direction of securing a more liberal interpretation of the doctrine ..of common employment and the re-enactment of the liability clauses in the Mines Regula. tion Act. The. Gwalia 'Branch .has submit tedo a number of resolutions', dealing-. with the acceptance' of members unable,.t .read and l'write English, and also. the question of their employment underground. There are also a number of proposals dealin 'with the amendmenit of rules and 'the revision of those applying to thenpayment of capitation dues and 'accident benefits. The 'moral which is taught ,by the tram way trouble, and, in fact., by industrial disputes, which have preceded it. is that the present Arbitration Act must either be amended or otherwise 'the' griowing, opinion itha?B"it is?inadequi?" to deal' witb industrial. conflicts as they? arise 'must. eventually. lead to 'its abolition..The Arbitration Court has more than once declared that it is only authorised to fix the minimum wage forj he leass competent, and that while having no jurisdiction to dompel them, it.must leave it to employers'to pay higher wages to those of greater competency. Prior to the enactment Bf the Arbitration Act the mat ter was left to the hrbitrament of-the em ployers, the' ohly ?nethod of protest left tdo the workers being the strike, It was to avoid this that compulsory arbitration was advocated, and the principle fails in iis effect'in so far as the decision is still left to the employers. It 'was never.intended by the fi;mers of the measure that the powers of the Court should be !so restricted, and. this is one of the points on which legal interpretition has overridden lay intention. Among many amendments that have been proved to be necessary since the Act came into operation, it would appear that it is desirable to give the Court of Arbitration express powers to fix 'a standard wage in any industry. The Rural Workers' Union, which for . rma h1a hIn established in Victoria. is extending its rganising work into New South Wales, and a number of branches have been formed in that State. The, union is endeavouring to bring a case before the Arbitration Court,. when it is expected that' something definite' regarding wages and hours of labour will be secured for farm workers. Follcwing the example of the A.W.U. the subscription has been fixed at an annual contribution 6f 7s. 6d.1 and this includes the right to obtain the 3ournal of the union-the "Rural Workers' Gazette"-' free of cost for one year. The A.M.A. of Bendigo has enlisted the sympathy of the public bodies in that min ing centre in its strenuous endeavours to secure the erection of a sanatorium for the treatment of men suffering from miners' complaint. A representative deputation re cently waited on the State Government ask. ing for a grant of 80 acres of Crown lands near Bendigo, on which it is proposed to erect a sanatorium with accommodation for 20 patients. The State was also asked to vide a grant of £2,000, which would be argely supplemented by private contribu tions. In support of the request of the depu tation it was pointed out that while the ave rage death rate df Victoria from pulmonary complaints was one out of 1,250 of its popu lation per year, that of Bendigo was one out of every 454, and rmongst the miners it had reached the appalling rate of one out of 72 There has been considerable comment in English newspapers concerning the deporta. tion of thirteen emigrants from the Mid lands of England who went to Canada, but were returned by the authorities there in the same steamer in 'which they went out. The statement made by thd Canadian Gov ernment was that the men went out under engagement to a hosiery firm at Paris, Ontario. The men were deported because they failed to comply with the Dominion immigration regulations, in that they did not have sufficient landing money at their disposal, a requirement necessary for those who do not go on the land. It was added that the Labour Party in Canada had not been responsible for the action taken, nor had they interfered in this particular case. It would appear that the Canadian Govern ment refuse to be made an agency for the importation of cheap labour. The newly-establised scheme of labour ex changes in the United Kingdom stems to be meeting with a greater measure of support, as, although there. has been a falling-off in the number of applicants registered, the number of vacancies filled each month is in creasing, while those in charge have been better able to meet the requirements of em ployers who engage workers through the labour exchanges. The Danish farmers' have given a lesson to the world, not only in intense culture, but alsp in the development of the agricultural industry by co- operative effort. Until 1880 the old system of butter-making prevailed; to-day there are 1,087 co-operative dairies, with a membership of 158,000, shipping to England butter to the value of £200,000 per week. Later, the farmers used the skim milk for hog-feeding, with the result that a big bacon mdustry was built up. To-day there are 34 district co-operative abattoirs with a membership of 90,000. In 1895 the Danish Co-operative Egg Export Society was organised. It has 57,000 members, and in 1908 its business amounted to £1,320,000. The peasant proprietor .is also his own banker, as there are 536 co-operative savings banks, which are shortly to be federated in one big central basjk. Co-operation has been extended in the direction of the wholesale purchase of the requirements of the contri buting members. The farmer thus gets his agricultural implements, his food, and sup plies practically at cost price. The turnover of the purchaging societies in 1907 wa. £3,500,0Q0. 