WHAT THE CONSULS SAY. I AGRICJU-TTTRISTS CAN'T BE SPARED. MR. HOLMAN'S SPEECH ON SWEDEN. The Danish Consul (Mr L. W Marcker) and the Swedish Consul (Consul Morwell were shown yesterday the cabled messages of the Danish and Swedish Governments' discourage- ment of emigration to Australia. They said much the same thing Neither Denmark nor Sweden can spare us agricultural emigrants, and though they do Bend emigrant? from other classes, Consuls find it most difficult to place them But both warnings seem to be due to the forwarding to the Swedish authorities, by Consul Alorncr, of a cutting from the "Herald" of a report of an attack on the Government Immigration policy by Mr Holman at Newcastle last November Mr Marcker thought the announcement made by his Government might be the result of those in the Swedish papers "My report for this has not gone borne yet, he said, "but this is a letter I sent to my Government on May 15, 1909 "The consulate has during last year received many letters from Denmark; inquiring as to emigrants prospects here It would be well that it should be known that, with the exception of servant girls and agricultural labourers, the conditions here are such that the consulate absolutely advises against emigres tion Danish women, who are willing to take war as servants, can always had something to do. The pay is good, but the work hard As for male emigrants, only agricultural labourers who can stand hard work are wanted." The letter goes on to explain the conditions under which emigrants' passages are assisted, and concludes "The consulate repeats that for commercial people or people without a trade, Australia is the last Place to come to Uuiuncsscs and offices are all filled up with the country s own people, and it is most dilH cult for a foreigner to find employment The saying, Australia for Australians,' is enough to show the position." "So that, as you see," continued Mr Marcker "I have simply explained that only agricultural labourers are wanted But there is one thing you must remember We don't want to encourage emigration from Denmark especially of agricultural labourers We need all the men we have "We have been losing 18,000 of our youngest and strongest men and women every year for 30 years There are only 2 million people in Denmark We can't stand that drain Our population isn't growing fast. Every harvest time we have to import from 5000 to 10,000 Polish Jews We couldn't get the work done without them. They live in camps, and we have to pay the cost of their journey over and back, for we wouldn't let them stop In the country You don't know what they're like those people Last year we had to have the annual training period troops-the men who had served their term, but were due for yearly training, like you voluntcr-rs-postponed, so that the men might gather in the harvests "Then, again, in many ways a farm hand Is better looked after in Denmark He is paid 11s 6d a week and board, but, in the sort of thing a young fellow is likely to spend his money on, 11s 6d there will go as far as 15s here We have no spirit duty beer costs very little, and a good cigar is only a penny And the board is very different to what It is here I Men working for an Australian cocky have to feed In a rough shed on rough food-a slab of corned beef a bit of bread and so on. But our men have, perhaps, never cooked a meal | In their lives They have been accustomed to hot meals beautifully cooked and to be looked after and they can't stand the conditions That's where the trouble Is A very poor man might stand the life but most can't " Count Morner spoke to much the same effect Sweden he said, did not want to lose her agricultural labourers Most of the Swedes who came here were looking for city positions He had had the greatest difficulty in finding work for them Some had been sent off to America He had written in July that out of a large number of men who had applied to him for assistance, he had been able to find positions for three. One, an electrical fitter, was cleaning bottles for his board and lodging; another, who had been a merchant's clerk, and who had had excellent references, and a good knowledge of languages, had got a position on a North Queensland railway and the third, a sea captain, with a mas- ker's certificate, had a job unloading from a vessel in the harbour. "People have been deceived by schemes couleur de rose, said he. "The Government i won't help me with those men, because they are not assisted immigrants. There are heaps 1 and heaps of people who apply to me, for whom I can't find work. Sometimes work is offered away up country, and I am asked to pay the immigrant's fare then. It would be a good thing If the Government gave immigrants , free passes up country to wherever they should find work; or even if the Government should lend the money for the tares. Many of these men spend everything they have in getting here. It is easy to say there is plenty of work. The best way to prove It is for the Government, or private people, to help me to And it for these Immigrants. A farmer with money could get on splendidly here, but so he could in Sweden. You heard all about the Anglo-Indian immigrants? Well, In our case there is the handicap of not knowing the language, too. "The announcements in the Swedish papers are very likely due to a letter I sent the Swedish Government on November 1, 1909. It was headed, 'Warning against Emigration to Australia.' It enclosed a cutting from the Herald" of the same date, and asked that it should be forwarded to the Swedish And Emigration Society. The cutting was a report of an attack by Mr. Holman on the State immigration policy, at a public meeting in Newcastle. Mr. Holman spoke of the steady stream of Immi Oration' which was being directed to these shores by the dissension of deliberately lying statements. The Immigrant who comes out here believing there is land waiting to be taken up,' be added, Is the victim of a confidence trick.' Immigrants found themselves on arrival,' he said, in a fool's paradise, into which they had been deluded by the deliberate Iles of an unprincipled Government.' " Mr. Holman ended by speaking of the competition on both the North and South coasts. The cutting has evidently had its effect 