[?] | immigrants to the number of 192 arrived li the R.M.S. Otranto on Thursday. ? . ? : |f . * : ? * *?..?- I Twenty-six Japanese have been sentenced % death for conspiracy to ? ac-sassinats ,tlie Imperor. .... ijsew South Wales has run into. h's. favour*, | ii'io opinion of Sir J. Carlaw Martin, Ibairman of the Scottish Agricultural - Com liission. ??-/.. \ This week an important gold discovery, has Un reported from Anbury. The yie d is litimatcd at four ounces to the ton from jish prospecto. I * * * ; Said ex-M.L.A. Hogue, referring ' to Peter fowling the other day : 'Peter has lost h's |im?li.' So has Mr. Hogue since he was I'outed' by the electors. j ♦ ' ? ? ? 1 N.w Zealand bookmakers1 have lost at' last. [flie odds are d^ad against them. now,, be-: lause the N.Z. Hou:e of Represe-ntativss haK jksed tli3 Gam;'ng Bill, abolishing. the 'r per,-. Jiit3. fill'. Helen Barton characterised as ' dis |raccful the proposal to have fruit, and re fclmient shops in tourist resorts opened on Sundays. The dear o'd lady wduCd do Avell |o return home and attend to the moras of IGlnsgow. . '?-?-??;? | # * » ? . | Tram-drver Pigott, who was recently Iwarded the King's Prize in rifle- shooting, land then deprived of it as a result1 of in rquiry1, has been committed for- trial on a Iliarge of false pretences. I ? ? ? .' ? | After over a week's bush-scouring :'n the Jeiglibfiurhood of Manly, in search of th? liissing lady, Mir-s Beisie Hops Gibson, it pas announced on Saturday last that black firaeker Alec Brown had returned to Single Ion. It ^ihould have been apparent from the |rst that, with thousands of footprints Iverywhsre about the neighbourhood, in |luding those of contingents of boy sc:utr!, a ikk-tracker would be as serviceable search ing for clues on the'Corso as on the sands or in the scrub. * ♦ . .* Ona night last week a wayfarer up Grosvenor-st'-eet, near St. Patrick's, was daalt a vio'eiii blow by a man who suddenly emerged through a window and unsuccess fully clutched for the wayfarer's watch chain. An alarm was raised,, two constables appeared, and when the 'road agent' re fusid to ttop he- received a police bullet in his back which was intended for his legs. He was seriously but not mortally wounded. Something l.l-e finality appears to have been reached by the Danish expert inquiry in the respective North Pole discovery cla'nn of Dr. Cook and Commander PearjV. Two Greenland missionaries informed Herr Knud Rassmussen that- two Eskimos who accompa nied Commander Peary confirm his narrative as to reaching the Pole. From the same source Herr Ras'smussen learned that the E- kimos who ware with Dr. Cook allege that Dr. Cook was never nearer than within 500 miles of the Pole. * ? ? ? A diplomatist who spent his holiday th's year in investigating the polit'cal situation iu Portugal brought back a vivid report cf the state of Jihe Civil Service thera. It i a nest of corruption. Numbers of useless offi cials draw fat sa-larirs for doing nothing. Public money in purloined who'esale, and handsome comm'rdons are earned' by those who can manipulate State loans, public con tracts, and tli3 ?y-,tem of taxat'on. The late King Carlos, whatever his faults may have been, did attempt to clean the Augean otables of the Civil Service. He tried to in troduce reforms modelled on the Briti-ih sys tem, and by so doing he earned- the bitter hatred of the bureaucracy. The plot for his assassination was actually planned and ma tured in one of the offices of the Civil Ser vice. The young King became equally Tin popular in the same quarter when it was evi dent that he aho would fain have his Civil Service modelled on British lines. 