Commercial. MARKETS WEEKLY REVIEW. Wednesday afternoon. . Trade returns for October generally are satisfactory, and in many instances show an increase over the figures for the cor responding month ot last year, which ,was in iiselt a record for thai period of the year. This, of course, denotes .that the purchasing power of the com munity, consequent upon the continued good seasons, and the steady influx of desirable immigrants, has increased con siderably. As predicted in this column a .week ago, sugar has taken another tumble, tue company having re duced its prices all around by 10/ per iton. Strange as it may seem, it is not unlikely that bcdroca nas not yet been reached. A Calcutta advice, just to hand states that the exact figures showing the quantity of tea produced in India during September were not available at time ol writing, but those to hand to that time, indicated that, contrary to general ex pectations, the abnormally large output of the preceding September had been equalled, if exceeded. Export figures were unusually interest ing, and showed that all excess had been taken up by the outside markets. Im ports into the United Kingdom were fcelovy those of last year, but other parts 9f the world had taken ui» o er tf,500,i03 Iks. more than they absorbed during the Similar period of the preceding year. The JCeylon crop is stated to be more than 6,5-00.000 lbs. behind the output for tbc corresponding period of 1W9, and unless something unusual transpired, it was i feared that a shortage would occur be- I tween then and the "end of the year. [ High-grown Ceylon, although not notice able for the* finest flavour, had more colour and thickness than usual. Crra .i , of tartar - still continues its upward j inarch, the present auotation bring /11, I at which figure large sales I'a'-c been j made in the Sydney market. Toe demand ; lor evaporated fruits is exceptionally heavy. Xew season's figs, ex Olicn which left Adelaide cn Tuesday, are due here about the middle ot the month. ,The present quotation for 10-ib. lots, plucked, is >11, and for f»-lb. boxes i/8i. New reason's dates, ex F.M.S. Armani! Behic. are due in Syd ney on Thursday. rr;»tl should reach h-re on or about Monday next. Orcnin? I'riccs are /3J to f'*\\\ for foxes, and 4'9 for packets. Seeded sultanas are quoted at 5/lQi. and preserved gifteer at /SL The supply of, and demand for cond.nsed milk it last has been equalised. Butter suffered 4 decline of 4/ in the course of .the week. f FURRED SKIN'S. It is regrettable to report that there is no market locally for opossum skins jur.t now. Advices regarding the London ' .on sales held last week arc anything but satisfactory. Closing sales showed a de stine of from 30/. to :i3/. In consequence 1 of this, buvers are very chary about j operating. ITcncc the absence of sales. I AU classes of marsupials are meeting 1 with ready demand, end it is expected that in view of the decline in opossums lhat wallabies, especially small averages, .will he easier from this onwards. LOXDON BUTTER MARKET. Messrs. DaJgety ^and Co., Limited, Brisbane, report having received their weekly cable from London, wherein it is advised that the butter market there is very quiet, especially for secondary sorts, while the official quotation for Danish butter is down by two kroner cn tbc Week. Imports for the week ended last. Saturday, amounted to 7(»,0C0 cwt.. as compared with G4.0CJ cwt. for the cor tcspynding week of last year. 