? AUSTRALIAN IMMIGRA ? TION. .*l DAKllSHi MINISTER'S -OPINION. . ' COUNT MORNER'S WARNING. , t- ' senator best's' reply. ^ consuls' interviewed. The* Danish' Minister for Foreign Affairs *-(savs. a London cable) has issued to tho aicwspap'ens^a notice which soeks to dis suade emigrants from going to Australia or New Zealand, as it is asserted that ,the difficulties of su'bHstence tiiere hav« in creased considerably. *»v ' A similar warning had already .been pub lished in- Sweden. The Australian Minister for Customs last week referieil to a ' cable message stating that Count Morner, the Consul Goncral for Sweden in Australia, ha iwarncd intending vmmii*r;nits against pro ceeding to Austialia or New Zealand On account of the difficulties in the way ol /jcttine employment 'I deny that such statements flr» ?warranted, ' sa:d Sir Ro ibcrt Best. 'There us plenty of room ior suitable nien to maVu a living in Austra lia as agriculturists Om bes-i! answer ib to point to .our extraordinary prosperity. jAustralia is but an infant iamonzst ' the nations, but out pastoral production last jear -was ^lO.GOft.'OOO, the mineials were worth £28,301,000,* our agricultural production was £30,500,000 and our manu factures weie £1(11,000,000.' The Danish Consul at Sydney (M Marck «r) and the Swedish Consul. (Count Mor nei)*sav that neither Denmark ,nor Svert cn can spare agncultuial immigrants, and though they do send imnwsiants Iroai ot her classes the Consuls find it most diui icult to place them, but the* warmnos siv.ei\ by the Governments seem to be due- to the forwarding to the Swedish authorities by .Count Morner of a newspapei cutting Oi a ?report of an attack on the Government immigration policy by Mr. W. A. Holman, M.L.A , at Newcastle last Xovomnei. In tliat speech Mi. Holman spoke of the steady stream of immigration being direc ted to Australia 'by the dissemination of deliberately lymfl statements ' '.The immigrants, ' said Mr. Holman, 'found themselves on arrival in- a fool's, para dise, into which thev Lad been deluded by itho deliberate lies oi an unprincipled Gov ernment ' Count Morner says hs forward ed. G£r Holman's lemarks to the Swedish ?Government with the request that it should ,!-[? forwarded to the Swedish AntiImmi gratioa ? Society. Count Morner also said ifchdt Swedish immigrants who came here, llPJiig niostlv non-agncultunsts, found the greatest difficulty m getting employment. 