SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT. IÍEGISI/ATR^ COUNCIL. Tuesday, November 8. The President (Sir Lancelot Stirling) took the chair at 2 p.m. ACCOMMODATION FOR MEMBERS. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN asked the President, as chairman of the House? Committee, whether that committee would take into consideration the possibility of allot- ting to each of the two parties in the Council a room for their exclusive use, as was done in the House of Assembly. The PRESIDENT - I will be glad to bring the matter before the House Committee. EXTENSION OF WAGES BOARDS. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN referred to the docket recently laid upon the table, and quoted from in regard to the extension of wages boards to the country, and asked whether the Chief Secretary had any additional information to give on that matter. \- The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. F. S. Wallis) said he had found on enquiry that the type-written copy of the original doctt -Mncnt which was laid on the table came to an abrupt conclusion with the opinion of the Attorney-General, as conveyed to the Chief Secretary. The following correspondence, which he would lay on the tables, completed the particulars contained in this docket "Forwarded to the Honorable the Chief Secretary for Cabinet-J.P.W., Al. of I., 26/9/10. In Cabinet-Provisions of Factories Act, 1907, section 4, to be complied with, the., necessary Parliamentary approval obtained for extensions S.W., for Pre . mier, 26/9/10. Urgent Returned to the Hon. Attorney-General. F.S.W., C.S, 26/9/10 To the Hon. Chief Secretary's loans carefully considered Mr. Shierlaw's ? opinion and concur in his view that Parlia- j mentary approval is not necessary for the extension of determinations to districts outside of the metropolitan area. W.eD, ' A.G.. 27/9/10. For Cabinet-F.S.W., C.S., 27/9/10. in Cabinet Issue of Order in Council approved. J., Premier, 27/9/U. E.G., S.W., Deputy-Governor. 23/9/10. J Approved by his Excellency the Governor's Deputy in Executive Councils. H. Sholl, .. Clerk E.C., 28/9/10. C-in-C. gazetted." POLLING-PLACE AT POINT PEARCE. ( A message was received from his Excellency the Governor stating that he had issued a proclamation declaring Point Pearce polling-place for the electoral district of Wallaroo. , ' POLLING-PLACE IN HALIFAX A STREET. A message was received from his Excellency the Governor stating that he had issued a proclamation declaring Halifax street east, Adelaide, a polling-place for the, electoral district of Adelaide. POLLING-PLACE AT NEW GLENELG. \- A message was received from his Excel ; lency the Governor, stating that he had issued a proclamation declaring New Glenelg a polling-place for the electoral district of Torrens. POLLING-PLACE AT EASTERN WELL. A message was received from his Excellency the Governor stating that he had issued a proclamation declaring Eastern Well, in the hundred of Bakara, a polling ' place for the electoral district of Victoria and Albert. * POLLING-PLACE AT LIGHT SQUARE WEST. A message was received from his Excellency the Governor, stating that he had issued a proclamation declaring Light square west a polling-place for the electoral district of Adelaide. POLLING-PLACE AT WHITMORE SQUARE WEST. A message was received from his Excellency the Governor stating that he had filled a proclamation declaring Whitmore square west a polling-place for the electoral district of Adelaide; and closing the polling-place at the High School, Grote street, for the same electoral district, WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION BILL. In committee. Clause 2. Repeal of existing Acts. Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to strike out the clause with a view to inserting a few clause of which he had given notice. The motion was declared carried. The CHIEF SECRETARY called for a division, which resulted as FOLLOWs: Ayes (12) Hons. A. R. Addison J. G. Bice T. Bruce. J. Cowan, J. J. Duncan, J. H. Howe, J. Lewis, C. Lucas, B. A. Moulden, A. von Doussa. J. Warren, and Sir John Downer (teller). Noes (4) The Minister of Agriculture, the Hons. E. L. W. Klauer. A. W. Styles, said the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to insert the following new clause: "Section 4, subdivision (a) of the Act of 1903 is hereby amended by striking out serious, and wl ful misconduct,' and inserting 'negligence' in lieu thereof." The CHIEF SECRETARY said he took the result of the division as an indication that members would follow Sir John Downer altogether, so he did not propose to waste any time over the clauses. Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to strike out clauses 3 to 21. ,- * Carried. 2 .... . Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to insert the following new clause:-"The following new section is hereby inserted in the Act of 1900, will.: Where the injury is in part caused by a defect in machinery or by the negligence of fenowrscrvants1 or others and in part by the negligence of such work. man the workman, or in the event of his death his personal representative, or any (person entitled in the case of his death may recover from the employer common . nation for such injury in the proportion which the negligence of theworkman.bears to the whole cause of the injury." , Where the servant was negligent he was entitled to recover only a portion of the ' compensation which would be due were it not for the negligence of himself and others. In case of emergency the rough and ready method of halving the damages was resorted to as in England, but. in Continental countries it was apportioned according to the relative amount of negligence, and he could see no more difficulty in doing that in South Australia than on the Continent. It was exceedingly difficult to apportion the negligence, but it was equally hard to make the employer pay for the negligence of the workman himself and that of other employes. He should not pay all the damages, and it was a case for the Arbitration Court. The Hon. T. BRUCE moved to amend the clause by striking out the words in the proportion which the negligence of the workman bears to the whole cause of the injury." To allow the words to stand part of the clause would lead to serious complications and great difficulties Sir JOHN DOWNER said the amendment would take away the whole point of the clause, which meant that if the man was three-quarters to blame he would get only one-quarter of the damage. 'I the amendment was the exact opposite of the contention of the clause. The Hon. J. G. BICE said in the clause the word "negligence" had replaced the words serious and wilful misconduct, , and to strike out the words as suggested 1 by Mr. Bruce would limit the compensa- ron. The Hon. E. LUCAS moved to insert the words by a workman" after the word injury in the first line of the clause. The Hon. T. BRUCE withdrew his amendment. The amendment moved by the Hon. E. Lucas was carried. The clause as amended was declared carried, and. the CHIEF SECRETARY called for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes (13) Hons. A. R. Addison, J. G. Bice, T. Bruce J. Cowan, J. J. Duncan, J. H. Howe, J. Lewis, E. Lucas' B. A. Moulden, T. Pascoe, A. von Doussa, J. Warren, and Sir John Downer (teller). Noes (4) The Minister of Agriculture, Hons. E. L. W. Klauer, and A. W. Styles, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to insert the following new causeless. Notwithstanding anything in the principal Act contained where personal injury by accident arising out of an in the course of his employment is caused to a workman, his employer shall be liable to pay compensation irrespective of the place where such accident shall occur; but no workmen shall be entitled to compensation for any injury he may sustain in going to the place where his work or his day's work has been completed, whether such injury is sustained on the employer's premises or otherwise, unless such injury is occasioned by the act or negligence of the employer." The question had been raised about the possibility of injury sustained in an accident outside of a factory whilst engaged in employment, and the clause would deal with such cases. The Hon. E. LUCAS suggested a correc- tion of what he considered a typographical error in the word "workmen" in line 5, ? which should read "workman." There was a provision in the New Zealand Act which struck him as a sensible one, that fixed the compensation to be paid for certain injuries. For instance, if a workman lost an arm. the New Zealand law stipulated how much compensation he should receive for it. If a man lost a leg by a machinery accident, the parties concerned I knew at once what he should receive for it with fOt going to law. The amount of compensation should be gauged also by the earnings of a man before the accident. (Mr John Downer's prefer the law as it is." Sir JOHN DOWNER said he had not considered the suggestion, but, off-hand, he did not agree with it. It would be exceedingly difficult to fix compensation in that way. Each case must be decided on its merits. When a man lost a limb by violent accident it was difficult to say what the extent of the injury really was in other parts of the body. It would be impossible to arrive at any mathematical demonstra- tion of the value of a limb and so fix the compensation arbitrarily; but, even assum- ing that it were possible to make such a mathematical computation, it would by no means answer the question, because it was not likely that a man could lose by violence eyes or limbs without sustaining other injury. The clause was declared carried. The CHIEF SECRETARY sailed for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes (12) Hons. A. R. Addison, J. G. Bice, T. Bruce, J. Cowan, J. J. Duncan J H. Howe, E. Lucas, B. A. Moulden, J..: Pascoe, A. von Doussa, J. Warren, and Sir John Downer (teller). Noes (5) The Minister of Agriculture, Hons. E. L. W. Klauer, A. W. Styles, J. Lewis, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 7 for the Ayes. Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to insert the following new clause:-"An injury sustained in his ordinary' employment by a workman suffering from any disease, which would not have been sustained had he not been suffering from such disease, I shall not be deemed an injury by acci ' dent." That was to prevent employers , from being liable for the state of health of their workmen. The clause was declared carried. The CHIEF SECRETARY called for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes (12) Hons. A. R. Addison J. G. Bice. T. Bruce, J. Cowan, J J. Duncan, J. H. Howe, E. Lucas, B. A. Moulden, T. Pascoe, A. von Doussa, J. Warren, and Sir John Downer (teller). Noes (4) The Minister of Agriculture, Hons. E. L. W. Klauer, A. W. Styles, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to insert the following new clause:-"An injury sustained by a workman in the course of disobedience to his employer's orders though not occasioned by such disobedience, shall not be deemed an injury arising out of and in the course of his employment." The Hon. J. G. BICE asked the mean- ing of the words though not occasioned by such disobedience." Sir JOHN DOWNER said that in one of the cases he had cited a workman had been told not to use a lift for his own purposes, but had used the lift, and an neck dent happened. The House of Louis and decided that the man was guilty of serious and wilful misconduct, but yet the employer was liable. The Hon. E. LUCAS said that when a workman acted in disobedience of his employer's orders and an accident followed he could not see how it was it should not be held to be the result of his disobedience. The Hon. J. G. BICE suggested that the words though not occasioned by such disobedience" should be struck out. as they seemed to contradict the intention of the clause. Sir JOHN DOWNER said the words were placed in the clause to remove liability from the employer even though he could not prove the accident was directly attributable to the act of disobedience. If they were struck out the position would be the same as under the English Act. The hon. J.O. BICE said the words serious and wilful misconduct had been struck out in favor of the word negligence, and disobedience could not be considered negligence. (Sir John Downer Disobedience is negligence.") There was no necessity for the words he had referred Sir JOHN DOWNER, said there was force in Mr. Bruce's contention,, but the words serious and wilful misconduct" might yet be inserted, and he would advise the retention of the words referred to by Mr. Bice. The clause was declared carried. The CHIEF SECRETARY called for a division, which resulted as follows:- . Ayes (12) Hons. A. R. Addison J. G. Bice, T. Bruce. J. Cowan, J. J. Duncan, J. H. Howe. E. Lucas, B. A. Moulden, T. Pascoe, A. von Doussa, J. Warren and Sir J. Downer (teller). . Noes (4) The Minister of Agriculture, Hons. E. L. W. Klauer. A. W. Styles, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. Schedules 1 to 3 negatived. Title. An Act to consolidate and amend the law with respect to compensation to workmen for injuries suffered in the course of their employment. Sir JOHN DOWNER moved to strike out consolidate and." Carried, and title as amended agreed to. The Bill was reported with amendments, and the third reading was made an order of the day for the next day. FACTORIES BILL. A Bill to amend the Factories Act, 1907. was received by message from the House of Assembly, and read the first time, the second reading being made an order of the day for the next day. _ FINE FRUIT, AND VEGETABLE BILL. A Bill to amend the Vine, Fruit, and Vegetable Act, 1885, was received by message from the House of Assembly and read the first time, the second reading being made an order of the day for the next day. DEFAULTING RELATIVES BILL. The House of Assembly intimated by message that it had agreed to the amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Inter-State Destitute Persons' Relief (Defaulting Relatives) Bill, with necessary consequential amendments. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved, that the message should be taken into consideration the next day. Carried. RECREATION GROUNDS BILL. The House of Assembly intimated by message that it had agreed to the amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Recreation Grounds Taxation Exemp- tion Bill, with the exception of amendments Nos. 2 and 5. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved that the message should be taken into consideration the next day. Carried. PLACES OF ENTERTAINMENT BILL. The House of Assembly intimated by message that it did not further insist upon its disagreement with the amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Places of Public Entertainment Bill. LAND VALUES TAXATION BILL. In committee. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved to re- insert clause 11 (which had been struck out as follows:-"Subsections (3) and (4) of section 37 of the Land Value Assessment Act? 1893. are hereby repealed, and the following subsection is enacted in lieu thereof: -(3) As to any other corporation, the amount in the pound of any rate shall in no case in any one year be more than will produce a sum equal to that which could, if this part of this Act were not in operation in the municipality, be raised under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1890, by a rate for a similar purpose on an assess- ment for the same year made under the provisions of the last-mentioned Act." Sir JOHN DOWNER said when the matter was before the committee. previously it was adjourned, to enable him to confer with the town clerk with a view to seeing if the cause could be put in a more understandable form. Upon further consideration he withdrew his objections to the clause. Carried. Progress was reported and the third reading fixed for the next day. STEAM BOILERS BILL. Adjourned debate on the second reading. The Hon. A. VON DOUSSA said that during the last 10 years, when travelling through the Southern district, he had never met one person who had asked for the Bill, but he had come into contact with hundreds who thought it unnecessary. It was a measure that would cost the State anything between £5,000 and £6,000 a year. In Queensland there were 17 inspectors employed under an Act of a similar nature. It was only a fat billet creating measure, and he felt that the good sense of members would not allow the Bill to reach the committee stage.-. The CHIEF SECRETARY said a reason given by some members for their opposition to the measure was that steam boilers, were not so much used now as they had been in the past, and consequently there was, from their point of view, no necessity for the Bill. While there were any steam boilers, however, there was necessity for such legislation. The Bill dealt not only with steam boilers, but with the matter of granting certificates to engine-drivers and if members would permit the Bill to go into committee they might be able to agree on some portion of it becoming law. Engine-drivers in this State were at a disadvantage as compared with those mother States, as there was no chance of them getting employment in other States. If they were certificated in South Aus- unless they could go elsewhere if they so desired and get positions. He could see that the numbers were against him regarding the Bill as a whole, but he asked members to vote for the second reading and deal with the measure, if necessary, a committee. The second reading was declared negatived. The CHIEF SECRETARY calls.! for a. division, which resulted as follows: Ayes (5) The Minister of Agriculture Hons. J. G. Bice, E. L. W. Klauer. A. W Styles, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes (11) Sir John Downer, Hons. A R. Addison. T. Bruce, J. Cowan, J. H Howe. E. Lucas, B. A. Moulden, T Pascoe, A. von Doussa, J. Warren, and J J. Duncan (teller). Majority of 6 for the Noes. CLOSER SETTLEMENT BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON said the Bill had caused considerable discussion, which had shown that there was great diversity of opinion among members. He took up the position he had always taken when he said he would support a repurchase Bill if a' Progressive Land Tax Act were not sought to be added to the statutes of the State at the same time. The two should not be side by side, and he felt strongly j on that matter in view of the measure recently passed by the Federal Parliament. The Federal Land Tax Act went beyond confiscation; he called it absolute robbery. The reclamation of River Murray swamp lands was necessary, and that phase of the question made him feel inclined to vote for the second reading of the Bill. The measure was condemned by many people, who said that if the State I went in for closer settlement it would prevent the breeding of sheep. He did ,' not think that would be borne out by fact, because in the old country, where there were small holdings, some of the best sheep were bred. Everyone recognised that there was a great deal owing to the men who went out and opened up the country, and had suffered great hardships in some cases. There came a time when men of that class had served their day and generation, and must give '"'way to those who were capable of putting the land to better use. If it were not for the accompanying progressive taxation, the proposed terms for compulsory, repurchase would be quite fair. The Pekina country was carrying more stock at the present time than when it was a run, in addition to the extra quantity of wheat it was producing. At Yongala, also, in addition to the increased output of wheat, there was as much stock on the land as before it was cut up for closer settlement;. There was not the same necessity for compulsory repurchase at present as there was a few years ago, because there were now millions of acres of land in the hands of the Government which would soon be available for settlement, and there were also thousands of acres of other land on the market. A good many years ago a similar measure was defeated upon his vote, because he sought to insert a provision that no land could be taken compulsorily from any person who could show that he had given a greater price for it in the early days. Thus suggestion was opposed by the Government of the day, and the Bill was lost by one vote. Since then, however, the price of land had made a remarkable advance, and it was being sold at too high a rate to make settlement safe. The present high priced were all right while good seasons continued and the present price of wheat M as maintained. but there was no doubt that the times of drought would eventually return, and they would see wheat down to 2/10 per bushel at Port Adelaide. Land and wheat were both above average prices at present, and average prices were bound to return. As long as the Government attempted to pass the two measures together he would oppose such a Bill. The Hon. J. WARREN was sorry the Bill had been introduced, and he could not find terms too strong in which to condemn it. The measure was intended to give this Government power to take away land from people who had purchased it at full value, in many instances at public auction. The Real Property Act was passed to give them what was said would be an indefeasible title, but the present Bill proposed to destroy that indefensibility. * It was a most iniquitous proposal, which would break solemn covenants and bargains made between the Government and the people. They were building up a new country, and surely they should build it. on truthful lines. If Parliament sanctioned such a Bill it would be a permanent disgrace to them. The measure was not necessary at the present time, in any case, because there were many thousands of acres, which were equal to any land in South Australia, under offer at an insignificant price. He referred to the Northern Territory. It was lined tended that white persons could not work in the Territory, but a number of people in a position to know declared that while people could work there if they desired to do so. It was a well-known fact that the pastorahindustry had brought more wealth to Australia than any other industry, but the Federal legislation would have the effect of destroying it. If land was cut up into small blocks, as was intended by the present Bill, it would be impossible for the pastoral industry to maintain its high position, particularly in regard to wool. He felt confident that in the interests of the State the Council would reject the Bill. The Hon. E. L. W. KLAUER, in supporting the Bill, did not think it would be a dif grace to the Legislature of South Australia to pass it, but rather a credit, to them. Legislation in the direction of settling more people on the land was of a sound and constructive character. (Mr. Lewis-"'Get the people first.") Let them first make the opportunities for settlement available. It had been said that the Labor Party were opposed to immigration, but they had all stated on many occasions that they were not. What they did object to was immigration with the present restricted opportunities. In South Australia there were about 242.244 800 acres of land, of which 117,000,000 acres were occupied and 126,000,000 acres unoccupied. (Air. I/rwin Then there is no necessity for the Bill." He did not think that member would care to go farming on some of the unoccupied country. About 8,000,000 acres had been sold. According to figures quoted by Mr. Pascoe a few days before, only about 2,COO,000 acres of that land were being properly cultivated, leaving 6,000,000 acres not properly dealt with. That showed that out of that 8,000.000 acres the cultivated portion was picked country. Up to the present the Government of the State had spent 21,2 21,79 in purchasing 500,461 acres for homestead leases or closer settlement. Members would credit a certain amount of success to that expenditure. Speakers had complained of unfairness in the valuation of land for taxation purposes, but as it was valued only once in five years it might increase 600 or 700 per cent, in that time. In the case of Pinnaroo, Mr. Cowan had pointed out that land had risen practically 900 per cent. It was unfair to base taxation on the unimproved value of the first year, and he hoped members would agree to an annual valuation, in which event the Government would be pleased to support them. Sir John Downer had remarked that he always had said, and would always say, that the private individual must give way to the puD lic weal. That was correct. Yet he. in common with other members, lamented the fact that the Federal Parliament were proposing to carry legislation in the direction of the progressive land tax. They said it would have the effect of reducing the value of the land. That was generally admitted, but it would be in the interests of the community, as the object of the measure was to purchase land to settle people upon in the interests of the State. It would bring land down to its legitimate value, and that was nothing to cavil at. He was of opinion the second reading would be carried, and he hoped the Bill would not be mutilated in committee. Sir John Downer had said there was a probability of the legality of the legislation for bursting up large estates being tested, and he hoped members would leave their opposition until that period arrived. Mr. Cowan had said there were 25.000 acres of swamp land unreclaimed, and he felt sure Mr. Cowan would support the I'll in or der to reclaim it and place people upon the bank, of the River Murray. By so doing they would confine the flow of the Murray waters to a narrower channel, and minimise the evaporation referred to so much by experts. He regretted Mr. Lewis could find no better argument than that the Government might subdivide the estates of Martin & Co., of Gawler, the Broken Hill Proprietary Smelting Works at Port Pirie, and other places, including that of Bagot, Shakes, k Lewis. It was possible but highly improbable that any Government would seek to subdivide such places under the Bill. | The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE ! (Hon. J. P. Wilson) hoped members would I carry the second reading, so that if the Bill required amendment that could be I dealt with in committee. A system of closer settlement would induce a larger j population to come to the State. Avenues would be opened up which people from other parts of the world were enquiring for daily. Many- had been disappointed with Canada, because the climatic conditions there prevented open air work for an average of four months in the year, and they were finding that outdoor occupations could be carried on in Australia for 52 weeks; i in the year. Winters here were almost like summers in Manitoba. In spite of the full tide of emigration to America, people were now look ing to Australia. Before they could induce them to come here they should make some preparation for them, and open up avenues of employment. There were many openings now for persons of the right class from other parts of the world, and they would be encour- j aged to make homes in the State, which had a vast estate incomparable with old world countries. Its hugeness was hardly known to the people of the older world, and more advertising was necessary to attract settlers. They hoped that the visit of the Scottish farmers to Australia would induce their countrymen to settle in the State, but a liberal system of land settlement must be provided, and it must be made clear that there was sufficient land available, and that the land laws were liberal enough to 1 as an inducement to them. They wanted the right class of people, with capital enough to give them a start in life. (Mr. Duncan-"Don't you think a Scotchman would be concerned with the inaccessibility of title?") He was not going to discuss that. He was endeavoring to provide the necessary room for the small farming class, as they knew of what that meant to other lands. They' should show there was a possibility of gating kind on a liberal basis. sufficiently rich | in quality and large enough in area to provide a good living. Mr. Addison had drawn attention to clause 7. It provided for the reclamation and purchase of land adjacent to the River Murray. Members who had made the trip from Echuca to the sea two years ago would know the great possibilities for settlement along the banks of the River Murray, and when the Government put into operation the scheme: of locking the Murray settlement would follow along its banks. It was not fair for pastoralists to hold large sections of country with frontages to the river for pastoral purposes only when intense on! tivation. for which the land was eminently- suitable, would have a large effect in the production of wealth. For the information of members he would quote some statistical information respect- ing the extent to which intense cultivation was practised in Denmark. That was a country with an area of only 1444 square miles, or 9,375.403 acres, yet it carried a population of 2,000,000 people. There were 2.117 large estate, called gentlemen's farms 75,320 peasant farms, and 68.000 small hold- ings of from three to seven acres, generally carrying two or three cows, about 20 pigs, and anything up to 150 head of poultry, No less than 54 per cent, of the population of that country belonged to the agricultural classes, and that was the condition of affairs which the Government aimed at in South Australia. They desired to encourage the youth of the country to take an interest in agricultural pursuits and so prevent so many from becoming waBtrels in the city. The experience of Denmark showed that a good living could be made of" small holdings. (Mr. HoweT-"No:") He was sure he would be able to convince the hon. member. (Mr. Howe-"No, you can- not. I know better.") They had no occasion. to go outside South Australia for illustrations in support of his argument. In the Clare district the third generation of a family consisting of the father, mother, and nine children, were making a good living off eight acres. (Mr. Howe-"I don't dispute that.") He could quote another case. namely on the Stanley Flats, which had been cut up recently into 20-acre blocks, and upon which the people were making a good living. (Mr. Howe-"Currants?") Yes; they were doing well nt'currant-grow ing. One man, with a family of five, told him that he was producing. £92 per acre off 10 acres, and they were living well, and when he remembered that opposite to the Stanley Flats was the huge Hill River estate, just as capable of intense cultivation, he realised that there was much to be done in South Australia in the direction of closer settlement. (Mr. Howe-"But the supply will overtake the demand.") That might be so, but they had heard that cry for a long time. Mr. Riddoch, in his report on the irrigation in the valley of the Nile and in America, had advocated caution with respect to irrigation schemes in Australia, but they would be safe enough on the lines already laid down. The classification of the land in Denmark, according to the report on the co-operative movement in 1907, showed that land of 7 1-5 acres and under was held by 116,614 persons, the total area occupied under that classification being 239.604 acres: 7 1-5 to 11 acres. 16.988 persons: 119 to 226 acres, 28.992 persons; 225 to 300 acres, 17,723 persons; 331 to 673 acres, 35,257 persons; 676 to 135 acres, 25,615 persons: 135 to 270 acres, 6.502 persons; 270 to, 540 acres. 1,570 persons: 540 acres and over, 822 persons. It. would be good policy to adopt that principle in South Australia. (Mr. Howe-"You cannot compare this country with Denmark.") It was as well to know what other countries were doing.- In Denmark the co- operative principle was applied to farming, whereas in England the Rochdale movement had built. up huge concerns in the cities. The co-operative dairies of Denmark came into existence in 1882. and now there were 1065 1 such dairies, with a membership of 168-170. About 4,500 million lb. of milk-, were treated annually, and the production of butter was about 176,000,000 lb., represent- ing in value about £9,500,000. In 1903 the cows numbered 1,066.690, of which 85 per cent., or about 900,000, were owned, in connection with the co-operative dairies. In addition there were 198 private dairies. At the end of 1909 there were 1.485 creameries and cheese factories, and the butter exported for 1908-9 totalled 262 000.000 lb. There were large tracts of country suitable for dairying in South Australia, and also in the southern parts of New South Wales, particularly the Illawarra district. He had spent his boyhood, there, and anyone who visited that district would find dairy- ing carried on right down the coast as far as Twofold Bay. The dairy produce was a big item in" the productions of that State. (Mr. Duncan-"Is not the land in large holdings?") Yes, and what those large holders had done the people in Denmark had also accomplished collectively on the co-operative principle. He believed there was land equally as rich as that in New South Wales in South Australia, along the River Murray particularly. If not just as rich naturally it could be made so artificially when there were irrigation schemes in operation. He hoped to see dairying carried on extensively in the settlements which would be brought into being in the near future along the banks of the great stream. The export trade of the State produce depot for the first TO J. "F naval. loan is mm. pared with the corresponding period in. 1909 showed an increase in the export or butter or from 300 to 400 per cent That proved that the dairy industry was receiving attention in some parts of the country according to the Royal statistical Bureaus reports from July 1902, to July, 1903 5,600,000 000 pounds of milk was obtained in that year in Denmark, the average annual amount of milk per cow being 5 700 lb He could not say how that return compared with the yield of this State, but it seemed to him to be a good one He believed the Bill would not cr ish out the pastoralists as it was said it would There was room for the two industries to be as fully developed as any man could wish Large areas of agricultural land were being wrongfully held by pastoralists-wrongfully as far as production was concerned and if they could by cutting up the large estates place upon those agricultural areas a larger number of persons than at present they would be justified in so doing and would be placing no hardship upon the pastoral see Mr Duncan had the previous session said theo; w ere three millions of acres of picture land in the State available for settlement If there were that area and till the c clamoring for land could not be satisfied there was proof that the area was not of" enough He was struck when reading the statistics about the co-operative votes o' d saving in Den mari nth the magnitude of ' Tmolmm, in Denmark, which was the world's largest dairy. That dairy was founded in 1899. The foundation capital was £'55.00*1; its members numbered about 35\. with in all 12.000 cows. The dairy treated about G5.(XH!,C00 lb. of milk annually. 'The production of butter was valued at about £167,000, and that of cheese at about £20 8,000 annually in 50 various kinds. There were about 40.000 cheeses in the cheese storerooms. The length of the shelves where the j- were stored was estimated to cover about 15 English miles, and the yearly value of cheese and butter turned out at that daily amounted to ££30,000. There were also in Denmark huge co-operative bacon factories, and South Australia might well follow the example of Denmark in that respect. They were first founded in 1887. when there was only one factory. In 1906 there were 33 factories, with a working capital of £350,000, with 91,000 members. The number of pigs slaughtered was 1,051.358, representing a value of £3,650,000. In 1909 there were 36 factories, with 104,148 members, and a working capital of about £600,000. while the pigs slaughtered numbered 1.359,000. and their value was about £6.325,000. Denmark annually exported butter, eggs, bacon, and meats to the value of £15,556,000. The writer of the report, in explaining the cause of the rapid development in Denmark, said: It is prin- cipally- during the last 20-25 years that so enormous a development has taken place, and the cause of the growth may be traced (1) to the fact that the laws of the country do all to prevent the creation of new large farms, as it is forbidden to join smaller farms and thus make large farms of them; and (2) that a large proportion of peasant land, which 50 CO years ago ! belonged to the large estates, has been sold away from them, so that the Danish peasant himself owns the land he cultivates. Only one-fifteenth of the agricultural population are tenants or leaseholders. The remaining peasant farmers are free- holders." If there were people on the face of the earth who were getting the best out of the land they were the Danes, and they should be taken as an object lesson. (Mr. Moulden-"They don't pay the same wages as we do, though.") he would, deal with that later on. He was dealing now with closer settlement and intense cultivation. He was giving them information, not altogether from the standpoint of a Labor man, but in the belief that the matter was one that needed careful study. Mr. Bruce;-"What is the population of Denmark?") It was 2/00 000 (Mr. Dun- can Have they had a compulsory Bill?") He could not say. The greatest of all ex terror influence might be traced to the Danish High Schools for the People. At those institutions a staff of able young men and women were annually- being trained and sent out. That meant that slipshod methods of farming had been dispensed with, and the new system adopted was giving the best of rest is. In Denmark science and practical agrirml men were working hand in hand. The sell- ing of large estates and the subdivision of them into small holdings was still being carried out. (Mr. Bruce-"Witat is a large estate in Denmark?") The largest were of 540 acres and over, and there were 822 of such estates. The smallest farms comprised 7 1-5 acres. There was one place in South Australia where a family of 11, obtained a living off 8 acres, but that was not to say that every family could get a living off such a small holding. Personally he favored a classification which would give a minimum quantity of land consistent with the possibility of a reasonable 1 vmg being obtainable from that land. Of first class land, for instance, 640 acres might be sufficient for a family of, say, five or six individuals, whereas 1280 acres of second class and 2000 or 3600 acres of third class country might be required. Much of the farm work in Denmark, probably a third of the year's operations, must be done indoors, for the winter was nard, an 11 the stock must be housed and attended to. Much more labor as well as accommodation was required on a Danish farm than would be necessary in any part of Australia. Emigrants were turning their eyes towards the Commonwealth as a country offering inducements superior to those offered by Canada, where for several months of the year they could not carry on any outdoor avocation owing to the intense cold. From the officers of the Dutch warships which recently visited Adelaide there was an expression of great admira- tion for Australia. One of the officers told him that the one thing he regretted was that he was not 20 years younger, as no country in the world offered him such inducement to settle in it as Australia. The- shares in Denmark made an advance equal to 90 per cent, in order to help a man to purchase a small holding, the basis of the calculation being the cost of the land, house, stock, and necessary implements. The borrower paid back at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum, of which I per cent was regarded as a refund of principal, but no interest was charged on half of the land until the other half had been cleared off. It meant charging no interest for practically half the time the loan was run. j ning. Aggregations were forbidden by j law. The principle of one man one farm I was adopted, and no man was allowed to buy for or sell to another who had a. j farm adjoining. The principle struck at a large estates, seeing that the value of in a tense cultivation was recognised where the area of land, was limited. He had been very much impressed with what had been said by the London "Weekly Times'' special commissioner on September 10, 1910\. In conversation with a large agriculturist in Denmark he received the following reply:-" There is no land here not cultivated, for our land is worth from £35 to £50 an acre, and we cannot afford to keep it idle.' In those words a practical Copenhagen business man, whose dealings are mostly with small farmers, described what may be called the local agricultural situation during my visit last week to Denmark." The commissioner proceeded, Denmark is essentially a country of small holdings, and a elos-er- sottie ment policy is being pursued. with much activity and earnestness, by a boy eminent keenly conscious that what Denmark has already accomplished in part she can do, with most advantageous, results, as a whole." The writer gave a schedule showing how the land was distributed, as follows:-"The latest figures I can find relating to the distribution of the land in Denmark are as follow: Estates of J to 6 acres, 92,656; total acreage, 1.700: and ¡ average size. 1.6 acre; ft to 244 acres. 06.491 in number; total acreage, 836.633; average size. 12.6 acre: over 240 acres, 73.9; acreage, 5.514,978: and average size. 74.7. The total number of small farms averaging from 1 of an acre to 24 acres '. was 233,036, and the total acreage ' 6.507,402." The area of Denmark was only 9,375,403 acres. So that there was not much room for large estates. and the ' figures given went to show the value of intense culture. (Mr. Howe-"It is a strong argument for immigration.") The people in Australia seemed also to be able ; to make a very good living on small j acreages. (Mr. Mou'den-"Not at eight hours a day." He was not dealing with that. As a set off against the working of j 9, 12, or 16 hours a day in Denmark it must be remembered that for three months of the year the stock had to ne loud, and no outdoor employment could be engaged in. Those and other disadvantages would balance the case in favor of Australia. The writer also said "Tak- ing things as they are, the country is marvellously prosperous. When one keeps in mind the severe handicap under which the climate puts them, the Danish farmers accomplish miracles." What might he considered a departmental document relating to Danish agriculture was supplied by the Danish vice-consul at Copenhagen. It described a cottage farm of 4 acres, at Tslioi, by saying It contain.? six fields, two green crops and one each with oats, roots, barlow and clover. It carries 2 cows, 1 horse." 220 runs, and 4 ducks." The sales for 1909. consisting of pigs, calves, eggs, fowls, ducks, milk, give a total of £109 187. (Mr. Lucas- "What were the expenses?") They were not given. The return stated that the size of a peasant's farm varied from 20 to 150 acres, and that the majority had 80 area, by which they might understand that 80 acres was the average holding. The statement continued: -"On a farm of this size, SO acres, we find kept about 20 dairy cows, giving 132 000 lb. of milk, to the value of about £300; 70 pigs, which are sold to the co-operative butter factory for £222. On the land 13 grown from 2800 to 2,0 CO bushels of grain (valued from £270 to £300 and 12,000 bushels of roots (value £138) ; making a total of 963 value taken from 80 acres." The same document gives as another example, a farm of 123 acres Arable land, 93 acres; perm 'ment pasture, 14 acres; lucern, 4 acres; garden, &c;, 4 acres; and stated: "The arable land is divided into seven fields-one each for wheat, barley, root crops, oats, clover, and grass. The crop represents Wheat, 960 bushels, value £146: barley, 800 bushels, value £122; roots. 20,000 bushels, value. £222; oats, 1,200 bushels, value £150; total Millie £040. Forty dairy cows are kept, and the value of the milk production (275,000 lb.) last year is set down at £625. Last year the pigs sold brought in £305 (moHry pure bred for breeding purposes, and the total income (gross) for the year was £1,670. The farm, with buildings, stock, and machines, is valued at 2550.'." Near Odense small holders to the number of 150 000 had established a college for the training of their young men and women, and also of themselves. Adults took all the advantages they could of the college courses, and were always eager to obtain knowledge that paid. The principal re- ported: "The object is to demonstrate what can be done on a small area of land.-' A great feature in the, arrangement of the small farms was the reservation of a part of the land for the cultivation of some special products of high value. From 40 acres a man should draw in a year £286 IA, and after paying all expenses he would have about £80 clear. In respect to an area of 18 acres, the gross return ought to be about £662 10/, and after paying all charges for the year the net return should be about £160 a year." He would also direct their attention to the land settlement policy in Victoria, as reported in "The Express" on November 4\. 1916, in an interview with Mr. T. Hastie (a member of the Victorian Closer Settlement Board), and Mr. J. E. Jenkins (secretary'' to the board), who came to Adelaide to make enquiries into the prospects of further settlement in the north-west of Victoria. Mr. Hastie said: "We have come over to have a look through the irrigation and reclamation works along the Murray, and the agricultural areas in the Pinnaroo district, which is so similar to a large extent of country on the Victorian side of the border. Mr. Jenkins said We intend to put into practice whatever we think will improve our present method of dealing with the land and settling the people on it. In Victoria we have an Act which provides for the annual expenditure of half a million of money ( £300,000 for the repurchase of land for closer settlement, and £200,000 for making advances to settlers in order to work their properties). Our board is empowered to make advances up to £500 on the basis of 60 per cent, of the improve- ments! effected. We also assist the worker by selling him £100 worth of land for a residence. In cases where a man is in permanent employment around Melbourne who advance up to £250 on his advance £50. Then there is the agricultural laborer who can be sold £200 worth of land. The largest quantity of repurchased land which can be granted one person is £2.500 worth, and, as in the cases of the workers, it is advanced on the basis of 6 per cent., extending over a long period of years. The intention of the scheme, of course, is to take the working man out of the crowded cities and place him in a more healthful occupation on a farm. Under our latest legislation in Victoria a permanent Closer Settlement Board was appointed last month, and the same Act also increased the duties of the board and gave it the responsibility of making advances to all settlers on Crown lands as well as on resumed lands. Previously the Crown lands were under the control of the, Lands Department. At present there is £2,500,000 invested in repurchased estates, the money having been provided by the sale of Victorian Government stock and debentures. That money had been expended during the past 10 years, and, notwithstanding the charges of 'red-tape,' etc, made against the management, the scheme has been worked at a return percentage on the cost of investment of 38 per cent. Allowing 31 per cent, as the average interest, it leaves less than one-half per cent, as the cost of management paid by the far :. On the whole the repayments have been well kept up, although where unfavor- able seasons were met with repay ments have been suspended but as solid improvements have been effected in all cases the Government have a fine security. The coming season's prospects are highly favorable, and we hoped that by January next nearly all the arrears will be wiped out When we started the land repurchase scheme in 1905 it was controlled by the Lands Department, and it was provided that allottees were debarred from selling, mortCTCine or transferring their properties for six years after allotment That meant that after six years the settlers received a fee simple for the land This was found to be useless in preventing the aggregation of lands which the Government had desired to stop when they repurchased To prevent that the Closer Settlement Act of 1904 was passed, and it carries with it the principle of one man one allotment up to £2 WO, with a perpetual residence of the allotted or one member of his family over the age of 18 years The applicant is allowed to bin his land at any time, and may then sell it but the condition in re- spect to that land that it must not be held by any one holding more than £2 500 worth of land. must be observed " He need not go to other countries for proof that closer settlement was beneficial The New Zealand Yearbook, 1905 showed that such a system had been advantageous in that Dominion Mr Warren had said that closer settlement had interfered with the pastoral industry. but such had not been the case in New Zealand (Mr Bruce-"The> have more large estates there than here") The principle was the same Sheepbreeding was gradually passing into the hands of the farming class There was a reservation regarding niMntifr iTtrt very rmp nprSOTl IVIS "illnVVPft to hold a greater area of land than would carry 20,000 sheep and 4000 head of cattle. He stated those figures from memory. In the Yearbook the returns made up to April 30 1908, showed that there were 22,449,053 sheep in the Dominion, or an increase of 1.465, 2S over the year ending April 30, 1907. The export of frozen lambs for the year ended June 30, 1909, amounted to 3.29 88S, and the export of frozen sheep for the same period was 2,038,640-a total of 5,163.528. There were sent away from New Zealand in a year almost as many frozen carcases as there were sheep in South Australia. The report of the Board of Land Purchases Commissioners in New Zealand on transac- tions for the year ended March 31, 1909, said: "During the year 121 estates (772.144 acres)" were offered to the Government, 45 properties were inspected on the ground (349,500 acres), and the board recommended the Government to purchase 15 estates of an area of 100,439 acres. The transactions for the year ended March 31\. 1999, comprised five estates, and the total area purchased was 73,156 acres, for which £339.630 was paid, and 242 796 was expended on roads, workers' dwellings, and other contingencies. The total area of land acquired and paid for to March 31 1909, was 1,195,291 acres, for which £5,146.999 was paid; and £452,6 has been spent on roads and in preparation for settlement. The capital value of estates acquired was thus £5,599,6S0." In view of what other countries were doing in regard to closer settlement he felt they were not legislating along wrong lines when they followed the lead. He drew members' attention to clause 7, which dealt particularly with the River Murray lands, and hoped the Bill would be passed so as to give the Government an opportunity of getting possession of portions of the river country that were suitable for closer settlement. (Mr. Duncan-"How much country have you got there already.") Com ara lively little. There were parts they wanted so as to make one continuous settlement. He had recently traversed the country to Berri Berri and Renmark, and found the class of land very suitable for intense culture or dairying purposes. He hoped the Bill would be passed. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN said he desired to speak about the Bill only because he had put many amendments on the files, and wanted to explain why they had been put in the form in which they appeared, he thought the quotations of the Minister of Agriculture regarding Denmark were not appro! Hate, as cond. tions in this State bore no similarity to the conditions in "Don mark. The companions drawn, therefore, seemed quite useless in regard to the Bill. There were some capitalists who had money in banks, while others had put their money into land, which they had purchased either from the Government or privately, and they had! brought the land to a state of culture that necessarily made persons who wanted to take it up for closer settlement look upon it with eager eyes. The Minister of Agriculture had said there were many persons who wanted land. In the same way some people would no doubt like to have the balance which a capitalist might have in the bank. (Mr. Klauer-"There is no analogy.") Recently two large parties which had joined with a view to having one strong union had agreed upon a platform, and portion of it was the introduction of a Closer Settlement Bill on the lines of the amendments of which he had given notice. The first amendment made the Act apply to estates, of the aggregate value of over £20,000, or of which one- third of the land was not cultivated annually. The second was to strike out clause 5, "Appeal" against land, tax assessment." In clause 7 where the acquisition of land was provided for, he proposed to move to insert extension of agriculture and" after purposes of" in Une 3. His third point was that a three years' notice should be given to those whose estates it was proposed to acquire in order to enable them to make the necessary arrangements for the disposal of their stud stock, and for leaving their land. The proposal i contained in the Bill would result in the absolute ruin of. many landholders. It practically meant that at the end of about seven months the Government could require the occupier to quit. Even a year or 18 months would not give him sufficient time to dispose of stock that might have taken him years to accumulate. The mode of acquisition should be as under the Lands Clauses Consol dation Act. the in corporation of which was provided for in clause 2, and he suggested that it should be by arbitration, one arbitrator to be appointed by each party, and a judge of the Supreme Court to president and umpire of the arbitration. Either party should have the right to appeal against the de- cision. He had given notice of another amendment, which was an adaptation of sub-section B of clause 4 of the Bill, that 10 per cent, should be added to the price in addition to the purchase money. He would support the second reading in the hope that his proposed amendments would be agreed to. He suggested to the Chief Secretary that if the first amendments he intended to move were carried, the Min s ter should agree to the insertion of the others without dividing the committee, so that members could see the full effect of the alterations better than was possible by a perusal of the detached list of amendments. If that course were followed, and members desired to make other alterations afterwards, the clauses affected could be recommitted. The Hon. J. H. HOWE said he had been looking forward to the Bill for some time. He thought it had a good chance of passing the second reading, and would very likely get through the committee, He suggested to the Minister of Agriculture to do as he (Mr. Howe) had been doing lately. He had been reading the history of Sicily, the garden of the Mediterranean. Notwithstanding the beautiful climatic conditions of that country, he found that the peasantry lived in a most degraded state, and were an uneducated people. It was a great wine growing country, but the people were temperate, and. he believed, frugal and fairly thrifty. Owing to their deplorable condition hundreds of thousands of them went to Canada and the United States of America. It was no use. however, comparing the conditions in Sicily with those in Australia, for the poorest of the Australian people were princes and princesses in comparison. Nor were the morals of those people to be compared with those of the Australians. He had advocated land repurchase for a considerable time, but he regretted that it had come to compulsory repurchase, which could scarcely be justified in South Australia. He questioned whether they had 750,000 acres of arable land fit for compulsory repurchase. (Mr. Lewis-"Nothing like it.") The large landholders were only too anxious to get rid of their land at the present prices. (Mr. K'auer-"That's the point.") A man and his family became attached to their home because of its environment and associations, but he agreed that when the land was suitable for' increased population it was desirable in the interests of the State that more people should be settled on it. If, however people were driven from their homes they were entitled not only to the fair market value, but should also be com- pensated for the loss inflicted upon them. When the land was taken in the interests of the whole of the State, and when it was not known who was going to occupy it. it was only right that the new occupants should be called upon to pay only the market value, the compensation to be paid to the owner being a fair charge upon the State. He would support the second reading and try to improve it in committee. Carried. In committee. Clauses 12 and 3 passed. Clause 4. Definitions. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to amend the clause by striking out lines .' to 7. If the scheme he had outlined was given effect to there would be no need for the definition of "fair value." The CHIEF SECRETARY said the clause provided ran equitable method of valuation. He would take a vote on the clause. , The Hon. T. PASCOE said he knew a case in which the Taxation Department had assessed some land belonging to a farmer at 3 which the owner considered worth only £1 10s an acre, and land which the owner regarded as worth £3 had been assessed at £1 10. Such instances could be multiplied enormously, and yet the Government proposed to base the principle of compulsory repurchase on unimproved values. It was a rotten reed to base it upon. He hoped the unimproved value basis would be eliminated so far as valua- tions for compulsory repurchase were concerned. The Hon. E. L. W. KLAUER said the difficulty would be overcome by making an annual valuation on an unimproved basis. The clause should be retained as it stood. The Hon. T. PASCOE said there was a factor in getting at the unimproved value of rural estates which would be utterly lost sight of in the Taxation Department. They could get no idea of what improvements had been effected. For example, a man had to pay as much as £3 an acre for clearing his land, and afterwards he had nothing to show for it. Some land had been cleared 50 years ago, and that had made the land of some value for agricultural purposes. With all due deference to the Government unimproved value for taxation purposes was a myth. If they wanted to take property compulsorily, above all things they should be fair as to values. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN said the practice of a district council had been to take 75 per cent, as a basis, so that for land worth £5 an acre the assessed value was £3 15. In the Bill 7/6, or 10 per cent., would be added, thus bringing the valua- tion up to £4 2/6. That was the proposal of the Government, supported by Mr. Klauer, and it was altogether a false principle. An annual valuation might apply to Thebarton, but it was a different proposition when applied to the whole of South Australia. It was doubtful if there had ever been any real valuation of large holdings, because the valuations which had been made had been arrived at practically by a rule of thumb method. The owner of the land and the Taxation Department agreed as to what might be regarded as a fair average value, and the matter was fixed up in that way. Land- owners in the future ought to insist on S proper system of valuation by the Government, because in many cases rather than go through the expense of attending the court in regard to the assessment the- owner paid in many cases more than he should be agreed with Mr. Pascoe in respect to allowance being made for the work of clearing land. That ought to be treated as bona-fide improvements. Mr. Rid doch's experience at Koorine was a case in point. That gentleman had spent a large sum in the drainage of his land, thus increasing its value, and yet it was not allowed for Mr. Moulden's amendment would supply the omission. He hoped the Chief Secretary would save time by accepting the divisions on the principal amendments as the verdict of the Council and expedite the passage of the measure. The Hon. J. H. HOWE desired that the present occupiers should receive fair value for their property if it were taken compels sorry, but the Bill did not provide for that, and he would support the amendment. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON would vote for the amendment. He disagreed with members who talked About unimproved value. There was no such thing as unimproved value, because land was utterly valueless until the owner spent labor and. capital on it. The amendment was put in the form "that the words proposed to be struck out stand part of the clause." It was declared negatived. The CHIEF SECRETARY, called for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes. 4-The Minister of Agriculture. Hons. E. L. W. Klauer, A. W. Styles, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes. 10-ton. A. R. Addison, T Bruce, J. Cowan, J. J. Duncan, J. H Howe, J. Lewis, E. Lucas, J. Warren, "T. Pascoe, and B. A. Moulden (teller). Majority of six for the Noes. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to add to the definition of large estate" the following: "And of which the owner L. not cultivating annually one-third of the arable land of such large estate." The CHIEF SECRETARY hoped the amendment would not be accepted. How was it proposed to decide what portion man estate was arable? The Hons. LUCAS suggested the 16 section before "one-third" iii the words at least." The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN agreed to add the words to his motion. At 6.30 p.m. the sitting of the committee was suspended until 7.30 p.m. On resuming. The Hon. T. PASCOE said it was a w cognised thing that the best plan was to work land, on the three years' principles Agriculturists on small holdings were not on the average, doing more than that. He therefore considered the. amendment of the lines of justice and fairness. The Hon. T. BRUCE said the Chief Se» retary seemed perturbed concerning how A decision would be arrived at as to what was arable and what pastoral land, and seemed to think that difficulty would be experienced in deciding whether a holder was cultivating one-third of his arable land. Valuations would have to be more carefully made, and a plan kept, showing which was pastoral and which arable land, reference to which would immediately show what ther a holder was complying with the pro vision proposed by Mr. Moulden. The amendment was declared carried. The CHIEF SECRETARY called for ft division, which resulted as follows: Ayes (Symons. A. R. Addison, T. Bmoe, J. Cowan. J. J. Duncan, J. Lewis, T. Pascoe, J. Warren, and B. A. Moulden (teller.) Noes (40-mile Minister of Agriculture. Hons. E. L. W. Klauer. A. W. Styles, and the Chief Secretary (teller.) Majority of 4 for the Ayes. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved that the definition of unimproved value," is clause 4. be struck out. It was an amendment consequent upon previous amendments in the clause. The Hon. J. LEWIS asked if the definition of large estate meant land in the country or in the town and country. For instance, if a man held a block of land in the country that was worth £10,000. and land in the city that made the aggregate over £20.000, would the Government take the town land or the country land. The CHIEF SECRETARY said the last clause' in the Bill stipulated that the Act should not apply to find in the city of Adelaide. (Mr. Lewis-"Supposing it were Port Adelaide or Port Pirie.") It must be one son. (Mr. Lewis "It does not say M> in the Bill." The Hon. T. PASCOE believed that, even if the estate was not held in one area it would be considered in the aggregate. Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 5. Appeal against land tax assessed ment. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved that the clause be struck out. Carried. Clause 0. Passed. Clause 7. Acquisition of land. The Hon. J. COWAN moved to insert after "reclamation" in line 2 "except an*f lands already reclaimed or on which embankments are in course of construction." The CHIEF SECRETARY did not think the amendment was necessary. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN supported the amendment.' Carried. , - The Hon. 'B. A. MOULDEN moved to insert after "of" in line 4 extension of agriculture and." Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 8. Preliminary notice of intention to acquire. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved the following amendments: Page 3, line 7 Strike out "land and insert large estate." Lines 7 and 8 Strike out and valuation of such land and insert thereof." Lines 8 and 9-Strike out "in accordance with. Part I. of the principal Act." Line 11 After first word "of" insert "such;" and strike out to acquire such land." Lina 12-Strike out the valuators will commence to inspect and insert "an inspection of." Lines 12 and 13 Strike out "for the purpose of making such valuation" and insert will be made. Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 9. Land may be entered upon for valuation. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved the following amendments: Page 3, line 17 Strike out "land and insert large estate." Line 18 Strike out Valuators may with such assistants as they deem necessary and insert "Commissioner or any person authorised by him may." Line 22-Strike out "valuation" and insert inspection." Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 10. Registrar-General to note in Register book. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to amend the clause as follows Page 3, line 23-Strike out "8" and insert "12." insert at end of clause 10 "and if the land is not under the Real Property Act the Registrar-General shall register a memorial of the said notice in the General Registry Office for Deeds." It was necessary that there should be something in the nature of a registration notice in the other office. Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 11. Notice to bind all persons infni-Actprl The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to amend the clause as follows Page 3, lina 29-Strike out "8" and insert "12"; line 30-After "a" insert memorial of a" and strike out has been; line 31 Strike out "8" and insert "12 has been registered as aforesaid, to the word "notice" add the letter "s. after shall insert respec- tively"; line 32-After "giving" insert "or registration"; line 33 Strike out "or with- in a period of 18 months thereafter"; line 35-Strike out "within" and insert at the expiration of, after "period" insert of three, years" and have 40-At the beginning of line insert for registration in the General Registry Office for Deeds." Carried. Clause as amended agreed to Clause 12. Notice of intention to acquire. _ The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to amend the clause as follows Page 3. line 41 Strike out "land" and insert large estate"; line 42-After the word which insert a preliminary": line 43-After the word "stating" insert that at the expiration of three years from the date of such last-mentioned notice"; subsection 2 Strike out the whole; and line 45, subsec- tion 2-Strike out "that." , Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 13. Owner may reserve land not exceeding £20,000 in value. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved in line 1 to strike out six months after." and insert the in line 2, to strike out has been;" in lines 8, 9, 10, and 11 to strike out and where more persons than one are the owners of such large estate the right to select and retain may be exercised by the owners in such a way as the Commissioner determines;" in line 16 to strike out the letter '"s" in sections," and strike out "8 and:" in line 17 to strike out respec- tively." Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 14. Owner may require whole estate to be taken. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved in page 4, line 21, to strike out six months after" and insert the in line 22 to strike has been, to strike out "land and insert large estate;" in line 40 to strike out the figure "8 and insert "12." Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 15. Mode of acquiring the land. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved that the clause be struck out. It was not required now. Carried. - Clause 16. Registrar-General to make necessary entries. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN" moved that the clause be struck out. As in the case of the previous clause, it was not required. Carried. Clause 17. Price to be determined by arbitration failing agreement. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved in page 5, line 37, to strike out '"by proclamation in lines 40 and 41 to strike out the whole line to and including the word Com- missioner' in line 41, and strike out the word "an at end of line 4 and insert the in lines 42 and 43 to strike out from the word "under" to end of clause and insert of three arbitrators, of whom one shall be a judge of the Supreme Court, who shall act as president and umpire, and one appointed by the Commissioner, and one by the owner." Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. clause 18. Price. The Hon. B. A, MOULDEN moved in page 5, line 44, to strike out by proclama- tion;" in line 45 to strike out whether, and insert "if;" to strike out agreement -or;" in use 46 to strike out all words after " "arbitration" in that line in page 6, line 1, to strike out "provided always that" and \- insert "shall not in cases;" after the word owner to insert "las;" in line 2 to strike out all words after "consideration" to and including the word "agreed" in line 3; in lines 7 and 8 to strike out by proclama- tion." Carried. The Hon. T. PASCOE said he questioned whether the first subsections were needed. They had in other parts of the Bill made provision for a. man to get an absolutely fair price for his hand, and they might very well drop out any reference to past history. A landholder might have given a fancy price for portion of his land because it happened to be within his home ' dary or adjacent to his holding. The PRESIDENT We cannot go back to the first part of the clause now. .. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 19. Award of arbitrators. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to strike out the in- line 13, page 6, and to insert either party to the arbitration dissatisfied with, and to strike out of line 14 all words after the figures "17" to the end of the 17th. line and insert shall have the right to appeal to the Supreme Court of the State, and the said court may either confirm, set aside, or vary the said award to such extent and on such terms as the said court shall think fit; to strike out from subsection 2 the words "or umpire"' and "umpire or" in line 26, and to re- number the subsections as Nos. 12 3, 4, and 5 Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 20. Owner may retain possession for a period of six months 1 The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved "that the clause be struck out" as it was unnecessary. Carried. Clause 21. service of notices. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to strike out from line 3, page 7, all the words after "business.'" Under the clause as it stood the Government could fix a notice upon any convenient gum tree or elsewhere on the property, and it might remain there quite unknown to the owner for the whole three years. He thought the committee would see that in obviating such a possibility the amendment was a proper one. Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Clause 22 passed. Clause 231 Northern Territory and Adelaide not affected. The Hon. T. PASCOE moved to strike was the word the before "city" and insert in its place "any," and to strike out the words of Adelaide after "city" and insert "town or township." That would exempt town lands, and would meet the objection of Mr. Lewis that there was no provision as to whether town lands should be part of a large estate. He thought his amendment would bring about what the Government intended. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN supported the amendment. Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved that clause 18 be reconsidered. Carried. Clause 18. Price. The Hon. B. A. MOULDEN moved to insert the following new subsection (3) in addition to the purchase money fixed by such arbitration, a further sum, equal to 10 per cent, of the amount of such purchase money, shall be added thereto as compensation to the owner for the compulsory taking of his land." The Government might take the land at a time which would be very inconvenient to the owner, who should receive some little compensation for being turned out of his home. The CHIEF SECRETARY said it was not a case of turning the owner out of his home, as the Bill provided that he could, if he chose, retain £20,000 worth of his land. s Carried. Clause as amended agreed to. Title passed, The Bill was reported, with amendments, -and the report was adopted. The third reading was made an order of the day for Thursday next. A FIRE BRIGADES AMENDMENT BILL. A message was received from the House of Assembly intimating that it had passed a Bill to amend the Fire Brigades Act of 1904. The Bill was read the first time, and the second reading was' made an order of the day for the next day. OUTER HARBOR AND RAILWAY EXTENSION BILL. A message was received from the House of Assembly intimating that it had passed a Bill authorising the extension of the bar brand railway constructed under the Harbor and Railway Act of 1901. The Bill was read the first time, and the Second reading was made an order of the day for Thursday next. ABATTOIRS BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in moving the second reading said the Abattoirs Act was a fairly ? lengthy measure, which was discussed fully in 1908. The present Bill, which had 16 clauses, contained certain amendments found- necessary in the 1902 Act, and he thought members would support them. The Bill might be said to accomplish three objects, namely, to amend the machinery for electing representative members of the board, to increase the borrowing powers of the board, and to modify ? the provisions prohibiting the sale of meat not slaughtered at the abattoirs. Clause ; 3 defined what "treasurer" meant. Clause 4, which defined "bacon," amended section 8 of the Act, which exempted from the operation of the Act bacon brought into the metropolitan abattoirs area from some place outside. 'Bacon was defined in the section so as to include dried, smoked, or salted flesh of swine." The effect of the proposed amendment would be to exclude salted or pickled pork from the exemption created by the section. (Mr. Lewis-"How are you going to make bacon without salt? It is not bacon until it is called.") He fancied there was a ship in that connection, but he would look into the question, which could be put right in committee. The board gave the following reasons for the proposal:" A large quantity of ham and bacon is made both within and without the area, and it would be possible for a manufacturer outside the area to make bacon and ham of certain portions of a pair killed at his own premises and bring the rest of the carcase sashed into the metropolitan area for sale, and thus evade the provisions of the Act." A slight in accuracy in section 10 was put right by clause 5. That section provided that the representative members" should be appointed by the bodies therein mentioned. As a matter of fact the succeeding sections showed that some of the bodies "appoint" and others, the smaller bodies, which had not the right of separate representation, "elect" members. The first important provision was clause 6, which proposed to substitute a fresh scheme for the election of members of the board by the constituent councils, which had not the J. right of separate representation. At present each council in a group of such councils nominated its candidate, and informed the Mayor of Adelaide (as chairman of the board) of its nominee; then the names of all the nominees were submitted by the mayor to the councils, and each council acting as a body exercised its choice. As might be expected, when the powers of nomination and election were vested in identically the same bodies, each council chose its own nominee, FOR that each candidate got one vote, and practically in every case the chairman's casting vote decided the matter. A much more reasonable scheme existed in connection with the Municipal Tramways Trust. Each council in the group made its own nomina- tion: the names of all the nominees were submitted to all the councils, and then the individual members of the councils. and not the councils as bodies, exercised the voting power, and the candidate who thus got the greatest number of votes was the member to represent the group. In case of equality, which was far less likely to occur than under the scheme in the Abattoirs Act, the chairman decided by his features vote. That was the scheme which by clause 6 of the Bill it was proved to substitute for the one in section subsections 1 to 4 of the Act. Clause 1 was merely consequent upon the preceding clause. The next important matter in order of sequence was that dealt with in clauses 3 to 10.. Clause 8 increased the borrowing power of the board from £100,000 to £250,000, and validated contracts already made on the assumption that the last-mentioned sum would be the limit of such power; and clause 9 authorised the Treasurer to lend the board basis of money for any term not exceeding 42 years on debentures. It was found, as was expected, would be the case, that the limit which Parliament imposed by the Act in 1908 would be insufficient for the works, and, besides that, the cost of everything had very much increased during the last two years, so that if the Act was ever to come into operation the borrowing power must be vastly increased. (Mr. Lewis "Would it not be better to stop this until we get cheaper material and cheaper labor?") The cost of everything had very much increased in the past few years. (Mr. Bruce-"Did not the Government agree to lend to the board the first £100,000?") He did not wish to go into that matter just then. They were dealing with the necessity of providing additional money The requirements of the abattoirs had been underestimated. The whole thing had been gone into thoroughly, and ways in which the cost could be cut down had been considered, but they had come to the conclusion that it would be far better to erect a substantial structure while they were doing the work. When it was found that the board urgently required further funds negotiations took place, and the Treasurer agreed to finance the board temporarily. The object of the latter part of clause 8 and clause 9 was to validate these advances, and to allow them to remain for as long as 42 years if required. That called for an amendment of section 40, which limited the term to 30 years. A further amendment of section 40 was to be effected by subdivision 11. of clause 10. Subsection 4 of that section authorised the payment of interest out of the moneys borrowed for three years, but required the amounts so paid to be restored out of revenue before any of the surplus revenue (after payment of working expenses and interest and contributions to sinking funds could be distributed amongst the constituent corporations and councils. The amendment in question proposed to remove that embargo, and the board in support of that policy argued that the Act as it stood provided that the board might capitalise the interest on debentures during three years from the passing of the Act, and section 25 provided that the board might treat similarly all costs and expenses incidental to and preliminary to the passing of the Act, but it qualified that by enacting that all expenditure so capitalised must be restored out of revenue before any division of profits was made. In the opinion of the Metropolitan Abattoirs Board, the qualification was opposed to fair and proper financial management, as it imposed a very heavy charge upon the revenue for the year in which the establishment started business, over and above the expenses properly charge- able to that year, the inclusion of which would result in the undertaking showing an apparent loss, thus necessitating a call upon the funds of the councils comprising the board. The effect of the suggested amendment would be merely to allow the board to follow the recognised commercial method of treating such expenditure, which was also the practice laid down by the statute law in England, and locally, as. for instance, by the Tramways Act. That the method was sound in principle would be admitted when it was borne in mind that such expenditure represented the essential first step in the carrying out of any scheme, such as the establishment of abattoirs and markets; or any undertaking the erection and equipment of which occupied some considerable time. As such it undoubtedly formed part of the original cost of the undertaking, and was therefore capital expenditure. All expenditure, necessary to acquire any revenue-producing property, such as the cost of a title to land, the benefit of which was enjoyed by the undertaking throughout the full term of its existence, was unquestionably capital outlay. The _ latest authoritative opinions on the point were reflected in the English Companies (Consolidation) Act, of 1008. That Act expressly provided for the payment out of capital of the interest on share capital, where the latter had been raised for the construction of buildings or the provision of plant which cannot be made profitable for a lengthened period, and provided that sums so paid might be made a permanent addition to the cost of constructing the works. That being so with regard to private companies, furnished additional argument in favor of the same course being followed in the case of a permanent muni cipal] undertaking, seeing that in the case of the latter all expenditure charged to capital, whether such expenditure be represented by negotiable assets or otherwise, had to be repaid within a stated time by means of an adequate sinking fund. Clause 11 simply provided that in case debentures were issued by the board on what was called the terminable annuity principle" nothing need be paid into a sinking fund for the redemption of the moneys borrowed on such debentures. Under the principle in question the annual sums which would otherwise be set apart for redemption were at once applied for that purpose in place of being accumulated and invested in some other security for the full term of the loan, which they were intended to repay. The clause thus involved no departure from the policy of the Act. The other important matter dealt with in the Bill appeared in clause 12. Unless the amendments therein proposed were made, when the Act was in operation it would be illegal to make use of carcases of sheep and lambs slaughtered for export at exempted export slaughter- houses or by the Produce Export Departement and rejected for export purposes on the ground that they were under weight. There was no reason why such carcases should not be sold if they had been previously inspected and branded as mentioned at the end of sub-division 2 of clause 12. The new sub-section 8 in subdivision II. of the same clause was consequent upon sub-division I and merely provided for fees for inspection, in the cases just referred to; and the new subsection 9 was meant to prevent abuse of the exemption proposed to be created by separating export slaughtering from slaughtering for home consumption. Clause 13 proposed to amend section 76, which made the whole of part 12 of the Municipal Corporations Act apply to the abattoir to be erected. Unless that was altered the plans and specifications of the proposed works would have to be deposited in the offices of each constituent council for inspection by all persons interested, where- upon any person who deep. himself affected by the works would have the right to lodge an objection, to be heard by the council, and before the work could proceed the several councils would have to make orders that they should be carried out. It could never have been the intention of Parliament that works which Parliament itself authorised should afterwards be submitted for further consideration by the various councils. The procedure of the first nine sections of part 12 was altogether inapplicable in its nature to such an | undertaking as the present, and the tenth section was set out in section 77 of the Abattoirs Act. Clause 13 therefore proposes to amend section 75 by omitting the first 10 sections of part 12 of the Municipal Corporations Act, and allowing the remaining sections, which were useful, to apply. Dause 14 sought to amend section 80 of the principal Act. That section was worded on the assumption that no additional councils would come into the abattoirs area until after the abattoirs were in working order; but several had already been added to the area, and the amendments were merely consequent thereupon. Clause 15 was intended to enable the Railways Commissioner to exchange certain pieces of land vested in him for land vested in the board. The exchange was mutually advantageous; but the Commissioner? powers of dealing with property vested in him were limited by the Acts under which he worked, and the power to dispose of surplus lands was not one of those powers; consequently -pen rail legislative authority was access to cm v out the exchange contemplated. Clause Ki was purely fm mail. In order to make the Mt- ' bind the Crown' A idolaters to that effect must be- in the Bill. On the motion of the Hon. J. LEWIS the debate was adjourned till next day A". ADJOURNMENT. At 9.10 p.m. the Council adjourned till the next day at 2 p.m. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday. November S. The Speaker (Sir Jenkin Coles) took the chair at 2 p.m. A STANDARD RAILWAY GAUGE. The PREMIER (Hon. J. Verran), in reply to Mr. Ritchie, said he had received no , information from the Acting Prime Minister with regard to a conference on the adoption of a standard gauge for Australia. ESTIMATES AND POLLING-PLACES. The Governor transmitted by' message the excesses on votes, the Northern Territory Estimates, and the excesses on the Northern Territory Estimates, which were referred to the Committee of Supply. He also intimated that he had issued proclama-, lions declaring the following polling-places: Point Pearce, in the electorate of Wallaroo; New Glenelg, in the district of . Torrens; Eastern Well, in the district of Victoria and Albert: Halifax-street East, Light square West, and Whitmore-square West, in the district of Adelaide. TRAMLINE TO LAKE FOWLER. Mr. VERRAN, in reply to Mr. Allen, said the Government was considering the question of constructing a tramway from Edithburg to Lake Fowler, in view of the bad state of the road. EDUCATION MATTERS. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. F.. W. Coneybeer), in reply to Mr. Senior, said the condition of the schools at Mount Gambier and Port MacDonnell would be considered and improved as soon as possible. There were dozens of schools in want of improvements, and the Education Department was seeking to rectify defective conditions one school at a time. He told Mr. Burgoyne he had conferred with the Director of Education in regard to sending a teacher to Woolshed school at an early date. Mr. VERRAN, in reply to Mr. Homburg said the contract for a new school and residence at Murray Bridge would be signed this week. He told Mr. Pflaum that before the Federal Government took over the building, the present Government would require to know what they proposed to pay for it also, whether it would be required for the State purposes. Mr. CONEYBEER told Mr. Moseley he would consider the request for improved accommodation at the Bramfield and Elliston schools. I SALVATION LEANE. The TREASURER (Hon. C. Vaughan) promised Mr. Cole to obtain a further report on the "blue weed known as "Sal- vation Jane." CORNEY POINT JETTY. Mr. VERRAN told Mr. Allen that he would instruct an officer to report on the site of a jetty at Corney Point. DIPHTHERIA AT GAWLER. Mr. CONEYBEER told Mr. Rudall he was extremely sorry to hear that another case of diphtheria had occurred at Gawler. An epidemic of diphtheria was a very difficult thing to fight. He would ask the health officers to make an inspection of the sanitary arrangements and the drink- ing vessels at the Gawler school. MAOCPE STATION. Mr. VAUGHAN, in reply to Mr. Senior, said the Government had not been approached by the owners of Maaoupe station with a view to purchasing it. ASIATICS AND STATE CONTRACTS Mr. DENNY told Mr. Crush the Government Resident advises Three offers were received for the contract for the removal of the Government boring plant from West Arm to Port Darwin: all stipulated the use of the only team at West Arm, which belongs to Chinamen. Unders allowed, a team would have had to go from Port Darwin overland, over a week's journey, to West Arm. The work was done by Asiatics. ISLINGTON ROLLER MILL. Mr. VERRAN told Mr. Green:-The Railways Commissioner reports-The not in cost to date of erecting the roller mill at Islington workshops has been £7.523. It has not been used since its erection. The authorities are waiting the erection of a large- steam hammer, which has been or- dered, for forgetting scrap for the mill. AVENUE" RANGE" TELEPHONE. Mr. VERRAN-told Mr. Campbell:-The Railways Commissioner reports that the Railway Department did not refuse to allow the erection of a public telephone in the railway cottage at Avenue Range. Per- mission will be given if requested by the Deputy Postmaster-General, subject to suitable agreement and on payment of small rental. . TARCOOLA WATER SUPPLY. Mr. VERRAN told Mr Moseley the question of an improved water supply for Tarcoola will receive early and careful consideration. ARREST AT PORT PIRIE Mr. DENNY told Mr. Jackson that £5 reward was paid to a police officer for the recovery of an alien sailor of the steamer Swanley at Port Pirie. The recovery was due to information given by a civilian, and £5 was paid to that person. The practice is that where recoveries are due to information supplied by civilians the police officers get the reward when they make the arrest. BRINKWORTH TO PORT BROUGHTON . RAILWAY. Second reading. Mr. VERRAN, in moving the motion, said the Select Committee appointed to consider this question had approved of the altera- tion of the horse tramway into a steam railway. The tramway had been there 34 years, and the trade of the district had far outgrown such a primitive means of transport. Tile district to be traversed was climatically an absolutely safe one. In the year 1908-9 Mundoora forwarded 11,000 tons of goods to Port Broughton. Tile estimate of the committee for a railway equal to the Pinnaroo line was £109.200, including rolling-stock; strengthening the existing line?, £13,400; total, £122,600. It was estimated that the revenue from the new line and the additional traffic on existing lines would more than cover the working expenses and interest on new capital. The Select Con mittee recommended the guarantee system, and that was embodied in the Bill, but not the recommendation that the district should, before the opening of the railway, establish a guarantee fund of £2.000. The Railways Commissioner, in his report of November 2, 1916. estimated the cost of the line at £147,300: rolling-stock, £25,000; total. £172,300: revenue, £10,000; working expenses, £6,500; interest on capital, £6,92: net loss. £3,302, which would most probably be met by additional traffic on existing lines. He was convinced that the line would justify its construction, and that if a direct return was not obtained, it would still pay the State indirectly. On the motion of Mr. L. O'LOUGHLIN the debate was adjourned till next day. EDUCATION BILL. Mr. CONEYBEER introduced a Bill for an Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to public education. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for Thursday next. FIRE BRIGADES BILL. In committee. Clause 5. Repeal of subsection 3 of section 19 of the principal Act. Mr. DENNY agreed that the borrowing powers of the board should be restricted. He moved to strike out the last word, repealed." and to insert in lieu thereof "amended so as to read as follows: Moneys borrowed under this section shall not at any time exceed £23.000.' " The marginal note would have to be altered as well. Mr. SMEATON was glad some limit was to be put upon the borrowing powers of the board. Mr. HOMBURG and Mr. PONDER supported the amendment, which was carried, and the clause as amended was carried. The preamble and title passed, the Bill WIL- i opened and the standing orders having biMi -u-jKi'iieil. the report was adopted and tin Hill wife lead a third turn- rapid [raid. slit like LOMMI.-->IONS BILL. In i onimitUc. < consideration of the Legislative Coun- cil's jiueuiimc-nt* Amendment -No. 1 was- Accepted. Mr. Dl'A.VV moved that amendment No. 2 ejects d. as it was unfair to load the provisions with unnecessary words. The Bil was a copy of the English Act and of those in the other States-. The amendment was? rejected Amendment No. 3 was accepted. Mr. DENNY' moved that amendment No 4 be rejected The court must, be allowed some- discreet on, but a fine would not meet even case. Mr. R DOYLE -are -IIrely they were not going back to the dark Age. WAS it necessary to imprison a man for taking a secret commission The amendment was rejected Amendment No. 2 Mr. DENNY thought £100 was too small a fine to be imposed for taking a big secret commission He moved that the amendment be rejected. Mr. RUDALL said £100 was big enough. Mr. SENIOR moved to strike out "one hundred" and make the maximum penalty " £250." The amendment was carried, and the amendment as amended agreed to. Amendments No 6 and 7 were accepted. The resolutions were reported, and the report was adopted. The Premier, Attorney-General, and the Treasurer were appointed A committee to draw up reasons for disagreeing with the Council's amend- meats. At 6.30 p.m. the House suspended its sitting for an hour. On resuming. OUTER HARBOR BILL Adjourned debate on second reading Mr. MCDONALD said the Premier had made out a very good case for extending the Outer Harbor. When first the original Bill was introduced he opposed it, but he now considered the undertaking a fair success. As the front door of South Australia we should make it an attractive and secure port. He would therefore support the Bill. When he was on the Wheat Commission they were told that Victoria and New South Wales could get freight 2/6 to 5/ per ton cheaper than in South Australia-the that state of things should not continue. The Outer Harbor would probably cost a million before it is complete, but it would then be capable of accommodating four large steamers at the same time. The re- vetment mound must be completed to make the harbor safe. Mr. GOODE considered that we were making the best of a bad job. This Bill justified very largely- the action of those hon. members who opposed the original scheme. Marino would unquestionably have afforded better facilities and a more attractive site than the Outer Harbor. Under the circumstances he would reluctantly support the Bill. The storms of last winter had shown the necessity of extend ing the revetment mound. The Bill was read a second time, passed through committee without amendment, and the standing orders having been suv pended, it was read a third time and passed. WILLUNGA RAILWAY BILL. I Adjourned debate on second reading. I Mr. SMEATON said between O'Halloran I Hill and Willunga lay as choice a district as was to be found in South Australia. As I one of the representatives of Torrens he favored the extension of railway communication to Brighton-an extension which should have been made years ago. He considered that the returns both from passengers and freight were underestimated by the Railways Commissioner, and that the i probable cost had been placed too high. 'The question of route was now definitely set tied. He was glad to see that the railway district was divided into two. Mr/ BLACKER-It isn't fair to the southern men. Mr. SMEATON-The ratepayers of the southern district went back on the Bill, otherwise the line would be under construction now. He hoped the members for Alexandra would work for the Bill and the members' for Torrens would help them. Mr. BLACKER-Your help will be good. Mr. SMEATON-That was a very unkind remark. He supported the Bill. Mr. HEGGATON, who was received with cheers, considered the Bill infinitely worse than that of last year. The failure then was largely due to the doubt as to the list bility of the ratepayers, and the amendments asked. for were in order to removals' uncertainty, on the subject. This Bill made some concessions, but the liability in the Willunga section had been increased. The separation of the Brighton and Willunga districts was clearly not the intention of the Royal Commission, which considered the whole project as one. (Hear, hear.) The guarantee principle was a bad one. but to divide the financial responsibility along the route was an abuse, of the system. (Hear, hear.) If the division into two districts remained he would hesitate to go into the district and recommend the measure. If the guarantee system was right it should be applied to our waterworks as well as railways. He believed the revenue would be much larger than was anticipated by the Railways Commissioner. The railway would carry thousands of head of stock from the country up to Yankalilla, and an extension to that place would open up great possibilities. The largest estate in the district was that of the Crown, and without a railway it could not be developed. (Hear, hear.) The revenue of the Brighton section had been inflated by some £3,000 for traffic from the Willunga line, otherwise it would show a loss to that extent, (near, hear.) a Mr. BROWN said to unite the two railway districts in one would be fatal to. the Bill. The railway to Brighton was only one-fourth of the line, and it would cost about one-seventh of the whole. The Brighton people were certain that their eyes tion of the railway would pay. and they, therefore, objected to be saddled with their portion of the estimated deficit. The grow- ing trade of the Brighton cement works was evidenced by the following figures The total tonnage of cement sent away and coal and coke carried to the works was 9.7 tons in 1907, 12.844 tons in 1908, and 12.360 tons for the nine months from January 1 to September 30, 1909. It was then that the unfortunate 'fire occurred, otherwise the traffic for the year 1909 would have been 16.450 tons. Sixteen thousand tons of cement, coal, and coke would be carried inwards and out- wards during the year, at an all-round cost of £2,400, as against the estimate of £1,785 by the Railways Commissioner. The company guaranteed to carry that weight over the railway if it was built. They employed 100 men now and £15,000 had been spent on the rebuilding of the works. If the railway were provided the output would be materially increased. The line would also serve Messrs. Pengelley and Co.'s factory at Edwardstown, where 300 men were employed. Of these 150 men would travel by train each day if the railway were built, while freights for the firm would reach thousands of pounds yearly. For this reason he supported the Bill. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T RYAN said the Railway Commissioner's office had done all in its power to kill the Bill while seeming to support it. The honorable understanding with the members for the district had been grossly violated. The plans had been tampered with. Mr. RUDALL-Do yon know the meaning of the terms you use. (Laughter.) Mr. RYAN did. The mayor of Brighton had written stating that the plan had been altered by the inclusion of North ward, although it had been agreed that it should not be so included. The residents of that ward would all vote against the Bill. The extra 720 acres were included with the object of killing the Bill. As the Bill stood at present there was no chance of the guarantee being accepted at Brighton. The Railways Department said there was no alteration to the plans, and that statement was absolutely false. He regretted that the bogey of a guarantee was in the Bill. He hoped the line would be carried along such a route as would make it most profitable to the important district which it w is in te cided to -one (lit a in it ) Air T VAIL^s -ml of tin i alway was found not to JMV the difficulty could be overcome by a using the right- heel is that by dint given before the ( coming in -town) t of the people it the south me and would have to pay IN le ii per ton for < urges him- the I alway right could be fixed at "70 'a ton for till - nuntin 1 its of the district and the inhabitant world still be lit nth ted He would I be to the the people, of Glenelg 01 Bnjiton putrid from voting on this Bill if that was when the measure would be attend it the poll He would like to set the Pill f rise but he did not approve of dividing the i thy IN dust this into two Those who find it in the railway should be made to take a run shut it the responsibility It was on the understanding that the Royal course in of which he was a member recommended the route via Edwardstown and Brighton He could not under rest and how Air Etvntll could oppose the Bill after In- son had given evidence favorable ed till railway bt lost the- Royal Commission Mr L OlOlGIIIIN said if and mistake had been made is regards the plan of the Brighton railway doubt it was not right to charge the Railway v- Commissioner with having tamper II with it Officials of the state did not do so li things it was the Government which should be charged If Mr Ryan would look at the two pi ins he would be that they are identical and after making such a charge he should get up and withdraw it The hon. member sneered and grinned instead of being re pendant and such an attitude was neither m till nor just to the Government officials (Hear, hear ) There would unquestionably be a loss on the railway and it was right that the residents should guarantee ii If the guarantee was insisted upon the people would use the railway otherwise they would do the cartage with their waggons at the slack times of the year Hit Bill should have been brought down in the same form as last year it would support the Bill if the guarantee principle was included (Hear he n ) Mr. PEAKE was sorry the Government had divided the i railways into two j arts "When they got the Bill into committee he would, support an amendment to bring it back to practically the same form as last 1st year Mr. MACGILLIVRAY would again give his support to the Bill, but he would oppose the scheme to divide the line into two parts. The district was languishing for a railway. The phosphate rocks and the slate quarries near Willunga would be worked if a line were built. The slate quarries were unequalled in Australasia. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COOMBE said Mr. Ryan had no justification for his remarks with reference to the Railways Commis.sioner, whom he had accused of having tampered with the plans. Mr. RYAN I said the Railway.- Commissioner asserted a certain plan was approved, and the chairman of the Brighton Council had said another was approved by the people. Mr. COOMBE said the Railways Commissioner would not tamper with a plan or do anything dishonorable. He would support the second reading. Mr. ANSTEY opposed the guarantee system. Railways should be run in the interests of the whole people, and not on purely commercial lines. The only scientific guarantee would be that the Government, one or two years after the line is constructed, should reassess the land in the railway district. The assessment should be on a graduated scale, according to the nearness of the land to the railway. He believed many of the Willunga residents regretted their attitude at the poll, and they were very lucky to have a second op- portunity- of considering the matter. He supported the Bill. Mr. SENIOR said he was struck by the fact that the cartage from Willunga cost no more than the railway carriage from Pinnaroo. If the question of carriage was the great difficulty, why was more hay grown in the district than wheat? Willunga was at one time prosperous, when the cartage to Adelaide was just as great as at present. Owing to the high cost of the railway the residents of the Willunga, district must expect to pay higher freights than other districts of the State. He had no great faith in guarantees, because in i times of stress there might be a combina- tion of several guarantee districts, and the Parliament of the day might be influenced to sweep the guarantees away. The Bill was read a second time. In committee. , - Clause 1. Passed. Clause 2\. Incorporation with other Acts. Mr. GOODE moved to strike out the words '"the District Councils Act, the Municipal Corporations Act, and." That would serve as a test on the question of including the guarantee principle. Mr. VERRAN said the Bill was brought in specifically under the guarantee system, and the Government would oppose the amendment. Mr. ANSTEY said the guarantee was a wrong principle. Mr! NEWLAND hoped the committee would not carry the amendment. If the guarantee provisions were struck out he would vote against the Bill. Mr. MACGILLIVRAY hoped the amendment would be withdrawn. | Mr. J. V. O'LOGHLIN did not know how Mr. Goode could reconcile his amendment to the plank in the Labor platform which provided that Labor members should not support any public work which did not pay interest on the capital expended an 1 provide for a sinking fund. If the amendment were carried he would oppose the Bill. The motion was put in the form that the words proposed to be struck out stand, and was declared carried. Mr. Goode called for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes 21) Messrs. Allen. Blacker. Blundell, Butler, Coneybeer. Coombe, Denny, ' Green, Homburg, MacGillivray. Moseley, Newland. O'Loghlin. O'Loughlin. Peake, Pflaum. Ponder. Ritchie, Rudall, Vaughan, and Verran (teller). Noes (8) Messrs. Anstey. Campbell Cole. Crush. Ryan, Senior, Winter, and Goode (teller). Majority of 13 for the Ayes. Clause passed. Clause 3. interpretation Mr. BLACKER moved that the words either of" and "districts" in line 15 be struck out and district be inserted in lieu of "districts."' Carried. Mr. BLACKER moved to strike out the words "the Brighton railway district constituted by this Act. or" in lines 20 and 21, and to insert at the end of the clause the words by this Act." The amendment was carried, and the clause as amended passed. Progress was. reported, and the committee obtained leave to sit again next day. ADJOURNMENT. At 10.41 p.m. the House adjourned till next day at 2 p.m. I 