NEWS OE THE DAY. "-'--"'?*- A doctor from the Central Board oif Ilealtll found 'saulitary arrangements very nnsatisfactory .at Catuowlndra. At the tlrst State law;v Ltert of the now year ot Monday tile Chief Justice, Mr. Culltn, will preside. The Aichblshop of Sydney presided at a mooting to ftilnulate Interest In the Auostrtllan Board of Missions. Wlch ttnnall Tracc- Ullnion Cngresa, wthich will meet In Sydney next month, will be tasked to consider the question o0 Labour federation. tiles which trrlved from the East this woeok conlirm ipreviouts reports of the rapid Igrowth llo the Japanese coal trade, owing to the extinction of Australian com.et.itlon. SpdLtkltng at Glon Innes, last night, Mr. F. J. Foster, .t.II.t., statedt that it was in contemplation to erect a telephone trtnlt. line throtgll New England to con nect with Drisbane. Since thile strike thie Sydney Wharl Lhabourers' Union las increaosed its loemnbcrshlip entrance fee to i 1, and sevctl tncmbcrs of tile union have to sup port the nomination. iho tlheory is advanced that the seve ral railway accidents wliclh occurred on thle Blue Mountains recentliy were due to the earth under thie lines being loosenedl by tile heavy rains. Tie Danish and Swedishl consuls in Sydney hltve stated that ncitller Denmarli torl Sweden could spare agricultural lm illgrants. They declared tllat farm la nbourlerls were better loottked after in Dell nlark and Swedet, and enjoyed beautl fully cookted footd. 'The estimtated yield of thie present whlleat bharvest i New Zcalaund is 10.708, 100 buRhels, or 34 bushtels pier acre. Oats will give 17,182,000 bushels. or 4Iti bushels Iper acre. 'Pltese figures tare an Increase of 1,t935,l10 busllels itt wheat and a decrease of 1,724.,7S int oats. Joseph Matnll, employed as a strikter in a blacltsmitl's shop at No. 1 tunnel, Clarence, was in tlte act of cutting a piece of red-hot iron, whtien the portion cuit off fell into his boot atnd burned tile tlosh off his foot to the hone before his boot could be unlaced and removed. New postal rcgultatlons ltave been adopted prescrilbing tile manner in whichl lparcels are to be packed thlat may damage letters or other correspondence. It is provided that in addition to the name and address of the recipient the name and address of the sender may be included. John Rankin, wllo had been legal mana ber of the Cobar Gtladstone Company, was chargedt at the Cobar Sos slions wltll tile embehzzlemot nIt a smnll sum. Tile Jury failed to agree after being lockted utl il nIight, and were discharged, tile accusedt being remanded to tile next court of' Quarter Sesslons. Mlr. W'ade., thie State l'remier, referred to tile message which Count Morner, the Swedish Consill, sent to newspapers in .Sweden, wtrning cnligrants from coming to Australia. ENcry immigrantt, said Mr. Wade, has been offered employment through the Immigration Bureau. and the demand for inmmigrants by employers Is largely in exceys of tile suoply. Several young men who. while swim ming In the river at Lismore, caught hold of a skilt and upset it, with a sculler. who fortunlitely wa;as able to swimn, an peared before tCle Lismore Police Court. and pleaded guilty. They cwere Illed 10s and costs. Tile police magistrate said thait If similar contiuct occurred again in addition to a lilne h.e would order de fendtants to flind sureties. As a result of the conference recently held in hMelbournl, tile hrewery Em ployees' Unions in the various States have federated, and will sllortly state a case in the Federal Arbitration Court. The name "Brewery Employees' Union" has now been abandoned in favour of "Thie Federated Liquor Tradcs' Society." The annual picnic of the Sydney union will be hleld on lIebruhrtly 26. The prisoners in the State gaols at the end of 1909 totalled .1430, as against 1500 in the previous year, although the general population had largely increased. Prison expenditure last year was £88,397, which is £10,062 less than it cost to main tauin the prisons 15 years ago. There was a conside?'able falling-off in the number of couvictions in the lower and higher courts last year, and the number of good conduct prisoners largely Increased. A striking cxesmple of the prosperity of South Australia is afforded at Port Adelaide by the number of agricultural itnplements waiting on the wharves to be despatched to various outports by coasting vessels. Harvesters, bliders, chaffcutters, ill fact, every conceivable forn of furnming machinery, are await ing shipmedit. On Mlonday the steamer Chllagoe had on board a number of drills, which canme frtnl Melbourne. A strike of cholr members of St. Jobu's Anglican Church, Soldiers' Hill, Ballarat, toolk place on Sunday. The trouble started last weekl, when the weekly piractlc was held, Conducbtar W. Johlson and Organist W. C. Little dis agreeing in regard to the tempo. T'lho vestry considered the matter, andt agrees that the vicar was vested with power to remove either or both the leaders. The vicar will endeavour to settle thp tr~ouble. An lnquilry was held at Miuswcllbrook by Mir. C. II. OGale, P.M., into the ciause of tho deatih of Isabella Clendenoinlg, who was found on 'Tuesday morning withl her throat cut. Evidence was given by Senior-sergeant Mayo, Dr. Halcomb. Melbat Clcndeonnlg, daughter of deceasedl. and Nurse M'\ Vhtter. A verdict wasi re turned that death was caused by deceias edd's own act. Deceased was cinnectced with one of the oldest lanld most highly respected fanhillies in the district. She wans 2 years of age. Sir Joln Qulice, the Minister for Cus toms, has received a preliminary report, from Mr. Lockyer on his investigatloos into the adlministration of tile Com merce Act In the States. It ls.not propos ed to make these replorts public. Sena tor Best will lhave consultations with Mr. Iclskyor on vario.ls recommendations that lie submits, and wherever it Is considered desirable will act upolu them. The reports are to be treated as for de partmrentil Information only. A report fronm ithe State Labour for last imonth allows tiat labour con ditions in the country weree Benerally saiasfaclory, but Lther'e were some thou sands uniemployed in the city. Ill the factory triadila over 2500 nlen were work less, and br'ickhtlakers, carters, and lay ors ioere tnearly all idle, whlile many sna mes andil waterside worltkers were without employment. The reporlt laddls that near ly every industry. lhass been crlippled or Injured owing to tile want of coal. There is hardly a unilolo t lt has tnot idle A delegate to the Nursorylelli's Con ference in Sydley snused tnmusementi by hl'sdec'ription of how the dilferent ra.teS of postage in Austr'slia operated. He lived in N'ew Soutlh Wales, andl in the course of Ilis bulsiness lhe hldl recclveil over 100t0 letters from Victoria, nearly all of which lhad "twopence to pay" stamped on then. lie biecnme "full of the whole thing." and had a circular printed, whichli lie senit to Ills Victoriant customcrs, nslfing thelm to pay tile two Ipence ill thleir nioxt comulnnilcatioi. lie. got the twolpence all right, iut tbe same letter hoero the same ohll stamlp, "lTwo plnce to piay." es'. Edlalrd Walklter'u annual drink bill foi Ntew Zeallnd shows tShat duringi 190!9 the exsloendituro imioUllltid to £3,1i.28.'137, as agailust 13,751,968 In 190lS. The expc-slediture was £2 iii per iend si the population in 1s0l!, comlared with l £3 1Is 5b'd in }il8, n deecrea of Als id. DIurlg the Irst six nlontsll of thLe year nio-lle?llse was operating in six letctural districts, and during tile latter alif of Ithe year In twelve. Mr. \Walker altys It Is dlflticllt to state whlat piroportion of the ldecreose is dsle to ille Incretase of no-llceeso aireas, and what la possibly dllle to the diminished sptendlng power of the people, but hIe has no dosbt both have contributed to the result. In thle Tasmanlan Supremo Court, MIr. J. W. Evans, C.0M.G. (ex- Promenlcr), pro ceeded against IIMr. George A. Hoggarth. Journalist, to recover £50 damages for alleged libel, in having written and pro cured to be publlalshel in the "IHobart Mer cury," on September 13, a certain" letter dealing with fruit inspection. Theo let ter complainlled f stated that Evans, when I're'mier. harassedl thie inspeeor ill dis lcharging tlheri ditin,s orderling them .lik, an autoccrat to despatch consignmenits of frluit to interstate ports although thley did not dermn the hipm lllent:s cleanll ensough for export. The writer furtllher said ihalt Evans, as l'remiir, intd thle unlenviable taske oC trying to serve twvo masters Ills employisri (fHuddart. 'Parker, antl Co.) and tiilt State. Defendant said ihe regret tldl nothling of what he had written, andl woult retract nothing. Tile jillty returned a verdict for defendant after a retire ment of half an hour. lr. "W. B. Stokes, Government Inspec tor, recently made a visit of inspection to the Comboyne, near WiVlgllhalm. Witl regard to fruit trees, hle fould that San Jose scale Is not a stranger to the Io cality. This scale insect, hle says, is all through the Mlanniing district, introduc ed on young trees from thle nlurserlc, and hundreds o[ trees are dylig from Its effects. The climate of the Comboyne, M. Stolkes says, appears to suit apple growing, antd be warns settlers ngainst Introducing tile codlin moth. No old fruit cases shoild bhe brought into the district unless they have been previous ]y been put In boiling water for at least a quarter of an hour. In fact, it would bie better if ian outslde apple was never introduced into the Comboyne. It is a clean district now, as far as codlin moth is concerned, and lie hopes tile resld uents will takle a frrlendly warning. 