World's News. - Bishop Green of Ballarat, who recently intimated his intention to resign his bishopric, has now de cided to retain his office. Residents of Tamworth have Hbiteu uie uuvcniiiiem to appoint an expert to investigate flood pre vention. Two drovers whilst standing on the railway line 'beside a stock! train at Goulburn were badly in jured by the mail train which was passing in an opposite direction. A certain section of the coal miners in America have threaten ed to strike unless they receive a ten per cent raise in wages and have other grievances remedied. During 1908 New York was the first shipping port in the world. The total defalcations of M. Al- berti, ex-Danish minister for agriculturalfure amounted to £833,000. Jack Johnson has be committed for trial for assaulting a negro in a barroom, but Johnson's lawyer says it is a concocted charge to prevent Johnson meeting Jeff ries. There are now 23,908 men em ployed in German dockyards .against 19,669 in the previous year. The Federal Bill of Exchange Act came into force last week, and the state law has now ceased to apply to negotiable instruments. l»uuug nit rrtiia uuuua a luuu in a cradle was swepted away before the eyes of its parents who were powerless to rescue it. , Congress in America is to in vestigate the high cost of living in the United States. Tommy Burns and Lang have been matched to fight at the Stadium on Easter Monday night- Labor Congress sitting in Syd ney has rejected a motion to ex tend equal rights to women in respect to. representation in par liament. An immense fire occurred in Rutherglen, a Victorian town in the north eastern pprtion of Vic- near .the New South Wales" bor der, and £10,000 worth of damage was done. Saco Hooman, the man who has been giving exhibitions of fasting in Sydney collapsed after fasting 39 days, and has now been taken to Melbourne for medical fcpnFmpnf. A non-union man whilst engag- in loading the steamer Den of Airlie, fell between the wharf and the steamer and was drowned. . An attempt was made at the Wesminister Hotel in George street, Sydney, to rob the barmaid of the day's takings, but her screams brought assistance. Matters are very unsettled bet ween Turkey and Greece, and the former is ready to enter into war fare should Cretan Deputies be sent to the Greek Assembly. Canada has been informed by the Jamacian government that it would be impossible to grant her preference as the United States retaliation would destroy th ban ana industry. Australia's first destroyer has been christened by Mrs. Asquith- Frederick Honner, a well known English journalist, has been com mitted for trial for sending false news to one of the London papers in the name of its correspondent. Eight Bulgarian Teachers and merchants, who was charged with murdering a Turkish Inspector, have been sentenced to death by a court of martial- Thirty Buddist scrolls of the second and seventh centuries have been discovered by a Japan ese explorer in Chinese- Turkes tan. Owing to the carelessness of a miner smoking in a mine at Mex ico an explosion occurred by which 68 men were killed and 50 injured. Four German lines of steam ships are offering to take cargo from Southampton, Liverpool, London and Glasgow at 5s per ton below the British conference liners's rates- The new British Parliament is composed of 125 barristers, 56 land owners, 51 manfacturers, 45 sons of peers, 44 military offir cers, and 38 journalists. Two hundred and ninety four immigrants will arrive in Australia per the Osterly. "Granny" Cordell, an old resi dent of Novvra, died last: week at the age of 103. The Darling river is rising rap idly and fears are entertained of a flood at Bourke. Mrs. Bowling completely broke down on learning the conviction of her husband and for a time was seriously ill. Dr. Ross, member for Molong in the state Parliament for many years, died recently at the-age of 81 years. . The remains of a pre-histonc suarian with a thigh bone 82 inch es long has been discovered in German east Africa. 