THE CHE, AND THE EVIDENCE. The people wLo declare flint Now South Wales will not ho ready l'or a lurgo 'influx of Immigrants until tho land monopolists are removed, and tho present urtlliclnl value of. land Is reduced, accuse the Government of injsreprospntlng the fncts In the litera ture which they distribute on tho other side of the world. Tho Government indignantly . deny ; f lie ; charge, jiii.il , a,sqj(,ti fha.tf Nothing. : but "tiie truth Is told to tho 'o'reraca rpeopte whoso prescuco hi Hits simrscly-populatcd State is required. Lot us examine the evi dence. When tho Danish Goivernnieut re cently issued a warning. to emigrants to 'Australia Mr. Wade cabled the following reply for publication In tho British press:— . Wade, Premier of N/ow South Wnlos, strongly resents publication Jjy panlsh Min istry o£ Foreign Affairs of -warning ngalnst Australia as a Held Lor 'emigration. Ho states tnat no country tn too woriu to-tiay offers a bettor Held for tho Industrious worker than Now South Wales, especially for' agriculturists or rural laborers willing to go Into country districts. Since the es tablishment of the Government assisted sys tem. In 1906, immigration In' New South : Wales has grown rapidly, until now a con siderable streaim Is arriving. Tho Immigra tion bureau, uifter an exhaustive cheek of 1 oversea arrivals and analysis of tho status I of passengers, announces a gain from Great Britain aiono to Now South Wales during I 1909 of 10,000 genuine settler class. All these I satisfactorily settled without delay. Prac- tically no unemployed in the State at the present time; but huge, unsatlslled demand for agricultural and domestic labor, at re- muneratlve wages. Since 1900 Now South : .Wales assisted 14,009 immigrants, Govern- ' iment guaranteeing work for agriculturists and domestic servants, and placing them in satisfactory employment on the day of land ing. -Hundreds of these immigrants made (homos on the land, owning freehold, and are !mow .prosperous farmers; all. others e%-e earning about' double the wages received In folder countries. In tho saino period 179,594 /people arrived in New South Wales and I 278 619 in Australia from oversea. In 1909 ' 51 025 people arrived In New South Wales 'from oversea,, and 83,609 In the Common- 'nvealth, 4 ' ?!We have given the case for tho defence first, because It so Btrongly supports the Case for the prosecution . Note this dcclara- (llon:— >' The Emigration Burcnb, after an exhaus- h five chock on ovorsca arrivals and an analy sis of tho status of passengers, announces a gain from Great Britain alone to New South Wales during 1909 of 10,000 genuine ' I class; all thoso satisfactorily settled without delay- , ... How does tho Premier arrive at these figures? On January 17 last we learned from Mr. Percy Hunter, of tho Immigra tion Bureau, that the number of Statc- aldud immigrants brought to New South Wales during 1000 .wob 5530, niado up of farm laborers and domestic servants. . Where, then, does Mr. Wade get his 10,000 genuine settlers? The increase In our population last year was but 30,004, which Included the natural gain by' births oVer 'fienths. trhe cable also states , practically; no unemployed in the State at present, but huge, unsatisfied demand for agricultural and domestic labor at remun erative wagps. ffho demand for BomeBtic labor Is un doubted, as thousands of harassed house- ijioldora can testify. 'As to there being prac- ,'iUcally no male workers Without billets, how lican this statement possibly be justified, lu i'Vrlew of jfacta lljce theso? Here Is a news i :8teip from tbe "Star" of Wednesday last: — Reputation ponsisting oC Messrs. AT Gowcn (loader of the Opposition). Car- mlchael, arid Pago .wafted on the Minister for Work's this morning to discuss the .un employed question!' ' V Mr. M'Gowcn pointed out to the Minister that since the Kensington works had ' slop ped' d "Ihrge" number' of ciiHUur'Jnbbrers, many of whom liad for years been em ployed In tho engineering and othew bran ches of the service, wore uu.t of work "SoVpo of thbm had been In .that unhappy position fdr two nionths' or mdrc, and this was a very serious thing tor men 'with large ifrim- _ Hies, which many of thciii had. Tills posi tion hud been' accentuated by the ijor.thern coal'troublc.' Ho suggested that .the Kens ington works, or, falling thorn, something elso of a similar character, bo renew, ec for a fow months while industrial matters set tled, down, and the surplus labor became absorbed. Mr. Deo gave a sympathetic roply, and promised to at 'once innlce Inquiries as to what works could be put In order. He would consult Ids ofllccrs, and find out what could b, a 'done, llore is iinq'dier from our Issue of the Col- lowlnic tijiiy:— Tl;efc has been a slump in public works lately, nnd about 109 men, have been thrown Wo. Many of thorn nr.e In necessitous telrcumstancos, and they are feeling the pinch. Yesterday afternoon they formed a deputation to Superintendent Sherwood, nnd asked for a definition of the law re garding tho holding of public meetings in tho open air. They were .told that open- nlr meetings in the form of a demonstra tion wore an infringement of .the law. so not being desirous of laying themselves open to prosecution, they abandoned the Idea of the meeting, and dccldcd 'to seek re lief by waiting on -tho Premier 'as soon as possible,' and asking that employment should be found for <t.hem, The authori ties, however, were apprehensive concern ing itho ' intentions of the men. Trouhlo was evidently feared at ttho Public Works Department, as a few additional police -were put on duty there .this morning. Thoro Avas no sign of any trouble, however. We belie, yd .that there are a number of wasters among the Unemployed who w.old rather lop C than worlc, but will the Pre-, mler or anybody, else .say that the whole of .the men ,ou whoso bclmlf representations wore 'made- last w'eek can be so- classed? . What ;is the impression that the Govern ment seek to convey by .tiro .aaaurtjpii , tlint hundreds of the 34,009 Immlgrnjits who have conio to New ftoutli Wales since 1000 jmyo piade honiqs on tho . land, owning freehold, and nro ' no>v' -prosperous' . farmers? Is ,It not mf attempt to show -that this State is a place swhoro a moneyless Immigrant can, after tiiqe.c years work at , wages, ,takd up land for .himself and become a- pros perous farmer?" Is not that a wilful mis representation of the actual facts? Let us hear the evidence, not of a penniless Immi grant, but of John Forbes Scott, who came to Sydney from Edinburgh about .tho middle of 3009 with £000 In his pocket; and a .civil service pension of £03 a year. He camo here with the Idea of taking up laud and working It with the assistance , of his son, a sturdy lad of IS. -This is what he says:— ' J was under tho Impression, according to .the Government pamphlet i had read, that i would havo absolutely no difficulty jn securing land from the "Government, either on loaso .or purchase. i hayo ,bcon look ing for land unsuccessfully for eight weeks, at Burrowa," Yass, and Tamworth. Already, In my eagerness, i invoked tho assistance of a land agent In consoquonco Of tho little Interest fako.n ,by. tho Lands Department with strangers unacquainted with how to get about. Even-then there BOi-ms no Ijkellhood of any land being opened at present, .except inferior land In dry and remote districts. i would not believe It possible tliat any Government in tho world would' have distributed 'such misleading Uteraiuro, which Induces great numbers to come out hero under false pre- jlcgcos. . The nssertlqp that agricultural workers arc earn lug double Urn wages received lu older .countries is absolutely disproved by a re cent Horn in the "Somerset NCpunty Ga zette," which laments the dearth of rural labor at wages up to 15s per week nud keep. Here the best terms offered are £1 per week and found. . : Will the jury of public oplulon acquit the Goverumeut on the chnrge of uiisrepresen- tatiou with such evldcuce as this before them? 