AUSTRALIA'S EMPTY SPACES. VISIT OF SCOTTISH AGRICULTURAL COMMISSION. SIR CARLAW MARTIN INTER TERVIEWED. "A party of twelve Scotsmen, who will arrive in Australia shortly, and who comprise members of the Scottish Agricultural Commission, are on a mission of more than ordinary significance to the Commonwealth. They are practical men who are to ascertain the scope which Australia offers for agricultural immigrants from the Land o' Cakes. The forerunner of the party and its chairman is Sir T. Carlaw Martin, LLD. (editor of the Dundee "Ad i vertiser"), who is proceeding to the eastern States by the RIFLES. Osterley, and is accompanied by Lady Martin. When seen at the Outer Harbor by a representative of The Advertiser" Sir Carlaw readily, granted an interview. ' I am travelling in advance of the others, who will arrive by the REES. Ormuz a fortnight later, he said, "in order to have some preliminary discussion about the itinerary and work of the commission in Australia. We have had a splendid passage, and the Osterley is a remarkably seaworthy vessel. Personnel of the Commission. "In the main the commission is, composed of practical farmers, along with two gentlemen from the agricultural colleges of Scotland, and the whole twelve are more or less connected with the Land. Rome of them may claim to be experts in their particular subjects, and one of the party is a recognised authority on Ayrshire cattle. Others are particularly well acquainted with sheep-farming. Indeed, the commission is representative of all forms of agriculture, and may be said to have special experience for their investigation in Australia, as they have been selected from a larger body which visited. Denmark in 1904, Ire- land in 1906. and Canada in 1908, and published reports which have been widely circulated, and have been regarded as agricultural documents of some importance. The gentlemen who will join me about the end of this month, in Brisbane, where we will commence our tour of all the States, are: Sir John Sinclair. of Barron House, Wick, a cousin of Lord Pentland, Secretary of State for Scotland: Dr. Shirra Gibb, of Lauder, Berwickshire; Dr. Wilson, of St. Andrews, Fife; and Messrs. W. Barber, M.A., of Tererran. Dumfries; E. E. Morrison, M.A.. of Bonnytoun, Fife; James Dunlop, of Hall House. Ayrshire; W. Henderson, of Lewton, Perthshire; A. M. Prain, of Errol, Perthshire; J. Keith, of Udny. Aberdeenshire : R. M. Greig, of Aberdeen; and McHutchen, of Dobbie, Dalkeith, Midlothian. Most of the members are making their first trip to Australia. We have accepted the invitation of the Federal Government, whose object, no doubt, is to strengthen the stream of immigrants towards this part of the British Empire. I shall spend about ten days in Melbourne, and be in communication with the Minister of External Affairs (lion. 25. L. Batchelor)." An Onerous Task. Questioned as to the class of immigrants Scotland could send to Australia, Sir Carlaw remarked that they would probably be men of the rural type, trained on the land, and accustomed to open-air life and avoca- tions. "I can say for the whole of my. colleagues he continued, "that the trip is undertaken in a very serious spirit. We shall make our investigations as conscientious, careful, and comprehensive as the time at our disposal. 31 months, will allow, but we do not suppose for a moment that our conclusions as to the resources and conditions of life in Australia will have covered the whole area of the subject. Our report will probably be a document of about 200 pages. It will be published in Scotland on our return, and will represent our independent and unbiassed judgment, and copies will he forwarded to the Federal Government. The members of the party have important interests in Scotland which they would not leave for seven months if they did not feel that they were doing a national work calculated to de- velop the resources of the Empire and add to its stability and greatness." Results of Previous Tours. In reply to a further question, Sir Carlaw said: There is no doubt that our Danish report had considerable effect in Scotland in extending a knowledge of a system of farming in which the co-operative principle has been applied with extraordinary success. The Irish report has had something of the same result, as agricultural development in Ireland of late has gone in the direction of associated effort in the working up and marketing of dairy products. We have reason to believe that the Canadian report has been of much service both in Great Britain and Canada in Great Britain for the information it conveyed as to the magnificent, agricultural colleges of the Dominion, and the part, played by the Government in assisting the farmer, and, as regards Canada, in imparting to intending immigrants the kind of knowledge required at the outset of a new career. These reports are supplemented! by illustrated lectures, the demand for which has been very great in all parts of Scotland. We realise that an island population must have its own overflow, and that it is important to direct that overflow towards the oversea Dominions of the Empire, because the more people you have the more powerful you can become as a factor in the defence of the Empire." Lady Martin's Public Spirit. For many years Lady Martin has been engaged in public work in Scotland. She was for nine years a member of the School board of Dundee, and convener of the household science and evening classes.. At present she is a member of the managing committee of the free library and art galleries, and is a governor of the University College, Dundee. During her trip through Australia Lady Martin wishes to study, educational questions and visit the educational institutions, and also to extend her acquaintance with the members of the International Council of Women Workers, whom she met in Canada last year. Sir Carlaw expressed his regret that owing to the delay to the Osterley in the roadstead through heavy weather, and the late arrival of the vessel at the wharf, he was prevented from meeting the representatives of the South Australian Caledonian Society who went down to the Outer Harbor specially to welcome him. These were Messrs. R. Wemyss (chief), G. H. Macmillan, and H. Tassie. Sir Carlaw added that he looked foward to seeing them when the party came to Adelaide, and to having a "Scottish night with them. To-night, at the Unley City Hall, the Scott-Brresford Company will produce "The Octoroon" again, and a treat should be in store for amusement seekers. Wherever the company has appeared the acting and stag- ing life we met with warm approval . from large audiences. 