SOWING THE SEED. VICTORIA'S DELEGATION MR ELWOOD MEAD IN DENMARK. THE KINGDOM OF BUTTER-MAKERS. TRIUMPH OF THE SMALL HOLDERS. HOW INDUSTRY AND CAPACITY MAKE HAPPINESS. (FROM OUR SPECIAL COMMISSIONER.) (Our Commissioner sends by this week's mall letters relating to the visits paid to -Denmark and Holland by Mr Ehvood Mead, whom he accompanied. This evening we give ihe first letter, dated from Copenhagen. July 29. Let ters dated from Odcnsce, July 30; and Tho Hague, August 1, will follow. Pub lication of detailed notes (Illustrated with original photographs) of what our representative saiv and learned In these visits is commenced this week In 'The Weekly Times.") COPENHAGEN. July 29. Courteous, frank, plain and kindly, is a fair description of the attitude taken by the Danish Government towards Vic toria's open Invitation to the agricul turists of the world. While the Ministerial wing of our Delegation is busy In tho provinces of the United Kingdom; the expert wing, Mr Elwood Mend, has, In this city, put the official stamp on the work done, with much toct and Judgment,, by Mr B. Hansen, and arranged for its contlnu- We travelled from London by the Quecnsboro'-Flunhlng - Hamburg - Kiel route, made a night passage through Holland, and. after entering Denmark, bad a daylight view of the agricultural lands In Western Sccland. where (at Korsor) we were met by the 'Delega tion's agent. WORK OF THE AGENT. Mr Hansen, who fills that role. Is a Danish Victorian of IS years standing, and a man of as good report hero as In Melbourne. He was commissioned be fore he loft Victoria, on a visit to his native land, to do several Important things. First, he was authorised to get tran slated Into Danish tho bulletins pre pared by Mr Mead relating to Victoria's irrigable lands. This has been so well done that it is the subject of admiration In official circles here. With a slight advantage In a better-quality paper, tho Danish printer has reproduced the pub lications in a clever and attractive way; while the Illustrations, got from plates made In Melbourne, are certainly more effective than thoso of the original bul letins. It is plain that the Danes haven't used up nil their powers iu buttcr- mnklng; they certainly know how to print. Equally plnln Is it thnt they have had some practice In the preparation In this kind of literature. When Mr Hansen met us, he handed to Mr Mend u com plete set of Cnnadlan Government pamphlets, printed in Danish, describ ing and extolling, with a great wealth of superlatives, the wonders and re sources of the Dominion, Two things the traveller of to-day may count upon In , any part of the world—the soulful music of the great American languago and a Canadian Immigration served. ADVERSE CONSULAR REPORTS. :Mr Hansen had to face n situation In which, owing to Consular reports from Australia, the Government of Denmark issued a sort of a warning to its citizens, who were told that no wel come awaited Danes In Australia. First, our agent seems to liave con vinced Herr Scavennus, Minister of Foreign Affairs, at the time of his ar rival, and obtained from him a pro mise that tho warning should bo with drawn— at least so far as It nffected tho spocific proposal of Victoria thnt skilled dairymen of Denmark might try their fortune In her irrigable country- Then— nlas, these things happen In all lands- Denmark changed masters, and Herr Scavcnnu.® went out of office. Of his (more Conservative) successor. Count Erik Ahlcfeldt Laurvig, Mr Hansen has not yet obtained audience. Nor Is It likely that Mr Mend will see him, the new Minister being out of town. Owing to the prompt politeness of Sir AJan Johnstone, British Minister In Denmark, backed up by the help of Mr C. H. Punch, British' VIce-Consul, Mr Mead quickly got an Interview with Herr Zahlc, chief of tho Emigration Section In the Foreign office. WHAT MR MEAD DID. Victoria's official representative, in his own direct fashion, cleared away a good many mental cobwebs. He m.ulo it clear (1) that no charge of inhospit- ableness lies against the State of Vic toria; (2) thnt our State would feel hurt If such an impression were allowed to prevail; (3) that the Delegation seeks only agriculturists, and not any other class of emigrants; (4) that tho Irri gable lands offered nre. nil things con sidered cheap nt tho prices fixed by the Victorian Government— not- standing that a consular report de clares the contrary; (5) that nothing Is sought which doesn't amount to a mu tual advantage; and (6) that qulto Ir respective of emigration It Is part of the Delegation's mission to sec nn<l study methods of an agriculture which has won for Denmark world-wide fame. Tho Danish Government likes its own citizens so well, and Ik so satisfied of their ability to make a comfortable living In their own prosperous land, that it would much lather they did not go away. This it proclaims to the whole world. (In England, If the llko senti ment exists. It Is kept a State secret.) Rut Herr Zahlc did not hesitate to say that Danes, In common with other white races whom it may concern, are entitled lo know what Is offered, There is no restriction on public knowledge. Without here going Into such details as might risk breaking confidences, I ven ture to say that there will he no official opposition to Victoria's offer being widely circulated throughout this king dom. nor any Interference with subjects of Frcdrlk VIII. who may decide for Australia and the Union Jack. DANES FOR VICTORIA. Paternalism In Government does much that is useful here— It could give points to even "advanced" Australians— but it doesn't put Its citizens in' cotton-wool. It has aliko a robust .regard for tho freedom of the subject und a wholesome sense that It Is no part of Its business td prevent Danes getting some of the good things going under other friendly flags. As for tho press, it has treated Mr - Hansen and tho Delegation In u kind ly way. Several Illustrated accounts of the wonders of Victoria have been pub- ? llshod here — as news, let it be under stood, not as disguised advertisement#. ' We shall certainly have somoncw 1 settlers from thlw part of the world. S'ot = many, I fancy, with money, hut do not bo astonished if a.fc)v of thone figure In the passenger lists. More likely to go out to Victoria are men without much in material wealth, but rich iu that special knowledge and capnclty which have brought fame to the once warlike Dane.-— who have beaten most of their swords into ploughshares— as the best butter-makers in the world. .SUPREMACY OF THE DANISH 11UTTEK MAKERS. Why they have won this position Is probably a matter of opinion. Neither j here nor in the more detailed accounts . of DnnifOi furmlng work which It is my privilege to send, to "The Weekly Times" do I presumo to dogmatise about it. As everybody Is expected to know, the Ted cow of Denmark ,is a wonderful milk-getter, but it may bo questioned whether there ore not as good In Italy, Switzerland and the United Kingdom— and there Is surely a strain of kinship between the Danish reds ntul tho equally ruddy kino of South Devon— but tho merit of tho cow docs not count for everything when one has to explain why Denmark can got away from her llttlo bit of country no less than £10,000,000 worth of butter a year and always command top price in the beat markets. What f venture to say docs count -bigly is tho 'Unfailing and assiduous cnro.wlth which all the Danish dairy men do their work. Of skill and In dustry these people have no monopoly, I but It is not the rulo to find such quail- ' ties so generally, as well us so highly, developed throughout a whole people. No byre I have seen In Denmark excels In scrupulous cleanness one visited near Dumfries, but the Scotch ' stalls dis played no record boards such as show In every Danish cow-house the lifo 1 history of tho animal in tho stall— In cidentally also proclaiming tho studious bent of tho owners' minds. PROGRESSIVE AND SELF-OWNER. In Denmark, how to got milk strong In butter-fat Is a problem to the solu tion of which the farmer brings not alone such ripe thought as his own ex perience can produce, but also all tbo knowledge' that science and scientists can give him. For It he Is always avid. His is always an open mind, always learning, always aiming at doing some-' thing more. His motto is that which I saw to-day over the Immense Tuborg Brewery— (I climbed Its tower to got a glimpse of Elsinorc and Hamlet's tomb) —"To stand still Is to go back." But above nil, the Danish farmer hns tho ndvantago of working his own land, of enjoying to tho full tbo fruits of his Inbor. ' He Is "self- owner," to quote a splendidly expressive com pound used in a consular document I am condensing for the "Weekly Times." "Self-owner!" What can mnn want more than that? AJtor, Uife'-dhlrymatt .comes the fac- ; tory manager, and what ho does not know or study at the huslnoss of butler- making Is not worth bothering about. And he always lives up to his reputa tion. Noblesse oblige— and It pays. After both arc the cicur-hcadod, Judg matic men -who handle the huge export trade (more than half of Denmark's total exports go from co- operativo societies), and sco that no dust is lost In tho process of transmuting butler Into gold. Men. these who smile nmuscdly when they talk of tho Com monwealth restriction on tho export of butter containing more than 14 per cent, of moisture — (other countries allow 16 per cent.)— ami ask why Australian farmers ore penalised 2 per cent. In a world competition. SUCCESS OF INTENSE CULTURE. It is thoroughness at every stage thnt mokes famous, and profitable for tho producers and handlers, tho butter of Denmark. Mr Mead, who has been long enough with us to know thnt Vic torian methods aro sometimes— Just sometimes — casual, thinks more strongly than over that somo exemplars of Danish methods will provo of Inos- timahlo ndvantago' to Victoria In gene ral, but moro particularly to those who arc going In for dairy farms on In tensely cultured smull areas of irriga ted land. For there Is dairying horo on furms of four acres; 20 acres mako n good farm; 40 to 100 acres a largo one. Tho average Is officially, given at 80 acres. Of course, there aro somo much bigger, and tho landlord is not wholly unknown; but ono need only talk of tho general run of things, In n country where thoso engaged In farming and forestry , stand numeri cally at tho hend of tho census list. Nino tenths of tho agricultural popu lation of Denmark actually own .the land they work. No fewer than 150,000 agricultural laborers in Denmark own a house and piece of land. MR MEAD'S VISITS. Tiiero is only- space hero to say thnt Mr Mead's visits — packed into a few days — Included a tour of the colony- gardens which arc a special feature nf Copenhagen's Industrial life; a .ook In at the great packing, establishment of Mr I. "W. licymnh, who owns butter- factories nt Kumurkah. Boolara, unci Albcrton, and who wears with prido on bis watch-chain (ft present from his Victorian employes) a representation of Australia done In Bcndlgo gold; and an inspection of u vegetable-cunning bouse where 50,000 pounds of peas ure being packed dally. . . . - . Must be mentioned also n dcllgthful afternoon spent on tho lslaml/of Amu- ger amongst tbo' vegetable- growers. Many of them are tho descendants of expert families' brought from Holland by Christian IV. somo three hundred years ago, when that sagacious mon arch helped the cause of local agricul ture much as Mr Mead would help it In Victoria. Theso growers include a Duno who five years ago gave £1000 for 4'£ acres of garden land, and Is mak ing a good Income out of It. In this beautiful find fertile Islutul, virtually part of Copenhagen, there are no targe holders, and everybody is prosperous. TIIE EXPERT'S VIEWS. "It's wonderful what these people do," said Mr Mead, when conning over figures ootained In the course of the round of visits, although the season cuts their production right In two— thut is to «ay, they can only work half the year." "Aro your Impressions confirmed?" was asked, for this Is our expert's first visit te Denmark. 'Fully," wns tho reply. "Nothing has more impressed me than the en thusiasm and happiness of the people. I attribute them wholly to the fact that the great majority ure working their own <and, making or maintaining their own homes, and In n position of assur ance that they will profit liy whatever Improvements thoy may carry out. There Is very different spirit animating the Danish farmer from thnt which 'you find In England, where tho farmer as a rule has to work somebody else's land —rarely his own. Further, I attribute the success achieved here nlmont en tirely to the efforts being made to give every farmer a scientific education. The cu-r.peratlon of tho burners in market ing their products is also another Im portant element In their success." "Wonderful." as Mr Mcmt says It Is. And the whole wonder Is not revealed In the statistics of dairy experts from Denmark. Is there not n monument of It In this ornate, prosperous, and merry city— some features of which I Hhull make the subject of a separate article; and proof thnt it is to be a con tinuing wonder In the new buildings shooting up In all directions, both in town arid country: in the spirited pub lic life; progressive land policy— In which Denmark's own closer settlement scheme loonies laige and beneficent; und In the fact thai there Is neither pedlar nor beggar to be seen any where? , 