VICTORIAN DELEGATION. FAREWELL LONDON BANQUET. "an imperial mission." LONDON, 1st September. At the Gaiety Restaurant last night a number of Victorians resident in London entertained Mr. if. M'Kcnzie, Victorian Minister of Lands, and Mr. El wood Mead, chairman of the Water "Supply Commis sion, who have concluded their mission to Great Britain and the Continent in search of dcsiralhle settlers for the irrigation 'areas cl' Victoria, and have arranged to sail for tbe United States end Canada on Saturda,' next. ,. .' ., Lord Gosehen presided/arid there was an attendance of 150 gentlemen, including Sir Charles Lucas, head of the Dominions de partment of tlie Coloiiiid Office; Sir George lleid, High Commissioner for Aus tralia; Sit- John Birighuiii,' of Sliel- . field; Sir John Cockburn, formerly Premier of South Australia; Sir John Tuvcrner, Agenf-General for Victoria; Sir T. B. Robinson, Agent-General for Quccris- iand; Mr. A. A. Kirkpatriok, Agent- General for .South Australia; Dr. M'C'all, Agent-General for Tasmania; Mr. U. ,C. Hare, Acting Agent-General for Western Australia; 'Mr. T. J. Russell, and a num ber of loading mcnibeif'of'. the London Chamber o; Commerce, financiers uud mer chants. ' The . Cha i.i-man said t hut Great Britain had welcomed tlie Victorian delegation. It did not grudge , immigrants to Victoria, since they would foster the Imperial spirit among all classes in Australia. Sir 'John Cockburn, " in -'proposing Our Guests, said ' that Messrs. M'Kenzie and Mead had been engaged ill an Imperial mission in solving the problem of the adjustment of the jiopulatioii of the Km- pire. In responding, Mr. M'Kenzie said the press, 'the .pcojile and.. the authorities of Great Britain had welcomed the delegates most generously, and had not suggested that Victoria was robbing. Great Britain of tlie tluwer of her manhood. "The fael," the speaker added, "that Great Britain im ports 00 per cent, of her foodstuffs, of which Australia sends her only 3 per cent., alone justified, the delegation," Mr. l'llwood Mead said that Victoria would be satisfied if a number of high- charaetered, thrifty arid energetic agricul turists was secured as the result of the mission, lie emphasised' Hie importance of fostering small holdings; and in instancing the large yields from crops grown in Vic- toria, he remarked, "The lucerne grower of Australia to-day will be the banker of Australia in the next '.generation." -Mr. Mead added that the British dairymen who had been selected would soon make Vic torian butter as well known as Danish but ter by enabling Australia to supply Great Britain throughout the, year. Sir .Tolin Taverner referred to tlie ab sence of rivalry in the Australian States and the overseas dominions. . generally in respect to immigration matters. Air. Chai'Icton, . vice-president of the London Chanvber of Commerce; Sir John Bingham and Mr. J..M. Pratt, of Mel bourne, also spoke. , LADS AS IMMIGRANTS. party for western australia Under tlie auspices of the Church Army, 20 selected lads, -who have undergone tests in respect of physique, and who are of good character, will sail .for Western Australia on 10th September. 