TO-DAY. I Amusements. Olvmpia Pictures, Skating Rink, s p.m. Lyceum Pictures, School of Arts. 8 p.m. Meeting?. Ladies* P.P.L., E. D. Miles and Co.'s offices, S p.m. .Mictions. M. Farrell, furniture, Mart, at 11 a.m. R. Russell, residence, corner Colum bia and Low streets, at 11 a.m. The " Northern miner" to-day eon sifts of twelve pages. The Carpentaria, yith 1200 tons of cargo for Townsville, is due at Thurs day Island on Saturday. Twenty-three applications have been received (says the Townsville "Star") ."or lhe position of Town Common Ranger, rendered vacant by the resig nation of R. H. Rintoui. Tliirty-four applications have been received for the position of Town Clerk and Accountant for the Towns »\":1e Municipality. Twenty-one are endorsed for the dual position, and 12 i'or the Town Clerkship only. .Mr. R. A. Field, commission agent, Proserpine, reports having disposed of Mr. F. Prussinski's farm at Preston .lurinsr the week to Messrs Fay and De-em at a satisfactory figure. The j new proprietors took immediate poss ession. ( Tire additions to the State School at Brandon, the contract for which was recently secured by Mr. J. G. Corbett, will be commenced immediately. The tender price was £394 18s. A boy named Michael Mullen, 11 years of age, residing with his par ents at Ravenswood Junction, was drowned whilst paddling in the dam there. During the week (says the "Proser pine Guardian") Mr. R. Blair dispos ed of his grocery business, "Corner Store," to Messrs. Burns, Philp & Co., Ltd., who, we understand, will in fu ture' supply the requirements of house wives in this department. Although having disposed of the corner store our popular auctioneer has no inten tion cf leaving the district at present, but will in future continue his auc tioneering and commission business in Mill Street, at the Mart. For some time past the Fire Brigade Band lias been arranging to visit the ilareeba Show, but yesterday Mr. A. C. Leyshon received a letter stating that jthe band contest was for coastal bands only. This shuts out the four Charters Towers bands and other bands out West. It is. a pity the Mare-fba Execu tive did not have an A. and B. grade | contest : to shut out bands because j they have some reputation may be j good business, but it is not contri- j Dative towards the aim of all competi tions which is to educate. An instance (says the Brisbane j .'Courier" has just come to light show ing how successful an industrious man can be in these parts. Carrier John Vetter, who is the owner of three bullock teams, has, during the last 12 months, landed in Charleville from the surrounding stations no fewer than. 1744 bales of wool, which, taking an average of 7 bales to the ton, runs into abouL 250 tons. Making allowances for oat loading this would bring this carrier's turnover for the year to about £1400. The annual meeting of the M.U.I.O. O.F. District Committee was held, in the Oddfellows' Hall on Saturday night last, Prov. G.M., Bro. G. D. Wil son, presiding (sa3*s the "Townsville presented. The Grand Mastei s re Bulletin."). All ledges were fully re port disclosed satisfactory progress during the past year. Funeral claims had been paid on account of nine members and wives, and the funeral fund showed a substantial increase. Membership had also increased during the same period, all lodges reporting a higher roll than at the commence ment of the year. The election of officers resulted:-Prov. G.M., Bro. Yv. H Hannaford; D.P.G.M., Bro. C. Eade; P.C.S., Bro. Olley; treasurer, Bro. F. E. Ackers. Bro. C. J. Mindham was appointed to represent the district at the annual conference at Roma during Easter week. The criminal and civil sittings °f_ the Northern Supreme Court will be held at Townsville on Tuesday, the 8th March. The following criminal cases (savs the Townsville "Star") are set down "-Armat, unlawfully doing grie Vious bodily harm ; Henry Christo pher Teitzel, making a false declara tion. The only case set down foT civil jurisdiction is that of Naokichi, plaintiff, and Ernest Julian Hennessy defendant The action arises out of the insolvencv of a Japanese sauce merchant, Seichi Miyoshi, of Thurs day Island, in which insolvent estate defendant is trustee. Plaintiff claims to be entitled to possession of certain buildings, plant and stock-m-trade which are claimed by the defendant as trustee of the estate. Plaintiff makes a further claim for damages by being kept out of possession. A boy named George Perkins Booth, aged 15 years, (says the "Townsville Bulletin'!, was in Davis paddock, near Stewart's Creek last week. It appears that the young fellow and his father, who had been drawing timber during the day, were returning to their hti&ie; at Rocky Springs. Both the father and son were riding the horses, which were used in the team. The night was fairly dark and they were jogging along leisurely, when the horse the boy i idmg suddenly oe came restive and without any apparent cause whatever, galloped at a mad dening rate around the paddock. The boy, it is surmised, got entangled in the" chains, and the horse stumbled, resulting in the boy being dislodged from his seat. He was dragged along the ground by the horse for a distance of about 300 yards, and when his lather came up to him he was breath ing his last. A branch of the Salvation Army's world wide effort to combat the growth of smoking, and gambling amongst young people has been estab lished in Australia. It is styled the \nti-3moking and Anti-Gambling League. Vigorous efforts are being put forth to secure the signatures to the pledge which reads.-"Believing cigarette and tobacco smoking, and gambling among lads to be most harmful to their moral and bodily well-being, I hereby enlist in this Leg ion, promising by the help of God, to do all that lies in my power to per suade others from gambling, and us ing tobacco in any form; also to have nothing to do with the habits myself." The members of the League will wear a neat celluloid badge about the size of a button, on which is inscribed the purposes of the League in monogram. It is neatly printed in crimson and yellow. We understand a movement of this description was launched in Great Britain some time ago, and the latest reports reveal the fact that up wards of 70,000 members have been se cured. j There was a large exodus of min jers from Cairns by the Royal Dutch {Packet Company's steamer Van der Hagen, (says the "Cairns Post" of February 4). as wall as about 20 who joined the vessel at Townsville. Amongst the passengers from Cairns i'or Port Moresby a1^ bound for the new rush, were the following: Messrs. C. Wiison, T. Jac'tson, T. Malone, W. Pampley, P. Buckley, .T. Jones, H. Hanson, Baxter, Xewton, S. Elliott, J. M'Sharrv, J. Ahern. A. Wilkins, M. Purcell, S. Areioto, J. Jackson. P. Mac artney, F. Ellis. Priddle. E. Scott, Wells, A. Tess, T. Sehwrer, H. Malone, F. Healv. J. Castle. S. G. Cowan. C. Annear, \Y. Munro, J. Matthews, Fi'ed erickson, Rock. D. M'Donald, M'Harv, T K Locke. J. Tiacmas, J. Montey, G. Summers, G. M'Daniells, A. Keefe, G. Keys, J. Morgan, S. White, W. Slater, F. Taylor, P. M'Gill, J. Leahy, II. Williamson, J. Isaacson, Hagv, H. Manserah, Daniells, H. Geofge, W. Xewton, Holder, Bonar, Rock, Eddy, Scadden. Brown, Harper, G. Martin, Books, J. Smith. Hessett, W. Cook, W. Carsie, Campbell, H. Widdritt, W. Foan, P. Healy, T. Walsh, J. Tom kinson, H. Pendergast, F. Hunting, Millington, Buhot, and J. Hanson. Under ordinary conditions this big batch of miners will rea.ch Port Mores by in three days. They wer& seen off by a large crowd assembled on the Adelaide Co's wharf, where the Van der Hagen berthed, and were all in good spirits, singing and cheering as the vessel drew out into the Inlet aud headed for sea and the new supposed | El Dorado in Papua. I The English organisation interested in the promotion of direct trade be tween Australia and Hull writes to Mr. jSeehervaise, their Australian rep resentative, as follows:-"With re gard to fruit, meat, and other pro ducts our contention is that Australia is increasing her output year by year, and if she wants to find good markets for her increased output she will hav«r to {jet her produce to the consumer at lowest cost in order to compete with other countries which are producing similar goods. It is no good trying to serve the North of England towns through London; the nearest ports to the consuming population will have to be utilised. London has a very large population, and it "will always absorb a good share of Australia's produce. There are, however, more people in other parts of Bogland than In the neighbourhood of London, and I think you might point out to the grower! that the only sound method of build ing up trade is by reaching the con sumer at lowest cost. I see that Mr. Coglan the New South Wales Agent General, has proposed that in futura all meat shipped from Australia shall be stamped before it is shipped, show* that it is Australian meat ar.d la good condition when shipped. I think that it is a most excellent idea if ths Australians will similarly brand ail their produce on its merits. At th* present time Australian, produce losei its identity before it is passed ovet ' the counter in retail stores. Thf mutton is sold as Canterbury mutton, and the butter Is transformed into French or Danish butter, and you very rarely see any Australian pro duce sold as such over the counter. I think it would be a good plan if the Commonwealth could arrange to open at least one retail shop in every im portant town in England for the ex clusive sale of Australian produce. No country in the world takes such pains in grading, packing, and ship ping their produce as Australia, and there is no reason why they should not get full credit for this with the consuming population in England." Some,busy bodies have been scaring the Danish Government respecting im migration to Australia. Certainly we don't "doll" out free Porter's Bulldog Ale and Stout to immigrants, but that** about the only drawback.* A meeting of all lad/ members of th« P.P.L. will be held at Messrs. E. I>, Miles and Co.'s offices to-night at 8 o'clock for important business. M. Farrell auctions furniture at thi Central Auction Mart at 11 a.m. R. Russell auctions a desirable resi dence, on the premises, corner Colum bia and Low streets, near Christian Bros.' School, at 11 a.m. to-day. The excellence and variety of t&e; pictures, together with the delightful conditions under which they are shown at Olympia, continue to attract larga and appreciative audiences. "The Au gei of Peace," "Fools of Fate," "Th» Little Teacher," "The Hostage," "A Tour through Sweden," "The Laud of the Lapps,': etc., afford a collection of subjects which not only amuse but ure highly interesting and instructive. This fine programme of pictures will be repeated to-night. The manage ment announce in this issue that they open a combined picture and club swinging exhibition for three .nighty commencing Saturday next. Tom W. Burrows, Australia's world's cham pion, assisted by local athletes, will give a display of fancy club, sword, axa swinging, etc. Those who witnessed the very fine exhibitions by the cham pion during his recent performances, will hail with delight this opportunity, j knowing that Mr. Burrows can always ,be depended upon to introduce novel ties. The fact of his being assisted by the pick of our local athletes should greatly add to the already aspired sue Icess of the season. This is the last week of Arida's j Great Sale. Ladies' Wool Serge Skirt* ' usual 25/6, to clear at 4/11- P.O. Corsets, usual 8/11, for 4/11. Pure Silk Chiffons, usual If- yard, for 3d. ! Crash Skirts, usual 4/4, for. 1/9. Do, Pure Linen, usual 7/6, for 2/11. Lad : ies' Costumes at 3/6 and 4/11, usual 7/6 and 10/6. A lot of Childs' Dreesses at clearing prices* The Lyceum Picture Company open ed to a bumper house last night to wit ness the second series of Pathe Frere'a splendid selection of pictures. This new programme has a fine selection ol colored pictures. " The Horseshoe" is a dramatic of good taste, and thf "Coffee Culture" (colored) shows the various branches of that Industry. " King's Command," another colored drama, is good, and " Society Wedding in India" is a gorgeous display of dress land fine scenery. The comics are up to the usual high standard,, the pick being " Burglar in a Trunk." Mr. J. Curtis again scored with his songs. The programme will be repeated to night. At Arida's Sale, 8/6 Calico for 1/11 dozen. White Twill Sheeting 6d. yard. Dress Musiins 1/11 dozen, usual 3/1L Hoyles' and Crumnrs Best Dre^ Prints at 5/6 dozen. Linen Serviet tes 2/6 ddfeen, usual 4/9. Flanellettes usual 4/6 for 2/11 dozen. Quilts, Towels, Damask and other Household Drapery at similar reductions to the above lines at Arida's Great Sal' only.* 