QUEEN ALEXANDRA. As the late King typified in the minds of Englishmen the ideal man of the world, so Queen Alexandra is enshrined in the hearts of millions as the .ideal woman. Hers is the greatest sorrow to-day. He whom she has cared for. for . forty-seven years, the -partner .in her; joys and previous sorrows, has passed away and left her. There is no solace for the" widow; nought that can he said will heal the wound. The Dowager Queen will have the heartfelt sympathy of mankind, . and especially of her people, whose aspirations she has kindled and whose ideals she has expressed. But' all the world . cannot atone for her personal loss, v A romantic element, seldom encountered in royal alliances, added immensely to the popularity of. the marriage of Prmce Ed-! ward and the young Princess Alexandra. The Prince was twenty years old, good, looking, with winning manners, an interest ing personality and great prospects. The Princess was a girl of eighteen, with singu larly winsome grace, great beauty, and a magical- kindheartedness, the eldest daugh ter in a royal household in which simple joys and tasks were given, all. It is said that the young Prince had -been shown by one. of his friends a portrait of the Prin cess "when a girl 'of -sixteen, -and' that , he was so fascinated . that" he rebelled against negotiations then tentatively opened lor an alliance with tiie daughter of a German sovereign. Bo that as it may, the Prince's journey to Germany in "1861 .was taken for the purpose of seeing Princess Alexandra. -Urn first meeting was quite informal— prc- tendedly casual— taking place in the Worms Cathedral, whose beauties the. Princess and .her father Prince Christian of Denmark, wore at that tinie studying. They next met at the home of the Crown Princess of Irussia, at Heidelberg, and then in the palace of King Leopold of Belgium, where the betrothal took place. It was kept a family secret for' two .month's, and then announced in the "Gazette." England gave an enthusiastic welcome to the Princess when she came, to London, three days be fore Tier .wedding. and the affection then .showered on her fay a nation has increased yearly with- fuller evidence of her fine character and personal charm. As Princess of Wales Alexandra fulfilled an important part in English life, for Queen Victoria never fully emerged from her re tirement after the Prince;.Consort's death. The sum of 100,000 kronen, about £8000, had been -given her by the Danes as a people s dowry, and she showed her interest in charity, Which has been -one of her ruling passions, by giving .10,000 kronen of this to the Danish hospitals. She also pre sented money from her private purse to Danish brides who were married on her wedding day. Every good cause has had her sympathy. During the Jubilee cele brations she gave largely for dinners for the poor, and frequently she visited htnnblo homes,, and ministered to the sick, and talked in homely way with the .mothers. Her interest in the work of the Salvation Army has led her to donate large sums to relieve tiie pressure of life in the congested parts of London, her personal friendship for. General Booth being evidenced by his frequent calls at Buckingham Palace. In 1905, when distress was unusually acute in London, ...she led a movement with a gift of £1000, a movement which grew to na tional proportions. Another popular move ment was the publication at Christmas in 1908, of her photographs, whereby many thousands of pounds were obtained for charity. The Dowager Queen takes a great interest inhousjng and immigration prob lems, and has done much for the encour agement of domestic arts. Of all her de corations sthe values most, her Red Cross as Prioress of the Order of St. John, of Jerusalem. As a mother Queen Alexandra' appealed to the hearts of British women. ' In her own childhood, spent in a home where money was not plentiful, she bad learned the simple -tasks of a home, and at Frog- more and Sandringham she reared licr chil dren- in similar manner. Her daughters learned, as their mother had. how to make their own clothes and to cook. Her affec- tion for her children is such that she is not happy without one of them by her side. When She appears in public," Prin- eess Victoria is always with her. Queen Alexandra delights in the company of chil dren, and the family of King George is frequently with her. The people's affection for the Dowager Queen, which was given singular epres- 81071 at the celebration of her silver- "vved- ding in .1888, and. lias been proved many -times since, has assured licr an ever cordial welcome in the London streets. Her singu lar beauty and graciousness, her unfailing tact, her exquisite taste in dress— followed by fashion throughout the English speak ing world— all have impressed the popular imagination. She frequently has worn a sad expression of late years, hut her beauty is wonderfully preserved, and her appear ance i« still that of a young woman. Of late she has made yearly visits to her favor ite sister, the Dowager Empress of Russia, and her old Danish home. At the time of her marriage tiie House of Commons settled a sum of £30,000 upon her in the event of her surviving the King, and this was lately increased to £70,000. The nation will doubtless now press further gifts upon her, for there i9 no more beloved figure in Eng lish life than that of the Dowager Queen. There have been few Dowager Queens of England. The last was the widow of Wil liam IV.. who survived her husband by eight years. 