TRADE AND FINANCE. Two steamers recently brought to Liverpool M.OOD frown Chinese pigs, 23,000 cases eggs, and 15,000 boxes of ducks, snipe and poultry. The first consignment of' Victorian lambs for export purposes has reached the cool stores. This was not the first lot to me give, a consignment of 500 lambs having been received at a private cool stores. The season is a little later than that of last year, but the prospects for a successful season are excellent. A motion submitted by one of the Australian rep recitatives on October 7 at the Refrigeration Conference in Vienna attracted a great deal of attention, in view of the fact that there is a meat famine in Austria. The motion wife to the effect that no Government should hinder the importation of frozen meat and other products 1910-11 their people would benefit by the importation. Sir John Taverner, Victorian Agent-General, delivered a forcible speech in support of the motion. He said that the State of Victoria was fully prepared to supply Austria with cheap and sound meat, '"he only question was v hellier the Austrian Government were prepared to do something for their own people. After town opposition, the motion was agreed to. It is announced that the Austrian Government has consented to allow of a trial shipment of 25 tons of meat from the Argentine. The turn of the tide of immigration to wards Australia is filling the steamers trading between Europe and the Common wealth to overflowing, and complaints are being made that people who want to come here from England cannot get berths before Christmas. The Victorian Treasurer (Mr. Watt) says that he has been advised by the Agent-General in London (Sir John Taverner) that it will be impossible to book passages for more than one-third of the new settlers who wish to leave, the United Kingdom for Victoria during the remainder of the year unless some special provision is made for increased accommodation by the shipping companies. Mr. Watt says, that Mr" Ministry is now negotiating, with the object of securing passages for the? people to Victoria. It may he says, be necessary to charter a special steamer or arrange with one of the companies to put on an extra vessel. It was recently cabled from London that the offer made by the Victorian! Government to holders of the I per cent, stock, 02,107,000, due 1911-1935, on 1st January next, is regarded as unsatisfactory, on the ground that the terms offered will be barely equivalent to the principal and interest then due. The exact terms have not been cabled, but the new stock to be offered will bear it,' crest at 3 per cent. There is the alternative that the holders may receive their principal in full, the necessary funds being no doubt obtained by trenching upon the Government balances held by the banks in Melbourne. It was plainly the duty of the Victorine Treasurer (says the "'Banking Record") to give notice of his intention to redeem, if by Redemption a saving of interest could be made. Mention is made in a consular report on the trade of Denmark that butter made in that country decreased in price during 1909 the official quotation of average price being about 901. (FCS 10s.), which was about Sir. (3s. 4d.) less than in 1903. In. 1909!) the total export of Danish butter amounted to 176,<l25,000lb., against 177,863.7001b. in the preceding year. Of last year's production 170,841, 7000\. went to the United Kingdom. The question of the quotation of butter prices engaged attention, and a conference was arranged between the British committee of Danish butter importers and representatives of Danish agriculture and but- ter! exporters. The contention of the British importers was that they should be able to buy Danish butter at a definite price. The result of the conference was that the butter quotation committee not only receives reports every Thursday from Danish merchants, but also from butter Importers in the United Kingdom. The weekly quotation will, it is stated, be thus based upon a larger range, and it is hoped that this method will meet the views of the British market. In his report on the trade of Tripoli, Syria, the British Acting Vice-Consul (Mr. M. G. Harris), says: "The importance of the personal element in business relations in this part of the world cannot be too often insisted upon. Catalogues, find even correspondence, have comparatively little effect; the native buyer wishes to see the article, or at least a sample of it, before he commits himself, and above all he wishes to see the seller or his personal (preferably European) representative. In order to get business, British, firms must make the same efforts in Syria as they make at home, and as their foreign rivals are already making with marked success in Syria. It is of comparatively little use to appoint a single native agent for a wide district like Syria; the inconvenience and cost of sending travellers to visit the various towns would probably be well repaid by results. Tripoli is growing in importance, owing to the new Tripoli Hams railway. It is well to bear in mind the necessity in the Syrian market 50' per cent representation, fair discount (rather than long cicliU, low freights,, careful attention to packing, and, above all, systematic study of local conditions." There is a widespread impression in some commercial circles in the United Kingdom says the British Consul at Con- stantinople) that the Levant trade is unsound and better left alone. The highly respectable English manager of a flourish- ing British business established in Constantinople described to the Consul how on a recent business visit to the United Kingdom he found people "too busy to see him directly they heard he came from Turkey. Many firms at home have replied to suggestions for pushing their sales in Turkey that the commercial morality of the Turkish market, is too had and the business too difficult. The Consul does not suggest that it is an easy market, but with proper care and reliable agents there is no reason, he thinks, why undue risk should be incurred. A careful but energetic agent is not always easy to find. The Constantinople Con saMe General is at the service of all British firms for that purpose, and deals with a fairly large number of applications each year. The report of Mr. Consul Mallet on the trade and commerce of Rosario in 1909, which was issued recently as a white paper, states that up to the present the United Kingdom has held first place in furnishing supplies to this district of Argentina, but a careful perusal of the tables shows that foreign competitors are gradually increasing their trade in some branches. The number of foreign travelling agents now constantly visiting these parts is noticeable, while their efforts, with a careful study of requirements and methods of trade, assist them to obtain large and profitable orders. For the information of British exporting firms who may desire to trade with this district (and the country certainly offers a splendid market the Consul states that the more important firms (there are several whose sales amount to several millions of dollars annually) have no time to attend to the large number of trade letters and circulars they. receive from abroad by every post. , Competition for trade in Rosario is very keen, and agents and travellers from abroad are constantly on the watch to meet requirements, and merchants, on account of the less trouble it gives them, frequently avail themselves of these opportunities to replenish their stock. To obtain practicable and profitable results, it is necessary to get into direct touch with the local buyers. Moreover, too much emphasis cannot be laid on the necessity of boxing, when orders have been obtained, that the article supplied is strictly of the class and quality required. Some foreign competitors', after careful study in many cases manufacture agricultural implements, machinery, etc, especially adapted to the country. Agricultural requirements, on account of their importance, are being specially looked after. Coal, wire for fencing, corrugated iron, hardware, cement, paints and var- nishes, agricultural machinery and implements, electrical fittings, whisky, drugs, crockery, material for grain bags, iron girders used in buildings, stationery, carry, lumber, twine, dry goods, tinned provisions, etc., are some of the more important items of merchandise likely to be required. 