EMIGRATION TO AUSTRALASIA. A DANISH WARNING. London. February 8. The Danish Ministry for Foreign Af fairs has issued, through the newspapers, a notice dissuading emigrants from go ing to Australia or New Zealand, "as the difficultes of subsistence in those cointries have increased considerably." ENGLISH LADS FOR VICTORIAN FARMS. London, February 9. Sir John Taverner, Agent-General for Victoria, has chosen a dozen respectable lads from among applicants at Stratford to emigrate for a year's training on Vio torian farms. The lads, who are chiefly M shop boys and factory hands, will leave London by the s.s. Miltiades. Their ages range from 16 years to 18 years. A SWEDISH WARNING. REPLY BY SIR ROBERT BEST. S Melbourne, February 9. The Minister for Customs (Sir Robert Best) referred to-day to a cable message stating that Count Momer, the Consul General for Sweden in Australia, had warned intending emnrants against proceeding to Australia or New Zealand on kecount of the difficulties in the way of getting employ ment.. "I deny," said Sir Robert Best, -that such statements are warranted. There is plenty of room for, suitable men to makeo a livg min Australia as agriculturists. Our best answer is to point to our extraordinary prosperity. Australia is but an infant among nations, but our storal production last year was £50,600,0, wldle minerals were worth £28,301,000, our agricultural pro duction was £30,500,000,. and our manufac tures were worth £101,000,000. POSITION OF DENMARK AND SWEDEN. CONSULAR STATEMENTS. SThe Danish Consul (Mr. Tl? uker) and the Swedish Consul (Count Morner) said to-day that, neither Denmark nor Sweden could spare agricultural.immigrants, and although t'i.ey did send immigrants from other classes S"they found it most difficult to place them. The warnings given by the Governments of Denmark and Sweden seem to be duetto the forwarding to the Swedish authorities by Count Mosrer of a newspaper cutting of a report of an attack on the Government immigration policy by Mr. Holman, MI.LA., at Newcastle last November.. In that speech Mr. Holman spoke of the steady stream of immigration being directed to Australia by the dissemination of deliberately lying state nents. Immigrants, said Mr. Holman, found themselves on arrival "in a fool's paradise, into which they. had been deluded by the deliberate lies of an unprincipled Govern ment." Count Morner said that he forwarded a report of Mr. Holman's remarks to the Swedish Government with a request that it should be forwarded to the Swedish Anti Immigration Society. He also said that the Swedish immigrants who came hee,; being mostly-non- agriculturists, found much difculty in getting employment. } 