| Th# iwry. t ' - ' j- I ' .1V ' " " 0S2VMAKJHl!S or32at dairymen. f,t. coming to !a.ustrxi a. The m'KeHzie-Mead missiOhWas suc cessful in meeting a eonsideriaDle num ber- of prospective emigrants v from Benmark for Australia. Th&sejjeopla; have not yet been shipfcfect away because there are no berths avail able for them in the steamers. So many hundreds of emigrants are "book ed for Australia that all the berths have been bespoken for several months to come. But the Danes, when they come here, will bring an invaluable knowledge of expert and economic dairypSSJtetfv,, Denmark has been givers' SiC,&Akrgfy;&%Q the production of but/eF market, and by scimdcv/rihagentefMfs marvellously incnpeted 'the milk her dairy cattiW A> 7/J.f >l"A Somjnjestibfe I n regard to DanishN(OTn#yiag.iqthi have been collected en, of the firm of Hansen, rPf«H=nd Co., of Mel bourne, who has just returned from Denmark, where he acted as a special agent for the M'Kenzie-Mead mission when it visited that country. HIGH AVER-AGES. "The most striking point about dairy ing in Denmark," said Mr Hansen, "is the extraordinary high average yield that the Danish dairy farmer obtains from hi 3 herd, compared with the average in other countries like Aus tralia, w1 -re, in spite of much more favorable natural conditions, the yield is low. But we have the capacity of improvement, and the Danish immi grants will be able to show us the why. "The high milk yield of Danish herds has not been achieved by any secret or marvellous process. It has been brought about simply by following a systematic course of breeding and feeding. Twenty or thirty years ago the average milk iCIU UI J-'ctrlllZMi lax ill \V<10 llUffl OvW to 40C0 lbs of milk a cow a year. Any thing less than TOGO lbs of milk a cow a year is now thought unsatisfactory, on a well-worked dairy farm, and more than 13,000 lbs a year a cow is often obtained. The method of stock im provement has been evolved by the world-famous cow-testing societies of Denmark. "When one of these organisations is formed the membership consists of 20 or 30 farmers. They appoint a super visor, paying him either a fixed salary or so much a cow. This official's work is to visit the dairies regularly to test and weigh each cow's milk. A record is kept on the farm of the tests, to gether with particulars of breeding, feeding, and so forth. Guided by the records the farmer can select the right kind of cow to breed from, and weed out unprofitable stock. The supervisor also keeps a record of the local butter factory's products, whether the factory be a co-operative or a proprietary con cern. This would be useful in Victoria in establishing a mutual understanding between bmer and seller, where now- much confusion and doubt exist. NO STATE AID. '"The most remarkable feature of the Danish societies is that they receive no State aid. This fact appealed strongly to your Special Commissioner when in Denmark. The Danish farmer prefers to pay the cost of inspection himself and be 'independent,' and it has paid the country to leave him alone. Interest in improving the milk yield is also stim- - ulated by means of competitions held by the societies. The supervisor's re cords- are collected by the governing body and published yearly far the gui dance of all its members, and a fine competitive spirit is in this manner es tablished throughout the whole indus try. Particulars are giveri in the re cords of each- farm, herd, quantity and kind of fodder used, total and average milk yield and results of butter fat tests. "Of the hundreds of such reports published, let me take that of the Bel- ingi and District Cow Testing Society, supervised by Mr H. Nelson. Here are enrolled 31 dairies with a total of 206 cows, of which 46 were past their first and 27 past their second calving. The best average return from one farm was 11,07211?. of milk per cow, giving a test of 3.4S per cent., or 3851b. of butter fat a cow. The lowest average return from a single farm was 68301b jper cow of milk, giving a test of 3.S1 per cent, of butter fat a cow for tbe - twelve - months, while . the <v for the.- whole society, Tmiltldittg : heifers/ ' etc., . of the 266 milkers amounted to the grand ave- \- ' i: - . yield from cows enteredsingly in com petition. /riOne cow; /Karlp/ belongmg| to Myv M,. Hansen, of Hoyhaven, in ..the I as tlSt- mentiqned Aboye, tea$i .<jr «SQK ,,jp| ..buj,£if,JQyf .wiu s t dpes ifpt constitute a recprdor a single ! same ' .$$ . ' X ' of ' W &?$, per j 4i&&lbof; ;Uer £ait;: :'gud j . lt 'yegrr/se gave 13,7331b! of milk with ' \- a .65per,cent. test, or 50X1 b. of liuir | ;tfer' ... I xir jFtsen says emphatically: ,'ttinjt ' fartriers accustomed to. dairying on such sciedtifi.c, methods as the Danes . . will ' make a wonderful advan< in the inr ustry wien they settle In Australia, where' lAe natural obnions are' inuch superior j:p .those of Denmark. ... - 