'I'Lilv WKKK'S CABLES. | : ? —4 ? ? . The arbitration, o.grecment betwem . Eng land and Germany has been prolong,.-:! until 1 1914. The death is announced of Sir George Al exander Drummond, senator of Canada, aged SO rears. -South Australia has an excellent display 01' produce, which is attracting much atten tion at' the Midland Counties' Growris'. I'x~: hibition at Birmingham. The -British-India' Company's steamer Loo 11101111 is missing. She leit Mauritius for Co- 1 lombo' 011 January 10, and had on board. 10 Europeans and 75 native passengers. - ... 1 j Wills . proved at Somerset- House during the | month of January-' bequeathed to public uses ::i t/reac Britain-, the. sum of £1.000,000, and such bequests for tho last four rears amounted to '£1S,S00,()00. ' Duke Guiitiier of Schloswig-rHolscem is peti tioning the Brussels Court to. appoint a juid cial family council to administer, the affairs of his mother-in-lay.-, Princess Louise, daughter of the late King of Belgium. alleging that she is extravagant and weak-minded. Mr. Fred. Horner, an ex-M.P. for Lambeth North, has been committed for trial for tele graphing to the 'Daily Mail' under the head ing of '.'local correspondence' false news con cerning Mr. Lldyd-George's liostile reception at Falmouth, as cabled on January 10., Mr. , W. Davidson, Inspector-Gen -v-xl of Public Works of Victoria, who has been, making inspections and inclines in, £n&]au-l. in view of the scheme for the '.improvement of the port of. Melbourne, will rail, for Australia in the R.M.S. Moi'ea. Mr. W. L. A. 13. Hiirilc'tt-Coutts, M.P., has offered - tho ? promoters of tiio . Festival- of Em pire his premises at, Piccadilly as a clubhouse f.ir tho 1200 colonial delegates who are 'ex pected to participate in thei-pagehnt. Arrange ments uro being made for the delegates to visit places of interest in England. Tiie 'Daily Chronicle' referring to Mr. Ehvood Mead's mission to secure irrigation farmers with capital for Victoria, states that it represents a complete reversal of immigra tion policy. and that Victoriai from, being the most backward State in immigration matters, steps into the position of the most enterpris ing Stato of the Commonwealth. : . ' P.eplying to Senator van Heecker, the Dutoli Minister of Foreign' Affairs. Jhr.. Dr. R. de '-T:irop's van Swinderen, refused .to ask for a further declaration -.or: guarantees that Great Britain and Germany, in case of war, would respect the'-''-' integrity ;? and neutrality - of: the Xctherlands1. . - He added that, their integrity wis 'sufficiently- guaranteed.', -This declara tion is attracting.' attention , owing to Ger many's supposed designs 'upon Holland. . A livw court-action lias-revealed that Mr. -A ddisoni-Bright.-va' deceased ^dramatic author's agont, has detrauded Sir. Conan Doyle, Messrs. J. M. Barrie, F. C. Philips, Louis N. Parker, and Stephen of £23.000 in connection with American royalties. Mr. Baine only. discovered the frauds when, the executors of the lato'Mr. Bright asked, him to look into his. accounts. The investigation resulted, in the payment to Mr. Barrie ot £10,000. A Hindu, alleged to be a confederate of the man sentenced at Bombay last month, was located at a Cairo hotol, -supposedly awaiting the arrival of the; Duko of Connaught anjd liis family, 011 their African hunting expedition. His movements having: been highly suspicious at Singapore, tho polico. there warned Cairo of the man's presence. The suspect, finding himself closely shadowed, lied,-, embarking for Naples, v. . ? ?? ... . Air. Carow- Martina , keeper and secretary sinco 1S98 of the Royal Society , of British Artists, and a prominent man in the art world, has been remanded to Bow-street l'olice Court, on bail, for twice forging the ??.'?name of the. society's treasurer, and. embezzling £loJD0, in numerous sums. Tlio accused is a giandson of the 'celebrated- painter; John Martin, who painted 'Belshazzai 's Feast,' etc. _ In football -:(Rugby) yesterday, - Wales de feated Scotland by 14 points to nil. The King will 1011 rnev to Brighton on Feb ruary 7, and remain there till February 14. Mr and Mrs. Chamberlain have gone to Cannes, 111 the French Riviera. , A miner at the Meadow Colliery, Staffoi d sliire; pushed a tub into the shaft under the mistaken impression that the cage was at the top; and fell 'with the tub a distance ot 249 feet into water, and,: was ^rescued uninjured. Tho Pope- has cancelled tho arrangement to receive'- Mr.- Fairbanks. Vice-President of the United States; after his tour to the Orient, be eauso he had previously been re-ieived by King Emmanuel of Italy, besides addressing a Methodist Church. : - ? The appearance ot aeroplanes in, Heliopolis, terrified many or the Arabs. Ladies .01 tne ua renii 'Seated in a special grandstand,- watched 1 the. specetcle behind green curtains.: - : Italy and Switzerland -are fortifying;- then respective entrances to . the . Simplon . tunnel vit.ii mines inside tho tunnel. . In the match foi the chess championship between - Dr. ? Lasker. andi'HBrr. Splilechtei ,,the. eighth 'game has -been ; drawn. H en- ,'Schlech tei vins if he diaws two nioie Brazil .has issued : a loan of- £10, 000. (Jim-.. bearing interest at the rate of 4 per cent., for conservation purposes, and for the con struction of railways. -The:. price .of issue is £ST 10s The Khedive has -convoked the /General, As sembly of , ? Egypt: to consider* the draft of : the Sue:i 'Convention/ providinK for . the. prolonga tion' of tiie concession till 200S. 011 lines. already I'ibled The London. Health authorities have ordered the re- exj)ortatioir of two. shipments of ^Chinese frozen - pics, owing to - indications of, the- ani niii.ls 'liavingi suffered from: swine -fever.. Mr.' :D. Frohman. js uroducincr: the lato Mr. Meredith's: unfinished comedv, -'The Sontimon Thu returns: of trade of; the .United King dom prepared l)y the Board- of , Trade show that imports during Januarv increased bv £2.420. 700, exports - increased hv £0.000.069. and re e- ports increased hv .-CI .459.613. . compared with the same month of last vear. Dr. ? Martiri Ekenborg.j a chemist, who was ordered to be extradited from England on a charge of sending bombs to Mr. John Ham mar, director of the Swedish Export Associa tion, of Stockholm, died of apoplexy in Brix ton prison. King Gnstavus V. of Sweden suffered inter nal pains since Sunday. Appendicitis was di agnosed, and an immediato operation was made at- midnight 011 Monday. Tho operation proved successful. Groat Britain has intimated to the Chinese Government that it must consult Russia and Japan beforo entering into arrangements for tho construction of the Cliinchau-Aigon rail way. In tho coming season. Viscount Maidstono, son and heir of the' Earl of Winchelsea, is to 1)0 married to Miss Margaretta Droxals, daughter of Mr. Anthony Droxols. Captain John Joseph Dunne, who fought in tho Maori insurrection of 18C4, is dead. Tho. King and Queeu of Norway have At tended two of Mr. Percy Grainger's recitals, and have presented him with a handsome sou venir. The death is anounced of Mr. Francis Quin lan, formerly a County Court Judge, of Vic toria. Death was duo to heart failure, and occurred at- Clovedoti, Somersot. Arthur Thomas Ellis, a dealer in old china, has been committed for trial at the Bow street Police; Court on a charge of obtaining by false pretences £500 from tiie late Charles J. Dickens, a collector of old china. The Japanese explorer M. Zuicho has discov ered in Chinese Turkestan 30 Buddhist scrolls belonging to the second and seventh centuries. ? The Danish Minister of Foreign Affairs has issued a notice through the newspapers dis suading^ intending immigrants from going to Australia and . New Zealand, on the ground that ; difficulties - of subsistence have increased considerably . in, those* countries. Tho Glasgow Chamber of : Commerce, fear ing the effects of the proposed maximum rates of the Port of London, has resolved to be rep resented by counsel tit the forthcoming inquiry into the schedule. .Four Greek brigands, executed . at Smyrna, .Asia Minor, belonged to the band which at tempted to kidnap Mr. Paterson, and who also held other Europeans to ransom in 1908. Miss Violet Cliarleswortli, who mysteriously disappeared J after a motor-car accident in Wales at the commencaoient of last year, hr.s been arrested, together ;wit!l her mother, on a charge of obtaining money at Derby by false pretences. 