SUMMARY. it is stated that the House of Commons JS If asked to declare that a change in rosary is in relations with the Lords. Ministers hope In a two-days' debate to end ">? tree. on which they are dependent for support. in., again Is falling- Each section of the Allis been placed under a board of area A engineers, and sanitary experts. The Archbishop of Paris hold a service of Jiteni when he declared that the floods were a call to repentance. According to Router, the estimate of the toage-£40.000,000-wlll be far exceeded in Paris and suburbs. The Lord Mayor of London's Fund for the relief of the sufferers in France amounts to £15,000. The Emperor Francis Joseph has given a and [no City of Vienna says The Standard Oil Company has given £4000. incriminating documents and plans have been" found at Lisbon respecting the alleged conspiracy against the monarchy. The defalcations amount to £833,000 in connection with the frauds alleged against SS, ex Danish Minister for Justice. The U.S.. Postmaster-General says that millions sent to Europe could be retained If immigrants felt that the banks were safe. Colonel Thomas Swope, a millionaire, of Kansas City, died suddenly. Chemical an aisle showed that he died of strychnine poisoning. A Russian prisoner committed suicide by wearing a handkerchief with petroleum, tying it round his head, and setting fire to it. Rear-Admiral Gamble Pasha, Commander in-Chief of the Turkish Fleet, has resigned, owing to ill-health. The British Foreign Office will not in future issue passports without a certificate of re- spectability. The Wakefield arrived at Durban on Friday. She will search for the Waratah after discharging her cargo. The destroyer Eden, which was blown from her moorings during recent heavy weather, has been refloated. Greenwich Observatory has secured photographs of the new comet, discovered by the Johannesburg Observatory. Great uneasiness is felt at Constantinople Ja official circles owing to the convocation of the Greek National Assembly. Turkey, It is said, has decided on extreme measures If Greece accepts deputies from Crete. American statistics have been published to prove that New York is the leading seaport in the world. Mrs. Pankhurst, leader of the militant suffragist movement, announces the cessation of militant tactics in favour of educational tactics. Mr. J. B. Suttor reports to the Premier that the coal strike has seriously dislocated Australian trade in the East. He adds: "Australia has gained the unenvi- able reputation of being the only country having strike clauses in contracts." The Barrier District P.L.L., anxious to have tested the validity of the amended Industrial Disputes Act, suggests raising a fund. R. Young, who was fined £100 in connection with the strike, has returned to Kurri Kurri. He had awaited arrest at Newcastle since Friday. The steamer Cars, which left Newcastle on Thursday for Westport, returned yesterday short of coal. The first shipment of coal purchased by the South Australian Government was signalled yesterday off Cape Borda. The conference of Interstate delegates of las Australian Natives' Association was commenced in Melbourne yesterday. A motion for the establishment of a Federal Board was agreed to by 18 votes to 3. ' The delegates unanimously agreed to urge ttataPedoral Friendly Societies Act be made bill as soon as possible. Tamworth has asked the Government to ap- point an expert to thoroughly investigate the question of flood prevention. The river Darling is reported to be rising very fast, and fears of a flood are entertained at Bourke. The annual conference of the P.L.L. carried A motion in favour of raising the school age of children from 14 to 10. The idea was that the last two years of school should be devoted entirely to technical education, A motion was also carried in favour of a reduction of State Assembly members to 64. Mr. P. J. Minahan was elected president of the Political Labour League by a majority of 3 over Mr. Lamond. A native murder took place on the island of Tabltouea (Gilbert Group), on December 15, the victim being an elderly man. The previous month a young man and young woman committed suicide by hanging at the same place. About 2000 members of the Wharf-labourers' union met in the basement of the Town Hall last night. The Reds (socialists) and the Blues (mode rites) were in conspicuous opposition to each other. It is said that Mr. Hughes, M.P., was jammed up in a corner at one time, and in considerable danger. Mr. Bruce Smith denies that he used his influence, as stated by Mr. Waddell, prevent the electors deciding in the fina issue. He says that Mr. Waddell is trying to in Juro him in the eyes of his constituents on the eve of a general election. The Southern Collieries Industrial Board sat at Helensburgh yesterday, Judge Edmunds presiding. The Federal revenue returns show for the first seven months of the financial year an increase of £407,300. It is stated that English, American, and German residents of Samoa have formed an alliance to obtain redress regarding taxation. The report declares that they contemplate ending a delegation to Berlin to seek relief from the German Chancellor. Mr. Justice Cohen, in Chambers, granted bail to Dr C. F. Fiaschi and Nurse M. E. Young, awaiting their trial on a charge of murder. A little girl aged 5 was bitten by a death adder on a selection near Cudgera, and rain seriously recovered. Interstate trade grow from £20,500,000 in 1904 *?" jJU.OOO.OOO « 1008 an increase »11,600,000 in four years. Shocking allegations are made concerning the Broken Hill water supply, which, it fated, to polluted Ly minerals and refuse. This is denied by the secretary of the local water supply company. The Minster for External Affairs products JJPPV relations as a result of the Federal "rates financial agreement. A meeting of the Liberal League laid on passes on the need for electors to see that they were enrolled. On Monday afternoon Mr. Scrivenor drove in T first peg for the contour survey of the Federal capital site, Mr. Waldegrave, Under-Secretary for Justice in New Zealand, has been appointed adminis- trative head of the Dominion Police Department. Inquiries made at the principal garages In we city indicate that nearly 120 more taxi cabs are shortly due to arrive. The Federal steamer Kent, from Sydney, bound to London, damaged in collision, has arrived at Fort Said. Temporary repairs are there being effected, Jiro will be sufficient to enable her to resume her voyage. Another private cable states that the steam- ar Strathnairn, after having been in collision, Baa returned to Baltimore. A public meeting at Inverell resolved that [away connection with the main Northern line at Glen Innes was an urgent necessity. Operations on the Mining market yesterday morning took a wider range than has been the who for some days past, There was only a moderate turnover in the nwynoon, chiefly in silver scrip, which gen orally showed a further weakening. Forecast. Except for a clearing shower or so on the extreme north coast, fine through out. and warmer, with north-easterly winds. 