Xhekk it a deal of Lard strenuous work immediately ahead of Sir George Heid at the seat of the Empire, r - quiring the excise of tact, judgment and keen business ability. Th- office or nign commissioner or tne com monweaith will lie no sinecure, nor do w - think tint its administration wil be matei'iallr influenced or guided by the suappisl critici-m which occa sionally finds its way into th columns of the press. .We have one regret, and 't is chat for the past nine years Australia has had no accredited rt- presentatwe in Groat Britain, True, we bavr had six States' Agencies- General. but the British Colonial Oflicc his steadfastly declined to enter into business relations with any of them in matters affecting the Com- monvcalth as a whole. They have declared their intention " to deal direct with the Federal Government,'' anc the abscuc of a High Commis- sicuer has consequently meant much tc Australia in the delay involved in direct communicati u. Sir George Held does not go to England merely as a figure head, or merely as an advocate of Australia's superior ad vantages. Es- entiallv he is a business agent, exalted it inaj be : but if his office and mission is to succeed, he p will need to be regarded much as the Canadian High Commissioner is re- garded, nam ly, as " one of the smartest business agon s in the Em- | pire." What that reputation lias R done for our Canadian cousins tha ks I to the extraordinary virility and far- IE seeing activity of Lord Strathcona, no | one needs now to be reminded. AH 1 we need notice is the vital necessit a for emulating, and bett- ring where it . be possible, the Canadian methods, £ particularly in securing Australia's . full share of trade and immigrant . : H e are reminded, too, that every day the Commonwealth is touching the " world at more points, and that any adjustments which require to be made | must lie made through Loudon. There t are delicate matters of diplomacy C arising from time to time which cau- | not be postponed, and the immediate £ settlement of which may be fraught b with the utmost con»equeuce to the . Commonwealth, Instances might be multijfiied to show what we mean. 1 For .sample, had the Australian : Governments -"-ad people been able to \ speak decisively and authoritatively a r few years ago, we should not now have \ Jear phe possible enroachtnent of I < German and Ffreuflh colonists in New ( Guinea and the New Hebrides. And in tlie years that lie immediattiy > ahead, questions of trade will almost, i sure to arise between Australia and | the foreign Governments which cou- | U'ol these Pacific possessions, the : solution of which will need to Ipter . through the Biitish home authorities, i aided by the accredited Australian ! represent- live. Then there is the matter of the " White Australia " ideal, which for a year or two past ; ha? threatened mischief so hf a<$ ifcy King's colored subjects in various parts of the Empire, particular'y in India, are concerned ; and beyond that, again, the questio must sooner or later be settle J how fa Australia is justified in keeping out the colored allies of Japan. We know that British statesmen are "disposed to look with scant favor upon our national ideal in this respect but, for all that, we shall stand by that ideal, and when tie dav of dispute arrives, we shall need to make our national voice authoritatively heard in London. We must bear in inind, too, that the tendency of the times arising from the German menace is to link up Great and Greater Britain as one united Empire, acting concertedly in all matters affecting the Empire wholly or as to ant of its parts ; and it is conceivable that no universal oolicv can be devised and effectuated without the appointment of an infor mal Imperial Council, composed of the various oversea High Commis sioners and high-placed British Ministers. The "cost of administering the High Commissioner's office will doubtless be heavv, but it need not be extrava gant. Economies can be practised in other directions, notably in curt.iling the expense and duties of the exist iug .States" Agents- general offices, lri is not the " retention of Australian that these costly and pompous — and practically useless — bodies should be continued, save as purely local busi ness agencies. The offici 1 report which these agencies jointly pre sented to the Commonwealth Parlia ment a while ago showed that the time may be anticipated when each of them ould be economically and usefully merged in the High Commissioner's office. Through the Federa repre sentative, each of them nnijht be em ployed i:i collecting, tabulating, and circulating special information ms pect in if the lands, local conditions, and so forth, of the respective States, so that intending immigrants could the in re i adily choose their new home in our vast continent There must be no overlapping. What we require is one broa comprehensive scheme, carried out bv harm -nious co- operation. Sir George Reid thoroughly understands our national net-d, ard we are amongst those who believe that 'o fulfil i hi- is the right man in the ri- ht place, there is plenty 'f pioneering work to be done, but there is no lack of pre cedent. The competition between tin various oversea dominion- for new markeis nid for suitable immigrants has probably never been so keen, but thn contest is being conducted n emi nently fair lines, without any petty jealousies. Hitheito Australia lias suff-rcd sa dv in the want of a dire-dor of lies- effort - ; but within a year oi two, his prese ce in London should make a very marked and appreciable difference in the steady flow of hardt and thrifty Britishers to these shores. Persistent effort, well directs b with brains and enterprise behind b th. postulate success in the Common wealth s new venture, and we look confidently to the result A lecture on co-operation and Farmers Unions is announced to be delivered in the erang Mechanics' Hall by Mr F. A. Nuske secretary of the Victorian Producers Co operative Co., Ltd. This company has now- taken possession of its registered offices in A/Beckett Chambers, Bendigo. The work of organising has lately received a great impetus, ond the company certainly has ii view objects that must receive every con sideration from producers who view with favor the system of co-operation as applied to rural industries. The promises of sup port recently received makes it appear plain that the step is regarded as a distinct ad vance in the matter of offering facilities to farmers, pastoralists and others for the shipment and disposal by the most ap proved means of their produce in the various markets of the world. The repre sentative for the Keraug district Major Lempriere is especially desirous that far mers sliuu.fi attend the lecture. During one of the " turns " at Skuthorp's buckjumping snow ou s-aturday evauing when local ridejs were asked to back a paii of buckjumpiuguiuies, a young fellow named Clayton had the misfortune when thrown, to be trodden on by one of the animals and the large bone of the leg broken. The suffe rer was attendel to by Dr 4M'Eniry. Mr Skuthorp has generously promised to pay all expenses resulting from the accident. Mr James Hussey, employed by the Water Supply department on the Long Lake pumpiug vorks when loading wood into the furnace ou Wednesday was bitten by a snake on the third finger of the right ' hand. He immediately stopped the engine tied his finger aud wrist up, and after sharpening a knife with a file he cut the finger, sucked the venom from the wound and then rode a bicycle into Boga where after an application of permanganate of potash and after other remedial measures he was driven to Swan Hi'.l where the doctor pronounced him oat of any danger. U.i Tnursday last «r Wells's thrashing machine was nearly finished at the farm of Mr W. Lowrie, of Kestdown. when the stack, containing about 46 bags of wheat caught lire, and vas destroyed, as well s- about 50 acres of stubble and grass. By strenuous efforts the fire was subdued with out further loss. A and B teams play in the park to-morrow commencing at 3.15 p.m. B team—Dean, Ternll, Gray, O'Donuell, Pal mer, Whitelaw, 1 urnbull, Douglas, Lang, Cullen, Ingle, Jones aud Manning. The Australian Mutual Provident Society- has, we understacd established another re cord for its new business for .the year 1909, having completed in the Ordinary Depart ment new assurances to the extent of £5, 160,000, the total for the Industrial De partment amounting to tfi90,000, making altogether £5,850,000. All the branches in the Commonwealth, New Zealand and Lou don contributed veiy satisfactorily to this results, Mr D, 51 Donald advertises a number of lines for his Mystic Park .bock sale which takes place on February 9th. A meeting of creditors in the insolvent ©s tate of Andrew Kirk, Seur. , is announced to take place at tlje Court offices, Kerang, on Thursday, l'ebruaiy 10th, at 10.30 a .m. for the election of trustees etc. The annual tea meeting and concert in connection with the Tragowel and ilacorua Presbyterian Church is announced to take placp in tfis Tragovpel hall on Wednesday, February 23rd. At the forty-fourth huh- vearly ipeptiug of the Sandhurst and Northern District Trus- tfies, Exequtors and Agency Company on friffky ? dividend was made at the tate of S ppr pejjt. ppp qnngin for the half-year end- fog December ijlst, and a foams of 2 per pent, jisr ami ma fop tfo year piidfog Do pember 3'st. Messrs J. |J. Gmidge and G. Y. Lansfoi were re-elected director! witjjogfc cositiwa. j The Shire Secretary, 31r D. G. Rattray hae received a notification from the Laads j Department stating that the question j whether Allotment 21B section C being live acres in the Parish of Kerang, known as the sand reserve near w ren's, should be reserved for sand purposes would be considered at a local land board at the Court house, ft erang, on T uesday next, February 8th The letter invites the secretary and members of the ( ouncil and any other per son who so desires to be in attendance when the matter will be finally- settled- A meeting of the Kerang branch of the Political Labor Council is convened for Wednesday cveniDg. at 8 p.m. in the 3Iecha- nies.' Applications are invited by Mr J. E. M'Kay of B i-1 Bael, up to February 21st, for cultivating 640 acres of Mallee land either in one lot or lesser portions on a shares or rental basis lor a term of five years. Tenders arc invited by the Shire of Wycheproof, up to noon of February 15tb, tor the ions t ruction of bridges and earth works about three miles from Lalbert sta tion. A copy ot the plans and specifica tions may be seen at the Shire Hall, Kerang. Last night Voiles' Living Pictures and entertainers made their appearance in Kerang, aud in spite of the counter attrac tions and the opening of the duck season drew a fair house. Their programme proved as attractive as ever aud was thoroughly- enjoyed. Advices from London on the 2Sth ult. reporting the Butter 31arket advanciug and excited. Danish is quoted at 123a to 124s per cwt. The bulk oi the choicest Austra lian butter ex Orsova has been cleared at about J12s per cwt. The quotation is uow nominally Ills to 1 16;. The New Zealand butter to arrive per Turakina, due about Saturday, is quoted at about 120s. Argen tine is quoted at 1 !;. ft is reported that large firms have bought heavily anticipating a further rise and the market closed in -an excited state. Mr VV. Harris Notifies that lie has resumed tuiton in the piano and voice production and refers to his recent successes at the Lon don College of 31usie examinations when twelve of nis pupils passed. As 3Ir Harris has been asked to visit Koondrook, intend ing pupils are asked to make arrangements either by letter or personally. Elsewhere the principal (Miss M. E. M'c'ofough) of the Kerang College notifies that the school re-opens after the Christmas vacation on Tuesday, February Sth. Miss 31'Colough will be in attendance on Monday next to enroll scholars for the ensuin ; term Among the students who passed through this college last year may be mentioned Mr T. Harridge who pissed the Junior Public in English, Latin history arithmetic and Algebra, obtaining distinction in the first three subjects. He also passed the senior public in English language and literature -and British history thereby entitling hini to the Martriculation certificate for the Mel bourne University. The roUowing are the readings by Mi Waddeli's instruments, taken at 9 a.in., 1 p.m., and 4 p.m. Barometer : Friday, 29.48, 29,49, 29.50 ; Saturday, 29.68, 29 66, 29.60 ; Sunday, 29.70, 29.66, 29.68 : Monday, 29.63, 29.55, 29.50. 'i'hermome r.vr — Maximum heat registered under the verandah for above four days — 88. 91, 94, 95. Minimum — 60, 56. 57.2, 5S.S. DIFFERENT TG OTHERS Chamberlain's Tablets do not act upon he bowels like mos laxatives and catbar- ics. They possess such tonic properties that they soon stregtheneven the weakest stomach so it can properly and voluntarily perform its functions. chamber ainV Tablets never cause griping or pains of any sort Sold Everywhere. Who is the young visitor with us who sets us all thinking, yes, sets us ah think ing of how we are going to entertain him red bow be is going to entertain us ? Well it is only young 1910. And here is an answer to the first query, read'back iy trading at E. and C. Pay's, the lead- iae Victoria (Stores, you will entertaiD 1910 in Values, Quality and Economy. In Drapery. Millinery, Boots and House Furnishing, also m Groceries, Hardware, Ironmongery, Wines and Spirits. J Advt.j FOR BABIES There is no better medicine nude for babies than Chambelain B Couh Rimely its pleasant taste and prompt and effective cures make it a favourite with mothers of mal children. It quickly cures their coughs and prevents pneumonia and other serious consequences. Sold Everywhe e Arnoidt and Dann announce a largv shipment of cartridges fresh from the loading machine due jhere oo 25th last. 'htse cartridges bear the name " Sp. foal i,cfever Cartridges," and are up to the huh staudard of the well-known Lefever Guns. They are loaded with Curtis and Harveys Ambente in Eieys grey shells aud are of British material throughout. Sportsmen would be well advised to calland see these before deciding on any others. Dr L. L. Smith, Medical Almanac and Vlasaina Weather Almanac for 1910 : also iiddons Weather Chart obtainable ai Paul J. Caduscii's Kerang News Agency and Sports Depot. oags for oats and barley, washed and brushe % sugars can be got at Hawthorne Bros. — I Advt.1 