NEWS OF THE WORLD An Austrian schoolboy, named Camlllo Sock:, 18 years ot a|;e, shot hiin< self dead in a" box during tie performance of an opera at tho Vienna Opera House because he had failed in Greek and Latin in a recent examina. ticu. Dr. Vincent; a French physician, gays that inoculation experiments upon guinea pigs and other animals have convinced him that vaccine obtained Irom the sterilised typhoid bacilli will lender human beluga proof against typhoid. The parents ol a little girl whD was « lulled fcy a mutton bone carelessly tl'rown ont of a railway dining car near Vienna have been awarded £366 damages against the railway company. The attendant who threw, the bone tas been sent to prison, Mr. Carnegie, who has scarcely recovered from a badly sprained knee, was having dinner with a party In his private railway car «t Pittsburg re. cently, when, owing to a detective cwltch, '4/G a train dashed against the flue of the car. Mr. Carnegie, his guests, and the dinner things were all deposited ov the floor, hat no sericui harm was done. Controversy has been aroused New York by a proposed new Customs regulation to permit ladies entering America to bring with them free ot duty 30 cigarettes or BO cigars. The authorities say it is not intended to encourage smoking among ladies. It Is pointed out that it will foster deceit among ladles who have husbands and brothers. P. D. Millet's famous painting, "Goins to 'Work," has ieen sold under the "jammer in New York for £10,COO. From the lend of March, 1909, to January 1, 1910, 150,000 immigrants entered Canada, the estimated /population of which at the end of 1909 was ?,:)no.ooo. Leaving Constantinople, Admiral Sir Douglas Gamble was presented by the Saltan with a gold cigarette case studded with brilliants, a gold match-bor, and the mednl of the Jmtiaz Order. Owing to a furious cyclone the German South-West African diamond fields were inundated a few weeks ago. When the sea receded it was found that the deppsiti were quite as rich in diamonds as before the cyclone, strengthening the theory that the diamonds come from submarine pipes. Mrs. Gertie Jackson, of Joliet, Illinois, who is only 17 years old, haB divorced two husbands, and has now taken out a licence to marry a third, Mrs. Jackson's first marriage was on May 2. 190S, and on November 23 she had secured a divorce. She was married again on July 4, 1909, and six months later she was free once more. The story of the Irishman who thoughtlessly sawed off the branch ot a tree on which he was sitting has come true in the ease of Patrick DIsklll, a carpenter, of New York. When ordered ta saw off a beam five storeys above tbe street Hi a new building lu Hock ma ii avenue, he straddled thu beam aud sawed it off between himself and the building. Diskln fell with the sawn end to the street, and the other workmen rushed to him expecting tu find him dead. Diskin, however, jumped to his feet, and, though a . little dazed, !t was found that he was suffering only from a scalp wound. •What is probably a Roman soldier's draught board—a slab of stone, one and three- quarters inches thick, cratched with squares—according to the excavators' report, has been found at Maumbury Rings, Dorchester. Tho headmaster of Sherborna chool declares that there are two crimes agaiust society which are resousible for 'more constant evil than any felony ot even any vice except peihnps untruthfulness and goss'p—• namely, illegible handwriting and un> punctuality. Miss Gertrude Atlierton, America's ' hrinnins and popular novelist auil Utcrarv iconoclast, I-.as just demolishd fonif of the cherished idols of Antein an interview telling why her air compatriots marrj- foreigners in preference to American men. "Engishmen, in fact all Continental men," he novelist declares, "know bettel ow to make love and how to retain. American men have none ol the ubtlety of the well-bred Englishman, one of his finesse, or his charm of onversation and manner. If I were o marry—T shall not, for my profesion makes my habits and home not ermanent—it should be an Englishan. He is far and away, the most' nteresting type ot the genius ot ome." VThen a young man named Schumpf * as jilted at Munich recently he unuccessfully attempted to commit suiide by shooting, hanging, and drowning himself, and by jumping from an express train. He was killed on the 2nd ult. hy slipping as he was entering a tramcar. At a recent trial ot .broadsides Sired by Germany's new Dreadnought !Tas-. san, the reverberation was so strong that it produced landslips on the Danish-Mecklenburg coasts, 25 miles -distant, and caused window panes, at Warnemutide to rattle as though an earthquake was taking place. Sir William Mather, head of" tho ,1 engineering firm of Mather and Piatt.,! ot Salford (England), has placed,! £10,000 In trust, with a direction tjjat the income arising from it sliali.'^be, distributed annually among the.finn'B;| work-people, on the occasion if thelr j annual holiday. A girl aged 19, who was llvlngln > j room alone at Bordeaux,. has been f turned to death in strange circumstances. She is alleged to have '.re-j solved to commit suicide, and-Bot'| up in the middle of the night to eptll j a bottle full of petrol over her clothca.] When they were Well saturated^ set Arc to them with a match, aud "inl a -moment she was ablaze from hendl to Coot. She then rushed to the 'doorl and ran screaming into the street;! where she fell down and writhed "ici .terrible pain. An engineer who . penod to be there quickly put out ,: fames. The girl was taken to 1 Jiital, where ghe soon died 