CABLE NEWS. . ? ▲ ? ? The Seddon memorial has been unveiled in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. The Press Bill, aimed at the seditious Indian native press, has been passed. Captain Bartlett will command . tho United States expedition to the Antarctic next year. N.S.W. is issuing a loan of £2,750,000, bearing interest at the rate of 3% per cent., at £97. ' The B.S. A. Company has received an order for a large consignment of rifles for Australian cadets. The Chinese have decided to boycott San Francisco owing to the ill-treatment of Orientals at the immigrant station. The football matches, Rugby and Asso ciation, between England and Ireland, resulted in a draw in. each case. The steamer Lima lias .been wrecked in the Straits of Magellan and 50 people drowned., Osborne -Naval College, has been closed, as 200 out of 500 cadets have been stricken with influenza and' some' with pneumonia. Four years' imprisonment has been the 1 reward^ of M. Lagovsky, a Russian police inspector, who concocted imaginary mur derous plots to secure, proniotion. British Labor Conference has 'resolved that :iiriions should be allowed to . engage in political action 'provided it. is specified in the;ir rules as one of their objects. The Cxav, it is said,- is furious because his 'brother, the Grand Duke Michael, has married a lady wlfo - has ' ?bfeen. thrice, divorbed. ' ... ' Tlie National Sugar Refining Company of U.S. has paid '£120,800/ making aj total of £700,000 in settlement of the New* York duties on unweighed imports. ; Tlie Immigration Committee of the', U.S. House of Representatives unanimously favors the bill for the exclusion of Japan ese, from the United. States. . ; Over 7000 applications have been received by Capt.- Scott, leader of the British expe dition for the South Pole, for positions to aebbmpany the expedition. i Dr. Charcot' has 'discovered- new*' land west and south of Alexander I. Land. He^reached 70 deg.. south latitude artd 120 degi. west long., ......... 1 \- A Jack ;tlie Ripper has been terrorising the ' inhabitants of a 'suburb of Paris'? Six men and boys have been murderously at tacked, the man using a big knife. ? Celebrating ma.ss, a priest * at ' Villa. - Franca Italy, fell dead at the altar steps. TH§; sacramental ' cup' had bben 'poisoned with sulphuric acid. ; ? « Taverner, Agent-General ' for Victoria, ha&iselected; 12 respectable slibp boys and factory hands for a; year's training-, on Victorian farms: They will sail by the Miltiades. ,- ' ?« Intensely cold weather in New -;Ybrk caused thet dea.tlis,p.f; eight rpeople; on-3 day last week, and scores have been revived in' hospitals suffering- from _ exhaustion and frost bite.:; _? v V ' The'Danish' Govern'ment has issued to t-he newspapers a notice dissuading emi grants leaving for 'Australia or New Zea land, as difficulties of subsistence there' have increased. .- ? Dr. Lasker retains the chess champion ship of the world, .the match between Lasker and Herr Schlechter resulting in a tie, each winning one game and eight games being drawn. v - Socialists made a demonstration'' at Breslau, Prussia, because the Franchise Bill does . not give a wider franchise. The police dispersed them, wounding tnany people with sabres. ' ^ ? r- T The U.S. Senate lias appointed a com mittee of seven to investigate the high cost of living; it is:., expected that, the . House .of,' Representatives will: conduct -.an independent inquiry. . r Turkey has : appealed to Great Britain for. an Admiral 'to take charge of* the Turkish Navy/ owing to the resignation of Admiral Gamble, a British admiral who previously controlled it. /The jury has found that- Colonel Thomas Swope, millionaire, was poisoned by strychnine in cansules administered by Dr. 1-Iyde, but whether with felonious in tent the jury was unable to sa,y. Dr.. Charcot, who set out in August, 1908, on an expedition of exploration to the Antarctic, has been spoken in Magel lan Straits, South America. He refused information regarding 'hip expedition. ' Porters carried .with care a box. into the Palace at Constantinople where the Turkish Parliament is sitting-. ;S.uspicious police opened it, ~and found at to contain nitro- glycerine, vitriol, and dynamite. The Board ,of Trade inquiry into the loss o.f the, Waratah will not be held for some time, as the inquiry, is to be -most exhaustive/ and evidence- will have to be obtained from Australia and South Africa. The United States' is Claiming that. New York is the leading seaport in the world. According to statistics the shipping /ton nage entering N6w York 'Harbor in 1908 registered 12,154,-780- tons/ having more ^han^doubled in . ten., years, ?* ' ' The French mailboat* General Chanzy foundered off the cbast' of Minorca, Medi terranean'' Sea, .and of S7',p'assenge'rs and 47 of a crew, only one was saved. In mountainous seas, an inrush of water ex ploded the boiler and burst the ship. : ; The whaling schooner Ulva sighted a large two-funnelled - steamer under sail on Nov. 23, in a 'snowstorm, 600; miles west of the Crozet Islands. ..The Waratah has one funnel, but no two- furine'lled 'steamer is missing. / ^ Thos. W. Crosland, author of the ' Un speakable. Scot' and other satirical vol umes, is being prosecuted on a/ charge ot publishing' -in' tlie Academy ''a ^criminal libel ? concerning] the Hon. F. W. '.Manners - Suttonr Crosland was' sub-editor of the journal.. .- ?- ' '-'.-1. ' ? Sdme- of the ..British miners;] are - dissat isfied with - tfie: advice, given 'IjyvM.^- Burt, M.P., regarding- the Eight' Hours' .&'ct, and he -.has been asked to resign the 'secretary- ship of the Northumberland Miners' Mu tual' Provident Association,': a* position he has held for 45 -years. 