"AUSTRALIA.' PLEA FOR PATRIOTIC SENTIMENT. ORDER OF THE WATTLE BLOSSOM. Mr. W. J. Sowden, at the annual dinner of the Commercial Travellers and Ware housemen's Association on Saturday even ing. had charge of the" principal sentiment, the toast of ''Australia." He said he had the task of completing the trilogy on "Australia" begun at an annual meeting pf the association two years ago by Sir John Gordon, and continued last year by the Kev. Dr. Bevan, Sir Jphn Gor don was a man of the law —and inciden tally, he supposed, of the ■ profits. (Laughter,) Dr. Bevan was a man of the .church, and he (the speaker) had been selected as a more sophisticated man of the pen and of business to fill up the framework the tvro others had put to gether. —The Mayoral Mission.— He thought it best to begin his remarks by a reference to their popular and versatile Mayor "(Mr. Cohen), whose omission to secure the LordAlay orally he would regret much more than he did if that gentleman had not by his municipal achievements been worth a double Lord Mayoralty. (Ap^ plause.) Hs presumed, however, that the real reason why the Colonial Secretary had not conferred the title which Adelaide so richly deserved was the feeling—and it was their consolation—that the City of Culture —(laughter)—the beautiful Queen City of the South—(applause)—needed no Imperial embellishments to make it as respectable as the other cities. (Applause.) ' It was al ready more noteworthy than they, just as Mr. Cohen was more noteworthy than even Dick Whittington, to whom the Bow Bells cried ''Turn again, Whittington, thrice Lord Mayor of London." Mr. Cohen held, he believed, a record in the history of pie metropolis of having been not only thrice, but seven times, Mayor. (Applause.) And , after all the philosophical consolation in connection with titular honours was that such distinctions were rarely given to men until they had become so distinguished as not to require them. (Laughter.) —Titles Generally.— He meutioned that matter first because the general question of titles had a bear ing upon the subject under consideration. Now that the highest attainable Imperial honour had been taken—and be thought quite rightly taken—by the arch chief of democracy—(laughter)—no thoughtful Aus. tralian would reproach him for his action, but many would thank liim for not having, like Sir Joseph Ward (the Prime Minister of New Zealand), accepted an hereditary . title. (Applause.) 'As a nalive of Aus tralia he would lay it down as an axiom that Australians would not be satisfied with the bestowal of hereditary distinc tions. He was aware that such a title had already been conferred in this State, but that exception was one of quite a special character. It was held by a gentleman who had on repeated occasions represented the Imperial Government as viceregent, and who shed lustre upon bis distinction as a great man should, and whose appointment involved no subsequent complications. (Applause.) But if there had not been bo many loose and worthless baronets in Australia, Imperial titles would not have been so much discredited. Most of them bad met British baronets as bullock drivers or diggers, and on one occasion at least he had known one to be a bootblack—and very fair bootblack, too. (Laughter.) But the principle of hereditary distinctions was essentially wrong and mischievous. A son had no more right to be titularly dis tinguished because of his father's eminent deeds than to be hanged, because his father had committed murder.' It was bad enough that in accordance with a mysterious law of Nature a grandson had the gout while the grandfather had the fun—(laughter)— but 'they need not perpetuate such disabili ties." Yet titles had a proper and important place in the national economy, although such patents of aristocracy had been al most as much abused as "the grand old name of gentleman." Only shaLIow-minded Australians could fail to see~ in judiciously bestowed titles a real bond of Empire— a direct recognition by the Throne of the principle that good patriotic work in one part of the Empire was good patriotic work for every part of the Empire. (Hear, hear.) Now it was an extraordinary ana anomalous thing that in the three or four generations which had run their course in Australian history no distinction had been even proposed for the honouring of non political service. Every recognition went to the politician, —A Suggested New Order.— He would therefore suggest the introduction of an Australian Order of the Wattle Blos som for non-political services. (Applause.) Australia needed more demonstrations of sentiment. In all these years it had not evolved a generally recognised national song, or until lately a generally recognised national floral emblem, or in (South' Aus tralia, for instance, a really symbolical State flag. Even the South Australian flag they baa was limited to a' Parliamentary symbol—that of a magpie with its. mouth wide open, ready to make a speech. (Laugh ter.) In those points he wished to convey a suggestion to the conductors of that very tine -production issued under the auspices of the Commercial Travellerst-Assoeiation, Australia To-day, which had done so much for immigration, that it might offer a prize to suit the circumstances. (Hear, hear.) It was pleasant, however, to recall that lie had been associated last year with their honoured friend, Air. Archibald Mackie, the Napoleon of organizers—(applause)—in popularizing the wattle blossom as their national floral emblem; and a letter which he had received on the previous day showed (hat Yietoiia was following their example. Air. Mackie had inaugurated last year a new custom, in this State by adorning with, wattle blossom the beautiful banquet tables of the association. (Applause) That wias not a sentimental action any more than a kiss was merely the touching of two pairs of lips in collision. (Laughter.) It was a practical demonstration of country love and country pride. (Applause.) —Wattle Blossom Day — September 1 had now been definitely selected as Wattle Blossom Day throughout Australia, and on that day last year at least 10,000 people had in South Australia worn the little blossom in token of pride of their country. The Wattle Day League in Adelaide had last month sent to the High Commissioner in London—that great Australian. Sir George Reid—(applause)— sprays of blossom to be worn on Septem ber 1, not onlv by himself, but by all the Agents-General, and possibly even in Buckingham Palace itself. (Applause.) The Commercial Travellers had done much last year, and no doubt would do much again, to spread the gospel throughout the country. The great idea at the root of the celebrations was the recognition of Aus tralian productions, and Australian Manu facturers' Day should fitly be Wattle Blos som Day. (Applause.) The" first Wattle Blossom League had been originally started yeSts^ago by himself, with others, in con nection with the Australian Natives' Asso ciation. At that time it was the excep tion to find Australian food on banquet tables. And so, just as South. Australia had led in bringing federation down frpm the clouds, so it was in the advance guard in that patriotic work. (Applause.) When at that time of the year he attended ban quets at which the tables were garnished with foreign flowers, he sympathized with the annoyance felt by the late Lady Bras sey, who, when visiting Brazil, was wel comed with the gift of a bouquet, not of the gorgeous native blossoms of that country, but of bedraggled specimens of English stocks and geraniums. —Wattle in the Park Lands.— Even in Adelaide lie felt a measure of regret when, in driving English visitors around the park lauds they told him they had seen many more or less fine specimens of their own trees of England, but enquired where were the South Australian growtlis. He asked their worthy Mayor why the park lands in that auspicious month of tSeptember did not present one magnificent blaze of golden blnfsom, which would be talked of all over aAwflralia, and would vie in beauty with the cherry blossoms in Japan in April-, and the maple about that time of year in Ca nada. (Applause.) Apart from its esthe tic beauty, it would provide a great object lesson. They had killed many things; they should at least preserve their plauts. (Applause.^ The colonizing Briton was a destructive animal. (Laughter.) In Australia he killed the kangarqps and im ported foxes. He slew the smaller mar supials aud the wonderful platypus, which would be worth its weight in gold before long, and introduced rabbits, sparrows, and starlings, and remittance men. (Laughter.) So with trees. They suthlessly destroyed gums—some of which" were the tallest trees in the world—while other countries impor ted millions of them; and wattle blossom from. South Australia flourished in the South of France and in many other parts of the globe, although little or none, compara tively speaking, could be seen in the city which was its native habitat. It was ao impressive tlwmrht that as Australia araw older the conditions had changed substan tially, so that apart from the opportunities the Zoo offered, few Australian children had ever seen a kangaroo, which might al most as well be as extinct as the diproto don that once roamed the plains of Ade laide, and the melancholy remains of which now stood in the Museum. He pleaded for a revival of a love for dis tinctive Australian things—for a recrea tion of Australian sentiment. (Applause.) —A Comprehensive Text.— The toast of "Australia" supplied no de finitive text. It was like a sermon upon the whole Ilible instead of upona verse. Therefore, he would like them to accept the golden wattle blossom as a suggestive theme. As President of the citizens' com mittee he had told the Sheffield Choir re cently that the blossom represented the golden fleece—the wool; the golden grain —the wheat; the golden sunshine—life; and the golden hearts of Australian people. (Applause.) A reverend gentleman had since bettered the simile by speaking of the golden opportunities before its people. (Ap plause.) He welcomed the addition, _ al though he did not entirely agree with it— and that in no party political sense. It would not be light at such a gathering to discuss party polities, and he was serenely content to he right "in his own politics, and sorry for those who differed from him, and were therefore wrong. (Voice—"They are bigots, sir.") Certainly. (Laughter.)' His cry was with Tennyson:— Ah, God, for a man with heart, head, hand, Whatever they call him, what care I? Aristocrat, Democrat, Autocrat—one Win- can rule and dare not lie. (Applause.) "But he sometimes wondered whether the lejii.slatiorr'of the period was not turning golden opportunities into op portunities which were not the golden, but which the silver wattle would more appro priately represent. (A voice—"No doubt about it.") However, the wajflle was ever fragrant with suggestion, and was symbolj cally and otherwise an inspiration to ambi tion. —'"Coo-ee" Instead of "Hurrah."— He ventured to. plead for an innervation— not only for an Australian bloom, but for an Australian cry—the distinctive Austra lian coo-ee. He understood that a smart Australian had copyrighted the word "coo-ee," and that it could not be used as a device without the payment of a royalty —("OhI")—but he incurred that risk while he urged iliat the tuneful and melodious "cco-ee" should be substituted now and hereafter. There was no British cheer. "Hip, hip, hurrah" was not English, nor British, but was Danish, Swedish, and Polish—and harsh and meaningless. "Coo ee" was more diverting; therefore let them adopt the Australian cry of jubilation. He asked them to give "three coo- ees" for Aus tralia. (These were lustily given). —Australia, Past, Present, and Future.— In relation to the problems of empire, the past, the present, and the future of Australia were the ' most remarkable ever recorded. ■ Australia had some of the oldest rocks and vegetation and human creatures ever known. 'It had some of the newest ideas, as well as some of the oldest fossils, and it was a curious anomaly that at one end of Education Srjuare- ^tood the Legislative Council, which evolved the new ideas, and at the other the Museum, which fontafiied the old fosails. (Laughter.) Dean Swift, in "Gulliver's Travels," had placed the Kingdom of lalli put not far from Hergott, ana in doing that he showed unconscious prescience, and wtbte far bitter tbahhe imagined.^Laugh ier.) The incoming Britons and Germans, whom-the tide pi!; jmmigratibn, bad brought intosthia coimlryjstoodln'contrast to. the original inhabitants as, the groat Gulliver ha the" little pigmies. Be dad not intend to vquote statistics, because they were out oi. placerat a banquet, particularly as he un-, meEfitood that the. words ■ *'British; .statis-. tician" formed a test of sobriety. (Laugh -ier.) But look at' the-wonder of Austra lia's achievements. Found by foreigners, the .continent was lift for British occupa tion'without the firing of a shpt or a Jrennris purchase money. Australia was jsimplv a country of potentialities—a mere unliatched egg—a lonely land of topsy turvy. A convulsion had cut it off from outside communication, and its flora" and fauna and humanity had degenerated— a fact which conveyed its own significance in relation to the need of immigration to .provide a constant stream, of fresh blood, so that the country might he kept vital and prevented from becoming potbound, so to speak. Australia.had no edible fruits or cereals or food- supplying animals. Its low-sunken people had been -half-starving, and killed their children for lack of food. They were "as bad as some civilized folk to- day, who killed their chil dren by not permitting them to.live. (Laughter.) Into this country, had come' the new civilization founded by criminals' who bad been, kicked out of the mother country -with the hope that they would be lost for ever to that country. The result could not be contemplated without a thrill i of pride. - —A Great Country.— . .—i Australia was the greatest island con tinent—the only continent that was ever known under one Government, occupied by one people, who spoke one language. (Ap plause.) It embraced one-quarter of the area of the whole British Empire. Its cir cumference was equal to the diameter of the.earth. (Applause.) And'yet if all the inhabitants' in it were placed equidistant not one would be able to hit another with a rifle shot. And within two or three day's' sail of a fast cruiser there lay a country with 600 people to the square mile, while Australia had only 11. They should never forget that if 1,000 cows-were starving in a bare paddock while 10 were waxing fat in a paddock full of feed there would |>e i fence jumping. Within the memory 1 or men still living there was not ft railway line in Australia. Now it had double lines long enough to stretch from (Sydney to London, thence through the top of Scotland and Ireland, and if they used the single rail, back again to Austra lia. Its public debt of £250,000.000 was ively the largest in the world, a relatively the largest in the world, and its assets were the largest, too. Of that public debt three-fifths had been spent on rail ways, and not a penny upon powder sinoI« in war. Virtually all its huge debt was paying fairly satisfactory interest. Austra lia's savings bank depositors were propor tionately the most numerous and the richest On the face of the globe—which might be a bad sign of individual enterprise, but was a good indication of thrift. If the Australian was the most trusted man in the world he was the safest mian to trust. (Applause.) Two acres of land were under cultivation for eyery soul and body in the community, and 93 acres in every 100 still remained under the control of the State. Australia was the country freest from, crime, and had -the lowest death rate. It had never been devastated by an epidemic disease, nor by a convulsion of nature, and it had no ravening ■ beasts or dan gerously noispme reptiles. Its people were the least " boastful. and —in spite of "Australia To-day"—(laugh ter)—the must modest 'and non-advertising in. the world. And most significant of all was the fact that nearly all its triumps had been won under laws which were now bitterly abused, -(Applause.) —Mist on the Mirror.— They should, however,. look at the other side, see whether there were no faults, and . grasp the enormous significance of a couplet printed among the admirably selected poetioal quotations in that evening's pro gramme:— A thousand years scarce serve to form a State As hour may lay It in the dust. What did the discerning Australian see in the future? What did even an optimistic Australian like himself see? Eigne and por tents which occasioned uneasiness. (Hear, hear.) The simple fact that Australia had sent no troops to the Coronation proces sion had been cited as one of such signs and portents, especially as it caused the Prime Minister of the great Commonwealth to occupy the inglorious position of riding among a guard of honour of Canadian troops, just as a man might borrow an other man's cab to take him to a dinner to which he had been invited. (Ap plause.) That, however was a trifle; and on the larger question it would be prema- : ture to attempt to speak dogmatically. The Australian type had not yet evolved, either j In people, or language, or literature, or art, or even in commerce. Still, the material for a preface was available. Mr. Foster Eraser had been right in his characteriza tion of the' various cities—particularly of Adelaide as the City of Culture. (Laugh ,ter.) In spite of the animadversions upon his work, he had shown keen insight, and that because he had grasped the important ethnological fact that there was a distinct difference between people where climatic influences were materially different. Thus they bad the finest—framed and ' featured women in Australia in Ade- j laide, and the weakest and most I strained looking in tropical Brisbane and ' beyond. Pursuing the main thought, how ever, 75 years ago South Australia appeared with the distinction of being the first State ever founded on a book of political economy. The world watched curiouslv for the result, and it was profitablv significant. that they now found South Australia. people.d under such special conditions, re cognised as representing the most proCTes tive thought in Australia. (Applause.) Aus tralia had led the world in the invention of the reaper, the introduction of voting by ballot, the Real Property Act, and in muni cipal Government. But it was South Aus- - tralia, the untainted province, that bad led . Australia. (Applause.) _ This was hot simply Boasting, but an indication of racial tendencies. Blood and breeding had told. —Don't Hurry the Millennium.— Australia had done well indeed, but was it doing well in trying to hurry the millennium, especially as there was a danger lest it might hurry something rise, lest it should show too much impatience, lest--it should be ever trying to pet" the bellows open to see where the wind came from. (Applause.) It was estrange in a State rounded on a book of political economy that many legislators boasted that they knew nothing whatever of political economy. A captain might just as well be proud of hav ing no knowledge of navigation. They heard talk of "unequal"opportunities" in the most democratic country in the world. In South Australia for a generation at least there had been no government by any re presentative" of aristocracy. Practically every man who held & distinguished position to-day had- risen from Jhe nanks. The romance of Mr. Price, tha Premier who lived to be tb* f chief .figure in the marble i wmcK lie liad "ait the atones, t Verran, whoin nineyearshad passedfro undergroundmmerto Chief Ministerbf'11 State—these/were romances N almost out a parallel/ ahd of which they shoi. j4>road, (tiou(i applause.) Yet the Stat : -which ban given these opportunities -' " : being defamed "for political purposes, pecially by men ..-who owed their all to jw , JHeaP, hear.) ■ What it was to. be^n^ji&Sria; l^ralianjr iyira ;the highret wages ahd^jfcA't^g; | fewest hoius in i;he wdtldl - And ■ l there was.unceasing and inm-easing between employer and employe—« friction . £ ; the consequences ; and might lead to a crisis. (Hear, hear.) 7 | lt; would be a bad *3gn an any emmnyl^Q^fr^ i a man, no matter how. good, should be re- ' - r i garded as an enemy to the conDmoB w^l .#fJ j because he happened .to. possess sona^brb I .perty, the fruits of his industry, "juiaK4t^ iplause.) That way lay the mam danger; ] of any aristocracy—the aristocwuy of" boh ! aristocracy. (Hear hear.) Among the disquieting signs of the -times were the . y-1i chafing passion for freedom from all re straint, the cppdoning of lawbreaking, if it were but done by a crowd, the lmperfed;' reverence,'the lack of discipline—a lack - j which, however, he believed .their system?-,^ of compulsory training-^however JerrilAe.'-;^ the power it might one day put into tfc hands of an unscrupulous..autocrat--would .< tend to correct, and which haw not come a moment too nogn. (Hear hear.)^ They; saw curious contradictions. Piivafeiy,' Australians' were the kindest andmost hoa'; «5 pitable and generous people known, yet politically the Federal Parliament bad done some of the most inhumane, un-Britishy" -if and un-Christian acts ever mentioned in i'® civilized history.. (Applause.) ■ The people of any community were always better;than" the laws made in their name; "but one ef-- ;r i feet ojf the passion for too many laws was that the people were gradually led to ima gine that everything not forbidden legally- Ti was lawful morally. (Applause.) Amongotber '• numerous signs was the fact that some of. ".. the best and ablest men stood quite aloof : " from politics; that the theatres and other • - places of amusement were increasing, with, increasing laxity in thdclass of entertain- ■= ment, while the influence of the churches was growing weaker and weaker. . Was the public conscience as alert as it should be? Was the desire to perform doty as great as the clamour forever augmenting privilege? Was there not a growing in sistence upon the pernicious maxim tha*' ■ Kothing is wortli in anything But so much money as 'twill tiring? ' . Were not their national and individual ideals r . ; declining? As a native- born Australian who loved his country he feared they were, and that the tendency was to grasp at the : j - shadow and lose the substance. Yet though' there were grave perils, those were only . incidental to a nation in the makings The _ period called for strong men with strfeng faith, and tliey Would come. Meanwhile the most thoughtful, though comparatively creedless, like himself, might we]l join in - the sublime aspiration of Rudyard WpliAn in the "Recessional":— V If, drunlc with Bight, of power, we loose Wild tongues that have not Thee in awe, - Such boastings as the Gentiles use, Or lesser breeds without the Law, Lord God of Horts! be with us yet, - Lest wc forget—lest we forget, ■; Australia was now at the awkward are. It would emerge triumphant and in due time grow the wiser forjfcs mistakes and v the stronger for its .trying experiences and would become one of the greatest of all the great nations of the world. With the con- - fid ent hope and belief in their land, ho called upon them to drink to Australia and honour their land with three resounding "Coo-ees." (Applause.) The invitation was unanimously accep ted, and some of the travellers present' showed that they had learned to perfection : the far-reaching and melodious call of the ; bushland. 