NEW SOUTH WALES. ':?.?;'? A cable message has been received 'by the Union Box and Packing Case , 'Co., stating that the scow Maroro left .: Havelock on the 21st inst. laden with jpine for Sydney. v ? ? It has transpired that the G.A. Co.'s steamer Magdeburg, now at Sydney, Has been chartered to load a cargo of if; : wheat on account of Messrs. J. Dar )' ling and Sons, for the U.K. or Conti ?*???? nent. .-.—.' » * ? - .??,?..- The well-known old barque Helen . . .Denny, which took a prominent part in \ the history- making of New Zealand V ' when one of the Shaw-Savill clippor \ ? immigrant ships, has been floated into V private company. Until recently she I was owned solely by Captain F. Holm, / but a private company, with a capital of £2000, has been registered. The Helen. Denny was built 45 years ago by :r. Duncan and Co., Port Glasgow. She is an iron vessel of 743 tons gross, and 686 . tons 'net. Captain F. Holm pur chased her about 10 years ago from .Mr. George M'Clatchie, of Christ Hunch, N.Z. ? ? « The barque Lorton, expected at Sydney, from London, will be to the agency of Messrs. Dalton Bros, of Syd ney, Ltd. She carries a general cargo, -part of which is for Newcastle. i . * « ? It is reported that an understanding :Iias been' arrived at between the Swe dish-South Africa line, the East Asiatic Steamship Company, Copen hagen, and the firms of Fearnsley and Eger, Christiania, and W. Wilhelmsen, Tonsberg, for the maintenance of a joint service from Scandinavian ports . 1o South Africa and Australia. On the , South African route six Danish, sis ir'^vedish, and two Norwegian steamers .are to be employed, whilst from Dur ban to Australian four Swedish and ' three Norwegian vessels will run. The ,mail steamer Aorangi, which ?broke down on her way from ' New Zealand to San Francisco, reached San Francisco five days late: She was due to leave for New Zealand the same day reaching Wellington on the 30th inst. As, however, the repairs were to take about eight days to complete, the mails I for New Zealand and Australia which ' were to have been sent by the Aorangi / were despatched by the Mariposa. The mails will be transferred at Papeete, to the Talune, due at Auckland on 6th 1 April. On Friday it was reported that the steamer Corra Lynn, owned by Messrs. Langley Brothers, had, while mooring at the jetty at Woolgoolga on Thurs day last, lost both anchors and fouled 1 her, propeller with the side line. She became helpless, and drifted, towards .the beach. When close to the shore v ^ .sail was hoisted, and the vessel manag ed to float out between the beach and the. north reef, and stood off the shore. On Saturday the vessel was seen about ?eight . miles off.' The tug Alexander, which left on Friday to search for the Corra Lynn, called off Woolgoolga on' , Saturday morning and reported no '.signs: of the vessel. She left later on to' continue the search. On Sunday a telegram was posted at the G.P.O. statins: that the Oorra Lynn had been safely towed into the Clarence River. The steamer Thyra, now \'at Sydney discharging baltic, has been chartered ' , ' by Messrs. Davies and Fehon; Ltd., to load a cargo of East Greta coal at ^ Newcastle, through Messrs. Earp Bros. .and Co.'s agency, for Acapulco. 