GEiNTElUL NEWS. LN l^FíFENCE OF THE GOVl^NMENT.; The PrcmiCT, in replying to criticisms on the motion to go into committee of supply in the House of Assembly ]ivt before midnight on Tuesday, .remarked that he didn't object to the ques- tion raised aoout th-o Government brick- works. Transactions like that ought-to be able to face the light. He had never purchased anything through Messrs. Hos- king B» Jnn«y_ fcbn'^fvB»PrT»TT"Tt vnlinU-nr^ tHj ho I was not to purchase anything from a Labor 1 man either in or out of Parliament, as he would not allow it to be said that the Labor people were making money out ot the Government. Ihe show ground land at Goodwood had been bought for the peo- ple. The University wanted more room, and the present show ground was most in- convenient. The ungodly steps were a trouble to young and old. The University was so small that Professor Brown had not 2 ft. of space to spare,in his room. The show committee had the opportunity of their lives. He did not know whether they would take it or not. The Govern- ment crould sen the land in blocks and make more money than they gave for it to build homes., Mr. Jones had bought it from Mesfws. Elder. Smith, & Co. it had been in the 'hands of someone eJse before, but he refused to have anything to do with the transaction them. It was childish, the Premier said, to -blame the Government for inviting the members of the Labor Con- ference to the Produce Depot. It was Btrange bow soon some people got back to the nursery. In 1908 tie Price- Peake Go- vernment invited the membeire of the Labor Conference to the Outer* harbor and the Produce Depot, and he did not blame them for it. He was walling to show the insti- tutions to any organisation. "I didn't know there was a standing invitation," said Mr. Homburg, and the Premier replied, "Let it be known now." He added that he would bear the Liberal Union in-mind next year, as it was the kindest thing to help organisations of that kind and to show them what the Government liad got. There was an honest ring of Conservatism, he de claree!, about Mr. Homburg, who was just as solid in his principles as any Labor man. but he hail round his coat tails a lot of things which were _ weighting him down and keeping hirii from rising. "Not at all," replied Air. Homburg, and Mr. Verran said. "Oh, yes, I know- the difference be- tween a smooth dog and a rough one." The Premien* then went bn to assert that. Mr. Peake had sacrificed his political principles. "Nonsense!" cried Mr. Pflaum, and Mr. Verran demanded, "Did you ever talk any- thing else?" He said Mr. Pflaum had got into Parliament hy the help of the Labor Party. "I helped them, too," repli »d Mr. Pflaum, and Mr. Verran continued that the Iron, member and his friends had tried to poison the Govenjment with political arsenic and strychnine. "Th» Hon. John Warren, consistent honest old man, has no more time for 'them," Mr. Verran re- marked, "than he has for me." Mr. Horn- j burg interjected, "That is 'not saying much;.'' The Premier prophesied that there would be a "Holy row" when the Liberals carne to fix up their policy for the elt-cHein. In response to a question he repli, d. We will look after the franchise. We cannot tell all our secrets." All the country, lie went on. was sat;sfie?d with the Lubor Ad- ministration, but Mr. cake had now no coat to reverse. Mr. Pflaum would meet the fats that befel Hainan. ^fr. Peake would lead him to the halter. "Speak the truth," said Mr. Pflaum, and Mr. Verran ( replied that he was nurtured in truth by a soft hand, and it was as ea«?y for him tri speak the' truth as to breathe. "You ar^ too cn'od to live." said Mr. Homburg, and the Premier said, "Oh, no. I have sill work to do." Mr. Homburg added. "It i». worth 5/ to listen to you." Then at 12.'.'7 a m. Mr. Verran sat down, the House went into com ntittîe», and Mr. Coombe bfgarf his sp»ech on the Budget with a condemnation of t'.e idiotic system of all-night sittings to discuss important questions of finance. FvOYAL COMMISSIONS AND SELECT COMMITTEES. The many Royal Commissions and Sele»ct Committt.es. at "present in existence have made arrangements for Quite a number of meetings during this week. The two Com- mittees, one of the'House of .Assembly and the other of the Legislative Council, en- quiring into the working of the Govern- ment Iceworks took evidence on Monday evening, and on the afternoon of the same day tlie Select Committee on the Abattoirs Bill .examined twe/representative.butchers.» On Tuesday two meetings of the Education Commission were held, one to deal with the question of the -University having power to tîonfer degrees in engineering, and I another to make arrangements for begin- ning the enquiry under the enlarged Com mi sion which applies Co alj branches of education. This Commission will meet | again to-morrow morning, when Mr. E. Jordan, M.A., Inspector of Schools, will be examined. This morning the Royal Commission on the Adelaide Higher Levels Water Supply will proceed to Coro- mandel Valley to take the evidence of persons who are objecting to certain springs at Upper Sturt being utilised for the supply of Blackwood, Belair, and Eden Hills, and at 11 o'clock the Eyre Peninsu'a Commission will examine Mr. H Teesdale Smith on the question of railway construction in Eyre Peninsula. To- morrow morning the House of Assembly Committee on the Iceworks will meet at 11.15 o'clock, and on Friday morning the Abattoirs Committee will take evidence frçim the secretary and general manager of the Abattoirs Board. On Friday afternoon tlie Wharfs Commission will meet to con- sider its report, and on Monday morning the Abattoirs Committee will visit the works at Dry Creek. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE GAMBLING E/IL. The officers of the Anti-Gambling League, whose annual meeting will be held to-night in the Victoria Hall, are concerned regard- ing the attitude of the Government with regard to various aspects of the gambling evil. As candidates for Parliament the answers of the members of tbe Verran Government were generally favorable to the position of the league. The oiKcexs. of tlie league have during several years pre» ed for a Royal Commission to enquire into the character and extent of the evil, and to suggest means for it-> mitigation. They protest also against the distribution of the fractious to charities by the _ hands ' of racing club sec- retaries, and against compelling citizens to remain "partners in the proceeds of gambling" iii the shape of per- centages on the totalizator receipts, which many regard as tainted money. A pro- posal to use part of these proceeîds for the purpose of, horsebreeding led to à strong protest against earmarking s-ueh money for any special State purpose. ? The league has urged the .Government to decline to en- dorse Professor Lowrie's suggestion in this direction. The speakers to-night, in addi- tion to Profes or Darnley Naylor, who will preside, are the Rev. I*'rank Lade, M.A., whose topic is "Tasmanian Tattersalls," and the Hons. J. P. Wilson, M.L.C. (Minister of,Agriculture), and T. Pascoe, M.L.C. Special lantern ?views will be shown, illustrating the effects of gambling on individual arid national life. DIÍLTGHTFUL \VEATHEE. On Tuesday fine and pleasant weather prevailed over*the metropolitan area, the temperature ranging from a minimum of .45.8 dcg. to a maximum of (55.1 dcg. A* a,large anti-cyclone now covers the* whole of the sub-tropical portions oí Western Australia and this State the Government Astronomer exnects that unde»x its in flucnce fine weather will continue over South Auscralia, with winds tending south cast and east. A new "low" is noted ap proichinc the nt)rth-w»est cornea- of the continent. THE LIMITATIONS OF THE SEISMOGRAPH. A lady resident at North Adelaide tele- phoned to the Observatory on Tuesday night stating that she had felt an earth- quake at 9.30 p.m., which made the win- dows rattle and produced a rumbling sound. A message was also received from the post- mistress at Hahndorf in almost identical terms. The tremor in this case lasted about two seconds. The Government Astronomer was asked if he had consulted the seismo- graph for confirmation of the messages, and Mr. Dodwell's reply was a rather surprising one. He said it would be no use doing so, because the instrument would not record tremors within 500 miles of Adelaide. It would record with absolute fidelity the quiverings of the earth in distant parts of the globe—one shock in Russian Tartary had set ithe pendulum swinging some time ago—but it would not take any notice of vibrations in North Adelaide. PREVT-5NTI0N OF ASTATIC DTSE.1SES. . The Danish Minister for Foreign Affairs has informed the Consul at Adelaide, Mr. W. T. Stacy, that Denmark having de> lared ;ts intention to join the International Con- vention whicüi deals with regulations and . measures for the prevention of Asiatic cholera, plague, and yellow fever, a new Dani'h quarantine law has been passed and gigned by King Frederick. SQUmCHTNG THE MARINE BOARD. At the meeting of the Marine Board held . on September 14 the president (Mr. Arthur Searcy) said the board were familiar with the by-law which had_ been drafted with the intention of cancelling the present regu- lations for the collection of light dues and fixing new port dues. The Government had approved of it. and he favored it. The Government had aíkejd the board to facili- tate its passage. Warden New moved, as ' an amendment to the by-law. the addition of the words. "Provided that the amount of any light dues imposed upon ships here- , «_iec __. ¿he JEedeial (¡»araiuaen. shall bo I deducted from the port dires payable undci the by-law." The amendment was not se- conded. Warden liaggait moved that the matter be postponed until definite informa- tion was receivisd with regard to tile inten- tion of the Eeiteral Government. The Pre sidtmt said it would be unfair to postpone the by-law, which, on being put to the vote, was defeîated by live votes to two. The president directed the secretary to in form the Premier that the öoard was un- able to meet his wislies. The sequel te this action appeared in the "Government Gazette" last week, when the following regulation, made by the Governor in Coun- cil on September 27, was gazetted:-"1. The d*uties as to the management and superintendence of all matter» relating to ports heretofore imposed upon the Marine Board are hereby transferred to the de- partment of .tlie Controller of Harbors. 2. The duties as to the establishment .of light, jetty, tonnage, mooring, and other dues heietofoie imposed upon the Marine Board are hereby transferred to the department of the Controller oí Harbors." The Con- troller erf Harbors is Mr. Searcy, who is also president of the Marine Board. He has therefore now icen given power to act by himself in respect to the fixing Of new port dues. THE POINT MeLEAY MISSION. The Aborigines' Friends' Association has held several meetings lately, and has tho- roughly considered the question _ of the future of the mission station at Point Mc Leay. Plans have been formulated for bringing the mission up to a standard of greater efficiency, in order to'meet pre sent-eihy needs and requirements, and the committee is calling for applications for the respective positions of superintending missdoner and farm manager. The commu- tée considers that there are years of work jet to be done on the s--hores of Lake Alex nnilrina, as well as in other parts of the State, and it hopes to take into its pupview the conditions of the aborigines generally 'with a view to their moral and spiritual betterment. The committee further hopes to secure the sympathy and co-operation of the Government -_ in order to ensure the settlement of natives on the land, a.i well as to give half-ca«"te boys and girls an opportunity of openings in service to en- able thom to earn their own living, and become useful citizens. BOWDEN KTN^CTGARTEN. Mothers of children n'te-ndinir the thr-'e free kindergarten schools iri Adelaide visited the Bovv den "Kindergai te n . on Tuesday »f ternoon and snent a plensnnt tim» with the mothers of childr-n attending the lr-cal kin- dergarten. Miss Donnell welcomed the Visi- tors, nnd she and Miss Lilian De Lissa dî livered short addresses. . » '? " NOT ALLOWED TO SMOKE. Are the la-borers working on the railway line from Adelaide to Gawler to,have per- mission to smoke while at work: i'iie Premier has, promised to give atí answer to this question to the acting secretary of the L_.li this morning. One of tue men on the job was dismj&-ed for smoking,'and a second one was -told that if he continued he would have to leave. Mr. A. li.. Wallace, who speaks on behaii of the tinton, said the men undereftoe)d the Pre- mier had already given them penrJ-non te, smoke. THE Y.M.C.A. AND BILLIAR I A great many members of religi .nominations have a strong objectior hards, because they regard it as a which is bound to be associated wit sirable habitsin one form or anothei cannot or wr'd not al ow themselve persuaded that billiards ia an innoct fascinating amusement in which ti the brain, and the muscles are exere the advantage of the playsr. Yet various organisations which act as to the churches were prejudiced agai game for the same reasons, but a d: view b nowadays taken of the gam no large institution of the kind i sidered fully equipped unless it has hard table for the entertainment members. Tlie Y.M.C.A. board beliei billiards is calculated to do. far mor than harm if it is not played for i About two years ago a full sized tab installed at tlie noms of the instil and it has proved such, a success in way that the board have purchase more. The large "room on the""seconi east of the mam hall, which used to cupied by the boys' department, has renovated., and'' the three tables are erected in it. An effort will be m« have the opening ceremony perform Friday or Saturday, and the expenei the last two years justifies the b.diei the three tables will be.constantly in ABOUT IMMIGRANTS. Thirty-three men. women, and child 21 of them being artisans and farm ha arrived by the Otway on Saturday. nearly all the men are already in P"s with which they are satisfied. These : grants came out under the auspices c Inimigiation League, and Mr. G. H. kett, the secretary, speaks highly of 1 The" league has been in existence a over 17 months, during which time ove men, women, and children have brought to South Australia, the .adults ing been careful!"" selected by the office thi' central body in London. Thi oflick the league have been much gratified t>; way in which the whole of the immigi have made the repayments requirct them. The conditions -under which league assists people to probure pa--' provide that nothing shall be expeated them until they havj been in the Stat months, after which, if they are in a tion to do so. they repay the mon¿y b; stalmcnts. There is no absolute undei ing to do this, although all the immigr have regarded it as an honorable ut standing that they shall do so. und a i ber of the men have been so pleased ' their good fortuhc here that they. 1 begun their repayments a few we.-ks s landing. The sum actually received by league in instalments is over £700. ariart from that, a considerable amount been forwarded direct to the Loudon o of the league. These fact« indicate character oí the immigrants brought out the league. Good work is bring done Svdney, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Perth the local branches of the league, which introducing immigrants at regular interv anart Irom tlie Government schemes. Sydney Mr. V. J. Murray, who is a leac trades unionist, has been on the len committee since its inception, and v', the secretary (Mr. H. E. Easton) was England recently Mr. Murray acted as f rctary. Mr. Murray has frequently presea his entire satisfaction wi;h doss of immigrant sent out by the leal and the method of selection adopted by I London body. IMPROVEMENTS AT* THE GENERi POST-OFFICE. Alterations have been made in the i rangemients of the letter and other i ccivers in the hall of the General Po; Office which will, after the public ha become accustomed to the change, great facilitate the work of the sortira, ai possibly make it convenient to make ti closing of the mails for different parts the State and Commonwealth alight later. In past years it has been tlie pra tice of the department to receive all nu matter for the other States through oi large slide leading to a basket in the sor ing-room, the result being that the "who consignment had to be sorted out in! parcels for the different States. Under ti new scheme the posting window has bee remodelled, and there is a separate slid for each State for letters and newspaper English and foreign matter being siunlarl treated. On the other side ot the ha where three sets of slides used to do set vice for the city, suburban, and inlan mails there are now smaller receptacle for the city' and suburbs, the countrj Broken Hill, and for late fee matter. Th new boxes have been m use a few day but a good deal of carelessness has beei manifested by office boys who have beei entrusted with parcels of letters to b Î)osted, as they have heaped the wholi ot into one box instead of sorting then into the proper boxes. It will be seer that care will need to be exercised in the Î)osting of letters. For instance, if a care ess messenger places important letters addressed to Melbourne in the English box or misplaces others in a similar way, there wilhbe a probability of the mail bein-; missed if the posting should be done nea: the closing time. Employers should there- fore instruct their office boys to be careful about dropping all letters in the shde the communications are intended to be placed in in order to catch the next mau. FLRST-CLASS Cl^TIFICATE GRANTED. Mr. Commissioner Russell trranted a first class certificate to William James Grant in the Insolvency Court on Tuesday mornine. It is rarely that such an award '1 """ad*1- Mr. Commissioner Russell stated afterwards that he had uranted very tew The insolvent is a pain'ter. of Nor- wood. Mr. Russell at first intimated that he would nve a second-class certificate, as "e considered Grant should have been able to nay something off his doctor's bill Mr. C. T. Watkins, on behalf of the j ?naorvpnt, explained that he was quite un- able to do so. There was no reason why atirst-class certificate should not be given. I vn« of Giant's """-""ma for d/vU^ng _]_. j seiT insolvent had been his inability to V*J i the amount of the verdict, £10, m an as- sault case at Christmas time. In an ! other action, heard at the same time. judg. ment had been niven in Grant's favor to 1 the extent of £111. but he had been un. ¡ able to collect a nennv of that amount. ! Oliver, the onpo^inc creditor, to whom ha j owed the £10, had been offered £5 on ac , count, hut had refused to take less than i the full amount. Like Shvlock, he haï demanded his round of flesh, and had "per secuted"' Grant until he had become insol- vent. His bankbook showed that he bad been a thrifty young man. The granting of a first-clas« certificate implies that tha ccurt i« satisfied that the insolvency ' was unavoidable, and discharges the insolvent from all provable debts. TENDERS FOR RAILWAY WORKS. The Railways Commissioner on Tuesditf received five tenders (including the ona from the Chief Engineer for* Railways) for the construe! ion of the Tailem Bend to BroTn'"' Well rail war. The lowest offer m»eivcd was that of Mr. Joseph Timms for the sum of £89.140 11/7. Three tender* were 9ent in for tire excavation work in con- nection with the deviation of the south lina and the construction of an overway bridge, platforms. cVc. at Keswick. The lowest was that of MCÜT*. F. A. MeCarty & Co., for the iiim of £22,-143 15/ (scheme "A") or £22,498 15/ (scheme "B"). "WE ONLY GOT MARRIED THIS MORNING." Newly-wedded couples, after having been kissed and cried over by anxious parent«, and chaffed and wished good luck by other relations preparatory to departing for their honevmoon, are often subjected to practical jokes. A sight seen in the citjj between 3 and 4 o'clock yesterday after- noon amused many passers-by. Seated ia a cab, blissfully oblivious of the joke that had been played upon them, and wonder» ing why tney" were the "cynosure of neigh« boring eves," were a blushing bride and ' her handsome groom. On the side of the vehicle was a noatlv-printed placard bear- ing these words:-We only got married this morning!" ' ,THiE MOONTA «TIGER." For a considerable tiaae past tracks of *.> large animal have been seen near a bock road leading into Port Hughes, l'hcy wera much too large for those of a dog. Oa Friday Mr. Cadd, of Milne-terra1*«, whila carting a load of wheat from his farmi at Fi parra, affirmed that he saw what he'bo lieved to be a tiger creeping along in ? a wheat paddock in the locality known aj "Johnnie Fortnight's." His wife was with him; and al°o c**w the annual, which waa only 30 yards from thom. Mr. 'Cadd ia determined not to venture in the locality agi in 'without a rille (writes the local paper). line animal, whatever it is, ia believed by many to be the same as that «con by Mr. Smrth and son some thne since at Warurton. The matter has .been r»» » ported to the police. THE GX>VEPjmElNT GEGIÇGIST. The Treasurer (Hon. C. vaughan) stated ' on Tuesday that the applications Which had been wnt in for the position of^'lovcr» \ uivnt Gc'logiit would be submitted to,tha ' Unhersir/ authorities, who would be asked to advise the Government in the matter of . the' appointment. It was hop»ed that a decision would be arrived' at early next week. Mr. Vaughan .said there wa-3 a splendid kit of applicants from most of the States, and some of the best qualified mea in Australia were named in the list, "We hope when the new officer is selected." bs continmd, "to have a proper geographical t-nrvey of the whole Stati made. Geological parties will be equipped for the purport.^ as is done in Victoria. We «re now en- gaged in gathering marble* and other '©r r.umtntaj stones from all parts »f :hî Stat« with a view to laving a collection. A LETTER STisPERANTO. In view of, the forthcoming EsperantoCot»» I gress in Addaide interest attaches to a let. . ter from Dr. ' Znmcnhof. inventor of the language 25 years aso. dated from War* t-aw, on September 5, 1D11, to Mr. J. Lyall, ' | ¿ecretarv of the congress. The letter, which, is a gi-e''t;niï to Australian EsDerant^ite, ' j featis:-"Al la Australian kangreso*- espo |rnntistn, mi sendas mian koran, salutoa < kaj de/.iron de plcj bona sukecso. Mi es- peras kc la konereso forte pasos antauea nian aferon en la ronlproksima sed progrès. % «erna parto de la mondo." Mr. Lyall kindly furnished the English rendering:-"To {ha Australian Congress of Esperantista I send my hearty greeting, and wish for best ano» cess. I hopes' that the congress will strongly; he*lo forward our cause in that distant, bat progressive, part of the world," - -- THE SUPREME CXJTJRT. In reply to a question from Mr. Ryan, , in the House of Assembly on Tuesday, tha Attorney-General (Hon. W. J. Denny) btnted that it was not nt present intended to bring in a Bill authorising the appoint- ment of fourth Supreme Court judge. If the Industrial Arbitration Bill were passed this year, and if the .additional worfi thrown on the judges rendered ii desirable, the Government might take the necessarj] - ster« to allow of a fourth, judge being ap- pointed. THE ADELAIDE HOSPITAL TROUBLE. Mr. Ponder, in the House of Assembly, on Tuejsdny, »vas told by the Premier (Hon. J. Verran! that he had nothing fresh te» re- port in connection with the Adelaide Hos- pital trouble. He believed that the Hpv pital Board would next day reach finality! in respect to the action they would adopt in the matter. In the Legislative Council Mr. Styles asked if the Government had considered the recommendations of tha Hospital Board with reference to the pre t-cnt trouble. The Chief Secretary (Hon. F. S. Walli«) replied that the matter wa« under consideration. REAL PROPERTY BILL. The long-promised measure to amend tb»J Real Property Act will be brought forward shortly. Notice in respect to its introduo» tion was given in the House of Assembly on Tuesday«. by the Attorney-GeneraJ (Hon. W. J. Denny). SNAKE IN KING WOal/IAM-STREET. An unusual sight was witnessed in King Willmm-strcet at about 11 a.m. yesterday, A brown snake, about 2 or 3 ft. lontj, issued from the 'pile of wood blocks that had been taken up from tha I road and stacked alongside the footpatb near "The Advertiser" office. Its appear, ance caused quite a stir, and from among the onlookers a man stepped ¿out and, ap- parently entertaining no fear of the reptiles, calmly Itfted it from the ground. After a little juggling he succeeded in putting it ia a bag anj earned it off. THE UNTVERSITY GRANT. At the meeting of the Education Coram» »ion on Tuesday morning the Chancellor of the University (Sir S. J. Way) said that. was the first opportunity he'had had of meeting the Commission since'the first pro- gress report had been presented to Parlia- ment. On behalf of the University, tha council, and professors, he wished to-thank the Commission and the Government for the increased grant of £4.0C0. It would be of great assistariee to the University so far as the financial part of that institution was concerned. He hoped, however, that .t did not represent finality, because tha University was an expanding institution. The increased grant would be of very great assistance to the University and the caus© of higher education. LIQUOR TRADES PICNIC. To-day the annual picnic of the various «ections of the liquor trade will take place at Long Gully, National Park. At the offic.al luncheon the following toasts * »will be submitted:-"The King/' "The Parliament," "The liquor trades," ant* "The visitors." Members of the HOUM of Assembly and Legislative Council, tha Mavor of* Adelaide, Aldermen Bonython, and Downs, and Councillor Sullivan, and other prominent citizens have accepted the conrmittvsii's imritaticm to luncheon. Tha secretary (Mr. F. B. Keogh) anticipates a record attendance, his onlv complaint being the scarcity of drags in Adelaide to accom- modate those who prefer the road to tha train. The Trade Commissione»r in London telo- , graphed on October 23 to the Government: -"Wheat market very finn, and a further advance is asked. January- February ship- ment bought at 36/71 per quarter." Members and friends of the Cornish A», fäoeaation and the Glenelg Sailing Club ara reminded to-day is the last day they can secure tickets for the picnic. / In our advertising columns Mr. 0. EL Duhst announces h» eandidatnre as « couuallor at St. Peters. The Eastern Extension Telegraph Com- pany reports that the latest telegram from Adelaide which arrived in London up to 10 a.m. on October 24 was timed 555 p.m. on the same dav. The time occupied hu transit was 1 hour 50 minutes. The United Irish League has convened a meeting of delegates from tbe -varions Catholic and Irish societies in the city and Qab Roon» this evening, to make arrange 'dents for the reception of the Irish envoy _essrs. -R. Haxleton, M.P., W A. Red mond, M_., and J. T. Donovan, who ar v expected to'arrive in Adelaide on Novcm berl3. < * An athr-eriiBenient notifies holders of - per cent. Treasury bills, amounting te r£530,000, issued by the Queensland Govern v dent, that the principal sum will bo re paid at par on January 2, 1012. It states that by- an Act passed during the present aoseion of the Parliament, the Government are authorised to raise money by the sale of Trer-stiry b"Us for the redemption of the ,»iHs maturing on January 1. The Govern ment intend to make a new issue ol (£530,000 bills bearing interest at £3 15/ per cent, per annum, repajable at par on January 1, 1922. They give holders of the i pert cent, billa presently falling due the . .Opton of taking up part or the whole ot the new issue at par as from January 1. * \ Those wishing td take advantage of this -aller must notify the Under Secretary, jBrisbaner on or before November 30. ? Professor Adam's pupils hold thor final danee to-night, 8 pjn till 1 a_. * ' The result» of the examination m con- nection with ithe Mihtary Clerical Depart « «lent held last month show that onlr two i/ South Australian candidates" were »ncccs fol. The first on the S A. list is Mr. C. Jfc T. Sorrell, who, after three months' pre- paration at Mumbil Colkge, Grote-str^et, ' Jeenred this distinction. Mr. Sortll was the only candidate presented by the college * At the State Civil1 Service e_nrination lield a fortnight, ago thc Muirden College 1 student* again acquitted themselyes with credit, having obtained first, second, th'rj, Mid 'sixth positions, with honors, on the \- 'pass-list. K.-L. Hammond came, first on , the list with crédit, and special mention for algebra; C. A. Maddern second with . credit, R. M. Simes Jtbird with credit and 1 'tW. E. A. Peck'sixth with crédit. "The " other SrJecessful .. candidates were, G. E , '"Anderson, H. Steinwedel, C. A. Groves. J. rA, Sichert, and F.'L. Rrown. All candi- dates presented by the colkge were success ' s iiiL - - _ S , i 