Bulletins. Geoi.s<\- Keid's mother-in-law died lately; ' th,f news wasn't rushed through to Lon- 5 bv cable, so during the Coronation fes- Australia's Hign Commissioner was able to go on blissfully dining to' save his country. ^ ^ ^ Havin? decided by ballot against working , tll on-unionists, the Kalgoorlie Miners' r' on CO veiling a conference of representa- . n \ ,,) other workers engaged in the local winiii- industry to further consider the tter It i s unlikely that' any drastic steps "!m be taken towards bringing things to a head before the expiry of the present industrial agreement^ in 1912. Up n,.rth the union organiser isn't an agitator anv more. It happened this way. While Tudor,' -Minister for Customs, was trying to ttle the sugar-workers' trouble, Pritchard, rreaniw for the growers, referred to Hall, oreani^er for the men, as "that agitator Hall." Presently Tudor referred to "agitator Pritchard" Then there was a bubble—he (Pritchard) was an "adviser." "Very well," said Tudor: "then for the future we had better refer to Mr. Hall as an adviser also." * * * An endeavor to solve the ancient problem of what a man shall do with bis hat in church has been made by the Rev. F. A. Adams, rector of Doddin^uist, Es^ex (Eng.). Mr. Adams hals contrived an arrangement of wire clips which can be easily fixed to the under side ' of the pew. The English "religious" press hai given the contrivance a warm wel- C °"\hile church bells peal and anthems roll The rector murmurs on the mat— If he should fail to save your soul, At least he will not wreck your hat. The Victorian Farmers' Conference, sitting at Shepparton, is squealing because the "honorable understanding" among wheatbuyers is pinching them. Vet the organisde farmers of Victoria bitterly opposed the Referenda proposals,~yhich could have made short work of horrible understandings. As a matter of fact, cocky has mote to • lose through the operations of *ru-ts and combines than anv other class of the community. Mostlv he hats sense enough to knew it too, but his hatred of the Labor party won't let him vote for its proposals. He is like the lady who refused to be rescued from drowning because the man who dived after hev wasn't wearing a necktie. * * Territorial Captain S'John Fuller was advised bv departing Governor Carmichael to make himself popular by travelling round Victoria. The novice took the advice, and since his arrival a month ago has been buzzing round like a fiy in a bottle. He has already invaded about 16 townships, setting local Mayors puffing with gratification and heavy meals. If he doesn't soon ease off, he will over-do Carmichael's stunt, and make Pirriwillock, Banjerang and Sulky Gully utterly sick of his habit of dropping in at meal times. Australia's Army of Infants has suffered its first defeat. A squad of 50 cadets was being drilled at Yarraville, when the peaceful drillground suddenly became the scene of dreadful battle. The ground was invaded by an enemy three or four strong, who opened the assault with a heavy fire of crackers. Then, noticing that the cadets were divided into sub-squads, each commanded by a youthful non-com., the enemy changed its tactics, and incited the infantry to mutiny. This failing, the invaders poured in a brisk fire of mud and metal, and soon Auistialia's army was retreating for the drill shed. The enemy opened fire on the fort; but Constable Muldoon arrived, and the hostile force was scattered. Casualties : Nil. No Victoria Crosses awarded. * * * Every day some deputation goes to some Minister to implore Government to import artisans to fill the present "dearth"; and we wait anxiously to hiear from the "Argus," or some other economic authority that this will be a dangerous interference with natural laws of supply and demand. It is up to the "Argus" tc, Kiy that the creation of such artificial conditions in the Labor market must inevitably end in confusion, loss and ruin ; but, instead, it whoops enthusiastically for this meddlesome interference by Government. Why? Is not the supply-and-demand law good sauce for the employer as well as for the employe? It must puzzle the hont> ; t and respectful reader of the "Argus" to find that, "paternal government." so hideous when it helps the working man, isMJ beautiful and desirable a thing when it comes to the aid of the boss. Tha station-master at Irrewarra (Vic.) has a good knowledge of Victorian railway necessities. Recently one of the usual playful incidents of the Victorian lines occurred—the Melbourne train made a giddy da|;h at the Cressy train, standing beside the platform on the same set of rails. The newspaper correspondent describes the scene with an excited buzz in his voice:— The station-master called to the passengers in the Cressy train to jump out, and then rushed with a flag. On came the Melbourne train. Men held their breath, and women screamed and fainted. But there was no smash, for the Melbourne train merely gave the other a slight kick in the rear. J he "Bulletin" does not even know whether the men jumped. But there is no doubt the S.M. gave good advice. "When in doubt, jump," is a sound rule for travellers in Victoria, whose railways won't be quite safe till spring-boards to jump from are placed in every car. * The John Weary Government has just discovered that, even if Freetrade England is glad enough to get rid of its "surplus" population, the Protectionist countries are ihostly quite as anxious to keep their people as Australia is to get them. In the Weary Government's case, a Vic. immigration agent in Copenhagen had booked a few young Danes —mostly farm laborer?—for pas?ages to the State, on contract terms as regards their passage money. The immigrants have been duly placed in employment, and are apparently satisfied ; but the Danish law was infringed, it seems, by the agent, who induced those young men tc sign in their own land a contract which could be enforced against them in a foreign country. Admittedly, this excellent Danish law is intended to disco.urage the emigration of Danish subjects; evidently Denmark has had previous experience of immigration agents who have lured good material away with the promises of fortunes that didn't materialise when the good materal unshipped itself at the other end. 