TARIFF REVISION. NON-POLITICAL BOARD SUGGESTED. Melbourne. May 30. A deputation of' representatives of the Associated Chambers of Manufactures presented to the Acting Prime Minister (Mr, Hughes) today the resolutions adopted at the conference in Launceston. Mr. A. Wunderlich (Sydney), president of the Associated Chambers, said the present preference to local goods based on a 15 per cent, advance was inadequate for the altered conditions of trade. They hoped the Government would be prepared: to keep work in the country by giving very substantial preference to Australian good-W The circular issued by the Controller-General val of Customs, asking for information for use in tariff revision has caused great heart burning in all sections, for it was of a son far-reaching character. It required such, information that manufacturers even if cry- ing aloud for more protection could not and would not disclose. Manufacturers, however, were prepared to go before a non-political permanent board, and give on oath verbally all the information now demanded. They urged the Government to establish a tariff board to take evidence in all the States, and assist Parliament to reach true decisions. Mr. J. M. Joshua (Victoria) presented two resolutions urging the appointment of a tariff board and tariff revision, having regard to the many anomalies existing, and its ineffectiveness as a pro- tector of Australian industries,. Manufacturers throughout Australia, he still, wished to impress on the Government the inadequacy of the tariff, he did not say, manufacturers were in a distressed condition, and required an immediate amend" ment of the tariff. That would be an obvious misstatement. Manufacturers were generally well looked after, but an important section, and a large number, were suffering because of the inadequacy and anomalies of the tariff. The Minister had taken the right step in asking for confidential information, from manufacturers, but he had gone too far. and asked questions concerning the inner nature at manufacturers' business stitch no manufactures making profits would answer in order to get more protection to increase: those profits. Air. A. McNeilage. president of the Vic torianChamher of Manufactures, urged preferential trade between self-governing portions of the Empire, and effective fiscal preference in Australia for British goods carried in British ships. MT. R. Hogarth (Tasmania) said many factories had agreed that the field of choice of immigrants should be widened to include all approved immigrants of the white, lace. Australian manufacturers should have the best skill available, and in some, lines of industry this came from German and Danish laborers. Mr. T. Hogg (Victoria) asked for the prohibition of indecent and dangerous drugs and preparations from entering the Commonwealth. Air. Hughes, in reply, said the Minister of Customs had sent out his circular so that he might obtain trustworthy information to guide him in determining whether further farm If assistance was necessary to particular industries. That information would be confidential. He was aware, that manufacturers were in a particularly prosperous condition, and if any of them were suffering it was not on account of the tariff".' He gauged from what the deputation had said that it did not want the tariff re- opened. (Hear, hear.) He was a freetrader, but since the people had shown unmistakably that they desired a tariff, it appeared to him that the thing to be done was to give them an effective tariff, so that they might have what they wanted. (Hear, hear.) The aim of the Minister of Customs had been to learn where the anomalies wert and what industries were in- adequately protected. To what feature iii the circular did the deputation take ex- ception'/ The information that was given would be treated as confidential. He could understand that they would be loth to say anything that would give their competitors) an advantage. The Controller-General of Customs had a large amount of confidential information continually passing through his hands, and no case had been ever discovered where any of it had slipped out. He could not understand the dislike of manufactures to disclose facts which were essential to enable the Minister to reach a satisfactory decision. They were ready to submit their facts to a tariff board. Why not. then, to a Minister? Mr. Joshua-The thing which is once Goimbla to most manufacturers is that they are asked to give three years' balance sheets. The circular asks us to disclose our profits, and we say it is not germane to the tariff whether we are making a hundred or a thousand per cent, profit, as long as we don't extract unfair prices from the public. Mr. Hughes You want the Legislature, to make an alteration in the law. Now, I ? submit that before you can expect that to be done you must make out your case. What we are asking for is information bearing directly on that. All that you say does not detract from the fact that you are prepared to give that information to a permanent tariff board. The question whether you are making 101) or 1,000 per cent, does concern us, because we are here to see that the public does not pay too much for goods manufactured in Australia. You ask for a preference on the Government's supplies, Surely we have a right to know whether you can make out the case for what you ask. I am not opposed to a tariff board, if it can be shown that in no other way can Parliament deal adequately with the question. There must, be somebody in any case to make the recommendations to Parliament, and we think the best way is that which the Minister of Customs has adopted. Mr. J. Hogarth-Will that information be made available to members of Parliament? Mr. Hughes said it would be available only to the Controller-General and the Minister. The policy of the Government was to encourage immigrants to come to Australia, particularly for rural industries. Artisans , would come of themselves. Mr. Fisher, who was now in England, was by his very visit, doing magnificent propaganda work. The various points submitted should have the careful consideration of the Government. 