THE PASSING SHOW. By ORIEL. One day the elephant lumbered; lie yawned and "t closed his eyes, To rest in the end of the afternoon-and he was a goodly size; So one by one the animals come each in his usual way), To bit and bridle the elephant, and master him as he Is). A solemn sheep with a gentle bleat, came up with the rest, and said, "If you'll make me leader for the nonce, I'll sit on the pair thing's Iliad." The monks') crust, with gibbering words (and his suite had a twang, ! so), "Pie putting a brand on his big black flank; he's a Liilou elephant has." a caramel desired still suallie and curb and hurried to left and right, And he batted Win, and he bridled him, and quelled 111 1 shall delight ; There were middles and seals on his neck and back, and into each seat there crept scene scurrying creature great or small and still the elephant slept. They said they will drive him back and forth wherever their flinty pleased There d The hall upoii-eiirlli wherever he trod, but the riders wouldn't be Miiieesnll dirt track In she to the whole wide world to come and enjoy the joke, An elephant herd, and armed, and trained and then the elephant yoke. With one mile heats of his flank he cleaned his skin of the Monkey Brand, The vessel dodged a stamp of his foot, the Jackals Del in a band: The present In the saddles stopped their wings, and uttered a startled call; Wu I the sheep who sat on his head was dazed by the distance he had to fall. Now this is a fable easy enough for a man for comprehend you may sit on an elephant while he sleeps, but he must take up in the end; of I never a Caucus yet could brand a Nation to Is it out, Or I -five or bit a Nation's strength, to ride on his back upon. We surely have not seen in print the state of the wireless messages which passed Mines Mr. Fisher in the Indian Ocean and Im colleagues in Australia. "Oriel" putting suffers as much as he can re the line). and trusts to them to discern he is the public messages end and the price that messages begin: In I am. Indian Ocean, to Hughes, Aus i du - Message Australian people I am sir j meet delegates other Parliaments include national powers Vote Yes and Trust i III letters. I have forgotten rest of what in ml I me to and there are many distant i i,- ,,., Im ml f beat lMtchelor twice deck I ill at- Mow is she going now in Atte- nd U'nc me what Labour Conference saying about me whether much or bill to come i liner am going away. You have been Lon .! H recently ending address good London ml .- and what is best way to handle it air-lift (. burchill -Fuller. Prince. Australia, in Fisher, Indian is an air-tight thinks yon great fire in threaten fur' thinks you gratefully") for II up in says. Things are not good. is Mills united exhibition of himself why and son and take him England all sorts scene of. a . and li appear on board ship. Many Lay him examples tons going away of course I I. am! just after its son Ian trust me I am not ambitious. Wish you pleasant i i ., not good time with King George I shall i m for gift to Miss bank drafts as re i I Di me to handle Winston I am dull In kill um rings round you best i In I i you'll sit still and say not long time \- a... -racing point. Tell Batchelor scarce in a iii Later in trouble our defence and lion ii of ion t lune'. ' spill "be to set right as is wills i!ii"i,ikc suit fellows make Hill - lines Minister. fishing both in (li rain. to Hughes, Ans again you should have- signed Acting in a Ministerial visitor, Hilaire Minister. V I almost see them, in the course of his. unit- at a strike meeting at Footscray the i i.' the week, said that the Broken Hill in. his book pride in showing si li or two ' - 1 I' am very met their death. They were put in a jet ice here, fortunately or unfor turning), a ball! of earth occurred, and their lady. a were not got out for 18 months. It t ii must Will, fight fair! Wl. limited area Take pride but young men s despite. Vu I the pain wherein he died is what shall three- exult WA,. to incur the nor can! had a grander I till I! run out but, light fair! II in Haust late. lee dumb, I far as time: who died silver did they set climb; Thus was the greater pride, (,' it is like measles strong, a ring to settle the turn; 1 and it is right or strong, It 1.1 direct line, he, dumb. f or you! I turn, the men I .. in the light be mean; I am to tour time again is a. that our hands are clean. 1 no to a meaner breed list of the jackass den, in for the ukase need if you would win, be men! The isn't a meeting of spring-it's only I will tire of the summer that goes, on in nothing that shows it's taken A thin i i the worse. The cat is asleep by the i not in sure to go out in the rain; as 'in war-time is done and the winter's 1 gun and went back to goloshes again, in. 'militia! itiiutneiieea at six-in just a as a mi.- its time; and the chilly winds him and (he slam will not depend on the says and- things as a),,. park. The I' "It in Lie is to attract, Sahara own a.-. usually lie, and) (he lineage show is '1 1 at blue t" gether shiver that sit '. 'I' value to the procession begins ''n' I. is to the altar at last: there's con i of it is in a home of your own, and could if, it' is the blast. Flirtation may doing I'm -pi m; inn! season with summer may ' 2" In the club and the rain of the J m'. . rain in the nomadic to furnish a li HI. li aping men are willing to woo: in 2min Pleasure eager to wear; so the (law ' is in um d but the beans are proclaimed, '2! Hi. hop in the slaughter mo led. <? still., in the. city engine and the free .' 1'ulw.e.rliiiod: the winter time lost "? Printed and felt, she fain would "I ' » they could. And we who love II "s still must drive domesticity forth; station I still play by deferring the day and -a. riding our winter up north. I line's a blot,, outside world to see you, . '. and the jacket, addressing the strike is li a sort' of a Woke!" the strike leader !I..|IIH I a"."I m firmer bloke," was the reply 1 but' if i i black head and knee boots ' a i n he might be going over to "us is to be? a han ester on time-payment and linen vote 'No' on the veteran "Jim him until deal with him. Heller t to him a,,. job. You 80 outside under ' d in damp (lend, so as to show that led me intend your own funeral than as a man was ushered! in, "You men '??' inn linen in public The "other day." y, '.""'V..""'"1 ' floral" .'.? 'ill 'ii runs L),. Wescombe tiIHe i,lrt..|1Pl. "t "'Hon. June afterwards potato farmers "*."""?> ' co VOTING brain advising '"'his mind to adopt 8ilt«l'JT|u warfare ,,"?,! *'.I'l'wft* 'a touch of 1),. Wet.' Saladin " ) «,",,"11, don't suppose,. "'"'w' n unit is nth ice, bill I was in '" ."'"..I it, is my liutnadiilu't put a, '"time I mi was used in lieu I. beat. it for Belong land, mine to". he," silenced! the .i«u.»l,t.n,sl 'i"" p ,,"""1 ,,,,,( , w "2"'" b) man may tumut not) up,,,,. Primulas, and pulls OIMIIKMI, ""3 p in " s'. m. just tl",u_|,( left on ,.,", play a tennis ' A,,,], ,, ",""",,, toK "left p,1( "a visitor withdrew, II" and.. It team was up and rubbed his rw 'M don't do it" quAY, "".. ,,.",,, ft we here'..' it... "is,.,',:;, all too readings to be present- "at l". am of it if, they might lose their " The Federal Minister for this Alleged Li enagement of Immigration pressed! the bell and his charge d affaires entered Have you circulated III I reat contain those pictures of partly drape 1 young women doing poses plastiques under wattle trees' ' asked the Minister Yes, sir We are arranging to post them all round the East End of London next winter, so that everyone who looks at them will not be able to think, of Australia with out a shiver ' 1 Good What is being done with those, pictures of city streets without any glass growing in them'" We've sent the last of them to Denmark so that the Danish farmers can get some idea of the luminous crops that can be raised in Collins street and Martin place I NceJlcnt But how the deuce are we going to spend the rest of the JCJO 000 ' We are milking nrrvngciiieivts to circu- late phonograph records of Mr King O. Malley H speeches among the nee cultivators of China and Japan " splendid Did you see that article in Rio ViLjiis about Mt Billson's breakfast No' Well how the devil can you expect to hold your job if you don t read the papers I want you to telegraph to the world a press an official statement to the effect that in Victoria Ministers of the Crown can t get any thing to eat before mid-day Pitch it pretty strong fix it so that the church s deduction will be Well, if Cabinet Minis- here have to do w without bare tkfaU it's heavy betting that order to) enter ns don t get any thing to eat it all ' (act the idea" ' a is, sir ' Very) well - see that it is carried out that s nil for to di), thank you ' M out] it not be in keeping with the ideas of the J miles lull minutes to form before the next ] Easter camp, a Soldiers Union Judging by recent events the claims of the military unionists might be on the following lines - No orders to be given to the men except through the recognised union delegates are battles to be fought on brilliantly after noon or Sunday, uses double pay is given in the event of an engagement being considered desirable on Ijblrt Hours Day per IIUS.1IÚI1 must be obtained from the union executive before the men leave camp lime and half to be lively for small) world after 5 p.m. "No soldier to clean his own car this work to be left to the Cleaners Litton in the event of non unionists being III the opposing until members of the union are to have the nett to say whether they will meet them VII officers to be i elected by) ballot Half an hours expect to be allowed for smoke-oh ' after two hours' light and. I hope not to insist c It more time in five mile ada) over level country five miles i try over uneven conner), unites spirit i in the said line rule is not to applied re their in which each man in plain him self I winners firm market it off - II VU VjlVl lit. in rk to Italy with a lines foreman 1 I am 11 a it is apt li 22 of the canons bachelors He 1 i I I ml stocks ? men] no harm in! it again in brilliant I Nhill, til it I lull, H It he, had signed in isut»es|iunee today s sales in trailed Mine prune IIIIMII- viliuII it died from a little li to two haugh s cub (15 TONS - Unless heavy shipments "of eligibles arrive i ill) in Ni well fortune His are likely to play in spirit that had) ing li) in East Melbourne to India He has helped to raise values PHILLIS MR will think of (going to middling his home in being laid in eNDed idea of Mill higher rate it Ghi Millie. UUNUIUO -In con»cc|Utnec of the choir are very low. II and to mouth trade is being ago of railway rolling shot but it applies I done in elderly widower. old-age pen Munns continue in front- igniting in a slight increase on Life vales. plunge for export has been Mispi'iith'tl. 