OUR LONDON LETTER. I FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT- . LONDON. 17th March.- For the pnst two or three years the "B"g N--1 i-nrtj, ,» Inch includes two or tnrcc navy leagues, a large section of the rank 'and file of the Conservative members of both Houses of Parliament (Imt not the leaders), and several of the more aggres sively Conservative newspapers and ningi- zince, has been urging the Government to float a Hundred. Million Naval Loan for the construction of an -overwhelming fleet of Dreadnoughts rind the confounding of Germany for all time. But the Government will do 110 sncli thing. Even though it has submitted this year naval estimates for a sum far beyond anything ever b:f-.re proposed for such li purpose in this or any ot'her country, it refuses' to borrow a single shilling towards naval expen llture. Its policy, like 'that of tlio Common wealth .Government, ..is that the count ly inust pay for it3 defences out of vevnue in time of peace, whatever it may have to do in time of war. ih;s was the policy reiterated in the TIoi:-;o of 'Commons last night by Air. AI'Koniiii, the First Lord of the Admiral'y. The estimates for the ensu'ng year, ho said, amounted to £44,392,(09. "There would be no borrowing," lie declared amid ringing Ministerial cheers. . That sum re presented not merely the total est'mnte.l expenditure .for 1911-12 for n-aval services, hut included .£1,300,000 intcre-t upon former loans. Thoy were pitying the'r way as thoy wont along to the last shilling. It had been suggested in varioui .quarters that -this was lhe moment when burrowing would be a useful expedient to adopt, lie need hardly say, us., tiie Alinistcr respon sible for these estimates, that it would he very -agreeable to him if he could conceal £5,000,000 or £0,000,000 behind a loan; but he should not be doing his dutv to the House if lie did not point out the inis- u, 14 ,:olicv' 'TVc have," conli u il 'Air. Al'Kcnna, "-to maintain a supreme navy, not merely for 1911-1912, but tor us ong ns the Briti-rh Empire is to n-t. A loan -is a temporary expedient, and 1 wouid never advise- this House to adopt a tem porary expedient for the purpose of supply ing a permanent need." Air. AL'Kenna did not say that in the spirit of a pedant. If there wore excep tional circumstances, as a war would be, if there were something new and .alarm ing in the situation which they might per haps not see repeated for a hundred years, he would then be -the 'last person to nay that the exceptional circumstances should not -be -met "oy an exceptional expedient. But those were tiie current estimates for the year. Though tlicy were exceptionally high, though he hoped tlicy had now reached their highest point— still they only met -the needs of the service for the year, and ought to be met therefore by the ex penditure of -the year. With this declara tion disappears the last remnant of the Big Navy party's hope of seeing the flotation of its vigorously advocated Hundred Alil- lion Loan. An Empire trade mark for British Em pire goods, a question in which the High Ooinmiesioner for Australia continues to take an active interest, was the subjeel of discussion this week at a Guildhall meeting under the auspices of the British Empire League. Lord Avebury and Lord RoUier'iuiin and the Agent-General for Tas mania were among the most conspicuous of those present, but the "letters of regret for absence" were even more interesting than u lust of those present would be, since the absentees included the Prime Alinister, Air. Balfour, Sir Edward Grey, Earl Roberts, Lord Strntlieona, Lord Tennyson, Lord Hugh Cecil, ALP., the Duke of Alontroso, the Duke of Newcastle, the Earl of On slow, nnd Colonel Seely, AI.P. (Under Sec retary for t'he Colonies). In describing this agitation for an Em pire trade mark in a previous letter, I re ferred to my experience of the enthusiasm with which the- "nmuc in Germany" legis lation was hailed a quarter of a century ago, and the unforeseen and regrettable re sults it had produced in practical opera tion. Oddly enough, at this meeting this matter was referred to in similar terms by the chairman (Lord Avebiiry). He said that the Merchandise Marks Act was one of those acts which had had exactly the opposite result from that which was antici pated, and lie was afraid thoy inight ex pect such a thing to. happen again. There was a very general feeling among mer chants that the -Merchandise Marks Act iv as a distinct disadvantage. The trade murk "made in Germany" had been a great boon to Geriuaiiy. They llad given a splendid advertisement to Germany in the past, and thoy were now anxious to see if they could not -give an equally splendid advertisement to _Brit,:Kh goods. This seemed also to be Lord Rotlierliam's idea. 'Ahey were told again and again, he said, Uiat by our insisting on foreign /joods being marked irith tbc country of origin, tiie trade of the country so advertised, whether r rance, Germany or Belgium, was greatly, though unintentionally, -benefited. Wuu it not reasonable to anticipate' that a similar advertisement of Imperial goods would in like manner and to the same degree, bene- lit the merchants and manufacturers of the British Empire.. Dr. Al'Call, Agent- General. for Tasmania, who was the only Australian representative who took part in the meeting, won the applause of his audi ence by saying that as Agent-General he had instructions to buy in the United .Kingdom, and was not allowed to go out- side the united Kingdom for a 5 per cent, or 10 per cent., or even 15 per cent., ad vantage. ' So much for the .discussion. Now for the decisions of the meeting. 'These took tlio form of a declaratory resolution and n determination to register a trade mark. The resolution declares:— "It is desirable hi the interest of the trade of the British Empire that there should he a trade mark indicating that the goods to which it is applied are goods manufactured Or pro duced in some part of the. British Empire." Then, in pursuance of this resolution, it was. agreed to seek the permission of the Hoard of Trade to register an association under the Companies Consolidation Act, having the uumc b£ "The British Empire trade Mark Association" for the registra- tion of its. mark and for statutory purposes, lhe creatipn of a guarantee fund was also authorised; The Colonial Office, on behalf of the (over- sens dominions, lias applied to the Earl Marshal for about 400 .positions in the Abbey, and it' is stated that as a result of this application at least 400 invitations to be present at the coronation service will be sent to representatives from distant parts of the Empire. Although no one can attend save by summons— .in the case of peers and peeresses— or invitation, the de sire of his Majesty that Britons overseas shall be adequately represented has made the task of the Earl Marshal and -the Lord Chamberlain, one of exceptional difficulty. The King's desire that the overseas domin ions shall he prominently represented at his coronation will mean that over 'a hun dred more places than at the last corona, lion will he allotted in the Abbey to dis- tingiiirshed visitors from the far cornel's of the Empire. -At most there are seats for '000. These include members of the Royal family and relations, 40; foreign royalties and representatives, 200; peers and peer esses, 1450; spiritual peers, elergv, privv councillors, ambassadors/ 300; M's.'P. and their -wives, BOO; India, dominions and colo nies, S00; membeis of orders. 100; navy and army, 400; civil service, 230; county and municipal representatives, 600. Aviation received its first great stimu lus in- this country through the "Daily Mail" £10,000 prize for the flight from London to Alancliester. Since then Ame rican newspapers have offered big pre miums in connection with flying contests. To-day the .announcement is made of a combined English and Continental inter national aeroplane race tinder newspaper auspices for prizes aggregating £20,000. This competition is known as the Euro pean Aviation Circuit, and will be a race for lioavier-than-air machines between Paris, Berlin,. Brussels, London, and back to Paris. It is being organised in England by the -"Standard," in France by "Le 'Journal" of Paris, in Germany bv the "Berliner Zeitung am Alittag" of Berlin, and in Belgium by the "Petit Bleu" of Brussels. "The contest will take place in June, the start being made at Ymcennes on the fourth of thnt rqo'it'' " The' pro ject lias already received the approbation of the Aero clubs of Great Britain, I France, Germany, Belgium and Holland, and it is fully expected that amongst the competitors will be fotind aviators repre senting all those countries, and others. Air. \V, Archer Redmond, AI.P., .who av ill-leave shortly for Australia on n money collecting mission in aid of Home Rule for -Ireland, made a very creditable maitjcii. speech in the House of Commons' recently, and is a very effective nnd cultured speaker, 'but I do hot think you will" find in him. the full measure of the oratorical qualities which his father, Air. John Rfcd- liiond, displayed on .his memorable first visit to Australia in company , with Air. YV. E. Redmond, something like 30 years ago. All the same ho will probably escape the bitter hostility which faced his father at n time when Home Rule meant to many Australians not only Home Rule/ but Em pire disintegration. The whole situation, as far as tilie possible future developments 111 the relations of Great Britain and Ire land are concerned, are now changed. "Eatriek Ford is content with' M'cderal Home Rule," under which Ireland, Scotland, . and . Wales may enjoy political autonomy, with 1m- penal supremacy. Air, .John Redmond voiced the new evangel only last night in terms which, are almost, if not quite, un precedented as coming from the mouth of a lender of. Irish Nationalists;— "To-night, nt long hist, thanks he to God, wo meet j ' may say, the very light of victory shining on our country and our cause,'' exclaimed Air. Redmond nt a St. Patrick's tiny banquet nt the Hotel Cecil last night. v c longer engage in a struggle be tween England and Ireland. England and Ireland have joined lqinrls against the com- nioii foes of (both in defence of the rights and liberties of the people. Under this blessed influence nil the old racial hatreds lnvo disappeared from our hearts, all ,bit- loi'iiran has gone from our souls, and to- iluy our aspiration is this — we want peace ay th England; we want friendship with the English people; we want our proper l !/o,l"r ii ®rtLsh Empire; we want !-!„U ii ns (lct;T1 m Lie ocean of obli- , . memory of the wrongs and mise- and oppressions of the past." rrA'' , oiclming majority of the United fttatcs Immigration ' Commis sion. which has been sitting for four years, and 1ms just presented its re port, fnvora the adoption of the Australian sjstom of a language, or rather "literacy" test. The commission proposes to limit immigration as far as possible to the reoplo who may be likely to prove useful to America, to help and not hinder the economic development of the country, to become good citizens, and not to lower the standard of living among the wake earners. YYith this end frcsii restrictions ;'1'? ''"'ijised. Notwithstanding America's population of 90,000,090, as against Aus- i th:m 5-000.000 (ths comparison is not unfair, as the two countries approxi mate to each other in area and resources), the commission urges that every encourage ment is. to bo given by State authority to luviiigraiits who wish to become— they and their families — American citizens. It will .T!LVC1ri s,!rl"-ifu Australian politicians who oppose the importation of skilled workmen to Jcarn that the commission actually pro poses that the difficulties in the wav of im porting ski led labor should be lessened bv ffuini150'1'''1' of Commerce and , r null the power of authorising it in advance on the application of any person interested. Chinese immigration is to re main forbmden; the Japanese question is ,o stay where it is, as long ns the present Tm k'r,10i"r r a1.1'1 "a« understand- ing r-houlcl be reached with the British Go- whereby ITasit Indian laborers ' A, be effeotive y prevented from coming a!, A1'-5- Lastly, the- co-m- minsioners, with the exception of one main- ? ' u'is.1 foi a literacy" test— to demand of every immigrant that he should ho able to rend and write some one language. "At one blow, as the. "Times" points out, tins i would exclude about a third of the people from southern and eastern Europe State '" prcsent lantl in the United Dr. Charles Harries, of Canada, will bo the principal conductor of the Imperial concert which is to open the Festival ' of Empire on 12th Alay. The Imperial choir will number 4000 voices. It will, in eon- junction with the Queen's Hall orchestra, give a series oi 'Tmp>erinl concerts." Eor the Australian concert, which is fixed for lota June, the following is the programme: -—Ship o the I'icndfAI'Cunn), Symphony m E fiat (Marshall-Hall) three Bavarian dances (Elgar); Hungarian Fantasy, piano and orchestra (Liszt). The artists include— Miss Esta d'Argo, Mr. Peter Dawson and Mr. Percy Grainger (so'o pianist). It is not a particularly representative pro gramme, but 1' understand that neither -Madame Alelba nor Madame Ada Crossley was available. Aladame Albani, who is no longer in her first 'youth, will take cart m the Canadian concert. The New Zea land event has not yet been arranged. Aliss Vida Goldstein (who, by the way, is billed as "the principal speaker" at a suffragette demonstration at the Albert Hall next week) may take heart from the fact that democratic Norway has given a lady candidate what democratic Australia denied Alias Goidstein— a seat in the popu lar Legislature. The Norwegian Parla- mont now includes a lady member, Miss Ragstad, a school mistress, ner male col leagues paid her marked attention on bcr first appearance in the House. Aliss Rag stad has the reputation of being extremely eloquent, and is. highly cultured. It may also interest the advocates of the extension of women's activities to learn that demo cratic Denmark has opened the ranks of the police force lo women. Aalborg is the first Danish city where a female constable will soon appear in the streets. She has permission to wear ordinary dress instead of a uniform, and "her special duty will be to keep an eye on persons of her own sex who may be suspected of being engaged in what is known as the white slave traffic. 