SETTLERS FROM DENMARK. PROJECT OF A DANISH COUNT. C?Hunt 0CŽrl Walderitr 'Sponi tied k is visiting Victoria with the view to findilngl encouragement -for agricultur ists among his own' people to 'settle in the State. The Count, in -the course of an inttrview said --. "I am a landholder in Defnriekr·.i The land vaialable for cultivation:in Ddnmnlrk is very limited, and the system of peasant proprietorship pre va/ling tends to make it increasingly dificult for young farmers to secure holdings. They are ambitious, virile, and strong, but somewhat conserva tive. The Danish .lMinister of Agri cultute has had to step in to'. stop the exploitation of our p,,lde by, American and Canadian private com panies, who, by glowing promises of free lands .and homesteads, coupled with flambuoyant misrepresentations have inveigled thousands of Scandin avians across .the . Atlantic. In the majority of instances, having been bled by fees and generally . fleeced, they have been left stranded to bat tle for an existence among people whose langhage tney do not under stand. IThe Danish Government has no objection to emigration as such, but the Ministry takes a sufficiently paternal jnterest in the farming com munity to prevent exploitation. I cannot speak too severely of the way some of my countrymen have been treated in the New World. In Denmark at the present time, especially in Jutland, the eyes of would-be emigrants asre beiig turned towards Australia. The material is at hand, and I can guarantee to bring out here annually 200 Danish farmers of whom this State would have reason to be proud. For the first two years they would work as farm laborers, and then, with the capital they brought with them, plus their savings, they would take up land and work it. In Dermark, the most profitable crop is sugar beeti and wonderful dividends are , being earned. I want' tob sed'this'indust'ty flourish in Victoria, and there iF nbo reason why it should not. The peo pIe I -propose-- to-bring--out understand beetroot cultivation and the process of conversion into sugar. But of course dairying, poultry, and general farming will.,provide avenues for Danish enteriprise. "I have laid a proposition before Mr H. O. Allen; the Chief Immiggras tian Oificei~r .h -Miase romn?sed to sTld mit it to IMr Graham, the Minister for A?ericiilture. Briefly, it is that I be comnoiissioned to set out for Copenhbagenannually, ana spend one month in Denmark, Norway, and Sweden respectively. I propose to ac companv each batch of immigrants, pnd supervise them after their arzival liere until such time as they are all nlacer! in situations. An office could he allotted in Melbourne; there all innuiries could b- attended to:. It w;ould be-.open.all, the:year round, and u?estions .'f buying land. , stock, sod. isknl6men, etc. could be 'dealt Oount Soonneck, in conclusion, ex: pressedl the opinion that the peonlg he would guarantee td tirilW" would prove a valuable,asset to the Statse, hSihe thlft;#,' ;-lvdrkiorking, - honiest aind loval to the coilntry 7of: thieir "doption. \- - - - ·.·: -''Ii -ll:~ 