THE FIRST HOMELAND. THE THREE CAPITALS. SYDNEY AND HOBART in EUROPE. THE STREAM TO AMERICA. IN. _ / . (FROM OUR SPECIE TORRESTONïTE-rr.) LONDON, Oct. G. Stockholm would take its place well beside Paris and Vienna as one of the finest of the world's capitals. I have seen no American city approaching it "In spectacular effect, although they must be many times more rich. Of course, It has the advantage of being free from skyscrapers, which ruin many American cities. Ono skyscraper will dwarf and put out of face at one blow the beauties of any number of loss lofty buildings, however well propor- tioned and delicate and exquisite they may be. Stockholm' is a sort of 19th century Venice; it is built round any amount of water, and it has taken great advantage of it. It is what Sydney might have been, I suppose, If she had had a few good lines to clear the ground, and perhaps one of Napoleon's marshals to help plan her. Stockholm had both. When, at the beginning of the last century, the old King of Sweden was left without an heir, the Swedes elected one of Napoleon's generals, Marshal Bernadotte, who took the name Charles John and became a Protestant. He had afterwards to fight against Napoleon, which,- naturally, he was not very eager to do; but he pulled Sweden out of debt, partly by giving up his own civil list for ten years. His grandson Is the King, and his great-grandson, who married a daughter of the Duke of Connaught, is the present Crown Prince of Sweden. Stockholm, although it has only 350,000 people, is a finer capital in some ways than Brussels, which is twice as large. And It has more of a metropolitan air than Copenhagen, although Copenhagen has 520 000 people. The standard of education In both places is very high, the people are exceedingly clean, and both cities are very sanitary. But Copenhagen, though it is well laid out, with the most handsome stretches of water running through it, has the air of a big provincial city, and Is perhaps really the healthier for it. The women there dress in the German style, with bare arms and necks In summer. They are a fair race, but you see them browned almost Uko Indians with their sea bathing. Stockholm is far more fashionable-one hardly saw a hobble skirt in Copenhagen, but Stockholm was full of them. In Stockholm one was possessed with the feeling, difficult to describe of being in a big modern centre Syd- ney and Melbourne are both emphatically metropolitan In the same way. Copenhagen and Christiania are not. Christiania is just a very large edition of Hobart. Hobart Harbour, it they had it in Scandinavia, would be called a fjord, and looking down on Christiania and Christiania Fjord from the bills above them one could scarcely believe that one was not looking down on Hobart from the Springs. There were the same half-submerged chains of, hilltops turned into peninsulas, the same straggling Inland waters, even the same ferry | boats-doublo-ondors painted bright green, with white and black funnels. In all three cities, certainly in Copenhagen and Stockholm, their places of amusement, their exhibitions, pleasure gardens, cafes, have a certain metropolitan finish and polish about their equip- ment and decoration noticeably ahead of the cheap and gaudy stage which still marks almost all our resorts in Australia in those places we saw no sign of drunkenness, except in Sweden. It used to be the national vice, particularly In Sweden and Norway. But they have tackled it so well that it can hardly be called a besetting fault to-day. The Gothenburg licensing system is responsible for this. By this system a company is allowed by a municipality to buy up all the licenses In a town; and then, having got the monopoly, to open a limited number of licensed houses. The company contracts to sell pure liquor, of which it has to give samples, and the managers in charge of the sale must have no interest in the sale of intoxicating liquors. No drunkenness may be allowed, and, as any slackness In observing these conditions may lead to the contract being Immediately declared broken and given to another contractor, they are naturally rigorously observed. They say that unsuspecting tourists, just beginning to feel happy with themselves, after a few sips of the treacherous Swedish punch, perhaps being impelled to toast their neighbours at the opposite table, or exhibit some such preliminary symptoms of cheerfulness, find a tall, dark-blue uniform stalking towards them, a heavy hand on their shoulder, and are taken quietly out by a Swedish policeman to a shed in the back garden and laid on the ground to cool. The company's business is carried on under the supervision of the municipality, and is limited to 6 per cent, profit. Everything above that goes to the town. AMERICANISED NORTHERNERS. No doubt some of the progressiveness of all three countries is due to their great inter- course with America. Everywhere In Scandinavia you come across Swedes, Danes, and Norwegians who have lived in America and re- turned Great numbers of them whom we saw had merely returned to their old home upon a visit and were going back to the States again. The steamer from Denmark to Harwich was full of them. We had not been at the table two minutes before a stout beery looking Swede at the top of the table announced, for the general benefit, with a strong American accent: "»Vmerlca-dal's do finest country and the world-I reckon-and I can prove it to anybody In five minutes." "I guess you're right,", said an elderly woman in black, who sat next to him. "I've been back to my native country for a year now and I reckoned I'd had enough of It-T couldn't keep' away from the States. Its the finest country in the world. In what country did you over hear of retired farmers?" That was a point against any patriotic Scan- ' caravans within hearing, because, of--) though they are magnificent farmers In Denmark, where the average wheat yield runs I J over 40 bushels an acre, they have to work pretty hard to the end of their lives. Personally, one knew of another country where farmers do occasionally retire on their earnings, but it is best to retire when Americans start this sort of blowing competition. It can he imagined that it is not popular in Scandinavia. i A POSSIBILITY FOR AUSTRALIA. At that table there was one Swede who re- visited his native land every six months. I suppose there were at least 20 amongst some 50 passengers all returning to their adopted country after a Visit. Perhaps the best fellow we met on the whole trip was a Danish American, who had married a Swedish Ameri- can. and had come home with her to visit her relations. The most objectionable man we came across was also a Swedish Ameri- can. But there is no doubt America Is get- ting a fine class of Immigrants from Scandi- Davis. They are the opposite of ignorant or boorish-for the most part they are probably well over the average of' Anglo-Saxon nations for education. The Danes In particular are exceedingly well-disposed towards the British race; they seem to trust to It almost blindly as a sort of protector. There is little doubt that a fair proportion of the stream of emigrants now going to America could be turned to Australia, and these Immigrants, being really of our own people, there is no question of their value. One reason why Swedes, Danes, and Norwegians make particularly acceptable citizens of the United States is that they are natural seamen, which Americans are not. They half live on the water. It is true you might find a place 150 miles from the sea in Southern Sweden. but it would be hard to discover a place five miles from a lake. The country is full of lakes, rivers, and inlets, as a not Is of holes. Probably that is how the Anglo-Saxon caravans first came to be a sea race. Every landscape in Sweden has a cold smooth lake, surrounded by exquisite soft, black, impenetrable pine trees. In the middle of it Denmark Is two or three Islands and a peninsula, sandy heathland, riddled with Takes, Bounds, and inlets. As for Norway, the chief picture one has carried away of it is or a-valley side just tipped along Its topmost rocks by the last, flood of the evening's brazen yellow light; the reflection of the same orange hilltops below in the creek which glides half sugar poeted down the valley. "And In the grey shade of the valley between, around almost every bend, a boatload of people from the nearest farm, elders, girls,- and boys, some on the bank and some in the boat, apparently Spending the cool of the evening picnicking along the banks. The" sunsets up here seem to have a faint cast of olive green over them, a character all of their own. I have several pictures in my mind of the birch trees, with long slender trunks whiter than in England, standing out from a ground of that deep green sand with some coppery red tile roof 1 reflected in the lemon yellow water-water I was always to hand. No wonder these people are proud of their country; or that they take to the water like spaniels. 