BBUGRATIOK. To the Editor. £ir—Tfie Government in the immigration policy apparently have no desire to encourage a regular intfux of the independent claw of settler" with capital who prefers to pay is* own J&fsage.; Many hundreds of ibis most desii%ble kind of new citizen who now emigrate elsewhere -would gladly come to South Australia annually 'were the superior advantages of climate and the prac tically unlimited opportunities made generally known to the people -of the United Kingdom. The majority of the British know as much of South Australia, as this State knows of the mysterious capital of Thibet The Government must advertise the State in the London and provincial press in an attractive and business like way as ft merchant does hie ■wares. Most of the Government immigrants may cling" to the city like a limpet to a -rock and thus leave tb® spaces still empty. Bach Slate assisted adult cost® the taxpayer about £12- In my humb'a opinion the money could be epent to a much greater advantage in advances in aid of a national land settlement ss&eme.; There are many hundreds of young men and women who would gladly marry were they asured of a home and a £ood living1 on the land. The beft immi grant is the Australian rural bom baby, and the nest best the robust, eober. industrious, in dependent man with ample means, who pays his own passage to South Australia, where he is drawn by the attractions the State offers to "bet ter his condition, and is not . afr^d of pio neering work in the agricultural areas. As a balance in the inchiRrial scale we must have a percentage of the class who are likely to be come employers of labor. The <iov«rament cass not employ'all their immigrants indefinitely. 00 should wet the moneyed man, for it is he alone who will be able to develop our very many valuable natural resources. staH new industries, and increase the output of etitting ones. Invite the man with moderate capkal and the worker will follow in his wake in ample numbers for all purposes without any State assistance. "Nomi nated immigration in the case of people from Europe should be strictly limited to the Danish, Swiss, Swedes, Norwegians. Dutch, and the Ger mans. South Australia has no need of the Latin race or the bomb-throwing nihilist and anarchist of Russia, of Spain, and of Portugal. Heaven save South Australia from the murderous and vindictive Italians, who axe members of the Black Hand and Camorra, and the Sicilians of the Mafia blackmailing secret societies J6r tie aa&seination; of those who dare to resist their demands for money. The Black Hand is so tieep Jy rootrd in New York that1 it is a veritable corse and a plague to society in that city, end is cot unknown "in Chicago and in Some other large American cities that have a fairly large Italian „ rvoTHilauon. -I am, Sir. arc. , WANTED. SErrTLERS WITH CAPITAL 