NEWS IN BRIEF. In tho .whole of Prance there are r:;. Jioi, move thnn 238 hunting women, sevoral European countries . in ,; eluding .France and Belgium, elections ;? ?? - are always held, on Sundays. Now completed, the official history of the Sou tli Al'rician war has cost in all a not sum of; £34,706. ' Mary ' is the name of one, in every seven of the girl scholars at , , ;. Nqrfch Harringay school, London. 'A .-beggar arrested in Berlin- , was found to possess £3200, which he ad 1 mitted he had amassed by begging, One of the street donations recent*: ly obtained by a Salvation Army sireet collector was a banknote for s £100. For Children's Hacking Cough at Night, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is 6d. ' Each territorial infantry battalion was represented at the Coronation ceremonies by 25 men of the rank and file. during the past year over 12 million gallons of wine in casks and 1,731,4.11 gallons in bottles were im-: ported (into England. n Begun eight years ago the largest dry dock in the world, which meas ures 886ft. by 100ft., has just been completed at Belfast. The Bonaventura, the first of the Newfoundland sealing steamers to re turn to St. John's, brought back a catch of 30,000 seals. i Over two. hundred and twenty thou , sand* people left the United Kingdom ,,last yeart for Canada, the Unitod States,' and Australia. Hay Porks, Scythe blades and han-: dies at Riddell's, 'During last year the number, of , ? Chinese . seamen engaged at Poplar for British ships was 1204, of whom 150 were engaged on board ship'. Jewish immigrants are steadily flowing into Palestine, arid in their ancient capilal, Jerusalem, there are now no fewer than 60,000 Jews. During the past year the New / South Wales Government Savings Bank made a profit of £27,000, as . ?- against ~£8000-4n' the previous year. \- ' -According „ to the latest returns, the, number^ ,of officers in the terri torial , force increased by 107, but , there, was a- decrease in -other ranks \-- of 3052. ' 1 Under an assumed 'name tho fam , , ous Italian ? brigand, Bello, has de-: , ( posited in a Sicilian bank about £12, ?m 000, which the- authorities have now con ft seated. - . Panama Hats, Cheap at Riddell's. An annual prize of £24 has been left as a legacy to the municipality .of Paris to provide an annual prize N for Iho inventor of tho most original ? ' novelty in watches. % (It is calculated that the total sav . , ing. to the : rates in consequence of , tho removal of the pauper disquali , fication under the Old Age Pensions * Act is £21,951 a week. /-: :: For Bronical Coughs take Woods' s - Great Peppermint Cure.— 1/6. 'Presented by the king, a young Antarctic Ross seal has recently ar-' \- rived at the Zoological Gardens, and is believed io be the first of its kind ? ever seen in England. Following the example of Edward I., the Pnnce of Wales will address his. Welsh subjects in their native ??.-?.?language, on the occasion of his in vestituio at Carnarvon Castle. .. . Excluding this year's cup-tie, 405 1 matchcs have been played m the Eng lish cup competition from the 1906-7 , season, and have been attended by \- ' nearly eight million spectators. Th^ recent weather probably gave you something to remember in the j way of a cough or cold on the lungs. ] / , Yjou ai e not the onlv one. Dozens ] \- * c\ . of people are m the same position, ] but they arc not dreading it with | Chamberlain's Cough Remedy in the house. Nothing that we could tlunk oi will givey id u the rehel thai Cham berlain's Cough Remedy gives. One v. bottle . will cure you of the worst ' ? * L 'cough you ever had.— Sold 'Every- * r where. 1 c Inhabitants of the little town of S . .Peodorina, Russia, -have built a ! 's Jsclioolhouse irom the proceeds ol a J ? ' -- voluntary tax of one penny per glass n ?-- . - ' of vodka consumed, which they im ; ,'fposed on themselves for a whole a year. j] Wire Netting, All Sizes, ~RitI(]pll's. & ? From Turkey there has. arrived a wonderful carpet, manufactured for a pee?-, which was copied from the 1.7th century Persian example in the 'South Kensington Museum. It con tains 22,500,000 stitches, and took 18 months to make. In the will of a Mme. Oddolav/ who died recently at Lessarden Bresse, was a bequest of a ? farm (rental value £120) to the municipal ity on condition that her family vault was kept in repair. The rest of her property was to be divided ? amongst friends and relatives -attending her funeral. There were 140 mourners. A, christening has taken place afc Davos in unusual circumstances. In addition to the parents of the child, there were present the following' re latives : Four grand-parents, one great-grandfather, and four great great-grandmothers. Their uniled ages were nearly 800 years. - Count Matuschka-GriefEenklau con voked a conference of archaelogists in his house at Winkel-on-the-Rhine, The conference unanimously ex pressed the opinion that the Count's is the oldest house, still occupied, iri Europe. It was formerly - tfche dwelling of the bishop of Mayence, Rabnus Maurus, who died there in 850. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds, never fails.— 1/6, jThe death is announced of Mrs. Wright, stated to be the oldest wo-; man in Glasgow. The old lady was born in Ireland about 1805— the year, of the potato famine — and came to Glasgow over 30 years ago. She had many interesting^ reminiscences of her. younger days, and while she had only one of a family, there were at one time alive five generations, of which Mrs. Wright was the senior. When the German Emperor visited Brussels recently his consort gave two brooches to two of the 15 licen sed flower-girls of the city, in return' for bouquets which they handed to Her Majesty. The other girls promptly claimed a share in the gift, demanding- that the brooches- be put up to auction. The matter' was taken to the Police Court, and tho magis-1 - trate decided that the brooches^ were the property of the two girls. It is the custom of the Kaiser to - commemorate particular achievement as a hunter by the erection of monu ments. One of these stones 6ft. high, has been put up in a Royal forest some miles to the north of Berlin. It bears the following inscription ' : — 'His Majesty the Emperor, / King William II., shot here on January 9, - 1911, a big 24 pointer,, in number of points the finest stag over Id led by a Hohenzollern Prince in fie Schori heide,' _ Catching rats with oyster, shells is the unique method employed by some pearlers round about Broome, West ern Australia. They leave a large oyster on the floor of the cabin at night. It opens for a breath of fresh air, and the smell of the fresh meat attracts the rats. When the rodent thinks he'll try a -little supper, the oyster suddenly decides that he does not like fresh air. Next morning* the shell is prised open and the dead rat thrown overboard. A Tew years ago, Dr. Nyrop, a Danish University professor, wrote a whole volume about kissing. He noted that, while even the stern Ro-:_ mans) had three words for a kiss ac cording to the nature of the salute— oscula, basia, and sua via — the senti- ^ mental English have one term for.' every sort of kiss. The Germans have over 30 different styles of kis ses recognised by and entered in their dictionaries. As it is, most people can get along with kissing in the singular number, but lovers may note the German word ' nach Icussen,' which means making up for kisses .which have boon missed through absence. . COMMON AMONG MINERS. V Like many other miners I cori ?ractod a severe cold through coni ng out of the hot mine into the ?ool air,' says Mr. Crouch of Tabina- ' it.y Broken Hill, N.S.W., 'and at light I would get an awful tickling n.ltlie throat and blies t, but Chamber-* ain's Cough Remedy was the means -f giving ? immediate relief from it' -nd quickly cured my cold. No other nedicine was able 'to: do this, and ! Lad many bottles from the doctor.'— iold Everywhere. : ' ? ' 