COMMENTS. " nLAND FOR THE IMMIGRANTS. WIDENING THE SCOPE. ' Without going into the question of try ing. to apportion the blame . as between the Closer Settlement Board, and others,' the impression is 'getting to be disquieting with regard to probable complications in finding sufficient supply of irrigation laud for the incoming immigrants. This sug- gests- - tlie question . as to why the required, land should- be rigidly confined to the irrigable areas, wliieli are not by any means of unlimited extent, and for that reason calculated to promote difficul ties connected with vendors' ideas of values. The obvious direction in which to look for more elasticity is in a widening of the sc'dpe of. land supply.. There are. dis tricts whose natural rainfall makes tliem independent of irrigation,, and where the land can be obtained at such reasonable prices as to show the 'necessary margin for- remunerative returns. These lauds again are within .convenient distances oi important market centres, throughout the /State, and the descriptiohs.submit'ted week ly in this journal of the' successful ope rations of- family settlement on compara tively small ureus of land within easy reacli , of Ballarat,' Bendigo, Stawell and similar centres fully prove their suitableness for successful closer seEtlement. A correspon dent supports this view when he says;— "While bhe Government is paying such at tention to immigrants to find them suit able blocks of land, it ..is remarkable that all the attention is paid' to far distant blocks in the country, away from markets 'and conveniences, while land close, to Mel bourne and the markets is not considered or offered to the people. One would think thajthe object of the "Closer Settlement Board would be to place . the settlers in convenient positions, close to the markets, and encourage tliem to put their labor. and energy into "small lots of 20 to 40 acres, and work it well, with a market liandy foi' the produce. A worker put- on a 20 or ,40 acre lot can clear an acre very quickly, and raise such produce in a very short time as to keep things going while lie is doing further clearing. - We have the Ag ricultural-, department's officers lecturing upon what can be done on small holdings, while the other Government' departments are urging tlie putting of settlers on 250 or 500 acres, far away from markets, and encouraging, the very opposite of intense culture. . As an example take the Mor nington Peninsula, which is specially suited for email holdings, having an easily worked soil, very susceptible to a little artificial manure. With its splendid rainfall of from 35 to 40 inches it is independent of irriga tion .and capable of becoming the garden oi. .Victoria. There are. some 10,000 acres ih the Mornington Peninsula that lend them selves readily 'to the closer settlement idea." " ' Here we find cheap land improved in value by the- settler as a part of his pro- ductive work. There does not seem to he as much attention given by the Closer. Settlement Board to the various classes of industries available for concentrated agri culture of a profitable sort as might be desired. As for example, ; the Mornington area of country referred to happens to be the location of a small settler whose suc cessful operations in connection with the new system of pig keeping within shifting hurdles was- explained' by, our agricultural reporter in "The Leader" of 8th October last. An extract from that article" ex plains:— ' There, is no elaborate housing in. the. new sys tem, therefore less cost and no crowding to gether, and consequently a minimum of disease risks. .A beginning is made in an open paddock by a series of . small enclosures, about 12 feet square, arranged for the accommodation of hot more than about a dozen pigs in each. These enclosures arc put up so as to provide for handy shift ing, and in this way the pigs are not kept too long in-ciic place,' but' regularly shifted to fresh and clean pieces of ground. In tlie corner of each of these .enclosures is a cheaply 'constructed skil- lion- roofed portable- shelter- shed," made of palings, and resting upon bottom plates suffi ciently. . strong to act as runners to enable the little sheds to be shifted as required. The shed- is closed up -.on three sides and left open- on tlie fourth.- By - being kept with its back -to the windward, and furnished with a good bedding- of straw, the pigs get all the shelter and warmth the.v require, together with abundant fresh air. In these enclosures . all the feeding is dyne, tlie pigs have plenty of room to move about, and the straw provided portable sheds furnish warm shelter under ideal ventilation conditions. When the land in one of these enclosures is turned over by the rooting of the pigs and rendered unclean by the feeding of the pigs and their manuring, ...the location is shifted to the next piece' of clean land adjoining. The pigs kept in this -'way are remarkable for their glossy, '"health- iui appearance, ana tneir quick faltemug. . An important feature, is the gcod done to the soil; On the place visited the land is very inferior,- yet - under this system it is steadily becoming converted from the poorest class into the richest. When it is remembered that of all the soil fertilisers pig manure is the richest, this transformation is not difficult to understand." It has been tlie lashion to describe pig keeping, as an adjunct' to dairying, but -under this system the -policy is beii.g reversed. A case in point is where tlie owner began by pig keeping en the new system exclusively, but lias now added dairy ing as. an adjunct to the pig keeping. It was found that .milk was required as one of the food mixtures, and this led to tlie purchase of two or three cows. The pig fertilised land is now found capable of growing good yields of all various fodders required ' alike by the pigs and the cows ; while the progress of mak ing poor land rich keeps steadily extending under tlie system of shifting the pig enclosures. The ideal closer settlement industry is tliat which provides the largest and most successful scope for a family's labor ex pended upon a small area of. land, and the raising of.' flax presents itself as a -representative example. Flax growing in Victoria is yet' in its infancy, the total of the past . year aggregating about 1000 acres in the farms of some 80 - growers, who express them selves satisfied with the .results. The past year's crop -has averaged 2% tons per acre, and ;the flax brings between £3 10/ and £4 per ton as a- raw product, while the. linseed, in addition, which averages about 18 bushels an acre, brings from 7/6 to 8/ per bushel. Another illustrative example is the growing of sugar beet. The recant letters by "The Age". Special- . Commis sioner in America., have shown that sugar beet is essentially the backbone of Ame rica's most profitable closer settlement en terprise. Here in Victoria the remunera tive character of this product has also been proved, but so far on a small scale. It is, however, placed beyond doubt that there is abundance of- land in Victoria suitable for growing beet at a profit, and that it would require 24 factories the . size of the one at Maft'ra to supply the siigar consump tion of Victoria alone. All that is wanted is the growers. It is a reflection upon us that we send away annually £1,000,000 out of the country for sugar which we should produce ourselves. Settlers who have al ready arrived here from Denmark are de sirous of going into beet growing, which they understand, and they state that many others from their country would be "glad to come out and grow beet for. the factory on the terms . offered by the Go vernment if they .could get the land. Tlie Maffra factory, is closely hemmed in by large estates comprising land suitable for beet, but at present used for stock fat tening on the natural herbage. Here, one would say, is an opportunity for business on the part, o'f the Closer Settlement Board, yet it is only one out of numbers of others suitable for varied phases of in tense cultural . production throughout many different parts, of the State awaiting attention as supplementary to the irriga tion purchases. 'Better transportation facilities, it is pointed out in Messrs. M'Kenzie and Mead's report, are required in. the Goul burn and Cohuna districts. " ' Branch rail- .ways to bring every settler within ten miles of a railroad are advised. Motor railway cars, it is stated, are coming into extensive use for this purpose in America, and it is believed that they will prove satisfactory here. It is advised that small holdings oi 10 to 40 acres . should be concentrated in compact -areas near rail way stations. - To promote the dairy industry it is recommen-. ded that red Danish Holsteins :or South Devon cows should.. be -imported. The Guernsey, which is gaining rapidly on the Jersey as a butter breed, is also said to be worthy of more extendeU trial here. In pigs, the Poland-China 'breed is favorably mentioned. 