THE WEEK AT A GLANCE. LOCAL AND GENERAL. THURSDAY, September 21. In the Legislative Council yesterday the Paddington Cemeteries Bill was read, a first time. The Health Bill was further considered in Committee, progress was re- ported, and the Council adjourned until Xuesday next. In the Legislative As?embly yesterday the Railway Estimates were discussed m .Committee. ,  . At a meeting of manufacturers held in Brisbane yesterday a Queensland Cham* ber of Manufacturers was formed. Ait the Albion Park races yesterday the .Welter Handicap was won by Stephen, iwith King Deal second, and Petards third. The New South Wales bowlers yesterday defeated the Oayfield Club by 171 to 110. At tlie Brisbane wool sales yesterday 03,138 bales were offered. Prices for superior wools were well maintained, but average wools—greasy and scoured—^were from par to 5 per cent, lower than the July sales. In the House of Representatives yes terday the Transcontinental Railway Bdl sras introduced, and the second reading ftras moved by Mr. O'Malley. The debate Was adjourned. The second reading of the Navigation Bill was carried, and the Statutory Declaration Bill was passed through all stages. It is now feared that the worst has happened to the steamer Rosedble, winch trad on board seven pswringfro and a crew numbering 18 aU told. t JK4n agreement has been arrived at in between the Master Retailers' As sociation and the shop assistants, sub stantially improved conditions baying been secured by the employees. Hugh Burnett Kendall, who was caught in the megass carrier of the Millaquin crushing mill on Saturday afternoon, and tiad his right leg badly mangled from the thigh to the foot, died in the Bundaberg Hospital to-day (our Bundaberg corre spondent telegraphed on Tuesday). De ceased was the first white person born in Bundaberg. > ' • ■■> The. Comtnon/weaHh Aggregate at the Dueeradand Rifle Association's meeting mm won by E. W. SchOlmg, and the Central district won the District Asso firation'B match. The .minimum rate of pay in the rafl .gray service of Western Australia has been increased from 7/6 to 8/ from the next pay. ■ An aboriginal at Wingetta, Western Australia, has been enfestdd on a charge \of murdering Daniel Hoban, caretaker of the Government well on the Mount Ida coad. The show and races at Atherton hare resulted in a substantial profit being net ted. (Mrs. Mary MiDerick, an old identity of the Gympie district, died at Gympie at Wie age of 68. (During 1910 a. total of 2200 prisoners Astaed through the Queensland prisons.. <^B& painter named William Greeves was Severely burned when painting a build ing at Sydney, and while trying to ex tinguish the flames he fell into a tub )ai acid and broke his leg. In consequence, of the scanty supply of Vain in the Western districts, rabbits are «sid to be a rarity, and in some cases it as thought that the "bunnies" wfll be annihilated. Professor Gibson, of the Chair of En gineering in the Queensland University, ■rill travel to England daring the vacation to select the machinery required for the engineering shops connected with the Uni versity. The death occurred at Brisbane of Sfater. Mary Cplwtine'..Rferta,; njincipal «f the. teaching staff of St. Stephen's &£. School, Brisbane, at Ibe age of €3 .years. ; New.regulations under the Federal Quar . antine Act are .to come into force from October 1. The N.S.W. Letter Carriers' Conference has passed a motion asking that the Bection of the Public Service Act granting the right of appeal be made operative. In consequence of the rush of immi grants to Queensland, all the available steamer accommodation is fully taxed for 6ome time to come. Writs against the Speaker have been threatened by a number of memibers of the N.S.W. Parliament as a result of the recent scenes. -. . •. Dr Samuel Peacock has bee,n committed at Melbourne on a charge of having mur dered Mary Davies. The trouble among the shop assistants at Sydney has ended, and increased wages Lave been granted. A strike of about SO builders' labourers has occurred at Melbourne in consequence of a demand for increased pay not being granted. Gratifying reports have been made by the Agent-General concerning the butter export from Queensland to Great Britain, and some valuable information has been supplied regarding the cheese cs-port. Commander Curtis haa been appointed Dirtiict Naval Officer at Brisbane as from July 1 last, at a salary of £525, with trav elling expenses. A "compulsory" cadet was filled £1 and costs at Melbourne on a charge of insubor dination while on parade. A good display of cotton was made at the Cairns Show, which war. officially open ed in the local «hire ball. John Jones, aged 35 years, was grooming a horse at Wirth Brothers' circus, when an elephant charged him and inflicted a num ber of severe wounds. Good progress is being made with the construction of the Blackbutt railway, and the bridge work is under way for a consid erable distance. Thunderehowers are reported from a number of towns in Western Queensland. FRIDAY, September 22. In the LegidUtive Assembly yesterday three motions by private members were desft with in the afternoon. In the even ing the Committee stage of the Sugar Works Bill was completed. The second of the 1911-12 series of Bris bane wool sales was concluded yesterday, when 11,318 bales were offered. As com pared with the July sales superior wools were in buyers' favour; other qualities— both gremy and scoured—s per cent, lower. The New South Wales bowlers met a combined Toowoomba team yesterday, and • draw resulted, each side scoring 133 points. The steamer Kaikoura arrived at Towns* viUc yesterday with 830 labourers for the Queensland railways. Of this number 196 landed at Townsville for work in the North. During the seven months of the present year 75,414 persons arrived in the Com monwealth, and the departures numbered 38,324. In the House of Representatives yester day, during a debate on a motion by Mr. M'Williama that a Royal Commission of five members of the House be appointed to in quire into the sugar industry, Mr. Tudor stated that a non-political commission was to be appointed. A atnke of, timber workers is threatened in Tasmania, unless an agreement with the sawmiUera is arrived at. The captain of the Burringbar reported on arrival in Sydney yesterday having found off Smoky Oape certain wreckage which had been identified as Belonging to the RosedaTe. Mr. Wade has given notice in the New South Wales Legislative of a censure motion regarding the statement by the Premier in reference to the public bum d« of the House. A farmer named Edward Loss, aged iO years, committed suicide at hfe selec tion at Kelvin, about 18 miles from Gun nedah, NJ3.W., by cutting ha throat. A man named James Coflby was fo'ind dead in an hotel at Sydney with a tin oil strychnine by his side: Mr. W. J. Whitty, the well-known cricketer, is going from Victoria to South Australia, and will play for the latter State in the coming' season. Employers in the carpentry, bricklay ing, and plumbing trades at TWrowille report a great scarcity of men, and con tractors state that they could carry out more works if labour were at hand. The Government has selected a site in Boma-«treet, Brisbane, for the erection of cold stores for the storage of butter and cheese. Some of the cadets at Mackay are said to be rather unruly, and it is expected that drastic action will be taken in one or two cases. Dr. Crotlien, of Clifton, removed a lucerne straw which had been embedded in a man's knee for nine years. . In the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales Mr. Wade has given notico of a motion of censure on the Speaker. Dick Armt, the sculling champion' of the world, states that if Barry wants a match with him he must deposit £1000 and • expenses, or ehe come out and row on the Parramatta. Captain C. W. Munro won the first etage of the King's Prize at the Queens land Rifle Association's meeting at Bris bane, and the Brisbane Rifle dub the Kifle Clubs-Match. The trouble at the Sunshine Harvester Works, Melbourne, has been settled, and the unionists who maltreated the non unionists are to be brought to justice. A woman named Wiluelmdna Ofeen, aged US years,'committed suicide at Sydney by taking a dose of lysol. An extraordinary circular has been fe good by the Department of Home A£Caira in which it is stated that preference is to be given to unionists on Government works in every instance, and the non umonists are to be the first to be dis charged. . : A farmer named Alfred Pearson was ttruck dead by lightning at his home stead, near Armidale, N.S.W, % The report of Mr. J. G. Macdonald on the inquiry into the recent Springbrook .losses states that in his opinion the mortal icy ires due to natural- causes, and the in oculation by the Government officials was done properly. During 1010 there was a total of 365,000 dairy cattle in Queensland, this being a large increase compared with the previous year. The second 6eotion of the Dalby to Tara railway will be opened "to traffic on October 4. That the land around Gympie is capable of producing sugarcane, of good quality may be eeen by the waggon loads going through the main streets of the town each day. The death is announced at Maryborough of Mrs. Mary Jakemon, an old pioneer resident of the district. Captain Mackay (Portmaster) has re turned to Brisbane after an absence of sev eral weeks, during which time he visited the lighthouses in North Queensland. * The death occurred at Southport this week of Mr. John Jordine, a member of a well-known family of Queensland pio neers. . . Replying to a deputation, the Premier stated he was in full accord with the move ment for an eight-hour day, and said that wherever practicable the various wages boards were fixing this. SATURDAY. September 23. ' In connection with the decision of the Government to establish cold stores at Rproa-street the Countess-street bridge will be widened, and provision made for extra rails. The work of preparing for selection the lands on Inkerman and Woodstock, in the Bowen-Ayr district, is now almost com- pleted. At the invitation of the Minister for Railways a Parliamentary party visited the Ipswich workshops yesterday,' and spent an instructive and pleasant time. At noon the new dining rooms, built for the men at a cost of £2500, with fittings valued at £800. were onened by the Min- jster. • In the House of Representatives yester day the debate on the second reading of the Transcontinental Railway Bfll was continued, and further adjourned. ' Sir John Forrest, on behalf of Mr. Dea kin, gave notice of a motion censuring the Government in connection with preference to unionists, and the Prime Minister said the Government would consider it as a want of confidence motion. Gym pie City Band won first place and *£100 in the A grade band contest at the Tamworth Kisteddfod. Arrangements are being made for the transport to Australia of the Panama's emigrants, who were landed at St. Helena, after a fire on the steamer. The Pittsworth-Millmerran railway will be opened at MOhnerran (the terminus) for traffic- on October 18. * Willie Morrison, aged 7 years, iwas ac cidentally killed by his brother at Proser pine through a loaded pea rifle going off. A number of bush fires have occurred in some of the western districts of Queens land, and in the. vioinity of Morven 2000 sheep were lost. The cargo on the lost steamer Rosedble was uninsured, and a number of fanners are lieavy losers. A political meeting at Dulwich Hill, New South Wales, expressed emphatic disapproval and disgust at the action of the .'Speaker of the Legislative Assembly (Mr.Tl Willis). ....,'. It is expected that the Inkerman lands mil vibe open for selection in aboot a fort? night's time. • : . . •■ One hundred immigrant navvies have ar rived at Cloncurry for work on the Mai bon-SuTlivan Creek section of the trans continental hue. The body of a man named Sam Bowles •was found in his tent near Ghillagoe, He had evidently committed suicide by blowing hit).head off. The Victorian Government has increas ed the reward from £200 to £500 for information leading to the discovery of the missing woman, Margaret Dayies. The Premier will officially open the Mary vale line ton Saturday, and towards the end at next month Mr. Denham will inspect the country in the vicinity of Thallon, the \present tennjnns of the border line. Australia won the International Match at the Q.R.A. prize meeting at Enoggera, and the second stage of the King's was won by E. H. Irving. Light rain ha* oeen recorded over a wide area of south-tiastern Queensland, and showery conditions are said to be eontinu- While beonq taken to the lunatic asylum, a Chinaman jumped from a train at Ayr. but Constable Dadson promptly followed him, and succeeded in capturing him after a short chase. Dairymen's supplies are still decreasing in the Grandchester district in consequence of the shortage of ram. An old identity of the Maryborough dis trict died in the person of Mr. Frederick Habler, who passed away at Maryborough at the age of 87 years. Owing to the briskness of the produce market at Warwick, considerable dissatis faction has been expressed by local mer* (13). chants and produce dealers at the scar city of trucks at the railway station* Hundreds of .essays have been received by the Agent-General in connection with the Scottish essay competition written from the "Queenslander" special, "What the Spies saw in Caanan," and many of the articles are said to be of exceptional merit. John Mactavish, Kflcardy. and David Lawson Findlay, Throx, divided first- and Becond prizes for boys ; while Sarah Docherty, Castle Douglas, received first prize, and Deirdre Brereton, ADoa, second prize for girls. MONDAY, September 25. It is expected that the number of im migrants to Queensland under Government auspices will be 14.000 this year, the num ber arriving in September beiuj nearly The steamer Miltiadcs carried 78 im migrants for Queensland, and they landed at Brisbane yesterday. "yesterday 530 railway workers, forming part of a batch of 830, some of whom were ?cnt to works in the North, arrived at Brisbane by the Kaikoura, and were sent to various lines under construction. The Australian Bowling Council has de cided to hold the Commonwealth Bowling Carnival in Brisbane next Christmas. The Queensland Rifle Association's King's Prize was won by R. G. ?bank (Gyropie), with Captain Munro (Rock hompton) second, and W. StaaU (Forest Hill) third. Owing, to the rain on Saturday the final of the Q.R.U. competitions was postponed for a week. Unfavourable weather prevailed for the Brisbane Dingey Sailing Club's opening demonstration. Vera won the 10-footers' race, Waratah the 14-footers' handicap, and Lilian the skiff race. At the Sandgate races on Saturday Yeena Lad won the Deagon. Handicap, and Don Jose the Flying Handicap. Masher won the double at the Ipswich Amateur Turf Club's meeting. The Hawkeaburjr Guineas was won by Pontano, and the Spring Handicap by Britain. . . . The. Findon Harriers' Cup was won by Lord Emms, from Albert and Pinot. The Hon. W. H. Barnes (Treasurer) and party visited Many Peaks on Friday, and were entertained at a civic banquet. Mr. Barnes performed the ceremony of officially opening the State school on oaturday morning. At Gvmnie yesterday a memorial of John Flood. Irish patriot, wu unveiled by Mr. Redmond, M.P., one of the Irish envoys. At the Rockhampton races on Saturday Bpomfeah won the September and Windup Handicaps. Part of a human body was found in the stomach of a shark caught near Wollongong, N.S.W. J. Donaldson defeated C. E. Holway in the race in Sydney on Saturday for the 130 yds. worlds' championship, the distance being covered in 12sec—a world's record. At the Medical Congress, which was con cluded in Sydney on Saturday, some im portant resolutions regarding friendly societies were carried, and a committee was appointed to deal with political matters. The amateur gold championship in Syd ney was won by J. D. Howden, of Vic loria. The Goulburn to Sydney bicycle road rjhee. was won by W. Rennle. with D. Kirkhair. second, and J. W. Wilson third. In consequence of the rain the Rugby football finals in Brisbane had to be post poned. The revenue at the Warwick Railway station for tfhe year ended June 30 was £45,029, a large increase compared with the previous year's figures. * Cane. planting. is in full. swing in the ■ Grafton district of New South Wales, and a eocssdsrabk area will be put under crop thfe season. Owing to the bush fires in the Cooroy district, landowner* Jiave had an.immense, amount of debris cleared off their pad* docks. The official opening of the Dalby-Tara line has been fixed for October 14, when a fitting celebration will be made. The three head of deer placed on Hinchin brook Island by the Government in 1907 are said to be thriving well. About 809 acres were put under wheat in the Crow's Nest district last year, from which the return'was 11,294 bushels. A' fair amount of maize is yet •held in the Crow's Nest district, but the good prices now prevailing have induced farmers to bring a fair quantity into market. In consequence of the dry weather there has been a conspicuous diminution in the milk yield m the Dalby district. Prices for pigs in the Meringandan dis trict have advanced, and there is a good demand for well topped animals. Shearing operations have commenced throughout the Milhnerran district, and the clip is expected to compare favourably with that of other years. Vineyards in the Roma district are show ing rapid growth, and rafai would be wel comed. The Clifton Shire Council has paid the Rosenthal Shire Council's claim of '£113, being half the amount of repairs to a bridge on Toolburra road. William James Eacott", assistant light keeper at Cape Moreton, died suddenly at the lighthouse on Friday. The captain of the German steamer Annanberg reports having seen sometiiing which resembled a topmast, while in the vicinity of Narcs Rock, and the question has been put forward as to whether it has any connection with the Yongala. Altogether 35 nominations have been received at Sydney for selection as .Labour candidates for New South Wale* for the nest Senate campaign, and a ballot ia to be taken on the question. An old man named James Smith, aged 80 years, was burned to death at Kirk stall, Victoria, presumably through fal ling into the fire while in a fit. Thunderstorms have been experienced over a wide area of country in Queens land, and some useful rain has fallen on the Downs. The time limit in connection with the introduction of trams into Toowoomba has been extended. The death occurred at Southport of Mr. Hugh Milman, Government Resident at Thursday Island, at the age of 06 years. Miss A. Moore won the 75 yards ladies' championship of New South Wales run at Sydney on Saturday. The authorised amount of notes issued has been raised from £10,000,000 to £12, -000,000. W. Rennie won the bicycle road race, from Goulburn to Sydney from 100 com petitors in 6hr. 46min. A fire occurred at Anderson's sawmills, Esk, and much damage was done before the flames were subdued. The shortage of material and skilled labour was referred to at the third an nual dinner of the Master Builders' As* sociation, held at Brisbane. Hughie Mehegan defeated Frank Picato on points in a Doxing contest at Sydney. A new building capable of holding 3500 people has 'been erected for the forthcom ing Lismore Musical Festival, to be held from October 2 to 6. A number of further appropriations have been authorised in connection with the construction of new railway lines. TUESDAY, September 28. A railway sleeper was found to hay« been placed an the Cttnnamulla line yes* terday, about 10 miles from Charleville, and the down train from CunnamuDa had a narrow escape from a serious dis aster. The telegraph and telephone lines were also cut at this spot. Tiiree lads were overwhelmed by the fall of a pile of timber on the South Cirafton wharf, and one named Arthur Roberta was killed, the others being badly injured. General satisfaction ia expressed at Rosewood at the early redemption by the Premier of his promise to personally in- - spect the proposed new route of the Bremer Valley railway. Heavy comigmneuta of produce are com* ing to hand.at the Clifton railway station, and ix^ consequence of the shortage ot trucks most in the yard*. Light draughts realised £34/10/, at a hone sale held at Charleville. After a searchinfjinvestigation Mr. R. It iff not proposed to extend the time for claiming the reward for the discovery of the Yongala, which will not be avail* able after September 30. A eteam, shovel has been purchased by the Railway Department, for excavating work at the Mayne Junction. Writing from, the Danish Consulate in Melbourne, Count Sponneck has offered to accept an appointment to secure immi grants from Denmark for Queensland at the rate of 220 each year. A seam of coal 4ft. 6in. thick was struck at a bore in the Longreach district at a depth of 60ft. The steamer Scbarnhorat has arrived at Sydney with 11 : continental immigrants on board for Queensland. Tbe GovpinraeM has decided to make foundation Day a pobHc holiday, and it-is to be gazetted next cession. -. Br; >A.: tticbH has been committed fov trial at Gympie on a chaise of having performed an illegal operation. A meat safe has been picked up near. Tacking Point, N.S.W., which it is thought is from the lost steamer Rosedale. . Wreckage has been found which has been identified as that of the barquentine Laura, and there is now little doubt as to the vessel's fate. At the eighth annual meeting of the Queensland Women's Electoral League, held at Brisbane, a vigorous speech waa made by the Premier. Out of 22.935 junior cadets medically ex amined m Australia 22,511 were classed as fit. ' Some pine timber hsp been felled at Blackbutt which measured lift. 4in. and lift. sin. in circumference and which wai 45ft. lon*. W. J. Maggs, clerk of the Green; Ponds. Municipality, Tasmania, committed suicide by shooting himself with a rifle. WEDNESDAY, September 27. In the Legislative Council yesterday the Sugar Works Bill was read a first time, the Health Act Amendment Bill was fur* ther considered' in Committee and amend ed, and leave obtained to sit again the following day. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday the Sugar Works Bill passed its third reading, and a Treasury Bills Bill was read a f jr*t time. The State Children Bill was further considered in Committee, and clause 34 was reached before the House adjourned. Mr. F. C- Macnish was yesterday- de clared elected to the Hamilton Town Council, the other candidate for ' the vacancy. Dr. H. J. Stewart, having with drawn his nomination. Lionel Jamas Blakeney, a baby 5J months old, was choked to death at his parents' home at Esk on Monday whilci Attempting to swallow a marble. la connection with the placing of an obstruction on tlie railway line near Charle ville, and the cutting of the telegraph mes, a man has been arrested, and is alleged to be insane. It is anticipated that the financial re9ult« of the Queensland tour of the Irish envoys will exceed £4000. In the House of Representatives yetfter day Mr. Dcakin moved 'hie want of con fidence -motion, to the effect that the granting of preference to unionists on Government work was unjust and op pressive, prejudicial alike to the public interest, io the public service, and to the delations between Favliameotand it* pubjic ??rvict«. The epeakers included Mr. Dea -slj?, Mr. Fisher, and Sir John JVnrre?t, r/<l the debate was adjourned. The censure motion in the New South Wa3es Aaaembly )was defeated by 32 votes to 30. During the debate Wood was removed by the order of the Speaker. In a geological report issued by the Gov ernment, the proppects of discovering oil at the Roma oil bore arc said to be con siderable. The public examination for entrance to the University will be held on December * and following days. The recent rains were hardly sufficient to Rive thorough relief to the sugar dis trict?, and unless further rain falls the cane crop of next season will be greatly reduced. In consequence of the recent smallpox Scare a number of attendants and in mates of the Hospital for the Insane at Goodna have' been vaccinated. The lnkerman lands, will be opened for selection at Ayr on Dfrceinbe?;*. Joseph Mrtward ■ Was died at from injuries, he received through* ,* fall from a staff biding. . ..-"•> The dispute atj the Sunshine Ilatvc?ter Works, VR'torja, has been arni£<r>l* r set tled, v' * ' • • ..; >/ Further hurneb'wmain> haVe been found in a ftecoud sbarTi wnicli- was caught near ?Woollongonjr, off the New South Wales coast. The demand of emigrants to come to Queensland from Great Britain is far exceeding the steamer accommodation available, says the annual report of the Immigration Agent. New regulations have been introduced at the Brisbane telephone exchange, which the night male attendants have to work seven nights of each week. Tlie recount of the votes of the recent by-election for Liverpool Plains, New South Wales, has resulted in a tic. The report of the railway commMsioner for South Australia for the period ended June 90 shows that the earnings totalled (£2,015.182 for 12 months. Archbnfliop Wright, of Sydney, in an address before the Anglican Bynod of New South Wales, ad versely criticised the provisions of the Ne Temerc decree. ? The Treasurer has decided not to ac cede to the request to open the Ncrang Greek to net fishing. The. fund to erect a memorial to fl'-f memory of the late John Blair, of Rock-, hampton, totals £1047. Madame Melba k? suffering from bron chitis at Sydney, -and she has had to put off ber operatic engagements for a week. Mrs. M'William was kilted at Woollon gong, New South Wales, as ihe result •f a motor car accident. The gross revenue of .the Victorian, rail ways lor the year ended June 30 was !£4,896,2K). , The Reiwrd roa/1 train has initiated a Ctervice between Ingkwood and Silver- Jpur. . The death octtirred at CharTeville of. Mr. Frederick Adrian, a very old and respect ed resident of the town. <Me*srg. Birt and Co. announce that" they arc open to book dates throughout the coming season at their Murarrie works for the treatment, on growers' ac-. oount, of slieep ami cattle for export. Offers are invited by the Commonwealth Department of Home Affaire far the learc, for grazing purposes only, of certain rifle reserves in Queensland. Tenders are to be addieraed to the Works Registrar, Customs House, Brisbane. Do you know that <roup can be prer vented? Give Chamberlain's Cough Rem edy as soon 9m the child becomes hoarse, or even after the -eroapy cough apt < and it will prevent the attack. It is a* acriain enre for croup, and ha* never been fcssown to fa2L* . - 