NOTES. The English hop crop is estimated at about 370,000 cwt. A well-attended meeting was held in the Presbyterian Hall, Pier-street, on Saturday night last for the purpose of con- sidering the advisableness of forming a Gar- deners and Nursery Employees' Association. After considerable discussion it was resolved to form an association, and a committee was appointed to draw up rules to be presented to the meeting to be held on Saturday, October 14. \------- The Tasmanian Agent-General has been making inquiries in Great, Britain and Ire- land with a view to ascertaining .if it would be possible to obtain seed potatoes which would fulfil the .requirements of the Common- wealth Government, under the Quarantine Act in regard to Irish blight. He has inti- mated that neither tho Board of Agricul- ture and Fisheries of Great Britain, nor the the Department of Agriculture for Ireland, can undertake to guarantee that any pota- toes grown in the parts of the United King- dom under their jurisdiction are free from blight. \------- Referring on Monday to the difficulty being experienced in connection with water supplies in some of the coun- try districts, the Minister for Lands and Agriculture (Mr. J. Michell) stated that Mr. Castilla (officer in charge of water sup- ply) had arranged to secure 30 boring plants for the use of farmers in the dry arcas, and others would be obtained if neces- sary. Mr. Castilla was at present concen- trating his attention upon tho water supply question, and he would temporarily use the men now engaged in road clearing on any required works. The bigger scheme of pro- viding supplies from the .goldfield» water sys- tem was now being dealt with by the Under- secretary for AgricuHure (Mv. T. S. McNulty) and other officers of the depart- ment, and would come up for consideration by Cabinet within the nest few days. \---------- At the Fremantle Police Court on Monday morning, Emanuel Bros., Ltd., were charged with having on August 3, at their factory at Robb's Jetty, near Fremantle, being dealers in fer- tilisers, had in their possession blood manure which contained a Einaller percentage of phosphoric acid than the registered percent- age, such deficiency being greater than ll per cent. Mr. Dixon Hearder, who appeared for the prosecution, said that the firm of Emanuel Bros. were not making any mone 1 tary profit out of the deficiency noted in the charge; the charge was brought simply be- cause the farmer was not getting what he thought he was getting in buying this man- ure. The Government analysis showed a deficiency of 1.90 per cent, in phosphoric acid, and an excess of 3.32 per cent., on the other hand, in nitrogen. These figures show- ed that the firm was not making anything. A. fine of 40s. and costs was imposed. \--------- On Thursday of last week Mr. Gill, M.L.A., and Mr. W. Anderson, eecre ¡ tr.ry Agricultural Hall committee, wailed on tho Minister for Work6 with the plans and specifications of the proposed Agricultural Hall at Osborne Park. The Minister had previously considered all application from I residents for a gnut towards the £210 they I had subsc-ibcd locally, and had promised to favourably recommend their request on being supplied with the plans and estimated cost. The building will be of brick and stone, with an attractive front facing Main- street, provided with a substantial floor about 66ft. long by 35ft. wide, and the esti- mated cost will be £550. It was pointed out by Mr. Gill that according to the regu- lations they were entitled to a grant of 30s. for the first £100, and 20s. for the second. After buying the land, etc , they had left abput £183, which with the usual grant would bring tho total up to about £400; Mr. Anderson assured the Minister that if he met their requests and helped them to get a hall for thair various meetings tho residents would not be backward in meet- ing thc balance. The Minister promised to send out a reply as CE ri j as possible, and he could assure them that it would be favourable. \--------- On Thursday of last week Mr. Gill, M.L.A., and Mr. W. Anderson, secretary to the proposed Board, waited on the Under-secretary (Mr. Stronach) for the pur- pose of forwarding the appointment of the Board owing to the early approach of summer. The matter was discussed and the necessary arrangements are being made to elect the Board imme- diately. Plans and estimâtes of cost were supplied to the secretary so that werks on the drain could be commenced. Mr. Rol- land, assistant to the Engineer-in Chief, re- ported that Herdsman's Lake could not be drained into Monger's Lake, and that it would be costly to drain Herdsman's Lake into the sea. A plan of the bulkheads to be constructed along the drain for the pur- pose of irrigating the various gardens was submitted, showing the cost of each to be about £12 10s. It was pointed out that the residents wished for no loan, but intended to do all the work and find the necessary money, but required the legal authority of a board to control the work. Mr. Stronach promised to forward the work of the Board and communicate further with the secre- tary, and said that in the meantime they could elect their members and commence preliminary operations \-------------------- The seventh annual show under the auspices" of the Swan Agricultural and Horticultural Society will take place on the Guildford Recreation Reserve on Saturday. October 7. For some time past the committee has been engaged in perfecting the arrangements for - jtbis year s event, which, it is confidently antici- pated, will prove very successful. Sis Ex- cellency the Governor has consented to perform the opening ceremony. Special at- tention has on this occasion been, given to the prize schedule, and in addition to the usual divisions a section for wine and one for field work have again been intro- duced, while an additional prize has been provided in the fruit section to give greater prominence to this industry. A handsome challenge cup will be awarded to thc school in the Swan district making the best dis- play in school drill, and the competition will be confined to schools having equal op- portunities. The cup must be. won. in two competitions, not necessarily consecutive, to become the'absolute property of any school. The committee desires to 4»oint out that Guildford offers special advantages for in- tending exhibitors of livo stock, and. a i large number of email paddocks are being secured in which to place stock both before and after the day of the show. General en- tries close oh Wednesday next, but late en- tries (double fees) will be received up till the following Saturday. The office of the secretary, Mr. R. M. Cochrane, is at Mur- ray's Buildings, Barrack-street, Perth. Wc liave received from the secretary (T. Geoffrey W. Henslow, M.A..) 7 Vic- toria-street, Westminster, copies of the schedule of prizes tor thc Koyal Inter- national Horticultural Exhibition, to be held in the grounds of thc Royal Hospital, Chel- sea, London, iu May, 1912, under the patron- age of thc King and Queen. I.t is elated that "44 yeare have elapsed since Üie last International Horticultural' Exhibition was held iu Loudon During that period matay courtesies from time to time have been shown to British horticulturists by various" ' foreign countries, and the time has now nr [ rived when these courtesies should in some measure be returned." The site on which the exhibition is to be held comprises about 20 acres of land. It is intended that no individual person or society shall make any profit, but if there is a surplus it will be de- voted to scientific or other public purposes connected with horticulture. In the "Empire List of Honour" iu 'connection with the or- ganisation of the exhibition the following names appear urder the heading of West- ern Australia :-Sir N. J. Moore, K.C.M.G., Sir Winthrop Hackett, LL.D., M.L.C., Mr. James Mitchell M.L.A., and Messrs. Regi nal C. Hare and W. Calton Grasby. It is not expected that Australian exhibitors can to any extent compete in individual sections, but the exhibition*"- will afford a very ad- vantageous opportunity for the Govcmmeut to make a big display of horticultural pro- ducts of this State, The exhibition will be held at just the right time for many classes of fruit, particularly apples, pears, and grapes, lt is atended to organise a horti- cultural education exhibit, anet to hold a confèrênee in connection therewith to dis- cuss varióu's matter» relating to education as it affects horticulture. The following decisions have been arriv- ed at by the. Land Board on the applica- tions heard àt Cremorne Champers, Perth, on Wednesday âkd Thursday of last week :-Wadderin : Avon Location 18152 (1,000 acres), James Cusack; Avoii Location 18153 (988-acres), M. P. Cusack; Avon Loca- tion 18154 (1,000 acres), E. P. B. Cusack ; Avon Location 18155 (1,000 acres), A. and T. A. Farr; Avon Location 18159 (999 acres), Dunlop, Henderson and Hyde; Avon Loca- tion 18163 (1.000 acres), S. and J. Hastings; Avon Location 1816* (1,000 acres) D. Bailey. Avon Location 13591 (324 acres), H. Ñ" Everitt. About 46 acres of vacant laud adjoining Avon Locations 8710, 8389 and 4074, and Reserve 1312 J. J. Cuolobah. Avon Location 7405 (160 acres), I. Delaney. About 1,500 acres of vacant land, subject to survey and classification, H. V. Carne. Wokawah, sheet 2: Victoria Location 5714 (1,000 acres) and Victoria Location 5716 (999 acres), Sworn and Pickard. Simultaneous applications for various parcels of land will form the subject of a land board meeting which will be held at the Cremorne Cham- bers, Hay-street, Perth, on Tuesday, October 3\. The blocks to be allocated are Hamel lots 41 and 42, positions of late CP. 25297/55 on plan 26D/40 and 26282/55 on plan 33/80, near Benjaberring Town Site Williams Lo- cations on Pingarning Sheet 2, Nos. 8296, 7006, 9727, 8224, 9719, Wellington Location ¿759 at Mornington, Plantagenet Locations 2930, and 2931 at Young's Siding, Kojonup Lecation 6119 and 6120 at Badjebup, Kent Location, on Ongerup Sheet 1, No. 261, Avon Location 15904 on Kumminin, Sheet 4. Applicants are requested to be in attendanc» punctually at 10 a.m. on the above date. Mr. B. P. Yoakum, chairman of the St. Louis and San Francisco Railroad, has, re- marks "Bradstreet's," made some interesting observations on the need of reforming the methods of distribution of this country's agricultural products. In a speech before the Farmers' Congress in Dallas, Texas, on Wednesday, Mr. Yoakum said that the con- sumers of the country paid 13,000,000,000dol. for which the producers, the farmers, re- ceived only 6,000,000,000dol., and the differ- ence, 7,000,000,000, went, to pay costs of dis- tribution. Hence, said Mr. Yoakum, the real problem is not h)gh cost of living but high cost of selling. As a cure for this Mr. Yoakum suggested copying what others-for instance, the people of Denmark-^-are doing in the way of co-operative marketing. He j asked that the general government help in ¡ the matter of spreading information as to ] best methods and markets, and cays the j farmers can learn a lesson from the so-called ¡ truste as to this "matter of realising some- j thing more than 46 cents on the dollar of 1 the cost of their producís to thc consumers. There is nothing new in Mr. Yoakum's idea« as expressed at the .Farmers' Congress though he- certainly is to be congratulated, on the forceful way that he puts his argu- ments to the front. We recall reading in th» "Outlook" a year or'so ago a very interesting description by Mr. Horace Pluuket, tba j noted Irish agriculturist, on the Danish sys- tem of marketing. As we recall Mr. Plun I ket's articles.^he showed that the Danish system of marketing was founded on a co- operative plan, and he pointed out that tba ! chief obstaole to the adoption of such a 6ys Í tem in this country had been and would bo the intense individualism of the American farmer. However, this can be changed, a» witness the co-operative marketing system instituted by thc apple growers of the nqrth Pacific States and (heir* wonderful success in producing awl marketing their products. M. Jules Huret, writing for the Parii "Figaro" on the agricultural wealth of Ar- gentina, attributes its development largely to the . influx of Euglish -xapital- and of Italian immigrants. In 1872, says M. Huret, there was hardly 400,000 hectares of cultivat- ed land, and in 1880 the amount was under 2,000,000 hectares, while this year 19,000,000 hectares are in cultivation. Hence tho optimism of thc Argentines, who say that the country only lacks men to cultivate the soil. In 1860 all the corn grown in Argentina war insufficient for internal consumption, and it1 1884 European flour and Chilian wheat weir. ^ being imported. Thc whole life of the coun ¿Jip try was pastoral, and its wealth consisted in if the commerce of dried and salted meal, skiniL^ hair, wool, and tallow. Agricultural develop ment coincided with the growth of railway* and immigration. Railway routes construct, ed by English capitalists precoded the cul- tivation of the territory which they travers- ed, and transformed the economic aspect of Argentina in less than a generation. Luckily, too, Italian workmen arrived on the scené, for nothing was to be hoped from thc sons of the soil, who decried arable farm- ing. Argentina advanced rapidly as a grain producintr country, in spite of the opinion expressed by foreign savants, notably tho German Professor Burmeister, that the Pam- pas were destined to remain a kind of Sa- hara. The development was retarded by tho imperfection's of the agricultural imple* ments. Modern appliances are indispensable in the immense corn fields of Argentina, but thirty years ago the sickle was ip almost universal use, aud the. sheaves were thrown on the threshing flodr tinder the. feet of twenty horses, winudwing was effected by. tossing the corn in the air by the shovelful. Tho hoe consisted of thc shouldcrbladcs of horses and oxen fastened to wooden handles by strips of hide; tho plow scarcely scratch- ed the soil, and branches of trees tied together and covered with heavy stones sersv ed for a harrow. Flour was obtained by crushing the grain in presses turned by mules, and maize was pounded by hand with' a pestle. Now, thirty years later, up-to- date agricultural machines from the Uniteii States aro in general \ise, and expert cultivators are trained in provincial agricultural schools. 