[?] Mr. H. Joiiberb, son of General, Joubert, who took such a.p'i'omi-ient part in the Boer war, was one of ins 200 immigrants on board the Turakica, whick arrived in Melbourne on Monday. Mir. W. W. E. €J^auJ well, lcnowiivin' ' Australia as private secrstary io Lord Dud u,, lino « r.f. rxv rl i n & +,n iha. T-:iblin 'Gazetts,' been ap^inted 'resident magistrate ;. f or ',? King's County,, and will be stationed' at Tullamore. ' '?'/'?.' ?? . * '-,*-' ??.?-.? Professor Frederic, Beard, 'musical director; of St. Pat»«ick's..C5a'thedral,..-Melbourn3- is leaving by the :R.j\\.iyS- Orvi.etp on . No vein- ' ber 29th for a visit to Europe ancf.tli3' East.: The last special, ciisrenio. y he will direct' will be at the Cathedral on Sunday, wheu .Rojs eaau's Easter Mass will be rendered by a large choir and orchestra. ♦ « ? Dr. Cook still hangs on to his version of his discovery of the North Pole, and intends to lecture in Copenhagen in the hope that lie will conyino3 the Danish scientists that he really discovered the Pole. The other day he arrived in 'Copenhagen, and was violently mobbed by the inhabitants. The police stepped in and protected the worried explorer. ? ? ? * 'Daily Telegraph' scribes have dropped into some fine jaunts recently: Mr. Thomas Oourtenay, associate editor, was selected by Prime Minister Fisher as representative of the press of Australia at the Delhi Durbar. Another member of the staff, Mr. M'Don ald, is doing special work in China. One (Mr. Eitel) left Sydney on Saturday to join Dr. Mawson's expedition to the South Pole, and Mr. Claude Corbett is doing England ?with the Australasian team of League foot ballers. * * ?? . Mile. Lucienne Heuvelmans, the first woman in the hdstory of the Academy of the Baaux A|rts,' Paris, to win the Grand Prix de Rome for sculpture, was born in Paris on Christmas Day, 1880. Her sculpture i.s 'Electra Guarding the Sleeping Orestes.' Two y?ars ago she won the second grand prix. * Her father is engaged in artistic^ cabi net work. She took up sculptuire seriously When s1:© was eighteen. For some, years sho has been teaching drawing and modelling at the communal schools. By reason ,of her award she will be the first woman at the Villa Medicis since the French school in Home was established over. 300 years ago. * m a Th)e first lady /university professor in Ger many has just been created, in the person of Mile. Gefrtrude Jeanne Wocklsr, D.Ph., of Berne University, who has been appointed assistant professor of physics at Leipzig Uni versity. It is true that a year ago Countess von der Linden, 'privat docenlt'- at Bonn University, also received :a title of professor, but the Prussian authorities oppospd her nomination to the chair of assistant pjrofes eor of zoology. Mile. Wpckler, who has bean more 'successful, is a Swiss, thirty-three years of age, and will be the youngest pro ijessor in the only Saxon university. She Uias for several years taken a very active part in the feminine emancipation movfi unent. V .» ? « ? ?? , , Dr. Ohairles A. Eastman, a full-blooded Saoux, who has just returned from Lo .don, where he attended the conference of races, being sole representative of 300,000 Indians in America, bitterly arraigns the .whites and declares the. Indians have nothing to thank them for. He/ is a Harvard graduate, but iris wife is white. They, have six, . children. Jj(r. Eastman has been successful in his ca reer, but' is opposed to missionaries being Bent among the Indians. 'As a nation you are rotten,' he declared when . interviewed on his return. 'You have made the Indians as bad as yourselves. Until you came thej did not know; the meaning of war. Yo\\] taught them war, taught them to be thieves and drunkards. They have nothing t- thank you for.' ? ? ? Madame Melba; was 'taken in' by £ speculator vin tickets, who played on th- singer's emotions with. a story of his feebh old mother. During the week Melba re ceivied. some very pathetic letters from peopl- Who' tiriecf in vaiii to get seats for any ck the performances at which she was an n%ancad to appeaiyvand when one of : these recited the appealing story of his gray-haired mother who had come a dreadfully long distance, and desired to he«r Melba .'before she ended her declining years, ? or words to that eff.ct, Madame Mel.ba was deeply touched. ??'??'? 'We ought to do something for this pooavsopl,' she said to Mr. Hugh Ward. A couple of tickets, wers accordingly &2nt to the writer of. the latter, and he sent them to the box offica, offeri.ig the two tickets for three guineas each. Sir Thomas -Lip ton has once again express ed liis; . willingness to challenge ? for the Arrtorica Cup. But. he'makes it- a condition' tliat the raca V.i all .be .under the 'universal' rule already adopted by every yacht; club i-.i the United- States. 'All I want,', he is said ip have stated, 'is a sporting chance. If the old conditions are persisted in, the America Cup may as wall be sent to a mu seum as an interesting italic.' Sir Thomas adds: 'The irules of sixty years ago permit of an' extreme freak boat being built to race which is only fit for the scrap-heap when the raca is finished. The cup conditions ex pressly state that these rules can be altered by mutual consent. The New York Yacht Club refuses to alter them, although the u-ubs under which they wish me to race are prohibited and barred at every regatta in America. The America Cup under present conditions does not represent sport.' ? ? ? Frederick A. Chubb, 'chief revolution buster of Central America,' who landed in Spanish Honduras wearing a gauze skirt, a pair of khaki trousers, and tennis shoes, without money and a hat, has returned to his old home in Boston to enjoy a taste of ? civilisation before going back to resume his . duties as chief of detectives to President Cabrera of Guatemala. He is a Spanish j war veteran, who went to Central America with a cheerful disposition and a , large amount of determination. Pi'pspecting for gold was interesting, but the .gold declined to be discovered. Then he went to Guate mala City, found odd jobs aboiut the Presi den's palace, did them well, and was 'finally given the position of 'revolution buster.' He mixed with the schemers, leatrned their plans, and the first month in office had thir teen cheerfully plotting Americans deported before they realised what had happened to their perfectly good plans. ? ' ? ? ? '? '' ? A fine Australian and a valued worker in the ca(use of democracy, Mr. Don M'Donell, Chief Secretary of New South Wales, died at 4 o'clock on Thursday morning in Dr. Sterling's Private Hospital, Carlton. (Vic toria), after a long and serioais illness. With Ministerial honours fresh upon him, Mr. M'Doneill became ill in the latter part of last year, when be suffered from ptomaine poisoning. When he recovered somewhat he went to Victoria for a change, but in March last he had a relapse, and was for a time an inmate of a private hospital under the car© of Dr. Nihill. On May 11 he was re moved to Dr. Sterling's Private Hospital, and an operation was performed, which dis covered a growth which could neither be re moved or cured. Unfavourable symptoms developed early on Wednesday, and. as the . night advanced he suffered maich pain. Mr. Frazer (Postm aster-Gen era-D. Mr. P. A. Connolly (the well-known West Australian ? sportsman), Mr. A. P. Roberts (solicitor, of Sydney), and Mr. Hugh M'Neill (brother-' in-rlaw) and Mr. E. Grayndier remains? d ' at the bedside throughout the night. With .these gentlemen, Mr. M'Donell discussed up to, the last the work and ,prospects of the Australian Workers' Union. After onje of . his particularly bad turns, he remarked to I the little gathering at his bedside: 'I feel [ a bit bad, but don't mind, I will be all 5 right in the morning.' At 4 o'clock he , passed peacefully away. . ' .. , 3 The N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, ad \- journed on Thursday without doing any business, out of respect for the memory of the late Chief Secretary. Mr. M'Donell i was barn in St/uart Mill, near St. Arnand, 3 Victoria, in 1862. After working oh his fa 3 ther's farm, young M'Donell turned tip at \- Cobar, where he was engaged in timber cut 3 ting;. Turning his attention to unionism, he f worked energetically in the caus.,3 of thje r shearers, and became secretary of the Bourke branch of the A.W.U., and later be came hon. general secretary for the State of the A.W.U., which position he held 'at the time of his death. In 1891 he was de feated at Bourke in a Parliamentary elec tion by Mr. Waddell, now member for Belu bula. In two successive contests, Mr. M'Donell was defeated by Mr. W. N. Willis for the sarnie constituency. Then Federation came, and Mr. Spence, who held the Cobar seat, entered the Commonwealth Parliament, and so the way was opened for Mr. M'Donell. He was returned unopposed for Cobar, and only once did anyone care about trying to dislodge him.^ That was in 1904, when Mr. J. M'Neice ran as a Liberal, but Mr. M'Donell did not take the contest seriously. Nevertheless lie was returned by a large majority. The victory of Labour at the polls last year gave Mr. M'Donell the portfolio of Chief Secretary. Mr. M'Dpnell whose- home was in Sydney, never married, and his blood Relatives in Australia are his ?two married sisters, now resident in Vic- ??.. tqria. His brother diad- about two years .. i ago, and his father a year later. ' ' ..?.? : |§ I P brs omalT^ '?? — ? ? — . »o» ? '—— ?--..- I (Continued from ';'page^'2?.) I The net value of tlie estate ' of tlie late Mr. J;-' -Lass. tier, of Messrs. Las'setcer .and Co., Sydney, was sworn .. at £231,311, oi' wilich. £187,320 represented; real estate. : Lord Chelmsford, Governor of New South Wales, and Jjady Chelmsford will touch Australian soil next week. His. Excellency will travel overland from Adelaide by way of Broken Hill, Wilcanpia, Nyngan, Cobar, Wellington, and Mudgeey ? arriving i.i Syd ney, on Monday,, the 27th. * *??*.... Mrs. Esther O'Byrne, widow of the late Mr. Gerald O'Byrne, Inspector of Schools, and sister of his Honor Judge Edmunds, died on Sunday last at her residence, Alva Villa, Frazer-road, Lewisham, aged 69 years. The funeral, which was very largely attended, left her residence on Monday afternoon for Rookwood cemetery, where the remains were interred. .' The Rev. M. P. Malone (Kiama), who has be'en a patient in St. Vincent's Privat3 Hospital for several weeks past, has now so far mended that he wjWVpripbably leave the institution within the r-.h^xt/'few days. Fa ther Malone deeply i-egr:e^te.d--';his inability to attend xhe recent obsequies of his re vered relative, the late Archdeacon Dalt on, of Murwillumbah. - T ' v-' ? . ? ' ?* ...... ; The remains of the late Mr:'. Donald M'Donell, Chief . Secretary in the 'N.S.W. Government, particulars of whose death ap pear elsewhere in this issue, wers taken by train from Melbourne''' ;to St. Arnaud, a dis tance of about 170 miles, and were then Jcohveyed by vehicle 20 miles to Stuart Mill, iand interred in the cemetery where lie his [father, mother, sister, and brother. The Rev. Father Doyle, of St. Arnaud, officiated at the graveside. ,, % ?''?'- The Hon. J. L. Trefle^SliiM§r'fpr Agri ? culture, presided ove^th-e\vthir teenth an n ual Conference of the New South ' Wales Coun try Press Association during the week. The delegates represented '2S0:^i'Win':crial:Epapers. Mr. 'Ti-efle was re-elected president', which, by the way, is somewhat of a distinction, inasmuch as the position has : never been teld. by anyone in successive years. The member for the Castlereagh by sheer merit is making himself felt in agricultural circles. ??-???-- '-?????- . ????? :. ? Probate of the will .of -.-Mr.'.. Christppher William Crawley, grazier, of Junee, who died on December 14 last,, has .been .granted to his widow, Elizabeth Lydia Crawley, sole ? executrix and trustee, of his estate — -af er her. death his sons, ? Mervyn- Marmaduke and Anthony Clarence Crawley and his daughter Florence Angela Crawley to be trustees and executors.:,. The.. personal effects and the income from the estate testator bequeathed to, his widow for. life ;. .after har death, the estate to be 'divided among his children in equal shares. The net. value for probate purposes was. stated at £46,110, the . bulk of which consisted' of real estate. ?' ?-.?..? , The new' Attorney-General .. for Ireland, Mr. Charles Andrew. O'Connor,.: is fifty- five ? and a native of Co. .Rbsco'm'mo'»; He is an old pupil of the Jesuits at Tullabag, and at Trinity, Dublin, he was Senior Mode moor and Gold Medallist , of his year. Mr. O1' Connor took silk in 1894, a-d b»3came a Bencher of his Inn .at Dublin , two years later. From ..First Se'riea^t-at-law in Tre ?larid, he .was promoted, to the, Solicitor Generalship in 1909. He is a- Senator of the National University,;, a^.d ,he has acted, for some years, as ? Bon. Treasurer to the Cloneower Union, Captain O'Connor, a well known 'figure in..oauv Sou^h Goas1: shit-- ping circles, is a brother of the new At torney- General. ..???'??.... .,,.:? 