ON THE LAND FIELD. FARM. AND ORCHARD 1 . ... POR AOlilCULTUaiSTS. HOKT1 CULTURiSTS, I'ASTOUAT.TSTS. AND (J.AnDKNlinS. AGRICULTURAL. CONFERENCE PARMKBS' KXTRRIMKNTS. VAI.UK OK KXPKniJI i:\tai. PLOTS. rRrJTGEOWINC INDUSTRY. lormcH iirPOBiANT subjects niscussvaj. Thn Gonforencc of Bimnls »f Agvi culture, J''arniei*s' CJnbs, AgricultiiniJ Associations, jinii' otjicr l;in-liod nodic wns roEumod nt tlio Allic-i-t Hull yes (erd.iy morning, tlio -Dii-c-ptor oi Ami culture (Mi- A. H. lion son) pivsi-lin(s. POTATO JNDUSTUV. Hie clinit'iiiiui Kl;:tnd tlmt nltm tlio 1 ^(iiil'eronce oloscd tln- pi- cvidiie ! tlipy )i:nl t ;mi j)!,'tiT] tlio disi'iissiii:i 'on the putiito iiulustrv, -111 .tie -i j.-t best nietbodfi In Ijo oniiHoveiJ l.n j jDombntin/g potato disetiso/' hut* ft !i:ul ^ beetv the wjsh of sevoraj th^t t.lio J]» cu««ion Khoitld hi? rc-oj-oi)cd. Mv J. M'llugh lUiunst) ntm-od, 'J'hjit this coiiforonce J'crnmmoird.s tlio Gov ernment to purchase sjivavcvs und seli lliein t^ the l';i fillers at rust jjrioo and oil oasy terms.' l'aniM»rs roc*onnist*d tlmt tlie s|)ray-»ifi *\\-nild be of ^r^ut henclit to ihoin, but many --oiiJd not purchane thorn. ilr PoMon seconded tho mo tion. The Director said they iron Id shortly discuss thu -ju-?&tn-n; ot aji agricultural tunic, and tJii© matter could tlton be tnken. riio GXptH'iouce tuo tiovevn Jiienl/ had had in coiiiifotion ivitlj pprayers so far has not boon satisfac tory. Mr ]\\['I^iig)i : The people oouiH not. wink thein. The chairman said lie would admit they weiu not tho best, but an expert hud taken the matter in hand. Mv \Y. Morris (Rid^eScy) inovod 'That in tl»« opinion of this conferonce the Government be asked to romovi tlio restriction oil seed i)otaloo«s from Kngland.' .Mr F. JJvland (Kllintt) seconded the motion. The .Director said it was not a mat ter kij* the State Government. Ijjil rt came tinder the operation -,1 tho l--od- ernl Quarantine Act. lint If it- vo» tlie wish of the confereni-e ho would transmit^t to his Minister lor 'oo'nv'y. ; auee ttte Federal Government. 1 Mi* 'Hyland said hi* l»onrd eojisnl -}tod tlsat the Government should import a 1 quantity of seed, and J);id usic^'i lain i-! 1 submit a motion to tlmt e«T^;«t. He had i.'15 or £20 promised to -invent 01 a new variety of ]-otatoc^. j Jt was decided to take b;-th »-. motion. ! ' '''''Mr H: A. Nichols, M.h.f.'.. said ho won not in accord with the resolution. ?He had j»vown the ICMorndo pot.i1^, wliich was one of those suggested to b' imported, and would* not give n ponny lor It. There was a far bettor variety gron'it here, the 'Commonwealth. There were diseases even worse t.haii the Irish blight, «ml they /should take rare they ] wore not introduced. He considered j thnt the Government should tyke steps I to raise varieties fr-r seed in Tasmania, and if any disease was manifested!, 1 !.«?;) | the variety could he destroyed. Thi; | would be the only safe way to stoj- the j introduction of any new disease. ' Mr R. Croiphton flveltering) was op posed to ihe importation seed iiota- i toes into lasmarua. lie instanced tn« introduction /-f black scab tn ]'.:»tat-»-'?? in l'^Jigland from Algiers, iv'ii.*-ii ha l come under his notice. Kndesirors were made io eoiifme it to tho sirens where it was fi'st discovered, but 'Without sticce«5. aud it had spread over a large part of Kngland and Scotland. Mv R. Laird (ilooreville-r-Kul) con tended thut it would Ho nnwiee for any State of tho Commonwealth :»t the present time to import seed pot a toon. The introduction of tlie Irish blight in to the Coinmomvalth was due t-o a shipment of potatoes six years ago which had arrived at Newcastle from America. (Voice*: Question.) Ho would swear to it. A box ol' thosi potatoes were planted near his farm, und the blight had broken out. Mi Chalk, :i neighbor, sent to Scotland four years ago for hnlf a toil of th'- best potatoes. Tlie first year thov pro mised favorably, tlie lieKt year they went off, and the third year 'ho would give them awav to any who liked to take them. Mr 1-Jiird then produced samples of several varieties of potatoes, and contended that the Vedskin was the best. ' Mv Plummer (Circular TT«-nd- said to import potatoes from worsens wouJd not be ni till fair. Irish blight had not been iu the .State for more than two years. — (A voice: Yon have been asleep.) — Ho strenuously, opposed im portations when the experiments were carried out 011. say. Lord Howe Is land. The secret of the red. potsitoes was that they /covered up defects.— {Voices. No.) — Tlie redskin potato had * been « pood friend to Ta^iania, hut the white elcin was coming into .vogue. H would s?iov.- tlefcrts, yielded well, and as an article oi dieL 'ws,s all thnt could be -l-3«irod. Mr -Clingleffer (North-Western Co* Operative Company) opposed taking ally risk by the introduction of import ed seed potatoes, more especially as such good varieties wore at present raised m the ^tate. . -Vr,J.- 5:,,st- 5I.H.A.-. !,-- l,a-r tcst-;d in rvst .Austrnlia redskin pota t«09 t'l-OH-n !n Tiismniiin «nd ivliito |.u tatoes of mcjil production, and there w»s no opinparison between the two- 1 the losmaiiiaii being fur ami awav the best. * ; ?Mr Bertram (Kinp Island) said ihe' island n-as « clean district, but tha blight would no doubt make its ap- ! pf'itra nee. as they had to import from 1 the ttiainJniid. Wh.at they would like 1 tews tor t/10 (korernment to import ??Jean s-'ed. Colonel' I-oggo (St. Mary's) contend ed that it would lie better -io keep to tho good varieties at present crown in the S:ato. Mv ^T.onsford) sucyest^ that oxperiment.il plots should be establish The chairin.111 said there were two oiK'Stions in the motion. One was that tho State should raise bJight-re-' sistaut tubors. 'J'his could be done. The other «*as ouiside the conference, fltft if ihe Commouweahh introdneed new vavi^Ji-s they «honld bo kept un der surveillance in order to guard against Htu'h diseases as black seab. Ho would suggest thut in the opinion bf this conference the Minister of AgvieuU tnro he reones-tod to eomniiuiieate with Ihe Fedora! authorities with the view to the introduction of Approved and blight-resistant potatoes, to be grown under conditions which would abso lutely prohibit the introduction ol' dis 'llr H. H. M'Kie (Devonport) con siJerod that Tastiiauia was capable of dealing with the . matter, and the 'Go- vernment. should propagate a blight resi.sta ut stock from experimental plots. These latter must be establish ed, and the conference should insist 011 their being estahli&licd; Within twelve months; The. chairman said that tho wliolo matter of an experimental farni Would be considered later. The motion sts outlined by the Di rector was carried unnnimously. Mr C. C. Poldon (Kindred) ?moved to tho^offoct tli 11 1 this resolution he embodied in those which wore to be brought under the- notice of tlio Kod eral Ministers. Mr H. A. Kiclfols M.L.C.,' explained that certain resolutions wore presented to the Minister of Agriculture (Mr ?Hean) 011 the nrevious night, and a deputation would shortly leave for Melbourne to interview the 'Federal Minister on the .subject. This resolu tion could also l-e taken by the Tas manian delegates. iMr *R. lender (HidgeJcy) soeonded tho motion, which was carried. A-G HICPLTIj K-AJ^ 0J( G A N IS ATI OX. The cliniiTnati, in introducing the subject, said that this conference was the outcome of organisation. TJiey all knew his ideas 011 the subject. iHe submitted a scheme to the Minister some time ago respecting tlie estab lishment of an agricultural farm and school, and ho trusted within a short while to receivo instructions to pro ceed 'with t'ho work. It was not in tended to go as far as a high-class agricultural college, such sis those on the muinlaud. Those were expensive establishments, nnd doiug good work, but 111 Tasmania they .should walk bo fore they commenced to run. Tlie larm proposed to Ijo established was one in which a little agriculture, fruit growing, and forestry would be under taken. The work would Im- of a prac tical nature. ? Ht? mivoosed usimi tho services of ihe exports to give a series of lectures on one and every branch of the agricultural industry pn which farmers -required informa tion. The question of seed potatoes would be taken 111), ond tho results published. Those .worthless would bo cast, aside, and tests con/ined to i'iie l»e;st sorts. Tho ftcheme' that had boon outlined had l-cen submitted to the ttuards of agriculture, and they ex pressed their sympathy with the move ment, and ho would like the opinions .if those., present. Mi' L. M. Hlioobridge moved, 'That tho scheme for an experimental farm, as outlined by tlie Director, he adopt ed.' Ho said the Council of Agricul ture had moved in this direction. Tin 'application of manures should ho one 01 the primary objects of the farm, as .it present- many farmers did not re ceive the results that they should. Jt was the wish of all agriculturists to have a demonstration farm — to demon strate what had already been found in other countries. Ho hoped Mr Hen son would be able to show them what ;ould bo done on tho farm. He -Mi Benson) had wide experience, and wai quite capable of conducting sueh a Mr A. JJoatwright (Latrobe), in seconding the motion, said^thc mat tor had received favorable considera tion from tl Council of Agriculture. The farm should be on land copahlc of producing every kind of crop, olost to a railway, and near as possible t ? tho centre of tho island. (Applause.; Mr Hurst, M.H.A., iu supporting !-he motion, said a .similar resolution I was passed sit an agricultural' confer 1 once at Dcvonport- four years ago, but Mr licuson iv.ir not thou in charge of the department. He would like to son tbe matter go further, and establish an agricultural college. Mr W. Clifford -(Jlonrtrehy) express ed the hopo that tho motion would be carried. Mr H. A. Nichols, M.UC. said - imilar 1110'tioii was passed at the TjI verstone conference, aud ho.. had been deputed to submit it to this gather Colonel Ijeggo said I10 had always advocated un experimental farm, which had so tnanv times been discuss ed by tlie Council -of Agriculture. H« heftj'iiJy commended tlio sclieme iv« delegates. Mr -». M. '))arnnrd said tin* motion was an old grind. The institution of an experimental farm would be v«r\ beneficial to .young immigrants wlic desired to settle iu Tasmauia. AJ present t-he.y roijld not pnin 1experinnc unless taken on private funns. Th press' iu Tasmajiia had done .*1 grea1 deal for aar-ioulture — (applause) — am1 lie would like to see departmental re 1 ports published in tlio daily papers ; and not confined to tlie agricultura' ' jounjaJ, uliicii fitany did tiofc open, al 1 t.hough he must say that it had beer i improved. | Mr H. H. l^fKie 'Dcvonport) Rait' I ♦ I'nt. ?T^«iMmn» was the onlv. pl'o« ; where there 'was no agricultural edu-i cation. j I Mr H._ Robinson (Frankford) said jthe 'Agricultural -Gazette' was only [cpnfiued to hraucli boards, but it ! should be enlarged and made available for every producer iu the State. ' They 1 all recognised what tho Council ? of Agriculture Jujd done, bqi its, useful ness ima been ? impaired |-ltrn\igh the waiit of an bUic-hd iiead.. Sir Jf. l.nird (Mooiovilto-ioad) sai.l if- the '?Ciay.ette' was available to braiich hoards^ why should all agricul turists iioi join some such organisa tion. ^e*iVR* M*Dpnald (Thirlstone) anu A\ . H. Ctmnor (Queenfiurough) ?Mr M.' Nichols (15,1st Mer.sci) said 1 ho was a member of a branclt bo.ud, j but it. was over six mouths since I10 had seen a copy of the departmental publication, }dt hough frequent appli cation iiad been made for it I iio: secretary -Mv L. A. Kvans) : lout- sprretary is in. the iiospital. .}Jr Aic/joJs: les, iiut previous to gouife there he had .Written for it. Mr O. Uidjey (Shofiiold), ill sutiport nig, said tliat many State scJiools wore giving the ih-st principles ' in agricul turo, anil were deserving of cvoit com mciidntmn and assistaiice. (Applimso.). oniSTiired the rea son ollcct had not iioen given to reso lutions passed ut conferences. Thov should shpw a united front. J'hd Young sup ported the motion. 1 Mr 1,. M. iShooliiidgo said it would be uuuiso to discuss the Jocalitv of tlio fann, as each \ioiiId want it in liis own particular (hstrict. It would !.,- far better to liuivo it' to the Director. Tbe chrtirman sahl he was glad to got such a nnsrnimouR opinion in sup port of the motion. As to tlie oucs tion ol general education, tliov wci*c handicapped now bv not bavins n proper phico to carry it out. l^ast I year they had to go tu'Fardoo for the dairy schools, and this shotdil not '»-*? An to .State school teaciters in Spiv South \\\ ni™, thov wn- tiniKht tlio simjiloi- nidiincnts, ivhii-h tliov 1111 fi.-irtod to tlio srliolnrs. As to tlio l.lriii itself, ho wiahed tn ni:il;o it us fill- 11s jiosmIiIo typical of Tiisiiniiii.-i lilt, pninniv fnotor in t|w wlcolimi of a site was that it should possess all the required soils. Jt should ho on ta railuav line, ami the several other questions ivmild li.-ive to ho taken into consideration. If thov Ion tlio in ittor ni Ins h.'imls ho ivnuld do all ho iios sibly could. (Applause.) 1 he motion was carried unanimous ly. . The chairman said that the next subject. Jor uas ''Farmer's hxpovinientK.' 'lo carjv out experi ments in districts was 'the best. ckIu cation for the farmers. It wis to this end that the Hoards of Agricul ture had been re- organised in Tas mania. As head ol the department lie could not succeed without he had thoir sympathy. About £2(J0 had been spent this year by the department on experiments. He hoped to receive suggestions as to the best way of Mr C. I. Knight (Frankford) mov ed: ''J hat every facilitv and encour agement he given- to farmers willing to carry out experiments under the control oi the Director or Agricul ture.' .Many farmo-s would be un able to attend the experimental farms, ihe soils in the various parts were so khlforent, and i|i tihesw experi ments the back-blocks man woujd re ceive consideration. Mr G. -M. Barnard, in seconding, snid that many Jarmcrs would carrv mit their experiiuents for nothing, and as conditions were so varied in' different districts, gvoat good would result. Grass that would flourish in one part, would do no trood in -m. other. Mr H. Sliool) ridge* considered tb at farmers experiments _were tlio most' Useful of^ any part ..of educational work the 'department could take up. There uliould be tabulated records of the experiments carried out in Tas mania. The farm should be in ihe centre of the -State, from which the experiments could be worked, and they would have there the different climatic and soil conditions. - Mr 7\ Tanner (Carnarvon) 'and Mr \Y. Clifford (Glenorchy) supported tho motion. Mr A. K. Moore . (Harrington) con sidered thai experiment.* should bo made on the eradication of black berries. Mr -H. A. Nichols supported this suggestion. a« lie liaj one black!? 1 ry patch that coveied liltv acres. tLa' ^1:- ier.1 , Sir Brujnby (King Island) soid the vnlue oi experiments in a new disiiic-t such as King Island could not lie over estimated. Mr T. Telford iT:ib!e Cape) referred to experiments with the -bhickb* riv post, it being eaten down by «hoop. Mr \Y. K. Shooiiridgc suggested that fxperiments should be made with al! noxious needs. Mr 0. Ridley (She/Held) said the 'jlarkbeiTf was one of the most scrims pests the farmers on the North-'\Ye-r{ ('oust had to contend with. The s ih 'ee.t was of sueh importance that it dinuld bo included in the agenda paper. The chairman would like to receivr suggestions as 10 dealing with mixi-m*. .veed-i. Mr T. R. Addison (New Ground) aaid in many instan-M?s the tanner whs ?voo lazy to tnko stops to eradicate th«^ blackberry pest. H«» then proceeded to speak on winter foddej- for sheep. A general discussion then ensued, in which several delegates gave oxix?ri ?Mices of Angora poais in eating down blackberries, in every instance the ani mals eventually eradicating the pest. Colonel . kegge referred to oxpfri ments with grass, and hoped, wln-o tho experimeiitid farm was inviitnted special attention would be - paid to pliilaris ^commutataj which, bad beeu most' successful, » Mr V. T. Jones -Yolla) dealt' with the necessity for experiments. TJie chairman said he was prepared to supply, limited quantities of grass seed 'to branch -boards, .He was also prepared to experiment with the cratiination .of blackUeiTie.% on lines similar «lo dealing with tlio prickly pear in Qtioeusi^ur}. He would cut1 them down and ihon spray rejientedly with arsenate of soda, to kill Ulie roots. He.*w-»uld ivot say tlmt lie 1 won't! succeed. There was a danger , of stock getting on to plots and eating I the vgung (.hoots., I STATK AGliif ri.Trn vi. mvi; Mr Urumby (Ring Island), iti intro ducing the subject of a State Agricul tural Bunk, said that some delegate* irom Kit^g Island had been struggling ? lor fifteen tloys to got to tho epnier-j ciice, and he had only arrived that morning. He did not expect to be call- 1 od upon to introduce tho subject so early in the day. He Mould move, j 'That this conference ask the Govern- I ment to institute inquiries as to the 1 working ol agricultural banks, and when such investigation had been made to consider tho desirability or! otherwise of bringing the matter be- 1 fore Parliament.' If thov would keep tho young, men iu the island, thov1 would be accomplishing a - good work, hut 1 hoy wanted also to attract popu lation, tho ..same as tho other State? were doing.. When . taking up land, men find ihat tho cost exceeded their 'anticipations;, and it was difficult to pot capital to utilise tliat land. The 'est Australian Act had ?been ilm I. I moans of land hitherto neglected being [mado a va.luabln asset to tho State. Jills would -be simply a recommends vern , conference to the Go Mr Hurst, M.H.A., in soioudiim tlie motion, snid ..t present thore „as an Advances to .Settlor* Act 011 the statute book, but it was not work able. He suggested that tho motion should he amended, so as to make it more on the linos of an agricultural bfink to assist settlers. He' reviewed similar Acts iu operation in other' States, pointing out how widelv thov, assisted the settler. It was we'll that ' something more iu that direction be done for the sett lets in Tasmania than in the past. He could not «iv thov could go NO far as thov did iii Won Australia at tlie present time, but ther could assiwi the settlors in ihe hm«k blocks. Ho did not see why the Tas manian Government should' not pro ceed on the .same linos as Victoria on loans for. Silos. The cry was, no money, hut -the motley was not being given au-ay. ; L Mr 13 rum by- agreed to have the wording of the motion altered, so as to make it an ^iinendmenL on tho Ad vance« to Settlers Act to help the settlers. - , Mr .1. Helton, .M.H.A., said it had always -been friromprohoiuiblo to J;jm why tho Govotjiunoiit of Tasmania had not come into line in this mat ter with those of the opior States. The young men wore leuWug the land, because thov eould note get ihe inducements which tho otk-|* Governments were of fering. A reffily comprehensive bill waft required.. It was a wise Govern ment -that put & ho people on the laud, but it was a sivi«er Government thai ?kopt thorn here. (Applause.) Tho motion was carried unanimous ly aiAHKETJXfJ OF FRt-JT. Mi* 'H. Shoobridge rend tho follow ing paper on 'The Marketing of Fruit,'' prepared by Mr IV. K. Shoo ?^jridgo Tbo seizing of jfruit is a sori- i ou's 'matter lor growers. It is not j much use producing unless we can get a jair return for our labor. In order I to turn apples into money, we nm«t- - li iid people able and willing to buy. j Methods of uurkotiug are improving so .much, .that unless wo -enn keep ii]) with tho proeossion- we ? shall get left. One. of the most important items is evenness and -regularity of grading. We have, to meet many classes ol buy ers, and ij' we do not suit their vari ous wants we cannot get the best re turns. In my report of the .Fngli&h; market, in H)0o, after throe months of careful inquiry into tho whole of the trcide. I snid: 'One ef' tlio first tilings is even grading. There are ? -such different elates 'of buyers, that I we nceo t' study the requirements ol each, and when they find that all of tlie «jiuie brand and mark can be de pended o» to torji out an even Aam pW. t hoy will )-i»l more freely. In tnixud sjitnples, they only bid 011 the wo'st, and iu some cases they will not bid at- all. Spot-iOc buyers only re quire a certain sninplo. and the rest are mil wanted. 'I his is especially the case with those who huy far the best shops, and. who will give the hiphest price lor uniformly good fruit. Those ivhe b»'d for smaller apples are quite a distinct class, and ' will give more lor an even sample of small than for mixed, ( lean, bright-colored fruit will always seH. if graded and marked, vo tliat huver.s n»av rely qiv the tpiality.' . ''I believe, when growors real ise that the mice thov get for their consignments depends upon the grad ing *a:id ijuality of their fruit, that a higher .stand trd u ill be maintained. 'We do not realise bore the different clashes ol customers that have to be catered for. but wo must help the agents by preparing our fruit- so as to be sold at the greatest advantage.' Mr George Munro, the leading com mission seller of Coven t ''Garden, said in i\ Jctter t r» mo on the f.ondon' mar ket : 'Grading; 1 quite 'agree with .you in the necessity of careful grad mg. :u we find some customers want nothing but No. 1, or large apples, whiJo others can use and pa3* a go./d price lor ihe smaller size. The net result 011 properly graded fryit always comes out better. Distributing as we do all over the country and abroad, it is m»ir-. important lov its to hav them properly graded than it is lo' thos* who sell by auction. Wo never have to do ibis.'' Messi*s. Nothard and Loue, one of the largest sellers of t anadian apples, endorse what Mr Munro says, and say : *'It is most un wise to mark, apples, 'Selected,' 'Kx tra.* or anything of that kind, unless they are np to the standard marked and sonic buyers prefer small ap jdo.s. a distinctive mi\rk should be put on them.' Messrs. Knill and Grant. auctioneers, ot Aionmnent lard, say; -4Wo cannot too strongly recommend shippers to grade their fruit correctly, and us far as possible to give buyers ouch confidence in their mark that if the boxes contain small, medium, or bold fruit, buyers can dei-end on find ing only fvuit of this description all tl'iougli the package, 'nnd we ha\'o not tho slightest doubt that shippers will reap a dccidcd benefit from following this method uniformly, hut the buyer of bold fruit doer^ not rcouire small,, and vice versa.' Messrs. Woodall and Messrs. Connolly and Co., Liverpool . also agree with thorougli grading, and, after naming several of our leading sorts, say:, 'Any large, colory apple is suitable for Livemool.' 3t is jiece6 «wry to have large lines of even grad ing. to prevent waste of time iu sort ing, handling, and selling. tf we want to maintain a standard of value, wu must have .1 standard of quality, t' At present wo have several hundred growers, nuU the uuipbcr is inoreasiug. find however they may try to- grade,, I* is certain they cannot get the 'bvon quality. Iu distant markets buyers do not trouble about individual names, iliey may know a tfew of the large brands, but the bulk of names are uii moaning. They are only concerned as to the grade and quality of what thov t-n.\\. n« know in our own experieuee ill stock salt-s Ihe di/fe/ouce of grad i«S, il n Jarge (ot of. say, .«SOO even ' 'fuT T' ' ,''co ,s s''n ' L '11.'': \'r »?- day, nlld tf.ov ?no then -jivi,].-,l u,, sln„,| , , , he various if (i, v ^ lo or £0 little lots, from „ils rollers VOU cannot. maint.*u*n i.;«i. ' , ? ;.pn'osnndA I u is j,,6t 4,1,1 ' t™ i»,'.-fi.,r'.:sVior 'Li ^ 'rn,aw-„„;n,p, »'?'» --'J trio, ti7t ' ?;hl» 'l-n^t into. Tho only pas' lirco lots 0-v-' Kr:'d'iip of B»;.leds nT'i'iiipj;;' in'ii ' ^ uiarlietahlc lnii' oillioi ''''x1' 'f h'v in«r it,. +'1 4'' '''^''S* «r cidormak wTst«i Hm '0t iXl\ :-VI)U- to «astetl. 1 hero would bo onlv ono c«r ut HIE ne.u a Mat, mi or ivli.-nf. a ,oo ? f r-nriage woulj |„. snvoH T)r lnfonor Uu.t r„„|rt ,)(J d--alt )ri deal T„V. ?! ri''lisP a'1'' One liac -„,ly lo mi lluoinrh 11, n anl -1, si riots at „i,.tin„ ,ilm. t() ^ the u.,v large ]ioioent,i(:c. „f was„. S '''S'1 |n give a tl.l , i i ' H'°'M '' ,,ou'' l'»v tlw M-ol,. oust ot running u,n Of oourso no groiver doulns tho iwlvonl tago of SMol, a system. ,vl,iC],. indood. . .}' ''|l tho lll.lst tuocossfiil inilhoil of liuadluiK larj-e qnamilios ol f Iiut— there aro alunvs lnns .l'rn'iV'i '? Ciwver, o,,.| i ;V ? 7 T with. ? e.ioh one think, ho „.ld-, „ni| k, W lien 400 growers trv this thov 400 different grades'. It ' .n^™' '' does not really matter to growers linn it is '.lone. SO long as they can get tlie most money. )j' /- grmt-or sends 100 eases and JO ,iro first B,a-Je. 40 are sooond 10 aro third, and 111 inferior ihon. if No. 1 average* as, No. 2 4s' No. ,3, 2s iid. aud inferior Is.'he wouhi got just what his -fruit was worth. Another grower, oui of his UK) might got ;20 U irst. 41 »\'eond, 20 third, aiid JO inferior, and ho would get full taluo, but 1 think Jio would try next year to gut more of No 1 least jthnt is :tho genera! 'effect. Hitli, say, 20 b'rnuds, instead of -1(H). tho whole cvstem of marketing would oi ana concoutrated, with better returns for gro.trors, and a more reliable article for the buvors. I be lieve the only satisfactory way of get ting it done is through * the State' or municipality, preferably the State, be cause it would ensure more uniform ity. and could be 'iollowod up with nn txpori agency hero and at. the selling market, that would safeguard grow ers* iuteroct« until their fruit was ac luallv sold to customers. Of course, thore are objections to cl:,t0 in- orfer- onoo, as it is called, bui I should call it Shite assistance. :md a-- we all have a hand iu appointing the managers of tho State, it is out own fault if wo do not put on suitable men. and, of course. like tho Yankee's politics, 4,if they don't suit, they can be altered.' »Tlie most sui0ces=.ful «instan;.-es ol ! the business of grading aud making ready -lor market are run by the State So it can be done, if we agree to think it ought to bo done. Ho moved.' ?'That thi^_ conference ask the Government to erect and equip a packing shed, as an experiment, in the first tiis.trict to apply for .one. and 'ill give r. guarantee lo ship the requisite quantity of fruit therefrom.' Mr Ij. J. Collins « Uingarootua ) sec onded the motion. A delegate considered that thr packing shed should bo erected as near to a deep water port as possible. Mr S. Brumby (Cressy) supported the motion. Mr Haley (St. Helen's) said sueh a shed would be of vast benetit to the fruitgrott ing iiulustrv. Mr W. Clifford moved as an amend ment, 'That the Government be ask ed to establish a grading depot at the ports of export at Hohart aud Jiaun cestou.' Mr H. Robinson, in seconding, said tlio success would depend either on Parliamentary action or co-operation among fruitgrowers. It might moan a step in tho direction of an ex porting department. * Mr R. Croighton (Kettering) said ho had been instructed by his hoard to oppose the proposal, as it was the thin end of the wedge to do away ' with orchardists shipping 'on lJieir own.' He did not believe in tho complication of boards. Ho believed iu the best brands commanding tho best- prices. Mr Margetts (I3pper FJowordalo) said bis district did not grow apjdos, « exoont kangaroo apples, but ho could speak as to the grading of potatoes. Ho agreed with the main features ol Mr ShoobridgeV contentions that grading was most important. Mr W. H. Connor (Quecnhoroiigh) was a thorough believer in the grad ing of fruit. To get a price now this iiad to bo adopted. Ho had soon cases of fruit wliich should not bo sent away. Ho urged on tho growers hero to use as little branding as possible. Mr Ij. M. Shoobridge snid the paper reiterated the expressions of manv growers in the south. Tf thov used fire brands and properly graded thov commanded good prices.' lint onutioii should bo exercised in passing a reso lution such as the one proposed, as it might gain tho fate of others and be come pigeon-holed. Careful packing of fruit was necessary. The reduc tion of the number of boards was ne cessary, but it could bo brought about, by co-operation. The growers should decide on the brands and grade, and each district could have its distinc tive mark's. Fuller this tlio buyer could got returns for his own fruit. There would be no difficulties if tlio matter was left to the State, but it could bo decided by the growers them selves. Mr Steel Traill (F.xotor) said it j would be a mistake to apply to the J Government to do tho grading. Mr O. .1. Knight ' Frankford^' con sidered tho ouostion of a shod was out side tho subject . 'extension of fruit growing.' Tho chairman said that Mr Kntaht wnfc out of order, ^ as the discussion w*f on Shoobridgc's paper. Mr Robinson, as seconder of the amendment; said that, every effort should bo mado in tho direction of co- . operation. Tlio motion was 'lost, as was also tl»o amendment. ] Mr F. Freeman iFrank-ford) moved j as a further motion, 'That. paoki»' should b« erected in the several j frnitcrowimr districts by tho STrnit growers . Without Government snp noH. Ho sabl? ho had listened care fu^v 4o the debntes in the conference, and there had been an absence of self-voli'Miee. h wic j^n to the Oov ernmeut for everything. The Cov [ eminent provided the .exports, ami) tho orchardists and agriculturists should relv ninro on themselves. Mr W. '.J. Blackmail -l-Y.ui!;i:M sec onded the motion, which wr.s ? import ed I iy Mr Clifford. The chairman said ho was tlie old I est fruit expert in Australia, and al I ways a supporter of co- operation. 1 (Applause.) The motion was carried, i NEW MARKETS. The chairman said there was one question not on tho -notice paper, hut which was of gre;»t importance, that of lighting lyttor pit. Mr C. 1. Knight moved, 'That the Director of Agriculture, take steps to enquire from luiropc, America, aud South Africa to ascertain the -pmu- tity of apples they would like, and if there are any difficulties in shipping from Africa.' If the motion was car ried and the enquiries made it would be of great assistance to those engag ed in fruitgrowing. The chairman said it was a »tall or der, ami business for business men., Tliov had to find thoir own markets The experts would advise them how to grow fruit, hut not to find market^' for them. Mr IJ. H. M;Fio snid he wished t second the motion. The clta'irhiati 'I cannot talvo it. 1 cannot, recommend it to my Minister. Air M'Fio contended that thov niigh; as well recall thoir Agent-General and save the £1000 :l year, Mr P. Tucker (Scottsdale) support ed the chairman. This was no niattci for tho Agent- General, but for thi fruitgrowers themselves. A vote Mas taken, which resulted in the opinion that it was not to be a direction for the Director to obtain the information. The chairman said he would do al' that was possible to got tbo informa tion. but did not unnt to take it as a direction from tho conference. Mr Stool Traill inovod, 'That- it be a recommendation from this confer ence to Ministers to amend tho Codliu Moth 'lax Act so as not to tax vonng orchards until after tho third year of planting.' He spoke of tho hard ships imposed -m voting orchardists, who were put to great expense in spraying, etc., before the trees came into bearing. Mr I1'. J. Hyudes (Franklin second ed the motion. Mr W. Gowans (Glengarry) would support the motion il' it was anicnoet in tbo direction of certain exemptions by the Fruit lh-ard. Mr A. Boatwright (latrobe). Mr V. Tucker (Scottsdale), aud Mr R. Croighton (Kettering) supported the Mr Gowans moved an amendment to the effect that municipalities bo em powered to tax vonng orchards if no cessavy. Mr C. 1. Knight sooemded. The question whether tho exemption should be for one-year- old trees or t hreo-vear-old orchards was debated. Mr M'Kie contended that if unless there was a straight-out question there would bo endless 'trouble. The chairman s;iid that was com pulsory, and that would meet the Tho motion was carried, two voting Mr S. Shoobridge moved, 'That in tho opinion of this conference the re solutions passed by tho Minister of Agriculture in Melbourne to employ Dr. M 'Alpine in connection with the investigation of hitter, pit be strongly, endorsed, and the Ministers be re-, quested to forward the resolution to tlie Federal Government.' Mr Ij. M. Shoobridge. in second ing, said thov should climhiato the name of Dr.' M-Alpino, as iliey had no right to dictate who should beem plovod. The Director said that the confer ence in Melbourne decided to appoint Dr. M'Alpinc. Mr Robinson said that while en couraging scientific ' research they should get- tho opinion of practical growers. The motion was carried. PIG 1NDFSTRY. Mr R. Terry opened tho discus sion on the pig industry. Ho said : '*1 feel thai 1 have a very important, subject to deal with. After listening to tho debates on vnvions farm mat ter*, if. seems that the -real profit to the farmer must oouie from -what aye known sis the smillcr industries, which consume, nnd, properly man aged, turn into profit the by-products of the fann. I think that 1 will not be saying too much if it is claimed that ipig keening will to :» very large 'extent mnkc or break the dairying in dustry. For if one takes away tho pig there is »t; tlie present time no other profitable outlet for thnt portion of tho cow's prodiictj— «lcim milk, the value of which does^iiot seem, to lie thoroughly understood' by tho average farmer or pig raiser. Some over estimating its value, others underes timating, and still othei-s feeding it to the pigs in a -wrong and iiinj)rofitablo system. 1 have carefully worked ont the fooling value of separated milk, and based its value on threo popular Tasmanian. grains, peas, barley, and oats. Five hundred pounds of separated milk is equal in feeding value to one -hundred pounds of an equal mixture or the grains I hove mentioned. Whey has n feeding value of 1 33001b to 1001b of mixed grain, therefore it would )-o seen that the by-products from tho dairy is of great importance in tho economy of feeding pigs, aud pig rais ing is of material assistance iu put ting the balunco on the right sido of tho ledger to the dairyman. It is not iii.v intention this afternoon to discuss the question of feeding at tho present moment. Judging 4jy tho con dition of tho pig market, tliero aro matters of a more immediate import ance. The market tit tho present timo is glutted. Some of the bacon fac tories are congested : hence a slump ,und low pric(v». They (the factories) 'are blamed for this condition, but I think 1 will bo able to show you that we must in a groat measure look clse tvhere for shoulders, on which -this blame should rest. 1 will endeavor to treat this matter from a practical and commercial standj-oini, and to jget down to -bedrock wo 'must first con sider what a consumer requires. Tlio tastes of the public as regards bacon have undergone great -duUiges'~''5ir— '? comparatively recent, yon«s. ireopie t will no lunger purchase large fat heavy sides as formerly. What is required is a side, of 4incou weighing from 401b to -.VJlb, or even a little heavier if tho side is long and loan. When 3 say ?Joan I do not mean in a .starved con dition, but with a good nroportior- of ieau moat- in comparison with the fat. Further, to miivt present day require ments, the bacon or hum must bo mild cured; and of a pleasing appearance to tho eye. It might be snid that thoro is no trouble for tho farmer to pro duce a pig which will give a side of bacon weighing, -wo say. oOLb, but here ir the crux 'of the whole position. There is more than a more weight to bo required. We want- the piimest joints or portions of that side to he ' as heavy as possible without injury to the constitution of the pig; in other words, a small shoijdor is required, a big ham .a good loin, and a iwoll floshed fairly thick belly. Tf tho bacon industry i.« to go ahead as it dionld do, farmers must pay attention to the storekos«v|-ors' and consumers' requirements. Some little time back iu Hobart a pig breeder was talking to n»* about the price the retailer ob tained for the cured article and the price tho fanner obtained for th© raw material. He had seen loin rashers marked up at lid per lh. T went with him to a store, picked out two sido.s of bacon, which were only ono pound difference in weight, but there was a, terrible difference in shape. 1 -^ut those sides into two joints, aud asked the storekeeper to put. the usual prioos upon them, and tho good typo side of bacon worked out 9s 3d more cash to tho store keeper than the ugly side of bacon, which was prnotieallv the same weight. If the loin and ribs will sell at lOd or lid per lb, atid the ham the same price, and the shoulders (id fo 6jd, does it not stand to reason that wo want lo strive to produce a pig which will give us as much of the prime cut/* as possible, instead of as now, in mnuy cases when the shoulder an. dhead is taken off tho pig is practically Jost. Then there is tho question — and it is a question _ that fanners must face if they are to have a profit- able market for their pigs — is that tho period tliat thov feed baconers must bo consider ably extended. The Tasmanian bacon factories — I am speaking of them now as a body — are considerably handicap ped through being able to procure a steady supply of pigs. No sooner do their customers get used to tficir particular brand of bacon- than there is a. falling off in the pig supply, and certainly the factories cannot supply their customers all tho year round. This is, indeed a serious onatter, not only to the bacon cuvor, but to 'tho farmer, l-eeauso if the bacon factories cannot obtain good prices for 'the ished article they cannot giro youi good prices for the fpigs, and a large amount of their output must be look ed upon and sold as job lines. (A. storokoo)-er has no sentiment. Ife is catering for his customers. J3b gets them used to a cejtam brand of bacon, and ho makes a .injslako— -I tun' speaking from years of 'experience— 4f- he changes that- brand, unless Si is more or less n permanent -change It is this fact that gives some of tlto» Victorian brands the hold they have in the State. .Not- the fact that tJiey are better than, what we can produoo,' hut the' fact 'tJiat tlie storekeeper caQi with full confidence order a certain i number of sides of a certain weight,* and he knows what he is troing to have: sent to him. Why fihould, ifo© store- ' keeper change, and puichese job lines*, unless their pricc is so much below the ? article ho is satisfied with. that itT-nys' him for his extra trouble an^ risk P - Speaking of job lines brings us to - another phase of the industry— -Uiat . J l3io fewer brands or wparuto cures j there are in, tlifi State, Ihe eooncr t-he industry ?will i»e on sound Lines. I don't jnetuo- for one moment tliat there should b© only one or two fac tories in the State; that would not be assisting the farmer. If there wei'e monopolies, the farmer might oljtain a vervH poor price for his pigs, ? what I do say is this: that there should not be any more factories tdian possible to serve tlio various districts of tho State, and farmers would do well to seriously consider the question of their not curing bacon for sale. Of course, curing for their own consumj-- tion is a different matter. Further, tho bacon factories should meet and endeavor to fix standards or_ grades for their products. I 'want this result to be brought about. Number ono or No. two grade bacon, as the ease may I«a ' aha unrf.inii of tbe State, shall bo as near jas ]-ossiblo in «4-pearanoe. flayor, etc., to the same grade manufactured ih any other locality. So that when one asks for Tasmanian bacon of a certain grade lie knoiws exactly what will be sent to him. AYhcn this line Sia.*» come, to gether with a. regular supply for fac tories, -we shall then shut out bncon from tho mainland, because it will' not «pay our storekeepers to import it. «Wc shall turn the tables and export. I want to aippeal to the common sense of tlie farmer on this question. Let him read the market reports : he will often (find that vjien bacon is quoted at a certain price remarks as follows: 'Farmers' lots, Id, and oven in some cases 2d per lb, Jess, or 'hard to place. ' ' Now, it has rost the farmer as much to produce the pig , wliich ?made that home-cured side of Imcon ' na the pig which Ihe sold to the fac tory to bo cured. The pig in each in stance, wo soy, made 1001b or bacon, Bint. fneinrv m-t.ielo returned 1 or a cwt more than tho farmers' cure did; that as an avoidable* loss to the State. Further, it is depreciating tho fame of Tasmania)! bacon, ai:d these cases tend to reduco the price of the ?whole. I fee) strongly on this subject. 3 am not going to quoto you at length ?what other countries do, but one brief quotation — and 1 am quoting some thing which I know at first hand, not something which I have, heard or read about. I know no finer illustration of tho value of a standard article than ?' (Danish butter. Now, why is Danish butter on top of the market quota tions? Simply because it is 3)anish butter; and if you, buy one case of tihat butter you know that tho aiext day, rweok, or month, that the next ? case you purchase will bo just tho \- same, the only difference hoing it naturally changes when it is grass but ter or stall fed. 3 know thai we can not reach the same perfection in bacon as this, but otir endeavor should : he to get as near as ]-ossibIe. Mr .1. 1). Telford Ciablo Ctipoj ' would like to know something about , the frpsjen work industry. If the ftirraera could get JJd per lb it would pay handsomely. He moved, ''That it is desirable that the (iovorumenl should endeavor tn establish a trade with frozen .pork and lamb with Eng land. Mr Terry said he did not think it ? would pay for farmers to export, if the best class of pork would realise 6d per lb. Small pins for pork were required on the English market. Thero was an outlet thoro for bog meat. Mr O. Ridley (Sheffield) seconded the motion, and remarked that he Iiad prepared ono in u similar form, v The chairman took it that the de partment should make all enquiries, ?. and then leave it to private industry to deal with the markets. In tho discussion which followed se veral delegates emphasised that the matter was closely allied with the dairying industry in mixed farming. What was required in connection with pig raising as \\\ oil as in other branches ;was inspection, conforjuity in size and class. * Mr 13. A. Nichols considered in thisl connection a market should be obtain- j ed for bacon at a market that would | pay for the production. Unless this I was assured the hiieoir industry would I not go ahead ;is it should, I Mr Terry said he did not entertain 1 much hope lor smoked bacon being; sent to England and compete withi tho articlu placed there. Tho whole of ! Tlio American bacon sent to London was sent in green, with the bloom of it tho satno as tho English article. The one thing required bore was to regulate the market. ' Mr ,1. C. Newton (Launceston) said that the main point of argument seem ed to be distributing tho product. Unfortunately the greater part of the pigs came in when the bacrtn demand is slow. Tasmania had been breed ing a nondescript brand of pigs, and the bacon had commanded not sec ond, but third class grade. He ven tured to say that the Tasmanian ba«*on NArould realise a very low price in the: English market. If farmers would, devote themselves to feeding pigs for. January to December aud more sys tematic in their breeding the effects would bo more beneficial to them selves, tho factory, and tbo consumer. The low price of bacon was the fact thap.-t.hG A icfcorian article was being ?shipped here, and some Tasmanians were unpatriotic enough to purchase tlm .cheaper imported article. He con sidered the expert should spend six ? - months m going through tho State and advising farmers. .' Tho chairman did not think it was necesary to take a motion. The matter could be threshed, out by those engag ed in tho industry. Jt was his in tention to ask Wr Terry to get to gether those directly interested, and see what could bo done. The motion was carried. FORESTRY. Colonel Ijegge read a paper on 'Forestry in its relation lo agricul ture.' Tho chairman said the thanks of tbo conforonco were due to Colonel Lcgge. The midlands required such slater belts ol tbo pinus iusignis vc ieiTed' to, while besides sheltering stock was a valuable product for tne timber industry. Tho samples sub mitted by Colonel Legge would be handed over to Mr Osborne, and would be on view at the departmental offices. I Mr L. M. Shoobridge 'said that Colonel Leggo bad referred to tbo ne cessity for shelter, and this was a matter of much importance to agricul turists. It would J-e wise it the people began to plant suitable trees. Air H. Foster said that the pinus inKiiriiic fTi-mvmcr in tlio midlands was free from :uiy disease. Tlie planting of belts would alter tho whole charac ter of the niidbmd.s. Mr .1. :Oshorne (flovernment fruit expert) said the pinus insignis would be of great vahio to orchardists for providing timber for fruit eases. There was plenty of land in the fruitgrow ing districts 'doing nothing at present which could be adapted for this. Mr 11. Shoobridge said that Mr \V. K. Shoobridge' had prepared a paper on conservation, but as the hour was late he did not. intend to read- it, but it would ho published. CONCLUSION. The chairman said that this con cluded the bnsiiu'ss of tbe eonVej-once. The delegates could only show their appreciation to the Mayor and the citizens of Launceston for* the enur tesv in granting the free ?'use of the Albert Hall by according a hearty vote of thnnkc. A similar compliment was passed to the press, tbe departmental staff, and the chairman. 