TARIFF REVISION. •N ON -POLITICAL BOAED ' SUGGESTED. Melbourne, May 30. ! -.A deputation of representatives of the Associated Chambers of Manufactures pre sented to the Acting Prime Minister (Mr. Hughes) to-day the resolutions adopted at the conference in Launceston. Mr. A. Wunderlich (Sydney), president of the Associated Chambers, said the pre: sent preference to local goods based on a 15 per cent, advance was inadequate for the altered1 conditions of trade. They lioi>od the Government would be prepared to keep work in the country by giving very subetntial preference to Australian goods. The circular issued by the Controller-Gene ral of Customs, asking for information tor use in tariff revision has caused great heart burning in all sections, for.it was of a. too far-reaching' character. It required such information! that manufacturers even if cry ing aloud fo>r more protection could not ami would not disclose. Manufacturers, how ever, were : prepared to go before a non political permanent board, and give on oath verbally all Ithe information now demanded. They urged- the Government to establish a tariff board to take evidence in all the States, and assist Parliament to reach true decisions. Mr. J.' M. Joshua (Victoria) presented two resolutions urging the appointment of a tariff board and tariff revision, having regard to -the many anomalies existing, and its I ineffectiveness as a pro tector ot Australian industries. Manufac turers throughout Australia, he said, wished to impress on the Government the inadequacy ;of the tariff. He did not say manufacturers were in a distressed condi tion, and required au immediate amend ment of the tariff. That would be an ob vious misstatement. Manufacturers were generally well looked after, but an im portant'section, and a large number, were suffering because of the inadequacy and anomalies' of the tariff. The Minister had taken the right step in asking for confi dential information from manufacturers, but be had gone too far, and asked ques tions' concerning the inner nature of manu facturers' business which no manufacturer making profits would answer m order to get more protection to increase those profits. ■Mr. A. McNeil age. president of the Vic torian Chaipber of Manufactures, urged pre ferential trade between self-governing por tions of the Empire, and effective fiscal preference lin Australia for British goods carried in British ships. Mr. R. Hogarth (Tasmania) said manu facturers had agreed that the field of choice of immigrants should be widened to in clude all approved immigrants of the white race. Australian manufacturers should have the best skill available, and in some lines of industry this, came from German and Danish laborers. Mr. T. Hogg (Victoria) asked for the prohibition: or indecent and dangerous drugs and .'preparations from entering the Commonwealth. • » jit. ttugnes, in reply, said the ^Minister of Custom^ bad sent out his circular so that he might obtain trustworthy informa tion to guide him in determining whether further tariff assistance was necessary to particular.industries. -. - That information would be confidential. He was aware that manufacturers- were in a particularly pros perous condition, and it any of them .were suffering it'was not on accdunt of the tariff. He gauged! from lpha't the. deputation had said that it did not want the tariff re opened. (Hear, hear.) He was a free trader, but' since the people had shown un mistakably: that they desired a tariff, it appeared to him that the thing to be done was to give them an effective tariff, so that they 'might have what they wanted. (Hear, hear.) The aim of the Minister of Customs h^d been to learn where the ano malies were and what industries were in adequately- protected. To what feature in the circular did the deputation take ex ception ? The information that was given would be treated as confidential. He could understand that they would be loth to say anything that would give their competitors an advantage. The Controller-General of Customs had a large amount of confidential information continually passing through his hands,. and no case had been ever dis covered where any of it had slipped out. He could not .understand the dislike of manu facturers to disclose facts which were es sential to; enable the Minister to reach a satisfactory decision. They were! ready to submit their facts to a tariff board. Why not, then,; to a Minister? Mr. Joshua—The thing which is objec tionable to most manufacturers is that they are asked to give three years' balance sheets. The circular asks us to disclose our profits, and we say it is not germane to the tariff whether we are making a hundred or a thousand, per cent, profit, as long as we don't extract unfair prices from the public. Mr. Hughes—You want the Legislature to make an alteration in the law. Now, I submit that before you can expect that to be done you must make out your case. What we are asking for is information bearing directly on that. All tftat you sa> does not detract from the fact that you are prepared, to give that information t9 a permanent tariff board. The question whether you are making 100 or 1,000 per cent, does concern us, because we are here to see thjit the public does not pay too much for goods manufactured in Australia. You ask for a preference on tbe Govern ment's supplies. Surely we have a right to know whether you can'make out the case- for what you ask. I am not opposed to a" tariff board, if it can be shown that in no othpr way can Parliament deal ade quately with the question. There must he somebody! in any case to make the recom mendations to Parliament, and we think the best Way is that which the Minister of Customs has adopted. < .Mr. R. Hogarth — Will that information be made available to members of Parlia ment? • Mr. Hu&hes; said it would be available only to the Controller-General and the Minis ter. The policy of the Government was to encourage! immigrants to come to Australia, particularly for rural industries. Artisans would coine of themselves. Mr. Fisher, who was bow in England, was by his very visit, doing magnificent propaganda work. The various points submitted should have the careful consideration of the Govern ment. : 