I jug BUTTER INDUSTRY. I BRITISH EXPERT'S VIEWS. I aneUMlTED MARKETS AVAILABLE. THE MOISTURE QUESTION. I By "CASEIN." I A British butter expert (Mr W. F. I Crichton) representing Messrs W.Wed- I L and Co. Limited, London, who are I Mtensively associated with Australian I and New Zealand dairy produce ex- I norts, is at present in Victoria. Mr I Sriehton reached Adelaide on May 27 I bv the steamer waceuunw. I lime h© has visited the principal dairy- I toff districts in South Australia, New I South Wales, and Tasmania. Last week Mr Cricbton returned from the latter I State to commence a short tour through I Victoria. He leaves for New Zealand I this week. I Mr Crichton. who was the first hon. I secretary of the British Committee of I _ n„ttr.r TTYinnrtpTVC is the fiTOlS ! I panisu jdix.LCX — I managing representative of their Man- I Chester branch. He has had a lengthy | experience of the dairy produce depart- I jnent and was one of the British depu tation which met the Danish farmers I an<3 merchants in conference in Copen- I bagen about two years ago in connec- | tion with the vexed "official Quotation I question. Having _ re-organised their I business and established agencies with distributing centres in all the large I towns throughout Great Britain, Mr I Crichton claims that Messrs Weddel are I able to bring the producer in this I country closer to the consumer than I ever before. In this way. Mr Crichton I states, intermediate profits are done I away with, and the factories getting I higher prices for their butter and I cheese, are thus able to return better I prices to their suppliers for their cream . I or milk, as the case may be. A speci- I ally marked map of the British Isles ; I shows the extent of Messrs Weddel's I distribution. There is scarcely a town I of any importance where the firm is I not established, and to which they I are not now sending butter and cheese. I IMPRESSION? OF AUSTRALIA. I Mr Crichton has received a great im- I press-ion of Australia from his short I stay here. He is of opinion that Great I Eritsin does not really realise the gem I of a colony she possesses. "What you I want,1' remarked Mr Crichton, is the I right kind of immigrant.'' He thinks I he can influence some of the right sort I to come out when he returns to the old I country. "Mr Crichton has already se- I cured a place for a young Scotchman I and his wife. He has written to them I to come out, end hones to see them I settled in charge of a dairy farm before he returns home .about the end of the year. I IMMIGRATION MATTERS. "Why do not more settlers come out to Australia?'' Mr Crichton was asked. "'Weil," was the reply, "for one thing, I you are a great distance away, while I Canada, vliich is boomed by the Go- I "vernment there fi r all it is worth, is nlv a s:x or seven days' sea passage." B Can you sugg-.st anything to bring I them here instead? i "Yes," he replied. "Let the Govern- I Went here boom the country, as the Canadians do, and I arn sure tliey I "ould attract the right sort of settlers, swd especially with the closer settle- I tnent and irrigation schemes now in I operation." I t _ AUSTRALIAN BUTTER. I Yhat is your idea with regard to | Australian butter'.'" was asked. I rep-lied Mr Crichton, "I have lee" Sume ot" "ii- finest butter no-sible made in Viei,-ria." o e( W1-T R did not inake as good I Mrr-- -d' ;'n ariaval in London, I biiNn0ni"" I'-n'l£li t,ut Hnat Australian I Practically only a season's I llluJ®n ta"s -'ear shipments had «pnns.0n .rt through the winter. I Britic'inaUan "tJUtlers arrived on the I wwk nrkttS tvery -veek iike clck- Sw'd'i i v ' kln' asain> Ure Danish and I dav d tters can be made on a Mon- I retailPr'Ped that v'i?ek- and be on the I tog Mem i COu,lter;= for sale the folio w- I at leo-' Ua" ' a ller; as tbo Australian is I offered1 weeks old before being I geJut 8ale- Although in a refri- time- ifc does not I retailer '1 when placed on the I his Q-S DaniSh- I Or&anisation; \ , KS new distributive butters thil lntr<3uced Australian or Swedish ® Pa- season where Danish lan 11 rSSid Ti0usly held tIle sway- If he felt eerHm etr suPP!y could be had, Iter of tin TVl W0Uld oniy be a mat- ouid, in 0!; e Australian butter 1-anyase fce sold in pre- meoi&mmiMx.; Th£ manipulate the "official quotation" to suit their, own ends, ror>©ne thing, would cause many merchants to discard Scandanayian butters altogether. Mean time they were not able to do so. "Then you strongly recommend Win ter dairying?" Mr Crichton was4 aslced. "Most certainly," he replied. MARKET FOR CHEESE. Mr Crichton stated that he had the 1 pleasure, since his arrival, of examining i the finest cheese in Australia he had ! ever tasted. New Zealand exported a I large amount of cheese, for which top prices were obtained,. and what he had j seen here convinced him that Australia i could compete. So far, only small cheese had been exported from Austra lia. "What is wanted," said Mr Crichton, ? is cheddar shaped cheese, of about 801b. I of rather soft make (but not too sort), J silky texture, and either white or brick i red in color, but mostly white. America used to send a large quantity of cheese to Great Britain, but of recent years I there is none coming through." He | understood that this year America had j started again, possibly owing to the re- I ! duction of the tariff on Canadian cream. | But with the large increasing popula- j tion of America lie thought they would ! I never again be a competing factor for j | the British trade, as they would be able ! j to consume all they could produce with- out much, if any, for export. MOISTURE IN BUTTER. Mr Crichton's attention was called to the fact that the Federal Government had reduced the maximum percentage of moisture allowed in butter exported from 16 to 15, and was asked what he ! thought of this step. "Well," he re- i pheci, "no doubt the Government lias | reasons for the reduction; but it seems strange to me that, seeing the maxi- j mum is 16 per cent in Great Britain, S the Government here should insist up- I on 15 per cent. The butters will be sold on markets . where the recognised maximum is 1 per cent higher." Australian butter, Mr Crichton con tinued, generally arrived well within the 16 per cent, although there were in stances of the limit being exceeded. He thought the average was somewhere about 14% per cent, so that the fac tories were very careful. Often, how ever, he had found what might be termed a butter of "free moisture," con taining less moisture than what ap peared in a "dry butter." How will this reduction affect the far- i mer? was asked. "I am afraid," replied Mr Crichton, "that he will suffer, be cause at present he is paid for his cream on the old basis, and I fancy now that a new chart will be ' worked out, by which the factories will purchase croam, and as far as I can see, the dairy far mer will get 1 per cent, less for his cream than hitherto." U li AJJirsta buritK. As far as his firm was concerned, the butters sold on the British markets were sold entirely on quality. In such case grading was not required, but in j the case of f.o.b. or c.i.f. transactions, j some guide was required as to quality j purchased. Then grading was cssen- tial. i INDUSTRIAL CONSUMERS. | Mr Crichton's headquarters are in ; Manchester, where, within a radius of ; 50 miles, there is a population of : 15,OCO,GOQ souls, many of whom, have not tasted Australian butter yet. He hopes next year not only to increase the saie of Australian butters in Manches ter, but in many o ther parts which have been almost wedded to Danish. He j thought that, with his firm's organisa- j tion and determination to introduce j Australian butter and cheese into every j shop in Great Britain, there was no ! fear at all of this country over-produe- j ing. He also pointed out that there was a demand springing up from j the continent of Europe for butter, and j last year his firm had sent over large supplies of Australian, which met the demand splendidly. The industrial world of Germany, for instance was in creasing rapidly. That country, in stead of being on the exporting list, j was now a buyer, as it was able to con sume more than it could nroduce. I The trade in Great Britain, too. was looking up, as would be seen by# the Board of Trade returns. Mr Crichton, who is clGsels connected with the industrial world at home (being a director of one of the largest cotton spinning mills in | Lancashire), is of opinion that the trade at home is on the eve of another boom, which, of course, will increase the consumption of butter. ENCOURAGING ADVICE. Mr Crichton strongly advises Aus tralian farmers to engage largely in j dairying, and to get the very | best stock. A bad cow, he j urges, eats just as much as a I good one. He also strongly recom- j mended the Australian farmer to copy ! the Danish system of milk production. The farmers there paid great attention | to their herds after procuring the very j best stocks. Thus, they received the j largest flow of milk possible. 