Civic Reception. MINISTERS AND MEMBERS EN TERTAINED. In the Municipal Council'. Chambers this morning, ttve Mayor and coun cillors tendered a civic reception to the Minister lav Works (Mr Daglish) and the Minister for Lands((Mr. Jas. Mitchell). Incidentally, Messrs. Wm. Patrick, M.L.C., and Messrs. But cher and Troy, M's.L.A., were offi cially welcomed to the town, as was also the Chief Engineer, Mr. Thonu. son. After the toast of the King had been honored, the Mayor proposed the health of the Ministers. It was the Council's intention that morning to bring several matters of areiit im portance before the visitors' notice, chiefly that in connection with the buildiiic: «,f th-? new railway station and yards. The Council desired to know justi in what position they stood iu regard to the matter. Mr. Mitchell, iu responding, sai«'. that he was glad to again visit CJer aldton and to note the great pro irrcss of the town and district, al though the progress made was pos sibly not commensurate with the .splendid country surrounding the port. He had seen the Commissioner of Railways in reference to the start in?; of the work on the new station, and he (Mr. Mitchell) could assure the . Gpraldton Council that if any de iav occurred, the Mayor, an-! not Mr Short, would he to blame. It was uc eessury for the Council to immedia tely close that portion of Mariue Terrace affected by the new scheme, and when that was done the depart ment would nii.ve. The Commissioner, was anxious to start the work, so that additional railway facilities would he available for the handling of the next harvest He (Mr Mitchell) hoped that, when the Council had fin ished with M:. Daglish, GeiaMton would he on the highway towards get! ing the new station. ?»fr. D'iglish sincerely thiuiked the Mayor for the reception accorded him He did not anticipate meeting Mr. Mitchell ('the talking member of the Ministry'), nor did he expee'j to see so many other members of Pailia ment present. The complimentary remarks passed hy the Mayor in te f.ard to himself, he took as a coni pli-nie-nt to the Ministry of which he had the honor to belong. With re gard to the work done by lh« Wi'son Administration, he (Mr. DagUsh) would quote the biblical words ' by their fruits ye shall know Ihem,' and tho Ministry were nuite satisfied to l-e judged hy the works done s*r ce they assumed office. Th2 present po licy was one of development and pro gress, ani none knew better than the r-j-o]-k« of Geraldton thai such was the only true one. It was impossible for any Government to itnnlaut re sources into the countrv or to send the rain anil sunshine, but a Ministry can formulate and develop a policy which would tend to pr-.giess. The cjood work done by the present Par liament would continue. At present in W.A. the cry is more labor. The Government has thrown open vast areas, and the increased cultivation incidentally demands more workers. Everything possible was being done to meet such a demand. A vigorous policy of immigration was going on, and was working satisfactorily. Re ferring to agricultural and other rail ways, Mr. Daelish said that, while railway bills . were being introduced in Parliament last year, it was said that the Wilson Government were on ly bringing them forward to dangle them before the eyes of electors. That such assertions were untrue wa.s proved by the fact that a start had been made with all the railways the bills for which were introduced last session— (hear, hear)'— and this fact should show that the Government were not satisfied with only propos ing a thing. Figures would shoitly be published by the Public Works De partment, which would show a year's record of work done that was un equalled in the history of the State for a similar period. There had been a cry that the present Government wks bringing too many people into ihc State, but such cries only came from those who mav be clashed as 'Little West Australians.' Influx of people into a country always brings prosperity with it ; when a State is stationary wages are down and stag nation prevails. New-comers bring with them the demand for housing, work, and clothing, and increased iuisiness results. West Australia was big. enough nol only for all the pre sent population, but also for as many .is can be. got to settle ir- ihe State, increased population was mi additio nal safeguard to Ihe defence of Aus tralia. With regard to the- serious business which he understood the Council were t.o introduce to his no tice, Mr Daelish said that he pre ferred not to interrupt the pleasure of so conviviai a gathering. Business iK.-ttters could be left till later on, 'when there was no com- on the table, or, if there wa-a a cover, when there was nothing on tie cover.' (Laughter.) Mr. H.. Carson, M.L.A , proposed t-»e toast of 'The Visitors.' Mr. W. Patrick, M L C, in re S5-ondinsc, sai,i -that he was astonish od at !)^^ considered a visitor or a stranirer^Iio always considered him seif 75 per cent, a Gc-1-.iUkonUn. (Mr Danish : 'You're a three per cent. Gerald tonian now.' Lau-iiior.) Mr. Patrick referred to the urgent neces sity for a new railway station at Northampton, and stated that with the present facilities it wwhl be im possible to deal with tLis teASon's wheat crop, which, it w-is anticipat ed, would be three times as large as last year's Ore from the Baddera mine was now coming in making ad ditional demands on the railway. Messrs. Butcher (Carnarvon) and Troy, M's.L.A .. and' Thompson also responded, ana the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Mayor. 