EMPIRE NEWS. The I3|-inçh guns on JJ.M.S. Priseera Royal will be nine tone heavier and seven ' inches longer than the ' »«l 2-inch gun« on H.M.S. Invincible.V '-Their' mueijj« energy has been increased tc- 60,000 foot tone. These "îrapro vernen t« are said to compensate for any effected in thc armour on foreign warships. * W. and A. Macarthur, Ltd., has lectured dividends of S| per cent. <u preferential shares and 2 per cent, cn ordinary shares. The company has ndded £3.000 to thc re- serve fund and has carried £799 forward. The Melbourne City Properties Trust made a profit of £6,713 during the past year. Tho company has declared a dividend of 3d. and has carried forward £538. - ? " Shaw, Savill, Albion, and Coi has declared ' a dividend of 5 per cent, on ordinary «hares and a similar dividend on preference sharon. The company has' carried forward £8,696 out of a profit of £37,993 made du ring, the past year. Mr. Hamilton Wiekes complains of the apathy of British, manufacturers. During his recent provincial tour he communi- cated with 138 ferins with représentatives in Australia, but only ll of them mada appointments with,him to discuss busi- ness matters. The initial íests of the airship built for the Admiralty'by Vickers, Sons, and - Maxim have proved satisfactory. The airship, which is capable of carrying 20 persons, has 20 hydrogen compartments in order to protect it against deflation by a single shot. . In the House of Commons last week Mr. E, Crawshay-Williams (Liberal) in- troduced a Bill to extend thc franchise to all male and female adulte. Mr. Winston Churchill (President of the Board of Education) promised a depu- tation last week that in framing his Shops Bill he would safeguard the «alu of Sunday newspapers in view of the fact that Sunday was the only day on whick many of the workers could find time for reading. The Marquis of Lansdowne has given notice of his intention to introduce on May 8 a Bill for thc reform of the House of Lords While awaiting a conciliatory sel.tJc mcnt of the immigration question during thc next session bf the Union Parliament Mr. SmutB (Minister ÍOT the Interior) offers to . issue temporary certificates to educated Asiatics ia the Transvaal pro- vided their passive resistance- of thc exist- ing law is suspended. For the past year Thomas Brown and fions Ltd. made a profit of £33,256. The company has declared a* dividend of 2& per cent, on' ordinary shares, and has added £10,000 to the'special reserve fund in.addition to pro- viding £8,749 . for dividends 'on preference shares and carrying £11,134 forward» The .Melbourne Trust Ltd. «ade a profit of £27,317 during the past year.' After, de- claring a dividend ^of 6¿ per cent, thé Com- pany has added £2,001 to the reserve fund and has carried £6,823 forward. < Mr. W. T. Stead, in à letter to the "Times," strenuously protests, in tho name of religious liberty against thé per- secution, of the Mormons in England. The . crusade for the exclusion.of those persons is, he asserts, the result of an outbreak' of sectarian savagery. In the House of. Commons Mr. Birrcll (Chief Secretary for Ireland) stated that the police believed that thé children of Mrs. McCànn, whose case ex- cited' considerable controversy in Belfast a few months ago, were with their father jin-the United States. M. Hovgaard, a Danish officer who is Professor of Naval Architecture in the United States, in the course of tc news- paper article, asserts that the Declaration of London is distinctly unfavourable to threat Britain, for by reason of her geo- graphical position Germany is able Lo obtain food supplies by land and sea.» The Lord Chamberlain has notified the leading dressmakers in London that the nobble skirt will not be allowed at Court functions. The super-Dreadnought cruiser Prinoess Boyal was launched at Barrow last week, ¡She vessel, which cost £2,062,000, has a displacement of 26,360 tons, and engines of 70,000 horse-power capable of develop- ing a speed of over 28 knots an hour. Her jmain armament consists of 12 13.5-inch guns. Speaking at Newcastle last week the Postmaster-General (Mr. Herbert Samuel) said Che Government had resolved to pass the Veto Bill without alteration and to in- troduce a One-Man-One-Vote Bill and au Irish Home Bule Bill immediately after- wards. The Veto Bill would be used to facilitate the very necessary and oom filote reform of thc House of Lords. A British military expedition of two columns to Tong Hills, in the north of the Gold Coast Colony, has just concluded a week's successful fighting in rocky ?country against rebellious natives. The British casualties were not serious, al- though the rebels used poisoned arrows. During last year the British and Foreigu Bible Society issued 7,000,000 Bibles, Testaments, gospels, and psalters, published in 432 languages, and also a cumber of embossed Bibles for the blind, the latter being published in 33 lan- guages. The disturbances at Canton have de- veloped into anti-Manchu riots. The Viceroy has been compelled to take refuge ftt the Admiralty ornees. Twenty thousand troops have arrived in the city, and many of the rioters have been executed. A Gennau gunboat has been despatched to Canton. The London residence of the Earl of Crewe (Secretary of State for ludia) was damaged by fire thia week. As this is the second fire that has taken place on tho premises-within the last few weeks incendiarism is suspected. The Earl and Countess of Crewo are at present in Italy. The London newspapers highly praise Mr. E. Bertram MacKenual's sculpture, the Buller memorial, and Mr. George VV. Lam- bert's picture "The Mask." They all pro- test against the action of the Royal Aca- demy lu skying the latter, which is de- scribed as the finest nude study of the ex- hibition. Mr. Birley*s portrait of the Coun- tess of Annesley is commended. Thc Turkish Artillery Commission, which recently visited England, Prance, and Germany, reports that the naval guns constructed hy Armstrong, "Whitworth, and Co., and Vickers, Sons and Maxim arc immeasurably superior to thc guns made ou the jContiuent. At Worcester this week Mrs. Wilesmifch (a well-known Christian Scientist and prominent Salvation Army worker) and Jier bailiff. were sentenced , to two years' j imprisonment with hard labour for hav 1 mg brutally ill-treated a girl 13 years of age. Mrs. Wilesmith's 6on,' who took fiart in the ill-treatment of the girl, was dealt with uuder thc First Offenders Act and was bound over to come up for sen- tence when called upon. The sculling race for the championsh'p of England, the "Sportsman's" Cup au I 45200 a-side, between W. Albany and E. Barry, " the holder oï the championship, bas taken place on the Thames. It Avas 4 good race to Hammersmith, where Albany wis leading by a couple «f lengths. Barry then went to the front, and drawing away from his opponent, won easily by six lengths. Thc time for the race Wa»23miu. 2sec. .Tosepli Smith, one of the Mormon pre- sidents, denies that his co- religionists .practise .loose living and polygamy. He invites an investigation of the conditions «rf life existing in, Utah. The "Times" asserts that in 190G Joseph Smith was * fined for unlawful acts. It alleges that he confessed to a committee of the United States Senate that he had five wives. The "Daily Telegraph" states:-"An Anglo-American Arbitration Convention will probably be signed within the next fortnight. It will include an arrangement' whereby a special agreement will be made in each case in which disputed matters arc clearly defined. Great Britain re- serves to herself the right before con- cluding any special agreement affecting the vitál interests of a self-goverinng do- minion to obtain thc concurrence bf that dominion's Government." His Majesty the King, in a letter to thc Lord Mayor of London with regard to thc récent meeting held in the Guild- hall in support of the proposed' British , American arbitration treaty, states he is gratified that thc resolutions were car- ried unanimously, in view of the supreme ánd fac-reacking importance of arbitra- tion. t Thc Labour Party has initiated a memorial to the Prime Minister -asking for a disinterested inquiry into the ques- tion of Cabinet pationagc. Mi. P. Snow- den, M. P. (Labour), ' admits that his party has benefited -by such patronage recently, but he explains that so long as there is the game of grab every party will grab. Nevertheless, the grabbing ought tb end. An enormous meeting in support of the \- British^&mcrican; Arbtration Treaty Was held in the Albert Hall, London, last week.' The speakers- included Mr. Asquith, Mr. Balfour, and Sir Joseph Ward. Thc Imperial Education Conference, before concluding its sittings this weekj agreed tb the formation of a standing committee in London to ensure con- tinuity and to organise a gathering ¡u .The shipments pf meat from Argentina '. *xnd Uruguay to the United Kingdom .during April comprised 208,500 sheep, 102,600 lambs, 114,750 quarters of frown fceef, and 133,750 quarters of chilled beef. H.M.S. Conqueror, one pf the contin- gent Dreadnoughts, was launched on thc Clyde this week. -The-turbine armoured croiser New Zealand (18,800 tons), building by the Fairfield Shipbuilding Company, at Coven, on the Clyde, at the expense of the Dominion Government, win be launched by Lady Ward (wife of the New Zealand Premier) on June 29. Labour members iii the House of Commons and trade unionista are informally conferring with a view to a new amalgamation of the Labour Party, the Trade Union Congress and the General Federation of Trade Union- ists in order to abolish the overlapping of the three organisations, to effect economy in ad- ministration and to strengthen the Labour Party throughout the country. Mr. Lloyd George hopes to introduce the Budget on May 15. 