OER LONDON LETTEJR. A MYSTERIOUS MURDER,. HEIR TO A GREAT FORTUNE. LONDON, Jan. 6. The affair of the Houndsditeh assass- ins has intensified the demand for more rigour in excluding undesirable aliens. Unfortunately, as a correspondent of 'The Times' who has studied the East End alien anarchist at close quarters, points out even when Russia demands the extradition of a refugee criminal, there is always an outcry. One hav- ing been arrested at Winnipeg charged with murdering a Russian detective, denunciation of Russia arose through- out Canada, and the man was released on a technicality. 'Politicals' have been deliberately favoured here. Lord Gladstone expressly directed, when Home Secretary, that every immigrant claiming to be a 'political' should be given 'the benefit of the doubt,' a direction even worse, perhaps, than his rule, whereby vessels carrying not more than 20 aliens were exempt from the Aliens Act, instead, of vessels car- rying not more than 12. London magistrates have long been complain- ing that the deportation provisions are a farce, the deportee commonly return- ing very shortly. At Bow-street, this week, a Swiss porter was convicted of stealing an overcoat. He had twice been deported since June, 1908. Even if te Act is not strengthened, its ad- ministration by the Liberal Govern ment need not be so lax as it is. Tot- tenham and Houndsditch have shown us what the Russian political as. Some advocate compulsory registration and periodical report to the police, of all foreigners; others that the police should have power to deport any man who cannot show cause to the con- trary. In many quarters there is a feeling that the 'battle' with the Hounds- diteh anarchists was over-sensational. Some, including 'The Times' and Sir Harry Poland, think that the police, properly armed, should have been cap- pable of coping with the incident with out military assistance. 'The employ- ment of soldiers is, except in cases where large numbers are arrayed on the side of disorder objectionable,' says ''The Times' — the qualification evidently meeting a possible objection that Mr. Churchill was blamed for not using the soldiers at Tonypandy during the recent South Wales strike. As to the personal presence of the Home Sec- retary to direct operations, 'The Times' regards this as ''not business,' and hopes it will not occur again. One London correspondent of a New York paper reflects some British opinions in calling it 'an unnecessary piece of self-advertisement.' Most general is the criticism of the appearance of ar- tillery as preposterously melodramatic. The idea was that the siege must some how be finished before night. In the Grrman press there is much ridicule of 'the besieging army commanded by the intrepid Churchill;'' and the chief of police, sarcastically likening the pro- ceedings to 'shooting sparrows with cannon,' boasts of the peaceful man- ner in which the Berlin police 'en- ticed' out of his house an, anarchist bomb- manufacturing cobbler in 1908. On the other hand the French press warmly praises our 'exemplary meth- ods,' particularly relishing the bring- ing of artillery on the scene. BODY IN. THE FURZE. Between the Chapham Common mur- der and the anarchist affair there is a growing inclination to suspect a con- nection. At 8 a.m. on Sunday, a police- man found among the furze bushes, near a path on this South London common, the body of a middle-aged man. He had been dead about five hours. The head was savagely bat- tered, and there wore three dagger wounds in the body. a silk handker- chief, folded, lay across the crown the head, tightly tucked into the coat collar. The dead man proved to be Leon Beron, a French Jew, born in Russia, brought up in France, and resident for 15 years in England', own- ing some small house property. .How came he on 'Clapham Common in the small hours of Sunday, his abode being in the East End? Apparently, he was seen late on Saturday night, in an East End Kosher restaurant with a man with whom he had been there bofore. A taxi-cab driver says Boron with a foreign man and an English woman,, engaged him at London- bridge, telling him to drive to Clapham Common. They stopped him at Kensington, rath- er more than half-way. The woman got out, and Boron declined to pay for the other man, saying he did not know him. The cabman threw the woman's muff after her, not liking the party, (he thought them drunk, and that Boron did not know where he was), and left them. Since Boron's gold watch and chain, (with a £5 piece), was missing, and only a halfpenny was found in his pocket out of probable £12, Vul- gar robbery seemed likely. But it is remarkable, that he had lived for the last three years in Jubilee-street, which is parallel and only a few stops from Sidney-street, the scene of the anarchist fight; and his brother is said to have declared on Sunday, (two days before the fight), that he would search overy house in Sidney-street, to find the mur- derer. And now, at the inquest, the doctors reveal the startling fact that an- 'S' had been cut on either side of the dead man's face — evidently with mean- ing in it.' [We have been informed by cable that a verdict of wilful murder was re- corded at the inquest against Steincr Morrison, who says he is a native of Sydney.] HOLLAND'S FORTIFICATIONS. For some months the mystery of the Dutch Defence Bill has attracted in- creasing attention, and German pro- nouncements during and since the trial at Leipzig of British officers for espion- . age have added keenness to this sub- ject. The bill is so strange that even Dutch opinion is not satisfied, and in spite of Ministers' talk of 'State se- crets,' further explanations will prob- ably be pressed for, when the bill comes on in February. The point is, briefly, this — The bill, demands £4,250,000 (about equal to the total annual charges for army and navy together.) for coast defences and the navy. Now, as the military correspondent of 'The Times' has shown in detail, while Hol- land's navy and coast defences are in good condition for defence against any existing navy, the case is otherwise, with the landward defences namely, the fortifications along the lines of in- undation works towards Germany. Why neglect those and spend money upon the coast? Who is the prospec- tive enemy? Some Dutch replies to British criticisms point out that the possibility of German, no less than of British, attack by sea, must be contem- plated. But 'The Times writer makes the obvious reply that a German at- tack would naturally be by land. Then there is the proposed fortification of Flushing. This would enable Holland to bar access to Antwerp against the powers which the guarantors of Bel- gian independence and neutrality. Apparently, the Dutch view is that such access would not be barred if Belgian neutrality were only threat- ened, but should be, if it were actually violated and Belgium were therefore at war. Since the occupation of the Dutch seaports would be of immense value to Germany in war with Eng- land, and the violation of Belgian neu- trality in the event of a war with France, there is a suspicion that Ger- man representations menacing or per- suasive, are behind the Dutch action. But there are other aspects. At the Leipzig trial, the prosecuting counsel and the naval expert endeavoured to show that the officers' operations were part of a comprehensive British design for an offensive movement against Germany. The German press took this up, representing that a British plan, of sudden invasion without declaration of war, was as good as proved; and the 'Cologne Gazette,' particularly rubbed in the moral, for the benefit of Holland and Denmark, Now, the 'Marine Rundschau,' a monthly publication of the Imperial Navy Office, argues elabo- rately that British policy in war with Germany would aim at control of the North Sea; that the British home ports are too distant for close blockade of the German coast; and that England would probably break the North Sea agree- ment, and carry on the blockade from neutral Dutch or Danish coasts. The intention to alarm Holland and Den- mark is evident. It may be due to genuine German alarm. But another interpretation is possible. The Reich- stag elections are coming on, with sweeping social-democratic victories probable. Either to avert this, or to rally the Fatherland afterwards, a for- eign coup might be useful — I do not say necessarily war, but something stimulating to German jingoism, with the possibility of humiliating rival pow- ers . Might not championship of Holl- and's 'rights' say at Flushing, afford the opportunity for picking a quarrel ' with England or France? 0ne remem- bers how Bismarck got at Austria, via Schleswig-Holstein, and at France, via the Spanish candidature. 