TRADE WITH RUSSIA. The Consul-General's Views, Jlr. A. N. d'Abaza (Consul-General in Australia for Russia), who is at present in Adelaide, is an interesting personality. lie lias travelled widely, aud tpeaks the Eng lish language fluently. Born in Alexandria, where his father is a Judge of the interna tional Court of Appeal, he received his edu cation abroad before entering the Diplo matic Department. Since then he has filled appointments as Consul in several tropi cal countries, and immediately prior to comiDg to Australia six months ago he was stationed at Alexandria for five years. When interviewed at the South Australian Hotel on Wednesday Mr. d'Abaza informed a representative of The Register that since his arrival in Australia he had not had an opportunity to go outside Victoria and New South Wales, and he was now taking ad vantage of the chance of making a hurried visit to Adelaide and Fremantle, to meet the Consular Agents in South Australia and Western Austraba. He had a double mo tive in going to Western Australia at the present time, as he wished to meet his father, who is making a sis weeks' hob'day trip to the Common wealth. For the time' being be said lie was making Melbourne his headquarters, but he fully expected that he would transfer the Consulate office to Brisbane at an early date. A steady flow of immigration had set in to Queensland from Russia, and as the new arrivals travelled down from th'e East by way of Japan, Brisbane was the first port of call. Already some 500 Rus sian subjects had settled in Queensland, and were doing well, while he quite ex pected that man; others would follow; —Russia's Commercial Awakening.— The reporter suggested that Australia could do with more population. Mr. d'Abaza admitted that fact, lut he said Russia required the services of all her subjects. The population of Russia is 150,000,000 people, but this only represents one and a small de cimal fraction to every square mile, and large fertile tracts have still to be deve loped. Russia was only now beginning to awake to her commercial possibilities. Un til four years ago, apart from grain exports, no effort was made to open up markets for produce. About that time he received a let ter from a private trading firm asking for advice as to the possibilities of placing cer tain manufactures in Egypt. The reply he had furnished bad led to such a growth of trade that the Consul's office in Alexandria was now inundated with correspsndence dealing with commercial matters. There had been such a large increase in produc tion in Russia during the last few years that manufacturing firms were compelled to look to outside markets, and efforts iad al ready met with marked success. An excel lent advertising idea had been devised bv the' Russian Steam Navigation Company; which had fitted out a large steamer as a floating exhibition of Russian produce and manufactures. This boat had visited every port from Odessa to Alexandria. This move on the part of the company had resulted in a greaily increased demand for Russian goods, and, although the advertisement cost about a million sterling, the shipping com pany, expected to reap a big profit in ex port freights. -Trade With Aostralia. Asked whether he was doing anything to induce a greater volume of trade between Russia and ; the Commonwealth, Mr.. d'Abaza said he was constantly engaged in that direction, and was greatly impressed with the possibilities of building up a big trade between the two countries. He con sidered there was' a good opening in Aus tralia for articles of Russian manufacture, and since his arrival he- had written to the Russian Board of Trade to forward him sampler of manufactures and produce,- with which he intends to establish a permanent exhibition in rooms adjoining the Consulate. These would chiefly comprise linen, lace work, crockery, cutlery, glassware, iron in its raw state, furniture, and perfumery. Whether Russia would be able to compete with other countries in the matter of price he was not prepared to say. He could only state that labour was very cheap in that country, and he did not think the question of freights would prevent them gaining a footing. He did not think Russian sap ping companies, would offer as liberal freights is German companies, which were heavily .subsidized, as the, whole pf the Black Sea trade was done by the Hwriai Steam Navigation Company, which had a complete monopoly, and they showed no disposition to cut their present rates. The most advi-' sahb. course would probably be to forward anv ecwds for Australia to Hamburg, and tranship them there. Already a lot of tim ber from Siberia was bejng imported 'into Victoria by the Oriental' Timber Corpora tion. These were Boft wouds such as pine, farch, and aspen, and as the wrests offered an almost inexhaustib'e supply, he 'bad no doubt a considerable trade would eventually be built up. . ? —Extending Manufactures.— Until recently Russia had been content with local markets for the consumption of minor products, or they were shipped in bulk to other countries, where ' they were distributed as the produce of those places. For instance, much of what was known as 'Danish butter' was produced in Siberia, and a large quantity of 'Dutch cheese came from the same part, while a consi derable amount of 'Gruyere cheese,' which was supposed to be manufactured in Swit zerland, and 30 per cent, of the Italian ma caroni which supplied the world, was shipped from Rostoff, in Southern Russia. Immense strides were being made in the canning and marketing of fish, asd the sal mon caught in Siberian waters compared favourably with the product of Alaska. Russia was waking up to the possibilities. of developing such industries as these, and placing them on the markets of the world. Hethad no hesitation in saying that when these commodities were brought under* the notice of the people of the Commonwealth, a fair share of the trade would be captured. Unfortunately in the past, although Russia had been represented by Consuls-General for the past 10 years, changes had 'been made every 12 or 18 months, so that just when the officer was beginning to under stand the requirements of the country, he was removed elsewhere.- He expected to remain in Australia for at least five years, and during that period he hoped to see a considerable improvement in trade with the Commonwealth. 