LEPERS AT NORTH HEAD. Even if the Federal Government does not establish a lazarette at North Head, it is as well to place on re- cord the feeling of this State upon the subject. The argument as it affects Manly is strong enough by itself, and there is no intention of belittling it. Manly is not a village. It is a metropolitan asset, and whatever tends to prejudice its position among our seaside resorts must be an evil thing for Sydney. Moreover, its unique value is recognised in the way that visitors from the country crowd to its beaches and overflow its boarding-houses. But this really brings us to the essential point that any development of the present quaran- tine position at North Head must prove to be a serious thing for the whole State. New South Wales is judged very largely by its principal port. North Head is the first thing to be seen, as a rule, by steamers arriving from oversea; and we should be advertised indeed if leprosy were to be the first fact impressed upon our visitors. A lazarette would naturally loom larger than quarantine buildings and a quaran- tine station. The lepers would always be there, alive and insistent; while the provi- sion against possible invasions of disease, would remain as a provision more often than not. Empty buildings and a reserve in readiness do not appeal to the imagina- tion like houses occupied continually by sufferers from the most loathsome of di- seases. A mere statement that the lasar- ette existed would give the incoming visi- tor or immigrant an idea of Sydney and of the State as he gazed on North Head, which would be difficult to reduce or efface. But this raises the whole question of quarantine, and the disposal of North Head. A Government anchored in Mel- bourne may not see things in the same light as we do. The Victorian supporter of the Government will probably smile at objections as so much more Sydney fool- ishness, and we know from our Naval College experiences how ready Ministers are to respond to southern pressure or ridi- cule. But this is a very serious question, so serious that no Government responsible for forcing North Head finally out of our recreation reserve area, would find much support from this State even among pre- sent avowed sympathisers, if it dared to attempt justification at the next general, election. That a mistake has been made in the news circulated about a lassarette is possible on these grounds alone. But it should be difficult for the Government to propose to establish a permanent quaran- tine or to think of a lazarette on North Head for other reasons. All that is re- quired with leprosy can be done by con- tinuing the present system in connection with the Coast Hospital, and this is pro- bably in contemplation. If an arrange- ment with the State under this head is deemed inadvisable, some island or isolated spot could be selected which would serve the same purpose. But to associate finally the entrance to Sydney Harbour with disease at all would under such alterna- tives amount to an offence which must rankle in ways that the Federal Govern- ment little dreams of. Danish Agriculture. - The eighth of our spe- cial representative's series of articles on agri- culture in other lands will be found in our "On the Land" columns (page 12). Con- tinuing his study of the co-operative move- ment in Denmark, the writer outlines the benefits of herd-testing, and refers to the "control" society system, by which the far- mer is relieved of the worry of milk-testing and bookkeeping, and receives valuable ad- vice on the feeding of his stock. Supreme Court Sittings.- As far as the final sittings of the Supremo Court for this year are concerned the work terminated yesterday, when all the causes, except those that went over to next year by consent, were disposed of, and the next Term will begin on February 19\. It is announced that there will be a special sitting of the Criminal Court on January 29 in connection with the death of Trevascus at the Glebe. A Shabby Station. - Nearly all the stations on the North Shore railway from Chatswood up are adorned with shrubs and graceful palms, while well-kept gardens, displaying a profusion of flowers, make a pleasant rest- ing-place for the eye of the traveller; but the terminal station at Milson's Point has been overlooked. Occupying a great length of water frontage, Milson's Point railway sta- tion occupies a specially favoured situation. It commands a view of the city water-front, the massed city buildings, and of the water traffic of the Circular Quay. It takes in Government House, the city proper, the Ob- servatory, the shipping of Miller's and Dawes Points, and the broadwater between Darling Harbour, Johnstone's Bay, and M'Mahon's Point. Above it is the residential amphi- theatre of Lavender Bay and Milson's Point. Instead of the railway station displaying this splendid panorama to the residents and visi- tors, it actually shuts out the view. Seen from the water the station offers a depressing view of a long squat iron shed, with a tiny window here and there. It is an eyesore on the level of the much-condemned advertise- ment hoarding. It is known as a hot- house, the iron sides and roof of which conserve the heat. Instead of being the shabbiest of buildings along the line it could be made the most ornate, and still serve its purpose effec- tively. An open platform, provided with suitable protection against the wind, would afford an incomparable view of the city and harbour. Police for Solomon Islands. - Some "boys" from Tanna, in the New Hebrides, have been engaged by the Solomon Islands Administra- tion to do police work in that group, and will take their departure by the steamer Moresby to-day. Among their own kith and kin the Solomon Island policemen are, it seems, rather slack in bringing offenders to book, and the way of the transgressor there has not been at all hard. The natives of Tanna are born fighters, and it is thought that they will be able to keep order where the local native police have failed. The police in civilised countries are said to have pretty good times, but those who know the Solomon Islanders say that the lot of the imported native police is not to be envied. Cricket Uncertainty. - Yesterday afternoon, during the tea adjournment, Clem Hill made arrangements for himself and wife to leave for Melbourne by the evening express. Warren Bardsley, Warwick Armstrong and a few other players did the same, being firmly convinced that the match would be finished I before 6 o'clock. At the 4 o'clock adjourn- ment seven English wickets had fallen for 186, and it was reasonable to suppose that the innings would terminate well before 6 o'clock. However, Douglas and Hearne pre- sented very broad bats to the ball, and defied all efforts to dislodge them till five minutes to 6. There are still two of the Englishmen's wickets to fall, but the party of cricketers ought to be safe in booking their passages for to-night. Crowded Steamers. - The demands on the passenger accommodation of the interstate steamers and those trading to New Zealand are exceptionally heavy this holiday season, and for some weeks all the liners leaving for Melbourne, Tasmania, and New Zealand ports have gone out fully laden, many passengers having to be satisfied with "shake-downs." Never before has there been such big traffic, and it affords another evidence of the pros- perity which all are enjoying. An unusual feature of the bookings is the large number of holiday trippers going to Queensland ports, as far up as Cairns. this service having been very poorly patronised hitherto at this time of the year. 