SETTLERSFROM DENMARK PROJECT OF A DANISH COUNT. VISIT TO VICTORIA.. MELBOURNE, Saturday. Count Carl Waldemar Sponneck is visiting Viitoria with the view of find ing encouragement for agriculturists among his own people to settle in the Suite. The Count, in the course of an interview said— n J am a landholder in Denmark, and fairly well known all through Scandinavia, my grandfather having been a Financial Minister under the late King Christian. In my coun try, November 1 is about the date up on which the farm people receive their summer cheques, and return +o the cities. It must ho borne in mind that in the winter months in Denmark the land is gripped in, frost, and, conse quently, farm work is more or loss at a standstill, Furthermore, the land available, for cultivation in Denmark is very limited, and the system of peasant proprietorship prevailing tends to make it increasingly difficult for, young farm er* to secure holdings. They are am bitious, virile, and strong, but some what conservative. The Danish Mini ster of Agriculture has had to stop in to stop the exploitation of our people by American and Canadian private companies, who, by glowing promises of froo lands and homosteads, coupled with flambuoyant misrepresentations, have inveigled thousands of Scandinav ians across the Atlantic. In the major ity of instances, having been bled by fees and generally fleeced, they have been left stranded to battle for an ex istence among people whose language they do not understand. Th e Danish Government has no objection .to emi gration as such, but the Ministry takes ! a sufficiently paternal interest in the farming community to prevent exploit ation. I cannot speak too severely of the way some of my countrymen have been treated-, in the' New 'World. •In Denmark- at- the present time, especially in Jutland, the eyes of would-bo emigrants are being tamed towards Australia. The material is at hand, and I can guarantee to bring out here annually 200 Danish farmers of whom this State would have reason to be proud. For the first two years they would work as farm laborers, and then, with tho capital they brought with them, plus tlieir savings, they would tako up land and work it. In Den mark,' the present time, " the most profitable crop is sugar beet, and won derful dividends are being earned. I want to see this industry flourish in Victoria, and there is no reason why it should not. The people I propose .to bring ont understand beetroot cultiva tion and the- processes of conversion in fo sugar. Bnt, of. course, dairying, poultry, and general ; farming will pro vide -avennes for Danish enterprise. 1 have laid a proposition before Mr H. O. Allen, tho Chief Immigration . Offi cer, who has promised to submit it to Mr. Graham, tho Minister for Agricul ture. Briefly, it is that Tbo commis sioned- to sot oht for Copenhagen nnivn nllyv and spend one month in Denmark, Norway,- and Sweden respectively. 1 propose to aooompany each hatch of im migrants. and. supervise them -after their arrival hero until such - 'time as they are all placed in., situations. An office, could be allotted in Melbourne, whore all inquiries .could be attended to. It would bo. open all the year round, and questions of. buying land, stocks and implements, etc., could be dealt with, there/’- Count; Sponneck. -in. conclusion, expressed, the opinion that the people, he would guarantee to bring , would prove a valuable, asset to the ; State; being thrifty/ hardworking."honest, nnd loyal to the bbqptrv. of their Vnitontion. ' 