GENERAL -NEWS. EMPIRE DAY AND THE SCHOOLS. The Minister of Education has given instructions that in all schools under his control Empire Day, Wednesday, May 21, may be specially observed in the following man- ner The ordinary time-table will be suspended, and lessons and exercises given on subjects appropriate to the occasion. Hoisting and saluting the Union Jack, the recita- tion _ of national poetry, and the singing of patriotic songs, interspersed with brief addresses on suitable topics, are suggested as a proper method of celebrating the day. The extent of the Empire, its influence on the spread of civilisation, and the characteristics of the British races that have led them to colonise new lands, are subjects that may be presented to the elder pupils in such a form as to be easily understood. In the lower classes simple accounts of some of the most striking incidents in British history should be given. Head teachers are instructed to communicate with the chair- men of their respective boards of advice with reference to any special feature for the day's celebrations. For the information of those teachers who are not members of the League of the Empire, it is pointed out that the object of this celebration is to bring prominently before the pupils such a view of the British Empire as will help to develop a feeling of pride in the achieve- ments of the British people, and increase the groundwork of knowledge on which an intelligent patriotism may be based. It is not intended that there should be any encouragement of an exaggerated sentiment arising out of a mere glorification of the British race by the disparagement of other nations, but that the interest in the Empire should rest on a knowledge of what it is, and on an appreciation of the higher qualities that have played a part in its progress. By this means the children may be encouraged not only to be patriotic Australians, but patriotic citizens of the British Empire. Suggested,, topics for the day am-The King as head of the Empire; the extent of the Empire; the variety of races in; its wide commerce and varied industries; its navy; its merchant fleet; communication between its parts; the significance of the flag; heroic deeds in war and exploration, c.; abolition of slavery; accounts of great men,' especially those connected with the gradual extension of the Empire: how Australia is connected with the Empire. All schools are to be closed for the day at 12.30. PROFESSOR KUTTNER'S OPERATION. In "The Advertiser on Tuesday was published a cable message from our London correspondent stating that Professor Kutt ner. of the University of Breslau, had succeeded in transplanting the ball and socket joint of the hip and part of the thigh bone from a corpse to living patient.' and that natural articulation>nbad resulted. Dr. Herbert Basedow, who studied at Breslau University and recently left that institution, stated on Tuesday, in answer to a question put to him by a representative of "The Advertiser": was not surprised to read of the alleged surgical feat of Pro- fessor Kuttner in "The Advertiser' this morning, but I should like to have more particular and authentic information concerning the case before I ventured an opinion. Professor Kuttner was my teacher in surgery for two years at Breslau University. He is a remarkably clever surgeon, and distinguished himself as a young; Prussian officer of the medical corps during a campaign in China. Rapid promotions i brought him to the present important position of director of the surgical department of the University Hospitals in Breslau. Surgery of the brain and thorax have been the special work of the professor. He has published a extensively, and is at present editor of the leading German periodical on surgery. Transplantation of bone from one living being to another is nothing new, but the special feature of the operation described in this morning's paper is that the bone is said to have been taken from a corpse, and if the report is authentic all the. more credit would be due to the profess" sor for having attempted the operation on so large a scale and in respect to so difficult a place as the hip joint. The bone must have been removed from the corpse almost immediately after the last beat of the heart." " RECKLESS CHILDREN. "There is one point which perhaps does not come into this case so much as it would apply in others," remarked the City Coroner (Dr. Ramsay Smith), in giving his verdict at the inquest concerning the death of a Edna Dulcie Harrison, who died from injuries received when knocked down by a motor car on Easter Monday. "That is the habits of children in respect to motor cars. . If there is one thing that strikes a stranger to our State when travelling by motor car more than another, I think it must be the habits of children with reference to motor cars. The training of them, be it due to home influence or school, or whatever it is is highly unsatisfactory. I have repeatedly been driving in a motor, and have been puzzled to know whether a child actually meant to cross the, road, or whether it meant to disconcert the driver of the motor. I am sorry to say I have seen the same thing done in the front of approaching railway trains at level crossings On one occasion I saw a girl make a run in order to cross before the train. In doing so she dropped something right between the rails, and although the train was only a few yards off she turned and dashed to get in. She just escaped being hit by the buffer of the engine, and then she turned round and laughed at the driver. Four of us witnessed the occurrence. We know that as the old cock crows the young cock learns, and it is certainly difficult for motorists to know what to do in the case of children, who seem to be subject to no rules of conduct or rules of the road. Again, it would be difficult to know what to do in the case of young children, who have strong imitative powers, but have little in the way of reasoning or exercising any common-sense. Sometimes I have wondered whether they ought to be trained to these things in schools, or whether it would not be the kindest thing for motorists to stop and search them on the spot. In the present case the little girl who lost her life seemed to do a natural thing. She tried to get near her elder sister, instinctively, one might say, for safety, and in doing so lost her Me I cannot find that the driver of the car failed in any, way in trying to avoid the accident." assist_d1__Ïîgiîatiox. The approved nominations for assisted passages received by the Immigration Department during the three weeks the immigration regulations have been in force re- present 300 persons at present resident in the United Kingdom, who will be granted passages at reduced rates to this state. The nominees are in most cases near relatives of the nominators, a large proportion of whom are resident in the country. Numerous applications are being received for domestic helpers. The selection of the girls desirous of coming to South Australia will not be made finally until the arrival in the United Kingdom of Miss Walker, ; the lady superintendent of emigration, who will leave this State on the IpLfa. Mooltan, on May 11. It will therefore be some months before the first of the selected domestic helpers will arrive. Forms of application for agricultural laborers are now available Intending employers are asked to pay the sum of £4 for each employers paired This amount will be a contribu- tion towards the cost of the passage money from Giraud to South Australia, and the costs of transport of the _imycrwn\ -We the steamer to his destination. The Emigration Agent will be instructed by- cablegram to select agricultural laborers according to the number applied for. FOOD STANDARDS. Whilst giving his decision at the Adelaide Police Court on Tuesday, in the case in which a defendant was charged with not having attached to a tin of condensed milk a label setting out the different parts by weight of water to be added to one part by weight of condensed milk, Mr. J. Gordon, S.M., said that without discouraging the inspectors of the Metropolitan County Board, he might suggest that their time might be more profitably spent in dealing with the persons who. if the statements in the papers were correct, were infringing the laws. Mr. R. W. Bennett, solicitor for the Metropolitan County Board, replied that the advisory committee, which framed the regulations, were working day and night, and already the chairman (Dr. Ram- say Smith) had broken down in health. Until standards were fixed for various com- modities it was almost impracticable to attempt anything in the way of prosecutions. ESTIMATION OF SPEED. The City Coroner (Dr. Ramsay Smith) had something to say at an inquest on Tuesday on the question of people judging the speed of moving objects. Edna Dulcie Dawson was run over by a motor car on Easter Monday, and one witness stated that the car was travelling at least between 25 and 30 miles an hour. Others testified that it was proceeding at about 12 miles an hour. Dr. Ramsay Smith said "As re fards the question of speed, time after time have timed a railway train and motor cars in order to see what bodily sensations or observations would give accurate indications of speed. I found that the ordinary person in judging the speed of a motor or tramcar or even a bicycle was as much out as when he tried to estimate the height of a tall hat, or how much of a man's hand would cover the full moon when put up at arm's length." THE RABBI ON MARRIAGE. "I should like to apply to the Government for the position of State executioner to mete out to those who boasted of their single blessedness, their well deserved punishment." remarked the Jewish Rabbi (Rev. A. T. Boas) during the course of a lecture on "Shakespeare on Marriage," at the Shakespeare Theatre on Tuesday evening. And he went on to quote from the board's works to show the presence there of a similar sentiment. Nor did he restrict the application of his statements to bachelors and he condemned as roundly the modern coquette, who, like Shakespeare's Beatrice, enchanted man with the toss of the head, the first of the fan, or the flourish of the kerchief, and never dreamt of marriage, He also cautioned men and women alike against marrying for a mercenary consideration, and quoted, "Love like a shadow flies, when substance love pursues." INDIA AND AUSTRALIA. In connection with the address of the Rev. J. Passmore at the Pirie-street Church on Tuesday night the question of the policy of a White Australia was referred to. Professor H. Darnley Naylor remarked that the policy might perhaps be justifiable from the economic or eugenie standpoint, but it was certainly not de- fensible on ethical grounds, and least of all on the basis of the ethics Christ had taught. It was possible that in the future the Indians might say-t-as they had every reason to say-that as Australians had shut them out of the vast and comparatively uninhabited continent of Australia they would adopt the same policy in India towards the Australians. The Rev. J. Passmore assured those present that the Indian missionary was in an extremely difficult position. Indians who had sufficient knowledge did not hesitate to throw the White Australia question in the teeth of the missionary with energy and per sistence. He, personally, always felt that he had no defence whatsoever, and pleaded guilty whenever the question was raised. He was not there that evening to talk on Australian politics, but the late attitude of Australia and South Africa towards the Indians had an effect on the Indian people, that made them feel less favorable towards their European brother than previously. If anything could be done to remove that feeling a great deal would have been accomplished. PURSUIT OF A NAKED MAN. A man of tall, athletic build, about 30 years of age, who can swim like a duck and ran like a hare, created excitement on the West Melbourne swamp on Sunday afternoon (says the "Argus A deep canal runs from the Victoria Dock to the Moonee Ponds Creek, and from its muddy banks the man, who was without clothing, kept taking flying headers. For a long time he would remain under water, and then, rising to the surface, would float. It was surpris- ing, considering the state of the banks and some of the places where he scrambled out, that he was not smothered in the mud. It was 4 o'clock when the unknown man began his ablutions, and at 6 o'clock a crowd of citizens, made a move in his direction. They had sent two of their number to the police-station, but curiosity prompted them to advance in front of the police reinforcements. By this time the word had passed round that the man was a raving lunatic. When he saw the crowd the man ran with great speed towards Footscray, and easily outdistanced the crowd pursuing him. The police were looking for him on Sunday njpLt. The man had been wandering about the swamp in a curious way for several weeks.. In his flight he left behind an old coat and a pair of dungaree trousers, INDIAN SEDITION. Speaking as chairman of the missionary meeting at the Pirie-street Methodist Church on Tuesday night, Professor H. Darnley Naylor said the unrest in India was causing grave anxiety among all earnest "thinking men. They did not know to what this unrest would lead, but they did know that England was responsible for it, in that she had introduced into India education and civil is seen from the west, which were divorced from all religious influence. South Australia had made the experiment of instituting an educational system divorced from religion, and he was one of those who believed that the State was going to pay heavily for that experiment. Indian statesmen had pushed to its logical conclusion the policy of non- interference in religious matters, with the result that the educated Indian had learned to despise what was ignoble and unworthy in his own creeds, and at the same time too often, unfortunately, to despise what was noble and worthy in all the creeds. Later on the Rev. J. Passmore replied that he thought a great deal too much was made of the sedition in India. It existed, but with a population of 304,000,000 people, subject to the influence of the northern frontier, and possessing a history that naturally made them feel a little sore in regard to British domination, that was not a matter for surprise. During the last few years sedition had died out to a great extent. He was more concerned with the education of how the legitimate social and political aspirations of the people were to be met. Only one man in ten and one woman in a hundred could read in spite of the fact that an enormous amount of educational work had been done. Nothing in the world could or should stop the movement in the direction of demanding the rights of citizenship. The steadily evolving political consciousness of a people could only be met by giving them more and more political rights. If this was not done England would be faced with a grave situation. A beginning had been made by Lord Morley, but care would have to be exercised. HOT CRITICISM BY UNIVERSITY MEN. A meeting of the Sydney University Union was held on Friday night at the University (says the "Sydney Morning Herald") to discuss the abolition of the : commemoration. Mr. S. V. Toose, B.A., in the absence of Professor Peden, BA., ' LL.B., was in the chair. Mr. W. T. S, i Wall moved That the action of the senate in abolishing commemoration is de- plorable." He said the senate was a body of hide-bound conservatives, whose ideas were not in keeping with progress, civilisa- tion, or common- sense. Mr. R. Hooke, B.A., LLB-, compared the decision of the senate to a Russian ukase. Mr. Donovan believed in the divine right of the senate, and sarcastically remarked that it represented the only aristocracy of talent existence. The motion was carried. A BAD TEMPERED YOUNG LION. A valuable trick pony was killed Wirth's Circus early on Sunday morning by Sonny, a three-year-old lion, who was experiencing his first lesson in how performing lions should behave from Mona. ' Marco, the animal trainer. Sonny was born on the steamer Marama en route to j New Zealand. His sire was an African and his mother a Nubian animal. It is this crossing of the breeds, according to Mons. Marco, which accounts for Sonny's fierce temper and general intractableness. First | the young lions sire and another lioness and Sonny (says the "Sydney Morning Senators »WHÖJnrusfc, into Jim enclosed ring. Then followed a trick pony, two big Danish boar hounds, and a Hungarian Collie. For about half an hour the young lion was obedience personified, and at the command of Marco followed the other animals in the mixed hurdling and jumping race., Sonny had just leaped one of the hurdles and the little trick mare followed him. As . she sprang into the air the lion with a deep throat roar turned quick as a flash, sprang at her, and knocked her down with one 1 powerful blow of his paw. The next instant j he had buried his fangs in her neck., The. poor little animal screamed in her agony, i Out could not extricate herself from the terrible grip. The attendants and Mons. j Marco at last managed to beat off the lion ' with whips and iron bars, whereupon the pony got to her feet and staggered out of the ring. She was dragged outside the tent | and shot. The young lion was as quickly as possible got back into his cage. After some . little time he cooled down, but was still in a bad temper when the trainer tried to make a fresh start. The other two lions obediently jumped into the ring, but Sonny refused to follow. The lioness was then put back into Sonny's cage, in the hope that he would follow her out. He refused. She then jumped back into the cage and must have brushed against the young lion, who bore her to the ground and bit her on the neck. The other tion then joined in the fray and by superior weight backed him into a corner. Eventually Sonny was Got into his own cage and taken away. Sonny has for the last two years been an inmate of the Melbourne Zoo and has only recently returned to circus life. When cub he used to be a great favorite with Mrs. Wirth, whose custom it was to nurse him. AN OLD PRAYER BOOK. Mr. W. Smith, of Birks street. Parkside, on Tuesday brought into "The Advertiser" office a copy of the Book of Common Prayer printed in the French language. The book was translated by M. Duret, under authority of lung Charles II., given on October 6, 1862, and was designed for use in the chapels of Jersey, Guernsey, and other adjacent islands, as well as in the French church of the Savoy. The translation was approved by one of the chaplains of Gilbert, Bishop of London. The book, which is in a very ragged condition, was originally bound in leather, and is 54 in. x 30 in. x 3 in. It belonged to Mrs. Smith, who died 13 years ago, and who received it from her mother when she was a child. A DOG AMONG THE HATS. . An unpleasant surprise awaited Mr. W. T. Ryan, draper, of Jetty-road, Glenelg, on Tuesday morning when he opened his shop. A dog had been inadvertently locked in the premises when they were closed on the preceding evening, and had made a raid on the millinery displayed in the shop window, causing serious damage, to it. Mr. Ryan estimates his loss at £10." The Trade Commissioner in London telegraphed at 5.40 pm. on April 24 to the Government:- "Wheat market very firm, and a further advance is asked. Australian wheat arrived bought at 24/3 per quarter. Liverpool market field for advance, which checks business." The RMS. Mores left Melbourne at 3.30 p.m. on Tuesday, and will arrive at the Outer Harbor at daylight on Thursday. This vessel is appointed to leave for London at 6 p.m. on Thursday. Particulars of the train service for passengers embark og and visits- are advertised. Professor Adam, the leading teacher of dancing, receives pupils day and evening. 1446 The Eastern Extension Telegraph Company reports, that the latest telegram from Adelaide which arrived in London up to 10 a.m. on April 25 was timed 5.20 p.m. on the same day. The time occupied in transit was 1 hr. 47 min. [ 