GREAT THUNDERSTORM. DERBY RACEGOERS STRUCK DEAD. SEVEfc PEOPLE KILLED. . A thunderstorm which broke over London and the home comities on Wednesday, May~31, was (says the 1^l^^jrlfeilV ) themost Violent of iteji&t; recollectibn v All day it had beta threafceningytand it broke in and north of London Idnring the afternoon But |Ke • fuU- force: of the stortn aeetod&tp; ^ for London iteeK.fi&J;^ ft buret about half-past .••«eyenl;.t Seven deaths are recorded The lightning claimed five victims from the returning crowd of racegoers in the neighborhood of Epsom and Sutton. About 5.30 a party left their vehicles and took shelter under the lee of the reservoir wall on Babsiead Downs. Several were struck 4y lightning. George Curran, ct-\Napier road,. West Ham, and a man about 23 years old, not identified, were immediately killed About dght others were injured, and -fhiee were taken to Sutton Hospital—Henry Wells and Charles Usher, "[both of Plajstow, and Jofieph Bolstron, of Ilford. Police Constable Pain, of the Dulwich division, was struck, and removed to the Sutton police station. A postman; named Teddar was struck on dismounting from his cycle. None of the injured is in a critical condition, though several are very badly ; |burned. A van containing several passengers was passing Buckle's Gap, which leads off the Downs in the direction of -JBanstead,: when a lad seated in it-was struck and killed. His name given as L. Stratton, of Beasley street, Epsom. A woman occupant was injured, and the horse was killed. A police constable standing tiose by had his helmet blocked offbut escaped injury. About 6.30 eight men employed by Tillings, jobmasters, .. Peckham, were in their tent on the Downs, when they were all struck by lightning, and sustained shock. Only one was seriously injured, Joseph Laffom, Hook toad, Peckham. He was taken to Epsom infirmary suffering from loss of power in the right arm and left leg. Racegoers Drenched.. The last race was scarcely. run at Epsom, when large drops fell among the brightly dressed throng, and spread instant alarm all over the Downs. There was an imme diate rush for shelter. Then the storm burst overhead with tremendous fury. Dazzling flashes of lightning, followed immediately by great peals of thunder overhead, intensified the alarm. Thousands of people ran to the station on foot, and were drenched to the skin. As the motor and horse vehicles converged on the roadways leading from the downs the confusion was enormous. The roadways were converted into rivers of water and mud. Flooded motor cars stopped working, and the progress of whole masses of all kinds of vehicles were stopped until they had been dragged out cf the way. \ wo Policemen Killed. A police patrolman in the V division who was with his horse in Wordestet Park, was struck and immediately killed.' The horse was also jkilled. A man to whom he was talking, George Aitken, was struck, and taken to the Sutton hospital. William Cooper, a young city policeman, was cycling back from Ep^om, when he was struck and killed, while passing through Morden. Cooper, who was attached to Bridewell police station, only joined the fore* a month ago. Woman 1 * itrkngr Death. Mrs Hester, 31, of York road, Acton, the Wife of a gravedigger, was killed as she was going to fetch Her husband. She had become alarmed by the rising of the water in the basement of her home. On her way to the cemetery the fencing; surrounding the athletic grounds in Willesden lane, and the brick wall on which the fencing is :buiit, were upheaved by the force of the flood in the athletic grounds Mrs Hester was buried under the fencing, and was found, some time later,, quite dead. Miner Struck Dead. William Dickenson was killed by lightuing at Tow Law, County Durham,^, while returning from pit with two other miners, who -were struck to the ground. Wateispout| Damages. Before the violence of the storm fell upon Central London parts of the western suburbs had been under a waterspout. The centre of the downpour was at Acton. The Great Western railway was com pletely flooded, the .water coming up to the level of the top of the platform- Quite considerabe cataracts could be seen pouring down the embankments from the fields A stream was soon flowing at a fair pace along "the line, and considerably disturbed some of the sleepers When the trains were allowed to proceed after half an hour's delay the water was still 2ft deep. The signal boxes were completely Ibo lated by water to the depth of 3ft or 4ft. THT flood extended for about a mile on either side of Acton station. Attacked by Pumas. During the storm two of the per forming animals at Bostock'i jungle, at the White City, which had become infuriated by the roar of the thunder, attacked the trainer, Madame. Morelli. One of the pumas, seated on a highpedastal was so frightened that it sprang at Mme. Morelli, and fastened its fangs in her right arm, while the other seized her by the leg. With her disengaged hand she slashed the animals across the head with the heavy lash she uses during the performance and made them loose their hold. Mr Bostock succeeded effecting the rescue of Mme. Morelli Victoria and Denmark are good friends once more. A little friction arose over the action of the Victorian government in employing an agent in Denmark to induce immi grants to come to Victoria. It was belieyed that they would make very desirable settlers, in view of the sue cess attained by Danish dairy farmers and beet root growers. But the government wanted all the Danes from Denmark,, and, raising an objection that Victoria's action in paying part of the immigrants' passage money amounted to an illegal contract, it made he position of the agent—himself a Dane— rather uncomfortable, and also threatened legal proceedings. The Agent-General went to Copenhagen on a pacifactory mission, and the Minister of Lands has received cablegram from him, in which Sir John Taverner states that he is ad vised by the Danish Minister of Justice that the agent has done nothing against the law, and that there are no grounds of action. The result of the agent's activities up to the time he was checked was the arrival of about 40 Danish immi- grants in Victoria. farm laborers. They were all An incident revealing an act of kindness to wayfarers by King Alfonso has just come to light. Recently two poor women, one with a baby in her arms, were tramping from Sanfouder to Castille in search of work. While crossing the snowy Sierra de Guadarrama they met a motor car in which were four men, who turned out to be King Alfonso, Prince Rainei, Prince Philip of Bourbon, and an aide-de camp. Don Alfonso stopped the car, and asked Ik? women wtuf they were tramping over such desolate part unattended. They told him their story, and he was so touched by their hardships that he invited the half frozen women into the car, and drove them to the next village inn. There he ordered a good square meal for them, and gave them a goodly sum of money to help them on their journey. - 