Local News. m Price of Wheat.— Practically no change is reported in tne wheat market, to- day's quote being 3s ^d. per liiishel. Harvest Thauksgiviug. — Harvest thanksgivinfr services will be held in the Anglican Church on Sunday next. Those making contributions of fruil, etc., arc asked to place them in the church porch &-;out 4 p.m. on Satur day The same wiil be judiciously distributed on Monday. Salt- at Belvedere Fauu. — Mr. Jas. C. Kidd, auctioneer, reports holding a successful sale of horses and farm ing machinery at Belvedere on Tues day, 14th February. Good prices weje realised. Draught geldings and mares were sold at prices rauging from £15 to £50. Fanning machin ery did not realise full values. All lot§ were sold. Geraldton Grapes. — SU11 further instances of what can be grown in the sand in and around Geraldton .ire to be seen in our window. \ bunch Of -rraili'K which wricrhi: nvi-r fitbs. was cut from a three-year-old vine grown in Snowdon-strect by Mr Harry E;iton, and it is only one of many similar buuehes cut 'from a single vine during the last few weeks. The flavor of these grapes is delic ious. A further sample of magnifi cent fruit has been sent us by Mr A Gibson. These grapes are of the 'Lady's Fingers' variety. They were cut from 2k vear old vines, winch has borne 15 lbs of fruit this season, and were grown in the sand at the back of Mr. Gibson's shop in Marine Terrace. One; lmn-h weighs 3.1 IKs. and the other J.1. lbs. Murchison Mining. — The profits made by some A^urchison companies during rhe month of January ar« gi ven as follows : — Groat Fiugal! (Day Dawr), £2,611 : Ingliston Consols, Meekatharra. £1000- Fenian, Meeka tharra, £2000. The Oroya - Black Range's January output is valued at £8,731, The St.. George miue at Mt. Magnet, last month yielded practic ally 634 ozs. gold from !,707 tons. The Caledonian mine at Nannine is under offer to Bewick, Moreing, and Death -if Captain Xeak1.— There arc many in Geraldton who wiU regret to hear of the death of Capt. K. T. J. Ncale, late -t the s.s. lvapunda, which occurred at Williauistown, Vic toria, on Friday mornias; Ust Feli mary 10. after 'a short illness. The cause of death was tvphoid fever. Cai.tain Vealo leaves a widow an«l three children to mourii their loss. Deceased was practically the com modore of the Melbourne Steamshiu Company's fleet. Previous to taking charge of the Kapunda, he comman ded the Monaro, When the news of the disaster to the s s. Pericles off the Lceuvin reached Runtiury. the Monaro was lyiutr alongside the wharf at that port. In the face of a stifi uor'-wester, Capt. Ncale put out to sea, and made for 'iusseltoa, wlaic the shipwrecked passengers un*l crew had landed. Tin: way the masl«f of the Monaro took his ship into the shallow and rough water alongside the jetty and embarked the 100 odd survivors and provisioned them dur ing the journey to t'tx-im-ir-Ue elicit ed general .luuuiatiou at the linu*. tater on, v. lion going Kast, Captain Xeaje sl--wed the Mousiio down when passing the sceau ot thu wreck, and picked up sowj huudrcits of cases of butter, etc., which -vcie ft«.Atiiiir ab out. Departure of a iKcuougU Farmer — Mr. John Frederick M-jr :ell wiil shortly leave Walkaway t) resMe in the Nortiiaiu ijistri«.'c. where he has four sons en^a^e'l in f:u*mii:«; ?pota- tions. The rfcv. Ilailcv M.muIi, an other son, is also rc?idiag in i-uafc locality. Mr. Moia;ll is practically returning tj the :iiicc-stral home, having been born in N'ottham iu 1M5 His grandfather ihe late J-ihn Mor rell, \v;is the first to clear Sand in fie Northam district.. Mr. Morrell arrived at GtcMioii^h i:i H73, just Hi ye.-irs ago. At iirsi he rontfl the farm at present owned by his brother, Mr. R. E. Morrell, and af terwards '-Thi- Islana' f:irm, which he subsequently purchsised . In 3876, ^Ir. Morrell was appointed Govern ment inspet;t-)c ot fehtn-.i t-- deal with the scab disease, which was very bad at the time. With t!w exception of a few rears spent in the service of the Government, Mr. Afgrrell hj;.s been ensagc-d in firmint; piir^uils at Walkawav ever siis-:o. IK- has wared a family of six bovs and three giris. He was for veais cliair-.nan of the School Board, which in those -i«jvs iiad coiiittleif. cvnUol of distiivt cju cational matters, an I he al o took an active inten-st in the Farmers' Club and Roads Hoard. Notwith standing; his 61 rears of active life. Mr, MorreH is f«htv t-i re'.ji-tjuish farniing operations, in w!ti'h lie has been very succe^'ul. but findi it. diN ficult nowadays to sw.ire labor to work his farm satisfactorily. New Coffee Palace —Work on the new Railway Cofic-i; Palace and Sup per Rooms is vUiioxi i'.mshetl. n;e buildings occupy '.lie site ot the old premises so long known as Stone's Boarding House, and they form a wel come addition to the housing acconi ?nodatic-ii of the town. The bed rooms are airy, well-lighted, - an-l comfortably furnished. The basement is taken up with the dining room aiid a large shep, the latter beinj let to Geo. Fowlk' and Co., tdilots. Mr. Fcwlic expects to take j/osses sion on Saturday next. Foreign Immigrants.— A large uini ber of the emigrants that have been found situations nu the [anus in the district cannot read or write Eng lish. This has been a great draw Sack to those who have employed them. In bonie instances, however, the newcomers ha\o ;?ol on well in spite of these drawbacks. Some weeks ago a farmer at Isseka took o*i a young Danish laborer, who could not sjiuak a word of Knglish. He has turned out a splendid worker, and is making commendable efforts to ac quire a knowledge of the language. Several other instances of young foreigners de\ eloping into lirst-class farm hands are repotted. A Visiting Architeci. — Yesterday morning Mr. W. H. Jetferics. A.H.I B.A., arrived iu Gerald toa from Perth. Whilst in GeralJton he will make arradji.ements foi' the caliing ol tenders for the erection of the new Roman Cathofic t?i.thcdial iu Klwes street. I«fr. JeSeries, who is the treasurer of the W.A. Institute ol Architects, is well-known to South Australians as the son of Dr. Jef feries, after whom Jeffecies Cotigre gational Ohurch, Brougham Place, NTorth Adelaide, is named. Mammoth Cluster of Grapes. — From the well- known Pioneer Gar dens, at Grcenough, we have receiv ed a. cluster of grapes weighing 13 lbs. The grapes were of the White Nice variety, and the two bunches had grown so close together as to be inseparable, and practically fotmed one bunch, unfortunately, they wen1 over-ripe for exhibition purposes when they iCached this ofnee, and na turally no time was lost in sampling them. They were delightful eating. Mr. Eakins informs us that the ten dency of the berries to drop from the stems so soon after being picked is the result of the recent rain. Shipping Note. — The steamer --'a- garea arrived from the Abrolhos Is lands at six. o'clock yesterday even ing with a full load of guaiio. She will leave again on S-itui'lay. 'Plenty of Work, but No Pay.'— A Portuguese laborer named Joseph Gomez sued George Win. Jno. Nor ris in the Police Court yesterday for moneys due iu respect o'l certain work done al the iatter's farm, Mt. Erin. The plaiatiil stated that he had dor.e a. consiaurame quauuiy oi clearing and wood cutting work, lioth on piecework .md for -5ay wages, but had not received full payment. The total amount of tin* claim was £11 UJs 2d, of which he had only receiv ed a few shillings. The vork exten ded over ;t period from July to De cember. Mr. A. T Mnls, who ap peared for Cr'.iino/, cross-examined the defendant at some length, after which the R.M. said that ii was clear that ne hail worked the foreig ner and ha«l trie-l (j get out of pay ment. A verdict for £15 Is 2ci., which included costs, was given, in default, distress ; in default, one month's imprisenme;''.. Five poui.os was ordered to !ic uai.l forthwith, and the balance before March 3 1st. Agricultural Coi-forenco.— The agen da gaper of 1 lie Conference of Pro ducers bids fair to ue a very full one. Alrea-iy several important re solutions have boon framed bv Far mers' Associations, and definite pro mises have h'.-cj received from seve ral gentl^n»«.'ii wi':in- to prepare a:xl read papers. The following have been promised — From Mr. W. -'ut- ton Grashy (well-known as Uio agri cultural editor nf the ' Westein Mail' and the 'West, Australian'), 'Hulk Handling of Wheat :' Mi F. H Oliver. 'P.ost Wheats Toi the Dis trict ;' Mr. H. J. Staff...r«l a 'Poul- try' paper, anri Mr. A. li. (?. Xash, 'Fa rr.i Compcli (ion*. ' ' Howling Clu'r.'s Tournament —Four ?:inies in the 'Wood' trophy match have been plaved. with the follo^ iner result :— P.ev. Sauuders beat Shackletou. 32—2-3 ; Randlc boat ». Grimish, 32—15 ; Dixon beat R«x, H — lr : Pels beat Holmes, 31—25. Fire Brigades' Demonstration. — a meeting of the comirittee of the K.is ter Demonstration was held on Tucs dav evening. A deal of routine busi ness was jot through, arid arrange ments were reported us woll for ward. Householders are requested to anticipate the house to house ca.n vass of the town by making up their minds tiS to whether they will help the demonstration along by housing some of the firemen. The secretary tMr. S Haddy) will be pleased to hear from anyone as to the number of visitors they are prepared to '?put up.' The payment required is also to be stated. The Weather.— Very hot weather conti?iiies in Oeraldton, the temper ature to-day being over 102~and yes terday 102 degrees. The forecast to day is for continued fine and clear to not reathor generally, with north east win-is. Ocean .— St rong south winds to gales on the New South Wales coast. Military Horses Required— The at tention of breeders .and o'wneis of horses of the cuvihy, carriage and light lony type js I'irccted to an advertisenn nt elsewhere in this issue by the Department of Defence. The Death -A Mrs. A hear n. — The inquirv in-Ai the death « f Kmm.i Elizabeth AlM-v.rn. agr-d -Ifl, w'udioc curred suddenlv at Walkaway on .Ji,n uarv 21th. was eonelmJed l-j-lay be fore Mr. Gee, R.M. It will be' re memberc-l that Dr. llungerfor-l con (iucict1 a post iiotfcm examiu-xti.in of the I o«iy o:- the day subseqJK-nt to death, and sent' p.n tiv.115 of the iii ternal organs to Perth for analysis. The analyst's certificate produce-.! was to Uic ert«t that the stomach contained 1 200.(Hh p.ir( of a grain of arsenic— insufficient i»i itself to cause death. A verdict was returned that death was due to natural causes. Boat Licenses. — Boat owners aro reminded that the Oh.impion Pay Boat Licersin^ Hoard wil! sit at the Court House on February 28th. All boats must he at the icily slip at 11.30 in the forenoon fi-r inspection by the Board. Convent Art Union — Elsewhere i' our columns will he foun-i the resit!1 of the drawing in connection with the Presentation '.'Ion von I a't union. Three of the prUc-5 io to In-lanl. three to Lawyers. t«o to SatuNtone. two to Geraldton, an-l one each to Carnarvon, \aimim-, and Walka?-ay. 