ASSISTED IMMIGRATION. m By NEWTON WANLISS. IV. ~ MELBOURNE 'ARGUS'' SCHEME OF IMMIGRATION EXAMINED. Immediately after the result of the late referendum the Melbourne. ' Argus:' pub lished a series of articles entitled 'Room for Ten Millions,' in which it advocated assisted immigration on a colossal scale. The ' Argus ' is a journal of high stand ing, and it has given its advocacy, to many measures which have been of ad vantage to the Australian people. It re flects largely the views of the commer cial, business, and professional men of Victoria. The series of articles in question were published with the evident desire of stimulating public interest in assisted im migration. The articles are extremely in teresting; not as reflecting the views of the Victorian or any other State Govern ment, but as showing the violent extremes to which intemperate pro-immigration ad vocates are prepared to go. Indeed, if public opinion be not quickly educated on this most important of. questions, there is great danger, from the pressure that is now being brought to bear on both Commonwealth and State Governments in the way of forcing their hands on this question^ that Australia may find itself embarked before long on an immigration policy of a far bigger scale than its public men have at the present time any inten tion of indulging in. It is proposed now to deal with some of the arguments, suggestions, and infer ences contained in the A'arious 'Argus' articles referred to. What strikes the reader in the first place is the gross spirit of materialism pervading them. There is no .-pretence that the enormous advent of population advocated would improve the moral fibre of our nation: there is no sug gestion even that our race would not thereby be deteriorated. That important side of the question is never referred to. There is no attempt made , to' prove that the alleged increase of wealth would be better distributed than our wealth is now. In America immigration on a gigantic scale has certainly had the effect of pro ducing a crop of millionaires, whatever advantage that may be. The initial article of the series — there are , twelve in all — opens by stating that Australia wants more people, that farmers and pastoralists require hands, that miners are scarce, that there are not suf ficient operatives, and that more domes tics are required. - Now the shortage of labor in Australia at the present time alluded to by the 'Argus' is a fact. The reason is as-fol^ lows:— Our land, which is the source of all wealth, has been blessed by a succes sion of wonderful seasons during the last eight years, and our normal increase of population has been unable to keep pace with our temporary prosperity. We have had such a series of seasons as we can only expect once or twice in a century. The conditions are abnormal. When Aus tralia reverts to normal or drought sea sons again there will doubtless be no lack of labor in all departments. Until the last three or four years probably every State Government, certainly every Vic torian Government, on the approach of winter was worried by the importunities of the unemployed. This will occur again when the present boom ceases. The following extracts, which explain 'in a/ nutshell the main suggestion of the series of articles referred to, viz., that Australia should endeavor by means of assisted immigration to double its popu lation by the census of 1921, are worthy of some analysis: — 'Australia,' it is stated, 'should de cide to do what the United States of America have done, and what Canada is doing. Both these countries have shown that the way to national . great ness and sound national prosperity lies in bringing in a large population, not in scores and hundreds, but in hundreds of thousands. ... All that is'wanting is ?the will and energy to embark upon immigration on a large scale. All that is heeded is that the people of Aus tralia. should take as their aim 'ten millions by next census.' . . . Ordinary means are incapable of giving jis the population we require. Extraordinary efforts must be adopted. There is only one way. That way is immigration. ... Canada's aim during the next ten years is to double her population; that should be Australia's aim, too. It means the importation of something like 4,000,000... . , .immigrants into Australia.' The sound national prosperity of the ? States and its internal conditions can be judged by readers of The Worker by re ferring to article No. 3 herein dealing with the industria.1 condition of the States. Now it is interesting to query where does the ' Argus ' propose to get the 400,000 immigrants a year during the next ten years. The most natural and proper place would be Great Britain, peopled by our own kinsfolk. In that connection Mr. John Burns, the well-known member of the present British Cabinet and President of the Local Government Board, in an address on immigration to the Imperial Conference recently sitting in London, said on June 9 last; according to cable gram:— ' With the diminishing birthrate it would be' unsafe~for Great Britain to exceed an. outflow of 300,000 immigrants yearly. The Dominions were entitled to the overflow, but they must not empty the tank.' It may be taken then, on Mr. Burns's authority — and- there could not be a bet ter—that Great Britain lias an available surplus population of 300,000 per annum for immigration. Such a statement de livered officially from such an .authority forms an excellent basis as to the capa bilities of British emigration. But if the whole of the British emigrants were avail able for Australia it would still be neces sary to tap foreign countries for 100,000 per annum, or 25 per cent, of the whole. But the whole of the 300,000 would not be available for Australia — far from it. The following quotation from article No. 3 of the 'Argus' series will be of in terest. Referring to immigration to Canada it says:- — . ' So successful have these efforts been that out of this year's half million immigrants it is calculated that 200,000 will be from Great Britain.' Taking the ' Argus ' figures as cor rect, and deducting the Canadian-British immigrants i from the 300,000' available, that leaves only IQ.0,000 British emigrants available outside Canada for the present year. But as Canada intends to double her -population within the next , ten years, it is clear that the British emigrants into Canada during that time .will. not diminish but will- rather increase. It may, there fore, .be safely stated, if the 'Argus' figures are correct, that 200,000 British emigrants . -will go to Qanada . annually . during the5 next ten years;- r&av;'ing 100,000 annually available for other places. There is a considerable British emigration to the United States, South Africa, New Zealand, South America, India, and the East. In the' year 1909 the United States alone absorbed upwards of .100,000 British immigrants. At the very most and with the greatest exertions it is improbable that Australia would obtain more than half of these available immigrants, viz., 50,000 a year; or in ten years 500,000 Britishers, leaving a residue of 3,00t),000 foreigners to complete the necessary 4,000,000.. From what foreign countries could we expect the three and a half mil lions? A handful might come from the States, . for with Canada and Mexico on the frontiers, these countries will natur ally attract the majority of its surplus population. We would them require to look to the continent of Europe. Our Scandinavian, German and Danish cousins make excellent colonists. But the tre mendous expansion of German trade dur ing the last twenty years has absorbed almost the whole of its surplus popula tion. For the five years. — 1905-1909 (both inclusive) — only about 125,000 Germans emigrated (i.e., about 25,000 a year), and they nearly all went to the United States. Scandinavia and Denmark are sparsely populated countries with very little over flow. The population of France is sta tionary, if -not actually declining. It would be necessary, therefore, to have recourse to Southern and -Eastern Europe to supply the vast majority of the 3% million foreigners necessary to complete the 'Argus' immigration scheme— the very class of immigrants we do not on any account desire to see in Australia; Bohemians, Bulgarians, Servians, Czechs, Slavs, Greeks, and Polish Jews (the Polish Jew is already very much in evi dence in South Africa and the_ United States) would be the type we would have to -expect. It must be remembered' too that the immigration tap could not be turned pff at the end. of ten years. The torrent of immigrants would then be so strong that it would be impossible to step them. What would be the result? Let us examine the facts. The present population of Australia is just about 4% millions. If .the scheme propounded in the 'Argus ' -columns was adopted in its gigantic entirety in 1921, almost half of our population would be Uitlanders, and as the torrent of immi grants kept pouring in, the native Aus tralian race in fifteen or twenty years would be a hopeless minority, out-voted and out-numbered at every turn, and the policy and destinies of the continent would be controlled byr a- heterogeneous crowd of strangers, who could not liavo that love for Australia that exists iivthe. hearts of those whose ancestors fiave been on -the soil for two or three genera tions. It has been -pointed out the type of immigrant we would have to expect — men alien to our civilisation, to our modes of thought, to .our .aspirations. Australia would no! longer be .Australia — as we know; it.' It would be filled t-y an alien, heterogeneous, mongrel,, polyglot ; population.' The schemed is* absolutely revolutionary. . None of .y' our wildest Socialists' have ever propounded anything so drastic. And this extraordinary scheme is advocated .and urged to to* necessary owing to a temporary de$res (Continued on Page 5.) ' ' ' »'* 'iff' '' 1' '?'''ViT'l ASSISTED IMMIGRATION. (Continued from Page 3.) sion in the labor market. Surely the remedy is infinitely worse than the dis ease. . . The following extracts from the second article of the series demand . considera tion:— ; ' . ' Immigration,' it is stated, ' is im mensely more profitable to a country than natural increase of population. *. . Immigrants are, for the most part, over the, age of fifteen years. The expense therefore of bringing them up through childhood has been borne by their coun tries of origin. That cost is consider able. . . . Up to the age of fifteen years ? the child produces nothing. He does no work, yet hq has to be fed and clothed, educated, housed, and cared for. It . all costs money. . . . In the United States, where the cost of living is much the same as in Australia, the . cost is 1200 dollars, or £240. This means that every healthy . immigrant ? . .'.''who comes into the Commonwealth is a. direct saving of £240 to the coun try.'.' Could there be a more unfair and un patriotic inference than that the Austra lian population,, nourished and nurtured on the soil, absorbing its traditions, so to speak, with its mother's milk, is in ferior to the imported immigrant, coming the following in reference to ? the defence of Australia 'Every immigrant, in addition to being a defence asset, would provide through the Customs-house the money to pay for his training and equipment. Australia wants people to defend it. Immigration provides peoiile who not only defend it but materially lessen the cost.'-' . ' The Defence Act of 1910 makes train ing and service compulsory in Australia in time of peace. For the first time in any English speaking community the - principle of universal liability for train ing was made law;. All male inhabitants of Australia who are British subjects and have resided therein for six months are (with special exemptions)' liable to be trained in the cadet forces from 12 to 18 years of age, such training to be con tinued with ex-cadets ? in the Citizen Forces for a further period of eight years. As the vast majority of the im migrants under -the 'Argus' scheme would be foreigners, they would not be liable for service until naturalised, and as very few even of the immigrants of British stock would be under eighteen years of age on arrival, they, too, would not be liable for 'service. Hence in the event of an invasion of Australia on a big scale the vast bulk of the fighting would be done by the Australian- trained levies who would be pouring out their \ blood like water to protect the persons and property of foreigners planted on their soil. No doubt if Australia had the misfortune to, be invaded by any foreign power, large numbers of .. who.se...citizens ! were on our soil, many of those- citizens would be. useful as spies and scouts— to the enemy. It -is unnecessary- to pursue this subject further. A most alluring and enticing picture is drawn in the series of 1 articles ,of{;the wonderful effects a ' system of; 'assisted immigration .will have on Australia. There will be more comfort, less taxation; more wealth, more defenders of the country, greater facilities for transport and communication; trade and commer^ cial advantages, etc.,' etc. Australia ig to become a veritable Utopia, if its people will only - 'adopt immigration on a gigantic scale. n . ' -. Having given the* opinion ..of .the 'Argus' on the theory of immigration it is refreshing to hear.-;the -same_ journal on the subject whenr its theories, are.: being adopted, in practice.. In June last'*; the 'Argus ' sent -'up a special reporter to visit the new ' 'immigration settlement near Rochester, Victoria. The following are some extracts ? from '.the account of the settlement at Nannella piven by the cold blooded, and , unimaginative reporter who. states, fac.t^ i and does riiot indulge in theories.- He. says . ('Argus,' 14th June last):—.' 'A cursory, inspection proves . that if the -new occupants of the land are to succeed greater : enthusiasm ;will have to' 'be ' imparted' in- ?'the ? general' scheme. Here -and there an exhibition; of real gi;it;.is.'tq- be noted, but generally -such a^characteristic is lamentably wanting. The merest knowledge; -in some' cases, ?of .farm work, is absent. Three, men each driving* a toy harrow is a common sight notwithstanding . that the Austra lian bred neighbor is doing the same with, one horse and. an adequate equip- ? ment. This lack of economic facilities is outstanding, and no excuse for it ' can overcome the fact that such sett lers are on land that many Australians view with envy. . . . Nannella is the settlement which is considered the most satisfactory of the group. No experienced occupier could fail given the same facilities. A colony of native- . born settlers on such. land would afford a valuable object lesson. : (The heavier type is our own.) The above quotation is a striking com mentary on- the statement, that 'immi- gration is immensely more profitable to a country than natural increase of popu lation.' Other comments might be.' made on the articles, but it is not necessary, sary.' In conclusion, it is to be regretted that a high-class journal like the 'Argus,' and one which commands the ? respect of the community, however' good it3 intentions may be, should allow its columns' to be used in advocating a scheme which, if carried out in its entirety, must subvert the whole status of Australian society - and produce social and industrial condi tions which future generations of Aus tralians must look back on with poignant regret. But assisted immigration ap pears to have become an obsession with that journal recently. 