Lecture on Irrigation. BY MR. EI,WOOD MEAD. A large audience assembled at the Town Hall last night to War Mr. jSlwood Mead's lecture oil'irrigation, under the auspices of tlio Echuca Agricultural Society. Th0 t?T;air was occupied by Mr. A. Sv. 11.' White, who apologised for tho absence of the pre sident (Mr. A. M. Mnetier), who in con irtqucnco of .a bereavement was unable to bo present. Ho desired to extend Mr Mead a hearty welcome, tind was- suro that the audience would listen attentively to what lie had to say on the important .subject of irrigation. (Applause.) . • Mr. Mead, who was received with hear ty applause, said that a very considerable amount of money lrtul been "spent on the Gonlburn scheme. It had now reached a point in its development that must ha'-e a very beneficial cfFecfc on Echuca. The Government had acquired some 14,000 or 15,000 acres of land at Bama.vm which at'the timo of purchase had a I'opihvtion of only three persons to the square mile* Since the land had been subdivided the population had considerably increased,, and wa«5 now betwen 50 and 100 to tho square mile. (Applause.) Bamawm had 12,000 •acres crossed by seven canals, which had been constructed to supply all tho land north of that district to tho Murray rivor. The channels would have to be extended 80 as to enablo the surplus water to be discharged into the Murray, It was the intention of tho/Government to extend these channels northward as rapidly AS possible; in .fact U,.contract laid already oen let for the construction of one of them. Every mile brought the journey within the sphere of influence on Echuca, and't would be found that after a few-miles further tlu) trade would naturally gravitate to wards this town. (Applause.) At Mildura they had an .example of. what could be drne wtih irrigated agriculture. In that district on 31,000 acres there wore 5000 people, and in the busy season G000. Last year over £250.000 of fruit was pro tlueed, and £34,000 in passenger faros and freight was paid to the railways. A simi lar development with the irrigable areas of Rodney, which was nearly 20 times the area of Mildura, would cause a rush of people from all over Austraia. Proceed ing, Mr. Mead referred to tho scheme of immigration adopted by tho Government. A splendid succession of pictures was then thrown 01 the screen showing some of the irrigation methods adopted in countries through which Mr. M'TCenzie and he had travelled in search of suitable im migrants for our own lands. The lectur er, as tho pictures appeared, gave a lucid explanation of the actual facts connected therewith'. Passing through Italy, Mr. Mend, by menus of the views, showed huge canals and storage reservoirs that had been constructed at a cost of millions. The Ita lian farmer, especially in the Lombard district, was not of the pedler type. He was skilled in the. nrt of intense culture, nnd at 0110 place visited by the delegation Irnd that was formerly worth only £1 per acre had been so developed as to now bo worth £i!2 per acre. The two great pro ducts woro milk and hay. From Italy th" lecturer, by means of tho pictures, toolc--his audience through Denmark, where many persons were snaking a good living on four acres by growing garden ;\nd lu cerne seed, and ho thought that this could he made a profitable industry in Victoria.'* Nearly all our pardon seeds were obtained from abroad. Dairying was also largely curried on, the type of cow selected being principally the- Red Danish. Dairymen did-not cut their lucerne as was done in -Victoria. The cows were tethered in the lucerne fields, thus saving a considerable amount of labor. Ho thought this method could ho adopted with success on -oiu* small-holdings. One of. tho colleges in Denmark was owned by farmers, who dis played jnueh interest i" the latest methods of intense culture.. Some interesting views in England and Scotland were also shown. America was next visited, and pictures of irrigated fields, alfalfa meadows, or chards,, and sugar beat farms greatly in terested tho audience. As tho. result of intense culture land that wtts formerly wcrtli £20 per aero was now bringing £150 and £200 per acre. "Nothing," said Mr. Mea<3, "is possible in Northern California that is not possible in the Northern dis trict of Victoria. All we want is energy and confidence."' (Loud applause.) - Mr. J. W. Arthur ICelly moved a hearty voterof thanks to Mr. Mend for his highly instructive address. The matter of his subject had given the audience much food for thought. In Mr. Mead we had a very fine asset indeed. (Applause.) Tho vote was earned by acclamation, and,Mr Mend replied in a few appropriate words. 