CURRENT NOTES. Mr. Fisher's Fiction. It took thirty years' painful and patriotic effort to build tlic Federation. Is it to be demolished, after ten years' trial, to pay the political debts of a few bankrupt. Labour bosses? The deu.s in terra has spoken. He has said all that cnn he said in favour of his violent Constitution wrecking proposals. Yet he has not spoken one word that any intelligent inan or woman can accept as good reason for the destructive fundamental changes which he seeks. Mr. Fisher, in the role of the benevolent despot, assuring the world that he only alms at a well-ordered society in which all shall be justiv treated, and shall pursue happicess guided and aided by his divine acumen. Would be diverting if the position were not so menacing. He has not made appeal to the head, to the heart; not to sense, but to emotion. 1.3 believes one-tenth part of what he said, .-.-,--. j :5 j s jyiost misguided man in Aus- ; for his proposals are thinly disguised i cation, and are milestones on a very short load to Socialism. They were conceived in a eplrit of rebellion against society as it is constituted to-day, and as it is organised for its CftH government. Nothing that the Labour loader can say can alter the fact that the Industrial Referendum is the outcome of discontent anion est the whole-hog Socialists in thd Caucus. He may solemnly swear that the evils predicted will not follow if he is given his way, and he will do this in good faith. But that is Do guarantee that once the authority to do illdeeds is given the party it will not he exercised. Mr. Fisher and his Cabinet can no more hold back the wild, harum-scarum, fed,ion of the Caucus than a fly can slop Mr. llammond in his biplane. Thev only lead in the sense that the dust is in front of the broom. They are the creatures of the Caucus. In essentials they must obey ; in non- essentials they must do as they are bidden ; in all things they must kowtow to the great uncrowned Caucus. * * * » The Federalists had to light the Labour Leagues to usher in nationhood. With so few exceptions that they could be counted on the ITngore of oiie band. Labour members united in opposing the Constitution. They hated it from the inception. Their hatred has grown since thev discovered that it was framed in the in- terests of the greatest good of the greatest number. Their sense of public rights is contained in the phrase, "What's mine is my own, and what's yours is mine." By hook or by crook they are pushing on towards their goal of nationalisation of all the means of production, distribution, and exchange. Mr. Holman let the cat out of the bag when he urged the abolition of the High Court and the Senate. The latter has become merely the echo of the Labour 'party in the House of Representatives, and were these conditions to continue there might be good grounds for wiping it out as needless expense. The Senate, however, was created to champion the rights of the Stiates as States. It is an absolutely integral part of the Constitution. Without this express protection the smaller States would never have joined in federation. The High Court was created as-an extra Parliamentary tribunal, which would hold the scales of justice between Commonwealth and States, and between the Governments and citizens, with impartiality. The Caucus cannot bully the judges of the High Court. It cannot cow them into submission as it does 1 Mr. Fisher and his colleagues behind locked doors. This very independence is what the Socialist most detests. He objects to anybody or any tribunal other than himself exercising any authority. He is such a whole-souled democrat that no more tyrannical tyrant ever breathed. The High Court is the* umpire specially selected to see that the great game of government is played fair by the two sets of Governments set up by the Constitution. But the Caucus claims that the umpire should only give his decisions in its favour. Because it will not > do so, it wants to wipe out the umpire and substitute its own whimsical and brutally partisan will. The High Court has done no wrong ; but in the eyes of the Caucus it can do no, right. With it out of the way, the Labour party would ride roughshod over its opponents. * * * * It is 110 time to discuss the proper structure of fireproof buildings when one's building is on fire. The Federal edifice will soon be blazing if the Fisher Ministry has its way. It is already suffering from the work of incendiaries. And all because the Caucus has a blind hatred of the Constitution, which was declaimed by the civilised world as a masterpiece of human ingenuity, and because the Cabinet must buy its way. The Labour party has bought its way to power by promises of bettering the condition of the masses. The quickest way to do this is to despoil the classes. The "Haves" are attacked for the benefit of the "Havenots." Unfortunately, Mr. Fisher is not a classical scholar. He has not read the fable of the Belly and the members. The members could slokv down so long as the Belly was healthy and active, but the moment the Belly was stilled the members starved. If the Labour party succeeded in robbing the classes they would, by the same act, ruin the masses. For their welfare is interdependent. That counts not, because Ministers have pledged their supporters to improve their material well-being Cinderella fashion. They are all to ride in carriages, and the Constitution is to be set on fire in order that the obstacles to 1 this predatory and suicidal policy may be burnt up. For unless Ministers can go on raising wages and reducing hours their electors will ask—"What use are you to us ?" "Employers," said Mr. Justice Higgins, "are to be left free to use their own judgment and discretion in their efforts to meet the difficult conditions of modern industry." That is the last thing the Caucus will concede. It wants to wipe out the employer altogether to usher in an era of Socialism. The transfer of the powers sought from the States to the Commonwealth would (be a long stride" towards unification. It would be like ringbarking a tree. The State Parliaments might look healthy enough for a while, but they would inevitably die. The whole government of the continent would be handed over to the tender mercies of cranks in the Caucus. Socialism would be reached in double-quick time by Labour laws exterminating the employing class. Mr. Fisher would figure as Director- General of a Southern Utopia. Sir Edmund Barton epitomised the Commonwealth and its Constitution as "a continent for a nation, and a nation for a continent." The Caucus would have it "a continent for Mr. Fisher, and Mr. Fisher for a continent." But Australia is not educated down to the dull level of applied Socialism yet. The Prime Minister may spin as many fine tales as he pleases, and coo as innocently as a sucking dove. His industrial referendum is slow poison to the Constitution. He may wish ' to talk about other constitutions as demented Republicans did in France when they overthrew the monarchy. But with the building on fire, Australians are too sane a people not to get to work with a good head of water, and vote "no" on 26tli April. A Parliament for the Empire. The dreaming of dreams has . recominencftd with the approach of the Imperial Conference. Imperial Federation is a hardy perennial. The Coronation and the Conference combined have again brought it into prominence. Empire builders are more sanguine than ever that this year will see' definite steps taken towards a consummation of their ideal. The Imperial spirit has quickened in the homeland and 'in the far-flown dominions since the last Conference was held. Hard-headed men like Sir BevaiTEdwards, whose military report produced Australian Federation, believe that forces which cannot be resisted are welding {.he Empire together. -Foreigners, on the other hand, see in the Empire a mundane Milky Way. In the heavens congeries of suns are travelling different ways. European countries which envy Britain's greatness maintain that the Old Country and the new lands are following the course of the suns in the Milky Way. That they are wrong, every Britisher knows; but that the Conference in May will advance the cause of Imperial Federation very appreciably cannot be so confidently asserted. As a Conference it will not be as influential as that ot 1903 or 19M7. In the interval since the memorable meeting over which Mr. Chamberlain presided, the' Oversea Dominions have made-giant strides in population and in wealth. But the great issues, which, in Mr. Chamberlain's hands, became of national moment, have, since his enforced retirement, degenerated in$o the sport of party politics. "Think Imperially" was Mr. Chamberlain's watchword.'" "Count noses" is the advice of Mr. Harcourt, his successor. The present Secretary of State can no more fill the position which Mr. Ghaniberlaln so distinguished than the Uncle in "Vice Versa" could fill his famous chair after be bad touched the transforming token. At the outset it was hoped that these Conferences would gradually evolve into a kind of Imperial Cabinet, where matters of mutual interest would be finally determined— the several Parliaments interested subsequently ratifying the decisions of the Conference; but the prophets have once more been found out. * * .# • It has become a purely consultative body. No Prime Minister from overseas, and no member of the Imperial Cabinet, has any authority to pledge his Parliament, and carry out the resolutions passed. All they can do .now is to table declaratory motions, to carry them, and to express the pious hope that the Parliaments will honour their bond. Mr. Fisher will, in point of fact, have less authority than that of any previous Australian Prime Minister. Ilis right to attend the Conference at all is most seriously questioned by the Labour machine. He dare not subscribe to any scheme without saying "subject to the consent of the Caucus." Sir Edmund Barton in 1903 returned with an extension of the naval agreement for ten years. 1 He had to stake the life of his Ministry upon that agreement to get it made Federal law. And, again, when asking for a vote of £30,000 for the Victoria Memorial, he had to threaten resignation before it was approved. When Mr. Deakin returned four years ago with a big scheme to co-ordinate tlie land defence forces, he also had to risk the life of his Cabinet before he could secure the adoption of his proposal. Mr. Fisher may bring back important resolutions, but he will not presume to honour i one of them unless the machine gives him permission. • • * « Judged from the standpoint of personality, the Conference does not, therefore, appear to offer very golden opportunities for a definite approach towards an Imperial Parliament. Yet there are influences at work which do make for closer union, Switzerland, Germany, the United States, Canada and Australia all federated for the same motives—defence and commerce. Signs are not. wanting that precisely the same influences control the future of the Empire. Japan is the touchstone of the situation so far as two of the dominions are concerned. With 50,000,000 .of people all trained to the use of arms, established in .Asia as the only world power in that great continent, she dominates the Pacific, and, consequently, threatens at one and the same time Canada and Australia. Preservation is the first law of nations, as of men. Canada and Australia are building their own fleets. It will take them ten years before they can have efficient navies. Meantime, they must be dependent upon Great Britain's naval supremacy. Were that lost they would instantly become the prey of any large power which cared to disembark troops on Vancouver Island or in Tasmania. For naval purposes, therefore, the oversea dominions must remain in close touch with the Mother Country for another ten years. In the interim, Loud Kitchener's scheme for standardising the land forces of the Empire will be carried out, and the Imperial army will become a series of interdependent units. » * . * * Beyond defence, there is no ground for common action that would further cement Britishfeeling people at present. The 'White Australia Policy absolutely precludes any possibility of Mr. Chamberlain's vision of Freetrade within the Empire. No Imperial Parliament could be constituted that could adjust Australia's prohibition of the coloured man to the development of our rich Indian Empire. There are insuperable obstacles to a more intimate union than exists. Some of the great pro-Consuls suggest that an Imperial Parliament should be created which would deal only with Imperial affairs. They maintain that if Great Britain were to knock off all domestic matters from her present Parliament, and the colonies were to send representatives to a new Parliament of the Empire, Imperial Federation would foecome an accomplished fact. It is only necessary, however, to study the records of the Conferences which have met in the last twenty - one years to realise that this is outside the realm of practical politics. If responsible Ministers from every part of the Empire have not in that time been able to carry out their resolutions, how could any person, not the prey to sentiment, expect the proposed Imperial Parliament to legislate for the British Empire? At the same time, what is impossible to-day may become probable ten years hence. Some sudden national peril may accomplish in a day what a generation of talk has failed to do. Imperial Federation will 'be a matter of gradual growth. If a National Parliament were elected to-morrow, Great Britain with her teeming millions would dominate it. Forty years lience the great overseas dominions will control the destinies of the Empire. In 1950 the population of Australia may be thirty, perhaps forty, millions. At the end of the century it may be a hundred million, and the capital of the Federated Empire may, for all we know, be in Melbourne. The Butter Swindle. The Troglodyte is once more abroad in the land. He can" find no use for an Imperial trademark ; he can see no reason why Australia should have a big perishable produce depot in London. ,He would have us go on as we have been going, come what may. But this policy of letting things slide does not appeal to the progressive Australian. The London " Chamber of Commerce may object to an Imperial trademark. It may also oppose the erection of a special depot in London. It is an interested body. It does not want a trade-mark. It does not wish for new depots. Both these departures would deprive many of its members of a very lucrative trade. Australia is very badly placed in the Old Country at present. Most people are under the impression that heir butter trade gives her an enormous advertisement there. In point of fact, not one householder in a million knows he is eating Australian butter when he does so. It is sold by unprincipled retailers as having been made in France or Denmark. Cable quotations show that Danish but- ter&rings; 6/ otS/ ti c&l.; more " tKan'^AuStralian butter. - The English retailer' who, therefor^, buys Australian butter in-the present depressed market, and palms it off as-Danish, makes-a verf handsome and illicit profit. And -as long as he is permitted to ^perpetrate this. frau3 he will do Every week during the season 1500tons of grass-fed butter in "cold-storage -fehanjbers is landed on • the London market. -In- 1910, 51,000,000ft. of Australian gutter jsrent , to England alone, and its value was £2,700;OjDO. *Leadirig merchants in Tooley-street state that in spite of its long journey our butter is in a first-class state of preservation when it...-reaches London. It ought to be. It is made up in factories equipped with every possible scientific apparatus. It is tested by the Government in order that it may be standard quality. It leaves our shores with the Government brand on it ,* but this brand does not find its way into the home of the consumer. The small shopkeeper retails it in pats, not boxes, and upon the pat there is no Government brand. It behoves Victoria to break down this prejudice on the part of the English peop>« It is not founded on dislike of the Australian article by the consumer, but only by the greed of the retailer. • • • * If Victorian butter is to receive due recognition in Great Britain one or two things are imperative. The exporters at this end must combine, and open shops in London, where their produce will be sold as Australian. Or the Government should <build a depot in London, and only sell to retailers who will purvey the butter without disguising its place of origin. Even if only a Id. a lb. were added to the value of Australian butter toy this means, the increase would mean another £250,000 to the factories ; and, since they are co-operative to the farmer, it should not be difficult to obtain 3d. or even 4d. more than at present, when the appreciation would be one million pounds. . If Australian butter is not equal to Danish butter the sooner we know this the better, and the quicker the middle-man is arrested in his game of robbing the producer bv obliterating brands, the better it will be for Australia. When Mr. Murray is in London in May he may well spare the time to place bur butter export trade on a proper footing. Labour Bureau Wanted. There is something very statesmanlike in the conception of a clearing house for ' the Empire. London papers appear to have taken Federal Ministers' immigration resolution as practical politics. Forty-seven per cent, of the immigrants leave Great Britain annually to find their way to foreign shores. If this stream, could be turned into the oversea dominions, then would the Empire greatly profit. But the idea that a Central Bureau could be established at the present time, where the demands of the trans-oceanic colonies could be supplied, is mere hot air. Very many people* gifted with particularly long sight have to wear spectacles in order to read. Federal Ministers want to put on their spectacles. The first National Labour Bureau should be established in Australia, and precedent to that each State should have its own bureau.^^^aA^-^tesrfhild has to toddle before it can-^v^lt,. ^ necessary to have Statej^^^^-^and^^ter^l Bureaux before an becomes; arictical. . J" '. Victoria hig^oOjsock* 'press the present r ^ ~ tion.and disti ssity at r organisasupply. The Government BOtMii/' vNii&f;^ in connection with Railways an public works, fulfils very serviceable functions. It steadies the market of casual labour, but is only of use to men who are bent upon Governent stroke. It is utterly useless as regards the general labour market outside. There are at the present moment many splendid factories in this city, which, without any industrial trouble to disturb , the relation between master and man, have not got more than half the staff which they could employ. Rows upon rows of empty benches speak of the shortage and the supply of suitable labour. Yet there are other callings in which the masters are overwhelmed byapplications for jobs. The Government has taken in charge the general oversight of capital and labour. With humanitarian labour acts it has fixed the conditions under which artisans shall work. With the wages board system it has provided authority to settle the wages they shall be paid. But the State has stopped short of the all-important point of distributing the labour supply, so that all the factories shall be filled. . . * * * e Half the industrial troubles which." dislocate and destroy trade at the present moment would be averted if the State only saw that every man was ready for a task, and that a task was ready for every man. In the State Schools, in our Technical Colleges, in our Schools of Mines, and in our University, we set ourselves .to provide a system of education by which every man can equip himself for any walk of life that he may fancy. But of what use is it for one hundred boys to decide that they will become boot machinists or electrical experts, if already those callings are overcrowded. The puzzle which the parents have to solve in the familiar conundrum—"What shall we do with our boys ?" —is made a hundred times more difficult by the fact that there is at present no means by which they can ascertain whether their sons or daughters can be successfully placed in any vocation. They settle their children's futui? in the dark, and they are launched in life to ta - pot luck. Nothing could be easier than to supp.riu.10se on our wages .board system machinery which would provide a Central Bureau with reliable data as to the demand for Labour in each and every walk of life. Every one of the boards consists of masters and men, who know exactly how many men are employed, and what the probable expansion of any industry would be in the immediate future. It would be absurd, of;course, to suppose that this body should so adjust demand and supply that there would be no casual workers, the .fluctuating body of men- who are essential to the ebb and flow in the life of every factory. But, broadly, on the • lines we have indicated, a bureau could be established which would be of inestimable value to the whole community. ) 