MR. SPEAKER WILLIS, Mr. Henrj' Willis, Speaker of the New South Wales Parliament, Is one ot the greatest political puzzles that lias ever been discovered in New South .Wales. In 1907, when he contested the Robert son, seat against Mr. W. J. Johnson, lie denounced the Labor party an being in league with the Socialists-as men, who, if they got into power, would (1) break up the homes; (2) take the children from their parents; (3) abolish the marriage tie; (4) confiscate all priv ate property of every description and redistribute it amongst the criminals and wasters, who, he said, were behind the iLabor Party. No man during the (Federal elections ofl 1907 created a greater scare than did Mr. Henry Willis .by his anti-socialism speeches. Willis has ability. There is no doubt of that. Moreover few men have gleaned so ex tensively and with Buch scrupulous care as he Jn the fields of literature. Few men have Willis' retentive memory and fertile Imagination and analytical mind. Few there are who have nerves ol" steel like Willis. Hence there are . very lew who can beat down opposition and heckling like Willis. It would appear that he is a man without serves, so marvellous is his self- posBesBlon, and so well equip ped is he to even make logic look re diculous -by his powers ol equivocation. Yet how has he prostituted his great natural ability by his unholy thirst for the limelight. Willis has shown him self an opportunist of the front rank during the whole course of his political career. He has never proved himself a staunch party man. But few were Inclined to blame him for that, the great majority being prepared to give credit for independence of thought and action. But how ^nany of those who admired him in the past ever thought that beneath the sauve manner, digni fied bearing and sanctified meln there was lurking the duplicity of the poli tical hypocrite and the political apos tate. Only a few months ago Mr. Willis was sent to Parliament by the people of the Upper Hunter as the avowed supporter of the Wade party. But since Mr. Willis lias been rushed into the Speaker's chair he has again Startled the electors of New South , Wales. At Aberdeen on Friday night he declared that Mr. Wade was the ringleader of a band of political-ruffi ans. The question now suggests Itself -does Mr. Willis possess tlic impartial mind so essential to one holding the oflice-of Speaker? How can a man tvho regards Mr. Wade and his fol lowers as a band of political ruffians be expected to treat the Opposition with the respect and courtesy and fairness which is demanded by the forms of Parliament? Mr. Willis is not a fool. On the contrary, lie is an able man, as wc have said. There fore, 1ip must be cognisant of the anomalous pois:tlon he lioids, and if Ills political reputation Is not to be besmirched further he should resign both the Speakership, and his seat in Parliament. MEM AND THINGS. (By«TheNartc«) (AD Rights Reoerped.) BpBlness announi»ment: 'RAKiE NO TICiB: hftve Teeoiried business «t the. oia ^dareBB. 'rvSOlj. ' - . «?» SquiresandBurnswereseen feed lhg flJongelde eaeh other last week In Sydney. Fact-In the paddock during fatts.'Club meeting! ? » . . .. Cabled that the State of atalne, ITfljA^ "isy e. very narrow majority, | (lasrefusedto repeal prohibition." A very-narrow roaiOMty! . .». Forty German warships manoeurved In the GreatBelt (Danish waters) and "did a great deal of injury to the Ashing fleet" ? Did somebody say they want to meet the (British Navy? God help them! » . » . They held the Austral competitions in Brisbane the other day, and among the competitions was one for a "Mono logue Sketch-In costume." All went well until a Toowoomba girl com menced a "Soliloquy of an Old Piano," but was stopped shortly after com mencement by the adjudicator because she was not In costume. Well, well. Fancy expecting the girl to dress in a piano! She would need an iron frame! . . . « Dubbo, NJS.W., is to have a little Irrigation scheme all on its own. Some years ago the Public Works Depart ment Investigated a scheme proposed for the damming of the Maequarie at a place called Terramun-Hold on! Terramungamine. The PJW.D, offi cers reported that the site was "un suitable." The fact was that they got a bit discouraged after writing the name a few times. Better luck this time, IDubbo! Mr. James Macleod, of the Victorian Agency in (London, states "that imme diate employment awaits 1000 men in the building trade in Melbourne." Ge mini! Won't the Melbourne Labour people Macleod remarks! ('Hit!) Memo, for tennis enthusiasts. The Englishmen have been beaten by the Americans in New York for the first round of the Davis Cup, which is to be .played for in New Zealand pre sently. Still, the defeated ones admit that they have Lamed a lot. The Now Name for It. At Perth, W.A., the Crown prose cuted Upcarters who had ceased work on the masters refusing Increased pay. The defence contended that they were not on strike, but had merely ceased work for higher rates. The brick makers and plumbers, who demand higher rates, also repudiate the Idea of ?being on strike. "Strike?" Oh, no! that's not the word. "Strike?" Too utterly absurd! No one strikes at this late day, They have found a better way. If we don't get what we ask, We Just drop tho tiresome task Cease to work, and walk away If we can't get higher pay. "Strike" Is not the word to use, Men are free to pick and choose: If you write for It, Just say They "ceased work" for higher pay. There are rumora going about. But the ibosB won't lock us out What's that? He's ceased work" to-day? Cripes! 'We'll make the big man pay! Burgess, the Yorkshire Tyke,1 who has Just swum the English Channel at the fourteenth time of asking, is a superstitious man. He regards "13" as a very unlucky number. Now he offers to swim across the poor, old Channel again-and also back again for £110,000. There are lots o£ Austra lians who would swim across SRBB Straits for £10,000 If the sharks would only emigrate! . # . . "The N ark's" Own Grievance. How can a poor {professional writer contend with the highly-paid competi tion of Parliament. Look here: "Mr. IDavid Storey: In view of the seeming Impossibility of conducting the business of the country during the life of this Parliament, will the Premier resign at once, and go to the country forthwith. (Cheers and disorder). "The Minister for Mines: "Oh, go and get your hair cut. (Great Laugh ter)."-"N.S.W. Parliamentary iPro ceedlngs." Oh! Ho! Ho! This-Ha! Ha! Ha! -subsidised competition of the funny men In Parliament Is too-well, it's "black]egging"-that's what it is. It's breaking the-Ha! Ha! Ha!-hearts of the-Oh, do stop!-alleged profes sional humorists. IMake me Minister for Mines-Ho! Ho!-on a big salary and see how I'll-Ob, Lor!-sparkle up! N.B.-Also P.S.: iNote: and Memo: David Storey is BAUD! Ah, Ha-a-a! and-and-and the Minister for Mines knew It! Hoo! Hoo! Ha-a-a-a! An Unnecessary Objection. A London parson with the suspici ously Anglo-Saxon name of Meyer, hat "protested" against the coming John son-Wells light being permitted. ThiB impresses me as a rather artful move on the part of the promoters to get the thing properly talked about. Any how, the rev. gentleman needna' fash hlssei'-there won't be any fight. And, surely, he can't reasonably object to a harmless -procession! . . A Song of the Sea. A week or two ago there was a great blowing of trumpets about the perfor mance of a trawler which steamed Into Melbourne or Sydney-I forget which with about twelve tons of flBh (various). I remember it "went dirt cheap"-to the fish- middlemen-because the color of the fish was different to that they had been UBed to-or said they bad. Out went the trawler again, and every body said "She'll be back in a few days with 12 or 15 tons of lovely flBh, old man: better tell ub now 'what you'll want." A few days later the gallant, old barque crawled back with less than one ton of fish (various), but to make up for that she had busted her trawls and half the tackle, trying to dislodge some of the razor-back schnapper-reefs along the S.E. coast of this tight, little Isle of Australia. The language of the fish-sellers and agents was awful. What it will be when the bill for repairs comes in, no man knoweth. Huahl The men who reckon on the Sea To pan out so much £.B.d. In Ilathead. flounder, skate and shark, Will find the Sea is JuBt a' Nark! The Sea IB like a ladye fay re, Who gjveth when she fain might spare. And spareth when her lovers wish To mi their boxes full of fish! Who shoves a trawl-beam overside, And races up and down the tide. Had better be prepared for knocks There may be fish-there mutt be rocks! Our own experience doth show That, when we heave a Une below. The sinker, which Is made of lead, May hit a Bohnapper on the head! But,, then;'.gain, it mayn't-Gadsookt! We usually find the Jnobks altedwlth oonsumm&t; »wt ed in Austral la's heart. the deep, when flBh Is the theft of works of art from the Pari* JjouvasefHoBtrowisky 7 Thename rings not all unfamiliar In our eats,: There are lots of good Australian jour nalists who begin with "hosR" and ©i with "whisky!" Wyes! . » ; » A Divine who doesn't know. In thellght ofAustralla'aexperience, it is a-muslng -to And utterances lUce this solemnly recorded In tbeBngliSh payers! 'High tariff prevents- goods coming In, and lessen the amount of duty re ceived by the Government I -haye often pointed out to them thatffitag land finds ber largest source iOf revenue. in ter. customers,'who, finding the du ties kept low.sre -notmopped from coming in, and paying upon the goods they bring." The speaker is Dr. Clifford, the Non conformist champion, . who has been viBlting the U£jS.-the place where the (Hundred Per Cent tariffs come from. Dr. Clifford is somebody in the theological circles, but his fiscal educa tion seems to have £>een sadly neglect ed. How amused the heard-headed commercial men of the States must have been to hear the old gentleman chatting in that strain. Evidently Dr. Clifford hasn't found out yet that Eng land allows in free everything she can make and produce Jiereeif, except, per haps, Bee (^machinery, hardware, fab rics, boots and shoes, furniture, fittings, chemlcalB, glass and earthenware, fancy goods, toys, apparel, etc., etc.-while she taxes heavily everything *he can not possibly produce herself-tea, to bacco, sugar, currants and ralslnB, chocolate, cocoa, brandy, wines, con densed milk, ginger, etc., etc.1 The CuBtoms Tariff of the United Kingdom is the most abBurd and illogical ar rangement of topay-turvy fiscalism in the world-the perennial Bcreaming Joke of economics! But It's going to be changed. The two "eyes" through which Aus tralia can see her great future are Immigration and Irrigation. (Good! Ed.) Thank you: I deserve it "The Nark.") # . . » When is "Freehold," Freehold. "Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings"1-you know the rest But you don't know that it has remained for the youngest member of the NOT. Leg. Ass. to point out the' Startling fact that there is actually no Buch thing as "freehold" in the Ma State! Mr. G. !R. W. McDonald is only about 27 years Old: he sits for Blngara, an agricultural district, up Manilla way. He was the only member during the heated debates over the Address-ln- Reply in the State Parliament to eluci- date anything really novel and inter esting. (Therefore, it is "up" to me to give Mr. McDonald the credit that is his due. (By-the-bye, the Syd ney papers never mentioned-never even breathed-the discovery. All the same it is there, and it behoves the farmers to look into things). Under the various Acts of Parliament, where with we are mightily afflicted, It ap- pears that, though a man has a piece of land granted to him in perpetuity, he can neither (1) own the water, nor (2) the timber, (3) nor the minerals! As young McDonald asked of the dumb founded Assembly-"After these are taken, as they are taken, specifically, by the several Acts, and reserved to the Crown, what is there left?" It seems, too, that the Crown can declare any piece of land "mineral," and grab it back if it wants to! So, where's your "freehold?" And how do the States, other than Ma, stand? What is there left?" . . . . At Lithgow the trial of the strikers was pleasantly diversified by a "lan guage" case, in which a man named Samson was bound over to keep the peace towards Hercules Burke. It seems that our "strong men" nowa- days excel only in strong language! 