HERD IMPROVEMENT. By F.M.R. ACTION" IN OTHER STATES. The movement being made by the Agri-I cultural departments in the other. States of I the Commonwealth, with the object of ef fecting a general improvement in the dairy herds, by the importation" of pedigreed cattle, is a marked acknowledgment of the importance they attach to the development of the dairying industry. The direct result of this action will be to stimulate and en courage private enterprise. The increase of a higher average number of cattle of good dairy qualities, brought about through the medium of a wider use of sires of undoubted quality from proved milking strains, cannot fail to attract the attention of those en gaged in the industry. They must seek for a means of continuing the improvement gained. After having increased the size of ihe monthly cheque in a perfunctory man ner by the introduction of new blood, in terest will be aroused, and, in consequence, there will be a strong growing demand for sires of the best pedigrees obtainable. This desire is steadily growing in -the principal States. It has been fostered in the manner already mentioned. Increased prosperity, the outcome of heavier and more consistent yields, turns the attention of dairymen to wards the further perfection of their herds. For the past ten years the New South Wales department has given particular attention: to the importation of pedigreed dairy bulls. These they send out to the various colleges established In dairying centres, from which -they can be leased for periods of six months 1 by surrounding farmers. Latterly "the de ^-mariid has been so great for the services of different animals, that, in some instances, they have been applied for for lease in two rears' time. Can greater evidence be af forded of the demand being created for 6tock possessing a bigh-class reputation? Many cannot afford to wait this length of time, and they must look elsewhere for ' with.which to improve I their herds. : EFFECT OF IMPORT-! TfO>.S, j Probably Ike most important of these In -! traductions Is th? >tnpo: ;.£tiou o.r Gsiercsey : fertile. This C%ftin<1 Island straf-i, with :ts —great butter-making oua'ilies, wv. ? viously a'm&si; unknown, exccpiiiig by re- ; pute, to Australian dairymen, end since its ; •" -otorlisg qualities alone have reused it to I become the centre of attraction at any of! the big show fixtures at which represents- ] "tires are exhibited, ihe possibilities of this i type under our conditions is receiving1 -special attention.,.-The breed, though as yet! poorly represented in numbers, has become j deddedly popular. In addition to Three im portationsydf Guernseys, each of which has! been s ^greater success than ifs predecessor, j the New South Wales ./Government has' brpdghfc out from home, Jersey,milking Short-i born, Ayrshire, Holsteins, and Dexter Kerry breeds, with which to encourage the dairy farmer to improve his herd. Spiitb Austra lia has established pure studs of Jerseys and Red Danish cattle. Last year the Queensland Government sent Mr. Mahon home, practically with an open cheque, to purchase for its use any stock that promised • to turn the attention of dairymen to the ' value of raising for themselves really high grade herds. As a result, some Jersey, Guernsey, and Ayrshire cattle were selected : as a means of directing public attention to the one object, that of looking round for Iaii means of raising the present standard of Hnilk production. Progress in stock-breed ing is necessarily slow. Any advance, how |gv«r, is bound to have its effect upon the State' production, but it can only be con tlnnjfl^Jiatigfactorily when progeny are pro vided by the introduction of sires, whose records are well established, upon which to work as a foundation. So soon as these commence to gain in number, a growing de mand must arise for animals ef similar tyne, and from other sources of Introduc tion. No dairyman, when once convinced by actual results of the advantages to be gained, will be able to neglect or allow tbe standard of his herd to undergo any de terioration. -STATE CONSIDERATION. The matter of cattle importation under taken by our ^ bigqueati'on, andkmc but it is' ndhfr 'the should receive some consideration'.*•" For tunately it is not aquCstio n't hat' effects a section only of dairy cattle otraeis, but it: affects .all, for every breeder of niilkifig strains, Us well as the private individual,-ib* interested. The demand for one owner's stock is dependent upon the improvements: •effected by another. The matter to be; considered by. our Agricultural depart - ment before taking a hand is whether en-.i terprise would be stimulated, and improve ment become more rapid , and more widespread by adopting a system similar, to that in force in other parts" of the Com-: monwealth. At. the annual conference of. dairy managers some such course was fpre-,. shadowed, and it met with the. general, approval of the delegates. . Since J.Hen nothing Has been heard of the subject,. Up to the present any improvements that have been brought about in the standard i of Victorian dairy cattle have been aeliieved by private enterprise. Notwith standing that occasionally a fancier of a particular breed has been apt to attach over-much importance to show points rather than to high milking pedigree, the general run of these herds is of a high average, even though their uses be some what restricted. - The improvement most desired at present is one of general utility,' and, if the Government should determine to launch out on such an'undertaking, this should be the motive actuating any pur chase. Upon the accomplishment of a higher productive average will largely de pend the demand that is created for more desirable representatives of the different breeds. Many of the dairying districts need to be awakened from their state of lethargic contentment to a knowledge that other and better breeds of cattle do exist: than the few poorly represented animals locally installed in neighbouring herds. Dexter Kerries, Guernseys, Holsteins, and many other breeds are almost unknown, and until a demand is created they are likely to remain in the background. ... rUESKNT RETURNS. As near an estimate as it is possible to make shows that the average yield per cow from Victorian herds is from 250 to 300 gallons of milk a year; the average butter return ranges between 1111b. and" 1331b., and the approximate butter fat test is 3.8. No figures could show more clearly the io-.» -eiaie of, .'i:Ing <attle that.must be ] in l-eros to bring about this uoAatisfaeto'-v p:x-J.'v.- Great numbers of the catt!. • '■ awards these figures he ih.i" h-.'t: 'tm. food-wasters, and snr.sy a struggling call yuan would be far better off w.ihort them, for so long as herds ere constituted of such animals owners can never e::pcct to get beyond the struggling stage. • Taken as an average, '300.; gallons per sr.uciit from the entire herds of the St.v.*, p'. pposi.'ig the cows to be ten! months in milk, '.-hows that the daily aver age milk -kid per cow barely reaches one g'ch: ?! of the better herds were: eiiuiinaieu .winch, under the circumstances, | contribute largely to the maintenance of' this standard, the smallness of the yields would be incredible. It is better not to further analyse the results obtained,in an industry of which the State Is "so proud. When, however, such poor returns are vouched*f6r by officers in charge of this! particular branch, it becomes very plain that measures of some kind need to bej taken to assist in raising the average of production. There was no rural industry : that impressed members of the Scottish delegation so unfavourably as that of dairy-; ing. They regarded the possibilities of this industry as immense, but when mention was made of the classes of cattle used for milk-; production their remarks were invariably of a disparaging nature. Under these cir-' cumstances, it is not extraordinary that the Agricultural department should have under: consideration the desirability of effecting ; improvements, and' the introduction of really good milking strains is a matter to: which it can well afford to give full con- j sideration. - - ! Figures supplied under the Immigration Restriction Act to the Acting Minister for External Affairs (Senator Findley) show that during the year 1910 there were 94,543 immigrants from all countries to Australia, as against 83,324 in 1909. Most of these cattle ■ from Great Britain, the number being: $1,457. Germans came next with 2,449. The recorded arrivals of Chinese were. 1J81J, but the departures numbered 2,310. The per sons refused admission numbered '42, of whom 32 were Chinese and five British. ' 