BUTTER MAKING INDUS TRY. BALLARAT FACTORY ATTACKED. At last night's meeting of the Trades and Labor Council, the secre tary (Mr J. Kean) preseated a report in connection with investigations re- i eently; conducted'by 6UL- M'Qrnth land k himself into .jp tbe batter making ' ( miiosbry /in /Balla rat, . containing 'the -vfollowing TBtatai ! mente:—“THo hours worked by the I imen are never. iti.ss than from 'i - ,w,ui. ; to 6 p in., 10 hours.allawing one hour ,qt.\ dinner time. " During past weeks /thoSfactbry .has been- kept going al ihort'fiaontwuously night /end day on two shifts. : On one day Inst week men worked'- from {7 ‘ a.ni. to 11 p.m, 14-hours, . allowing meal times; and commencing work on Saturday morn ing, 14th inst., two butter-makers worited coptinuojisly frojnj.Ji a,ip. f ex cluding .rntertati.lor, meals'’alone. Paid 1 we4kly; wag^ l th« are allow 'd no overtime-'whatever,. and the Jggw »re ’ something . aa {ollowS: —■ •tnio'-fopemah. reoeives £2 ' 10k 1 .one : Lutter-miiker, qualified,. and 'possessing many yeare’ experience in all 'branches of the trade, goto £2 par 'week;.:while a 3 ®J?°“d, a Danish of vsix montlu, and of some experience in the Danish butter 'ihdufltryis rewarded with. .a ocnSicierably : less \\\vnge. ■ -An other of late arrival from Ireland re -s?vin- .17s ■ 6d * per- yveeTr v • has feeddflv displaced another- employe jjx packing, and -weighing .bores, etc,, Who was receiving 30s. . Two Ihds weigfimg cream, taking samples, etc., get one pound per week; >an other. driving a one-horse lony, pete 17s bd per wt. lwo w-aggon men carting to and from the factory eatn 35s and 255. per week respocrtively. No holidays are allowed the at Ohristrifas time, and put-off B ”** tlm ° of the yeaT tt ey are Mr .Hurd afield mo ved that the mattr be referred to the executive. +w r r A ' MfK issock, M.L.A., eaid X* a ion e time they had known t en ? a l cd m , th ® butter-mak ihL^!tl7J ho ij lot Wn treated as theyf deserved. had been made S5 b ?f; members \ upon "the: fflobr' of the House to get better conditions for Rifl I r^wi, ln -Amending Factories . Came bo / or ? the House in the. dying hours of the session, the Government refused to make it pos sible. Ifor aH rural workers to brought, under the wages boaid. An effort should bo made to obtain relief for those employed in the butter-mak- and these portions of the' trade which, were included under the awTird should assist: (Applause.') I o ' ,^‘F rath > M.L.A.,. said that it should be a recommendation to the organising committee that they endeavor to get the workers organised throughout the whole' of the State brnr.) He knew it would he difficult work, hut ho and Mr MTKis sock had free passes, and they would' endeavor to go through -the country and help to carry out'the work. TTn fortunately, m the paßt they had been Unable to get’ better conditions be cause butter factories and creameries were specially exempted from the wages • board. That embargo, however, had recently been removed. He could rev that, with Mr. Kean, he-had made hill enouines into tbe particular case referred., to, and what had been.stated wag quite correct. It ' should strike every worker there, that night what was .going to happen under, the assist ed immigration policy, which it had Ven stated would be such a magni ficent thing for Australia. (Hear, hear.) Men had told him that they were being displaced by these imiui granto, one of whom had stated that s 6d ner week was a grand wage. (Daughter.) The working class sooner or. later would wake up to what was [wung practised.. He had no hesitation in saving that -it was not an endeavor to settle people on. the land, but a gigantic scheme to inflate land values and create a vast army of unemployed in the country. (Cheers.) ' . .] F.ventuallv, on the suggestion of Mr : M'Grath. Mr JFliird afield altered liis mo-' tion .to vend that the report be refer red to the organising committee, with ■ a. recommendation that, the workers 1 throi'o-hout the State he organised, and this was carried unanimously. 