CRUMBS AW® SCRAPS. Lismore show committeo are giving £60 lor a high jump at their nest exhibition. The small arms faotory at Lithgow is ?expected to turn oat 15,000 rifles per year. The whole of the Bombala aldermen, after wrangling for some months, have resigned in _ y ? i_ » uuuy. . i ? j Payment of the Federal land tax is claimed ?on estates acquired for oloser settlement purposes. The census returns show the population of India to be 315 millions, an increase of X)jt millious since 1901 A poll of the business people of Mobs Va'e resulted in favor of Wednesday as the weekly half-holiday. Queensland Government is spending one hundred thousand pounds on immigration. \- A good investment, too. Mr Beeby expresses himself confident that the m nin features of the Industrial Arbitra tion Bill will be adopted by the Assembly. There is a dairy farm near Inverell with 10C0 milking cows. 1000 acres of the estate are under lucerne, whilst 14 silos are ' installed. The Federal MeterologiBt (Mr Hunt) thinks Australia is on the way to getting a better meteorological service than any other country in the world. The Corporation of Dublin has by a large majority deoided not to present an address of welcome to King George on the occasion of his forthcoming visit to Ireland, Bangalow Agricultural Society has deoided to rescind a resolution in favor of the single iudging system, on the grounds that in the principal classes the work was too heavy for ' one man. At the Liberal and Eeform Conference in Sydney an important proposal was brought forward with regard to early closing. It was agreed that consideration be extended to those storekeepers who do not employ any shop assistants. Wonthaggi, the town that has sprung into existence through the development of the State coal mine in Victoria, now ranks as the sixth most populous centre in the ' Cab bage Garden,' and is growing rapidly, A ?couple of years ago it was wild bush. A christening recently look place in Nel son (N.Z.) under unusual circumstances. In addition to the parents of the little new ' ^ comer, there ffere present the following relatives Four grandparents, one great-, grandparent, and four greatgreatgrand mothers— their united ages being close on £00 years. As a result of a squabble on the Manning as to which association the dairymen should ioin in order to resist the demands of the Euial Workers' Union, whether the Farmers' and Settlers' Association or the Dairy Farm ers' Association, it was resolved to support' the former, and branches are being formed accordingly. - ^ & deputation representing the Pastures Boards' Convention on Wednesday last pro tested against the abolition of the boards and the transference of their duties to shires. Mr Trefle expressed himself as favorable to the retention of the boards, and an extension of their powers. He promised earlyconsidera tion by the Government. Never hurry, never worry, Don't get in a rage ; Try to keep your temper always, Says a good old sage^ If you get a cold and shiver, Don't take doctor's pills ; Uun at once and get— 'tis precious Woods' Peppermint Cure for chills.* Mr Eobert Davidson, of Glasgow, one of the world's experts in the butter trade, who isnow in Australia, in a reoent interview Daid a high oompliment to the very choicest ?qualities of Australian butter, which, in his opinion, were equal to the best Danish. He holds some very strong views on the question of advertising Australian butter and cheese. It could not be expected that individual fac tories should undertake the work, and he thought the Governments of the States Bhould tafce it in hand. He considered fac tories and producers would not grudge a Voluntary or even compulsory levy on each box of butter and orate of cheese to inaugu rate a fund for advertising, and he anticipates that there would be an increase in price that o would more than repay the contribution. Melbourne representatives of a large number of leading butter factory companies in 'Victoria received on Saturday from one of the principal box making firms a communi cation that, owing to a further morease in the cost of timber and labor, the rate for 'butter boxes, as from J uly 1, would be Is ' ' 7id each net, delivered in city, on rail, or on boat. The advance represents an inorease of \- ? 18 per cent., whioh will fall on butter pro ducers. On th6 basis of last season's butter ?production it will involve an additional tax on the industry of nearly £15,500. It is oontended, in justification of the rise, that the former charge of Is 4£d left too narrow a margin of profit for . makers. Owing also to the heavy output of butter during last season, supplies of timber fell, and have had to be replenished at higher prices. [The Victorian farmers will do well to take a leaf out of the book of New South Wales dairy men, and establish' a Co-operative Box Company.— ^ Ed. S.T.3 