Dairy Produce. INTERESTING INTERVIEW. BRITISH EXPERT'S IDEAS. O.v Monday afternoon the Directors I of the Bega Butter Factory met sev eral representatives with tegard to their export butter for the comiug season. Mr. John Russell (New Zealand Loan), Mr. A. J. Fraser (W. Weddel and Co., Ltd.), Mr. A. D. Foley (Foley Bros.), and Mr. Meares (Coastal Farmers) attcudcd the meetiug this week, several other representatives having interviewed the Directors at previous meetings. ] Mr. W. F. Cricbton, who has been alt over Australia and N.Z., having come out from Home to obtain increased supplies of butter and cheese on behalf of the well known London firm of WJ Weddel and Co., Ltd., also attended the meeting, and, we understand, im parted some very useful information as regards how Australian butter ought to be handled at Home so as to produce to the farmer the largest return for his cream. Having heard that Mr. Cricbton was staying at the Bank Hotel, our representative called to have a chat with our visitor on matters of inter est to the dairying industry, aud was received in a very kind and courteous manner. Mr. Cricbton, who has had a long and varied ex perience in the sale oi butter and cheese from all countries shipping to the Home markets, says very good priccs will be realised next season for both butter and cheese. There is no fear of over productiou, as Continental countries which used to scud their surplus productions to Great Britain for sale arc now, owing to the rapid increase of their industries, having to import butters, and this state of things is bound to grow. As regards cheese, Mr. Crichtou pointed out that Canada, which at oue time sent very large quantities to Britain lor sale, will send less and less each year owing to tbe large increase of its population from the influx of immigrants. New Zealand, especially from the South Island, is sending home large quan tities, and our visitor thinks it worth while lor this district to consider tbe making of cheese for export. What is wanted for the home mark ets is cheese ol 70 to So lbs each, of Cheddar shape, aud either white or colored, aud not too hard in make. He motored south from Sydney last week, accompanied by tbe firm's New South NY ales agent, Mr. A. J. Fraser, and is delighted with the country, wnicn, tie says, couia not look belter. Tbe herds are all in good condition, and there is abund ance ot 'grass, and,, of course, is not surprised that the flow of milk at the present time is far ahead of the same period ot last year. He ad vises the farmers to imitate the Danish farmers by keeping their herds up to the very highest point of perfection, and mentions that for this eud the New Zealand Govern ment are establishing cow testing I associations. Farmers should be | careful to find out that the cows are keeping bim, and uone sponging ou I his generosity. When a cow ceases | to produce unocr n certain amouut it ought to be fattened and sent to the butcher aud another cow put in its place. He also believes a cow testiug association is being formed, if not already established, at Casino, so that Australian farmers are awakening to the advantage to be gained from cow testing. Our re presentative asked what he thought of Government grading. Mr. Cricb ton favors grading, as he feels sure it tends to make the factory manager produce a better quality butter, but states that to produce good butter j the manager must get good cream, aud uuder home separation great care should be given to cream grading. While of opinion that Government grading is desirable, Mr. Crichtou does not believe in grade marking of the boxes. It is at least six weeks after the butters are graded before they can be seen at home, and often he has seen what was graded second grade pre vious to shipmert turning out aud selling at better prices thau what was graded first grade previous to ship ment. As far as his firm is con cerned, selling as they do in small (inautities all over Great Britain and Ireland, grading even is no essential, because the butters are sold on arrival entirely 011 quality, but in tbe case of f.o.b. or c.i.f. transactions grading is necessary as a guide be tween buyer and seller. Asked his opiuior. as regards the reduction ol the maximum of moisture allowed in export butter from 16 to 15 per cent., Mr. Crichtou cannot under stand the reason of the reduction, as all other countries sending butter to Great Britain are allowed up to 16 per cent. It simply means, con tinued Mr. Crichtou, that the dairy tanner will have to produce 101 lbs butter fat in place ot 100 lbs -wheu tbe maximum amouut of moisture was 16 per cent. Tbe loss to the industry will be very considerable, and Mr. Cricbton is sure Australian butter will not command any more mouey as compared with other but ters. Mr. Crlchton will be iu the distiict for several days yet, but re turns to Melbourne next week, and expects to sail by tbe Macedonia from Adelaide on the 26th inst. He has visited South Australia, Vic toria, Tasmania, N.S.W., Queens laud, and Neiv Zealand, and has had a very successful aud pleasant trip. He loves c6lC!-i?l maimers, aud pays a very high compliment to his op ponents' representatives, who ou every occasion have been good sports, baviug assisted him lu every shape and form. He leaves tbe colonies with many happy recollec tions of his first visit. Our rep. bad a talk witb the o'ther f representatives In the district, and they all predict a very good time for the dairyfarmer next season, as the home market will be ready to con sume rapidly all consignments of Australian butters, as they arrive home. This is good news for the farmer. The representatives are delighted with Mr. McVeigh's suc cess at the Islington Show, in ob taining third prize for Bega butter against all comers. 