SUMMARY. C: j i'ts i It is officially announced at Ottawa that hC; 'vXt Duke o£ Connuught will succeed Earl Orey''fls:v5/:;!;5 Governor-General at Canada, and will arrlveH'lf.'4';'$; the Dominion In September. J A It is understood that the critical stage In the reciprocity hogotlntions between Canada and , the United States is passed. ; f& A great lire has' occurred In Winnipeg, where// by nine business houses were gutted. The fire'-' V i men worked with the thermometer below zero.- A new goldfleld ban been discovered at Porcu- : pltie Lake, on the borders ot Hudson Bay; Many veins of free gold have been located. "J; An "All-Brltlsh" shopping week in London,' -t for the display and sale of the Empire's goods, has been fixed for the last week in .March. ' f vj The Poor Law Commission has issued a report, : ;;i giving nn interesting resume of Australian poor, , :%/ relief and the New South" Wales Labor De-; partmcnt. ' The Lisbon railway ' strike has terminated/ The concessions made by the companies lite oludo a nine-hours' day, free passes, and -,2() / . /if days' leave on full pay. "tp' The route ot the Coronation proeesBion i.ojlfr: i# June 211 has been officially announced. One o the chief functions of the celebrations will be ...j a naval review at Spithead. l\q A spring under the masonry caused a resbrT.i''. voir to burst at Huelva, Spain, at night ttaw At least eleven lives were lost. i ,! A virulent plague of pneumonia is spreadlhg/:3.'/.: In Manchuria. There are 100 deaths dally at : Kharbln, and many. at Mukden. Tha mortality Is nearly £00 per cent. " " The Berlin "Vossisclie Zeitung" approves .ot M. Pichon's statement regarding the Potsdam -/v-j:,; pourparlers, and says it puts an end to in- trigues for encircling Germany. .,Vh Dr. Lelper has reported to the Local Govern- /;:? ment Board on the subject of parnsitlc noduleB ; in beef that they are the product of changes taking place in the Lissuos. ///'v "/ The presence of the nodules in ment intended . Cor human esnsumption is, Dr. Leiper states, .' undcsirnhle, and the meat must bo classed as . "unsound." The "Daily Express" slates that the decision ' . ; ot the Danish Government to neglect land de.?. fences and spend £2.000,000 on coastal defenc is the outcome ot hints from Berlin. / 'St-; "S A gang ot Terrorists at Warsaw killed two . railway officials, robbed the passengers on th , ' . platform and two pedestrians, and escaped a(tfir, : killing one of the latter. . The pastor of a Swedish Baptist colony Galifornia has informed the Victorian InteJIly./C.'"; gence Bureau that a good many membersot. ,;S his Church would come to Australia. . ; ; ; There Is no prospect of an immediate set-,. Ilement of the strike at the Sulphide Corpot;|- ; lion's works at Cookie Creek,. ; a- A1 though, the storm conditions are nbating in ; i; Victoria, iioods are feared in several districts as a result of the heavy rains. The Minister for Works lias promised that the : desire on the part of Newcastle that tho M'Myler hoists should not be erected In the Dasin will he carefully considered. During the 10 years of federated government in Australia the civil service has increased by ; 41 per cent., and at present consists ot 15,793 members. ' .' The present Government is expanding .the- civil service to a greater extent than any of Its ; predecessors, and is largely increasing the ex- pendlture for salaries. Designs are to be called for by the postal- authorities for a uniform postago stamp for the Commonwealth. The competition Is open to the world, 't'Js The Chief Inspector of Factories In Victoria savs the Factories Department has increased fe tub earnings ot the workers, whoso wagos.t « regulates, by practically 50 per cent. :-M The Prime Minister of Canada has cabled' //'-j Mr Fisher expressing regret that the Common- , wealth declined to permit tho Vancouver mall- «, steamers to call at New Zealand. . . -V The Canadian Government has decided itO; :;t enler into a contract with the Union Steamship ;.. Company for five years for a service between Canada and New Zealand. . Mr Fisher says that the Commonwealth Go vernment can still negotiate with Canada for a, , v mail service between Australia and Vancouver. . The Postmaster-General's attitude In connee- tion with the selection of the delegates from . ',,: the South Australian Post and Telegraph ASSO- v' elation has intensified the trouble. 4 The South Australian Post and Telegraph As sociation. after tui exhaustive discussion ro- solvcd that an interview with the Prime M.nls lor should be sought .r Referring to a paper read by AycJdeac? Lctroy at the Science Congress. Mr- Fishir sald that all possible would be done by the Govern ment to protect Australian nborlginals. ., The session ot the Science Congress In Pydney was concluded on Saturday with a meeting of the Grand Council. ? The Australasian Association for the Advance. ,,, ment ot Science decided to contribute £1000 to wards the cost to the Mawson Expedition to An- tartica. , . A committee was appointed to further the objects ot tho expedition, and will approach the Commonwealth Government for their support The president of the Science Congress eays that a day should be set apart in each session for informal discussion. ... _<, During tho past week 9580 acres of Crwi lands were acquired by settlers, and a total or 11,529 acres were made available for settler ( . ment. For the past half-year the total arca ot'prown lands taken up was GS4.472 acres, while GoO, 114 . acres were thrown open for settlement. Much dissatisfaction exists amongst machine Shearing experts regarding tho claims filed ey . , the A.W.U. in the Arbitration Court. A new union has boon formed. Mr. Phelp Richards (Master Builders' A®S0CJ" ation) denies the statements of Mr. Millard (secretary, Builders' Laborers' Union) concern- i ; lug the Wages Board award. A fire In Oxford-street. Paddlngton, on Satur day destroyed one shop and badly damaged three others, > The steamer Mamarl arrived In Sydney on Saturday evening, bringing 483 English immi grants for New South Wales. Ot these 170 aro comprised by 24 families. .... All the. vessels which arrived in Sydney on Saturday or yesterday report having met with tempestuous weather along the coast. The position of the stranded Rosedale , Is „ worse, and she is likely to become a total wreck. The vessel has hem handed over to thp t underwriters. At Warwick Farm on Saturday the principal . . event was won by Didus, whilst Miss Bobbin and Tinsel were second nnd third respectively., ... Tn the first-grade cricket championships on Saturday the winning teums were North Sydney, : University, Gordon. Central Cumberland, and ; Uodfern. Paddlngton aud Burwood drew. ..., ; W. Longworlk (Rose Hay) created a surprise if on Saturday by winning the 1320yds. Australian championship from llealy and Heaurcpaiio (tbe J!L world's champion). ... .« Longworth won the race comfortably, and created new figures for the distance, his tlmo being 17mm. 42scc.. and the previous record being l'mln. 4Sscc. , i Another surprise was sprung by L. Solomons (Sydney), who beat Cecil Ifealy and H. Hard- . v/'g wick In the 100yds. sprint supremacy of AuBj. tralasia. : "Mj'- On the Sydney mining market at tho weeli£'t:?| end thero was a continuance of tho Inactivity and weakness noted for several days pastMn,:,;;-® most sections. On tlt» London metal market on FrldaytluifeS rose £2, and copper Is 3d. Silver was unaltered, and lead slightly weaker. ,a Further light to heavy rain has fallen Jn-the //;fej South Coast quadrant; also on tho NortKCoast sg and at a few places on the South Coast. To-day's forecast: — "Still some showers coast and thunder in extreme north-east,' Fliietv«M Inland; southerly winds and cool EencraUr,"i-fii«sB AWm 