Items of Interest Scone P.P. Hoard tons decided. l>y four votes to three, that it will not pay . bonus for fox scalps. And Ihe animals are becoming alarmingly plentiful. Good crops of potatoes, and good prices for them during the past few years, have made independent men j of the majority of Oranee farmers. So largely increased areas are now being idantcd with the profitable tuber. Frank J. Vincents. a dairyman, was. at the Collingwood (Victoria* Oourt, fined £30 for having sold milk not up to the standard. Seven prior convictions for similar offences were admitted by the defendant. At a Bega district dairy a wmly arrived immigrant was being shown how to milk. The fanner was show ing liim how the milk was extracted from the cow, when the new chum interrupted:-"Oh, 1 unJnst«Bl that iMirt of it. but how do you shut it off?" TIk> farmer shut tip. The election of officers of the Tam wortli Aurk-uitural Association lor the ensuing rear, resulted as folio**: -President. Mr. C. J. Britten, tvn.; Vice- Presidents, Messrs. King and l'avue; Ground Committee, Messrs. Walker, Nahonv, F<>n;e, G. Pnllman, Wimman. lngall, \ick erv, Madden. and S- A. tSiaffey. Mr. Holman. Actiiin-Premier, told the Farmers* and Settlers (*>nler ertce that the lonfi-disputed question of the site of the Sydney stock sale vards was a sore point with them. Hut that was all beina changed. Tn matter had been referred to the ruo lie Works Committee after full inves tigation, and they would be in a Pe tition to- submit to Parliament a plan for stock swleyands worthy of the principal stock sales in Australia. At Brisbane last- weeek, Philip Pal mer. aced 14. was sentenced t.j tour detention iu \\\fstbri»K K* furmatorv ou a charge of kiUui^ * luart* and foal, valued at longing t« J- H. Bonrdeu, of Goom burra, by whom Palmer was em nfcjvod. *'.uimak wre foiiud *itn punctures in their rides. Accusal admitted that hecaused the wounds w ith a thret^pron^ed fork, because | the mare had kicked another animal that he was attending. \t an extraordinary seneral meet ins: of O.T.. Limited, it was unani mously lasted to increase the capital of the company by the issue or 16CUKW share® of 10 - each . The ob ject ei increasing the capital is tor the purpose of acquiring the Lonion business, and to develop aud trade in -every country in the worM. A total of 100.000 shaTes of 1« - will be offered for public subscription. p&vaMo; 5 - on application and o - «» allbtaieiU. The prospectus will b? issued at the be^uuiinft of August. ^ There was something particularly Gilbert ian about the "J"?****®?*14. sweep- ticket case in Chnstehurch iX. Z.) last week. The man was charged with a breach «f the t»am in-T Act bv buviuii a ticket in a pro hibited lottery- He had purchased a ticket in one of "Tatters®!! s sv«ep$. aud won £1SX1. The magis trate told him be was a very naught man, and lined him i'- and ctJtE Otw can imairine the trin with ^^Jv1 this fearful criminal paid that £2. Also, one can i-icture that repent ant gambler turmiii: over a ne* Jest-perhaps-and vowinc to sin no more, alter, such exemplary punish ment. One object, at anv rate, that proeecotion served, and tnat *as to advertise the advantages of investing in '"Tattersall e sweeps. Late on Friday nifiht a shoeing accident occurred near Tbomteiga (Sydney) Railway Station, when Henty" Cbacfe Michael, aged ,fc- * guard. Tvas run over bv a tram dur ins shunting operations. Michael iras beiawn two trucks of a g«*» train in order to adjust the couplings, bat slowed .'fetle coming awav agsin. The train had started, and \- - before his position *35 noticed the wheels of one truck had passed over his left arm and Wft lei- The arm. was practically severed beb» the el bow. while the lej; was macfc B"tm ated and broken. The unfortunate bu was hurried to the Royal North Shor« Hospital in a precarious coadi twjo. and immediately operated apjn, Us arm Wing amputated. "1 wvoder what speed *e are travelling?" fe a question constantly in railway truss. Mr. H. ' Wavasoclk. f ranee, a ciember of a Londoc firm el eog*ae«s» ha® wvb k BiacfejBf viks *3! ^ wv^ia at mar tuft* tfe* ptfst&geff; v^s. TV Bxb&e; is of a wj B&tare.; utd can be fitted to >»r rajhnv tainagiK It operates oy jaeans of a dotcb aad beh "putter oa the axle. 1® the compartment ts a Detair in the tk<t machine arr-ange Bs#Bt- Irtee a coin b pat in aad a fcnob pr«s«d, tfce tsacbioe «t« ill xeetioa, aed & speed cf % traa p sbo*"u ob a dial. The indicator is o£ tbe as» type as that used, oa castor cars- j Mis Vafcri Desaaood, writing in i the liSnars on the "Australian at the Breakfast TabW.'" gays; ?Twos a observation uf Australian ree tacraate I have ccme to tbe concte bk that tile Aieuaiian -does «ot eat his food-he wotts it- He's not Very laitkshr either nfcat tie eats, (la Queentland earth is is his dietou; tscale). "What h* chieSy wants is saeething to chew, and be usually bites cS more than he comfortably c*&. Thetv is no reetauruat ut Aus tralia aberv- yau can &et; a meai slated to the climate, and as for "home-" msate-well, if an Austra lian asks yue to his bouse to dine, don't go unless you're, an ostrich. Cooking antcag Australian woman b a lost art. The Australian art cobs in tor "accomplishments" only. If she ts ever called upon to cook, anythixs, she uses tfce frypaa. If I ever set. up busiuesss in Australia it W-iSiii be in three "Eiies"-trying .pans, fal^e teJth, and ratent inedi ciaes,"-Of course, Miss~Desmond is h an aatlioriiv on Australian's tTj methedi-she- ha» evijeat!T coa-1 Etitoted tersdf as «e, anyway. ? " - J. Dt Kos^r. America's chaaepiir .SOtnr cydiit- has arrived in Englsn-i s."to tai* part in various s^eed events psjtictitarly |b th? Toartsts" Mi; ana to meet ti.e Faigltsb C. B- Collier, ut a match j' *i 8tootiuyfe. D« Hosier, who holds every world's record, from oae to the hoar, has beea mmik ctsce 1S$^, and dterioe that peri>3 \- hats brok«a as ankle, «oSu^-fcone. left ana. s^retal ribs, besides bj M»y sirred from head to foot from ifr": vanottS «naih«. As showtai -tfce ii&pecf; Do Rosier- isj it stay be mentioned tliat he has ridden S nj3w on the read in 26 ataates orer an ont axtd home six ^ mil»' ? Toene> i the' eompmtws baxm» to tsrta rcnod * barrel at each ?«». His nuttrii with CalKar & fcofeed forward te *s ca» of the *roa*s «f: th* jw is E»*Sw «owrtag «».! «*«. .. Mr. and Mr?. Peter Bower - and family, of Goorangoola, Singleton, Tver* driving with a pair of horses iu a doable-canted buggy when tbs hon-es bwime frightened, and made off at a brisk pace. The sadden jolt caused a five-yt>ar- old boy, . who was seated on llie back seat with his sis ter. to be thrown out, his Bead strik ing the tyre of a wheel. The sister pluckily caught her brother by the Icrs. and held him op until the horses were stopped, otherwise the accident must hare been far more serious. The boy received a severe scalp wound, with injuries on the hands and face from the spokes of the wheel. Sad stories of the trials undergone liy settlers and their stock on thf submerged Koo Wee Rup Swamp were related to Mr. Edgar, Victori an Acting- Minister of Public Works, by members of a deputation (12J strong) which waited on him last werk. "I was just about able to pay a little rent when the flood came." one settler told Mr. Edgar. "Sfv cows wt bogged wherever they move. I have had to tie tip my horses, or 1 would lose them. The water i> running down Murray road."' Another settler said, "1 have spent hundreds of pounds on my pro perty. and I have never bad a shil ling off it. I have feed one foot hish poinq to rotI can't get the cows to it. I can't mov^ about the place; I Ret bogeed even-where. J ' had a horse in a paddock for five i days standing up to his knees in i water." Some spoke of their losses through their inability to reach their co«s to milk them, and said they had L*ft. of water in their houses, whilst others told the Minister that not only were this year's crops des troyed, but they would lose next year's as well. The deputation ask ed that the swamp should be made immune if possible from future floods. ; Sec^fHaaism is very busy in Aus tralia" just nit*-. Catholic dignitaries are appealing to their people to have no marryinu or eivinc in marriage with I'rctestants. and Protestant bodies ,call upon good Protestants to dodge complication bv keening their distance. To mark the 221st anniwr sary of the Battle.of the Bcyne there was a moist strenuous Orange dem onstration in ? Melbourne churches last Sunday. It is .all very pitiful. Here in Australia we are 12,UO) miles away - from Derry, and 221 years off the Battle of the Boyrn\ and Christians here are still fighting . that antiquated "scrap" un- j diminished bitterness, whOe insisting : that theirs is the gospel of perfect j love. It is a quaint spectacle of an f intelligent Pagan, a vast civilised j people, whose religion teaches th»m to get at each other's hearts, striv- , ins fiercely in the name of that re- j lillion to £et at each other's threats. | -"Atticus" in the "Leader." j The enormous growth in the use of j the motor in America can be gather- i ed from the fact that in Akron-the j bis motor tyre manufacturing centre i of America-the daily output of tyres j durins last April was valued at j £7!?,t*K>, coverins: an output of 7753 covers and 15,000 tubes daily. At this rate of manufacture, the pro duction of pneumatic motor tyres in Akron' alone per year would total £2J.130.(XM. In addition to this j huge output, there has also io be added £3.730.030 worth of solid rob- ] ber tyres. This is a tyre boon with | a vengeance. All told, over 60J0 j workers are employed in the mills, ] apart from derital staffs, etc. 1 Mr. Robert Davidson, an English 1 butter expert, who arrived at Ade- j taide last Sunday, paid a compliment j to the very choicest qualities of. Aus tralian batter (says tne "Australasi- I an"I. These, in his opinion. were] equal to the best Danish. He added: j -"I bare some very strong views oa j the question of advertising Australian j butter and cheese. You cannot ex pect individual factories to undertake i the work. I thint the Governments of the States should take it in hand. Factories and producer? would cot Krodfie a voluntary or even a compul sory levy on each box of butter and on each crate of cheese to inaugurate a fund for adrerUsins. It cook! he dealt with by tile High Commission er <a- the Agents-General for the Safes, and nude a progressive ad vertising scheme. It vobH then be possible for a larsenumber of' .competent lecturers to go through Great Britain, with cinematograph or KmeKcht views, and create an uter es: in colonial dairy farms. A little has been done in this direction, hot only iu a haphazard way. There would be ib increase of 2v- or 6 - per cat., which would more than repay, for the contribution per hax. Aus tralian products are well-known to retailers and dealers, hot what ' is j wanted is that the ordinary consaBa [Aoali know autre ahontthein, and should, above all, ask for them." Two unique dubs hare tecently beeo started-of cooree, i> the laed of sinsralarities. Sew' York-entitled "T^e Early-risinc Qub" ^nd "The Smflinji Gab." The purpose of tie former is tor the care iaenw atl adies and all ether ills which are con sidered the peculiar property of teH honaries, but which, noae the tes, are sometimes induced in by th«r Poorer bntkna. The ides {of tjbfa dub provide that each member shall arise as cock-crow, and be u tour is ^possible thereafter at a specified ren deryoos, and from thence all pro ceed to a small village, about five n3cs distant from New l'rat, where they parttb of j simple of milk and bread and hatter aid eggs, after which each member is free ts> return tn /the daily roctd of duties. The Smiling Club ras established ts a remedy against moral ilk, neuras thenia, ennui, "the Uses,*' and. in fact, *U awladies which lead direct or or indirectly to lunacy. The chib does not intend to fix a stereotyped sniiie on the Krs of all members; bat 8t cbtaimrui, by an exercise of Willi a jautiaft, happy expression, wtici attracts syiapothy- .'PeonJe. *ie rfsS-iren. have- need of gaiety, and laughter k tfee risfht of man.** said F^lxtuE, and it fa ujxxn this rtea that the dab has been foniM. The tendency of the preeeoi age is *o take life far tee serioasly. Grie-' and misfortune cannot be avoided. *>ct *» caa eppeee to them a mortti. Iwafthv attiurie, which one the.T I<"5 dominion over as. Tfee inSaeoce oT tee phy-sjqa? over the mora! . is p.~deni'»tJev and tie habit of laugh ter wiH end h? creatine: a reserve-of octtmiism which will helo to overcome *11 dangers. r On Fridav afternoon last the Secre tary of the Employers' Federation split a letter to Mr, J. M'limes. Sec ret* rv 10 the Liouor Trade Employ ees' Union, in connection-with the' strike now prevailing in Adelaide. The letter protested against ttlini was termed the ' "interference _ with members of the Association by illegal 1 methods of blade-listing their goods and coercion of their customers. lte j ijnployere made the following offer that, conditionally on the employees; remaining in their employment, and there being no further interfere* with the employers, their business, and customers, the question as t3 wlint-if any-alteration in wages, rates, and conditio!!* should 1# made, should be referred to either to a Wages Hoard, to be appointed, or to an independent tribunal, the arbitra tor to be mutually screed upon ' New South Wales (says .Melbourne I "Argus") is preparing to spend mil lions in supplying the rich plains with water for irrigation and making them attractive for settlers, and it is be ginning to see that one of the special 1 elements of attractiveness n-fll be free and cheap access to the nearest seaport. This can be pro vided by extending the New South Wales railways to the border and co operating in providing bridges across tiie Murray whereby the Fines may be effectually linked. By this means tens of thousands cf thriving citi xens inav be .added to New South Wales. That State must benefit im mensely by such an infiux, whilst Victoria will hare full and profitable ! employment for the railways, and j will maintain its commercial connec tion with its offspring, who are cer tain to cross the Murray in thous ands to found homes in the neigh boring State. The process currently employed in making milk powder are based tipou drying by heat. In a process .reeentlv devised in France by Le comte and Lainville the action "of cold is substituted by heat. The milk is poured into vessels similar to those which are tKed for producing blocks of artificial ice. and is cooled to a few decrees below the freezing point (about 2S.5 deg. F.). Suitable precau tions are takes to prevent the water of the milk from freezing in a solid mass and to cause it to assume ths form of fine snow. Th congealed milt is then placed in a centrifugal separ ator which revolves very rapidly. The ssow crvstak remain in the machine are expelled in the form of a soft, greasy paste.' which still contains some water. The powdering is com pleted by placinc the paste in a dry mi: room heated to a moderate and ituiform temperature. The miik pow der thus prefaced has been proved by analysis to contain all the constit uents of the milk, except the water, in an unaltered form. The children of the world are wiser in their, generation than the children of light. But the children af light occasionally score. During the inquiry on the ramification os Tasmauisn trade with Victoria it was ascertained that one firm of Victorian manufacturers-the principal c? which is a nan of .pronounced religi ous views-had cot deeply into th; profits cf .rival Tasnani&n; firms, whose methods were at best a trifle out- of date. The Melbourne people sold their goods cheaper in Tasmania than in Victoria, and one of the Tsj tnaniamwho felt the pinch of compe tition hit upen the happy ides of buying up everything he could get in Tasmania, and shipping it back to sell in Melbourne at load rates. But. alas, for Tasmanian ingenuity, he foitDd on tiiaking the ? experiment that the same brand didn't cover <juite the same article. Woret of all. \ ictcrian buyers were aware, of the fact. _ The _ commission found a lot of quiet enjoyment oner the inci dent. not- the least of which .was af forded bv the mischievous efforts cf a Tasmanian member, to coax the cooct man of Melbourne into an ad mission that he had bees p»ihr ^ trade deception in supplying iono.: cent Tasmania with an inferior ar ticle.- "Woomera,'" in the 'Aos tralastan.' John McSweeney, the great lawyer, defended a Cleveland man in a xnur .fef rase. Tlie case looked hopeless, *nd MeSweeney submitted no evi dence for the defence. So the public prosecutor, believing that conviction was_ assured, ended with just a few perfunctory remarks. Then, in a Quiet, conversational tone, the famous StcSweoney began to talk to the- jury. He made so mention of the murder. He just described in Tivid colors a pretty country cottage hung with "Wjsrffc, a young wife preparing nipper, and the tot youngsters wait ing at tfce gate to greet their father on las return fetsae for tKe etcains meal. Soddecly SlcSweenev stopped. He drew himself up to full height. Then, sinking, the table with his fist, he cried in. a voice that thrilled every besom: : ' "Gentlemen, yon nast send lum.haek to them?* A red-faced jurorehokedaBdblurted out: "By jGeorge, sir, weTl do itt" MrSweeney without another wo^d, sat down, sad tea minutes later* the jeiy brought in * verdict of acquittal. Tie prisoner w^t as he shook his oxostfc haad. Jfocther man on earth coeH have saved me asyou lave- dose, Mr. MeSreeney," he sobbed. *1 aizr'r got ao .wife or*Cainity, sir." 