Wut §||nt«$. HOBART. WEBB'S., JMAY 3, 1911. EPITOME OF NEWS. Newnham R.C. weights. ' v Boy knocked down by tramcar. Evidence by Hobart merchant in the coal send case at Sydney. Mr. W. B. Propsting re-elected to the present Hobart in Legislative Council. Meeting of' Metropolitan Drainage' Board. Scheme for home mission work in Tas mania formed by Presbyterian Church. State supervisor confident that census will show a population of over 192,000. Annual meeting of Synod opened in Launceston. Direction of the Supreme Court sought as to the construction of the will of the late E. H. Heazlewood, Melton Vale. Another breeze at Queenborough Conn oil over an allegation of the clerk about the nonpayment of rates by a councillor. Two more aviators killed. Fatal car collision in Chicago. Several strikes in United States. Another British Dreadnoughts launched. Anglo-American arbitration agreement expected to be signed vi thin a fortnight. South Africa given .1*1,274 to Captain Scott's Antarctic expedition. German High Sea Fleet manoeuvring in the North Sea. Munificent bequests to London chin ties. International complications threatened in Mexico. People killed and injured at great fire in America. _ Two hundred rebels reported to have been killed in Canton riots. Population of Melbourne roughly east mated at ."»72.580. May Day demonstrators s charged by soldiers in Paris. > Aiigln-Ger-Uin Friendship Society aim ed in London. Barry won the sculling;; race for the championship, of England. Discussion in House of Commons appointment of Unionist magistrates Arthur A. Stone, chauffeur, charged at Melbourne with manslaughter. Tasmanian crew doing well on the Parramatta. Federal Government prepared to consider question of aiding immigrants. Mr. Sticht give- evidence in Federal Arbitration Court. Strike of wharf labourers at Sydney not yet settled. Amendments to clause 2 of Veto Bill disposed of in House of Commons. Denied that one of the accused in Los Angeles dynamite outrage has confessed. Charge of "graft" against Canadian Minister. Summer. Irishmen lins put' into Cape Town. with the boiler leaking. Lindntni leading in billiard match with Williams. WVunnn loses her life in Uro in Melbourne. local option poll count nearly finished in WA. Refuse'. to answer Census educations punished in WA. with two fines of Ki. Good progress reported with the medical exams action of cadets. Death sentences on Frank Woods and Richard Addison commuted by Victorian Cabinet. Turkish Artillery Commission reported that British artillery is iminoastmibi-/ superior to continental. Stated that reciprocity agreement with America may wreck the Laurier Government. Claim brought against dentists in M"! bound for alleged breaking of a patient's jaw. Movement for formation of a fruitgrowers co-operative association in Victoria Danish Government purchasing Greir land dogs for Dr. Mawson's Australian Antarctic expedition Scheme of industrial insurance to be introduced in House of Commons to-morrow. Prisoners charged in connection with Houndsditch . murders on trial'" at Old" Bailey i'' s "'- > Congratulations on penny postage lent by Sir Joseph Ward' and British Post master-General. . , on . . Questioned aiding Dr. Mawson's Antarctic expedition to be considered by Federal Cabinet, e, 