NEWS OP THE DAY: It.M.S. Moldavia, with English mails on board for the- week ended 9th June, arrived at Fromantlc yesterday. The Melbourne portion of the- mails will lie delivered on Monday- The Commonwealth Statistician is now receiving the first returned copies of the small book3 which were distributed from his office among some thousands of house keepers in the various States twelve months ago. The hooks were issued with the object of instituting a system for the collection of statistics bearing on the rela tion between wages and the cost of living. They were distributed amongst house keepers of all classes, though mast were allotted to the working class, and tlie in formation which the Statistician desired to secure was to date from June, 1910, to June, 1911. They were ruled off into 52 divisions each to show the income and the expenditure for every week of the ygar., Thc result of the distribution is being watched by the office of the Statistician with interest. Up to the present compara tively few returns have; been made, and unless some hundreds of books at least are forwarded, and. prove to have been kept correctly, the experiment will have failed. On its success depends the collection of valuable statistical information. How to train the nucleus of a citizen army at night time during winter in the open air is a problem which is perplexing a large proportion of the area officers,. Whose duties began, in earnest, on Saturday last, the first day of compulsory training. At Brunswick, Coburg and other suburbs the forces, are without accommodation of any kind. Added to the difficulties of drill ing in' the dark is imposed the handicap of having to send home boys who have come to be drilled on wet nights. Although there are, iii most districts, suitable halls to .be had at a reasonable rental, the area officers have no authority to engage tliem. Some time ago the Federal Government wrote to the various municipal councils, asking for the free use of the town halls. In most eases this was refused. At Bruns wick, where there are 640 boys to he trained, a hall would be required for three nights- per week. Already there are more users for the town hall than there are nights in the week. Besides causing public inconvenience, the council would lose £230 per annum in revenue if it provided the authorities with the accommodation asked for. At Coburg a similar state of affairs exists. Until tlie municipalities become in fused with a greater share oi patriotism than - they now possess; or the Common weal rii Government feels disposed to hire halls, a very largo measure of the heavy expenditure now falling oil the country for defence must he lost. 'I- hp 'lapaiieso training ship Taisei Maru is to leave I'ort -Melbourne this morning for Tokio direct. Tlie vessel will have been absent from tlie Japanese port nearly ten months when she arrives there, having circmr, navigated the world. This is .the first cruise on which she lias ventured out side tlie Pacific. "1 rather fear the importation of single girls," was a remark made by the Acting Premier at tlie conference on tlie short: age of labor question, over which he pre sided yesterday. Mr. Watt was not speak ing in a personal sense. Tlie proposed im portation of any number of girls into Vic toria — whether they came in single spies or in battalions— would have no terrors for him as an individual. The fear to which lie confessed was not for himself, but for tliilm. It was prompted by a states manlike apprehension that the arrival in Victoria of a large number of single girls, without homes to go to, and without an assurance of pei'innhent and satisfactory employment, might be fraught with dangers, social or otherwise, for the new arrivals. The ques tion was. one over which the conference argued for more than an hour. On the one side tlie manufacturers' representatives, particularly those hi the clothing trade, contended that "more girls" wore tlie cry ing necessity of the moment. It was said that 1440 aditional hands were wanted li the clothing trades alone. Mr. Marks was emphatic in declaring that he could not get girls for love or money, and that they, ought to be imported. It was here that the Trades Ilall delegates joined issue, and that -Mr. Watt made the observation above re ported. "If there is a shortage of female labor now," declared Mr. IT. Carter, "you can't tell me that it is going to be per manent.". Ho argued, further, that" tlie demand, in as far as it existed, was due to a discreditable desire on the manufac turers' part to get women in factories in place of men. The question was still in the inquiry stage when the conference ad journed. On the question of appointing a royai' commission to prepare a new Build ing Act, the Acting Premier said yes- tcrday that, representatives of some of tlie metropolitan municipalities had been conferring .on the building regulations to see how. they affected tlio interests of the municipalities as a whole. They had pro duced a bill with a tail of regulations like the tail of a comet, tremendous in length and .bulk- Some of it would puzzle the proverbial Philadelphia lawyer to under stand. He failed to see how it was pos sible to embody such regulations in an act of Parliament, as when so embodied they would be unalterable except by the wish of Parliament. The act might provide for the .making of reculations by the Governor- in-Council, wbich : regulations might' be varied as -circumstances. might require. The Government- has -not yet considered -the proposal to appoint, a .commission to deal with the building regulations. .. The . proposal . made ,by the .University council for the appointment of a sub-dircc- " " i ' tor of pathology lor the Melbourne llos-' pi tul has been approved by thc'eommittco of management of the institution. The condition is nttnehed tluit the University council shall guarantee payment- of a salary of £500 per milium. "' A newspajiei- published in Japan and cir culated among English' .s|M'al;iiig people throws some interesting .sidelights on the Japanese expedition to the .South Pole, which returned unexpectedly to Sydney a few weeks ago, owing to the vessel it em barked in being unfit for the hazardous voyage and a mysterious disease attacking its dogs and killing tlicm off. it states thnt Japanese newspapers published., in the vernacular were responsible for Lieutenant Sliitage and other moinlKqw of the expedi tion signing tlie oath never to return to Japan until they had l-paclied the I'ole These native newspapers, it said, adversely criticised Lieutenant Shirase and his "party for -not setting out on 'their joui-ncy sooner than they did, and closed their criticism by staling that in the circumstances lie and the other leaders could not do otherwise if they failed to reach the'l'ole Hunt '-'die the honorable death" — which means, in plain English, commit "luiri kari.'' 'The signing of tlie oath is said to have' followed. The , stamp printing -"machinery at the I'\'derul 'J'reusury narrowly- escaped destruc tion -by fire yesterday morning.-. Tlie gum slicking machine was badly damaged, but by tlie use of chemical extinguishers the staff prevented the llames from getting a -hold on the office. The cause of the lire was the igniting of the paper in Hie gum ming machine. > The proposed extensive harbor improve ment works at Mallueontn. 1 nlet, in East Gippsland, are to lie considered by. a. sub committee of the Cabinet- to-day. A sug gestion lias -been put forwarcf that applica tion should be mnde to the New South Wales Government for the "loan" of Mr. T. W. Iveclc, a member, of the Sydney Harbor Trust, who as engineer in charge of rivers has gained great experience of liar .harbors. Tlie main 'problem to ho considered by tlie sub-committee is whether tlie prdbable traffic would justify the ex-, penditure necessary to make aud maintain a navigable channel Hi rough the bar. A scheme has been drafted by officers of the Public Works department which would en tail an expenditure of about £09,000, and varying expert estimates have (been made as to the quantity of merchantable timber available. As the area oF agricultural land within a reasonable distance of the -port is limited, tlie question whether the works will lie undertaken or not depends largely on the timber resources of'thc district. It is likely that the 'Cabinet will be recom mended to approach the New South Wales Government with a request for Mr. Kcclo's services. An application was recently 'made to the Attorney-General that lie would review the sentence of two years' imprisonment passed upon Frederick Carinody by Mr. Justice Hodges for .the offence of manslaughter. The charge arose out of a disturbance at Wallan on New Year's day, as tlio result of which a man named Lnpton lost his fife. Four men were placed on trial, but only accused (was convicted. A petition was re cently presented to the Governor, asking for clemency on the ground that it was the brotiier of the prisoner who really struck tlie blow. Mr. J. D. Brown stated that the matter was fully inquired into. The brother of the prisoner was one of the men placed on trial. Intlie circum stances lie had decided to take no action in the matter. The principal officers of tlie new depart ment for the protection of aborigines in the Northern Territory left Melbourne on Monday or yesterday, and will leave Syd ney for Darwin in the steamer St. Albans to-day. Dr. Basedow- goes up as chief pro tector, and with him arc Drs. '.Holmes and Burston, as medical inspector.-;, and Messrs. J. T; Beckett and J. H. Kelly as travelling inspectors. Mr. J. C. Lewis, ,who will be cliief stock inspector, nnd Mr. Francis, a Victorian, who will be railway superin tendent and resident engineer,' arc accom panying the party. Tlie protector and his staff arc prepared for rpugh travelling, and hkvc taken specially eonslriietcd tents and tools. . Arrangements are being made for the provision of drug stores. A central store will be established on Government property at Darwin, and other stores will be provided in tlie north and south of the Territory. ... The aborigine of tlie Northern Terri tory luxuriates in the savage liberty of hjs forefathers while managing to secure many of tlie creature comforts of more enter prising human beings. Stores such as the following, for instance, would keep fifty people together for a long time: — 75 blan kets, 45 yards galatea, 85 shirts, 5100 lb. flour, ,210 lb. tea, DG lb. each of soap, tobacco and rice, one gross of clay pipes, 12 quart pots and a quantity of needles and. thread. These supplies are required at once in the territory for a party of fifty destitute aborigines who have camped at Powell's Creek, ami beeii discovered by the post master in a starving condition. Yesterday the Acting Minister for Exter nal Affairs was apprised of their condition by the acting administrator, who asked that the foregoing list, of 'stores should be sent to them, but mentioned that no com munications would bo going to Powell's Creek from Darivin for three months. Senator Bradley has telegraphed to land holders at 'Powell's Creek, asking them to give the aborigines bullocks and' sheep at the Government's expense, and the stores will be sent to Oodnadatta by next Mon day's train, in the hope thnt camels will be going out to the creek shortly. The Postal .department is at pains to please the public in its choice of a design for the now postage stamps.'" The 800 de signs sent in from designers of many nations for the Commonwealth prize are being placed in position on the wails of a room at Federal Parliament House by ex pert philatelists, and tlie public will be invited shortly to 'inspect them. The Post master-General, who desires that in some way public opinion should express itself before the final choice is made, is consider ing tlie advisability of conducting a plebiscite among those who visit the exhi bition. The design recommended by the expert board for .tlie first prize is highly favored by the privileged few who have seen it. Magncsite and paving rock arc now pro duced on a commercial scale at the Egypto and Azto mines at Heathcote. These are tlie fust mines of tlie kind- ojiened in Vic toria, and the Minister of Mines is im pressed -with the importance' of'tho new industry. The raw products are sent to Melbourne and converted into Mooring" ma terial and mastic asphalt. Mr. M'jjrido, desirous of encouraging the industryT lias communicated with the Common wealth De partment of Homo A (Taira, Prate depart ments and several prominent public and professional bodies, expressing the hope thnt the claims of the new locally manufac tured materials will be favorably considered when building works are undertaken. The first part of the Victorian "Year Book, 1910-1911 — Introductory Bemarks and Constitution and Government" — has been issued by the Government Statist. The progress made by the State during the last 70 years is shown in a statistical table of much interest. Special articles arc contributed. by Dr. T. S. Hall on the physical geography and the geology and fauna of- Victoria, and by Professor Ewart on the flora of Victoria, while fists of moun tains, rivers and lakes arc 'supplied by the Surveyor-General, Mr, J. M .Kced. Among the new. features is, a list of the leading events in Victorian history since 1770,. the date of the fust di scovery of the State- by I Captain Coolc. There is also a synopsis of the acts passed Iiy the Commonwealth and State Parliaments during 1910. At a. meeting of the Council of Education yesterday the president (Mr. F. Tale) and the registrar (Mr. M. JL Bottoms) were appointed a sub-comniittec to draft tlie mutual xepoct' ond next v . / -meeting.. -The registration committee, with Messrs. G._ 15. King, \V, Stone ,un# '1'. Hogg, wuh requested to prepare a cum bo of; training for teachers of cei-tain' special subject/ Mr. W, Stone ij'us appointed a member of (lie committee which is dealing with the question of .elementary trade instruction in schools. The remainder' of the sit ting, was devoted to lli considera tion of tlie report by Mr. A. Siedc, repre sentative of the teachers of music, on the qualifications npccssary to secure, registra tion of members of his profession. -The. proposals were deemed so important 'that- it wns decided to give them further de liberation ut Hie next' meeting of the coun cil, to be bold on 1st August.- ' Victoria nnd Denmark are good-friends onue more. A little friction nrbso over the action of the Victorian Government in employing an agent in .Denmark to in-, duee immigrants to come to Victoria. It was believed that they would make very desirable settlers, in view Of the -success attained by Danish dairy farmers and beet root growers. . But the Government wanted all the Duties from Denmark, and, raising an objection that Victoria's action in pay-, tug -pail, of the immigrants' passage money amounted to an illegul contract, it made the position of the agent— himself a Dune — rather uncomfortable, and also threatened legal proceedings. Tlie Agent-Gfcneral went to Copenhagen on a pacificatory mission, and the Minister of Lands lins received a cablegram from- jhim, in which Sir John Taverner ' states that lie is advised by , the Danish' Minister of Justice that the ngent lias" done nothiug against the law, and that there are no grounds of action. The result of the agent's activities, up to the time lie was checked was tlie arrival of about 40 Danish immigrants in Victoria. . They- were all farm' laborers. ' The site of , the .proposed municipal orchard at Bnllnrnt East hns been inspected by Mr.-P. J.' Carmody, Chief Inspector of Orchards, who in his report states' that the. soil, a light, loam with, clay subsoil, compares favorably with that of the! fiuc- cossfiil friiit growing districts; .apples and pears, he says, should be' particularly pro ductive, and almost all other frails suit able to souther, n Victoria would be equally at home in soil of such a naturally well drained character. 1 Planted out on proper lilies, and under skilful management, there should be no difficulty, ho considers, in making the proposition very profitable. Considering the facilities, the convenience of the position, the suitability of the climate and the ' comparative remoteness of Ballarat's fruit supply, lie finds it hard to .understand Why some such enterprise hs not long since lieen privately under taken. Vacancies have, been reported to the. De partment of Public Health as occurring at the consumptive sanatoria at Amherst and Daylosford. .Fourteen patients can be ac commodated at the former, and foiir at the latter institution. ' Applications for ad mission are already being received. Tlie offices of the Department of Pub lic Health bear very pronounced signs of the reorganisation which is in progress. For weeks past an army of carpenters, painters and plasterers lias been. quartered on the department, its permanent head now sits in stute in the. room which by right be longs to tlie Minister, and some of his as sistants, who formerly occupied offices on the same floor with him, have found them selves transported with all furniture unil effects to the floor above. Tlie alterations are necessitated to accommodate the num ber of officers who have . been brought .under direct control of the department. Dr. A. A. Brown and his staff of eleven meat inspectors will henceforth occupy offices in the department, and, in addition, quarters have been provided for the pure .food3 analyst and his assistants, aud- for the criminals investigation analyst. The extension' of the work of the department necessitated additions to the clerical staff in the opinion of the secretary, and on his recommendation five more clerks have been engaged. -A curious case of assaulting a child wns heard by Mr. Urosswell, P.M., in the City. Court yesterday. Nora Ellis, a little Greenwich lassie, aged 9, arrived in Melbourne a few days ago with -her parents. The family stayed at 'the: People's Metro- pole, in King-street, and there it was alleged the defendant took the child in his arms and kissed -lier. When the child escaped from, the em braces of a youngish looking man, whose name was subsequently found to -lie Ernest W. Fowled, the latter hurried downstairs from the landing, which was the scene of the occurrence. A busiiv beard ed Salvation Army porter, with a bronzed face, was so positive on this point that Inspector M'Manamny was curious to hear the reason for such an emphatic assertion. "Well," rcplied-the witness, "he slipped on the last step, and fell on me. I lifted jiini up, -and stood him face to face in front of me." The witness reflected for a moment, and then, amid laughter, again, asserted that there could be no mistake, .ind that lie had seen defendant come down the stairs. Mr. Cresswcll admonished defend ant for his familiarity, nnd explained that his actions constituted <i common assault. He added, that if defendant paid a line of £3 it would not be necessary for him to spend fourteen days in gaol. . Under the auspices of the Roman Catho lic Literary Society, Professor Tucker delivered a lecture entitled Scenes in the Life of -Socrates at Furlong's Studio last evening. 'Mr. Benjamin Ilonre presided, and- there was a large attendance. The lecturer ive a vivid word . picture of Athens as it was in the days of its ancient greatness, when Socrates, the wisest of "mortals, and many others of greater and lesser wisdom,- argued in the market place. Socrates did not profess to he wise. He was just a man of acute discernment and an abundance of common sense; who sought to dispel the mists in men's. minds nnd get down to everlasting principles. He cared nothing about the moral and' ethical conventions of his day. Though' lie did not openly say so, it was known that lie disbelieved in Zeus .and : Apollo. His attitude was Uii.s: "If 1 am wiser than my fellow man, it is only in one respect. \\\ e neither of us know; but while A does not know, and thinks ho does, I don't know, and know I don't know." He was a born -master, of dialectics, nnd liad a keen humor. His courage was shown when as Chairman of, the Senate, he was called upon to put a resolution to condemn ten -atlnnrnl.H to death for their supposed inhumanity towards (heir sailors in a sea light, Jie refused. The ground of iiis re fusal was that, the 'motion was an illegal one, cadi admiral having a right to semi- rate trial. Though lie had to iliee a huge hostile audience that clamored for His own death, lie did not flinch or swerve from fctra!gU, i1?'1! of d'lty. Professor tiehei closed jus lecture with a powerful omiIi'1 Af H, J-1':1', condemnation nnd death of the great philosopher. Inciden- ir "Vii;fi Tm" - 1 tl,c Athenian mode of capital punishment, the drinking of hcmloulc. was more Jiuinane Uiari the modern style of hanging a man by tlie neck ami watching him jerk." A vote of thanks Hon 1(ict,"'el" Wiu3 carried by aocluma- Members of the Ud Pioneers' Associa tion were eqtertamed last .night, by an address- .from Mr. H. Gyles Turner - do- scnbmg the landing of the first Governor (Mi. v. o. La t robe) of .tlie Port Phillip settlement m October. 1839. Mr 'Turner related that tlie advent of the, new Gover- 'tin KaSf?1' -.!1V't. thP greatest satisfac tion -by the residents, who anticipated that an end would be put to the appropriation of revenue from- tlie settlement for public works in Sydney, to the scandalous neglect :! ?e. , requirements. . The Port Phillip I ntnot referred to the arrival of the new Ctoycrnor as an event "earnestly prayed for by every enlightened mind " and mndiloquetftiy declared that he came to found a mighty empire." These plea surable anticipations, however, were "by no means- realised, and in a fe w years a pub- hc meeting passed a resolution declaring it had lost confidence in the Governor and praying for his recall. It fell to Mr Johnny" Fawkncr, who had written so exuberantly about the arrival of- Governor Lntrobe, to second the motion. Mr. Turner then carriod-his hearers back 'to the scene seventy years ago, when, .lie said, "'adies parted their hair in tlie middle; gracefully following the fashion of the youg Quccii wore cottage bonnets, which served the dual purpose of biding -their blushes an-3 protecting their faces troni cruel winds, and wrapped themselves in Paisley shawls those triumphs of the Scottish "weavers' art." The blqck, now the parade ground of beauty and fashion, was then not 'much m favor. It .ww loiy and ewompy, and divided from the main business centre' by a dirty little creek, whose course is now miirkcd by Elizabeth-street. Tnterest in the fortnightly exhibitions of the Arts nnd Crafts -Society Is growing, and the rooms- nrc crowded for the whole ot the afternoon. Yesterday there was a collection of lace and needle work, which included some interesting exhibits of old gotvns that had been worn at the corona tion of Queen Anne. Many of the speci mens pf embroidery were over 100 years old. A great deal of interest centred round beautiful examples of old Flemish, Brussels lloae Point and Irish crochet work; ' 