South Coast Tour., IN SEARCH OF BUTTER ANI) CHEESE Mr. "W. F. 'Criehton, who was in a trip to Bega recently has been all over Australia and New Ze land having come out from Home to obtain i icrea- sed supplies oi' butter and cheese on behalf of the well-known Lonlo i firm of w. >\ eddet ana Co., Leu., was inter viewed by a "Star" repor er and im parted some very useful information .as regards how Australian butter ought to be handled at Home so as to produce to the farmer the largest return for his cream. Mr. Criehton, who has had a long aiid varied experience in the sale of butter and cheese from all countries shipping t6 the Home markets, says very good prices will be realised next season for both butter and cheese. >uci& lo iiu itsnr ui uvur pruuuuiiuu, as Continental countries which used to send their surplus productions to Great Britain for sile are now, owing to the rapid increase of their in dustries, haying to import butters, and this state or things is bound to grow. Ab regards choose, Mr. Crieh ton. pointed out that Canada, which at one time 'sent very large, quantities to Britain for' sale, will send le®s and less each year owing to the large in crease of its population from the in flux of immigrants. Now Zetland, especially from the Soutli Island, is sending homo large quantities, and our visitor thinks it worth while lor this district to consider the making ,i»f cheese for export. "What is wanted for the home markets is cheese of 70 to 80 lbs each, of cheddar shape, and either white or colored, and not too hard in make. He motored south from Sydney last week, accompanied by the firm's New. South "Walei agent, Mr. A. J. Fraser, and is delighted with the Country, which, he says, could not look better. The herds are all in good con dition, and there is abundance, of grass, j and. ol' course, is not surprised that the flow of milk at the present time is far ahead of the same period of last year. He advises the farmers to imitate the Danish farmers by keep- I ing their herds up to the very high est point of perfection, and mention® that for tiiis end the. New. Zealand Go vernment nro establishing cow testing- associations. Fanners should be care ful to find out the cows that are kcc ,- ing him. and none sponging on his ge nerosity. When a cow ceases to pro duce under a certain amount it on-, lit to be fattened and sent to the buteh v and another cow put in its place. He also bo'.ioves a cow -testing associat;.,a is being ronned. if not already es tablished at Casino so that Australia t farmers are awakening to the advantage to be gai c:l from cow testing. Our re presentative asked what lie thought or Government grading. Mr. .Crieh ton favors grading, as he feels sure, it tends to make the factory manager produce a bettor quality butter, but. , states that to produce good butter the manager must get, good cream, a. id under homo separation great car- should bo given to cream grading. While of opinion that Government gr.,- ding is desirable, Mr. Criehton does not believe in grade marking of tli: boxes. It is at least six weeks after the butters arc graded before they can be seen at home, and often he has seen what was graded second grade pre vious to shipment turning out and sell ing at better prices than what was (graded first grade previous to ship- linent. As far as his firm is concerned, selling as they do in small quantities all over Great Britain and Ii-oland, grad ing- even is no essential, because the butters are sold on arrival entirely on qualify, hut in the case of f.o.j. er. c.i.f. transactions grading- is necessary as a guide between buyer and seller. Asked his opinion as regards the re duction of the maximum' of jnoisluro \rl!ln\Vn/I ill P.viWivf 1 ft fr\ 1 per cent., Mr. Criehton cannot .under stand the reason of the reduction, as all other countries sending butter to Great Britain are allowed up to 10 per cent. It simply means, pontin- 1 ued Air. Criehton, that tho dairy farm er will have to produce 101 lbs butter fat in place of 100 lbs when the maxi mum amount of moisture was 16 per cent. The los? to tho industry will bet very considerable, and Mr. Criehton is sure Austiulim butter will not com mand any more monoy as .compared with other butlers. Mr. Criehton ' will be in the district for several days yet, , but lolurns to Melbourne next' .week, and expects to sail by the Macedonia lroin Adelaide on the 26th inst. Ho lias vi i.ed .South Australia, Victoria, Tasmania. N.S.W., Queensland and New Zealand, aud has had a very suc cessful and pleasant trip. He loves colonial manners, and pays a very high eompiuiic.it to his opponents' represen tatives... who on every occasion .have boon good spo.-ts, having assisted him in every shape and form. KIIo leaves the colonies with many ' happj- recol lections ot his first visit. 