WHITE SLAVERY IN VICTORIAN BUTTER FACTORIES. SWEATING CONDITIONS RAMPANT. Organization Badly Needed. Investigations into the conditions pre vailing in the butter factories of Ballarat disclose a shocking state of affairs. At this busy butter-making time of the year Holdenson and Neilson's butter factory has been kept going almost continuously, day and night, for many weeks past. This firm, which is established in a large way throughout Victoria, has its big head quarters in Flinders-street, Melbourne, and branch factories at Ballarat, Bendigo, Hamilton, Lake Boga, Loch, Warragul, and Valencia Creek, together with depots in various places. Of the typical enter prising type that starts out with little or no capital, but contains in its composition that inordinate supply of 'individual initiative, energy, and enterprise ' which win the admiration,, and are paraded be fore the public mind as most respectable citizenship by those 'Labor Socialist' antipathies, the genius of Holdenson and Neilson is such that in the course of a few years they have from small begin nings attained to large commercial di mensions. The facts below obtained by The Worker show that, as is usual in such cases, the evolution was due to the pro cess of expansion* and contraction — ex- pansion of the working hours of em ployees to a minimum of 10 Tiours per day, attaining the maximum of 24 hours per day on occasion; and- contraction of wages paid in like ratio. The working hours and rates of pay at the Ballarat factory (situate in the cen tre of the town) are typical of the other branch factories mentioned, and are as follows: — The hours per day worked by the men are never less than ten — from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m., allowing an hour for dinner. During past weeks the fac tory has been kept going night and day on barely two shifts. Commencing work on Saturday morning, 14th inst., two butter makers worked continuously (with the exception of two hours off for meals) from 7 a.m. to 7 a.m. Sunday morning — 24 hours. And one day last week the men worked from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. — 14 hours, allowing meal times. Paid weekly wages, the employees are allowed no overtime, and the wages are something like as under: — The foreman receives £2 10s. One butter-maker, qualified, and possessing many years' experience in all branches of the trade, gets £2 per week; while a second (a Dutch immigrant of six months, and of some experience in the Danish butter industry) is rewarded with a con siderably less wage. A late arrival from Ireland receiving 17s. 6d. has recently dis placed another employee who received 30s. per week for the 11 hours per day work of packing, weighing, and handling boxes of butter, etc. Two young men. (weighing in cream, taking samples, etc.) obtained £1 per week. A young fellow,. 18 years of age, driving a one-horse lorry for 11 hours each day, and attending to the stabling of two horses,' ia paid 17s. 6d. per week, while two waggon men carting to and from the factory through out the district earn 35s. and 25s. per week respectively. No Christmas holi days were permitted the men, who, when the slack season comes round, will re ceive their holidays on no pay. After 20 years' industrial legislation the Victorian Factories Act was only last session amended to apply to butter fac tories on the earnest solicitation of the Labor Party in the Assembly. Even as it is, a wages board cannot be fixed for the industry until power is given by a resolu tion of both Houses of the State Parlia ment. Up to the present no union exists in connection with butter factory em ployees, but an effort is to be made by the Ballarat Trades and Labor Council and the Kural Workers' Union to or ganize them. At the annual meeting of the Wire netting. Workers' Union of N.S.W., the officers . elected - were: — President, - W. Boon; Vice-president, W. J. Fisk;- secre tary, T. J. JDuggan; treasurer, E. Higglns; tyler, B. Moore. * * * Captain Dakin, secretary of the recently organized Fire Brigades Union of N.S.W., reports constant accessions to the strength of an already large membership. Regis tration' under the Industrial Disputes Act is shortly to be applied for by the Union, and when federation with similar bodies to be formed in the other States has been secured status under the Commonwealth Arbitration Act will be- sought. . Following are the officers of the new Union: — Pre- sident, G. C. Butcher; vice-president, . F. Lane; secretary, Captain D. . L. Dakin; treasurer, J. Beswick. 