LOOKING TOWARDS ; AUSTRALIA; - DANISH FARMERS WISH TO COME: \- out.: Melbourne, rAngas£13. tount tmrt wamemar bponnecK. is at present on a visit to Victoria- to find out [ what encouragement there is for agricuitu j,rists from Denmark to settle in- the State.. ) The visitor, in .an interview off 'Saturdayi said the amount of land available-, for-cuiti ['vation in Denmark was very-.limited, and the system of peasant proprietorship pre vailing tended to make it increasingly difli-" cult for young, farmers to secure-holdings. iThey were ambitious, virile, and- strong, but somewhat conservative and bitter when" they had been victimised. ' The Danish -Minister of Agriculture had had to step in to stop the exploitation of the . people b7 American and Canadian private companies, who. by glowing promises of free land and homesteads, coupled with flamboyant misrepresentations, had inveigled thousands of Scandinavians across the Atlantic. In the majority of instances the emigrants had been bled of fees and generally fleeced. ! Then they had heen left stranded to battle i for an existence among people whose lan guage they did not understand. The Danish : Government had no objection- to emigration as such, but the Ministry took a sulficiently paternal interest in the fanning commu nity to prevent their exploitation. I Count Sponneck could not speak too severely of the way some of his country ! men had been treated in the new world. In Denmark at the present time, especially in Jutland, he said, the eyes of wOuld-be emigrants were being turned towards Aus tralia. The material was at hand, and he could guarantee to bring out annually 300 Danish farmers, of whom the State would have reason to be proud. For the first two years they would work as farm laborers, and then, with the capital they brought with them, plus their savings, they would take up land and work it. The people he proposed to bring out understood beetroot cultivation and the processes of Conversion into sugar. But dairying, poultry, and general farming would provide avenues for Danish enterprise. Count Sponneck added that he had laid a proposition before Mr. H. 0. Allen (chief immigration officer), who had promised to submit it to Mr. Graham (Minister of Ag riculture). Briefly, it was that he be com missioned to set out for Copenhagen an nually and to spend one month in Den mark, Norway, and Sweden respectively. He proposed to accompany each batch of immigrants and supervise them after their arrival here until they were all placed in situations. The men would follow from: Scandinavia, for they knew him, and also! that anything he lent his name to would be bona fide. He did not desire to work as an agent, but as the' representative of the Victorian Government, furnished -with full credentials, bearing the impress of the Government. The cost, he concluded, would, be extremely moderate. 