Club Window.-:?? Lord Lindsey was A.D.C. to Lord Carring ton when he was Governor of New South' Wales, and married a charming Australian lady, the daughter of Dr. J. C. Cox, of Craig Nook, Sydney. In the British Crown Colony of HIong Kong a coifi is in circulation known as the "mil." This is a tiny copper coin with a hole in the centre intended to' take the place of the Chinese "cash," which is - one fifty third of a penny, and is in general iuse among the coolies in the Coloriy. The mil is one tenth part of a cent, one- thousandth part of a dollar, and as-the silver dollar in use in Hong Kong is wor!lth about z/7, it follows that the mil is in ireality worth about one- fifty. third of a penny. This, therefore, is the value of the smallest British coin. Mr. William Frederick, a commercial traveller, of New York, is said to be the only man who has committed the Bible, with its three and a half million letters, to memory. Hie can repeat any passage in it, given a start. The German Emperor has recently p'ur chased six new motor cars. The Kaiser now possesses twenty-four passenger cars and four luggage cars, and he employs fifty-two chauffeurs. Sir' Joseph Ward, the Premier of New Zealand, tells this story of a Maori "sitch doctor." The man claimed that he was able to walk upon water, and one day a group of his followsers went with him to a lake in order that they might see him.perfoim the miracle. When they reached the water's edge, the "witch-doctor" turned to those about him. "Do youall believe that I.can walk on the water?" he demanded in solemn tones. "Yes, yes," was the reverent answer, "wo do believe." "Then," was tile calm reply, "there is no need for me to do it." And he Walked away. Coloiiol Seely is thle only lifeboat nfan in tho Governsidnt. Ho was in charge of a troop of Imporial Yeomanry in South Africa when-ho first bcname a toember of Paliamenst. Of the many stories told of Lord Ciharles Beresford, few are better than the folloking: It is said that hlie made a wager of £100 with "sme cdulime tllhat he ivould arive down flotten-row in broad daylight. (Vehicles wore forbidden in Rotten-row.) Those interestedposted themselves iontho railingsin the Park and awaited develop ments. The first thing to come along was a s-atar-cart. Thd driver came slowly piest to the railings and pretty nearly drenched tihe waiting ornes in thie Roow. The wsater-cart) man at once bec?mni the subject of forcible aid searching remarks. To the amazement of the by-standers lie pushed his oilskin hat back and revealed tlhe hcaminiog face of Charlie Beroasford, who said, "Hand over that hundred, old man." Lord Charles had squared thie wsater-cart man to let hinii play the part, which he did to perfection. His friends had been watching for a smart turn out of some description. Thle first Duke of Grafton was granted by Charles II. a certain import duty known as "prisaga and butlerage" upon wines. In 18006 the then existing duke commuted this duty for the annuity of £6870, and his heirs still receive yearly this handsome income. The distinction of being ancient.msarlner of the 'Varsity Croews belongs to the Rev. Canon Chetwynd Stapylton, who is now eighty-six years of age, and who rowed in the 'Varsity crew of 1845. He is the oldest living survivor of the 'Varsity boat-race. .Ho rowed' for Oxfotd at Henley in 18,. and is still lhale and hearty, good for long wallrs, and well heard when he preachcs in large churches. In the college boat withl him rowed Lord Halobury, now nearly ninety years of age, and Cannon lioyds, who is eiglhty-six, and who still rides a bicycle. And yet there are people who assort that boat-racing shortens a man's life. Mr. 4ndrew Carnegie's ancestors on hIis fathler's side were weavers, and on Ihis mother's side shoemakers. The Laird of Skibo declares his emblems of nobility to be a weaver's shuttle crossed by a shoomaker's knife. Christian names nowadays are iegion yet English kings hlvo been content with nine names for thirty-three individuals since the. Conqueror seized the novorignty of the Realm of England at Senlac. This remarkable fact is further emphasised when we consider that two of these nine were only used once, leaving only seven names for the other thirty-one kings from William I. to George V. These stwo were Stephen and John, and it is remarkable that these tsso unsatisfactory kings were tho only English monarchs except the two Janiseses who bore Biblical names! You will search that storehouse of Christian names, the Scriptures, in vain for George, William, Edward, Charles, Henry, and R·ichard-a set which completes the names which our English kings during a period of 8.15 years have borne. Viscount Haldane claims to belong to an an cient Scottish family of Danish origin. In the North the Secretary for War is best known as a tihoologian. He is one of the best German scholars in the country. Regarded as the handsomesn t and best:dressed man in tlhe force, Chief Inspector Stocklley, of Scotland oYard, who recently retired, was known th Iis intimates as "The Toff" or "Gentleman James." He began lifo as a cleric iln a City office, but witlh his 'imagination fired by tihe stories of Sue, Gaboriau, and Poe, decided to join tlhepolice after six years of office life. And lhe makes the interesting confession that life in the London police force is every bit as romantio ss he imnagised it in hIis early days. The will of thle late Sir Richara Chalsffey Bakes has beess .worn for probate purposes at .£04,000. Ilesidenta of Ballinan ieport hIaving seen a fly ing nmschlins anss over tlhe district in a southi easterly slirection. Ton miners at Mount Kembla refused to pay fines for absenting tlemselves from work, and droided to go to gaol. 'The Minister for Education has decided to ex clude Wollongong from the Saturday hIalf-holi day for the present. Tihe projected dam for water supply at Cor deoux will, it is stated, Ihave a larger storage capacity thlns Catnrect. At tise hearing of theoapplication for an asvwad for the slearing industry, evidence was given in regard to the "weot" sheep' question. Some disclosuieos were made as to the practice of shlearers impersonating fast shearers, known as "'ringers.o" TIso Victorian Government has decided to agaib encourage the immigration of farli labourers. A Ideral proclamation has been issued cal ling on thle Conunonweaolth Electoral Officer to prepare a, roll for Western Australia. This is tise ollicil procedure preliminary to a revision of tihe Federal rolls. At thle 'risaworth P.P. Board thle chlairman stated that reports shorwed tlhat rabbits were in creasing. It was very hard, lIe remarked, to gt rstepponers to ta?ko thle necessary steps to destroy thes ni. Mr.HIolman is investigating thle congestion in the law courts and tlhe need for more adlequate .?coes Isnoldation. The bricknmsters hIave acceptel the wsole of thie claims put forwardl by the Brickenrters' Union. I T'o fishernns at Kingscote, S.A.. nanled J. Dixon and'T. Frassr, have been hdroswned by the ,capsining of a boat. 