LABOR AND THE TARIFF. WHAT IS A FAIR PROFIT? mr. hughes and manufac turers. , Vital national questions were discussed yesterday by the Acting Prime Alinister - (Air. Hughes) and representatives of Aus tralian manufacturers. Air. Hughes took.' frank attitndc towards tariff revision, stat ing tliat the Government wanted an effec- tive tariff, but would insist on manufac turers filling in schedules showing profitsj, ' wages, capital, and other details of theii. business. , Air. A. YVnnderlich (Sydney) president of the Associated Chambers of Alanufacturcs of Australia, said the deputation- was the outcome of a recent conference in Laun- ceatou. Tho manufacturers wished to con gratulate the Government on the speedy introduction of penny postage. (Hear, hear.)' They had passed a resolution that the present preference to local goods, based on a 15 per cent, advance, wns 'inadequate under the altered' conditions of trade. The prime cost of manufacture was constantly on the up, grade. Every industrial decision increased it. The manufacturers had no voice in the matter of wages, and they felt that us the better conditions were the out come of the present Government's policy- there should also be a marked preference given to locally made goods, in order to compensate for the increased wages and to keep the work in the country. Tho Govern ment had found, when it called for tenders for harness, how much the cost of manu facture had increnscd. ' They hoped that the Government would be prepared to keep .work in the country by giving a very' substantial preference to ' Australian made goods. As to the manufacturer's profit, JxLv. iluglieE had been described- as having spoken of what lie "would call a fair pro fit." The deputation would like to know just wliatjie would say was a fair profit. The 'circular issued by the Controller- General of Customs asking fo'r information for use in tariff revision hod -caused great heartburning in nil sections, for it was of far- too wide- reaching a character. It re quired such information tliat manufac turers, even if crying aloud for more pro tection, could not and would not disclose. But manufacturers were prepared to come before a non-political permanent bferd, and give on oath, verbally, the information now demanded. They urged thp Govern ment to establish such a board, to take evi dence in all the States, and assist Parlia ment to reach true decisions. The amount of erroneous information commonly sent; to members of Parliament when ai tariff was being framed or amended was appalling. The chambers did not wish the tariff generally rennened, but there were directions in whicli more protection - was required. Alanutacturers were tiie ' first to admit that they . had had prosperous limes, and that indus tries were in a flourishing state, but they fe.ucd that the progress made would be ar rested in the future, and they had already signs of Hint in sueli eases as that or manufacturer giving up manufacturing and establishing an importing business instead. Manufacturers in a large way were not only seriously contemplating relinqmalnng manufacture in this country, but were, actually doing so. But air oven mo''- vineing argument was tliat £4, 03, 000 worth- of goods had .been imported into New South Wales during the first ions months of this year; while last year the imports into Australia increased Dy £S,310,000. (Hear, hear.) . ' Air. J. AI. Joshua ( Victoria) _ presented two resolutions urging the ain>omtmcnt ot a tariff board, and tariff revision, harm, regard to the many anomalies cxistmg. aml its ineffectiveness as a protector of Aus tralian industries." Alanutacturers through out Australia, lie said, wished to 1,nPre"| the Government with -the inadequaci es tlic present tariff. He did not say that manufacturers were in a distressed comli- ion, and required immediate ameiirtmcnc of the tariff. That would be an obvious mis-statement. ManuFtteturqrs werc gcnct- ally well looked after, but t'herc \vas.;aa important section und large number sutler inu because of inadequacy and anomalies ot the -tariff. The Alinister. had taken the right step in asking tor confidential infor mation from manufacturers, but he had gone too far, and asked questions concern ing the inner nature of the -manufacturers business which no manufacturer making profits would answer, in order to get uiore protection to increase those profits, lhe only manufacturer who would give the in formation asked for would be he who-e affairs were in -a highly critical condition. No lAanufacturer who was making money would give tliat information. Never had such an inquisitorial demand been made. 'Piiose who required protection should, per- hops, he prepared i'o lay their cards on tho table, but -these circulars virtually demand ed to know the whole inner secrets ot thp manufacturer's business. They were, suf fering more from anomalies -than inade quate duties. In the manufacture of whisky, for instance, he was forced -to make "an article containing more fusel oil than the best Scotch whisky, because the excise duties forced liini to use a certain kind of still. A preference of 100 per cent, in the match making trade had re- suited in the establishment of a Swedish match -making factory in England, to get tiie benefits of the preference. The exist ing tariff had been made by a number of benevolent gentlemen with technical skill. -Afr. A. AI'Neilage, president Yrictorian Chamber of Alanuiactures, urget "prefer ential trade between self-governing por tions of the empire," and effective fiscal preference in Australia for British goods carried in British ships." Australian manufacturers, he claimed, were greatly in earnest in this mattei, and wished an im mediate start to be made -by reciprocal ar rangements with Canada and New Zeal- land. For trade and defence, a uniform gauge should be applied to the main lines. The Acting Prime Minister: Do you sug gest a way of financing -the change. . We are all patriotic here, but wo would be pre pared to argue at great length if it were suggested tliat we should pay for this. That is Victoria's" and Queensland's posi tion. -Mr. K. Hogarth (Tasmania) said the manufacturers had agreed that the field of choice of immigrants should be widened to include all approved immigrants of "'"le race. Australian- ninunfncturers should have the best still available, and in some lines of industry this came from the German and Danish laborers. The tariff : was an important question, but if they did not get immigrants they would not be able to manufacture the goods. Defence and manufactures needed a large influx o£ population from overseas. N1'; -F-' Hogs .(Victoria) asked for the prohibition of indecent and dangerous drugs and preparations from entering- the Commonwealth He urgj-u tliat the States should be asked to cooperate, for it was not a political question, but one affecting very materially the welfare of the nation. £he political leaders must take up this question of ruce suicide. MR. HUGHES'S REPLY. The Acting Prime Alinister said the re-' quests would receive the best consideration of the Government. He would refer some of tlic resolutions to the Minister of Cus-. toms, who had more particularly to decide them. But, speaking generally, lie would say tliat some very serious statements had lieert marie by the deputation. It bad been said that one man was importing goods lie formerly manufactured, which ' was a serious matter. He was reassured, however, by Air. Joshua's references to tlic prosperity of manufacturers. Certain ly manufacturers were very prosperous, and if any were suffering, it could not be attributed to the tariff. But Mr. Joshua also said there were anomalies in the tariff which appeared incredible to .'people ot ' other countries. The tariff had not; pre vented, if it -had not caused, a general pro sperity of which we had never seen the like. Considering that wc were human and prone to err, it was a substantial con cession to state that the - tariff was satis factory except m some particulars, but it need not deter us from remedying those. The circular sent jut by the Alinister of Customs, who was and always had been a protectionist, had been in pursuance of the Government's desire to make this tariff : most effective and perfect instrument. He (Mr. Iiughes), was a freetrader, but since tlic people of Australia had shown in a perfectly unmistakable manner thnt the> desired a tariff, it appeared to him that they should be given- what they wanted in an effective form. (Hear,- -hear.) If the -whole tariff were to oe reopened it might be I'cgiivueu as an impossible task to uscci« tain the necessary information- on then lines, 'but only a small percentage of Hie hundreds of items were . to bo amendou Remembering that tue Govorumcnt repiq- whole community, and the v8? .n'y ne section, what did tfeyobjeot to fo the qchedule?. - - An ac- dfctlSSES?8 .-that it would mfv 'P-f'tCOnfidentiair ,Hc would not /Sin Wfc,'oj ,75 for information the nSi 4 L trade competitors or Ahat Pfw Jf i1' but they had stated 'iriYe 'the'Trifow! Ptively , prepared to P to,ai Permanent board, .on in wTrtb0 ?y to the per- iwere tri V,ojy to-hQm the statements traordlifnS1 2 created, rather an fcfd htoHfe War-',LfCkj'€r fidentlat 7 a great-ocal of con- 'dn !ritePaf-li"i'and 1,0 eoniplaint ' .Further, they posed to have ffivdn to "V WT SUp' mission. vIV9n it, .to the tariff com- ' bein« «»ked to ywrs. That last three commission! ' ThendlreVmi '» terif profita is not- n . . .'ty®. question of our long as i f tI,e -tatiff. As »t a fafo rati a good article fc not epneorendailof?,,rrrLfil th P"Wic manufacturer fnMitisteta Anstralian .their way foorftrnaripmg'ri!g to tl,ro«' i-to out their case ,ey must make trade from one ilich ltered this bafovmn?- to another, can be Mr. Joshua save tfo ui 8 -ou be given, whether 'maniifapf? ?9 J»ot concern- , 100 or 1000' per 'cmit fori make a nrofit of see that the 2ve are 1,ero to for its: goods. Yon ,)nV to "cli preference to Austral in n «s also , to give «;e. as' custodfons of rariri?ooda' and s"rel\' Tight to kfoow Whethor V moncy' have a T' 400 per dent' profit y' A'0 "king 100 Iceepmg up a vorv fine ,re certainiy Wight not be well w?tl, ?peal?nCL>' Things toytis50"' but "'e known to memfoL ofPr sehpt,"les be ! The Acting frfo At— alrllan,,ent? fire for AIr. Ttidn? irSt<U: evcr. Tlicv Referring to the reoirani-' Lockyer alone, ferance to focal Lraln i or. %thcr pre- Minister said it wn" 'I'rinra Vernment to siinnnS a p\w of the Go- JVhat was the rffiisonnkf1 ra '""I'.'industries. ferenoe? He would 2 , "intom for pre- bering that everv ease 1"?lvcr> remein- Jts merits. ImmimUS! be judged on the hands of the Yafl d'f;eotly in the romancp sin-wiSr .at . 18 birthplace, . he stream of people incrcnRincr '"Tltn Government had taken . 0 ps potaibie vf grants auitabler ru'ral'lvovkinrlp n/i07lng ln t',eb" train woujd come i.lioso of the nntfon'0 wtbniM "P- t,le greatness or tne nation. Whore artisans were re- quired no doubt they would coine. Ho did not nree with the statement that the Ger- «bmJtP.?,1!iranllvW!ls.,lno''e . desirable as ' a i i!ier t¥n tbc British. lie was wf rxf tr 1a as we were coneernod. raLhnnLkFUs;Ms) 1:,n.e?' f to branch of mechanical art m which tlie. German wag more skilful than the British. Uniformitv of railway gauge was being well considered, and Western Australia would convert lbs line from Kalgoorlie to Perth to -I feet 8'A mcli gauge, and South ..Australia that from Adelaide to Port Augusta,- to make, the transcontinental railwav. uniform. The Government was doing- all possible to keep' JBriecent drugs out of the Commonwealth, vs. , ey were now being made locally. ;B»bels were removed and others, substi tuted-. -A full inquiry had been made and Bteps instituted. (Hear, hear.) 