From Various Sources Lord Northcote possessed a sublime gift (or quietly repressing people who 1 pushed forward oat of; their £unv He had a sjpw, caretnj,. studiedlway. of spewing,' 'which gay*. point, to .bis rebukes.' It. once fell -to hi$i t6 ad? monish in this manner a certain Australian naval officer.* It was on board the Cerberus, and it was after dinner; when everybody wanted to hear Loftl Northcote talk about himself.j But the naval officer aforesaid had the floor, and insisted upon keeping it. He was telling stories about, "When. I was in the Imperial Navy." They might have been good enough stories, but no one wanted to hear them. At last, there was a pause, and; Lord Northcote, with a solemn twinkle in his eye, cut in: "Ah, well, speaking of somewhat smaller potatoes, when: I was secretary to Lord Salisbury—" And then followed one of the k anecdotes everybody had been waiting for, and which Lord Northcote could tell so inimitably v The naval officer never turned a hair. » People get home- tired when they get much money—rgei tired of seeing the same old faces evfery day about the place, and so they go abroad to; visit other lands and see other -fitcesj and Squander their money on things: they don't want, and really don't know what to do with when they get. them. Then they get tired of it allget tired of new faces and of mixing with strange peoples, whom they don'tl understand and who don't want to: understand them, and they get llomesick and come back to proclaim >Aus-~ tralia "God's own country." They are. always glad to get back again—.not because they are patriots and love the country better than anywhere else, but because they are somebodies' here; w*hile abroad they are nobodies in particular. That is the strength of it They are not multi-millionaires— they are not even Americans—and, worst of all, they have no family tree. Globe-trotters, Continental trippers and round the world tourists are all very well in their way, and all very nice and all that to meet in the big hotels, and at the costly table d'hotes of the fashionable cafes; but when it comes to a week-end stay at the family mansions of the nobility, it Is another thing altog^her, unless you have a big banking account or a large family tree. It is one of the lessons of the Coronation, anjd it will not readily be forgotten by hundreds of trippers, who now realise that, after all, there is "no place like home." There is nothing like the crisp, clear jingle of a sovereign to open all doors,, except, . perhaps, that which Peter guards;" out Australians are not used: to. the practice of paying for admissions which they can get "on the,hod" in. their own native land, and so it .has come to them that "there is no place like" home," and they have come back fft tpU,us again that ^ustr^ia is; "God's own country.," *' ' An Eastern steamer recently dropped a prohibited immigrant in Melbourne and steamed away. The Customs Department spread its meshes and ^trapped the undesirable before he had time to obliterate his identity in the haven of Little Bourke street. An officei*«of the department jumped at the chance of conveying the prisoner to Sydney, whence to ship him home to China. It meant a pleasant little. holiday jaunt. fiUt at" Sydney sfcatiofa the officer, after planting his charge, on a tram, remembered a forgotten trunk and 'rushed back to the railway platform for it. Returning, he £ound the tram and his prisoner departed. The conductor, unable to get a fare out of the Celestial! dumped him somewhere about the heart of the Chinese Quarter, and now there is not a writ of habeas in all . the Commonwealth strQng enough j to draw the lost ope from.jpnpn^ Us coysins. \- Vegetables are not coming down in I price in Melbourne, and there is now I a fear that they are likely to be much I dearer. Ordinary persons read of |this with equanimity ; biir' to housekeepers with limited income it is a serious matter, and to maiiy boarding-house keepers it spells disaster. Poor M^s. Boardinghousel She is even more abused than mother-in-law nowadays; but she is a long-suffering person, and if she. is hard at times „it Is because contact with designing man has toughened her. The head of ah establishment containing fifteen or twent boarders at 17/6 or £1 per week kj^g tetter ^ anyone else what dear vegetables mean. .Her hungry push, who rush the victuals three times a day, and settle down on meals like a grasshopper plague on a green crop* sweeping the table as bare as a brick wall, consume tremendous masses of cabbage; carrots, parsnips, peas, turnips, and potatoes, and these, which were cheap foods, and made cheap board possible, are now dear,' with the result that many a distracted woman sees lean ruin Staring her in the face. For the; salvation of these afflicted battlers, the man who will show how boiled grass may be disguised as chopped cabbage or spinach can reckon upon being given a monument when he dies* We have heard of one enterprising woman in South Melbourne who has nearly, cleared an adjoining paddock that was choked with marshmallows; but how she succeeds in satisfyifig.'; heir / eight one and six o'clock rushes that boiled marshmallow is good cabbage nobody knows. Probably the precioup secret will die with her. It may in-' terest many at this, famine period to know that boiled turnip-tops are an excellent vegetable, and that the newer shoots of Scotch thistles when boiled are not bad eating. But the trouble will remain, it seems, and tiiere*s no sense in crying: "Peas! #eas!" when there are no peas. •' • •' "The face at the window"'has turned up again. A family in a select suburb was lately alarmed by the screams of their girleen, who bankers after fresh air at night time. Awakening from. her -fifst beauty sleep, she saw, by the light of the moon, ja face peering at her from the open casement The spirit for adventure was dead in that girl, for she opened her mOuth and called for assistance. The culprit, a garden hand, was discovered, who declared he was a sleep-walker, and often at night time went out and covered up his most precious blossoms to save them from being moonstruck whilst stilly safe in _ the arms of'Morpheus. Of course! they didn't doubt?-.his words ; ,but th|ey relieved him from his duties. T The Austrian Parliament -lives sixyears. The . Italian,'. ^German, ProsgjgH, and &panish; live five yea?s. "Rie PrehcIu the Dutch, the Selgian,. the Portuguese and the ^Roumanian live , years. e Danish and the j 