EXPORT, TRADE FACILITIES. ^ _ _ ? » A practical question of moment to 'Australia was raised in the interesting report of an interview with Mr. A. Drakard, published in The Register re cently, and fresh attention is drawn to it by the cabled intimation that thai High Commissioner for the Common wealth, ja London bas arranged a new: ? scheme to advertise the different States. 'His department has selected agriculturists from each of the States who are now in England to attend the Norwich Show and explain to the visi tors the quality and products of the Commonwealth, and the manner in which they are grown.' Mr. Drakard is a patriotic and pushing former South Australian, who spoke from au almost unequalled wealth of experience, and he said:— 'It was dur ing my last tour that the importance of advertising Australia's products wag most strongly forced on me. .1 was ac tually asked whether Australian ap ples, butter, and so on were exported, or were exhibited simply to show what settlers could produce.' This state ment may provoke in many people either scepticism or bewilderment. It is, however, an incontrovertiUle fact that most of Australia's exports pass into -consumption in the United King dom without the slightest intimation to users that the goods were grown ami prepared for market under Australian skies. The assumption usually prevails that the articles are home grown or im ported from the Continent or America. Either merchants and retailers derive advantage from the consumers' igna rance, or else they will uot trouble lo classify their wares aud give credit iwhere credit is due. Unthinking Aus tralians may say— 'It does not matter so long as the things are sold, aud tbe exporter is paid for them:' but such reasoning is seriously fallacious. It is highly important, for many reasons, that cordial and direct relations should exist between-the seller and the buyer of our excellent fruits, butter, cheese, moats, wines, ami other products in which a regular trade is conducted. After all that lias been done in. arrang ing Australian 'displays' at exhibi tions, fftirs, and agricultural shows throughout Britain it' is intolerable that people who wish to do business with us should find it virtually Impossible to ensure execution of their orders; and it if. not clear that the High Commis sioner's scheme supplies the deficiency here indicated. .Encouragement ought to bs trivon to any sensible plan for removing '.the stigma of our magnificent . products being retailed under any name save their own. It may be advisable \n organize— as enterprising men could readily do with a lead by the Common: wealth Government— in all the prin cipal centres of population distributing stores to 'push' trade and guarantee an unfailing supply; of trustworthy goods. Australians cannot meekly sub mit to any of their exports being, un fairly treated as inferior to those of other countries. Mr. Drakard men tioned that in 1908, if Australian butter and meat had realized only a farthing extra per Ib., the growers would have benefited to the extent of £190,000. No adequate reason is given for the dis parity in the prices of Danish and Aus tralian butter, or of French and South Australian wine. The dealers who act as distributors cannot be blamed for buying as. cheaply as possible; but the growers should vigilantly guard their interests. If definite business methods were adopted to inform European coun tries of the real value of our goods we should soon, occupy a far more promi nent position in the world's markets than we now hold, and the rural work ers would renp a richer reward. With rapidly expanding yields from the soil, and large accessions of immigrants, the time has arrived for a forward move ment of the- character indicated. A start once made, private enterprise would do the rest. Such a policy, 'vigorously . and discreetly pursued, ?would have a useful and stimulating effect upon industry. It would give new zest to the producers by increasing | the demand for their goods and improv ing the prices. At the same time Aus tralia would win fresh honours, and prove more attractive to the best classes of British emigrants. 