Woodburn Shire Council. A' mooting. of tho above was held on Tuesday last at the Shire offices, Cora'ki. Present: — Crs. W. Yabslay (President), J. Olive, C. Henderson, Major Shallard, C. E. Middleton and C. Yabaley. Tho Council sat as a Finance Commit tee, and considered' at length the old question of who was 'entitled to the da and Co. or V/. A.- Thompson, but nothing defnnite was decided. Tho following accounts wero passed for payment:— Wages £127 5s 5d, Coun cillors' expenses A.1 3s 9d, salaries £50, Carey Bros. £100, P. F. Throlto £40, (j. Leeson £9 10s Id, Lands Department £20, W. Riley £2 23, Mrs. Stanford 12s, F. Nelson £3 5s, C. A. Cork £7 7s, H. A. M'Callum £2 2s, J. M'Mullen 5s Gd, Gnevo and Turner £1 5s, insurance lis Gd,- E. Toovey 5s, Geo. Leeson Is, petty 'cash £1 17s 5d, Paul and Gray £7 Gs 5d. Total £5G 9s lid. Tho Shire Clerk reported that tho ac counts for the year and half year had been duly audited, but as the auditor's report had not yet arrived he refrained from entering into particulars. The Clerk submitted a statement of arrears of rates, and several accounts and one for repairs caused by damage to wharf and punt by steamers, payment for which it was de cided to press. 'Receipts for January £7 15.? lOd. Credit balance — genera! fund £666 19s 7d. Tho Engineer reported that P. Threlfo had not yet commenced the contract on road Moonembah to Gibberagee, although the time for completion expired on 27th inst. Meanwhile Threlfo was employed on another contract in the Shirs. Tho Council received the report, and, on tho motion of Cr. Henderson, seconded by Cr. Shallard, decided to take no action at present,- providing Threlfo expedites fhe work. The Engineer recommended that' tenders bo invited locally for a caretaker for tha relieving punt. The report, was adopted pn the motion of Cr. Shallard, seconded by Cr. Henderson. A message 81 sympathy was received from Gundurimba Shire Council relative to tho death of the late Woodburn Shire President. Tho Lands Department wrote, stating tliat the Department had approved of lot 12, section 67,- lrood 13;[- perches, being granted to the Council for Shire Hall pur poses on paying' 12s 6d, half cost of survey. Moved by Cr. Henderson, sec onded by Cr. Middleton, that the .offer he accepted. The molion was put without discussion, and carried,- with two dis sentients — Crs. Shallard and Olive. Lower Myrlle Creek Progress Associa tion wrote, asking for certain road worki Request granted on the motion of Council lor Middleton, seconded by Cr. Henderson. Woodburn Progress Association wrote, asking for the removal of the Woodburn ferry approach fences to the lop gf tha cutting (Mr. J. F. Daly wrote to a sim ilar effect) also that a box drain be placed in the crossing' in Duke-street, betwean the A.B.C. Bank and Court House. It was decided to carry out the removal of fences as soon as possible,- on the motion of Cr. Shallard, seconded by Cr. Olive. Regarding die second matter, Cr. Shal lard said the footpath had created a lake in the main street. The Engineer said tho trouble had aris en through the Council deciding on putting down tho footpath against his advice. He reported against the proposal at the time, and told the Council what the effect on the footpath would be-. He recommended fil ling up the depression in the street. It was decided to carry out improve ments as soon as possible. C. S. Heugh asked for erection of . cul vert and three chains of formation in Duke-jtreet, S. Woodburn. The Engineer said the matter had been dealt with before, when the Council held tho work was not. justified. Cr. Olive said the request was a reasonable one, and should attended to. Cr. Shallard endorsed Cr. Olive's re marks. Heugh Was shut in by water in heavy weather; and his wife had been stock In Hie house for a solid fortnight, being unable to get out. ? Cr. Olive said the Engineer in his pre vious report said if would be cheaper to buy tlio men out than to do tho work. As a matter of fact £20 would do all that was required. Cr. Shallard: Ho wants £800 to sell out. On tlie molion of 'Cr. Olivo; seconded by Cr. Shallard, it was decided to do the work' when funds ? were available. Tho Department of Lands wrote; inquir ing if the Council had any objection |to closing of road by - gates applied lor , by Alex. A. M'Pherson. No objection of fered. F. Nelson, caretaker of 'the public wharf and shed at South Woodburn, re ported that cow3 were in the habit pf fouling the shed, and suggested that iron chains be stretched across the entrance in daytime. Burners for the lamp were also required. Moved by Cr. Shallard, seconded, by Cr. Olive,- and carried, that the requests be granted. 1 Evans River Progress Association wrote; asking for the erection of the longprom iscd bathing sheds, and for the next con tract on the Evans River road to b'c car ried out on the section between Wood burn Post-office and the one-mile peg. Cr. Middleton favored the bathing sheds being erected; dnd also strict supsrvision being exercised over the abominabl-a san« itary arrangements on the park there, otherwise the placc in a short time would become a veritable fever bed. After discussion it was resolved to deal with the matter referred to at next meet ing. Candido Roder wrote,- asking for culvert and forming on 'tho road near his place,' and offering to bear a half share of. this cost. The offer appealed to Councillors; and .'the' matter was referred to the Engin eer for report. V.' L. F. Benaud, .on behalf of several ratepayers, wrote, asking for repairs to road on . the 'Corifki side of Mr. J. Ellis, junr's., and for ' removal of obstructions on .road leading to his place* Cr. Henderson said the . work was badly needed, and should liav-o been done be fore this. Tho Engineer said (he last' Council had decided that 'the work remain over till this year's 'estimates', with the. rasull that an amount li'ad been put' on, the es timates by him for tlu's meeting. It was resolved to consider tho letter in conjunction with tlio estimates. L. Guitronich wrote, asking for altera tion to tlio sills of tho culvert over the drain recently put in by him. Referred back to the writer for more definite in formation. G. Grissell, - 11. II. Moss, and A. Olivo wrote, asking1 the Council to open up Watson-street, South Woodburn. Consid ered in conjunction with the estimates. B. Casey, on behalf of the teamsters, wrote, drawing attention to the state of tho canal bridge, which was so slippery as to cause death to a number of bul locks, besides crippling others. Cr. Shal lard 'moved, and Cr. Yahsley seconded, that tlio bridge bo gravelled. Tho Engineer said ? it was a question if it was desirablo to gravel a wooden 'structure like the bridge, as the gravel retamed the moisture, and would . thus tend to ,lhc rapid decay of the 'girders. Cr. Olivo favored sand and tar in place of gravel. He moved as an amendment that a coating of that nature be applied. Seconded by Cr. Henderson. Tho motion was carricd by four yotes to two. J. M. Ellis, jun., was granted permis sion to erect a public gate'. _ Cr. Henderson moved tho motion, no tice of which had been previously given, to tho 'effect that an inspector be ap pointed with power to compel the eradica tion of Noogoora burr and Bathurst burr. He pointed out the seriousness of the posi tion, as Noogoora burr was flourishing all over the district, near the river banks. Cr. Shallard seconded the motion, and suggested that the Engineer be appointed to act as inspector. Cr. Middleton was in accord with tho spirit of the motion, but pointed out that there was a motion on the books of this Council already proclaiming black thistle a noxious weed; and the inspec tor could compel the observance of that rule if he felt so inclined. To prevent any possibility occurring he intended to move at the next meeting for .the recision of the older in question. Cr. Olive agreed that it would be a great hardship to landowners to compel them to eradicate Scotch thistles. For that reason it was only intended to force landowners to deal with Noogoora burr and Bathurst burr. Councillors discussed tlie position as affecting thistles, and tlie fear was ex pressed that unless the declaration that thistles wete noxious could be rescinded it would be dangerous to pass the resolu tion. Tho motion was then put, and defeated by four votes to two (Crs. Henderson and Shallard). Cr. Olive suggested that the burr on the roads near Riley's Hill should be cut down by the maintenance men. Cr. Olivo moved the notice of motion he had given,—' That we place £650 on this year's estimates for tlie purchase of a stone-crushing plant.' Ho referred to fho success of the Tweed Shire's two stone crushcrs, and said that it had cost this Shire 5s 9d per yard to break down Riley's Hill stone to a 2iin. gauge, whereas tha stone crusher could do the work at 9d por yard, thereby showing a saving of 5s per yard. He read an extract from tho ' R. R. Herald' showing the wonderful success achieved by the stone crusher on tho Tweed, which had paid for itself in seven months,- and showed a credit' bal ance of £100. Cr. Shallard seconded tho motion, and said the Council would never get really cheap work 'till it went the whole hog, and invested in a full road plant, by means of which road work could be done at about one-fourth tho price. Cr. Middleton said he would require more information before lie voted for the motion. He wanted to know where tho stone was. Tho Engineer: That's the point. A stone crusher might be right enough for the river bank, if stone was available, but it was no good to other ridings which had no stone available. But tho whole project, was one for experts to advise on. Cr. Henderson said he had given great attention to the question of a stone crusher. Ho had inspected and inquired into the Tweed's plant, and found it ad mirable for its purpose. But there the position was altogether different. Stono was distributed right along long distances of road, but there was not a solitary quarry in tho . whole lof ' C' riding (which provided the bulk of tho rates), and practically tho wholo of ' B' riding was also without stone.; Cr. Shallard 'said the fact that one half the Shire had noi stone was no excuse for preventing the other half from pur chasing a crusher. Cr. Olive said a search for stone would result in good quarries being found all over the Shire. Moreover, a stono crusher would savo money, and thus al low more funds for roads all over 1he Shire. Rather than see the motion de feated, he would prefer seeing tlie whole cost charged to ' A' riding. Cr. Middleton: And the otlier ridings could hire it from yours. Cr. C. Yabsley thought it advisable t'o secure details or tlie cost of working the plant. Cr. Henderson said lie believed that before the end of the year a stone crusher would be purchased, but it was not right to ear-mark such a large amount of money now when it may be very badly needed ere long. The President thought it' possible to work in unison with tho Tintenbar and Gundurimba Shires, and establish a sta tionary quarry in Riley's Hill quarry. But failing thai _ he would support the motion. The Engineer said that Kennedy had a stone crusher, and Grant was estab lishing one down tlie river. If crushed stone was wanted the Shire could get it from them. Tho President: But. tliey want' a profit, and wo can keep that to ourselves. Cr. Middleton favored supporting pri vate enterprise in this matter, especially as these people would have to shoulder the labor problem, which was a big question just now. It might possibly bo that a Shiro crusher would be idle half the year. Cr. Shallard Said tho Shire, with a portable crusher, would be able tb place stone on the roads much' cheaper than private enterprise. Tho motion was carried on the casting Vote of the President. Cr. Henderson added that -h'e did not vote against the crusher, but against ear marking the money, at this particular stage. ? Cr. Olive inquired', if it was a fact that' one of tlie gangs bad been dismissed. If so, how ; many , men were now in the Council's . employ ? Tho President said this matter could be discussed _ii.t:' tho proper time. Tho Shire Clerk and' valuator reported IliO; valuations for 1911 wero as follow:— Y ''A' Riding. i Unimproved capital value ? £87,520 I Improved capital value ? .....£179,618 'B' Riding. Unimproved capital value ? ? ? £45,120 Improved capital value ? ? ? £85,335 . ' C ' Riding. Unimproved capital value ? £117,280 Improved capital value ? £188,631 Totals. 1911 — Unimproved capital value ? £249,920 „ Improved capital value ? £453,584 1910 — Unimproved capital value ? £246,770 „ Improved capital value. ? £443,533 Increases. Unimproved oapital value ? £3,150 Improved capital value ? ? £10,051 The Engineer r.eporled that the total amount available for |he roads this year was approximately £6468, independent of special grants. Provision was made for erection ot Shire offices in accordance with the resolution of the Council, and the cost, wluch is set down at £500, had been distributed on a revenue basis between the three ridings. Tho estimates as submitted by Hie Engineer were then discussed, and; after being amended, adopted as follow: — ' A' RIDING. 'Woodburn to Chatsworth ? £675 Woodburn to Boundary Creek ? 350 Woodburn to Evans 'Head ? ? '. 200 Woodburn to Swan Bay ? ? JL00 Swan Bay to- New Italy 76 Swan Bay; to Dorrington'a V20 Chalswoith road to tho Gap ? ? 50 Ililoy's Hill' to Broadwater ? ? 60 Riley's Hill to Ivilgin ? ? 150 Wagner's up Tuckcmbil Creek ? ,70 New Italy School' to Sertoli's ? ' 8 Main-street S. Woodburn ? ? 65 Wafson-stjeet S. Woodburn ? 10 Duke-street S. Woodburn ? 20 Approach to Swan Bay ferry ? 35 Swan Bay punt ? ? ? 30 Wharves ? ? ? ? ? 20 Bathing sheds Evans Head ? 45 Lamp at Bioadwaler wharf ? 10 Part cost of erection of Shiro offices 150 Contingent vote ? ? 75 Total' ? !..... ? 2208 'B' RIDING. Bungawalbin to Swan Bay ? ? 325 Bungawalbin to Moonembah ? 75 Moonembah to Gibberagbe ? 150 Moonembah to Bertoli's ...1 ? 70 Bora Ridgo to Myall Creek ? - 150 Swan Bay lo Dorrinngton's ? 20 Buudock's Crosng. to Gibberageo -80 Gibberagee to Whiporie ? ? 200 Bora Ridgo to Bungawalbin ? 150 Kirkland's lane, Bungawalbin 10 : Proportion of erection of Shire ofs; 0 Contingent vote ? 85 Total ? 1355 'CHIDING. Coraki to Tatham ? 700 Coraki to Bora, Ridge ? ? ? ? ? 350 Casino to Lawrence ? 225 Tatham to Myrtle Creek ? ? 450 Coraki lo Upper Sandy Creek ...... 125 Bora Ridgo to Myrtle Creek ...... 150 Bundock's Crsng. to Elliott's'. ? 100 Schofield's to Ellangowan ? 50 Lemonade Waterholes to Grecnsts. 50 Greensfreet's to Middleton's ? ? 50 Birmingham's bridge to Springvillp 30 Codiinglon lano ? ? 80 Ellangowan Schl. to Coombell ... 75 Schoiield's towards Coombell ? 75 Tatham wharf and Approaches ? 30 Part cost erect Shiro offices ... 235; Birmingham's (shed wharf) ? 75 Contingencies ? ; ? ? 110 Total ? ? ? ? ? „ 2905 On the molion of Cr. Middleton, sec onded by Cr. Shallard, it was decided to publish the estimates 'of revenue and ex penditure. On the motion of Cr. Shallard, seconded ?by Cr. Olivp it was resolved that tho whole Council constitute a Finance and Works Committee. Cr. Shallard drew attention tb the seri ous encroachment of the sand at Bound ary Creek. The sand was coming across from the sea at an amaizng rate. It had already rendered useless nearly the whole of one farm, by next winter it would be attacking the next farm, and at no distant date it would be pouring into the Richmond River itself. There was only one way lo end the trouble, and that was lo plant Marram grass, which would prove an effective harrier. But tho person whose land was submerged sand refused to allow any attempt' to be made. Tlio only thing he (Cr. Shallard) could suggest was to resume the litlb land left, plant Marram grass; and savo the other farms. Every gale that oc curred drove the sand a chain or moro inland. The man referred to had lost his land, and apparently doesn't care. Cr. Olive: Ana lie doesn't care if other farmers also lose theirs. _ It was decided tliat the Council would visit the spot on Monday next'. Cr. Shallard dreiv attention tb the way fhe N.C.S.N. ? Co.'s vessels were injuring tho river bank protection walls and the river bank' itself by steaming full speed MP the river in defiance of the regula tions. The Brundali was a particularly bad offender, and the practice wanted slopping. Hodgo and De Hayr applied for per mission to construct a tramway across tho road lo the creek at Moonembah, Granted on the motion of Cr. Middleton, seconded by Cr. Olive. The- next meeting was fixed for Tues day fortnight. Ethel Le Neve, late paramour of the murderer Cnppen, has sailed from Eng land to Canada, lo marry a wealthy Can andian, it is said. This is a good Government,' re marked Aid. Nolan, with a line touch of irony the other night. ' There'll be no places for peo(ple to go shortly except to the pubs.' This, in reference to llio closing ot post offices at G p.m. An extraordinary ' sale ot a husband '? has come to light in America. Senot Degogorza, the famous baritone, wanted a divorce from his wife in order to marry Madame Emma Eames, the celebrated Am erican prima donna. Dogogorza refused to consent to the proposal unless Madams Eames paid over £20,000. Madame Eames has consented lo do this. The 150 fishermen who were adrift on an ico floe in a gale off the DanisH coast for several days, have been res cued. A railway employee, Charles Morgan, had a narrow escapo from death from ' burning in his 'tent near Casino on last Thursday week. A fellow- employee, F. Brandon, on returning home, found tin tent ablaze, with Morgan sound asleep in it. The latter was rescued in a dazed condition. The tent and . contents wero destroyed. Mr. Moseley is taking proceedings to oust Cr. Butler from Bellingen Shire. These aro the two candidates who louuiit such a bitter election duel. Butler lead by two votes on polling day, but increased his majority to eight a week later, when the poll was taken at a booth that was isolated by flood waters on election day. By the way, on the' second day the re turning officer only took a dozen ballot papers along, but as 40 voters called lie had to write out ballot papers for of them 1 A small seam of very rich gold has been struck on the Eleanor reef, on Carter's Consolidated, Pine- Creek, South Australia A small quantity ot stone is estimated to carry lOOOoz. of gold to the ton. Similar rich pockets havo been found on this lease in llio past, but the encouraging feature about the present find is tliat it is_at tho greatest depth yet reached on the lino of reef — 195ft. It is understood that the Hon. Thomas Glassey, the first Labor member in ft' Queensland Parliament, and subsequentlj a representative of Queensland in Hi® first Federal Senate, is about to go to England as a Govt, immigration agent for the agricultural districts in tho Norli of England, and that Mr. O'Keefe, onc« a member of the Legislative Assembly* has been appointed to a similar position 0 Ireland. Mr. II. Rieck, of Coff's Ilarbor, wb? was the first man on the North Coast to exploit the possibilities of Fiji banana cul ture for commercial profit, still continue to extend his plantation. He has. cw bunches this season with 20 dozen large sized fruit on them. The coach used by England's kings and queens for coronalion ceremonies dur ing the past 200 years was destroyed W fire last week. Mr. J. J. Kissane, of Casino, has bet® instructed to commence proceedings wuj a view of ousting the recently clcctW Municipal Council in Lismore. ^ , An extraordinary encroachment of u® sea sand , on farm lands, near Boundsut Creek is. engaging the attention of JS o®4* burn Shiro Council. ? ' 1 ? ?? , . 