RETURN OF MR. MURRAY. ELECTRIFICATION INQUIRY. STEAM MOTOR RAIL CARS. After nearly six months' absence the State Premier (Mr. Murray) returned from his trip abroad yesterday. Mr. Murray, who was accompanied by his daughter, tra- velled overland from Adelaide, and was met at the Spencer-street station by Mrs. Murray and family, Captain Awdry, A.D.C. (on behalf of the Governor, Sir John Fuller), the Acting Premier (Mr. Watt), and members of the State Ministry, mem- bers of both Houses of the State Parlia- ment, and leading officials of the State public service. The welcome which Mr. Murray received was cordial, and the burden of his reply to congratulations was that he had had a pleasant, if busy, trip, and that he was glad to be home again. Subsequently Mr. Murray, in reply to what was put to him as the "burning ques- tions of the hour," said that the dates of the prorogation of the State Parliament and of the elections would be decided upon at a meeting of the State Cabinet, to be held to-day. Referring to his trip, the Pre- mier said that since he left Melbourne in April he had seen the Coronation, travelled extensively in England and Scotland and on the Continent of Europe, and had accu- mulated a mass of information that was weighty in more ways than one. "Apart from the Coronation," he said, "the chief object of my visit was to make inquiries regarding the electrification of the railways. On the general question I will only say this, that, leaving out any reference to the merits of rival systems. I am convinced that an electric system for suburban traffic or where large numbers of people have to be shifted within a short time is much superior to steam. The matter is at pre- bent being considered by the Ministry, and the information I have collected will be submitted to my colleagues. I may say that I have not come back committed to any system. My information relates to electrification in the United Kingdom and on the Continent. Mr. Harper, the Mel- bourne City Council electrician, who took part in our inquiries in Germany, is re- turning via America, and he will submit a report on his return. Whatever we do, we must make certain that we obtain the best system, not only for Melbourne of the pre- sent, but for Melbourne of the future. Two points we must secure in the system we adopt are economy and efficiency. There will be no chance of legislation regarding electrification being introduced this ses- sion. "In England they are using the direct- current and the single-phase systems; the direct-current system, so far as suburban working is concerned, being in operation on 93 per cent. of the lines. The alternating- current or overhead system in practically in its infancy in England. In Germany there seems to be no doubt that for long distances the single-phase system is the better of the two. The suburban system of Berlin is now about to be converted, but the single-phase system has been in opera- tion in Hamburg for four year. Where the two systems are in operation, whether in England or Germany, they seem to have given satisfaction. The question of which is the better appears to be dependent upon local conditions. In America both systems are in operation—the direct-current to the extent of 85 per cent. in New York and wholly in Chicago, Philadelphia, and Boston. I have also been informed that in America conversions are being made from the single phase to direct current; but, so far as America is concerned, Mr. Harper will supply more detailed information. One difficulty which the inquirer has to guard against is the tendency to be influenced by the case for the system last seen. I am not quite satisfied as to which of the two would cost the more." Special attention was also paid by Mr. Murray to the use being made of steam motor rail cars. On the Great Western line, in England, there are 40 of these cars, which in sparsely-settled districts have done a great deal to develop traffic. The cars, which cost from £1,600 to £1,900, travel up to 35 and 40 miles an hour, can be driven from either end, seat 61 passen- gers, have a running cost of 4½d. a mile, and total cost, allowing for everything, of from 7d. or 8d. per car mile. "I am going to strongly advise the Ministry to get a few of these motor rail cars," siad Mr. Mur- ray. "They would be of great service on our cross-country or spur lines. The Go- vernment has already ordered two motors from America, but these are more costly than the steam motors which the Great Western people build for their own use. I also saw railless steam-cars running. For some of the outer Melbourne suburbs this type of car would answer well." It has been suggested that, in the case of Australian produce intended for pro- vincial centres, it would be a great advan- tage if an arrangement could be made whereby the goods might be sent to the port nearest to the destination, rather than to the port of London, for distribution from that centre. Mr. Murray said that he looked into this matter, but found that it would be a hard job to change the channel by which produce travels at the present time. "London," he said, "is undoubtedly the great distributing centre; and a change could not be effected by one State alone. I am not so certain that it might not be done by combination, or through the Fede- ral Government. However, a representa- tive of one of the leading English shipping companies will be coming out to Aus- tralia, to consult with those interested in this matter. On the question of the re- presentation of Australia in London. Mr. Murray said that the Strand site was un- doubtedly the best. It would be of no use to reiterate what everyone was saying about how badly Australia was advertised in Great Britain, compared with Canada. There would be a great advantage in hav- ing all the States represented under one roof. Nearly all the representatives of the States agreed with that view, but Queens- land might be inclined to stand out. There should be one great Australian centre in London, a building, not worthy merely of the present inportance of the Common- wealth, but commensurate with what Aus- tralia would be in the future, and the near future at that. "The Victorian Immigration Office in London," continued Mr. Murray, "is well staffed, and it should be an improving factor in the settlement of population in our State. The difficulty at present is not so much in the enrolling of newcomers as in the securing of steamer accommodation. I learnt on the way back that this difficulty has been increased by the decision of some of the companies to restrict their accom- modation for what are termed 'immi- grants.' There is, I understand, some talk of a Government line of steamers, and, upon my word, it is about time that some- thing was done to improve the position." In the course of some general references to his trip, Mr. Murray said that he had been surprised at the small amount of pro- duction in some parts of England; that the best farming he had seen was in Scotland, and in Midlothian in particular; and that, after a personal acquaintance with dairying in Denmark, he considered that the best of the Denmark dairy herds were no bet- ter than those of Victoria, although the Danish farmers had a more elaborate sys- tem of feeding. "I came from England," he said, "convinced that the great pro- blem of that land is associated with the care and the development if the child. Unless the old country is to run to seed, vigorous steps to cope with this problem are imperative. I visited some of the slum centres of London and also some of the Salvation Army's institutions. The former make one absolutely depressed. The crying need of the children is just plain nourishment, and after that sound education and physical culture. Within the next ten years, I think, there will be a marked advance in legislation aimed at the uplifting of the masses." 