~ - SUMMARY. An immense public meeting was held at the Bolldhall in support of the proposed Anglo American arbitration treaty. Mr Asquith moved a resolution welcoming Mr Taffs proposals and pledging support to general arbitration principles. The motion was seconded by Mr. Balfour, and "ried unanimously. Sir Joseph Ward also spoke by invitation. Speakers emphasised the point that the treaty will not lessen Britain's world- wide responsibilities for the protection of her interests. The bill proposing the registration of alien immigrants was introduced in the Commons and sent to the Grand Committee. \- In a riot at Canton there were 300 casualties. The arrest of a revolutionary originated too disturbance. A collision between the Greek and Danish steamers Elbe and Alta sank the latter, and four persons were drowned. The Lord Chamberlain has notified the lead in dressmaker that the "hobble", skirt will not be allowed at Court functions. Morrison, the Clapham Common murderer, became very violent, and has had to be placed in a straiUacKet Mr A. G. Gardiner (Unionist) was elected to the Cheltenham seat in the Commons. Major Mathias (Liberal) was only four votes short. Pan-German newspapers aver that the Governor of Samoa Is showing undue partiality to English settlers. Dr Solf denies the allegations, and states that a certain friendliness must be shown the British. Colonel Mangin. who is commanding the Sultan's troops In For, can hold the town against the rebels for some time. Desperate lighting is reported between the rebels and a French force 60 miles west of Fez. The French casualties were 15. Sir Wilfred Laurier declined to postpone the Reciprocity Bill to enable him to attend the Imperial Conference. The "Pall Mall Gazette" says Sir Wilfrid Laurier's attitude comes within measurable distance of an affront to the mother country. The Conservatives retort that they will maintain their opposition to the last. The Mexican revolutionary movement still proceeds outside the armistice zone. Several minor captures by rebels are reported. The peace conference will meet at El Paso. ODO hundred persons are said to have been killed in a railway disaster at Easton, Pennsylvania. A meeting was held in London to promote the Anglo-German ra pproachement Professor Slcpor, of Munich, indicated that the two Governments were exchanging friendly views on the reduction of armaments. A British proposal to construct a railway In Persia has led to a great outcry in the German press. Stevenson defeated Inman by 1100 In the Billiards Control Club championship, and retained the title. George Gray challenges Stevenson and Inman to matches for £250 a side, level. Two card sharpers of International notoriety, "Count" Ostrovsky" and "Baron" von Roeniz have been arrested. Mr. W. T. Stead protests against the per Mention of Germans, which he refers to as an outbreak of sectarian savagery. The One Thousand Guinea Stakes at the Newmarket First Spring Meeting was won by Mr. J. A. De Rothschild's Atmah. The Acting Prime Minister says the Referendum proposals will be resubmitted at the 1913 elections. , Substantially the same form will be observed in submitting the questions. Referring to Mr. Holman's suggestion he said the Commonwealth could not legislate by permission of the States. Penny postage throughout the Commonwealth, and to England and oversea dominions, comes into force to-day. The cement loading dispute is giving rise to grave apprehension. Interstate steamship owners will get their permanent hands to load the cement. A start was made on Saturday. It is likely that the carters will throw in their lot with the wharf- labourers, and refuse to cart the cement. The Minister for Customs states that the defeat of the referendum will not affect the fate of the Navigation Bill. Between 14,000 and 15,000 persons will be liable to pay the federal land tax. A revenue of a million is expected this year. The body of a man with his throat cut was found in the scrub at Kogarah on Friday. Certain regulations are to be altered making concessions to public servants. A minimum salary of £110 to adult males Is provided. It is probable that a bill will be introduced in Parliament during the coming session providing for adult municipal suffrage The secretary of the Agricultural Imple- ment Employees' Union In Melbourne threatens to defy the Arbitration Court. Other unions, however, are inclined to withdraw their support if the threat Is persisted In. One of the evil things to be banished from Australia, said Cardinal Moran, Is Orange lam. The biggest cheese factory in the world has been opened at Taranaki, N.Z. Friction between the management and some members of the North Sydney School of Arts resulted In all the officers resigning. The strike of stove makers at Metters, Ltd, Alexandria, has been peacefully settled. Mr. Tudor is considering a means of effectively preventing the importation of improper books. Mr. Hughes alleges that returning officers! In Jomo booths recommended electors to vote No on the referendum. An Investigation is being made into this and other allegations concerning the taking V the poll. The Minister for Agriculture has made arrangements with the Sandown Freezing Works for the freezing and packing of rabbits. He says this was done to guard against a corner In freezing space being created. City Tattersalls Handicap at Randwick Saturday was won by Nangar. Gordon C.C. won the metropolitan grade cricket premiership on Saturday, Redfern being the runners-up. The month's State revenue returns show a falling-off of £273,571. There was a reduction of £348,500 from the Commonwealth. Revenue from other sources is very buoyant, and the Treasurer has £54,735 to the good. Delegates of the Congregational Union of New South Wales concluded their meetings at Katoomba on Thursday. Ayres on the railway, .,...",..."" ",. 44th Queensland, have gone on strike for higher wages. The death sentences passed on John Farring- ton and Peter Tynan for the murder of William Tynan at Mackay have been commuted. The first steamer from London with labourers for Queensland railways left London yesterday. 'J' a sensational encounter at Renmark a watchman was shot by an incendiary. The voting on the Western Australian local option poll is against an increase and in favour of State management. The result of the poll In South Australia regarding the salaries of members of Parliament is against any Increase The Rural Workers' Union has drawn up a scale of wages and conditions of work. Eight hours per day Is asked. a billiard match between Lindrum and williams was won by the former, who made a break of 706 on Saturday. In the Interstate lawn tennis contests, New South Wales beat Victoria in both gentlemen's and ladies' matches. crew Rugby league season was opened on saturday. Newtown, Glebe, South Sydney, and matches Suburbs won their respective Forecast Still some showers, with squally southerlies north of Sydney, otherwise fine. 7"~< got less and frosts, but shortly boil 2 S .wara>er. and unsettled in the south aorta lies Winds tending towards squally 