SAlE OUR HAAIR. Mr. Lederman. hair specialist and hair worker, of Sturt street, Ballarat. adver tises in this issue that he is .extending his already widely known business. ' The system of trading by post, introduced by 3Ir. Lederman, enables his country clients to obtain perfectly satisfactory atten tion at a minimum of trouble and trill ing expense. 3Ir. Lederman's practical experience, extending over 25 years, is an assurance of sound advice and good work. Ladies who have any difficulty with their hair. whether it is failing. or -turning grey, can obtain- advice free by writing to Mr. Lederman. A large , staff of trained hair-workers and hair-dressers is kept constantly engaged upon the manu- 1 facture of all kinds of hair work. The t Lederman transformation, ,which is a marvel of lit and comfort to the wearer, i is now generally used by ladies who wish t to appear stylish in their hair dressing. Th.- turban puff clusters and hair switches enable any lady to arrange her colffure easily and gracefully, and can-lbe made of comn'ings or of new naturally t waved hair. Full particulars may be obtained by writing for S?r. Ioderman's catalogue. For grey heirs the transfor mation hair wash is highly recommended ci as being safe and certain in its effect. sith-ul endangering the skin, the hair. or the health. All communications are .trictl- confidential. and parcels are sent culte free from observation t St. Matthew's Presbyterian Church, L Stawell, celebrated its jubilee on Sun day. o 3Ir. .,. IRoberts, from the Crown Law Ipartment' Melbbourne, has :hben ap- r 1rintld assistant in the office of MIr. F. W. In1nd, clerk of courts, Stawell. Mir. . Mintern. agent for the Inter- ti national Ilarvester Co.. ITorsham. adver- , tises drill-harrows for sale. Any trial i given. na A start has now been made with the ri building of the Maroona-Gheringhap rail- s; wnay line. I Accounts for the following await pay- y m" nt at the Itorsham sul-treasury :-J. It. lolton. Broadbent Bros., S. J. France. fI. Galway, E. 3I. Kiely. L. G. Lamb, G. i1. Iliby, A. S. Rodgers, Rtu mpnyup M3echanics' Institute, J. Willis. Madame Conly has just returned from a wonderfully successful tour, with ber " Quartette Party." through Gippsland and Northern Victoria. and got magni ficent criticisms on all sides from pr ss. In the Mlay Australian Journal, Just to hand per Mr. N. W. Turner. are some commendable Australian stories. 11 ad dition are given a long instalment each of three serials, detective's album, fast ions. fun and fancy, valuable informiation, it and a splendid story for the young folk. A barmaid at a Wellington (N.Z.) hotel has bee fined 10/, with costs amounting t to 9/. under the new Licensing Act, for having supplied liquor to a young man under 21 years of age. This is the first 8 prosecution under the act. sir: W. O. Gillespie conducted Messrs. Young Bros.' Fatlmuk stork sale for the I tirst time on Thursday last. The estimated profit from the Stilwell a Athletic Club's Easter cartival was £444 tI -4/. a Mlessrs. Dennvs. Lascelles. Austin and a Co.. of C,.lon?g. instructed by ifr. O. F. o 'tnv?lare. will sell at the Blrregntrra Ic- 0 chanirs' Institute on Friday. May -19th, a the balance of the Ripple Vale and Ingle- b by estates. Fuller particulars are ad- d \srttsid. and may be obtained from the Ih auctioneers.. At the police court on Friday. before SIr. E. lHarrison, l'.3f.. Johbn Dunbar was fined 5/ for the truancy of his child. lames Miller, of Wartook, was granted t a carrier's license. The yoang man Angus Spring. of 1oc- h hara. has been committed for trial on a charge of intlicting grievous bodily harnt on his brother Patrick and sister 3far garet. Trespassers with dogs and guns on the c South Brighton homestead property are ( re:luested to obtain permission to shoot b or they will be prosecuted. Recently de- t Ifterate daomge has been done on the f property by " sportsmen." Tenders for works in connection with I the .ung Jung recreation reserve are in vited, and close with the secretary. 3Ir. Gen. ,fIge. on Saturday. tMay 13th. Applications are invited by the Shire of Arapiles for a dayman for the north riding. The successful applicant will havp to provide his own horse and dray. The Queensland Government his de cid?d to charter a vessel to search for the wrect of the Tonal.a, and also to oilffer a rewsard of £1,00 O for the discovery of the location of the wreck. The offer is made in the hope that the. owners of rearling boats and divers may be in duced to take action to locate the ill fated steamer. At a meeting of cattle owners and milk vendors held in Perth, it was decided to increase the retail price of milk to 7d. a anart. This step is said to have become necessary owing to the wholesale men giyr ing notice of an incren?e in price to the retailers on' account of the present high price of fodder. The half-yearly report of, the Colonial Sugar lRefining Comoany showed a net roft' of £207,428, of which £112,428 was made in Australia, and £95,000 in Fiil and New Zealand. A dividend was declared at the rate of 10 per cent per annum. The-sum n-E-£7.000 rwas carried forward. Senior-Constable Barher; who left L3ur tea on Good Friday. had to return as wituess ro the ,icenses Rleduction Board on Tuesday. and his friends were olelled lo hear that he was comfortably located. being temporarily in-charge of thi West Melbourne police station.. True to his s',orting' instincts (says the sDnnminkle I :Standard 3Ir. Barber became the first raid member of the season to thied,3ir tot Football, Club. - At a meeting' of the ~Iamilton Borough I Coun-it a fortnlight ago.~Sayos Jenner ottered to lend the council £.00 to con sitruet a road past his house, without charging interest. The offdr sea' at empted, hut at the council meetirng onFri day night'it was pointed out that 'lioe ofer wans Illegal; and that it would be in troducing a bad principle. It was d. eided to coinsult'the council's solicitor.: 31r. McClellind says it is recognised by the commissioners that the- verrmanent way rqiuares re-making. and authoritybhas teen given' to. reyrad the whole lIne'bo twecn'Diinboola-and. JeParit at a -costr of al-ut £8,000. Arrangements are: now in hand' to secure all the 'necessary?; tal last 'and'iterials required, " ' The Rev.'L. L E.1 n e Lae, who is leba ing Casterton. for Iainbow, his bees pre sented'hy-hls congregation at the 3tetheo dlst Church'wlth _ a purse bof ioereiins, nd, assured 'of, the high esteem in vhich he is held azid the :irgret feit" at his de- Iarture - The p?ublic- are reminded f;oi;the it i trated ?tuare to he given by SIMr :EJ E. .lacker, director- of .the W'orlrng- Sen's Collegei niidegr 'the' auspicens of the HbIr ntiam branch of the A .A.., to-nIght ci -the Flr.--Brigade Hall ait 8 o'clocka.: Th ' lecture -huld r:prove e interesting and in structise - anshol- hs earn-id a renotation a as: a-lecturer d T~also: 'Sas 'th? i?dli tuoi al e onage n fofain~ ha ;o-nerdonally -v .siteied a la rlini'r 0of thI ptlaces to S:tieated in h lectire ::-Amr? ng:.lbhe, lanteri' sIdets fieb h.showns alre some of : ?cotional Ireruty' : Th lecliure' :is eni -tirily free. A mredial invitation is given SForClironicsCh.st Complaints, Woolds' Great reppermint Cure.- 1/6. Th volis at Cobden on Wednesday (says the - Geelong Adsertiser) inclodod "tr. J.-Bodey, a centenarian. The old gentleman Is-an Irishamn,, and possesses the quick lntellect characteristic of his race. He walked into the booth and vot ed unassisted. IMrs. Littlewood, of Horsham, one of the oldest residents of the linmmera and. a .colonist of 53 years, ceidbrated her 80th birthday last week. She has living six children, 50 grandchildren and 34 great grandchildren, making-a total of 90 de scendants. Mers.' Littlewood is still won derfully active for- her age. , To-morrow evening a tea meeting will be held in the Methodist schoolroom, fol lowed by-a welcome social to Mr. and M[rs. Judkins in the church. At'the Presbyterian Young Men's Club meeting on Friday evening the president. the Ieev. Thomas Gray, delivered a very Interesting and instructive address on the life of Abraham Lincoln. On. Friday evening next a musical evening and social will be held, to which all members of the congregation and their friends are in vited. Four lives were lost aS the result of a collision between a Creek and a Danish steamer in the North Sea. A bill to prevent- alin immigration has been presented to the House of Com mons. The Government of Crugray proposes to create a National Insurance Bank, which will have a monopoly of insurances fl. all kinds. The Berlin correspondent of the Morn ing Post states that the Pan-German newspapers are complaining that the G'cr manising of Samoa has been too slow under Dr. Sloss' administration. It is alleged that Dr. Sloss has shown undue partiality for English settlers. Eleven persons were killed and fifty in jured by an excursion train falling over an embankment in Pennsylvania.. The local option poll in Western Aus tralla favors State management-of hotels. The votes have not all been counted. Oscar Anderson. 02 years of age, while working near Hoffman Mill for Millar's Timber Colnpany, Perth, was killed as the result of a tree falling upon him. Miss Margaret C. Dalton, of Stawell. has passed the examination for registra tion as-a teacher of music. 'lho exports of butter from Victoria to ports beyond the Commonwealth amount ed to 274 tons last week. The total for the season has now reached 21,880 tons, valued at about £2,297,453. Mr. John McAuley will conduct a furnl ture sale on Wednesday, May 10th, on ac count of Mr. John Lane, who is leaving Horsham for Noradjuha. The furniture, which is in good repair, will lie sold on the premises, Millar street, at 2.15 o'clock. Application has been made by the Trus tee3, Executors and Agency Company Limited for letters of administration of the estate of the late Margaret Tulloh. of Harrow, widow, who died on the 27th November, 1909. The estate, which is valued- at £7349; consisting of £1585 realty and £5764 personalty, is divisible amongst the next of kin. -lteuben Stott, aged 22, a relieving por ter, has met his deatlu at Kensington. I It was an old story. " run down when cross ing the line." Both legs were cut offil, and the victim only lived. long enough to reach the hospital. What adds to the sadness of the tragedy is that the young man had arranged to be married to a young lady who resides at Geelonh. 