GENERAL NEWS. SALE OF NEW SEASON'S WOOL,. Australian centres of late years have jumped into prominence as distributing marts for wool grown in the Commonwealth. At one time shipping to long and or the Continent for auction was considered the desirable thing, and local sales were looked upon with a certain amount of suspicion by growers. Since then the Australian markets have been so built up that most owners "refer to have their clips disposed of here. The production of wool in the Commonwealth is so great-in 1910 Australia supplied English ports with 314,517,042 lb. that buyers cannot afford to neglect the home offerings. Consequently experts from all the great manufacturing centres of the world attend the leading sales. With the exception of the Americans, whom the wool from the north and north- east does not, suit, they were strongly represented at the first of the Adelaide series of sales on Thursday. It was noticeable that several clips from the River Darling district, that previously were sold in Melbourne and Sydney, were catalogued. This is a tribute to the standing of the Adelaide auctions and the energy of the brokers here. The total offering of wool was under 24 000 bales, and of this quantity the bulk was sold at prices quite 10\. percent, below values ruling at the opening sale last season. This drop was anticipated, for owing to the industrial troubles in Europe there has been some nervousness in the trade during the past few weeks. On this basis, however, there was keen demand, and growers who quitted their lots at prices ranging from 8d. to 10d. must have been satisfied. The results show a profitable return to the growers. EDUCATION COMMISSION. In pursuance of the recent decision of the House of Assembly the Governor has issued a proclamation directing that the scope of the Commission appointed on January 28 on University and higher education be extended, to enable the Commission to enquire into and report upon all branches of education. TRAINING DANISH SAILORS. The visit of the Danish training ship Vial king in Port Adelaide has created consider-] able interest, and the cadets and officers of this fine ship have made many friends here The commander, Captain Poulsen, called at the Consulate on Friday morning, and expressed to Mr. W. T. Stacy, the Consul. for Denmark, his keen appreciation of all the kindness and hospitality' extended to them during their visit. The vessel has loaded a cargo of wheat at Port Adelaide, and will sail from Semaphore to-day for the Channel for orders. EDUCATIONAL PROGRESS. Evidence of an intention to bring the education system of South Australia into line with other progressive States is found i in the Estimates for the department laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Thursday. The Minister (Hon. F. W Coneybeer) is making provision for the ap. I pointment of a medical officer at a salary | of £600 a year, a dentist at £400, and two, mares at £160 a year each. Then the sum of £3, 30 is set apart for the erection and equipment of gymnasia for physical culture;, and £1,200 for teachers of physical culture as required, while £425 is to be provided for medical attendance traveling expenses, material and sundries): The evening continuation classes now being started in various country centres are to be subsidised to the extent of £250 towards the purchase of apparatus and sundries.-,, and a similar sum is earmarked for the equipment. of the domestic science centres. FINAL COURT OF APPEAL. The Attorney-General has received through the Secretary of State for the Colonies a copy of a Bill which has been introduced into the House of Lords to make further provision with respect to the exercise by the House of Lords and the Privy Council of the appellate jurisdiction. The measure gives effect to the resolutions on the subject agreed to" by the imperial Conference.- is 'a?'.. . GIRLS FROM INDIA. The president of the immigration committee. Mrs. Dunn, has received numerous enquiries regarding the Government's reply to the resolutions passed at the public meeting in the Mayor's Parlor, Adelaide Town Hall, on September 14. No acknowledgment of the revolution has reached the president. When it does its contents will be made pu true without delay. The decision of the Government is being awaited with anxiety by a large number of women throughout the States Daily requests to reserve girls are being telephoned to the immigration committee from Kadina. Maitland. Kapunda, Port Wakefield, and elsewhere. WINE EASTING. The wine tasting in connection with the recent show was continued on Thursday morning, when a large number of people connected with the trade were present a the Exhibition Building. ADELAIDE TO MELBOURNE ON . , BICYCLES. Surrounded by a group of men and Royal near the Post-Office comer two Boy Scouts | listened to the advice of overland cyclist, on Thursday afternoon. They were about to leave on bicycles for Melbourne. The Scouts were Scoutmaster Dyer and Corporal Fitzgerald, of the O.B.I, troop. They were entrusted with a dispatch to Melbourne, and it is expected they will be welcomed by a thousand Scouts on their arrival in the Victorian capital. At 1.15 p.m. they started on their long Journey mounted on strong bicycles. By easy stages they will travel through Mount Gambier. Warrnambool, and Geelong, to Melbourne, and hope to arrive at their destination in ten days' time. The conditions are that the Scouts cook their own food sleep out of doors, and do not beg for provisions. The lads will be absent from home about a month. It was intended that: half a down Scouts should make the journey but on account of failure to pass the doctor's examination or other reasons the number was reduced to two. A BOWLING COUNCIL. Messrs. C. P. Moody and A. C. Thomas. delegates of the South Australian Bowling Association left by the express on Thurs day to take part in an interstate conference in Melbourne today. called for the purpose of forming an Australian Bowling Council. Thus project has been under consideration for some time. TROUBLE AT A SHEEP Sigerson. Between 20 and 25 men. Mr. F. W Lundie reports, left Campbell House sta- tion, Lake Albert, early in the wee- the cause of the refusal of the owner. M ._ Bowman, to sign the agreement, and employment has been obtained for them eLs - where. The agreement, MT-. Lundie added, had to be signed by the employers and em- ployes when work was being done in accordance with the award of the Federal Arbitration Court. "Mr Bowman, an executive officer of the Pastoralists' Association," concluded Mr. Lundie, has by not signing the agreement refused to work under the award. AN UNREHEARSED INCIDENT. An unrehearsed and exciting incident in connection with the taking by West's of the films of W. S. Percy's prize drama, "All for Gold," or "Jumping the Claim," ( took place in the vicinity of Springwood, on the Blue Mountains, near Sydney, last week. An arrangement had been made for a well-known stage beauty to drive a motor car at a rapid pace alongside the railway line during the passing of a fast train, in order to complete one of the sensations of the piece. The operator, Mr. Barrett, had fixed his camera at a convenient point of view, and was enjoying a smoke whilst he waited for the train to arrive. An hour before that time, however, a shrill whistle cleared the atmosphere, and before he realised what had happened a big Baldwin engine, snorting like a monster demon, was tearing out in his direction. Then the truth dawned upon him, and rushing to his camera he began to turn the handle vigorously, for on the road a cloud of dust told him that his race had begun all too soon. The lady "chaffeur" was gripping the steering-gear like one possessed, albeit her golden hair, rising and falling on the breeze, made a charming picture. On came the racing demons, the car gradually but surely '"bringing back" the locomotive. Passengers craned their heads through the windows and urged the driver of the train not to be beaten by a woman, Just when his motor with a last round nosed in front, the train disappeared in a cutting, and the most exciting struggle ever seen on the mountains was at an end. Ten minutes later the lady was having a champagne luncheon. The spirit of the chase had caught her, however. "If I had not passed him before I passed the camera I would have followed him to Bathurst, was all she said. SALVATION" OFFICER'S EXPERIENCES. At the Salvation Army Citadel. Pirie street, on Thursday night. Major Knapp gave an account of some humorous and pathetic incidents during his connection with the. Army. He joined nearly 29 years ago. when rotten eggs. "sticks, stones, and bottles, black eyes. and all manner of Pijsccwlion were the lot of the soldier in the town of Southampton. England. During the next four years he underwent seven days' imprisonment in Wordsworth Gaol. That was for carrying on the open air Work of the cause in the town of Guildford. Personal experiences with General Booth and other leaders also proved in Prettier. He was chosen to come to Australia 24 years ago, and he has been connected with the Army in almost all the States of the Commonwealth. Major Knapp said he had set himself the task of collecting £100 on his tour towards the self-denial fund in each place. COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE LEAGUE. Domestic Workers seem as scarce in New South Wales as they are in this State. Miss Grace Watson. of the Liberal Union, has received a letter from a farmer's wife near Mudgee. New South Wales, asking her to procure her one of the domestic workers on the books of the Colonial In reticence League. She adds, as an inducement, "The place is light and easy." She prefers a home girl. if possible, as her husband has a voice Welshman in his employ for the last twelve months, who has given every satisfaction, and whose character is of the best.'" This unsought tes ammonia is of value. as it shows that the type of farm laborer coming to Australia issued Miss Watson is paging the application on to London for attention. LABOR PARTY AND BUSH BURIALS. On Thursday Messrs. H. Jackson. M.P.. and other members of the executive of the United Labor Party brought under the notice of the Chief Secretary the following resolution carried at the annual conference of the party on Saturday last "That the disgraceful action of the police administration re- the burial of the dead body found in he bush be brought under the notice of the Chief Secretary's They asked that enquiries might be made into the matter in connection with which the resolution was carried, namely, the, reported burial of a man found dead near Winnininnie station, and the decision of a justice of the peace who saw the body that it should be buried practically where it was found, also the manner in which the burial was carried out. The Chief Secretary undertook to bring the matter under the notice of the Commissioner of Police with the object of obtaining a report. Owing to the great pressure on our. business columns, advertisers requested to hand in their advertisements as early as possible to-day, in order to secure proper classification in "The Advertiser" to-morrow. His Excellency the Governor in Council on Thursday issued proclamations opening polling-places as follow:- Elbow Hill. Hun- dt ed of Moody. Eyre Peninsula. Kapinnie Well. Mitchellville. Hundred of Wilton, Carow, all for the district of Flinders and the schoolroom. Hundred of Brinkley, for the district of Alexandra. Bank holidays have been proclaimed as fellow: Wednesday. October 4. Cowell: Thursday, October 5, Two Wells and Mallala; Wednesday, October 18, Parilla Port Victoria, and Lameroo; Wednesday. October 25. Port Victoria. The following I bank half-holidays have also been pro- j claimed: Wednesday. October 4, Freeling; Friday. October 6. Sail dieAvorth; Wednesday, October 25, Millicent. The Trade Commissioner in London tele- ' graphed on September 20 to the Govern- ment "Wheat market firm: rather dearer. June-July shipment bought at 36/6 per quarter."' " Messrs. D. it J. Fowler, Ltd., the South Australian agents for Messrs. J. & M. German Ltd., of London and Norwich, the famous mustard ' manufacturers, have shown us a show card that has just arrived from England advertising "Colmans" mustard. The centre of the card shows his Majesty the King, with his two sons, and her Majesty the Queen-the sons in sailor, uniforms also the Royal coach in process sion. The whole is very artistically get up, and any storekeepers can have a copy by applying at 14, King William-street. The agents would also he very pleased to show it to any of the general public who may wish to see it. The Eastern Extension Telegraph Company reports that the latest to gram from Adelaide which arrived in London up to 10 a.m. on September 21 was timed 5.25 p.m. the same day. The time occupied in transit was 1 hour 50 minutes. The Laura Show takes place on Wednesday next. Given a fine day it is expected that the Show will be a great success. The entries are satisfactory, and the Show Grounds are looking at their best. Excur- sion fares will be available on Tuesday next. 