LOOKING TOWARDS AUSTRALIA. DANISH FARMERS WISH TO COME OUT. Melbourne, August 13. Count Carl Waldemar Sponneck is at present on a visit to Victoria to find out what encouragement there is for agricultu- rists from Denmark to settle in the State. The visitor, in an interview on Saturday, said the amount of land available for culti- vation m Denmark was very limited, and the system of peasant proprietorship pre- vailing tended to make it increasingly diffi- cult for young farmers to secure holdings I They were ambitious, virile, and strong, but somewhat conservative and bitter when theyy had been victimised. The Danish Minister of Agriculture had had to step in to stop the exploitation of the people by American and Canadian private companies, who, by glowing promises of free land and | homesteads, coupled with flamboyant misrepresentations, had inveigled thousands of Scandinavians across the Atlantic. In the majority of instances the emigrants had been bled of fees and generally fleeced. Then they had been left stranded to battle for an existence among people whose lan- guage they did not understand. The Danish Government had no objection to emigration as such, but the Ministry took a sufficiently paternal interest in the farming commu nity to prevent their exploitation. Count Sponneck could not speak too severely of the way some of his country- men had been treated in the new world. In Denmark at the present time, especially in Jutland, he said, the eyes of would-be emigrants were being turned towards Au_ stralia. The material was at hand, and he could guarantee to bring out annually 300 Danish farmers, of whom the State would have reason to be proud. For the first two years they would work as farm labourers and then, with the capital they brought with them plus their savings, they would take up land and work it. The people he proposed to bring out understood beetroot cultivation and the processes of conversion into sugar. But dairying, poultry, and general farming would provide avenues for Danish enterprise Count Sponneck added that he had laid a proposition before Mr. H.O. Allen (chief immigration officer), who had promised to submit it to Mr Graham (Minister of Ag- riculture). Briefly, it was that he become commissioned to set out for Copenhagen an- nually and to spend one month in Den- mark, Norway, and Sweden respectively. He proposed to accompany each batch of immigrants and supervise them after their arrival here until they were all placed in situations. The men would follow from Scandinavia, for they knew him and also that anything he lent his name to would be bona fide. He did not desire to work as an agent, but as the representative of the Victorian Government furnished with full credentials bearing the impress of the Government. The cost, he concluded, would be extremely moderate. THOUSAND IMMIGRANTS AIIRIVE. Fremantle, August 13. The steamer Rangatira sailed for Sydney direct early on Saturday morning She Innded 266 immigrants here, and has 735 for New South Wales The immigrants are a particularly fine lot, and the officers of the Kingatira all speak very highly of the manner in which they conducted them- selves during the voyage. It is understood that arrangements have been made for a New South Wales immigration officer to board the steamer off Cape Otway, in or- der to a'low him ample time to make ar- rangements for landing such a large con- tingent. 