DEATH OF MR. JACOB COHN. A VETERAN BENDIGONIAN. A LONG AND ACTIVE CAREER. It will be learnt with general regret that Mr. Jacob Cohn, J.P., died at his residence, "Horsens," Barkly Place, at 1.45 yesterday afternoon. For years it has been the custom of Mr. and Mrs. Cohn to spend the summer at Brighton. While there three years ago he had a very bad illness, which, for some time caused great anxiety to a large circle of friends. He returned to Bendigo and by his remarkable strength and vitality he made an almost complete recovery. He enjoyed good health until a few months ago when his old malady - kidney trouble \- again became evident. He was, how- ever, able to get about, until a fortnight ago, when he was confined to his bed. Drs. H. A. Deravin and C. Dyring (his son- in-law) attended him, the latter not leav- ing the house for the fortnight. Despite all their care he died as stated. The deceased was one of the most prominent of the old pio- neers of Bendigo. He came from the vil- lage of Horsens, in Denmark, where he was born in 1830. After his education was completed he entered the engineering works of his uncle at Horsens. In 1853, when he was twenty-three years of age, the gold discoveries of Australia having been noised abroad throughout the world he determined on trying his luck in the distant land. Before leaving he pic- tured Australia as a country inhabited by the wildest of strange men, where, how- ever, was untold riches waiting for the picking up. With three brothers (the late Messrs. Moritz, Julius and Henry Cohn) he sailed on the ship Antelope. He arrived in Bendigo in August, 1853, and in the same month he and his brothers opened a general provision store, known as the Continental, on the main road. The environment of Bendigo at the time was principally bush and myriad-yawning holes. The society was rough but exceedingly ready. A little later Mr. Cohn, with a partner, had built for him the original Criterion Hotel. Its remodelled suc- cessor still stands out prominently on the same spot in Market Square. He con- ducted the hotel and had opportunities of noting the peculiarities of the diggers of those days. He had many interesting stories of those times, and the various people he met. The Criterion was then the leading hotel in the district, and the Governor, Sir Charles Hotham, with Lady Hotham, when they made their first visit to the Bendigo goldfield in May, 1854, stayed there for three days, and Mr. Cohn did his part in escorting the vice-regal visitors to the intensely in- teresting places on the diggings, which were then literally humming with the diggings excitements. After twelve months Mr. Cohn relinquished hotel- keeping, and in 1856, in partnership with his two brothers, started a brewery in Bridge street. While the building was going up and the plant being put in he had a trip home to Denmark. Before leaving on his return to Australia he mar- ried Miss Rosa Levy. The marriage was celebrated in 1858 at Horsens by the rabbi of the northern portion of Denmark, Rabbi Block, assisted by Rabbi Levy, the bride's father. The brewery was opened in 1857 and Mr. Cohn and his brothers continued to conduct it until in the course of years it was taken over in 1887 by a limited liability company. When the company was formed Mr. Cohn became managing director, and his son, Mr. Magnus Cohn, general manager. During those early years Mr. Cohn took a deep interest in all local affairs, and was present at many meetings of his- torical importance. In 1863 he entered the Sandhurst Borough Council, and was a member for three years. The varied objects of the Hospital. Benevolent Asy- lum and Mechanics' Institute won his sincere support, and he did what he could in furthering their interests. He was a member of the committees of the three institutions, and apart from them was zealous in charitable efforts. He con- tinued to confine his attention wholly to his business and to philanthropic institu- tions until 1887, when he again entered the council, but now the borough had risen to the dignity of a city. Twelve months after his election he became mayor and held the office for two years. In 1890 he retired from the council. Al- together he made three trips to Europe since first coming to Bendigo, and on the last occasion was so impressed with the benefit that encouragement of art gives to his own countrymen that on his return he warmly espoused the cause of the Bendigo Art Gallery. This institu- tion was practically established in 1886, when Mr. Cohn, at the Mechanics' In- stitute, exhibited some engravings from the celebrated Dresden Art Gallery. The engravings were by Mr. Cohn's good of- fices, donated to the citizens of Bendigo by the Dresden authorities, and thus be- came the nuclei of the Bendigo Art Gallery. He worked assiduously in its interests, and during his occupancy of the mayoral chair Lord Hopetoun came to Bendigo and formally opened it on the present site. Mr. Cohn was the president, a position he held for about 18 years. He was instrumental in having "Forgiven'' placed in the gallery. The last visit to Denmark, was made about 18 years ago and it was made with his wife and youngest daughter. He was then presented by the King of Denmark with a commemoration medal for services in the Schleswig-Holstein war between Denmark and Prussia in the forties. While in Denmark the last time he was also knighted by the King at the request of the Danish Society in Melbourne for services he had rendered to his country- men in Australia. He was made Knight of Dannebrog, the high distinction which was also conferred on the late King Ed- ward. He came out to Australia twelve months later, bringing with him a large amount of data from the Danish Agricul- tural Department, which he presented to the Bent Government. The correspondence was much in evidence when that Govern- ment was drawing up their immigration scheme and other Acts. He was on the committee of the School of Mines until four years ago, and en- courage as much as possible the laudable efforts of that body. About thirty years ago he was gazetted a justice of the peace. Being an old Freemason, he was a past- master of the Golden and Corinthian lodge. Bendigo was made and the dis- trict civilised, so to speak within the period covered by his residence here. When he returned to Bendigo after his marriage he made his home in Barkly Place, calling the house "Horsens." At the time friends laughed at him for build- ing a house "out in the bush." To-day, and for a long time past it has been a thickly populated centre. His death will be regretted by a very large circle. He leaves a widow and family of five daughters and one son. The family are Mrs. N. Howell, of the Union Bank, Ben- digo; Mrs. Levy (a widow); Mr. Magnus Cohn; Mrs. W. S. Calvert, wife of the well known engraver of Melbourne; Mrs. H. W. Sagar, wife of the general manager of the New Zealand Insurance Company in Brisbane, and Mrs. C. Dyring, wife of Dr. Dyring, of Coburg. The funeral will be a private one, leav- ing at 3 o'clock to-day. At last night's meeting of the Admini- strative Council of the School of Mines, Mr. W. Beebe referred with regret to the death of Mr. Jacob Cohn, who, after be- ing a member of the council for many years retired in 1902. A letter of sym- pathy will be sent to Mrs. Cohn by the council. 