THE VICTORIAN ELECTIONS. MR. PRENDERGAST AT NORTH MELBOURNE. ? LABOR POLICY EXPLAINED. OF THE MURRAY-WATT GOVERNMENT UNDER REVIEW. PROGRESSIVE PROGRAMME FOR THE ELECTIONS. 1 f \\\t the Town Hall; '^orth Melbourne, on . November , 2, Mr.- . 'G. M. Prendergast, : leader of. -'; the - .-Victorian State Labor Party, delivered the^pollcy of the Oppos'i i tion for the; general . 'elections -which take f place on November ''16. ~ The chair was occupied by Mr. H.-Purkiss, and there : ^as a large attendance, including- the ! prime Minister of the Commonwealth, Mr. Andrew Fislicr, and Messrs. Solly, Elmslie, Hannah, J. W. Billson, Warde, Plain, Lemmon, Ms.L.A., Messrs.' Evans, McLellan, and ; Jones,1 .Ms.L.C.7 Messrs. Mead (selected Labor ? candidate for St., Ivilda), H. Duke (selected Labor candi date for : Tooralc), and S. Reynolds (selected Labor candidate for. Walhalla). In the course of his address, Mr. Pren dergast said: — - '' . INTRODUCTION. ? ' It is now seven teen, years 'since, in 1894, I took my seat as a member for this 'district, . arid 'with the exception of three years,, have had possession ever since. iWhen the Labor movement started in 1891' there was not one pledged Labor man in any Parliament in Australia. To- day the figures stand as: — '? Representatives. — Senate. '. .Commonwealth v. Totaiy-7(K....: Labor 42 Total 36 Labor 23 — Labor in power Legislative Assembly. , ? Legislative Council. ,: : jf.s.W. ....... -.Total 90; Labor 46'.'- Total 54 ... Labor 4— Labor in power (Victoria. . Total.65 . . Labor 21 Total- 34 .. Labor 3— Tories in power (Queensland ...V Total 72 .. Labor 29 '' Total 44 Labor 4— Tories iri power ','v South Australia Total -42 . . Labor 22 Total 18 .. Labor 3 — Labor in power f iWest Australia , Total 50 . . Labor 34 . Total 80 .. Labor 3— -Labor in power i: Tasmania .... ...Total 30 . . Labor 11 Total 18.. Labor nil— Tories in power Total, 424 , . Labor 205 ; . Total 234 ... Labor 40 Commonwealth and Assemblies. Senate and Legislative Councils. ' ? /Tories ? ? 219 ' Labor ..................... . 40 'Labor - ..... .V. .i 205 Tories ? ? ? 194 { Total 424 Total ? ? 234 :.c This marvellous result in twenty years, With a' powerful Press against us, is . due to the experience w6':';iiav&'o.btained of the' political parties iri this State.-: For many years 'other p'arties haVie'!-prpmised us d.11;, , .we have asked for. ^u't' -vvliile' their tori gues have offered, th^^^pd^ha^afith held, and we have ncsver iheen^a-ble to ob- 1 tf (tain in enactment what we, have been ap-. if pealing l'or at election 1 : .. For ttilsi j reason, and the fact';t-hat' the weapon ;'pf.j strike was the only -'means, we^had ;pf calling- attention . to our 'deft^nds,: or a's-- eertiiin; .our rights, .we, vyer© coriipelled to . -{ drop the old ' theoi-y ' of using Trades'' (Unions' '6nly for industrial purposes, and r- ili ad to resort to organisation for effective i political warfare as well. In the past : .there, was nevei\ an appeal made in the,, siame of TradesV .Uniohism but what was - answcired by tlie sweari'ng- in of special ; constables ;:arid:;-; Jthe ' calling ; out of the military. That is all -dead-- and done with, only because the Labor Party has. become a political force, which will; I hope, for ever make armed coercion in Industrial reform impossible. ONLY TW0 PARTIES. . ! There are now only itwo political par ties — the 'Conservative'. Party and - the Labor Party. No place exists for any party between these. ,twp, simply because the J.ubor Party cannot compromise in its principles, and- the Conservatives can see nothing except the selfish interests of property, ' The Labor Party stands for .the people'. It is the real' people's party, ?just as it is the real national / party. Cliques who use these names only cloak ?themselves in a childish endeavor . to .de ceive tiie electors. I am here to-night, .at the. earliest opportunity ; after the. Pre mier's ^announcement; of., .policy, to _ give you some account of -the Murray^Watt, performances and hon-performances in the last Parliament, and also to put before you, as fully as time will permit, the Labor Party's pbiicy.V'' ?' - '- I : ' '? A SERIES OF/BLUNDERS. In administration; the Murray Ministry Iiave simply been' blunderers. , The bungle over the dissolution of Parliament r was. the last of. a long series, which fol lowed upon such similar , blunders as the unconstitutional procedure in introduc ing the closure. It was only the action of the Labor Party which prevented this attempted breach of the Constitution from taking- place.'. Everi then the. closure, .was brought in -under false pretences, as It was proposed to be used to pass Bills which the Goverririijent; never even intro duced last session/ such, as the Sunday Entertainments Bill and the Police Offences Amendment Bill. RUSHING THE ELECTIONS. . Fortv or fifty measures were sacrificed In order that the Government might make a party machine of the general elections, and hold the election three months before the expiry, of Parliament by effluxion of ? ?time. Amongst these measures were'stlie ^Workers' .. Compensation Bill, Harbor , Trust Bill, Standing Orders Amendment, Hospitals and Charities Bill, Apprentice fehip Bill, Wontha^gl Land Bill, Municip&l; (Rating Bill, Footwear Manufacture and Sale Bill, Closer Settlement Amendment . (Bill, Wages Boards, and eighteen or twenty private measures, amongst which was the Alderman Abolition Bill, for .which I was promised Government time, but never received it. Most of the private measures were of great importance. The iWonthaggi Land Bill was brought for ward with the apparent object of being pushed through the House. But in this matter, as in many others, the Govern srieat mistx'usted its own policy, and we (would not be at all surprised if it turned around to the Labor views and against {the principles embodied in this measure. One of the most serious offences that can liS- committed against tlie community. as 4 involved in the Ministry's action in sup pressing the .Estimates, so that they might go to the country three 'months before Parliament erided. by effluxion' 'of time. No Government can' be considered to have rendered an 'account of hs stew ardship until it lias had the Estimates discussed. SUPPRESSING THE ESTIMATES. The Labor Partj^ had given the Mini , stx*y' notice that it intended to move amendments in the estimates to expose maladministration in various . depart-' rrients, and to increase the wages of workmen 'and place the service upon a more satisfactory basis. There does not seem to be much doubt but that this was one of the reasons which caused the Go vernment to abruptly, dissolve Parlia ment and rush . to the country. In 190S tlie Government and its supporters were satisfied to 'dish' the late Sir Thomas Bent by. having the general elections in December. But this year the end of No vember was hardly early enough. At the close of the session Mr. Murray' stated that — ? ? ' 'The Opposition' (the Labor Party) lias prevented us from- carrying out many P.f our prornises.' This is amusing, when we consider that, almost at the very moment when lie uttered these words his friends of the Legislative Council, who belong to the same political organization as he does himself,- were slaughtering a measure for the expenditure of £S4,000 upon the erection of Government Cool Stores, and £30,000 for State Shipbuilding Yards. LOBBY INFLUENCES. ; Members of the Meat Ring,, and City Council influence, all Conservative forces again of the tsawe political organization as the Premier himself — rwere seen iri the galleries and lobbies endeavoring- to bring this about. To use the words of the Pre mier, the Legislative Council ; Chamber reeked with the smell of tallow and but ter, ancl ' it was simply disgraceful.' T^his:; Government professes to be a coun try Government., But what has it ever done for the country workers? It- has done practically nothing. It lias bowed to the dictation of the most Con servative members of its following. Ministers arid members belong to - lie same political organisation, and very often the tail has wagged the dog. This was so in the Workers' Compensation Bill and the Country Wages Boards. The very members who will go hand in glove with Ministers iri this election were the ones who opposed and blocked the \'J oven - ment's own proposals. C A LLO U S ABANDONMENT OF \- . ' '- MEASURES. '?' . These, are the members, THEIR OWN SUPPORTERS, who should h^ve been taunted by the Premier with preventing the Government from carrying out its promises, some of whiclv it 'abandoned with a callousness which only a fear of defeat and loss of office could have prompted. In 1910 the members of' the same political party as the Government in tlie Legislative Council defeated the pro posed expenditure upon cool 'stores, and then the Government breathed threats against their political friends, and assured the farmers that the stores could and would be constructed/ as they had a means by which they could circuiiiverit the Legis lative Council— nothing, then, was done, as nothing was intende'd to be done. The same thing happened in 1911. If the Esti mates had been gone on with, tlie £S4,000 proposed to be provided for cool stores could have been placed amongst the items, and the Government's ' ; object achieved, had they been sincere. But ap parently the last thing the Government desired was* to take this good proposal put of the shop window. In the whole of this MS. G. M. PRENDERGAST, \ . - ? - Leader of the Victorian State Labor Party. rushing forward of the elections, we are reminded of the ' Argus ' stat^njient of the 19th October, when it declared that — ' The Labor Party, in a word, uses its -legislative- powers in attempts to in jure its . opponents— Parliament is de graded into a mere party machine.' This is eyer so much truer of the Murray Ministry than it was ever a correct state- v ment to level against the Labor Party in the Federal or any other Parliament, THE GOVERNMENT AND TH't LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. - '? The relationship between the Govern ment and the Legislative Council reminds me of the man who told a. thrilling story of how his money had been stolen . the night before.. He said: .: 'I saw the thief, and had- my hand on my revolver, but I did not shoot.' 'Why didn't- you?' asked a -friend., ' ' Well, . because if I: had* I would have, been a widower this morning ! ' The Government . spoke valiantly ? about bringing the. Council to book -when its Electoral Bill was prominent, but now ?' that it wants its weight and influence in the elections, it would rather lose all self- J respect, arid be robbed, ? than shoot ' so near, and dear an associate and partner in Conservatism. L THE CIVIL SERVICE.- - The Murray Government' 'are the :riatu*» ral successors pf the' Irvine : Government, which robbed the railway men -of their rights in the year 1903. Only '.ib escape defeat have ' they griidgingly '' restored some of those rights in 1911— this year. It was not because the. men|s. claijn^ w'ere recognised, but because the Government, iri spite of their ' policy of 'plunder and blunder, were forced to do 'a proper thing. That lias been the story of their wliola career.' They ha^re been forced to do 'good things, and prevented from doing bad things by the presence of Lalior in poli tics. They would' have been ' beaten a dozen times had they not ciimbed'. 'down in tlie riiclc of time. , ADMINISTRATION. Had it not been , for the efforts of th# Labor Party, the Ra-ilway' Service, the' Police, the Teachers, arid Public Servants generally would, not have got bare justice iri many cases. As it is, they are very far short of being .properly treated. . By constant effort the Labor Party forced the Government to give a minimum wage of £100 to public servants over 21 years of age. Even that is only on paper in respect to a large number of cases. In the. Commonwealth service the minimum wage' is £llb. , It '.was the 'Labor Party Avhich ; bpnipplled the ' Government to do something lor. the Teachers. Even then the concessions granted were mean and j totally insufficient.. Time after time the Labor Party has brought forward tha grievances of . State employees' arid ex .posed departmental scandals. What we , say, is that the conditions of tl)e Public ' Service should be unifoi-m in the State , .and , Commonwealth. ' Both .services are , paid for by . the same .people, and . .thejr should not be different. , . THE PUBLIC SERVICE. The State Public -Service' of Victoria Is as good as that' of the. Coriamonweajtli, and it should be just as well 'treated. Why slioufd the State Public Servants' not have the same hours of duty as the . Commonwealth Public Servants? 'Tllero are .numerous other anomalies; The' Go vcrnme'nt pretended to deal with anoma lies by appointing a 7 .'''Reclassification . \- Board. But so far ' this lias only .been a \- farce, , and fresh _ anomalies are .. being created ; every day. There are several other things . which lthe;;Gp.veVrimeiit has never attempted . to explain, simply be cause - they could not explain' tlierii.. ' What about ~ .Sergeant * McKenria's -promotion? Tlie Actjng Chief Secretary promoted him over, tii'e heads of.' many. , others, because he, 'wanted to please his' riiiriing friends. When challenged, lie promised : a' - Police Promotions Board, ^and agreed to refer this case, to the' Board. That was months ago, but no Board lias yet been appointed. It 'was the.;prf.rty^suppprting this . Opyern riient, which' ^abolished .police .pensions, and made the^ police force so priorfy.- con- ditioned that men will neither join ^ it nor stay in it. -? ? ? ?' ? - . DISORGANIZATION. The -Penal Department is also dis organized. Tlie Government lias been too mean to provide money for tlie pro pVrJl!trealme'nt'''even; of 'itsii prisoners. At Pehti-idge .tlie'r'e is seetlifng dissatisfac tion, a.ncl another, iritiriify is necessary, -JTliere t is ' no head,.- t'd' . -tlie department. ' Years ago ' '..the position of Inspector General became^ vacant, and it lias'- never since been filled. An officer lias'; acted as stop-gap,, arid lias constantly been asking to be relieved of the work. Bui the* Goverrimerit, 'in- its desire to save a few poiinds, has taken no notice of his requests. There is not -a ''single' depart ment free from scandalous maladministra tion. Ministers have been muddlers in everything they -have touched, and firm measures of reform are necessary to clear the mess which they have niade^. The Public Service is discoritented arid dis organized. , The Murray Government has treated__public servants like public serfs. ; COST OF LIVING. What has the Murray. Ministry done in regard to hardships of the people? Tho cost of living has gone up — 16s. 8d. in 1904 'purchasing as much as 21s. will do jio'iv. ' Provisions are dearer, rent la higher- But nothing has been done to check the greed of landlords and monopo lists. Why. is there not a Fair Rent Court? Why does, the Government not 'standardise the prices of provisions arid stop distribution when the standard is not maintained? But you need not expect any such measures from such a Ministry as--this. The Murray crowd have never Scared a snap of the fingers for the in* ferests of the people. They stand for money and property all the time. RAILWAYS PALTER WITH PROTECTION. Surely the meanest kind of an allegreA loyalist- is. .the man who is disloyal to his own* country. ' The Government has proved this in- its railway engine trans , 'Ccntiucd- on ' Page 13.) \- ' I ' VICTORIAN 'ELECTIONS' (Continued from Page 11.) * actions. If we examine figures relating to the construction of engines in Newport Workshops, we find that the saving upon ; the construction of engines in these shops, as compared with tho Phoenix Foundry j Company of Ballarat, was: — I 1st ten engines.. ? ? £1^,390 . 2nd ten engines ?? ? ? '. IS, 550 3rd ten engines. . . 20,460 ' 4th thirteen engines ? 26,026 Total saving- ....... £ SO, 426 , - The Phoenix Foundry afterwards amended their tenders, but even their reduced tenders wouid have meant a saving of. £ 58,754 on the forty-three engines, IMPORTED ENGINES. But what- did the Government do? V It showed its loyalty to our own State by order ing-^early thl3 year — forty loco motives — twenty from tho Beyer- Peacock Company, of Manchester, and twenty- from Messrs- Baldwin and Company, of Phila delphia. These are now being constructed at a cost of at least £70,000 more- than they could have been made for at the t Government Workshops at Newport. When the Government first projected sending abroad for tenders for these loco motives, tlie Labor Party, assisted by the Trades Hall Council and the Iron Trades' Council, waited as a deputation upon Mr. Watt, and appealed to him not - to send away work from our own people. He 'said it was a question of time. The engines were wanted, and the Newport Workshops were not sufficiently manned to permit of the work being done in the time. The Iron Trades immediately stated that, if the scarcity of men could be proved, they would guarantee to land the required number of fully qualified men within six woo':.5 or two months. This was not good enough in the eyes of the alleged patriot and protectionist, representing the Murray Government, who per'siisted in his policy r of sending out of Australia for engines for use on our own railways. For the £70,000 thus thrown Into ' the laps of ; manufacturers across the sea, 450 journey men could have been employed for a year at a:i average of £3 per week, or, includ ing their dependents, 2250 men, women, and children would have been provided ; for. The Murray Government, in our pro j tectionist State of Victoria, has preferred to provide for this number of people in | other parts of tlie-world- It must be well I understood - that the material which is [ placed into the locomotives in the New ! port Workshops is probably iequal to the best used anywhere^ elsei); ^ BAD MATERIAL! lisi'lTHE LOCO MOTIVES; But let us -see how we'.,arie progressing in respect of the tenders placed with the Baldwin Locomotive Company in America! The following are extracts from reports received fro.m. Messrs. -Coates ..and;:/Coi'n- .. : pany, consulting' engineers, who are act inn- in London for 'the Railway Depart r meat:—- .. . . .. i ' London, August 11, 1911. ' We beg to report that we are hav ing considerable trouble with Baldwin's ! people. We enclose inspector's report, dated the 1st August, on the position of the locomotives up to that date, by which you will see that the engines, instead of being ready for delivery in the thitreen weeks from date of order, are barely started. 'On the.8.th of- August the inspector wrote: — ' 'I regret to report that, since I wrote you last — on the 1st August — very little real progress has been made with the twenty locomotives, -largely owing to tlie »' continual rejection of the material we had to make.' 'When offers were received in April last, Baldwin's anticipated commencing delivery at port of shipment about the middle of September. Contract is for delivery on the 19th February, 1912, of .the twenty locomotives.' And the correspondence further shows that one inspector was not sufficient. Two had to be appointed to prevent the persis tent endeavors of this company to use in ferior material and inferior labor. Only a few weeks ago 'the Baldwin Company claimed exemption from their time cove nant, in order to permit them to fight the white labor of Philadelphia by the em ployment of inferior strikebreaking scab labor, which, as the correspondence' says, was mostly imported from the slums of Europe. ? AXLE CONTRACT. Again we have an illustration of this Government's pretended' protection, as shown by a deal in axles. This Govern-, ment ordered '2000 axles and wheels from Knipp, in Germany, at a cost of about £20 each. The result was that, when the axles arrived in this country, they could not be made to fit our rails and rolling stock without an expenditure of money which would almost 'have made the same number of axles from the blooms. There was no reason why these axles should not have been made here, as there could not have been njore than ten shillings extra cost per set, while the money would have been spent in the country and amongst our own people. Surely we could have no fnore glaring examples of ineptitude than these! FARMERS' REQUIREMENTS. . The Labor Party is accused of being wildly socialistic, because of its desire to see that rings, trusts, and combines, with their greed for inorclinate profits, are not allowed to delve their hands into the pockets of the primary producers and the consumers of the community. We find in the report of the Federal Royal Com mission upon Harvesters and Drills, in 1909;- that Mr. Smith, of the Newport Workshops, was asked by the Commission to inquire into the cost of construction and material of these implements, and the report gives his figures as follows: — Sunshine Harvester: £45 under the Arbitration Court's award, and £42 15s. lid. under the Agricultural Implement Wages Board award. The Mitchell Drill: £20 4s. under the Court's award, and £19 3s. lid. under the Wages Board award. Harvesters are sold to the farmers in i the community to-day at from £70 to £90, and drills at from £30 to £40. If we estimate the overcharge on harvesters at from £20 to £30, we find that, upon S701 harvesters used in Victoria, the sur plus profit amounts from £174,0G0 to i £261,030. Oil drills, the surplus profit, (say, at £14 a drill) would equal, on 17,111 drills in use, £239,554. Of arti ficial manures, 65,000' tons were used in j this State last year. In the '' Geelong Advertiser ' of the 5th of May of this year Mr. Rhind, .of -the People's Party; said, in moving a vote of thanks to Co operator Bourke: — 'They are trying- to break up the ring in the manure business, for in the past the farmers had been defied.' \- The saving should be £-1 a ton, or £65,000 a year. ? ' I BINDER TWINE. Three firms are in the binder twine business. Their price Usts are identical for similar qualities. That is, to say tho least of it, remarkable, and it can easily be deduced from this that they are not selling at the lowest possible price. These amounts total: — „ Harvesters ? ? £ 261,030 Drills ? ? ? ? ? ? 239,554 Manures ? t. ? ? 65,000 Twine, cornsacks (say) ... 100,000 Overcharge on locomotives. J 70,000 £735,584 This is a tidy little sum taken out of the primary producers' to go into the pockets of a few manufacturers, who pose as the- farmers' friends, and who give them in return a small annual donation so that they (the farmers) . may keep alive the People's Party in. their districts in order to prevent the Labor Party coming into power to cut short the reign ar 1 raid of monopoly, to increase the farmers' profits, and to improve the condition of the rural workers. COLB1NABBIN . RAILWAY AND WAGES. There was a clause in the Rushworth to Colbinabbin Railway Construction Bill which stated — 'The prices to be paid to workmen, in the construction of the line shall.' upon the average, be' equal to eight shillings per day of eight hours.' Mr. Solly moved that nine sliillings be substituted for eight shillings, because of the fact that 'on the average ' meant Mr. G STANLEY, Labor Candidate for Benalla, V. that a great many men do not average; eight shillings, nor even seven shillings, while at work, and have much broken time because of bad weather and other reasons;- The bulk of the men have in. addition, to keep two homes while in this form of employment. This humane and just proposition was the cause of the Government withdrawing the Bill, in orde/ to prevent a vote being taken. The Go vernment .had the necessary majority' to carry the Bill without the amendment, but would not, immediately prior to an i election, risk opposing ihe proposition. The | party that' would not risk an exposure before an election would not be so par ticular immediately after an election. No doubt the Government will say that the money could not be provided, but this Bill was in precisely the same position as previous Bills wherein extra provision had to be made for increased Wages forced in by the House. Yet, while the Victorian Government holds back a Bill in prefer ence to paying fair wages, what do we find other Governments doing? The minimum wage of nine shillings exists in the Commonwealth, in New South Wales, and is proposed in tho West. Almost on the very day that the Government held back this Rushworth- Colbinabbin Rail way Construction Bill, the southern por tion of the metropolis' had agreed with the Labor Party that the minimum wage in construction should be nine shillings per day. This is consistent with the attitude of the Government whenever the ques tion of wages has arisen. FACTORIES' LEGISLATION. Factories' legislation has, since it^' in ception, seventeen or eighteen years ago, been one long struggle by the Labor Party for the purpose of extending the Wages Board system to every industrial pursuit. In Parliament, and on the plat form, we, and our Labor comrades out side, have had to fight for every extra Board. Opposition has been persistent. Even when it has. been broken down, ob stacles, such as the Country Wages Board system, and threatening and obstructive administration have been used to thwart the.jDroper operations. of the ^.ct. The restrictive conditions embodied in the Country Wages Board system were forced into it by the Government and its fused Liberal and Tory supporters. The sole object was to keep country wages on a different and lower standard than those paid in the city. It was years before even a moderate application of factories' leg islation could be got extended to the j country.- And even now, those 'who. during the Referendum campaign, boasted of their ; 'affection'', for ?' the : 'workers and promised' j Wages Boards galore, are ready to vote, at any time, to circumscribe the benefi cial effects of the Boards. Take, for in stance, the exclusion ot' Building Society, Trustee Companies', and Legal, Insurance and Bank clerks from the Commercial Clerks' Wages Board, and the exclusion | of butter factory employees from the j Rural Workers' Board. QUESTIONS OF ADMINISTRAT ION. As an example of obstructive and threatening administration. I cannot do better 'than read the following letter written by the Chief Inspector of Fac tories at the dictation of the Minister, conveying the Government policy: — . . 'Melbourne, October 13, 1911. 'Sir, — I' have the honor, by direction of tho Minister of Labor, to refer the (ITay, Chaff, Wood, and Coal) Deter Mr. J. R. JEWELL, Labor Candidate for Brunswick, V. mination back to the Board, with a re quest that they will take into considera tion the question of amending it so that, where more than one shift has to be worked in the trade, more particularly 'with regard to compressed fodder fac tories, extra shift or shifts be . not ?treated as overtime, as in' the present Determination, but that special provi sion be made ifor -payment, for work done on the-extra shifts not as overtime. ' The Minister asks the B.oard to do this, as it has been pointed out to him that, in certain compressed fodder fac tories, the overtime rates fixed by this Board work in. such a way as to be un fair to the owners. ' 'In the meantime it is the Minister's intention to extend the operation of your Determination so as to cover the whole of Victoria. ' . ' If your board can see its way to so amend the Determination -as to make 'the rates fair all round, lie will proceed no further, but, if not, he will then con sider the question of appointing a country board. — I have the honor to be, etc., (Signed) ' H. M. MURPHY; ? ' Chief Inspector of Factories.' This letter was addressed to the chair man of the hay, chaff, . wood and coal board. .. - A letter like this speaks for itself, and needs no further comment. GENERAL INSURANCE. '? We propose to deal' generallj' in insur ance business, and when we' examine the amount of money which has been paid Mr. K. J. TAFFE', Labor Candidate for Daihousie, V. into companies for insurance, other than life, in this - State, we see a total of ? ? ? ? ? £851,949 Paid out as losses ? 353,348 Surplus over losses ........ £498,60JL -Of this balance, £340,000 goes to ex-' pense of management, and the bulk of the other is spoil. ? -This shows that out of every £ S paid by the public for insurance they approximately get only £ 3 back. Some years ago the municipalities held an inquiry into the cost of fire insurance and fidelity insurances for all municipal offices and officers .in the State.. The re sult was startling, iftasmueh as it showed that the return for a-. period of ten years gave, in round numbers, £12,000 as the amount paid for fire insurance on pre mises, and £2000 as the amount received back .for losses. In fidelity the sum of £10,000 was paid in premiums, and about £ 1S00 received back. The municipalities now do their fidelity - insurance themselves, and last year, I am told, £1000 was paid in premiums and only £15 paid out. This gives some small sign of what tiie State could do. It would almost seem a pity to disturb^ this com fortable, fat monopoly, ancl^certainly the Tory parties of this State 'wili not disturb it; but the Labor Party is no respecter of rings and monopolies in any form of busi ness. As far as life insurance is con cerned,- certainly tl:e New Zealand system of opening up business for life policies will give people an opportunity of hav-ing the best security at the cheapest rates of payment. - ' SAVINGS BANK. The Government Savings Bank to-day is run in the interests of private banks; What happens is this: You can deposit £100 and receive 3V£ iier cent, interest, and from £100 up to £250 you get' 3 per cent. But from £250 to £.1000 yo\i get no interest, while the Savings Ba!nk Commissioners will not permit you to de posit more than £1000. What is the con sequence? Why, this money is dri%-en into the private banks, from which the Go vernment borrows and pays interest for the loan of it. This state of things only exists to-day because of the past power of the Tories, who are now supporting the Murray Government. WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION BILL. This measure has had a troublesome passage up to the present. It has been launched In four Parliaments. In tho last two Parliaments it has had. the misfor tune to be in the hands of Governments who, with supporters, have taken it out for an airing, and then promptly wrecked it upon the rocks of obscurity. The late Sir Thomas Bent, with Messrs. Mackinnon and Mackey, were responsible for its ap pearance in July, 1908, when it took up sufficient, time to bo carried into the schedules, when it was again hung up, on September 24, 1908, although there was a Period of about nine weeks before the dissolution in which it could have boon dealt with. ^ The Murray; Government brought in tlio measure on July 12, 1911. It was read a second time on July lo. The Labor Party, although 'ft he measure was far from complete, allowed the second reading to go without discussion on July 25, in order to facilitate'*, its passage through tho House. It subsequently ap peared before the Tiouse on July 26 for about five htfurs, on August 16 for about 1M: hours, on October 5 for about two hours — a total of about 12 or 13 hours, the greater, portion of this time being devoted Mr. JOHN LEMMOIy Labor Candidate for Williamstown, V. to attacks that were made upon the Bill by the Government's own supporters. MR. MACKEY'S CIRCULAR. . One important feature was the fact tha,t Mr. Mackey sent out a circular' against the Bill. In 1908, Mr. Mackey was a member of the Bent Ministry., Tyliich in troduced an almost identical , Bill. He must have known, while sitting- in silence, in the year 1908 the evils- which he al leged to exist in 1911, because the Bills were almost identical. He was a Minister in 1908, and te private member in 1911. As a Minister in 1908, he must have been, be- traying the farmers, or is it that in 1911 he is deluding them? V ? The Bill, even with Labor amendments, will be practically a copy of the English Bill of 1906, -which was good enough for' the House of Lords. It is the same Bill that the farmers of New Zealand work under, the same Bill that the farifters of. Western Canada work under; the same Bill is practically in force in the States of Queensland, South Australia, N.S.W., Tasmania, and West Australia. Victoria is lagging behind, not. only the Common wealth, but the Whole European world. The Danish farmer has an Act like this; so has the Dutch farmer; so has the farmer in many American States. As a matter of fact, all these farmers insure against liability. I think Mr. Mackey, when he was a member of the Govern Ment, mi glit have proposed Government insurance to enable employers to insure with the Government and the Labor Party thinks that Government insurance could be provided so that the .minimum. of expense would cover tlie whole risks. It seems now that this insurance could be don^ by the State for about 10s., of % per cent. THE POSITION OF THE FARMER.. Thus the farmer would 'not be burdened by charges, and the workers' savings, and his wife and children, would not be bur dened by the result of accident. After the circular had appeared, the Govern ment, instead of courageously defending their proposals^— injmediateiy adopted an amendment exempting farm workers from protection under the Bill, and this, too, after saying that they would not permit of any further amendments in the Bill. It was kept sufficiently long dangling ;before the country to buoy up the hopes of the workers, and again the hope is de : ferred. ' Sooner or later,' the ' Sooner or later ' Government will give you a patchwork Compensation Bill, which will be a good thing for lawyers, and courts, | and of not much consequence to ' the X . workers of the community, and will, like factory legislation, be a mass of;affirma- I .'tions and contradictions, to bo unravelled i at great expense and much waste of time, ! -while the workers' interests may Le de pended upon to be buried in -hazy techni calities. It is an outrageous statement for anybody to say -that this measure - was lost through the tactics of the Labor Party. It was lost because the Govern ment wanted to leave, rural-' workers out of the Bill's scope. P was_ the Govern ment's OWN supporters who blocked the passage of the Bill. All the' same, if the. Bill had gone through in the shape pro posed by the Government, it would lmvo been the worst measure of its kind in the world. But tho Government never meant it to go through in any shape. It was only another one of its numerous shams. The Government was never sincere in any of its important measures. Look at the ] Apprenticeship Bill, brought forward in the last week of the Parliament, when j there was not the slightest chance' of it- \ going through!. ] LAND TAX AND GOVERNMENT ' WOBBLING. - i Our time von a portion of every veaV I ha& been devoted to land taxation pro blems. We have seen the proposal of Mr. Watt when lie introduced the Land Bill, advocating £500 exemption for the farmer and £300 exemption for the urban holder of land. He- proclaimed his pollcy upolx the question by saying in 1910 (page. 2461 of 'Hansard'): — ^ * ' Coming to the- rating straight away, by reference to the schedule, it, will be jseen that the tax is %d. in the £1 (it is now %cT) throughout, the taxable value on agricultural land starting - at' £501, and on other lands at £301. It may be asked why we differentiate between agri cultural and other lands. 'I want to- give the House three reasons, which will commend themselves to most honorable members. 'If we gave an all round exemption of £500, we should not' receive the required revenue without increasing the rate. ' Secondly, if we ? lowered the exemp tion on agricultural lands, it would be pressing too heavily on the man who is ' struggling to make a success of produc tion on liis small holding. 'Thirdly, the. £500 uniraproVed value j for agricultural lands is equivalent to £300 unimproved value for residential or ; business sites. ' I want 7110 w - to explain, how. ..it is cq u'i valerit, because upon this question, which is easy to explain,' there may be some', initial confusion as between town and country. ' First of all, take an urban property, the capital yalue of which is £750. Take 40 per cent, for the unimproved value, and we get £300. - ' Now take an agricultural property, tjhe capital value of which is also £750. The unimproved value of an agricultural holding is estimated at two-thirds of the capital value, or £500, so that, comparing tw.o properties of equal capital value, one in the town and one in the country, one agricultural and the other urban, each in effect' is receiving the same exemption.' But -i before. he finished dealing with this measure, and almost before the sound of liis, own voice ' had died away^in the Chamber, he reduced the whole of the exemptions -to £250: by moving (on De cember S th, .1910, 'Hansard,' page 3126): 'That the exemption (a) in the case, of any land or lands wholly agricultural, £500, or (b) in .the case of any land or lands in part agricultural, £300, or (c) in the case of land ~or lands in part agricultural and in part other than agricultural, £300, be omitted with the view of inserting £250 as the maximum ? exemption in all cases.' Those who voted for' the, £250 exemp tion were: — Argyle . Mackey Bayles- Mackinnon Bowser McBride Cameron; U. McCutcheon 'Cameron, 'J.' ' . McGregor Campbell * McKenzie Cookson - ? McLeod Cullen; ' * ? Membrey ? Cussen' -- Murray , Downward Oman Farrer Peacock Graham Robertson Gray — Stanley Holden ... ? ' Swinburne .-Hutchinson ' Thomson Langdon Watt'; ' ' Lawson .Weedon Livingstone ' ,k. (Thirty-five in all.) Those who voted for the, £ 500 exemjK tion were: — Beazley Outtrim Billson, J. Plain' Elmslie - ' Prendergast Hannah Smith Jewell . Solly ; Lemmon Toutcher - ' 'McGrath Tunnecliff® McKissock Wall McLachlan Warde (Eighteen in all.) The Government ; thus . abandoned the principle of exempting the poorer farmer from taxation, and shamelessly turned ita back upon the double exemption scheme, which the Treasurer had so deliberately proposed in the: words which I have just quoted. This did not end the matter. The Labor Party felt that the small exemp tion was unjust; also, it was necessary to expose those Government supporters who during the Referendum campaign haft the audacity to declare themselves in favor of the £500 exemption when they had actually voted against it and for the £250 exemption. PUTTING THE GOVERNMENT TO THE TEST. We put them to -the test on . Tuesday. 1 the 10th October ('Hansard,' No. 15, page 1644), when, on behalf of the party, I moved that — For section seven of the Land Tax Act, 1910, there shall be substituted the ?following section, viz.: — 7\. (1) No land tax shall be charged to any owner of any land or lands the unimproved value of which does not exceed ^ £500., .. :. . ... ^ {Continued on Page 15.) . J VICTORIAN ELECTIONS (Continued from Page 13.) (2) Where in the cash of any owner tlie assessed J unimproved value or the total assessed unimproved value of any land or lands exceeds the amount of £lo00 the exemption shall diminish at the rate of prio pound for every two pounds, of surih'Jexcess, so as to leave no ! exemption when; the unimproved value I amounts- to Or :!exceods £2500'. * ?'S The division list was:— - if - // Ayes— 19; ' ? f ? Billson, J. W. - -Outtrim [;?' Cotter . Plain . - . . £ Elm si i a . Rogeis ... _ Hampson . , Sangster r . . ' Jewell - /Smith ; .... ' Hannah ? — Solly , ; , ? - ; = ! . .Lemmon . ' * ?- - To.utcher ' , | McGrath Wall... , v ^ McKissock , Warde - . * , ' McL'achlan * :. . - - ' ? '? ?! Pairs. — Ayes: Prendergast, Turinecliffe, i Ceazley. i.--' ~ i *v - ^ Noes— 35.' - i . Argyle s - Macjcey , .-'-'.'I ; Barnes ? - - ?* Mackinnon ---. ? I J Bayles- /-? ^ ? McBride^ . . ? ? I I: ? Billson, Av . A. ^ McjGutcheon ' / ? I ? Bowser McGregor'' ' ' ? - : I - Camel-on, J.J... MeKenzio ? -. ? ? ? Campbell . : ?/?'.- :McLepdi; Cookson -/- ? , - - . Mcmbrey. , . , ... ; Cullen ?v.-.-''- ' .? Oman./,'' Downwards --Peacock . Farrer ' - - - -Robertson : . Forrest ?. Snowball . Gordon -. ; Stanley.;/ ' Graham . .. v . Swinburna Gray ' Thomson Holden Watt - Lawson % Weedor - . . s Livingston :?-????; r Pairs. — Noes: ? Murray, I-Iutchinson, E. H. Camersom . - Jl- name is not in the division list be cause I paired with the Premier at his t 'request, owing to his daughter being un ? well. ' ' - // ~ r -':'- : Now, what/makes this protended friend i ship of the. Murray party for the farmers I . more conspicuous is the fact-- that -? theiij ' oxem p tipn/^nded . is soon'' Ss the. value; -'reached £^00^' But' thfe (Labor- Party's.' ' proposal commenced with an exemption of £500, -which ,/onds .when? the valuation reaches ,£25005 - ; A//'/*---;. ; \- [[ V ' I Anyonfe?wh'c-/has/had, dily ^experterice irf the counffy^iustiiikYe^^fki^ittuck with! the urgent/' necessity- of Road policy.,' Tliis ? is.v a . licularly In Gippsland,. ha'a'for years :}iken neglected. The 'pep-pie- inv-^ra'Qte4d||tri.c^ are fairly entitled ..?tprltrfV©^pr0p6Y~c'6ni^ 1 munieation with-- the ? Tliis applies not only- to5 I vicinity of main roads, but^alS'6\':tj&;'tHraei 'living stii 1 furthe r beyond'^ -w°om'e^partS ? i ? ! thlre is no provision for. Vehiclo;ltnaffic,,ab: i ' allft Pack horses; have ptb '^':«i5^-^n*ftSfh^', i' -.conaitions of. -life,' w.hiel\ .are^hard: enouglf . already, are made harder still; and mu'ch' more expensive. The. State will have to, provide out of. the general revenue, as 'tliey- have don .in South* Australia, for 'the ; upkeep o£-.sup.h, roads. as„may; by..a...Com .nii?slon ..|of Pther\Vis&, .^e,|proc.lp.imed^ as ,maln fpgds~^o^roaas leadir\g Jtof.raiJ\yay sta'tions. ln ; addition, in o untai ti-'r oads to fouf of ihe way plaLpes miis t b e - 'p r o 'vi de'd : f o way- back se ttlers - ghap p;ll n g' Avi tlv the; .'difficulties . of,.: pione.ei' iife.; jTheyr.sliQuldi have a .chance ' 'pt' .getting . m'qr©. comfort and convenience' in their, iqnely 'surround-. ings, so tha't^fiejh .may get their- produce I to market and obtain suppiipsj with a ' . maximum of facility and at a minimum expeiisc. ;*--Su'ch'. roidSt~ih'6ifia'''^e-;^rovide.d f~ and maintained out of revenue at the ' public expehsei-^'-In-^addition - -to ,;:such- -a, road policy, a railway policy must be provided, so as to gi^/fapillties_in . sorn^ [.places for increasing/ovir4- timber- :s'to^es^ ; and in other places^ 'to 'facilitate settlement' ; 'under the -most- favorable- conditions. *; . f . PUBLIC v. PRIVATE ENTERPRIGE. ' f : The State/urgentlj/ needs 'to- extendUhe $? ^^ciiltur&i;^e'P^'t^W-hy'^^i^P-fe^ng' qi Trade Gommissioner r and '- establishing; .State cool stores. State ice works, a. State but'ter factory, and a State . ? farm imple ! 'ment works. This department should 'handle any class of produce, sovthat ? it «, - may be placed r u pon-., the market r;at . a .minimum cost. . It icould^deiair-.Svith. wh^t j in f bulk ar.d briiig' it to 'tlie London market. - Also, where farmers forward through agents, it wo'uld talje steps .to see » that they received fair returns from their transactions. In ' South . Australia; they 'have a Trade Commissioner ^ to' attend to these matters. - He finds markets in London for -the= products of' the; St9.te, and, .generally watches oyer the interests of producers. ' - - ? . COOL STORES AND STATE -j . . : . ACTIVITIES. _ . ; . , ^ So far as .S.t'ate» coql stores are con cefned, thO'Murray Government lias miide. ?' a ifew feeble pretensions; but i achieved .nothing. Itst wealthy., representatives r of trusts, rings, and comb ines 1 irifct.he, .Legis lative Council have squashed land squelclied ail their proposals to develop this Labor- Party scheme/- T.he -'.Govern-' ' -miSnt should manufacture and supply ice,' and in every .way assist the. enterprise of those individuals who '-are Seeking inde pendence in whatever line they may' have chosen. In the iterps .,of eggs,*; fish, -but- ter, milk, and meat tremendous develop mlnt is possible if- ice were'r'cfieaply and! 'easily procurable.. State hutteri factories; are necessary inV some districts' to coun-j teract the dishonest trade tactics of per-,: tain merchants. The farmer^ should, get' his' implements at a reduced cost, anci only State or public.eritei'prise can bring .this about. ^Gm;therState--iJutter'.-factory in^South Australia,. Messrs. Lemrnoii and McGrath _ reported la.st 'month' to the Yic toi'-ian Labor Party- tlfat—- '... J' ? v ' The State owns and* controls a but-' ? ter factory, which gives jempldyment to. twenty workmen. The enterprise was set on foot because of the charges of \- dishonest practices which were made \- and. sustained against certain produce ' - merchants . of the State. The charges were of false returns of butter-fat tests, fraudulent statements jof breakages of eggs, 'and payment to producers less \- thatfniarket:.pric^s^.; -: ^ ^ - ~ -v,. - 'A Royal Commission was appointed ' to investigate the changes, and in its report upheld_the .policy pf a Stiate but ter factory— firstly, as' the best means of obtaining, honest returns and for ; supplying^ means of obtaining . 'maxi- ? 'mum prices', and, secondly, as a means of * checking returns from the private factories. . ' Tho result has ..been a . great . suc cess.. No only T did; tlie/ 'producers '.'who' patronised the' Government factory ob^' tain better, 'return?, but J3imultyiedusiy. the cows ' of the customers of private' enterprise ? factories} strange- to ? relate, ?- ,. gave richer. cream.'[ 1 ; There are other [practicable suggestions' which' could be elaborated. We want' a; S tate . '.timber ' yard,' and,: having' oiir own railway's, ^oi*ests, and. a coal', -mine, wo should have cheap wood and. co.al for thej people. . Our contention is that the- man. on - the' land is' a valuable asset to the State:. He should be, encpuraged'andl-pror tected,. and not ' exploited. .Tlie -Murray; policy is - to; .keep down his expens.es. and, also hi's profits.- 'The Labor policy, is to decrease ' his expenses and increase ' his' profits. .. . . '/ : . - -? EXHIBITION. - ...-.-r One of the 'Murray Government's pro-; posals was to hold an exhibition. Surel^ they. -have -made a. sufficient exhibition of theniselyesj They -.have provided £,1000; as' ' prelfrriinary . expenses on' wliat{ they call an Erhpiire Eixhibition. i'f'- -yPuld probably cost anything from a quarter to/ half a million. Now, could that - not; be: much better ^expended ? ... The object of the. exhibition is alleged to be a. desire to} cxtendr our manufacturing skill and. knowledge. But would it.? not 'be . much better .to .establish 'a scheme of- travelling^ trade, scholarships in connection with /the' Working Men's College and other te.ch -nlcai/ schools?-' We have a. traveilihg*art scholarship.' : Surely - trade scholarships are equally desirable! ... -' ' DOCK'OR PIER.; ~ ^ ' , The proposal 'to build' a' pier at Port Melbourne is adopting the most expensive and least convenient . ^^^ay; of . meeting the increased dema nd for '''wharfage accomA inodation. 'The building of a dock would cost- no- more than the. proposed pier, and would,, jnake cheaper,, more, dire.ct, ^ and; better, provision- for the growing needs of: tho£S(ate.' ^ ^ '' V ^ ' tHE PREMIER AT \VARRN/VMBOOL: \- In .Mr, . Murray^ speech at Warrnam-f boot'', we are treated tci^a; 'resiirree|ion'-.o4 ?ffift-*' si ff ii sffmrv- olrtr : 'intfo'jQp1its :that' have ?d.ohe d irty^ fpr^t\yerity' years 'and ^mor^ ^Evpry' G.pyernment ha's placed, more or less of . them upon, its piO-: gramme t.lo. c«a tch* the ' tinwary electoral, -hirdW'^ % 'tis tT^im'agi tie -MUr .the, A^rrnambopl.platTorm/ in; ,.pne( ba'hd| -and soh-Je salt- C{h~- -ti-ie) 'o ther.^iJl'iisisj i ag'/'tlic4 .plectors'^for '^iieir ' [.votes, .^sa^-lng:, *' Vote^ 'tor^ai ' we ill ; '^iy e » you co pi scores ' — -t( a s* he^^sfty'^.rjfr'soixyjhpv'' J or.;-,i^np\hpiVls '^[01^ .'.sponeiri oiv later.'., .?And-, already;.' a-0i:.t)r-}; [tion^jOf.-^tlie^^Ricli -_Pepple'-s-Par^^:(n,'.-the^^ L'egi si ati ve,v,.Cbu n ciif;. ;led';by. Mi;. I B 'aTf o ur,f is .011 this' question pppose'cf -.^O:- ?Xlip'^oi icyl , of ' the section -of -the Rieh:: Peofile's' Partyii led 1-y Mr; Murray. He -'wants 1 oforii-' o^ti the. ^Legislative Council, . and, -as -the; I mouthpie.ce ; o.f . the . W^rrna-mbool.^ Rich'4 People's Party, lie says it will be tine of; -the f first- measures/ to be . brought ' for-;. ?\yard; because :iis ' (the Lcgislati'vd CVVun-7. -caOiAdeas :;areXhavdly r\j- to .-what is^gcodf foiva-'/great .and growing democracy?^';' ^ The' ''Age'' j'the' prbgehitoK .of the -Richj People's*. Party; Says':— . / ' ' ; ' ' / | \- ' The. chief mistakd-of the ^prdgraiiimoj consists in its projected onslaught uponi .tli^. Legislative Council. . The grounds} r of attack ' at this particular juncture; ' are obvlotisly -insufficient. It-y's -'true; \- enough that the Council is an inert and reactionary body, but it lias . not done' \- anything of recent years of adequate' seriousness- in ; tlie way of blocking; Liberal legislation to invite or oven to. i sanction a. poptilar assault upon the : Constitution -for its reponstiui'jtion. Had. . it, thrpwn... out: an.; 'important . measure likQ-i'-'^teT .ife-ei^reiitial^ iVotiiig ;BiU.-_. the [- case:;wtfuld;'h'^e^-'beena'astly^;dfffercnL. ?? Butrthe-.'Gouh'cii l-a's,' of la£e/- confined its/ Toryism within 'compairatively.-.inpf-.; \- fens.i -v:e- .b ou nd s, , and to /attack 'it with-! out duo cause would be 'downright folly. There is an immense amount of in comparably' more important work wait ing. to [be; done,; work \v hich the. Council \- will not and; daro not: even .attempt- to defeat, ancL that-b.eingy so,:. to -tpond-ouri .. efforts, in an viinnece.ssary Cor.s.titu-/ tional struggle' would 'be' sheer lunacy.' Now, which are we tp. believe? I. know Mr. Murray-, sufficiently, ?iweil-T to s'ay that the reform, will not be attempted. The ''A&e; ' has spolccti!' ' ' « .. THE ' AGES S ' TWO VOICES. , .Perhaps' Mr. Murray, .before .framing his . sentences on reform of the -Legislative '.C6un''cir,: had- bee^n-' reading-' the'1 ' Ago ' of. November 7, 1910:—' : ' ? .'/;? ' But human greed; lias- in - all' *a?es : . set itself to frustrate- the- boun.tjes of . Providence, and it ;niay.--be safely/said . tliat-in n'o^tate in the world- 'iri modern- - times lias there been a House.:of -Legis-' ? ? lature which lias - been more; eonspicu- J ous than our. .l*.egislaLi ye s Council in . placiiig the- private interests ' of capi talists first and the general interests , of : the people 'in a subordinate position, when the time comes, .for,- tha-t? House to be blotted out of Ihe scheme of things, men- will heave- a- sigh ;of con tentment, such as Sinbad.:|must have emitted: wheii lie 'got rid. of his 'burden in shuffling off. the Old * Man of the ?' SeaV' ,. ?-- In that' event, his astonishment '/must have ^beeii.. unbounded when lie read fhe subsequent issue. / . ' CLOSER [SETTLEM ENT. The Closer Settlement Policy of the Go vernment has been -one, .that, 'appeals only; to -the man with money. Tlie thousands of. meiV; experienced /in farm work, whose lives have been sp'ent in- agriculture in the' ' State, 'are afforded opportunities which are ' not equal to those given to immigrants' '°. 'from far a was -.- ccu juries. There is positively no chance for n.v ex perienced man to. get land unless lie lias capital.' Such ifc the systeni upneld by the Murray combination. - The irrigated arpas of. the - State .are ^.reserved - for, moneyed men . or -for/ .-immigrants, r - A 'large area of lo'nd - in the . Mallee Jias ;bcen .: ,haiided over to ymen ^who, j in some instances, are the .owners of other land, and who, in consequence /of loose cohditions of agreement, will rl?old only for. the purpose of selling out, in order to gain' the unearned increment. Generally, the Closer Settlement' system lias been hampered by restrictions,, which have overweighted many settlers by liigli priced land. We are now offered by the Mtiri'ay Government a reduction in the payments of interests and principal from a total of six per cent; to five per cent. This is a 'beneficent' bestowal of £1 per hundred annually upon [the Closer Settler, arid the settler is expected to become a thankful and highly- prosper ous farmer upon this alleged 3aving. The poor 'straggler who (averaging 1 he land owned ; by . Closer Settlers at £1S06 ' in value) finds - his income one .ialf of that winch . he' requires for-v the purposes - of meeting .his bare needs, and whose -land, is isadly over- vaiu[ed, will find little relief from tliis. ' £18 ' is'- ' a consideration, and ' of course' will - be - a - relief in numbers of 'cases. ; But wliaf about the farm laborer arid the experienced culti vator, who. are. without the necessary means 'to- * meet*' the ; first-;' payments'? 'No- provision is -niado for tliese. ThejK are -to find no relief, because no word of -'Mrl Murray .gives theni . any hope of being other than laborers. ^ IMMIGRATION EXPENDITURE. , / £.40,000 lias been spent upon anMmmi gratiori Policy to bring people here; with certain suriis' of money7 so tliat our Closer ? Settlement; an'd other ' Blocks may be given to .them, a.nd tlyp poor, -but. experir j enced, laiid worker looks in vain for a lioirie in his own country. Still, lie cari rio't but be 'impressed with the i(dea that tlie £40.000 would be most : effective in settling, hundreds. of liis class in permanJ erit homes, if only spent in that direction: The policy 'of only taking land with the concuiTence of the Legislative Assembly and the -Legislative Council must be- air tered in favor of a policy which will 'place in Ihe hands of the Governor-in-Council the' right to' take land, subject to com-; pensation; for the purposes of Closer Set tlement. By. thie means, land will be ob tqiined where it is specially wanted, and not,- as now, in places where it is so. in conveniently situated as to be unsuitable. , - - AGRICULTURAL BANK.: i -... The Agricultural' Branch of the/ Credit: Fonder system is an esseritial part of the policy' of Closer Settlement, arid must be made -to- operate ^in such a/manner as to! .help s. the; thrifty .- laboi^ir— rwho-se^ sole' ^StarWing.,(iiialifiQaUpn. is, abundance* o£ strength and energy— to gain the'perman e'nt possession of land. ' ;[ :v'. : . IMMIGRATION. , ; ; On this, question, we find . now that; no; less -.than 'eight' or . nine expensive agents ; iiav^ibeerf j^pr'-'are, ?? travelling at tlie cost- oC- ?the - State to 'find- immigrants.' - They, in-; clujla:— / ;. ?. ? ' . ;Sijr.-'^'iW..:T^Vlern.e.r'. . ..... . . - - ?: ' ';[ ]\Ir[.^SIc^dn5cie, 'Mlnis.ter* .for Lands .. . '' i]\rK'^lfeid,''[ciT£Ofmai^-'Stite.|R'r\ler^ and -'. ^;rater;iSupl}ly- Co'minission v v ? Mr. r McLeod - ( late, of the .. ' Age staff), and '' , Mrs. McLeipd \- Mr;' Premier Murray : ' Mr: Whitehead Miss Ciuthbertson, ^ ? , :and -a , sttiff of: somewhere about, half a dozen, pfficials^in .tho Heiidr-OfCicQ,;;,tp.-; 'gether.= r-wi tti' ^ cost*- 'o'f buiidiiigs', 'trips to^ \- So'u'th'-/' Australia, and' other' :'p'er.-* head'; ; agents, ? etc; . N Ob.- one; word ? should- be; gaid: to give' anything 'else 'than- the most cor-! dial w'eicome to_.those who, up. to the pre. s'erit, have arrived in this State. Still, tho question ; just -now - bears the impress' of the fact that, while there may be a tem porary extra demand for , certain classes' of labor, many; of 1(he supporters pf the system are crying' out for more people in .order to glut, if possible, the 'Labor mai; -,ket,;and get cheap -labor for their iridus 1 tries. Surely, , then, tlio Labor Party have, [a right to demand that before fresh labor 'is imported tliero shall be some guarantee of -the ' stability; of eriiploymerit for those; i who {live in the Sta te. . 'What is the posi ..tion of the -farmer?-- Ilis sons have now. to leave, the State to look for land. When, 'any desirable land is ' thrown open for selection, there is a rush of applicants. : Time after .time . this ' has. occurred.' I ?would like .to .know, then, why it isdesir ;abje' to send for. iinmi grants, to occupy our. 'lands when we canno give 'suffieient in-i 'diiceriVerit to- our farmers' sons' to remain - [in;-);he'-S.tatc.-../ ?; - ; ''./ ? . There can be.no .exception., to people coming to this St?ite [o,ri the payment of' their own passages,; nor can exception be 'taken to -nominated passages in which' re latives or friends are brought out'to Vic toria. . , GREATER M ELBpU RN E/SCH EM E. =' For years a scheme for thft. constitution ;of za Greater. .Melbourne . lias .been , in the -Labor- Party's platform^ ? No- siich -scheme' can be considered lis cornplete which 111 snot'.' simp i i fy a rid u 11 i L'y ' t h e ' 1 o'caH go v e rri - :? ; ?merit pf' :Greate'r ISleibourne -as -embraced: - -in -the /terri tory - u n dcr 1 1 io. -Metrpiybl-j tan- ?Board of -Works. - Xo soliciHe of' e'.ec.trifi- - .cation pf- trams, of- better -liarbBr-faciUti^s;. 'of improved' lighting, of dtist-and dirt sup-, -pressyion, can . be successfully inaugurated while1 -about . .twenty -four separate coun- - cils, seven separate tramway and railway, trusts, several -electric' and gas companies, the- -Harbor Trust, ' and- iho^Metvopolil'an' Board, of Works are using, their divided. . authorities over' the area' indicated/ ? The franchise - will - have to be based upon a ? single vote. The cloction cf mayor must be by_the people, the direct employment of labor must obtain under municipal go vernment, and the broadened council' should, have , the power to erect' and own hous.es for. the better accommodation of .the people. S'uch measures of social re form as are , essential to the better 'go- vernment of' the cornmunity should' be carried through without delay, . . r:; ' MINERS' COMPLAINT. .?No platform could be considered as fully appreciative of the wants of the -workers unless it made a determined effort to. see that nothing was left undone to prevent the sprpad of miriers' phthisis, or, indeed, any form of this dreadful complaint. The IMurray Government would - not .permit of., an amendment of the' Workers* Coiripem: sation Bill so as to include mjners' com plaint, but the Labor Party will relax no ? / effort to bring this disease amongst those which are/ispeeially' provided for in ., the Workers' Compensation Bill. .POLICY [OF LABOR^ . It would be impossible for me to fully 'explain the La-bor Party's policj' in a single night, and in a single speech.- From what I have alreadjr said, 5;ou . will have some idea of the general lines up9n which we propose to move. In addition I will give you briefly the details of; our pplicy. ?What I am going to read to you. is,, in all respects, consistent with the platform of the Political 'Labor Counciir^ to which' we giAre our. complete apd entire adhesion.. But we have 'thought it' best , to state more fully some of the/items in our pro gramriie . f or / this present campaign. -These,', then,. , ard the lea.ding features of the/Labor Pali- ty's policy:— ' . ' ; /-?; _ .. LAND POLICY.. ... . Compulsory purchase of. land for Closer Settlement of ' Estates Jiv suitable posi tions.' Rents 'to be charged at tlie; lowest; possible, .rate consistent with ^financial safety and tlie encourag'eirient of - indivi duals to obtain separate holdings.; ' - CLOSER SETTLEMENT^, : [. Tlie settlement of snitable peopib upon living areas under the tenure of perpetual leasehold. : The conditions, of such tenure shall be— . ? ' ? ' ' ' . , Tbat for' a period, pf five years no ,rerit^'shall[ be : charged, provided that 'a sum equal' to /two' ^ and a half per cent; ot \- the capital, value of such holding shall be.expendecl by .tlie Settler eaclr-year'on improvements!, ' ' ' ' ' At the end of five/years the Crown to charge a rental c-qual to two' and a half per cent, of the capital value of the . holding, such rental to continue for 20. years, and at tho expira.tion . of that period be subject' to reappi'ais em en t. . These provisions apply only to Crown. Lands, and shall not, apply to land alien ated-or in process of alienation/ ?. . The establishment of an- Agricultural Branch of the. State Bank. ' ' '.'i \- Limitation of the tix'ea of large estates;, : .Establishment of Fair Rent Courts. - ' ' J LAND 'TAX. / [ \- Repeal - of - the* Murray-' \V a 1 1 La ii d Ta x, and spbstitutlon : of a Progressive;: Tax?: .with the , f ollowirig, rates; and/exempt ion: -~ . £500 exemption, such exemption to . diminish at the, rate of £1 for every:' / - £2 increase - in unimproved value, be- - [*-l t'wveen ^£.150^ *^2300.« '-Thus\ wheti- ' ? . the; latter! vaiuo;; is excefededj-no expmp4 = . rion :is;aaoweci. . , a - ^ : One-fourth of' a penny, between £500 and £1500. ? J- ' ? -- - ? \- One-half of a penny, between .£^500 .and £3000. Three-quarters of a penny, between ^ £noao-undf £5ooo.-' - * . -i *; \- O newpenny, ovej £5000. ?, % 'A.n'owrier'of land having £500 worth or. leps- of .unimproved value will not, be sub ject -to. taxation.' .... . - r-.c v -f An 'owner of land 'the value of which/ apart from improvements, '? together ' with mortgages owln# b'y him/ does not exdeed I £1500 ?=: (after/. deducting mortgages -ovving. by him)., is allowed.-' ;£ 500 exemption, but where such value exceeds £.1G00, the ex-' omptiori ' diminishes- by £ 1 for ;evcry £ 2. that such vtUue*;increases. sf- tliat 110 ex-, ..STOKWP.ri; is. allowa'ble . when .- £ 25*00y:in value ls 'reacliedt - ; ' . / : LAND tax 'PROPOSALS COMPARED^ ? ? 1'he. effect of .the/Labor, .Party's Laiid Tax -and the Murray Tax upori' laiid ivp to £5000 ih value is:— - ? ???'- : j ? 1 .- .- Value of- Labor Party's Murray Govt. Land. Land Tax.; .. ,: Land Tax. ' £375r Nil fo/f) -? ? £500 ?. . Nil ... .-e'l/0/3-0' £1000 10/5 -... -'£2/l/s, ?, £1500 ,.. £l/0/iO '.. £ 3/2/G ' . £2000 £3/12/11 £4/3/4'. '' £2500 . . -, £5/4/2 '? £'5/4/2 : :' £30,00 .. - £6/5/- . . . -£ 0/5/-/ £5000 ,£15/12/6 / v£10/S/4 V- ': The Labor ' Par ty's .Land Tax ex- - 'einpt io n - is 1 '£ 500. - The Labor Par ty's Land Taix ex-.,, enipfiori ceases at £2500. . The /La.bo.r . P.a r- ty's Land , Tax' conir - mences 'at one fourth of Id. 1 ' . The Murray Go vernment Land' Tax [/exemption is-: £250 .The Murray Go vernment Land Tax exemption ceases at £500.- ? -? ? - : The. Murray - Go . vern men t Land - Tax commences at %d. J . The lowest 'amount., of land tax : to be collected , is 2s. ,6(J„' therefore the . Labor exemption 'is £'619 in value. „ ?...^INCOME TAX. N. Graduuted. Income ' Tax., with £200 ex emptions ?*; income j'rax ' will' -be,; genarally speak-! i'lg,: .' assqssalsie; on cUll [incPmeV /iwitli iho exception oi' the- rents op. -profits- derived from the direct use or cultivation of land, and interest ' upon mortgages upon* land:1 ? AGRICULTURAL- -AN D, TRADE . AND [;.'v '[EXPORT. . v ' . ' Gpyern['rtieht-aw'hed 'rshipsr; Avith ' reduc-! iidiv pf freights on produce exported. Central Cool Stores ; dealing, with Ex port .Trade. . . - State advances against produce ex ported. T.he. appointment of - special - trade a g.en ts In ; Q rpa t Bri tai n* a n d -.o t he r. jpo u n tries for- tlie' niarlceting ' of' produce and the protection .of tlio' prdclucer. ' [ Establishment of storage in central positions throughout the State. INDUSTRIAL. A minimum, wage for ? all -workers. . Equal pay for 'equal work. '?'The establishment of a Central Labor Bureau,., . with ..branches... through out. the, 'State. ' 1 . Provision 'for the adequate training of apprentices. . ? \-- Wages Boards- Determination to apply to 'the whole of the State. Only one Board shall be appointed for each trade or ^'calling, with due representation '.of country interests, and with power to con-, sider local conditions when arriving at -a determination. Eight shillings per dayyshall -be the minimum wage -paid, to., male., adults , for an eight hours' .-day in the Railway, De partment. '. . . ;... ' \-- j- . . -v . RAILWAYS.' A steady, policy for extension to country districts, 'having regard to the develop-, mental aspect as well a^ the financial. ~ . Gradual electrification of the Suburban ? '? railvrays. - - .1 ;v ? ; Reduction of freights and fares. Abolition of differential' rates. ' . ' ROADS. '* An enquiry with a view to a vigorous^ . Main Roads. Policy,. -together w,ith..'an'. adequate recognition of the obligation of the' State. [. . ?? ; f - ' ' ? -. 'Mpuntaj n rRdad Pdlicy^td proyide»spcci- . aHy-fpr4he, opening upipE/ oil trOfrthe'-wajfj 'districts. . - ^ y ? ? EDUCATION. ? ?' ? -. 5: '-Primary, secondary, technical., and TJni-v vcrsity- : to..- b& \- free arid spculak'1- Tlio) - maintenance and . extension; ,o.t- technica.lv ; education by' ?the State!- ''^-?iVdequate r\J. 'muneratidn to ' the 'Teachers. ? ?- - ' ? i . SOdAL'. ' ' ^ ! ; 1 The1 right 'io* work. ? -, .v.,' - ? * /Equality -of- opportunity- ' - & ? rFamily Homes Protection/ Act. . .- ? 4Legislatiori ' to abolish 'slums,1 and . lh-j- proyidirig of; better housing- accommoda-; ; . tlpn. : ? -? ? ? ^ £ ' - j/The establishment of Fair. Rent Courtsr- ; '[ Liberalising -the provisions of llie'Ufre'dit- Foncier Ostein. 1 - ^ ? -,[' - . TRAMWAYS: / ' State ' purchase ''by arbitration pf,. the ' Metropolitan Tramway svstcm, iVfth full recognitln. of municipal rights.-: . GENERAL. ' *:,.A ' ?State Coastal Steamboat- servicers'. HUMANITY'S HOPE. r It is sbm#coiisqlii..tidn to' thp.se/wliorhavo . been standard -bearers:-in: tlie.Labpr-4[nd\5p- ' -m en t to .fi.iid{mai^; al^assi«g'.'r6fei-o'!fice: to their .position'.;-. by- liea'ds ipf [Churches,^ '-who have long' withiieitl- then* sympatliy froin Labor. ? '-Dr.;-liigram, Bishop- of - London, said in Loifdpiii^n/^iCt^ th sOctpber . 0 f this year, that^'sThd[;,' Church paid' no heed-to the pagsipn^te~desire for ' Heaven' on . *'-- Esirth,' v/-liichvwas stUo -'basisvol! the /Labor, moveinertt,;. iMie .reason of- the Church of England's want' ^ pE .-iiitluenco= was'-' that it .was,.- stilt'' a clasps 'Church, apt ? to~ like .the - poor only so long as - they ? kept . their . pro lierXplaPc-s.;-'. ' . s . .- Uttcriuices ..Jilce' this, and- remembrance ~ of ill o -[prp'fduiid sympathy with Labor of tlie late' Cardinal^ Mannmg, are-- teaching ' us that-at last theiPihncps ottlie^Churches, and uco!\sefiuently-tlieir ..adherents,:, are irar cpg^nislng. thevkinship.rof the Laiior.ii^we- ' menfcAvith the great work of lifting nian- . kind. ;' v 5 ? . : ' \- CONCLUSION. ^ 1^111 conclif^ now- by appealing to. my friends and supporters, and to;_tlie North' , Melbourne- people- geiiera,lly, 'to permit. nib; / ?to- absent myself 'fi^m- this . plectorate[/.d5i;i;.f f [ - ,-ing this' election for. a portion of t4i^''tim® ' in order to lielp forward the 7 Babpr- in'-/, terest in other electorates; /There'1 is no .? narrow electorate, bpundary. to the Labor iriovoment,-. In - Victpria 'it is from 'the River Murray' to the sea,: and when an . outlying portion of the .^a'te return's ;a - . Labor comrade, the message that is flashed from that distant outpftst fills, with liojie the [whole Ltalior. ''ijaovement.' -'North ? Mel- ? bourne ,was-;-iii -'the .vanguard, with a few othefs?/a'rid riow we aro gatlieriiig in otlter recruits.,. I may ... presume,^ aftpj. years'!, in.^ your .'service, to ask ' th'^'t ^o'u^'wiil v-nbw||. work foi- 'yoiiv rriovenient,' so' as to give me;!; the opportunity-..to help to.sdfistroy /the-j' evil dffects of /lying and .misr'dpresentatioq^-.'- in other portions of the -State- The Party/ . ? .have loyally recognised,.!, 111 e ..as;'; tliejl-^ Xcader' and their' iriputhpiece,' 'arid;' if ari'y - [mistakes' 'have been'- made, 'I aril ' Avliolly 1 i and,_ solely responsible. [' . I -can truthfully, sayi'.t(iatii'all,!.ip'f^ypur representatives' in Parliament have never 'lost sig:ht of the fact; that they are' only, the trustees of a big branch of a universal movement, :who rely upon . us ? to carry put their wishes. We have tried to do so, arid now only ask for full power to fulfil the people's' will. / (Loud /applause;) ? - . THE PRIME '? MINISTER'S APPEAL, Prime Minister Fisher,'; who was,- re ceived with -cheers) said - he : was^-nioro . . than pleased with -the' well-reasoned ad dress just' delivered. He. had -. known Mr. Prendergast for many years, and had al ways /found hini a trustpd and straight forward advocate of /tlie.. principles: jyiiich;., he. believpd- in, ..-and- which, ;i£.;giycn .legisr ; , lative. effect, . wo.uUrr be for ..the, benefit of the great majority . of the State and the Commonwealth. (Cheers)'- A propa gandist party with ideals and principles had no time for abuse. ' That sort of thing .only helped schem.ers. ri(.Applaus^)y^He!j.. _ asked;. the: plectoi^ of Victoria /not to tiike: a circumscribed view -!of /'/the/ political situation, but to vote so that' the interests of the- Conimonwealh as well as Victoria/ would l5e advanced} (Cheers.) . , A vote of thanks to Mr. Prendergast ; was proposed :by' Mrs. ,M. Bre'dneyer,.vand: seconded- by rMr. ;G.-i Elmslie. ^ecrctary^-of. the State;. Parliamentary. Lfibor. Pai*ty,; who . gave, the lie. direct* to -Mr, Watt,-' tlie;,; Treasurer?'' who/ on the'- previous evening/ in a mud-slinging speech had tried- to. make out that' Mr.' Prendergast- w'hs to'/ be;: superseded in; the State Labor leader-; ship. Mr/ Prendergast, lie. said, had al-* ways ra-'- strong hold on the Party, andi never more so than at present- (Cheers.) The vote of: thanks was carried witli grpat- eiithuisiasm. , . ; 