! NEWS OF THE DAY. The Federal sugar commission is likely to be the costliest Inquiry yet undertaken by the Common-wealth. Its members are re ceiving substantial sums -in fees and. sala- ries. In the fonm of it return, a state ment of (the allowances to members was laid before the House of Hepresentativcs yesterday. Mr. Tudor said tlic president was receiving' a salary nt tiie rate of P300ti 11 year, with travelling expenses of £3 3' n day while absenf from 'hie place of doini file. Members were getting £3 3/ a day and 25/ travelling expenses, and the secre tary to the commission liis usual salary of £-il)0 a year and travelling expenses of 15/ a day when absent from Victoria, and 12/ a day when in Victoria. In addition, the president was allowed a private secretary at £250 a year, wi-tli 12/0 a day travelling expenses, and all train, steamer and col) fares incurred in connection with tiie busi ness of the commission were being paid by the Government. With a view to expediting the work ot' -suburban railway electrification, the State Government has despatched a cablegram to Mr. Metz. asking him to prepare specifications for I'bc conversion of the lilies. The message was -sent after consul tation with Mr. Wilson, Sir. Merz's part ner. who has been in Australia for some months past. The electrician of the .Rail way department (Mr. Stone) is preparing data to be supplied to Mr. Mere, and lie will shortly sail for England via America. When the specifications are completed, ad- lernalivo tenders will be invited for the in- , stallation of the direct current and the alternating -current, respectively. ltcccnt advice from England indicates that keen competition lor the work may be 'expected, ill-. Morz probably will come to Melbourne along with Mr. Stone to advise tlic Govern ment as to how the lenders should be dealt with, ,and .Ministers should he in a position to name definite- proposals to place before Parliament at the eiimmeneo- uieut of the next session. The Federal Parliamentary jaunt this re cess will lie comparatively short, lint it should be uone the less pleasant. Tiie parly, headed by the Minister for External Affair.-., will leave Melbourne for Dai-tvin on loth April. ",l am sending out the circulars to-morrow," unnomiced the .Minis ter yesterday, "asking members to forward their names if they intend to go. I will he iu the territory for sixteen days, and have ask-.-d the Acting Administrator to n,e the day.-, to tlic best advantage. He will prepare an itinerary. If members wish to remain lunger the Government will of course provide tllietii with facilities." Air. Thomas is going north purely on business, lie is The Minister who is responsible for the development of the territory, aud per sonal acquaintance with its affairs and officers wili add to t'iie value of his advice bo-tiie. £albinet. !lie stfix iWaxiiCacaiLace- vent his visit 'degenerating into a Pai-lia-' menlary picnic is to limit invitations to the few members tvho have not been on pre vious Parliamentary jamiL to the terri tory. T.lie regular steamship services will lie utilised. The clash between Federal and S'tafo Go vernments on the insli'-iition of Common wealth .Savings Hanks 1ms reached a stage of tall talking on both sides. The State Treasurer lias introduced a bill to enlarge the powers of the Savings Bank commissioners, equippinj tiumi to meet the Federal competMimi. "I wisli ; lieni good luck," replied the Prime Alin- isl, y< stcrday. "They are apparently awakening to the fact that some further concession are due to depositors, nml I ant glad to see that advantages not hitherto enjoyed are promised by the State hanks. Util wo are going on with the Common wealth scheme, hoping to hurt nobody, hut to help alt." The Minister for Ji-jioe Affairs held out the olive branch. lie urged that American example showed that great undertakings should he controlled by tiie Federal Government. ".Irrigation, fur instance," said Mr. O'Malky. "The States should at their conference accept the Prime Minister's proposal to unite with the Federal Government in making the Ootn- luomvcaltli hanks tho great national insti tution t'liey should be. It- is nonsense to think that the States can or should light the Common wealth. They should come in ami help. Jt is the first time in the his tory of nations that the. people's deposits are to be guaranteed by the whole taxa tion power of a nation." Some new revelations in regard to the business .methods of American trusts were, yesterday made by Air. I liggs in the House of Uepresentutives. The Mergunthaler Trust, an American combine, whieli has a mq-cliino called the barotype on the mar ket, lie suid, lmd purchased the liiouoiine uiiadliine, which previously 'laid been in stalled by several (inns, and now the trust refused to make parts or soli parts of that inn chine in Australia, .lie -thought the Commonwealth should, if it had flic power, take steps to deal with Phis trust, and protect Lliose newspaper proprietors Who hnd purchased moiiolinc machines. The Attorney- General said that some facts in relation to the matter Imd been ;>!uced boforc him, and bo was making inquiries with u view to. ascertaining how far sueli action was a breach of any of the statutes of the Commonwealth. From what Air. Iliggs had stated it would appear that it wis against tllte spirit of the Australian Industries Prescnartion Act, but whether it was a direct violation of any particular -section of it he was at present unable to say. New !?outh Wales members of the Fede ral i'arliiiniciil are in u great state of agitation at the prospect of Ueelong being selected us the site for the temporary naval college.' In the House of Representatives yesterday, Air. Fuller usked if the Minister of Defence had seen a statement that Captain Chambers Intel expressed 'hi niBclf in favor of G-reenwcll Point, k'lioalhnven ..River, and hud also expressed re gret that lie -had nut seen it before he recommended Geelong. Air. Fuller urged that, before any conclusion was defi nitely arrived at with regard to Geelong Captain Ohuinheis should be consulted re gurding blie site at Grecnwell Point.. The lion. Alinistui- (Air. Roberts) doubted that Captain Chambers would make such a statement,, but he worn,, uraw bite atten tion of the Minister' of Defence to the matter. - 1 Tiio cheerfully worded messages which come from Adelaide stating' on the assur ance of Air. Glynn, ALLA; that the Alurrny waters agreement is on the verge of being sighed ure mysterious to "Victorian Afin- islers. The first- of these appeared about six weeks ago, und the second yesterday, buP'nobody here knows when the signa tures are likely to be afiixed' to the docu ment. The only tiling certain is that for want of a little explanation the agreement referred to is liable to lie coiifused with the disagreement as to the general -question', of allocating the 'waters of -the Alurray. Tt is evident that Air. Glynn's activities con cern the resolutions arrived at by the con ference held last January, when Victoria and New South Wales consented to South Australia constructing storage works at Lake Victoria, to include two locks on the Murray. South Australia was, nt the tame time, authorised to use the channel of tho Afturay as a conduit to convey impounded water from Lake Victoria to the eastern boundary of the State. On the general question of the avatars of the Murray River and its tributaries the engineers of the three States were directed to report by 1st December this year and make recommenda tions which, in their opinion, would be conducive to a settlement. The Premier, stated Inst night that he had not heard of this report being completed. . .. The two representatives of the Welsh Colony in Patagonia who arrived, in Mel bourne some week ago for the purpose of inquiring into the prospects. Victoria lias to offer in the way of irrigation farming have not since communicated witb the Govern ment. Tt is understood that AR'ssis. .Tones and Williams are still .making investiga tions in the northern districts. Two other settlers from the I'ulaganiuu Colony who have come to A'ietoria called at the Intelligence Bureau yesterday and stated that they wished to see what Victoria had to offer in the way of farms. Another caller was Mr.' A. S. Chamberlain, of Los Angeles, who intimated that' he hail heard about A'ietoria as the result of the visit of the ATKeiizie-Alead delegation. Since then communications have . passed between prospective landscekors in. Los Angeles and the bureau here, and Mr. Chamberlain said Unit if the conditions here were sutis- . factory, over a hundred of them, all pos sessing capital, would be willing to make their homes in .Victoria. (Similar state ments have been made by other visitors from America, ami it is believed that a laige number of irrigaliohists will avail themselves of the hrndseekers' excursion from San .Francisco to Alelbbttrne next year. The visitor, along with four or five others, will leave Melbourne to-day to in spect blocks at Sheppurton, Tongalu and jjoinawin'. immigrants comprising J,wo families and eight single men arrived by the Otama yesterday. The Under Treasurer notifies that Vic torian civil service pensions will be payable on and after 22nd inst. A letter written b.v a 'man of uncom monly sensitive conscience— so sensitive that, it was "ioudlied" to 'the extent of £10 over an uncertain liability— has reached the (State Treasury. Tim writer briefly .unburdens his mind and pocket as fol lows: — "Herewith 1 forward £10 probate tux, doubliul deficiency. The deficiency," ii any, is now paid, with interest." The re- miUuncu wus iu Docitiil hoius, The ueiv steamer BalUirat, tlic first of the two "one-class" tsliips, of 11,100 tons re gister, whieli the P. and O. Company is adding lo the service on its Cape route, lias been inspected and much admired by a party of shipping men, Government officials and others at the lioyal Atbert Dock on the eve of its departure fur Australia, writes our isnidoii correspondent. Tiie accommodation shows a marked qlvauce on that of many of the ships ut pre sent on the Cape route, and is well adapted iu every respect for emigrants and other passengers who wish to travel .it the cheaper rates. Tiicro are lluti berths, and the steamer has space for about lU.OUi.l tons of cargo. The eqiiipmeiir is gcnera'dy <»f the latest type, and include- a pov.w- fnl installation of wiielcus telegraphy. Frequent complaints have been made re garding reflections in England on tho. Com monwealth system of meat inspection, and in the House of Representatives yesterday Air. Fiulayson asked the Alinister of Cus toms if it was not possible lo do some thing to stop "these unwarranted attacks." lie quoted a statement lo the effect that ojjg-oL Juie, principal iuepiactuig officials, ' M|, , | 1 Dr, Williams, wnt Sll'd to have declared that he no longer pa,|(J 'my attention lo the Commonwealth cer£,'.%ll<\--s or lalielrf, us, after ncveral months' ex"iVe>;ience. he re, guided them as unreliable. The 'M, blis ter said tic did liot tiling it possible that Dr. AViliiitnis had made such a statement, hut if he had, lie was not ail officer of the Commonwealth. He would get the lliofh Commissioner to make inquiries. Mr Fuller suggested that 'the Alinister should also ask l-hc High Commissioner to in quire into tiie valuelessnesH of the commerce regulations ill regard to the grading of Aus- Itiilinii butter, with the view of having the regulations altered. The Minister does nut regard the etimmqrce regulations ill (lie same light, us Air. Fuller. He pointed out in reply that before they came into opera tion Australian butter realised about 12/ a ton less than Danish butter. Now they were about equal. Somewhat belated approval was given b.v the Federal Executive Council yesterday to the establishment of the war railway council, a body whieli has been organised and in active work for more than a .war. The establishment accords will) tlic state ment made by the- Alinister of Defence when lie' directed its insLitutioii. It is to consist of tlic president, w.lio will he quarter master-general, erven senior officers of the engineer and railway staff corps of the Commonwealth railway .system, and o9 each .State railway system, the con.-nltir.g military engineer of the Coiiimomveiitth. n naval officer and a military officer. In ponec the council is to report on rnihvny matters ill their relation to defence, and on organisation. of transport of trooiis. In war the council will advise also on mobi lisation. On the engineer and railway staff corps . tiie commissioners and leading rail way officials will be given honorary rank. Commissioners and general malingers are to be colonels, and otlier officers licuteunut- eoloncls and majors. Uniforms will be provided 'by the dcparlinent with distinc tive badges. Colonels will number four teen, of whom tl'irec will lie on the head quarter -staff, and throe in A'ietoria. Other ranks will bring the total 'of officers lo 53. Of the lienteiian t-coloneU and majors the head quarter staff is to have seven, and. A'ietoria and New South AATales seven each. The estimates provide for tlic expenditure of £1500 on uniforms and expenses. In future non- emiiiiiissioued officers will be eligible for appointment as acting area officers under the new compulsory training system. The first of such appointments is tlint of Sei-gcan l-Alajor O'Rrinu for the area of Hamilton. The first work of the trainees of the Royal Alililary College will be that of urea officers. The stir unused by the appearance of an accountant at the Brisbane leper station, with credentials to examine' the lazaretto and remove some, of the patients, was re flected in a slight commotion in the CJus- toins department yesterday. The Atinistei- declared -that no person had been authorised Jo negotiate- with the Queens land Government regarding the station. Ho know of no accountant despatched by the Quarantine department- to investigate its affairs, and lie ordered inquiries to he made into the bona fides of the visitor, tboine time ago Air. Tudor considered the ques tion of tlic future of tiie station, and de cided to defer the matter till the return of the Director of Quarantine from his lour of the world. - 1 A State hill circulated last night is drafted with" the object of ovcrtoming some difficulties met with iu the .manage ment of the John Alurray training ship. Ad&itiunal; powera arc to be'given to the committee of management., No boy is to bo admitted to the ship unless he is under Lite age of 10 and is of good character. The parent or guardian will be required to sign an agrcemeut tor the boy to remain under the care of the committee until the expirar tion of the period specified, or until lie attains the ngp of 17— whichever event firs:; happens. Absconders may be arrested and; brought back to ilic ship. ; With the co-operation of the Department of Agriculture, the show of . the products of intensive culture to be held in the Exhi-. bitioh Building next Alhrch, under the aus pices of the Royal Horticultural Society, i should be a great- success. The aid of a grant of £300 from the Government vote to horticultural societies will enable the promoters to offer attractive prizes. A special feature of the exhibition will be the display of produce from the closer settle ments. ' The principle of preference to unionists on the part of the Federal Government is to be contested in Tasmania by Parlia mentary action. Air. Ewing, who for merly represented Western Australia in the Commonwealth . Senate, and now a member of the Tasmnnian Legislative As sembly, has brought forward a bill for the prohibition of preference. it is provided that no person jjknll give or counsel or ad vise the giving of preference of employ ment lo any person on account of the poli tical views lie holds, or oil .account of his being :t member of any union or organisa tion of employes or employers. Another condition is that no person shall refuse or counsel or advise the refusal of employ ment to any person on account of the political views he holds, or on account of his being a member of any union or ; organisation of einplpyes or employers. In each case the penalty imposed is £100. it is stated that Air. Ewing lias taken legal advice, und lie lias been informed -that the passage of his hill would prohibit the Com monwealth in Tasmania from enforcing preference, und would render any foreman or contractor who acted in accordance with the recent circular of the Alinister for Home Affairs liable to penalties. This looks like overriding, Commonwealth law; but preference to unionists is not a law of tho Commonwealth; it is only, a depart mental ordinance. To establish preference ou Commonwealth work in spite of State prohibition would require the Common wealth I'arlia moil t lo fix the .principle iu a statute, and ttiat might ho difficult. At any rate, there is no prospect of the Fede ral Parliament passing such a bill this ses sion, and if Air. Ewing hurries up with his counter move, Tasmania may lie able to rid itself of tiie incubus of preference until tlio Commonwealth Legislature re sumes ill .Inly next". If there should be no legal harrier to the adoption of such a prohibition as that proposed iu Tasmniiii, similar action might he taken in A'icro in to prevent the Commonwealth from doing by regulation an act which is necessarily in opposition to tlnr spirit of the constitu tion. In a recent statement made ou behalf of the Railway .department, it was intimated that the twenty hieJm itives ejiistrueied by the Bahlwin Company of America would arrive in Melbourne by 5th De eemher. The locomotives have not yet been delivered/ and in consequence eauiiot he i taily for service by the begi lining of January, as was promised, to assist the department in handling the harvest traffic. Tiie Commissioners have received advice tioin the company th.it. tin: locomotives have been shipped by the steamet; Living- stun i. i, winch is now about due. It is ex pected that live or six weeks will elapse 'before the parts are assembled, and tests of the engines made. Upon an originating summons iu the Practice Court yesterday Air. Justice Cns- eii was asked to make an order in re spect to t'ae estate of Kenneth Al'Lcod, lonnerly ot Kilmore, who had been missing since ratio, and was presumed to be dead n i'l'-'W. > c:lsL' thai in lhG2 Donald M Lcod aim his brother Kenneth iGiigul 1,111(1 as tenants in common at AA'il- lowmayiii' near Kilinure. in istij Kenneth Al Jsuoil Iclt \ ietoriu to go to hoijk iliguing in New; Son fill Wales, and lie was not heard of again until 11MJ2, when a svvagman IV- porteil to Donald Al'Leod that the missing man bad been 'his mate, and that he died at Lambing Flat, New South AVales, almut ISIIG or 181)7. Last yetir Donald Al'Lcod died, and Ins executors (.Messrs. Donakl M'LcckI M.L.A., of Daylesford, and John and .William Taylor,. p£ Kilmorej, jnada ap- plication for a declaration Hull Kenneth I Al'Leod was presumed lo have -lied int. s ! tale and unmarried before Danaiil ,.M'ia:e-.i. the testator, and i lint Ilic hied ivau ve-ie! iu I'iio latter at the lime of his death. Hi, Honor granted tllie application. Mr. Win- neke, instructed by Mes/ri. M'Na.li am! JR'Nab, appeared for plaintiffs, and Mi Jos'.yli for the liefrmlnn' . Keiuietii M'Lei'a!,".a cousin of do 'Cased lv-mi. ! i Al'Leod, lis" representing all his next of kill. A ivmiliiscriiec of the ",'ih'Vil", ipTbiil in tlic lite "nighties" was iiroiiht h. ,'?!') i r. Justice Ciiseti in the Prue' i ee (' ui't yes, terday. when sanction was '>1 far a di.is- tie writing down of the capital of a public company. The application was made in regard to the Mount joy Estate ( .'oaijian;. . o. I.oriie. by Mr. \\\'\ A. Kainlersoti (iuatrurled by Me-xrs. Price and Price i. It: was stated that tiie company was I'm-mnl in 18-S8 for the purpose of purchasing Ei-kine House and otlier real estate tt Lome. The authorised capital of the company was £50,001) in shares of £1 each on ivhiuh 10/0 had been called lip in vesper!' of ;!3.(i3'l shares, and ttho remaining 10,370 shares wore forfeited lor noii-pnymctii, nf call. Meetings of tiie "company wore reem'.ly held, al, which authority wit given to re duce Idle eapital to £12.011 :>/, liy writing 12/0 elf eaeli of the 00,3Gi) -iinres. making tdieiii iiiiininally 7/0 per siiirr. t/ of which was deemed to be paid up. The managing director (Air. II. A'. Richardson) valued Erskine House at £0181, and tile real es tate at £2700 15/. The purchase price of the former asset was liot mentioned, imt 'he oilier real estate was set down ill I lie books nt £10,227. It was stated that the furniliire anil other effects . of Erskine lluiiso laid depreciated, and that owing m tiie want of railway eoniiminieation and tlio difficulty of reaching the place in winter months, there was a loss of trade which was perfimnont. His Honor granted the application. Tiie plans for the Janet Lady Clarke memorial band pavilinij, which it is pro posed to erect in the Queen Victoria Gar dens, on the south side of Alexiuidra- a venue, were submitted to the City Craiu- ' cil for approval at its meeting .yesterday. The memorial committed of citizens who hail the matter in hand had invited com petitive designs, which were submitted to the baths anil parks committee. -Sir Henry Wordon explained tlhat t'lio ljian was for a reinforced concrete stand with a circular dome of beaten, copper. 1;. was proposed to place the band stand, which would cover nil area of a'bout 30 square- feet, oil the island in the lake. It would he con nected with the land by n rustic 'bridge. The , cost; would lie about ' CllriO. An - objection was raised by Cr. Stnpiey that a reinforced cniei'.'te stand was not suitable for the site, ft was a too utilitarian material, "and it would be a Iblot on what had been made a beautiful spot, ill the city. He urged that the. mat ter be, referred back to the committee. .Sir Henry We'd on protested against the prac tice of always referring matters back for consideration. Tliceoupcil was becoming notorious in that respect, lie- suggested that the council agree to the plans, mid that £10 might be expended by Die me morial committee in ereaiiif, a wooden structure of tiie size of tiie ineniorial. .in nrdei" that councillors might judge from actual observation whether the island site was a suitable one or not. This suggestion was adopted. Tho suggestion before the council of the Working A I en's College that lectures should be delivered on Hie subject of re inforced concrete was mentioned at a council meeting held last evening under the presidency of Sir .Samuel Gillott. The secretary had invited Mr. R. J. Haddoii, of Collins-street, consulting architect, to express tin opinion, and lie wrote that lie held the view that the average student in the Department of Architecture did not possess the necessary mathematical train ing to qualify as .an engineer capable of carrying out reinforced concrete work. Tlic 'study was distinctly intricate, and- in Air. Haddonhi opinion it should be classed as a high branch of engineering. The pre sident observed that the subject in a city like Alclboiirne should be of increasing im portance. and might very well exercise tlic full attention of the council." Considera tion of the snlfieet wins deferred. It el', A. it. Ivilg.ir acknowledges £1 from "Dis": also £6 oil 2()tli'.\oveiiibcr. 