NEWS OF THE DAY.1 tA: ambulance brigade has been formed at Gosford. Mr.' A. J. Plesley has been appointed police magistrate at Llsmore. Ticks have hecn discovered on a cow tulnning in a paddock at MIurwillunbah.i South African buyers have bought Iree ly at the stud sheep sales in Sydney this week. During the eason Just ended the Com monwealth wool exports totalled 1,975,37n bales. It Is nticipated that arglmentsl of counsol in the vend case will occupy three weeks. SThe .Qlobe Island abattoirs were built In 1860, when the population of Sydney was 70.000. There is a blockage of chaff at Coola mon railway station, ownlbg to the s~hort ng,n of trucks. The gold and copper output of Mount Morgan mine (Queensland) for Juno had a total value of £76,519. The estimated profits of the Zinc Cor poration, of Broken ill, for the month of Juno mnounted ,to £7041. At St. Marys/Police Court a Chinese 'was lined '£30 for sly grog-selling at Mount Drultt. The fine wan paid. Il'atelaying in connection with the Cooma-Niinlltybollo railway extension has bcn complceted for 14co miles from Coo ma. Mr. W. IEdmunds has been appointed to act cts District Court Judge in the north ern district from the 4th to the 24th in sn::nt. The "annual convention of the Victor ain Clinber of Agriculture Is bhdog attended by 350 delegates, representing 91' societies. At tho, reoquest of Woy Way residents the Mlunister for Works has given In ntructlions for the dredging of the eastern end of the channel. Rabbit trappers supplying the freezing worlci recently crected at Dumcedoo, near Mudgee, are said to be earning between £2 and .£3 a night. "Members of the Highland Society of New South WVales have given the sum of £500 to the fund for erecting In Sydney a moemorial to King Edward. The oseaon on the Peel River closer settlement area, Tamworth, is anything but favourable. Wheat has not yet cover ed theb. ground, and is showing very patchy. SFor. the year Just' closed the exports from Gclonog (Vlce.) to oversea ports to tailed £767,691, imports £333,n16, and tie duty collected aggregated £35,197 3s. For falling to satisfy the police how ice came into lawful possession of 8%oz of gold, Henry John Landy, dredge employee, was, at tile Bendigo (Viec.) Court linea £25 and ordered to pay £7 ii costs. The Victorian Government is consider ing the questlon of oifering special in ducements to sugar beet growers in other countries to settle in Victoria. In view of this being the centenary year of the Sydney Hlospltal, tile Seamen's Union has decided to double its usual donation, making this year's contribution £60. Mr. Watt, the Acting Premier of Vic toria, says that it would be a pitiable thing to import a large body of female labour, unless there was every probabl llty of sustained effort, The Danish Government Ihas intimated 'that on inquiry it has hcen ascertained that Sir John Taverner, Agent-General of Victoria, did not contravene lthe law of Denmark when seeking emigraints. The BIroken Hill City Council has paid off the carters who struck work because a member of the Amalgamated Miners' Association, who was not a member of the Tipearyters' Union, was employed by the council. The Gloucester to Tares mail coach Was smashed up on Tuesday morning. The team of five horses was standing in front of the Gloucester Post-offllice, when they took fright and bolted, smashing the coach up on the railway gates. Mr. H. J. Wright has sold out his apiary at Forbes, after over 30 years' residence. He Is leaving for Limeburner's Creek, near Port Stephens. He. was farewelled, and presented with a gold medal by tho members of the Forbes Forresters' Lodge. The Department of External Affairs has been informed that a number of blacks are starving at Powell's Creek, Northern Territory. Pastoralists will be asked to supply the blacks with food until Com monwealth stores arrive. The recommendation of the State Cab- inet, to commute the death sentence to twelve years' imprisonment, in tho. case of Alexander Johnston, under clrcum stances already reported, has been con firmed by the Ecxecutive Council. It is asserted that a number of coun try browerics have been compelled to close because of the operations of a combine. One proprietor, who offered to sell out, was told that it would bhe cheapur for the combine to crush him. Mr. George Simns, who was prob ably the oldest resident of, the Monaro district, died at Pretty Tree Flat, near Cooma,last week, at the age of 96. He came to Australia from England in 1830, and lived practically all his life since then in this district, having been a far mer and grazier. At the Glen Innes Police Court, Got fried Manthey, a coachbuilder, pleaded guilty to not displaying the coatchbuild ers' award in his shop. lie was flned the rcosts of Court, G6s. On a second charge of not payling an employee £2 1Ss as an Improver, be was fined £2 1ls, and £4 7s. 4d costs. The Stato .Government Statistician has received returns from 33 unions in this State showing that on December 31, 1910, 11833 members, or 7.2 per cent, were out of employment. In 241 unions there was no one unemployed, 1i unions could not furilshi the information,/ 65 utlons ignored the questions, antl ali unions have not yet supplied roturns. Complaints ire made regarding the unu versal use of fish-traps around. Brlsbane Water. It is contended that the waters 'being closed against net fishing, the use 'of fish traps should also be prohibited. In some cases metn have no less than 20 traps apiece, which are set in favourlte fishing spots, much to the dlsgust and an noyance of local and visiting line fishermen. At Its last moeting in Melbourne the $ocialist' party carriel the following re s?olutlon:--"Tlhalt this miteting strongly condemns. the actiol of the Postmaster General In contitually putting off a de pouttion from the Socialist party con certlng the banning of the Italian news papur, 'LhAnino,' especially as he directly Invited a deputatlon from Mr. Snowball on thea same matter when it suited bln owlt" purpose." Giving evidence before the Royal Com mission on Labour Supply, Mr. W. Lowe, master tailor, of Sydney, said he could give evidence .of where Immigrants, brought out by certain firms, had been met by trado-unionists when their ship had reached port. They had beet per suaded to go back, their fares had been paid back to England, and they had not so much as seen the men into whose em ploy they arranged to come. While hunting in the mountains, near Saint Clair,. at the end of last week, George Kohler, of Slngleton, was acel dentally shot. It appears tbat two comn panilons were on lower ground, tnd elth icr was going along a cliff. A wallaby wao. sighted, and oalo of Kohler's .com panions fired a. shot, not observlig Kohl Ier; Tihe latter reeivetd about. twelve pellets in the rlght thigh, nee, nnd left arm. His injuries were painful, but not serious. Thomas Murray, a single man (28), was taken into Gloucester, on Monday, suffer lng from serious burns. lie had been working for Smith and Timms, railway contractors. lie was stayiing at a board inghouse, and while sitting inl front of a fire on Sunday night, had an epilep tic fit, and fell into the flames. He I-n is fotnd inext morning in Harper's fowI house, covered over with a bag. He was tal:en into Gloucester, and placed under the care of tie Government medical offi crr, and waIs fIuiind toU be burne] froml leand to foot. especially aboutL ithe heelds, clIeht, and face. There were ten Sunday night entertain inclnts last week end lil New South i Wales, ni Ilucreasne of orLe over tiLe total for tile rLpreleding week, balt a decrease of trree aH cnmiparcd with Sr?nlllray fortnigllit. 04 the tenll enrtertainmenta,. four were giv Cn ill the city, two ill tile iubturt?, end four inl other parts of tiLe StaLe. T'hie proposal of 'tile New Southi Wales Liberal Conference, for shire aLLd mLlni clipali control of hLospitals, is iLnot favoLr ed by thie AtiLng State Secretary, who prefers State manragemenLt. Mr. Flow er' idea in to cconrage the people to markite asn of tire Ilospitals L a LonlLcin of tie Slat9, ard olio~ to discriminate between rich and poor. A tdeputation of persons who resided In Queenaland for t0 years anld over, watll ed on the Premier of that State, and askedt tlhat their services to tihe State should be recognised by the Government In some tangible manner. MIr. D?rnham, the Minister, in reply, osaid ie waould place no obstacle ir, ttre way of a mo tion 'being brought before Parliament, Irovided it was discussed on private members' day. Two railway employees, named Charles Brockwell and Frank O'Brien, had a quarrel over the possesalion of a bicycle lamp at Ararat (Vic.). Thie men occupied the sanme room. While BIroclwell was cutting up some tobacco in bed O'Brien renewed the argument, and called his mate uplccasant names, and also at tacked him with a boot. Brockwell closed with his assailant, and in the struggle O'Bricn was stabbed with a butcher's knife which Brockwell had-benu using. O'Brien was taken to the hospital in a grave condition, It was found that he had been stabbed in five places. At tihe conference of represeutativca of the Victorian Chamber of Manoufac tures, and of the Melbourno Trlrades Hall Council, regarding the scarcity of labour, Mr. M'Neilage (president of the Cham bar of Manufacturec) handed In a ncho dul tohowing that the various manufac turers aihilatal to the Chamber "f Manu factures required at once 205P artisans, In b; separate trades. The princial scnarcty was for tIG workers for the mailufacturo of women's garments; 4Sf for men's and boys' clothing; 249 for chirts, collars, and pyjamas; 170 boot machintist; 1tS bullermakers; and 153 boller?nakers' aissstants. By the last English mail, the chaplain of the hlisJions to Seamena, Melbourne, received a letter from the carpenter of the four-masted barque Loch Broom, in which he tells of the sad death of a young Tuasmnhien sailor named leane Chapan,a It appears that wtlemn the ship was Just pant the IHorn. Charp man, who, with the other members of thie watch, was reeling the mizzen topsail, fell from tire yard. Strikduing the port rail in his fall, he nank immediate ly. It Os understood that CIpmapnn was a nephew of Captain Chapman, of the Charlottu Fenwlck, and that his piarents resirIo in Devonport, Tasmania. Two bumper whales entered Twofold Bay on Monday. Daviuson's boat soon made fast to one, and an exciting chase commenced, the whales making for the open sea, followed by two oil launches as pick-up boats. After travelling about six miles the line was lost, but shortly after was again secured. A third whale then made its appearanlce. Thie whales started to travelvery fast, and as the night closed In, although two shots lad been fired at the whale to which the line was fastened, it gut away when about 10 miles north of the bay, taking with it the line, one Imarpoon, and one lance. This was the inrst chase of the seasona. 