LABOUR MARKET. To the Editor. Sir,-On the ground that it is a matter of individual taste, Mrs. Juleff excuses herself for having omitted clothing from hler esti mate of the cost of living. Is food not a matter of individual taste both as to material any quantity? Has she no acquaintances who eat meat at every meal, medical condemna tion notwithstanding, and others who never eat meat at all?' Has Mrs. Juleff never heard, "What's one man's poison, Signor, is another's meat or drink?" A lady who writes on the cost of living and omits delibe rately all mention of milk, the most impor tant article in a dietary, and says nothing of clothes is more remarkable than safe as a guide in domeslic economy. Compgrisons of -prices are never easy because quality is as important as quantity. For years when in vestigating such cases, I have made it a prac tice to consult experts in the various articles as well as making my own inquiries. Even as regards ready-made clothes, I am not able to agree with Mrs. Juleff's assertions, and I have taken the opinion of an exlhert on the subject. But I need not go into detailed figures. Your other correspondents have done so. Mrs. Juleff and one of her critics seem to held that high wages make dear goods. Curiously enough this delusion is prevalent in the Australian Labour Party. The fallacy results from non-recognition of the difference between rates of wages and cost of produc tion. Some of the cheapest goods are made by earners of high wages, as was demonstrat ed .some years ago by an American writer who made a systematic investigation. The most expensive labour, as Bagehot pointed out many yearg ago, is slave labour where merely maintenance is given. Indeed it has been well said that he is the best business man who pays the highest wages. In conclusion I would express regret that there is not more candour, care, and charity in public controversy. The lack of charity has been amply displayed during the last few days in the criticisms of the alleged ut terances of the absent Prime Minister. The remarks of Mr. Gill seem well called for. I am opposed to the Labour Party because I believe Socialism will restrict liberty, di minish employment, and lower wages, but that does not justify me or any man in treat ing a fellow creature, however important or unimportant, as guilty before he has had an opportunity of defending himself. I would not condemn even Mr. J. J. Simons without giving him a fair hearing. If our opponents are bigotedr and tyrannical, as they often are, we should prove the superiority of our principles by our more liberal opinions and more generous conduct. As the great indi vidualist teacher, the almost saintly Herbert Spencer, was superior as a man to the bigoted, cantankerous, and sometimes un scrupulous Karl Marx, so individualists should allow their opponents a liberty and treat them with a charity that these Social ists deny others. Mr. Gregory need not have been in such a hurry, the Perth Chamber of Commerce need not have been in such a hurry. The Empire will hold together for a day or two, whatever Mr. Fisher said or Mr. Stead invented. If necessary, I am prepared to give my personal guarantee.-Yours, etc., Perth, July 28. ANACRAT. To the Editor. Sir,-Once more a writer under the nom-de plume of "Truth" has come forward. Truth has appeared under so many guises in the history of the world that one is weary of the many forms it assumes. The correspondent in the "West Australian" of July 28 has managed to conceal the truth and not to reveal it. He says crocks, etc., which cost £1 here could be obtained in England for 5s. That cannot be true, for the duty on that class of goods ij not excessive, and I am sure if he priced the goods at the big stores he could have got what he wanted as cheaply as in London. He refers to a piano; second hand pianos can be bought from £10 here, and new ones very reasonable. A good piano, English or Australian, is always an expensive item, and I don't think in either country can be had under £35. I allowed for house rent, as said previously, for just at this time rents have gone up considerably, but it is the same in all parts of the world when there is a sudden influx of population. A free lending library and purely free edu cation are needed, and certainly I concede to "Truth" that those two Items increase the cost of living. Butter, as I stated before, is the same price, and Australian is as good as Danish. "Truth" is wrong on the tea ques tion. In the first place tea is imported into this country free of duty; in England the duty is, as far as I remember, now reduced to 44. per lb.; it was 6d. some years ago. The duty must make a difference in price, and it is not at all likely under those cir cumstances English tea would be of the same quality as that which can be bought here for the same price. Tea sold by Lipton's at Id. per oz. in sealed packets, as your corre spondent states (although it was not so 15 years ago when we were with the firm) would probably be the ordinary Is. per lb., and re tailed out in pennyworths: the original cost of that tea to the firm would be probably 4d. per lb.; add to that 4d. duty, and an ad ditional 4d. for profit, and "Truth" will find that the "London poor" pay dearly, as I said before, for buying in small quantities. I did not suggest they were fools, as "Truth" seems to think, but only that they were vic tims of circumstances, and that buying in small quantities is no argument in favour of the reduced cost of 'iving. Sir Thomas Lipton did not get his millions by selling at a loss. The same argument applies to sugar, and what I referred to was the poor who bought half- pennyworths. .Sugar here is dearer, although by the dozen pounds crys talised sugar only cost dd. per lb. more than the ordinary beetroot loaf sugar in England. I think I said in my first letter the price of potatoes ranged from 6d. a stone to 2s. "Truth" has madly quoted 4d. per lb. I pre sume he refers to the present price of pota toes here, that is. as we all know, an abnor mal price, and may never occur again in the history of the State. That potatoes vary in England from 6d. to 2s. per stobe can be veri fied by the quote I gave from the Plymsouth markets in yesterday's "West Australian," and that was, new potatoes 3s. 6d. stone, anl I find throughout Devon and Cornwall, ilom which nearly all the first new season potatoes are grown and sent to the large towns (that is in addition to those from the islands of Jer sey and Guernsey, the prices during the week ending June 10, 1911, varied from 2s. to 4s. 8d. per stone, and is the price given by the market correspondent to the "WVestern Weekly News," published in Plymouth. All vegetables are dependent on the seasons, and market prices in all parts of the world where market produce is sold varies from week to week, and one can only judge by taking the whole year through and trying to buy in the cheapest market. I am afraid the English woman when she comes here at first sits at home and waits for the various tradespeople to call. The better thing for her to do would be to get out and look around Perth and see for herself, and throw off her insular prejudices. Fish being a perishable product, especi ally herring, pilchard, etc., may be sold at one price in the morning, and half the same price in the evening. They were in many towns in Cornwall, and very probably in London, because they would be bought by the hawkers, who had no means of getting them into cold storage, and they would have to be sold or rot. It is such opportunities as these that exist for the purchaser, but here, cold storage regulates the supply and the price, and prevenes such acciients as cheap fish. The milk question I referred to in my last letter. I certainly forgot the "haircut" and must apologise to "Truth," but I should sug gest to meet that necessary evil. "Truth" have a Home Mission box on his mantelpiece and put in 3d. a week towards the fund. The clothes question, as I stated before, or the cost of clothing, is a matter of individual taste. It is difficult to make the ordinary person discriminate between cost of living and standard of living. Cost of living is what the individual cares to make it; stan dard of living implies regulation in classes of houses, uniforms, and rations, whichn every body who earns a certain wage must fall into line with. At one time in English his tory a law was enacted which stated that only certain classes of clothing should be worn' by certain people. That law has been repealed, and a man may now wear ready made or tailor-made suits; he may wear cheap boots or expensive boots; he may have 3d. drinks or 6d. drinks; he may have is. haircuts or 6d. haircuts; noe may wear cheap straws or panamas. A woman may wear silks or cottons, pure woollen costumes, or a mixture of wool and cotton; she is allowed to have their gowns made by a tailor or a dressmaker; or she may make them herself. Cost of living can only be based on averages and not on extremes. Doctors' fees are often based on the status of the individual, and if "Truth" considers he has been overcharged on 'a maternity case, I would advise his wife to try a nursing home next time. They are used by thousands in this State, and they bear a wonderfully good name. "Truth" can buy in Perth cheaper than any price he has quoted, but as I am not an agent for any commercial house, I can only recom mend him and others like him to have a good look around into the highways and byways of Perth before he again rushes into print and declares he is a deluded man. I know it takes a long time to settle down in a new country, and I am pleased to know that he is not a grumbler. Perhaps in twelve months' time he may realise that my statements were fair.-Yours, etc., MARY A. JULEFI1, Hon. Sec., British Im migrants' Association. Smith's Chambers, Barrack-street, Perth, July 29. To the Editor. Sir,-I' have been interested in reading the letters published in the columns of the "West Australian" respecting the cost of living in England and in Western Australia. I beg to be allowed to corroborate the gene ral statement of Harold Watson. I am not in agreement with an argument which deals merely with single articles. The method of deciding (which appeals to me) is to take a general estimate. Below is a compara tive list which may serve the purpose to some extent, the first figures being the local and those in parentheses the English prices:-Bread, 7a. (54d.) large loaf; cheese, 10d. (7d.) per lb.; bacon, ls. 2d. (10d.) per lb.; butter, is. 3d. (is. 2d.) pet lb.; Itol brook's sauce, 10d. (7d.) per bottle; bath brick, 4d. (ld.) per block; cream starch, 7d. (4d.) per box; Golden Bar soap, Is. 3d. (91d.) per bar; moist sugar, 3d. (21d.) per lb. This is not by any means a complete list, but it will supply all that is needed here. I have not included jam, candles, and such neces sities as are not served here in Western Australia (proportionately speaking) as they are in England. House rent in England varies according to district.. I can quote house rent in" Cardiff (the town in which I lived) as low as 5s. 9d. for' a five-roomed house; in some of the best localities at 10s. for a six and seven roomed house. Com paring these with Western Australian ren tals, the question of deciding needs not to be begged. Then again there is firing. True, a large fire is not such a necessity in Western Australia as in England. A work man's bill for heating and cookin"-purposes in England does not exceed 2s. per week. The lady with whom I am residing, and from whose food bills I have secured prices of foodstuffs, etc., in Western Australia also informs me her firewood bill weekly averages 4s. 6d. I would like to deal with the case from another standpoint. Any person who has lived in England during the last five years, and been accustomed to read the newspaper daily, must have seen a stated average earned wage, one of these being £1 2s. Ed. per man. This is by no means the lowest that has been taken and published. The question I would ask is, could a man keep in dqcency a family of, say, three children on £1 2s. 8d. in Western Australia? I for one rather doubt it. I know families in Wales who are well clothed and fed and the husband of the family earning not more than £1 is. per week. Then there is an other side. If Mrs. Juleff's statement that living in Western Australia is as cheap as it is in England .be true, what impression would be made on the mind of the new chum-coming out here when he has to pay about £1 is. or £1 2s. 6d. for board and lodgings, when he has lived in England for 14s. per week. Perhaps Mrs. Juleff has not considered this phase of the statement. In conclusion, let me state Harold Watson did not strain his side of the case, and his statements on the cost of clothing are with.-. in the limit.-Yours, etc., W. T. HUDD. Subibco, July 27. 