MAINLY ABO UT PEOPLE. . 'FRANZISKA.' tlfT., James CoTEan,' P.M., magistrate «£ pic Perti!Ucal Court, left Perth to day on a business visit to Moora. He is expected bo return to the metropolis sext week. 'Contributors are ? again- reminded' fbat engagements, social notes, etc, Brest 'be signed before they can /be accepted. Several paragraphs are heia over from publication because they are not authenticated in this way. The many friends of Mr. A. Malone, ?f&cer; in charge of the Immigrants' -Home, James-street, will regret to learn' that owing to a severe nervous /breakdown he has been -compelled to 1 eirl£r the St. John of God Hospital, Snbiaco. ? , ' Mrs. Mathieson Jacoby returned by .the .Mongolia on Monday from a two ?tenths' visit to the Eastern States.'1 Mr. A. Wunderlich, president - of the Associated Chambers of Manufactures of Australia, has been appointed as sociate chairman oi all Chambers of Manufactures throughout the Com monwealth. # A conference of the State Chambers will be held in Sydney early next year. ' ' '7'Z '' Miss- Lena Ashwell, the well-known actress^1 at a' recent meeting iri'Lon-'* don, told a Etory of a curate in Solio, ?who 'was anxious that the child of a ^certain poor woman should be baptised. The mother protested that '-she had-iio clothes in which to dress the child to bring it to church, and the curate re-J piled that she' was to bring it w»taout ?any clothes if necessary. Next Sun day,-the mother brought her 'baby— in .E'tea-cosy. ^ ' 'The Missest Mann, of Adelaide, who have been spfnding a few weeks vrjtlt Mr. and Mrs. W. Pfw'and . Mann,' ol CottesJoe, continued their journey to England by the Mongolia on Monday. Mrs. irDermott, of Gwalia, and her ?daughter, are on la visit to Perth' ana 'ere staging at the Palace Hotel. ^ Mr. E ''Shepherd, of Borrkbupp, is staying .in Perth for a few days. ' Mrs. H. O. Irwin, of KalgoorHe, ^le,f t {witn tfer-two daughters yesterday for Adelaide in company with, her -sister Mrs.' Harvqy. Mrs. Irwin 1 intends ?placing her daughter at school in the ?Eastern States. -Mr. Watson Brown is 'on a visit* to Perth and is staying at the Palace tHote).. ! - ' \ Miss May Jay. the specialist in teaching lip-reading, has left ^1Sydney by ttie MS Zealandia, for London, via Canada, for a s-x months' holiday. Miss, Jay has been invited to' attend a special' conference of teachers of the deaJ in Liverpool. She intends, dur ing her return to Europe, to revisit the well-known schools both in England ifoi on the Continent. * - - ' u Mrs. JKim Forrest, who has been- an inmate of Nurse Anderson's hospital suffering from a severe illness, is sc far recovered that she has been able to-day to leave for 'Bunbury' on a visit to. her';- mother;. The.Jlev. J. S. Needham and Mrs. NeedhanV lpft» for theUast 'byy yestei HtW's mail boat. , ,l \- Maior'Charles Abram' Wilson, who died at lus residence, Paddington (N.S.W.), on' Monday week, was for many' years a lead'ing member of 'the United Ancient Ordi.r of Druidc, rof which, he held the position of- Grand Secretary for about U , years.* I5e was also a pioneer of the volunteer (corps, being a member of the 1st Regiment of JCew South Wales Rifles, formed in 1834, when Sir ChaVles Fitzroy was Governor. Iu 1860, when the regiment was. reorganised .under' thi title of the 1st Battalion Volunteer Rifles, he was given'a .commission as ensign, and early in the seventies was promoted captain. The conps -? was subsequently reorganised once more, aid became the 1st Australian Infan try Regiment., ? ' r~ - . - { The Rev. A. Gbrdc.i, president of the second ^.ustrajasian. Baptist Congress, has left Melbourne for the United Btates,1 to attend the Worlds Baptist Congress to be held at Philadelphia. . Mrs. Torx, widow of Mr/ John irTorr;, of Redrath, S A., celebrated her 97th birthday recently at the, resldence-of her youngest son. Dr. W. G.^Torr/at Brighton. Congratulatory *lettersv and telegrams were received from all parfs of 'the State. Mrs Torr has17 fully 1-09 descendants scattered all * over ' A.us tralla- , ^ni;,.. Sir George Reid published' a letter in the/'Tlmcj' recently paying tribute to the services to the counury of Mr Moberly Bell, the recently deceased managing director of the 'Times'.'^ The'' suicide by shooting lslannounc ed -from Philadelphia at Mr. Craig.'1 Llppincott, president of the'well-known publishing-house of the./J. B. Lippin, cott' Company Mi. Lippincott's father fouled the' business, ana* since -the fajRr's retirement in ,1886 he and 'his brother have been Its principal mana gers. ' One of London's memorable houses, that of Dr. Samuel Johnson, at * 17 Goug-h-square, Fleet-street, has been presented t ? the nation by Mr. Cecil Harmsworth. This house is one of ? a: number associated with bygone cele brities, which are distinguished by me. tnorial tablets erected by the Society' of Arts or the London County Coun eiL Sir John Quick arrived in Perth this morning on a short visit, and ''will ad dress1 i several meetings on ) the re ferenda, j \ Among the passengers travelling to Europe by the' Mongolia' are ;Mr. :and= Mrs. C. A. Kimpton, of Melbourne. Mr. Kimpton is. the vice-president ';of the Victorian Mill Owners' Associa tion, and prior to his- departure, he was much feted, by the leading grain .and flour brokers. J Madame Lalla Miranda, the/ prfana donna, is about to revisit 'Me^ou-me after an absence of several years.~She has been engaged for Quinlan's opera tour, to .open. in. Melbourne' iltf 'May next year with Offenbach's '^'ales of Hoffmann,' which ^as pioduced,. in London in May last year' byBeech Eiin's Opera Company.,' \ ' Prior to the departure ' for Ipngland dl Mr. C. Napier Hake, the $linisteY for Defence (Senator Pearce^ wrot3w to him, expressing appreciation 'of his services as chemical adviser Ito '- the Commonwealth,' a position he has now relinquished. ' ^ . , ,.ijMr. Kenneth Binns has been./ ap pointed cataloguer at' the Common wealth Parliamentary 'Library. 'Her lias been, junior- assistant Parliamentarian at the Fisher Library, Sydney. -!??' -* \- Air. Waldorf Astor, proprietor of the' 'Pall Mall,r Gazette,' has purchased the 'Observer,', the well-knoWn Lon aon weekly politlcal^publication. w,-i , i Mr.F. X. de Bavay left by the ^s- , terley yesterday on a vi.°it to, Mel bourne^* . - , ' r ' ' ^ r ' 4 *' v wv , On Wednesday evening last, '.on' the ave of his departure to Gerajdtoij, a re presentative gatheringr of teachersltas sembled at the Kalgoox-lie Ceniral School for the purpose of' saying fare ivell to Mr] A. T. Lasscock, whef,' for several years 'past, has held the posi-v Lion of head teacher of the SoJth Kal iroorlie School. Mr. Wardrop, the 3hairman1, -after reading apologies for the absence of several well-wishera :alled»upon Mr. Chandler, who, , -on be-' iialr of the headteachers of thei dis trict, referred tdMr. Lasccock's many 5ood qualities as a ''man, as a teacher, ?ind as honorary secretary of the Ath letic Association. He wes1' supported Dy,;Mr. Llewellyn, on behalf of the as-, sistant .teachers, and by Mr. Je,ffery, an behalf cf the cadet officers. ' Mr. Wm. Potts,* in a short speecn, endorsed Lhe opinions expressed, and, on^behalf 3f the teachers of Kalgoorlie and Boul 3er, presented Mr. Lasscock with a purse of sovereigns as a memento of the general esteem with which he is re garded. Mr. Lasscock feelingly re sponded, and the proceedings termin ated with the toast of his health^ The will of Mrs. Flora Mapdonald Moleswortn, of Mittagong, Grey-street, 3t. Kilda (Vic.),; was lodged for {pro bate recentl-. It was made on 'August 3, 1903, and by it personal estate of the ralue of.£30;9i|9 is left^to h'er^usband and sons.' v « 'The Sydney 'Bu'ietin' announces, the engagement of Miss Muilel Slatters to a well-known Adelaide Professor of Music.' ' '* /? ' ? * #? t-( * ?- ? 1 ^ 1 'After prolonged ' ill-hpaltfij' Rev. Robert R. Patori d'ed at h.s residence, Blackburn (Vic), recently at the5 age of 4i8 years. For fifteen years the late Mr! Pa ton, who was a son of thet lare Rev. Dr. J. G. Paton, and -was held itf high esteem by a large circie 'of friends, has been unaible to undertake a regular miriister'al charge, owing to ,his- ill— heaith. Hennas born at Adelaide, .and after being educated at Scotch College, , Melbourne, graduated at Ormoijd Col lege. H's first minister al charge was at Drouin. , slibsequently' he 'was in charge at ' Ba'!an until , h:s * health broke down. ' c ' I —'' ( r , Prince Knud, 'the eleven-year-old son of 'the Danish Crown Prinpe, re cently underwent an operation for ap pendicitis at -t private hospital, at Copenhagen, telegraphs a' Copenhagen correspondent. , ' ' J ' . 1 ' ? r'1 - 1 ? i . Sir Alfred Comyn Lyall. a' former Lieutenant-Governor of the North West Provinces of India, who^has written many valuable books onr'Asia. 'tic auestions, has died suddenly.^ . Sir Alfred Lyall was the guest of Lord. Tennyson at his* Isle of Wight' resi dence^ when he suddenly became x ill, and 'succumbed , shortly afterwarflsi ^ , ' ,'-v\\-{ 's ,?'-', /'_L_l ' ^ /.' i ' i V ' , ? ?-? ' Miss' Conway, of 'Wycona,' High gate Hill,- is'at 'present 'taldng'a shor't holidav with jjfriends^ at Moora. t '' .Mrs. W. K, Lamzed, of Moora, and Mrs. F. 'LangV, of Midland Junctio'n£ have left by the^sterley for a holJ-1 dayUii.the 'Eastern' States. ' „ '*''\ Amongst those who left for the east.( ern goldfields last evening were:-^ Messri. . HiH, Brougham, Xe 1, ' West ern. But'er, Jones,' Olennon, Murray. Xqrrjs, SBeacli.^' Alien,, Carnjicihaei, Simmis, -Richardson, .Burcher,1 r&nie-; ron. ? Cl'fford, Shallcross, J. E- Dodd,. ?M.L.C.J Hughes,..- Thymore, Watson/ ?Reade,, Hyder, Church, Marshall! Mos«, (/^ilkins, Evans, JFraser, Simons, M'D^ Holdsworth, Hill. Bradley, t SAttsum, O'jBri'en/'Johnston, Kearney, Fceeman, Holdsworth, Schrader, Broad. Jack. Braham, C. F. Scott, Mesdames Fraser, Dodd. Hughes, Wilkle, the Misses l^ur ness, Wilkie, Hair, and Lupton. A movement is on foot to make la presentation to Dr. R. N. 'Rock'ett, ' of Northam, who is about to go to* Eng land for six months' holiday. The pro ject has been taken 'up whole heartedly In Northam, where the doctor is very popular. The presentation will i be made on Thursday, April 27. . The wedding of Mr.- Maurice Edwards, of -York, and Miss Emily Morris, of 'Cottesloe,' wfll take ' place ' f next Saturday afternoon at St. Luke's Church, Cottesloe. , * I' ' - * ? 