AUSTRALIAN MEAT- \ QUESTION OF MARKETING. MR M'KENZIE CRTHOAD. By "BUNYIP." I should like some enterprising people in the butcher's meat business to im port a few carcases of the primest New Zealand mutton and lamb, put them alongside of a similar number of car cases of mutton and lamb from Victoria — or any other State — and see, as far as they can, which appears to (be the bet ter of the two lots. Then I should like 1 for a skilful cook, at any ordinary fire, to cook and set the joints under identi cal conditions. Then a body of experts, i myself included, would sit down and eat j of them. Of course, we would have to ; eat "blind," that is, not knowing what j was New Zealand meat and what was Australian. I make this proposal be cause Mr J. M. Elder, of Messrs John Cooke and Co., says the people (in Great Britain) liked the New Zealand proauct Because it is me oeiaex ui two. Tt may be; but many people in Australia would like to judge the matter for themselves. We should thus have a good lunch and a good object-lesson at one and the same time. There is another reason, and a better one. for this meat contest. Mr M'Kenzie, Minister for Lands; gave a great deal of attention to the marketing of Aus tralian meat when he was in the old country, and he was forced to the con clusion that tbe marketing was most unsatisfactory. This is a conclusion ; which lias often been reaehed in this journal. Australian meat is confes sedly sold as Argentine. When the Ar- i gen tine supplies run short, the "wbole- | salers" get hold 3f all the Australian meat they can, and sell it as Argen tine. When English mutton and lamb run short— as it chronically does — tbe butchers sell, both Argentine and Aus tralian as New Zealand or English, and J not one consumer in 10,000 knows or . cares about the difference. But the Australian producer knows and feels the differencp in the price which he gfetsfor his 'product,,- compared with tofeth that of Argentina and New Zea- nd. Ajad ,the difference is brought aboutby something which is a combi nation of bluff and fraud. When Mr M'Kenzie visited the Smith- < field Market, in London, he found that there was no Australian stall for the sale of Australian meat; ho " advertise1- | roent at all, in fact. Other countries had their names up in prominent letter ing, but Australia had none - — at least, up to the date of Mr M'Kenzie's visit, last. year. It may have one fey this, but the news has not been reported. The Premier is at . home and - ether mem bers (State and Federal) ; so they might have put up a stall fey this time, whilst waiting for the Coronation. Also, they might have created the necessary freez ing chamber. It seems a matter on : Whieh an explanation might" well be de- manded from the Agent-General. It is, perhaps, too small or too sordid a natter for the High Commissioner. Yet : Sir George Reid might deliver himself of some very funny things while dis cussing the mutton and lamb industry. I wonder if he does take care to buy it for his own dinner, or does he get it and pay New Zealand prices for it? For it is no use trying to increase pro duction at this end of the world, and improve the quality of the produce, if the markets and marketing ar rangements are in a state of chaos at the other. I have fre quently discussed the marketing of butter, and, from the evidence, it is clear that our Australian product, which fetches always some shillings less per ; cwt than Danish, is often retailed as be- ; ing the latter article. The reason for this complication about our meat seems to be in the combine that works the market. Australian meat, as such, is boycotted in the provinces. Mr M'Kenzie found that out. A butcher in a large way told him that if he ad vertised it for sale, certain powerful firms would start opposition shops and ruin him. He would be affecting their trade and their tricks. Six firms have this monopoly, and work what seems to be a fraud. What we want, then, is a stall at Smith field, and , a freezing chamber. And, if any firms will not boldly sell Australian meat as Australian, let us start shops on our own, and boldly announce by every legitimate form of advertisement that Australian meat is as good as any in the world — as I believe it is. I am quite opposed to the suggestion that the Australian State Governments should arrange for the whole question to be investigated by experts. If our Agents-General know their business — and we must assume that they do — they can meet any morn- ning and quickly settle the whole mat ter. They can find out the facts and suggest a practical method of reform. No doubt all the State Governments and the Federal as well, would adopt these suggestions and carry them out at joint cost. If the Agents-General are not competent to do this — and the wonder is that they have not done it years ago — then surely -it is a common sense pro posal that practical men should be sent in their stead to do the work they have neglected. It is an astonishing thing, at least to me, that Mr M'Kenzie, when in Eng land on his immigration mission, did not outline a scheme of his own. It is about a year ago since he was there, j and at this late date he comes out with his criticism. Well, better late j than never, as the prisoner said Who walked out of gaol after the door had tumbled, down from dry rot. It seems to me there is a good deal of dry rot — and other rot — about the whole mar keting arrangements, and the sooner they are altered the better. Of course, the producer pays tbe piper at this end, and the consumer at the other; and the leading misleading firms rake in the profit. And all the while Australia lqses a splendid advertisement. If is a curious spectacle to watch the Bri tish consumer at dinner enjoying his home- grown mutton (Australian), washed down with French Burgundy (grown in "Victoria or South Australia), and winding up with home-made cheese, (also Victorian) and Danish butter (made in the Western District). His coat is made of Australian wool; and that's all he knows of the country. Meanwhile, there is no stall for Aus tralian meat at Smithfield, and may not be for some time. 