From the Other Side of the world. SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, January 10. Further evidence regarding the stability of the Waratah has been given at the inquiry now being held in London into the loss of the vessel. The King will open Parliament on Feb* wary B.* The promoters of the Festival of Em pire in London have formed a club for tha purpose of entertaining the colonial troops attending the Coronation. In tbe billiard match of 8000 up between George Gray and Diggle at Liverpool the latest scores are: Gray, 1008; Diggle, 1417. During the Christmas holidays in St. Petersburg there were 27 suicides and at tempted suicides, 30 deaths from alcoholic poisoning, and 3000 arrests for drunken* ness. Commander Sims, of the United States navy, is to be reprimanded for his "indis creet public utterance" at the entertain* ment to American naval officers in Lon don, when he stated that if Great Bri tain were seriously menaced by an out side foe, Britons might count upon ever/ man, every dollar, and every drop of Mood of their kinsmen serosa the sea. The Prince of Monaco, a principality which has only 1400 native citizens, has* granted a Constitutional National Council, to be elected by universal suffrage. A butcher at Stanislaus, in Galicia, has been fatally injured by an explosion on his S remises, in pursuance of a threat to ynamite the butchers unless fresh meal was cheapened. Twelve persons were killed by so ex plosion in a powder factory in Argen tina. An Italian fisherman threw a bomb at a lodging house in San Francisco, and six of the inmates were injured. In giving evidence before, the Congres sional Corormttee Commander Peary said that he did not take any white men with him in his final dash for the North Pole because he wanted all the glory for him self. Forecasts published in the Canadian Press indicate that if tlhe reciprocity con gress between the United States, and Can ada does not reach an agreement on the krge questions it will on the smaller ones. The Chamber of Commerce building in C&noinnati; was destroyed by fire. The roof collapsed, and overwhelmed the firemen, several of whom are reported as dead or ****sßnjsg. The Reporter on the Naval Estimates in the French Chamber of Deputies states that ships (have been built nor defensive purposes when vessels tor offensive pur poses were required, and hence the fleet | is of little value, although it has cost as much as that of Germany. Five armed desperadoes entered a bank in Warsaw, and killed two of the clerks,, but failed to secure any booty. The worst storm experienced for years is reported as having occurred on the Canadian prairies. Tho weatiher ia very oold, and there have been heavy falls of snow. LONDON, January 11. It is officially stated in London that tbe report.of the intended resignation of Lord Dudley as Governor-General of Aus tralia is without foundation. The Board of Trade inquiry into the loss oi the steamer Waratah is still pro ceeding in London. In his billiard match with Diggle at Liverpool George Gray is now 4000, in cluding an unfinished break of 896, and Diggle 1681. ' I Many applications have been received in London respecting the proposed Common wealth woollen mill. The New South Wales and Victorian Governments have jointly chartered the steamer Rangatira, which will sail on Janu ary 20 with 1026 emigrants. Elaborate preparations are being made in connection with the Festival of Empire to be opened in London in May next, and an Imperial sports pageant is being arranged, which will include Australian end New Zealand scenes. Senhor Franco, the former dictator of » Portugal, has been expelled from tha country. The Dutch steamer Sindoro has gone ashore in the Sues Canal, which is con* aequently blocked. Five persons are reported to be missing \- ' in connection with the fire in the Cham ber of Commerce building in Cincinnati, -'end 20 were injured. Acting on a message from the Chinese Minister, the Chinamen in San Francisco will cut off their queues on January 30. An Italian banker in New York is "tnis*iing with the bank's funds, and the 3609 Italian depositors are frantic Tbe railway men in Portugal have gone out on strike for an eight hours day and an increase in wages, and no trains are now running. The shop hands in Lisbon have also struck for a twelve "hours day and Sunday, rest, and all the shops are closed. The police at Munich broke up a meet* ing of Anarchists, snd nude 22 arrests. A serious epidemic of foot and mouth disease has broken out among cattle Id Austria. The Young Men's Christian Association headquarters in New York announces that m the 2,000.000 dollars fund for the erection r cf association buildings in foreign lands is i practically complete. Twelve transcontinental trains on the Canadian Pacific line are held up in the Rocky Mountains through avalanches block* ing the tracks. The blizzard in Western Canada con tinues, and a temperature of 50deg. below zero has been recorded in some of the prairie cities. Senator Stephenson, of (Wisconsin, U.S.A., has been unseated on the grounds of bribery. Tbe Right Hon. Lewis Harcourt. Secre tary of State for the Colonies, has ex pressed to Sir John Taverner, the Victorian Agent-General, the pleasure of the Go vernment at learning that the Hon. John Murray, Premier of Victoria, will attend the Coronation. The Government is anxious to welcome as many Premiers as possible, and discuss with them questions affecting the various States. It is announced that Prince Fushimi will represent the Emperor of Japan rr| tho Coronation of King George V. in June next. Admiral Togo will represent the Japanese Navy, and Marshal Oyama the army. Mr. A. J. Balfour, the Unionist leader, replying to a correspondent, states that the development of the commercial treaty Bystero throughout the world has strength ened has conviction tihat Imperial pre ference is necessary. LONDON, January 12- At the inquiry into the loss of tho Waratah, one witness said the chief officer predicted'to him that, "the ship would be somebody's coffin." Another stated that tihe Warataih rolled consider ably, and was ''like a cork on the water. Mr. Winston Churchill and the Com missioner of Metropolitan Police have witnessed the testing of 30 types of auto matic pistols with a view to selecting tha most suitable for the police service, to be used when necessary. A great naval review will be held at Spithead in connection with ths Bang's Coronation. An abnormal gale has caused scores of wracks .along the British coatrts. with numerous fatalities. The wind detached ths coping from a tavern in London, killing a schoolmistress and injuring two other persons. The steamer Selby Abbey has gone ashore near the Hook of Holland, and lifeboats have rescued the passengers, but nine of the crew are still on board. The shops in Lisbon, which were closed in consequence of the shop assistants' strike, have been reopened, and a settle* ment of the railway strike is being nego tiated. Trains on the Union Pacific (Railway, in America, are to carry a permanent armed guard as a precaution against robbery. The American Congress has passed an appropriation of 6,000,000 dollars for the fortification of the Panama Canal. (Fifteen tons of Argentine meat has been eagerly purchased in Vienna at od. . to fld. per lb. A flood in the Vaal River at Stander ton, Transvaal, swept away twp hotea and other buildings. LONDON, January 13. During the debate on the vote for the Foreign Office in the French Chamber of Deputies, M. Pichon, Minister for Foreign , Affairs, stated that the understanding > with Great Britain was never closer than at tbe present time. There was not a .single question upon which tho two coun tries were not m complete accord, and both were striving to make pacific situa tions prevail. Nothing bad occurred in Europe to modify the alliances and friend ships of Fiance, and the entente with England would continue under King Georgo as under King Edward, whose memory would be ever dear to France. The pourparlers between Germany and Russia at Potudam with regurd to tlie Bagdad railway were tbe sequel to nego tiations which had been in progress since 1907\. M. Pichon added "that Herr yon Bethman-Hallweg, the German Imperial Chancellor, had summed up the result as a declaration that neither Germany nor Russia would enter into a corobina* tion whidh was conceived in a spirit of aggression against the other. The Tarkish Press publWhes acrimonious criticisms on the action of Germany, which is stated to be tantamount to the aban donment of Northern Persia to Russian designs. It is declared that Germany snd Russia have 'been reconciled at the expense of Persia and Turkey. Private members of the Canadian Legis lature have indignantly repudiated the attacks made by the English periodical "John Bull,** alleging that incoming immi grants in Western Canada were menaced by hardships, starvation, aad attacks by wolves. L.ONDON, January 14. Tbe British Government is bringing the question of the false marking of goods before a conference for the protection of individual property to be held at Wash ington. Harold Belcher, a theatrical agent, bos been awarded £200 damages from "Lloyd's Weekly" for alleged libel, the paper bavina used hie name for a character m a serial story. A mob in Bombay stoned tbe police and trilitary, and the troops fired a volley, whereupon the crowd instantly dispersed. On the occasion of the naval review at Sprtbead in connection with the Corona tion the fleet will be tbe most powerful that bas ever assenrbled. In tbe biffiard match e| Liverpool, George Gray defeated Diggle by 6000 points to 4394. The "AH British* shopping week in London, for tbe display and sale of goods produced within the Empire, has been fixed for tbe last week in Mardh. The London Chamber of Commerce Council bas adopted a resolution declaring that a naval loan is necessary to secure the efficiency of tbe fleet. The Duke of Connaught is to go to Canada in September next as the new Governor-General. In Vienna last year 405 men and 162 women committed suicide, and 499 men and 392 women attempted suicide. Travers, the general manager of the Farmers' Bank at Toronto, bas pleaded guilty to three charges of theft and mak ing false returns. The German - steamer Maria Russ foun dered in the North Sea, and 12 persons were drowned. Through a train collision on the New York Central railroad, six persons were killed and '18 injured. A virulent. outbreak of pneumonic plague has occurred in Manchuria, and there have been 1200 deaths at Harbin. A large reservoir at Huelva, in Spain, burst during the night, causing great dam age and loss of life. The railway strike in Portugal has ter minated, concessions having been made by the railway companies. It is reported in Berlin that the German- Australian Steamship Company is order ing 12 new steamers, at cost of £850,000. The "Daily Express** states that the de cision of the Danish Government to neglect the land defences of Denmark and spend £2,000,000 on coastal defences is the out come of hints received from Berlin. A remarkable surgical case has been re ported here. A lunitic in an asylum swal lowed 14 spoons, and with the assistance of the Rontgen rays an operation was per formed, and the spoons extracted from the man's stomv-h. Tbey weighed 2Jlb. The patient is now recovering. Six women jurors heard a ease at Seattle, in Washington State, in which a woman was accused of fraudulently tam pering with a gas meter. A woman at torney defended the accused, and won the case by pointing out the insufficiency of the evidence. M. de Haitalland, who bas been at* tached to the staff of the army balloon works, has made steady flights on his aeroplane, carrying passengers at Earn* borough and Laffan's Plain, in the pre sence of Government officials. Tbe aero plane and the motor are both his own invention. TAX9DON. January 15. English and Canadian capital is flowing in for the purchase of claims on the new goldfield at Porcupine Lake, ..on the borders of Hudson's Bay. Many veins of free gold are reported to have been dis covered, and the field is only 30 miles distant from a railroad. Jackie Clarke and Ernest Pye, Aus tralians, won tbe six days' bicycle race at Buffalo, New York State. They covered a distance of 1251 miles, or 30 miles over last year's record on the same track. The officials declare that the per formance of tbe winners has never been equalled under similar conditions. The keel-plates were laid yesterday of the two newest British battleships. King George V. and Centurion, which will have 25,000 tons displacement, engines*- of 27,000 horse-power, and a principal arma ment of 10 13»;.n. guns. An English army captain is reported to have won £200,000 at Monte Carlo. Owing to the expected failure of the Argentine maize crop, 3800 labourers have left Buenos Ayres for 'Europe since Christmas. Germany has assured Turkey that ths recent negotiations with Russia deal ex clusively with railway construction in Persia, and the junction of the Bagdad railway therewith. It is officially announced tbat the King and Queen will visit Calcutta next.winter. Tbe German Crown Prince, who is tour* ing India, witnessed a display of hill war i fare at Abbottabad. Elation is felt tbrooghont South Africa ' at the South African team having won t the third test match in Australia, and ' it is assumsd tbat on En-shah wickets the 1 South Africans would have a fair chanco even of winning the. triangular rubber. Several hundred tons of Argentine frozen [ meat sre in transit to Italy, I An international strike of seamen and | firemen at the Coronation period is being I organised, but tbe ship' owners do not con r sider the matter sufficiently serious to .take eny notice of. Italy has finally decided to add two 8 Dreadnoughts to tbe four previously ar* ' ranged for. 1 Since the outbreak of cholera in Madeira '* there have been 1646 cases and 535 deaths, but the epidemic has now subsided. ' A number of trains are snowed up in * Spain, and the passengers without food, I and at Pueblo de Garden an avalanche *** swept a locomotive and eight waggons into , tbe river. a Tbe gas workers on strike in Lisbon ' caused a series of explosions, which did V some damage. Tbe Hungarian Government loan bas *i been coloesally o-ver-robwribed, the appo d eatioos reaching a total of £«3,000,0W. T I mi 