DAIRY CONFERENCE. ! . ? LAJlOUIl plFFIOULTOT. DliiLV.N'Jja oF KMl'I/lYEES. 'JMie annuul conference of the Co-opera tive Dairy Factory Managers' Association was conUnueu; on Friday at the Jlotel Or and Central.; Mr, J, X*. Ivenny (Scone) presided! . . . /lttie greater portion of the morning ses sion was occupied in discussing the ad visability of appointing representation to the- Cold Storuge .and Jce manufacturers i Country) ' Board, . The question of com bating tho claims of tho iiural Workers ' Union aud" ihe Cold Storage and Ico .Em ployees' Union of Now South \Vules was ventilated at great leugth. . Air. C, E, I), Meares (Coastal Farmers Co-operative Society) outlined the de mands of tho two unions, and said that the employees had been organised for two years,» aijd it behoved the factory man agers and directors to look, to their inter ests.' \ ? ?'????' ?' . . ALr. \ J, )V; Simpson (Sandown Freezing Works), representing the employers on the ColtK Storage . and . Ice.' Manufacturers' (Country) Wages Board, said that the matter of representation on the board had been' under consideration for some time. -\fc a preliminary meeting, held o. few months ago, representatives attended from the country -butte^T factories, but since that date very lit'tle interest hud appar ently been taKeif in the matter by the managers. lie did not know if tnis was due to the majority of the managers be ing unaware of what was goiug on, but at the meeting it was pointed out that a re presentative should be .nominated to the board. It was, TibiveVer;" ultimately de-. cidod by" Judge Tieydan that the constitu tion of the, board should-; consist of a chairman and one representative on each side. The result was'that Mr. Hubert O'lteilly^ barrister-at-lnwy was appointed chairman, Mr. >V» VI. Stretch employees' representative, and himself as employers' representative, During the discussion that followed, it was stated that. tho reason the butter fac tories were not represented as a body was s because it was not thought that the demands of the union'would apply to the country factories. . " Mr. George Seuirl (Dungog) sivid that in view of thetfact that the association had lost its chance of getting representation on thy board/ the best thing, to do was to ask Air. Simpson. to represent their inter ests, and give him all the necessary iufor mation. Air. J. Searl (Singleton) : Ignorance in the matter might not be regarded as a legitimate plea. Air., Simpson said it was urgent that some action should be taken. The rate of wages demanded by the union was £2 a weeK for a yard hund, £2 2s for an out side hand, ami £2 8s for an inside em ployee in tho freezing works. If the worki was nuule interchangeable the highest wage* would have to he paid that the employee was entitled to under tho award. Tho fac tories had heard about the matter jn an indirect manner, -and probably that was the reason why no action hud yet been taken. Mr. White (l)cnluun) : Under ( which union will we come ? Air. Simpson : The lino of demarcation is not very finely drawn in the unions, and which body will be stronger I do not know. It is really a question of llnance with them. liinployers should map out a certain course of action, amd witnesses could be called to prescribed centres, or they could, perhaps, arrange to come to Sydney. It is necessary that you should \- have somebody to watch the case. (You cannot take a too serious view of the situation, because you uro lighting a well organised body, of men. Air. C. 15. 1). Meares : Two things are wanted; ono is money and the other local representation. Air. White : We should appoint a repre sentative and a sub-committee to snow why we should be exemp.t from the cold storage award. I think if the matter was put clearly before tho President of v. the Court he would see his way to m^kersomc arrangement to meet our case. . 1* mdVe that Air. Simpson be uppolnted our' itayre sentatlve on the metropolitan honrdj And that we also secure tho asslstancc^-ftC . a lawyer. t. V*t .. Air. Ucorge Henri seconded, and tho mo tion was* carried. It was decided to give Air. Simpson every assistance and nsk for representation on the board. A sub-committee was appointed to deal with the matter, and the State was divi ded into districts to more effectively cater for the whole of the interests of the in dustry. The sub-committee was as fol lows.:-Messrs, .John Searl (Hunter Kiver), 0\. IS. J). Mear«s (South Coast), A. 12. .Sweaney (north-western "district), A. O. Smith (New England), K. Must (southern), Sir. .1. Howard (western), and Air. J. Kvuns (North Coast). It was decided to levy a subscription of 3s per member. TKOUBIjES OF THIS *\UW1SU. Mr. II. Colloy (Jamberoo) dealt with what he termod the "Activities und Ag gressiveness of I^vbour," which, ho sulci, .hud brought about an uccute state of af fairs. Whatever the effects of tho move ment might be on Iho dairy farmer, it must have a reile.v on the staff of a fac tory. 'llic outcome was that it was neces sary to form a union of farmers to pro tect their interests. .'Jfais was forced i^pon .them. It was not a matter of choice, but .tho most feasible method of resisting the aggression. Tho farmer had quite enough difficulties to face without tho position being accentuated by labour faddists-he used .the Word "faddist" advisedly, recog nisifig that all labour had its worth, and that 'the man who toiled was worthy of consideration. Hut to demand for one class of workers-as Labour was 'doinj a set of conditions and a rate of re muneration that the ^industry manifestly could not bear - showed a grasping . and .domineering nature that must eventually defeat its own ends. As a matter of fact, the trouble arose more from the .originating of agitators than a genuine discontent, at the conditions of those who were drawn into the movement. . "When, this is so," 'demanded Air. Col ley, "aro: furmers to sit down quietly and allow these demands to come into force by the simple fault of non-resistance ? J very much misjudge farmer! if this is so; if they are going to allow themselves to ho trampled underfoot and out of existence. What' is the etTect alreudy ? J^abour Is fully aware that duirymen ore undersup \- plied with help, and, instead of welcoming any efforts "in the direction of immigration they denounce it, and demand higher pay. Their cry is eight hours! work, eight hours' sleep, eight hours' recreation, and eight bob a day/ And the eight hours' work nt that is only haif-heartod-vastly. different from what a navvy docs with a ganger over hlin. . VWnat is the remedy?-A liberal immi gration policy, whoreljy, instead of a few hundreds of people -being landed each month, they will come in thousands to New South Wales; and the country can .absorb them an it wants popu\ation. One of the objects of a Farmers' Union must be to give voice and influence to a movc ment to bring about a large influx of im migrants. Another remedy, or allevia tion of tho acute position, is to he found in the installation of every possible mech-' anical labour-saving appliance. I trust the members of this conference will study their interests and advocate a union for farmers. There is ample evidence that the union will h(* a very large thing, spread all over the State, wherever dairymen are found to he sufficiently alive to see the ad vantages to he gained by concerted ac tion." DAIItY FUMIGATION. Air. AI. A. O'Oallaghnn, dairy expert, gave an address on education in the indus try. They would all realise, said Air. O'Cal Ingrhan, that without education they could oot get knowledge.' This applied to the dairying industry just as much as in other I wuIks of lifo. Thero were people in Aus tralia -30 years a"go . who then held that further knowledge of the induatry was not required; ami to-day some people held;the some opinion. If such opinions had been allowi'd to domlnuto, where would the in dustry lie to-day V I'liueation; hajl done much lor dairying in New* South Wales, uut there was plenty of-room: Jor improve ment. It was necessary that tile highest stuiul.iril of perfection stiuuid be attained. , 'i he two countries that had made . the greatest progress were - Ireland and Den mark. At one time Ireland wis the only country that exported butter. Groat at tention was given to education even 50 years ago, when there wero soverul schools ill Existence. It was not so very long ago that Denmark knew, nothing oJjout dairying; but they soon put. their house In order. The Danes sont representatives to Ireland-to learn. '.This-was about 23,ori 24 years ago. ' -The result was that thoy now illd on enormous" export trade. .These, two countries now. stood foremost in co operative organisation in the world, Ire land had fallen back; but still .the fact re mained that it was in the forefront. New South Wales was making,fine progress, but not in all branches of the agricultural in dustry, while in Donmark and Ireland the. progress had Ijoen made consistently in all departments. The Danish co-operative so cieties had made great strides. , They'had not less than ,1157 co-operatlvc dairies, with 157,000 members;' 84 bacon-curing establishments, with 05,000 members ; 15 agricultural requirements societies,) with 70,000 members; 1200 cattle- breeding as sociations, with 31,800 members; and 2ij3 herd-testing associations, w^th 12,000 members. . It should4. bo the ambition of factory managers to place themselves in a position to .supply information to suppliers. In the principal cities <oI Australia there wero plenty of mining schools,..but vorv taw tor dr-lryinen. The question naturally krone, Are wo making the progress that we should in this industry? , Why was tho butter of one factory superior to that of another V .Was it not due to the greater knowledge of tho manager, nil other things being equal V Tho farmer sujjply ing inferior cream might be doing his best, according to the extent of his know ledge. Tho products of the dairy were liable to great change, and consequently tho farmer should have suillclent know ledge to be able to copo with the condi tions and prevent tho cream, being unj necessarily damaged; lie thought that, one really elllcient school would bo ample for tho whole of tho Commonwealth. A curriculum extonding over two years wiis not, in his opinion, sufficient. .lie thought that three yeurs should he tho minimum, of which one year should bo spent in an up-to-date commercial factory, prior to tho final examination being >passed. Mr. P. A. Scarr (Uayinond Terrace) asked if bacterial faults in tho butters re cently submitted for examination at tho competition would not have been improved if pasteurisation had been used. Mr. O'Oallaghun : There is no question about that if tho cream had been pasteur ised at an early stage. Sir. Scarr : is there any ovldenco from the statistics at your disposal that tho quuntit.v of second-class butter has de creased J ? ! I I I'M '» Air. O'Oallaglian : This year s statistics are not vet up to date. I^ost year there was a 'decrease. The quantity of good butter rciwlo this year will be much larger than in the provious year. .Mr. T. -Hammond (Tnmworth) : It appears that tho infection of cream takes place from the nir after it has been separ ated; The following wero elected olfice-bearers for the ensuing year President, Mr. .1. Seurl (Singleton); vice-presidents. Messrs.' .1. C.\ (I rnii a in (Albion Park), and Mr. pi. M'Veigli (Uecn); secretary und treasurer, Mr. A. B. Sweaney; committee, Messrs. floorT Searl (I)ungog), '.!. P. Kenny (Scone), ,r. S. Vlndon (Bowthorno), K. !.. Hast (Argyle), "J. Slmos (Kyogle), P. A. Scarr (Havmond Terrace), nnd P. T)unlop (Ulnmrra); auditors, Messrs. Priestly, Larcombe, and Morris. federation suoobsted. .Mr. Land (N.Z.) referred to the labour conditions in Now Zealand, and pointed out that u small advisory committee was appointed in each district, w^'ohu business was to advise the secretary of' tho Em ployers' Association what to put before the Arbitration Uourt. That system had been found toiWork very satisfactorily. Ho suggested that the association should in augurate a system of winter shows, which, in Ills opinion, would be a great success. Mr. Kenton, M.I'., hoped, that the as sociation would agree oh some basis \>l federation. Tie was sure it would result In great benefit to the industry. -Mr. 1 juf said that the milking machine hail come to stay. Wlien properly han dled the machine gave better results than the ordinary run of hnnd^milking. Mr. Wilson (Vic.) said that the experi ments had been carried out in his district with tho machines, and the results showed that there was little difference' in tho ef fects between haml-mllking and the mac hines wlhen the machines were handed by men with brains. Mr. A. 10. Sweuney moved,-"That the members of this conference consider and discuss the present method of fixing the price of butter on the local market. ' He said that the matter concerned then; all. .Mr. Lawlor seconded the motion. 'I he chairman did not think that any two co-operative societies-should lie allow ed to fix the market price of butter. Tho smaller factories In the State should have representatives on tho Council when,such nn important matter was under considcrai tion. Mr. M'Nolgli said that the question, was one that should be considered I>y the direc tors, and therefore they should be- very careful what they did. Mr. Fredericks also held the view that tile question was outside tho scope of dairy managers, and said they all knew that the city agents- fixed the prices. A voice : And we tuke what they give us. Mr. IManchlield sold he did not think that, was any place to grind an axe. .Mr. Young was of opinion that the price hail been well managed by the Sydney agents, anil he did not see any necessity for making nn alteration. Mr. Sweeney said he only brought, tlio motion forward to give the conference an I opportunity of stating whether it tleslred nn alteration In the present method. 'Per sonally he was quite satisfied with the wav the business was.managed. , The chairman said that the Berrimn Company had asked several times to be allowed'to sit/fin tho board, but their re quest had been refused. Tie did not see nnv legitimate reason whv they should not. have ii voice in the matter.* Tnr motion WIIS nogattvpu. -"S.-Jf. Iter iiHl. 