FEW5 IN BRIEF. Shipping feights are firm. Spelter stands ali £23 2s eld. Pig iron is quoted at 48s lid. Blradlord wool inarket is firn. British CoIsols stand at. £80 2s O9 Cheese is dull on the London market Lead is quoted at from £12 18s ld to £1:3. Silver is quoted at 1s 1t 15-10d pen ounce standard. " King George granted an audience to ProfesSor David. lBing George reviews the IBoy Scouts aJ Windsor on July 4. Mir. Churchill la.s promised a coal mines regulation bill. The Lentel pastoral has been issued by Arohbishop D elany. HTsi pa!iau! securities on thec London market ovra imuohangmed. Country districts generally report bet ter harvesting weather. Open markect rate for three months' bills is 2 15-1I per cant. $itssian troops aro re-occupying the Ii region, in Chinese Mongolia. Tihe Girls' Industrial School ihas a credit: hoalnee of pyer £100. ?hr. COhamp Clark main?tains that his sapeecl was largely facetious. 'Pin priers: Dpot, £100 to :£191; pun lopig-di40tse, 418S ,to £188 10s. Colonial butter is quiet, and prices un uhanged on the London market. Aiqerican visible supply of wheat la estimated a.i; 73,770,000 bushels. Thirty accidents occurred on the W\st crn hRailway in France in 75i days. Sir Wilfrid Laurier still declines to take Mr. Champ Clark's remarks seriously. Cargoes of wheat are inactive in airope, oawing to the pressure to sell. Thirty cases of plague occurred in the Kirgldz Steppe.s, and all proved- fatal. 3BrFish Government is unable to ex tend the present commutation of army pensions. Sir. Knott, by. ,the robbery at the Com nionwealtlt Coffee Palace, Taanar-streetI lost £30. Lord Morley declares that British Go vermuent will not yield in regard to the White Sea. Miss Dolly Castles celebrated her birth day by entertaining 200 Boy Scouts in Drury-laue. Eight hundred shops throughout Great Britain are specially displaying New Zea. land butter. Australian wheat sold in London at from 34s 3d to 34s, and spot at from 3(i !ld to 37s 3d. One British firm secured orders for £100.000 worth of goods at the Argen. tinie Exhibition. 'lihe Victoria Museum and Art Gallery are to be closed for a few days for re. Inovating purposes, Notorious Sicilian brigand. Ballo, has been arrested. lie is accused of com mitting tenn.murders. The whole front page of the "Daily Mtail" is given to an advertisement of SNew Zealand butter. The Mayor mnade an expla.ation yes tI rdhry as to the new scale of wages fol 'c?'.toration employee.?. SMiss Mlanton is paying T'asniaiia a visil lo ,ake an appeal on behalf of the BSr. wood Boys' Ilome, Victoria. Valuable bequests to the Girls' Indus trial School have placed. the institution in a sound filancial position. Frenichi 8eate has adopted a bill con corning exchange of postal orders be tweeun France-and New Zealand. Copper qusotktions:-Spot, £54 los 3d to £55 Is 3d; d ong-dated, £55 103 to ,La55 15S; and electrolyiec, £57 5s. Mr. Haldane suggests that the colonial Governments should forego requiring deposits fronm soldier immigrants. Fourteen British Dreadnought dry or floating docks are available in tie North Sea, while Germany has only eight. Flour is quiet in London and Glasgoir, Australian p-atents being quoted, spot at 35s, and February and March 23s ld. In the railway smlasll at Courville, in France. was a wedding party of eleven. Eight, including the bride, were killed. The "Daily News" declares that Mr. Taft's repudiation reduces Mr Champ Clark's observation to absurd rhetoric. First Lord of Admiralty declares there are 22 dry and floating Dreadnought docks built or building in Great Britain. Danish butter is lirm on the London market, owing to the better Continental demand, the price ranging from 121s to 123s. So far as he was concerned, the Mayor said yosterday that lie had no objection to the corporation workmen forming a union. De Lacy and Patchenko have been found guilty of murder at St. Peters burg. Platchenko under extenuating cir cumstances. Pioneers formed the centre of attrae .tion in tin stocks on the Launceston Stock Exchange yteiterday, and sales were effected at 25s Gd. KRev. J. T. Piercey is Lhaving a rest from Ihis miseionary labour.s in Victoria.. and is now on a: visit lo this st.te. 3Mrs. Piercey accompanies him. One of the results of the reciprocity agreement will, says the "Pall Mall Ga zette'," e the wiping out of the British .Colunbian fruit, industry. Besides the lisheries in the White l Sea problem, there are involved broad nation a! interests, which, Lord Morley says, might prove serious in war time. Polling for the Cambridge University segait in tihe Ilouse ol Commons:--lrr nor (oilicial Uniotnist). 2308; Cox (Ind. L.). 1954; and P'age (hd. U.), 332. Iliiitishi section in the Argentine Exhlibi tion cost £14.00(1, and British exhibi tors booked orders for £2.500,000 worth if i machiniery. igricultural implements, Elrolcai u "iLIhea t laurkotbs 'have been inactive, but tIhere won considerable ac ,t irity on lthe London market on TIhurs day. sales being ,effctetd for covering Creident o[ tlhe Local Government t does inot intend so take action regarding r the inmportation into England of Chinese hair, a- the plague germ requires a li. ing body. 1r. Tai f desitres knowni abroad that Ihe United States Admiiistraltion has ato thotught of nunexing Canada. He con siders Mrr. Chmnp Clnrk's remarks as un fortunate. flTe P.M1. gave 'dis aerved judgment in lithe slaughtecring case, city council v. AI bcsrt A. Kyec, at the Police Court yes terd:Uy. Klaye wat found guilty and ied £2C 105 and cosls, in default one \- Mr. Dennett, aI New York Iepuhucan, submihited a resolution in the House of ti;presenta-tives, at. Washington, request ing tie P'resident to.negotiate with Great Britain. loinking to the annexation of Canida. Th.e fourth test ialtch ,was commenceo s at Melbourne ySsterday, tho wicket 'e it igi ilrfavour of the bowlers. SoutB n Africa won the toss, and put Australia Sin. Trumper and Hill were dismissed . cheaply) , the dormer making 7 runs,a'. a ': A~O1tlattealk 