fhe Passing Show, j I'.V KiNOTUS. J ,\ r \i:i.K(.li.\M I'll Mil Lolllloil givoS US tllO I infiiniKitiiiii thiit Uio Duke of Fife, the I - 1 1 1- » ? ill' Argyle, Lord Strathcona. several ' lii-liups. Mr. Ramsey Maedonald. and Oien rivl Ui K it 1 1 have issued a ' Public Morals Manifesto.' dealing with the bii'tlimte and pernicious literature, and urging education in regard to tlie duties of parenthood. This -nit ol wailing wowserism it only to lie ex pected li'Din bishops, and dukes who are clcscly related to royalty, and who therefore have to make sure that their ' public 'mo- rality ' is watertight, in order that their leaky '' private morality ' may not be ob served of the multitude. It is nlso tint busi ness and stuck', iiv trade 'of General Booth. tin1, accomplished sweater of unemployed skilled workers; but Mr. Ramsey Macdon ald! What arc his f|iialilications for pro , nouncing on ' Public Morals '? from the Salvation Army .point of view? Is be not some days of the week an International So cialist; and did lie not pose last year, in the columns of a. Danish Socialist paper, as 'one of tlie leading Social Democrats of .England?' Now Social Democrats' know and teach that morals arc conditioned by economic conditions and economic pressure. _/riie wealthy and the privileged make the 'laws of England, and by law it is forbidden J i ? I. .,.t,.iiftf'ljt.ill\\- I I 1 -?( t I J lit f I f t f ? 1 if nt-ll I I11-A It. I Lv'tU'H .OVJ'IV.I I Ui I tWtl I,V III CUIUI I VI I l\J II tUl 1 1 III! \i the knowledge' that is necessary for: con scious, evolved parenthood. Dr. Foorster in (iennany. ami Haveloek Ellis in Hug land, have done their best to teach seientilic ally ' the duties of paienthuod,' but their i looks are on the index of the prigs and puritan.- who help Mr. Maedoiiald to rule tin- destinies of England. In Germany Dr. Fi.er.-ter's hook is in the hands of all young people: and if we were wise we Would place in the hands of our English speaking young * men and women Havclock HI I is/ works ' Man and Woman. '' and the last volume ? -f his ''Sex in relation to Society.' It is iiwt interfering wowsers of the type of Ram sey Macdoiiald and 'nis noble and reverend ln'timali's, but scientists and Socialists who will influence lor real ami lasting good, both liublic. and private morals. Nietzsche tells us that the secret ol' a joy ful life is to ' live dangerously '—and this would appear to be the sort of life which the Labor .Ministry of this State prefers. Its hi. Id on ollice is not so linn th.it its mem bers can alTord to scullle and fight in the eve of the public; and if there are differ ences of opinion in the Cabinet it is surely wiser to have the weekly wash of dirty linen done ' at home' than fu allow the Minis terial soiled linen to llutlor in a too harsh and gusty wind. Mr. Grillitlis' offence in slating to '? deputation his difference of opinion on the subject of free ferries, does not certainly appear to have been of so deep ?i dye ar, to justify the public casttgation he received at the hands of the Acting Premier; and the suggestion that '-there would not be uiy dilliulty in finding another Minister for Works who would administer the de partment with the same degree of ability, and possibly with more loyalty, suggests that the friction in the Uaiunet is oi a mini: serious nature than that involved m the question of free ferries The Minister tor ? Works professes astonishment at Mr. Wol imiu's outbreak. The organised worUcvs have not yet expressed astonishment at Mr. Hulniiuvs opportunist program ol relorms. 'There may be a State general election be fore next annual conference,' writes Mr. Arthur Rae, in the Worker of Junu I . Am it may he that -Mr. Grilliths is being used as tlie Cabinet disrupter, whose action is k eventually to cleanse the party of those re calcitrants who defied the caucus, and- op no e,l the Referenda. ' ? ' - I ntil we gel production for use instead of for prolit the shoals of valuable fish which visit our shores during these winter months will not increase our food supply. The hauls of whiting jowfish. black bream, llathead and trovolly were last week very large ; but the lish ring,' which fixes, prices, rules that the consumer pay*; the same price as if fish were scarce. On the continent iff Europe the fish is sold in the markets from huge salt water tanks in which the live fish swim about; and the housewife chooses and carries away what will suit the requirements of her family. Every Borough in Sydney should have a covered market for poultry, lish, vegetables. .mil butter, and in a climate like this all fish should be sold alive. 'The International Seamen's Committee has posted notices at all the wharves at An twerp advising the members to look out for the strike signal. In anticipation of rioting the Belgian .Government is preparing to send (iOUO gendarmes to the waterside to support the harbor police,' That's the way it's al ways done. The capitalist govornmentsaro great at ' anticipating rioting.' wherever there is a strike on hand. Ft is not likely that (-000 gendarmes, besides the harbor po lice, will fail to incite the men to some breach' of tlie peacj, and then the usual slaughter of workers will begin. But Belgian Socialists are well organised, and the 'Parti Ouvrier,' or workers' party, has. through the Social ist co- operatives., educated {lie people to wards revolution :!!$S& the 'ityike^niatorial ises, we may ex pec&l;&vulopni;(m££: (hi May 27. a batch of 10-- immigrants, landed in Sydney from the Pakeha. and im mediately accepted billets that were waiting for them. A large number left for Queens land the same night. Ft is stated that all these men are competent workers. They wore picked from 1 000 applicants. Seventy^ of them are skilled laborers. Later, by 'Hie' Norseman. -I.S7 more immigrants, of whom 210 were children; landed in this 'working man's paradise!' Ft is to be hoped that they read theartiele in the Sydney DnilyTrlc ijrrijili of May 2fi, describing how W. A. Hiekard and Co.. 'advertised for -1 1 general laborers, and before noon had several hun dred applicants. When the oflice opened at nine o'clock, there were dozens waiting, and the number increasing rapidly, they ran over the premises inside, and jammed the door outside. Judging the men as a whole, they were of the average hardworking type, and were mostly eager t'- accept the offer of Ns a day.' There is no satisfying some people, and the capitalists evidently think then1 should be a few hundreds more eager I'm- a job at Ss a day! ? -^ Writing on the question of 'the empty cradle.' a 'Mother of Four,'' puts thceaso excellently fur tin: average working-class ? Iher. 'Sin- says: 'Take, for example, the man earning C:'-'a week. With the higb cost of living, by the time the increased uoiise rent, insurance, gas bills. :. nil household ex penses are paid, and four children dressed, fed, and clothed, what have we left ? I be came lately the mother of a fourth child, and I think I have had enough to convince me there is not much in mothers and fathers of lo-day going in for large families. For if ever it was the case again I would have to prepare to have my purse littod for expenses two or three years before. It would cer tainly take one that long to be able, to save sulHoient to pay the cost of the household expenses, doctors, nurses, and a woman to take responsibility of mothering the other children, while the wife is doing her duty to the new born. Imagine paying £l a week for a woman to help in the home at such a time. Again, look at the duty on the necessaries required for the new-born : extortionate prices for feeding-bottles and sueh-like. Why' should that be when we are expected to increase instead of decreas ing the population ? In one of my experi ences of house-hunting 1 was asked by the a'ent how many children L' had.' I wo, ? was the reply . -' ' 1 '« then ; less with no chil= dren '' r was at once told. Such dilhcult.es facing us as these, can one wonder at the decrease ? ' ' There is no remedy tor this nit socialising the means of production Pnd dis tribution; then no Dreadnoughts or Small arms factories will bo required, and we can turn our attention to the art ol nurturing ife instead of to the art ot destroy ing hie Women especially should study the&ociahst; interpretation from that aspect. . ?? ? Keep your eyes on New Guinea.. The parsons and the politicians have a game on there, and by degrees they will show their hand. Cocfia nut oil and rubber are the two sporting investments just now, the for- ! mer being in great demand for the making i of soap,' and tin; hitter for motor tyros, etc. The climate and soil of New (iuinea will ! grow cocoa iuit pain s and rubber trees; but what 'about cheap labor, the other' desidera tum ? Hen; the parson, the trader, and the politician come in. Listen to the Right. Rev. Dr. Sharp. Anglican .Bishop of New (.luinea: 'The planters complain that they cannot secure sullicient labor. . . . There is' no compulsion with regard to labor, and the natives can work if they choose, or if they prefer to live as they have done in the pastthey arc -juite free to do so. . . Their parents have never worked, and they do not see w!\y the .-limild. I think that when the older genera .ion dies out, and its influence disappears, the natives will seek work in larger luunhers.' But the sting of the reverend gentleman's remarks is hi ihc tail. Ft appears that the natives sign mi for 1:- months with the planters, and gel -?£(? at the completion of their year's work! But to these unsophis ticated, children of nature, who have not yet developed artificial wants, this money is not of .so much value as are village life, and sunshine and shade, and leisure, such as their parents have always enjoyed. There fore, aiPds the Uev. Sharp, 'They spjnd their money on tl-.ings that are not of per manent value to them. Ff they could spend the money in their own districts, which jthey cannot do. as there are no stores. 1 :tli!ink .muro'of them would go to work. . . . Tfisbnie way could be devised by which they could spend their money in their own vil .lages. there certainly would be much lietter prospects/or the local labor market.' That's 7the;rishi's»^tAVf^k-;li- Uiat-.S:liowJ|ie.J)liw.3.-, ings of empire are spread! Wallciip, walk' up, gentlemen! with your consignments of Bibles, gin, cheap rifles, and 'condemned' provisions. A store in every village in New (iuinea; and every -£(i representing the 12 months' work of a native is yours! You will be under the patronage of the Church, and will have earned the everlasting grati tude of the planter;. Walk up, walk up. gentlemen, and don't forget the Bibles! ? ? ? j We know how the South African Govern ment managed the little problem of forcing the indolent natives to work. Something had to he dons in a hurry, because the I/ib e/als having come in on tlie lying cry of 'Down with Chinese slavery,' cheap labor, to take the place of the Chinese, had to ho found somewhere. A ' hut tax ' was im posed by law on every humpy or hut inhab ited by a native and his family; and — firal touch of genius — the hut tax hud I' In; paid in ijold. So the merry game between the parsons and the traders and the politicians goes on, and will go on till the workers of the world unite to stop it. 'The men and women who produce the wealth of the country must be protected as regards their labor, their health, their hous ing, their children, and everything else ne cessary for a civilised nation, such as Aus tralia should be. ' ' After throwing this fine sounding sentence to the workers, Andrew Fisher, the Chief Protector of Labor, with some twenty others, proceeded to rob the men and women of a considerable sum to finance a trip to the coronation corroboree. Save us from our friends — the politicians. The Hrilivh Weekly (Liberal) recently pro tested against the wholesale appointment, of Tory magistrates, and asserted that Loid Loreburn, Lord Chancellor, ' is incompar ably the worst and most dangerous enemy the Government possesses.' When tackled in the House of Commons by Liberal mem bers, on the subject, Mr. Asquith, Prime Minister, said that it would be premature to discuss the question until the country had had a better opportunity of judging the working of the advisory com mittee. And with that dark saying the Liberals and Laborites had to solace them selves. Secretly, they know amongst them selves, as intelligent outsiders do, that the Fjib eral Government is Tory at heart and is hand and glove with members on the front oppo-' sition benches. Capitalistic government,, is like its morals and religion, a fraud. .. Tiik I xtkhnatioxa i. Socialist of Juno 2-\ will offei; to all subscribers and readers an inset group portrait of our comrades H. 10. Holland,- I). B. Montefiore, and A. Craw ford. The photograph was taken the diy of our Comrade Crawford's departure for the United States, and was intended as a symbol of the international solidarity of the Social ist propaganda and .tlie.\,S.ocialist' press. The temporary illness of our editor, comrade II. T-C_ Holland, has been tlie means of teaching an object lesson in that solidarity. A woman ' comrade from anothor;.lanrty''Jbut who pos sesses the same .Marxian-iinterpretation as does our Australian coinra'de,' is able tem porarily to undertake the editorial duties ; and propaganda through the press continues uninterruptedly. Our comrade Crawford, editor of the South African Voice of Labor, is interpreting by h'is articles in that Social ist organ, how the organised workers in Aus. tralia are being coerced and tricked by; a 'Labor' Government; and he is sending a-jross the ocean the reiterated message that work ingmen must place their faith in no politician, but must continue the class strug gle on the lines of EDUCATION TOWARDS REVOLUTFON. An extra number of copies of the issue of Tiik T.XTKitN.moNAi, Socialist of June ..24tli will lie printed, and can be purchased throughout the month.-. of June. Ten 'copies, including ten copies of the photograph, will be sent post free for one shilling. Comrades, send along your money orders. Mr. Lloyd George's insurance scheme against unemployment and sickness looks more silly each day. Sidney Webb says : 'Free insurance does not prevent fires — some people think it increases them,' and he went on to say : — ' But sickness meant groat waste. If we could diminish the days of sickness suffered by all the people by one day in a year it would mean £(i,CKK),000 added to the national wealth, for that was what a'-day's-productiojuheaht.'^ Again, the addition of five years to the working life of' the people would mean the addition of £200,000.000 a year to the national re sources ? Vgain, the existence of ?ioO.000 persons out of work meant a fur ther loss of ;£GOI000,000. In the face of this, insurance alone was a thriftless way of going to work.' Kveu Mr. Webb's great addition to the national wealth would only lie. benefiohil if fundamental conditions wore, altered. At present what is produced is wasted on a crowd of idlers, while the use ful workers are starved into sickness to main tain those idlers. Last Sunday night the various picture show proprietors of Sydney tested the opin ion of their audiences with regard to the reasonableness of Sunday night perform ances at a small charge. The signingof pe titions revealed the fact that the people are overwhelmingly in favor of Sunday pic turo shows being charged for in the ordinary way. The proprietors stated they hail no desire to foster rowdyism. They wished to show scenic, industrial, nnd Biblical pictures, but not comics. They argued that, as peo ple have to pay for seats to hear' the band in Hyde Park on Sunday, or for Sunday con certs, to say nothing of pew rents in some churches, there was no reason why picture show proprietors should not be allowed to make a fixed charge. For our part, we sec no reason whatever why they should not. Ft is infinitely better for people to be enjoy ing themselves at a picture show than to be idly parading the streets, or listening to the purveyors of worn out superstitions in some church or chapel. The tired worker needs most on Sunday the recreation that will make him forget for a time his week of toil, that will lift him out of this sordid environ- . ment and give him glimpses of another world that may before long, we hope, be his to enjoy in a fuller' sense than it is to day. Mr. Fisher has taken the first step to wards pledging Australian support to the militarist capitalists of Britain. He, has ' extracted a promise from them that they-\yill consult Australia ore they make important . treaties with other countries. -They'll con sult us after they act. ' .,? ' King George is having JOO.OOi) mugs, made for presentation to the childrin dur-''. ing the Coronation Durbar: :A j.' mug'1 is '' an excellent symbol. Oneought to be pre sented to every ''mug'' who;,takes'part in tho cniToboiw. ',' ', -.'? , . 