Comment and Criticism. By "AIXOVTJS." News comes from Perth that many Danish girls lately imported have proved hojjeless failures in their at tempts to learn English. People who employed them find such difficulty in mailing them understand that they are anxious to he rid of their charges Already several employers have left j their girls at the Danish Consuls' of • fice. The inspector under "The Early Closing Act" is getting in soma good work on the goldfields. Yesterday | at the Kalgoorlie Police Court six de fendants were fined for breaches of | the law in this respect. A pity some such officer is not appointed by Go ! vernment to see that arbitration [ awards are properly carried out. Workers of the fields anxiously wait co see what action its inspector of | mines will take regarding .two fatal | accidents which recently occurred on the Mile. In two instances it was clearly shown that the men lost their lives through carelessness on the part | of the manager. Though it was not included in the "Miner's" report of proceedings, E. B. Johnson's speech at Sunday's strike meeting was a splendid description of the state of affairs. Mr. Johnson has a good grip of matters, and when, he | takes the floor is mostly worth listeu | ing to. There is a clause in the Companies [ Act of W.A. that allows shareholders, I when they mutually agree on the I course, to avoid filing a half-yearly balanCe-sheet with the Supreme Court authorities. Needless to say thg fire wood companies have fully availed themselves of -the provision of the law, and hence the public is complete ly In the dark as to what profit is made by them. The North Coolgardie "Herald" says: "As a result of the Federal land tax the rental of houses in Sydney has advanced 1/ per week. As it's the worker and not ihe capttaGBst who pays the rent, the fohmer wftl prob ably remember the Federal Govern ment for passing the land tax In their prayers." Ytes, but it is the capitalist who owns the land who raises the rent, not the Federal Government, and it is just the same old capitalistic game—grabbing every opportunity to squeeze an . extra shilling from the ) workers. Anyhow it would be in teresting to know how many, of the properties upon which the increased rent lias. been charged come under the £5000 exemption'. In all proba bility the vast majority of them dp. However, the Government is taking a hand in framing fair rates of wages, i The next step will he for the Covern ment to fix fair rates of rental. That will be another nail in the boodlers' coffin. j "Scarcity of domestic servants" is 5 the cry nearly all oVer the Common- J wealth, and if The supply were above j the demand to-morrow the same I plaint would be heard six months,? aence. ' The troubie is that most em- '• ployers don't know how to treat a ' ' ! domestic, and as a consequence the gins don't take kindly to the oceupa- !' tion. There will have to b? a re- i, formation among mistresses before ■ the question will be finally settled. The : WORKER suggests thai schools for j mistresses might he started \yherein women could learn how to treat their domestic employees. The first axiom would be of course "A servant is a human being and should he treated as such. She is not a machine wound up to go all day and half the night. \- -1 She requires rest anfl recreation. In fact she is the same flesh and blood as yourself, and you should treat her accordingly." Already the little Premiers are hard ai work attempting to defeat the Fede ral proposals embodied in the referen dums to be decided next April. It is somewhat remarkable that John Mur ray, who always posed as a "as good as Labor representative," and Kidston, who ratted oil the Queensland Labor party, are the chief leaders in the paro chial attempt to aggrapdise the States at the expense of the Commonwealth. A VARlAf^T. Here's a song, good old song, song of , the olden da3"S, Sung to different sorts of tunes differ ent sorts of ways ; But it's just as good to-day as it was when new— Hurry 0n, worry on, and you'll worry j through. Now then, boys ■ let her go ! make the chorus swell : Wake 'em up, shake 'em up, never mind a spell ; Rome, I tell youi was not built in a day or two. Hurry on, worry on, and you'll worry through. Whether work qr whether- play—don't you khow the 'rest Even on three-quaffc^pay- do . your{ level best : ,, Ain't it right the bo^s should make ' thrice as mrich as'-you ?— Hurry on, worry on, ^there's such lots to do. , There then boys ! l^t her go ! make the chorus swell,* Wake 'em up, shake 'em up, never mind,a s pell ; r£» Fatman's bingey '*^*^; not built in a •, , day or two ; • Hurry ,°n, worry tin, and you'll worry through- , If a girl you want if> win, take her well in ' hand ; Girls would sooner mastered be than they would cpm$uftd ; But il she uhruly be—ALwpuM. f»e noth. ing new— - - ■. Hfirry on, watty ma, or she'll worry tybu. ^ ; Never mind'. lyt her go—what a -blooming sell 'J / That old, chprns wouldn't suit women very well. So, you see, it's up to me thus to close the' rhyme : Never fanrry, lest the hurry worry yon another time* -^ilky White. A British princeling has been va poring over eastern Qie evergreen immigration questionv /V/h.ep will the Press of Australia ceaijferha >record the impertinences and the isilly nothings of Foster Eraser and his kind? Our latest monitor avers £bat we want thousands of immigrants. We do, but not,of the unemployed and pauper class. We want then* with capital, and men who know the ;difference be tween a swingletree and a horsp col lar. Many insignificant Britishers have presumed to advise Australia as to the way in which fih^ should walk. May not, therefore, ami Insignificant Australian return the colrnpliment with a few words cf advice"Let Britain restore to the poor -thb\ broad acres cdoieu from them 4b0 pryarc ago by what is now coiled tiajt; aristocracy; Jot her turn over to tlfq farmers the thousands of acres of slfeep walks and' deer parks now kef>t by the idle rich for (heir own amusement, thereby providing for her ow'i unemployed; let her put her own house in order, and then her sons am »».ughters may with some show of reason, as they do now with impertinence,.1 dictate to Australians the manner hi which we should legislate." :, "Unionist." writes:—An antiquated cuss named Thomas Percy Draper, who belongs to the ancient order of lawyers-—parchmented people given to charging 6/8 when they don't charge 13/4 for looking through dreary tomes to find precedents— had his little say about the Burglary of Seats Bill last week. Thomas Percy of course looked for a precedent, and fancied he found one; but as he wasn't being paid 13/4 for it he didn't feel too sure. However the "Daily News" supplied the surety, and represents Percy Thomas to have said: "The present system of representation was adopted by Parliament. It had the support of the Parliamentary Labor party. It had never been made the subject of complaint by any party since its adoption. Therefore, there is no oc casion to alter the present system, f and no mandate for doing so." Good old Percy! One could almost believe j that he is the original of the clan] Who had his eye jabbed out whilst too ; venturesomely looking for precedents; or something through a keyhole. Any how, his conservatism is as ancient as j that historic incident. It didn't suit ! the Gerrymander crowd any more? than it suited the Labor party; so having established his precious pre cedent he started to improve upon it/| Said Percy Thomas: "But there is the best of justification for adapting the ! old principle to the new conditions." Then Percy Thomas spoke lond and unlearnedly to the effect that although he was convinced that the Gerry mander Bill was an unwarrantable en- . croachmsnt upon the rights of the people, Mr. Wilson knew -best, and as1 he was returned a supporter of the Government he would vote for the! bill, and he did. Percy Thomas will! have a fairly humorous time when he] attempts to' explain the un war rate able encroachment business at the j 'next election, and Wilson is likely to] have large placards printed to the ! effect, "God save us from our friends." ! We. learn from ; the Kalgoorliej '"Miner" that recent legislation passed! dsy the Federal Parliament, . which j awaits submission to electors by re ferendum, has been a source of grave concern to the Victorian Alliance, the premier political organisation in theJ State of the temperance bodies. Some j weeks ago, as the resdlt of previous deliberations, the alliance opbned up j communication with the alliances of ! various States, and urged them to adopt the following' resolution, which was unanimously agreed to at a re cent meetlhg of their body:—"That, inasmuch as the referendum proposal of the Federal Government in regard to the nationalisation of industries! gives the power to Parliament to na- ' tionalise the Uqtiof - traffic, the'' alli ance is compelled to earnestly advise the electors to vote against such re ferendum." The WOKER can an swer for many teetotallers on this side that the attitude of the Victorian Alliance will not receive mpch sup port herp. The possibility of bring ing the liquor traffic under the direc tion and management of one respon sible body seems to be the first logical step toward total abolition if such be deemed necessary. Meanwhile na- j tionalisation will secure for those who fpllow biblical advice about wine and strong liquors au unadulterated sup ply. Uhder Commonwealth control snake-juice, boot and blacking rum, and tobaccoed beer would not be ex posed for sale, and so great menace to the public health would be re- j moved. That in itself would be a worthy achievement; but the alliance ! seems to think that it is better to al low private exploiters to poison the public than To help the public take a hand in providing itself with a pure supply of the beverage it most de-} 