Return of Mr Murray. INTERESTING INTERVIEW. Mr. John Murray« Premier of Victoria, ^turned to Melbourne on Sunday morning bv the Adelaide express, after; nn absonce "Great, Britain since April last. Not withstanding the absence of all means of locomotion, there was a representative fathering of citizens at' Spencer-street I station . Amongst those on the plntform' fo welcome the Premier homo were Mr.• W A. Watt (Treasurer), Mr. P. M'Bride (Minister for Mines), Mr. G. Graham (Minister for Agriculture), Mr. 'Drysdnle /Brown (Attorney-General), Messrs. Hagel tliorn and. Thomson (honorary Ministers), Mr. Craven, M.L.A. (Chairman of Com mittees), a number of members of the legislative Assembly, and the heads of departments. Tho Premier's enwinge hav ing been discovered, a round of hearty hand-shaking ensued. One of Sir Joliu Fuller's Aide-de-camp* extended a' vice regal welcomc homo, while Mr. Watt uc ted a similar part on behalf-of tlio Go vernment. Tho- party pose:l befrro a cinematograph picture operator, and Mr. Murray, who had maintartiod his ehn»nc teristic placidity throughout the o.'den! then ontered a. motor car and'drove to his residence at Hawthorn. Subsoquoatly Mr." Murray was int<-r« viewed, when ho gave-detu'h of his c*x tferiencos abroad. Si dry aid h>t was the froather in Great Britain tba^ Mr Murray Jftid he had com© to tho conclusion that ♦ iotoria was a wet country. The farmers thero wero in for ft .yery unfavorable) sea Son. Touching on Stato politics, Mr Mur rfty said tho Cabinet would at once fix the date for t,he general elections. Next Monday ho will address his constituents *\ Wurrnambooh .. jMi\ Murray made a close study or the tyitestion of tlio eleetrificAtion of railways ^vliile in Groat Britain and Gcrmnny. TTc Sftid thero was some difference of opinion Mnong oxport# as to which was the best system—thari-of tlio direct current or the single phase. T3otli systems had given iatisfaction, but much depended on local conditions. The Cabinet would not tjako n»y definite action regarding electrifica tion "until complete data hnd coino to 'iniul. Whore Jnrgo numbers of people h/id to he 'shifted in a short space of thfie electricity was superseding steam. adopting railway electrification, two Joints that had to be specially considered were economy of working and ofliciency. He hnd not been wholly satisfied on tlio scoro_of cost. The valuo of motor trains ijveatly impressed him.- Ho said t,h'e Great: Western Railway.,had .40 of '.'.these trains, which cost from £1600 to £1900 oacTi^ and tended to dcvolop traffic in sparsoly settled districts. Tlfoy-woro thus admirably suited to cross-country and spur i lines. A speed of from 80 to 40 miles an hour oould ho developed. An engine (and air could carry 61 persona seated, and iif necessary could haul a good deal more. . When, loaded the engine and car weighed 43 tons, and were drown alongside small platforms, called "halts."' The cost of running these trains,was only half that of :ordhiary trains". A special featuro about the motor train was that it tended to separate passenger traffic and goods traf fic, thus doing away with..mi-xed.trains. Tlie system was cheap and handy, and We would advise the. Cabinet to obtain a few .motor..railway, pars, ,, Mr Murray received but little" dncour ingement, when lie tackled the question of shipping "Victorian produce to porta other itlinii Londonr-. Tlio_State .'suffei'ed by isending goods London, only to be trans •ferrod to other, parts, but tlio exporters bad their agents there, mid so vast was ■ the influence of the "great metropolis tliaj a single State , could not grapple jnth' the problem, . Perh'nps with, the aid of tlio Commonwealth something beneficial might bo done. . Mr Murray, referring to his visit to Denmark, said one reason why tlio aver age yield:of Danish cows whs'greater than' that of Victoria was that-they wore more systematically fed. Their cows were tet ter than ,onrs, but tinder the .same treat ment Victorian stocks would i^i'vo a bet ter average return;. The cows wore te thered, to present wast,e of grasB.., "■\Vliat ;.aboiu. immigrants?," :Mr...Mur-_ ray was Asked.' . i ... " 'Tis not a oUestioii ,of immigrants," concluded tlwv: Preinier. "We can got plenty iiow. It is. a cinestion of berthage' accommodation." ' Mr 3iurr«y approved of the Strand site on wjhioh. to erect the.! buildings for the Commonwealtli. and States' repregenta-: tivps,. and said' that'great benefits! would, -result from .having all tlie offices tinder one roof. 