THE LIVE STOCK SHOW J'iBEEPAMTIONS FOR 7 OPENING, ' ETne Royal] Agricultural and Harriet tural Society will open their Show to- day. at the Jubilee Exhibition Building at grounds on North-terrace. Great sneeze is anticipated for the fixture, as the entry art the aggregate exceed the total exhibit of any previous Show. There has been a- falling off in the number of cattle, but this is to some extent compensated for c a record entry in milch cows. In th connection the Minister of Agriculture has arranged for the Dairy Expert (Mr,. P. F: (Suter) to test the milk on behalf of the society. 95 The gates will be opened at 10 as to, the public, who will be able to see the judging of the draught and roadster frock, which will take place in special ring on the oval. The roadster mares and son; centres and mares will be on view at the "Old Exhibition Grounds, off Frome road where the council, considering their case ' curity of tenure owing to the possibility; of. removal to other grounds, have been enterprising in providing necessary shelter and complete telephonic communication) with the Jubilee Oval for the convenient of owners of horses in action. The programme of horses in action will be quite 'stp' to the standard judging from the main Sir. and quality of entries received. The jumping events have drawn nomination; what promise an excellent display. ,'", The space made use of in the basement Under the main hall has been extended land portion of the eastern wing is now filled with trade exhibits. In the western Tving there will be an array of motor cars as well as the decorated dinner tables which will be arranged to-morrow by competitors. Machinery in motion will be a prominent feature of the Show; as the col Section is greater in variety than usual, and Borne- new lines are displayed. a An innovation this year will be a parade of motor vehicles. This is arranged for to-morrow at 1.45. There will be the usual parades of horses and cattle to-day and to morrow. Sheep and pigs will be penned us usual, and poultry and pigeons will be exhibited from to-day till Friday evening Dogs will be shown to-morrow and Friday The Government have arranged a comprehensive exhibit for the benefit of pro Sucess and visitors. It is situated on to' Continental ground, where a large marquee contains a variety of South Australian products which are really creditable to the State. The Produce Department is well represented with collections of preserved meats, meat meal and manures, butter, honey, &c.;, while the, Poultry Expert and his assist . ants have a variety of exhibits calen land to impress the farmer with the possibilities of the egg industry. There is also a capital display of wheat from the grain branch of the department, exhibits of wool, and a bureau, for giving information to farmers concerning assisted, immigration and to advertise the merits of Agricultural Bureau work. The public are notified that telephone and telegraph communication has been arranged, as well as the delivery of letters to the Show 1 grounds. The secretary's office is situated in the main hall in the rooms formerly occupied by the Chamber of Manufactures, and offices are also to be found its the poultry shed and underneath the grand stand. Concerts will be given in the main hall] to-morrow and Friday evenings. DAIRY APPLIANCES AND NEW MACHINERY. Singular though it may seem, there was a dearth of Australian-made dairy appliances at the Show for competition on Tuesday. The society provided seven classes for dairy appliances (manufactured in the Commonwealth by the exhibitor), but there was not a single entry, the only competitor < in, the class for dairy appliances stars being Messrs. A/W.îSandford & Co., who exhibited a collection of dairy utensils and appliances, which was well worthy of first Sward. " Mr. J. Fewings judged the new and improved machinery entered for competition, but there was a paucity of entries. Messrs. J. L. Campbell & Co. showed a serviceable scrub rake, which was strongly recommended by the judge as being suitable for mallee country. Messrs. Dutch Bros., of Mount? Barker, entered a machine for threshing, cleaning. and bagging peas, and affix judge considered this-an excellent idea, and-a form requisite that has been desired for some tone. The adjudicator recommended the society to award a prize of £2 to each of the above exhibitors. A new cream separator was entered by Messrs. A. W. Sandford & Co. but as it will not be working until to-day Mr. Fewings deferred his consideration of it. IMMIGRATION AND AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENTS. The exhibit of the Agricultural Depart- Sept and the office of the Immigration Department at the Royal Show will be in a "big marquee immediately at the rear of the Exhibition main building. INDUSTRIAL MANUFACTURES. Judging was concluded on Tuesday in the section set apart for South Australian industries and manufactures. There "-is again a deplorable lack of competition, considering that bound up in these products is the future of one of our most important branches of husbandry-horticulture. Nevertheless, there was strong competition a among the one, two, or three owners represented in each class, and the quality was distinctly commendable. Visitors cannot fail to be impressed with the attractive manner in which the dried and are served fruits and other wares are got rise in sale form. The judges were very pleased with the section, as will be noted from their appended comments "Canned fruit " for export (F. Humphris and Sons) - An excellent exhibit of choice fruit. Jams for export g. Fairbrother) - Quality very fine. Election dried fruits (T. Robson &. Sons) -Judges again regret the absence of competition, seeing that there is an unlimited market for such products of our State, and an absence of sufficient supplies, particularly in prunes and light plums, to provide for local requirements. Lemon peel (F. Humphris 5 Son) Judges well pleased with first prize exhibit, peel being good in' color, and there being an absence, of heavy syrup. Too often the user buys syrup and peel, instead of peel and syrup." Dried figs (T. B. Robson G Sons) -changes are exceedingly pleased to find this first exhibit of Smyrna figs grown in South. Australia, as the fig wasp was especially imported to secure fertilisation by carrying the pollen from the cape or male fig to the Smyrna or female fig." Judges-Messrs. F. T. Stevens and F. C. "Wray. Canned fruits. 5 cases for export, K. Humphris and Sons, export jams, 2 cases. Thos, Fair brother; F. Humphris and Sons. Sauces, collection F. Humphris and Sons; W. J. Kevern. Tomato sauce. for export, F. Humphris and Sons; Olive oil 1 Barron. Thos. Hardy and Sons, Ltd.; T. B. Hobson and Son. Olive oil. 20 gallons, for export. T. B. Robson and Son. Pickled olives, Those Hardy and Sons. Pickles, assorted, F. Humphris and Sons, dried fruits, collection T. B. Hobson and Son. Dried apricots, W. E, Muspratt; T. B. Robson and Son. Dried dessert plums, T. B. Robson and Son (1 and 2). Dried plums, light, T. B. Robson and Son (1 and 2). Dried stewing plums, T. B. Robson and Son (1 and 2). Dessert prunes. T. B. Robson and Son (1 and 2). stewing; prunes. T. B. Robson and Son (1 and 2), Pudding raisins, W. E. Muspratt; New Era Fruit growing Co. Sultanas New Era Fruitgrowing Co.; V. E. Muspratt, Muscatels, table use, T. B. Robson and Son. Currants, New Era Fruitgrowing Co. Lemon peel, F. Humphris and Sons; T. B. Robson and Son. Orange peel. F. Humphris and Sons; T. B. Robson and Son. Citron peel. F. Humphris and Sons; T. B. Robson and Son. Dried I figs, T. B. Robson and Son. Canned vegetables, F. Humphris and Sons. DAIRY PRODUCE. A special feature of the dairy section this year is the attractive manner in which the exhibits have been staged. Formerly they were arranged on a flat table, but for this occasion the benches have been made with gable-shaped tops, with sloping sides facing east and west. Thus every exhibit can be seen to advantage. The cheese will be judged to-day, but awards have been made for the butters displayed. The quality, everything considered, was good throughout. The export butter shown in 56 lb. export cases attracted nine competitors, and the lowest scored 73 points. The quality of the winning box, staged by Messrs. Lauder bash Bros., old exhibitors from Gumeracha, was remarkably even, the points awarded being 98, made up as follows: Flavor, 44; texture, 25; color, 10; salt, 9; and appearance 10\. Messrs. Taylor Bros, were second with 91 points, and they were closely pushed by the Onkaparinga Cheese and Butter Factory, whose butter gained 90 points. In the class for fresh butter, there were 14 competitors, the Macclesfield Butter and Cheese Factory, who were second and third in this class last year, went one better, by carrying off first and second prizes with exhibits which the judges awarded 6 points. Third place was filled by the Onkaparinga factory with 92 points. There was less competition in the class for farm or dairy butter, but the quality was remarkably even. Mrs. A. Verner with 88 points being placed first, Mrs. A. Stanford second with 87, and' Mrs. H. S. Franklin third with 68 points. There is room for more competition in this class. PRIZE-LIST. Butter, fresh. IT IS.. Macclesfield B. and C. Factory (1 and 2) Onkaparinga O. S B. Factory. Butter, fresh, 17 lb.. Mrs. T. Verner: A. Stanford; Mrs. H A. Franklin. Butter, 50lb. fit for export, Lauterbach Bros. ; Taylor Bros. e, Onkaparinga C. & B. Factory. THE EXHIBITS. DUTCH BROS.. MOUNT BARKER. This firm of agricultural engineers exhibited their new patent pea threshing machine, of the No. 3 size, which will effectually thresh, clean, and bag peas in one operation. It was gathered from the firm that as the result of exhaustive trials with this machine last season it is capable of treating 10 bags of peas per hour. The machine, being portable, allows of its being readily removed from farm to farm. it was quite recently that Professor Lowrie (Director of Agriculture) advocated in the columns of The Advertiser" the growing of peas on a more extensive scale on land that was adapted for the purpose, remarking, that the growing of peas' cleaned the. land, and rendered it more fit for other cereal crops. The pea crop on an average was a prolific one, the disadvantage being the threshing of them. The present system of rolling or tread- ing them out occupied too much time, added the Professor, and it would be an advantage to have a machine to effectually treat the peas at one operation. Now Messrs. Dutch Bros, have done much to overcome the past difficulties of threshing. The placing of their machine on the market should be an inducement to an extension of the growth of peas as suggested by Professor Lowrie. Pea growers and others should avail, themselves of the opportunity of inspecting and ascertaining the merits of this machine. The firm also showed chaffcutters, corn grinders, and firewood circular saw benches of their well-known make. The exhibit was a creditable display. ALWIN- FISCHER & SONS, The abovementioned firm were as usual well to the fore with a comprehensive exhibit of specialities in sheet metal, included amongst which were the well- known bath-heaters (for fuel and gas which are still holding their own in popular favor, as is evidenced by increased sales throughout the States. The manufacture of these heaters has necessitated frequent additions to the plant. The McCabe wheat-picldcr was shown, and attracted the attention of farmers. Splendid sales in this line are reported all over Australia, one firm alone in New South Wales handling over 120 for the last season. Messrs. A. Fischer and Sons have been appointed sole agents for South Australia for the Simpitrol petrol air gas lighting plant. It seemed hardly possible to believe that the little machine which was exhibited was capable of running 30 60 candle-power lights. The floor Xce occupied by the machine was only put 4 ft. x 18in Numerous large in- stallations have been made in England and in the other States. The gas generated by these machines will supply gas stove, gas iron, radiator, and bath-heater. THE AUSTRALASIAN IMPLEMENT AND HOUSE FURNISHING CO. This company's exhibit occupied the whole length of the western side of the Machinery Hall. There can be seen the latest and best engines, machinery, implements, and appliances that England, Australia America, Sweden, Belgium, Germany, and France have produced to meet the requirements of progressive manufacturers, bail, ders, agriculturists, and primary producers The wonderful evolution which has taken place during the past decade in mechanical appliances and for minimising labor on the farm will be realised by the thousands of farmers who will visit and inspect this company's stand during show week, more particularly when they are spect such wonderful machines as the Hornsby internal combustion engines, which provide power to cut chaff at about 2d. per ton: or the great Australian invention. May's complete harvester, which harvests and bags the grain in one operation. Both these machines, because of their intrinsic merit and great reliability, are more popular than ever, so that the policy adopted by both manufacturers "Not how cheap, but how good has found its reward. The demand for May's harvesters during the coming harvest has again exceeded the supply, and as the company have orders waiting to be filled-on the chance of some of the orders being cancelled through failure of crop they have requested us to intimate that, in the event of any of their customers wanting to cancel through failure of crop, they will advise the company of their intention if possible on the first day of the show, so that would-be purchasers might have machines previously intended for them. The company are still prepared to book orders for May's ordinary and damp weather strippers for delivery before next harvest. As the machines are popular and the demand unprecedented to avoid disappointment orders should be placed at once. R. Hornsby in Sons' Specialities. The company are the sole agents for South Australia and Western Australia for this well-known English firm. No name stands higher than theirs in the engineering and machinery world, and the word "Hornsby" on engines, binders, mowers, or implements is the hall-mark of reliability. Thousands of their oil engines are at work in this State, and have long enjoyed A high reputation for all-round efficiency, re- liability, and economy in oil consumption. They recently put on the world's market a new type of oil engine for using crude or residual oils, the consumption being about a half-pint per horse-power per hour. The special attention, of manufacturers and mining engineers is requested to this new type, as the engine is so simple that a skilled attendant is not necessary for its successful operation. The standard type oil engines are obtainable in sizes ranging from 2 to 66 b.h.p., and the "R" type from 40 to 370 ship. The remarkable success which has followed the introduction of their gas engines and gas producers has greatly enhanced their reputation amongst mining engineers and manufacturers generally, and the manager of this company invites intending purchasers of motive power for factories to inspect these engines at work on the premises of Messrs. Wiley & Spencer (Adelaide), J. F. Mellor (Adelaide), Metropolitan Brick Co. (Brompton), Gray Brothers (Port Adelaide), Wadey 5, Co. (Dry Creek). Simms Brothers (Glen Osmond), J. Shearer and Sons (Kilkenny), and the Adelaide Rope Works (Croydon). Perhaps their most popular engine is the one which a well known judge at a country show dubbed, "The daddy of the show ground:" and his words have proved prophetic, as it was not only awarded the first prize at that particular show, but at every other show at which it was exhibited throughout this State. We are informed that upwards of 300 of these engines have been sold in this State during the short time they have been on the market, and that there has not been a single complaint sent in from any of the users, thus proving the marked reliability which is a prime factor. Farmers contemplating purchasing motive power are asked to inspect these engines, as the difference in the cost of a cheap engine and the one under review is soon made up in avoiding the expense of repairs and the loss of valuable time; the best is cheapest. The Hornsby Oil Engines. These engines are exceedingly popular because of their intrinsic merit, reliability, and low oil consumption. Portable engines are also exhibited. Mr. Geo. Smith, gardener, of Sydenham, says-I am well pleased with the Hornsby engine, purchased seven years ago. It is working better than ever, and I would not exchange it for a new one." He has further intimated that if he should be in the market for another engine he would certainly have a Hornsby. Thousands of others have had a similar experience. The well-known engineers, Messrs. J. Shearer & Sons and David Shearer & Co., of Kilkenny and Mannum, must have had a similar experience with the Hornsby suction gas engine and gas producer, as they originally purchased a 28-39 b.h.p. plant, and have since installed three additional gas plants, making four in all, aggregating 294 setup. Hornsby Petrol Engine. Two causes are responsible for this engine not being introduced here before. First, there was the inability to cope with the demand for the European market, which not only took all that the manufacturers could supply, but would have taken more. The was in spite of the fact that these engines were not advertised; in fact, practically the only advertising they have had has been what users have had to say about them to others. Secondly, there was the difficulty in obtaining petrol in country districts, but which, owing to the motor car. has been overcome, petrol now being obtained practically everywhere, the same as kerosine. Recent additions to the manufacturers' extensive works have enabled them to increase the output to such an extent that they are now in a position to cater for the requirements of Australia, and the agents can give immediate delivery of petrol engines from 2 to 12 filip., and larger sizes on special order. These engines can be supplied either in stationary or portable, or complete plants, comprising engines and chaffcutters, or engines and saw benches mounted on the same portable frame. The Hornsby Twine Binder. The Hornsby steel twine binder de I serves its title, "The king of the harvest 1 field." as the world's six highest trial awards have been given to it. It has a solid steel frame, steel road wheel, simple knotter. adjustable reel, and is fitted with roller bearings throughout, thus making it the lightest draught machine obtainable. It is obtainable in 5 ft. 6 in. and 6 ft. cut. The Hornsby paragon mower, with short rod and steel wearing parts, are guaranteed to successfully handle any crop that grow. These are also exhibited and are strongly recommended for rough country and station use where Delahanty; is a prime factor. May "Bros.' Exhibit. The company are the sole selling agents for Messrs. May Bros, and Co.'s harvesting machinery for South and Western Australia, and have staged a full line of Messrs. May Bros, specialities, including the v-'l-haown -vitent Climax and Premier, harvesters, nrdixMty. damp-weather, and intent wiaaHwctv. It is gratifying to know that Messrs. May Bros, last year turned out nearly 1,000 machines, of which almost as per cent, on these were harvesters, and it in also pkauöpg to know that the opinion of assay leading farmers who, after all, are both otto to judge, the Mare 3 THE AUSTRALIAN LTtPLEMTSTT AND HOUSE FUBMSinSG COMPANY (Continued). machine is holding its own against, all comers, and certainly . the machines exhibited leave little to be desired in mc ebancial construction and finish. The ordinary machine is made in sizes 4 ft. 6 in, and 6 ft. between cheeks, and last year leading farmers intimated that they were desirous that a 7 ft. machine should be made, and one of which was supplied to Mr. F. H. Koch, jun., of North Kilkerran. An illustration of this machine at work is shown. I May's 7 ft. Complete Harvester. In 25 days it reaped 3.600 bags of grain from 410 acres. Six horses worked the machine without delay or trouble of any kind. The draught was light, the balance admirable, and the separation perfect; the mechanism simple, adjustments easy, and the workmanship excellent; and. further. Mr. Koch intimated that he could recommend it to anyone. Mr. Koch has backed up his opinion by ordering another 7 ft. harvester for the coming season. A number of other leading farmers have followed his lead, and the manufacturers and agents are to be complimented on its successful introduction. This machine is equally successful in barley. Mr. C. A. Dawkins. Gawler, writes under date December 6, 1910-11 are pleased at the way the harvester is working, handling a crop of barley, between 50 and 60 bushels to the acre and lying every way." Some of our readers are no doubt desirous of knowing how this machine answers a rough country. Perhaps nothing better can be done than to quote Mr. -T. B. Spry, Murat Bay, to clear away any doubt that some farmers in the rough country still entertain as to the suitability of the harvester for such country. Mr. Spry says-The work done exceeded expecta- tions; lightness of draught unequalled: reaped 210 acres for 1250 bags of wheat. The land reaped is the heaviest in the district, being all sand. The self-balancing winnower is perfection itself. Worked night through without a breakage, although the ground is very stumpy. Cost. me absolutely nothing for repairs and am more than satisfied." Repair Parts for May's Machines. The company requests all farmers who have old machines which they intend working during the coming harvest, to send in their orders for extra parts without delay. At the present time they have some tons of Mr. s extra parts stored in Adelaide, but as it may be necessary to make large quantities of extra parts between this and the coming harvest, and in view of the ' great stress being experienced in the rush for new machines, it is advisable that all orders for extra parts should be in as early as possible, so that there may be no delay, and that everything may be in readiness before the harvest commences. Adriance IHvinebinder No. 3, left-hand Cut. The illustration shows the rear view of the Advance binder. The low elevator, with its deep apron, its open end and moderate incline, the easily accessible driver's seat, and its overlooking position, the convenience of the operator of the controlling and adjusting levers, the comparatively short length of elevator chain, and the limited work it has to do, are all advantages to be studied by the tanner. A convenient position is provided for the cranks for adjusting the height of the platform and gear frame, and the dividers are light and effective. Single piece angle steel back and side of platform. The twine can is placed where the driver can see through its opening as to the condition of the twine. To better disclose other parts the wind-guard has been omitted. This binder is manufactured by the same company who manufactured the well known Adriance Buckeye mowers and side delivery -reapers, thousands or which are at work in Australia, and have won for themselves a great name amongst farmers. Quality" has been the watchword of the manufacturers for upwards of 50 years. Particular attention is called to the excel- lency of the mechanical construction of the binder to the slightest detail, and farmers are asked to examine and compare this machine in order that they may be fully convinced of the many superior features of the Advance binder. One and two- horse Adri- ance mowers with roller bearings, in 3 ft. 6\. 4 ft. 6, and 5 ft. cuts, are also shown. These are prime favorites amongst lucern growers, and once used are always used for this purpose. These machines are also equally successful in hay crops Improved Advance stump-jump hay rakes are also exhibited Wood's New Century Twine Binder. The company also draw attention to the Walter A Wood New Century open rear twine binders, mowers, and rakes, winch embody every improvement for the Mic needful harvesting of the crop. These binders are obtainable in 5 and 6 ft cut The rakes are fitted with 24, 26 and 28 round steel teeth respectively. The Farmers' Favorite New Type Seed and Fertiliser Drill . It is conceded that the? machine is admirable for field work. It has a large range of both seed and farmers, and- can be adjusted at the will of the operator. It is a perfect stump-jumper, and eminently successful not only in clear land, but amongst stones and stumps. The driving device is being further improved so that it will be even more adapted to the roughest possible country that is capable of being cultivated. The machine in the illustration is shown with steel conductors and steel wheels., and the latter are always sent unless wood is ordered. For very rough mullenised land rubber tubes are recom needed in lieu of the rich Xhs drill set ' THE AUSTRALIAN,- rjrPLEJIEST AND HUB FCIlSISIIDJfi COMPANY (Continued). so simple that any novice can operate it. The only thing he" has to do is to step on the footboard and drive ahead, and on looking back he will see perfect work. Hoes and discs are interchangeable. Thousands of these drills are now in use in this State. Duplex Seed Drill Attachment. This is a new patented device for attach- ment to the Farmer's Favorite or any otherunttke of seed drill. The intention is that the superphosphate may be put in deeper than the seed to suit the require ments of the farmer, so that by the time the roots reach the fertiliser they are strong enough and more healthy to resist any danger from malting, and a stronger and more healthy root system is developed. When the seed and manure are sown in the ordinary way and there is no rain the opinion of practical men is that the grain dries up owing to its contact with the fertiliser, and we are informed that a large number of farmers have gone to the expense of sowing the seed and manure in two separate operations to obviate this condition. This is now unnecessary, as this patent makes it possible to sow the manure to any desired depth below the seed in one operation. Farmers visiting the show should inspect this attachment. Manure Distributors. The special attention of pastoralists is drawn to the Imperial and Empire artificial manure distributors for distributing superphosphate, bonedust, and other artificial manures on grass lands.. Another machine worthy of special notice is the Success manure spreader. This consists of a 4-wheeled waggon mechanically constructed, so that when it is filled with manure and put in gear it will spread stable and other manure, lime, and straw, while it may be put to other uses. This has proved a very useful machine, especially in wet districts. W. Salman & Co.'s Specialities. The company are the sole selling agents in South Australia and Western Australia for Messrs. Salmon Co.'s deservedly popular chaffcutters. grinding mills, eleva- tors, screw presses, thrashing machines, and horse gears (one to six horses A full range of improved chaffcutters were shown. These are fitted with forward, stop, and reverse motion, and an improved shoulder reversing lever, extending over the feed box, so that in the event of an accident the attendant knocking or falling against the safety lever instantly reverses the machine and a possible serious accident is avoided. The machines are also fitted with a large safety roller, which is placed in the mouth of the machine, and greatly reduces the risk of the attendants and bring crushed in the rolls. The Salman method of altering the change pinions for a different lengths of it is very simple, and does not in any way interfere with the bevel gearing. which is always a fixture. The change is effected by raising or lower- ing the intermediate pinion, which runs as contact with a large spur wheel, to suit the large or small change wheel. The main bevel gear wheel is manufactured of special cast steel, and will not break, even if run at a high speed. The frame of the cutters are made of the best hardwood, the legs having a wide spread, making them perfectly rigid. Anchor posts are supplied for flying in the ground. A spanner to set knives is supplied without extra charge. These machines' are also supplied with chaff elevator, dust screen, with door, and bigger. The addition of the bagger makes chaffcutting a pleasure, and it is so simple that a child can work it. It does not choke, and it is so effective that it does not only bag the chaff but also removes all dust and gives an excellent sample of chaff. When the cutter is fitted with a bagger it requires no more power than the ordinary chaffcutter. Elevators are made in any length to carry the chaff into lofts or upper rooms, and are supplied with bagging head? at the ordinary height and the alterations for lofts are effected by a shutter, which, when closed, send the chaff up to the height required. Each bagger is fitted with two steel -"hows, with hooks for holding bags while filling. Elevators can be fitted at either end or side of machines, and at an angle that may be desired by the purchaser. The most popular of these machines is the Salman' No. 4 which we illustrate. Obtainable in sizes No. 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, and with a capacity ranging from 18 to 70 cwt. per hour. The No 4 in chine is admirably adapted for use with an oil, petrol, or 'steam engine, and is fitted to that an J speed Ulli be attained. The machine is fitted with handy bagger, having in ex tended headpiece. This is so made that if the owner desires he ran lengthen the elevator himself to suit local conditions. The requirements of t farmers who only have a limited space are provided for in a combined chaffcutter, grinding mill, and lugger, which is, practically three machines on one frame, and a driven by one belt from the horseless or engine It can be operated >-epar<ttel> on together The grinding mill is driven from a bevel gear from the main shaft of the chaffcutter, and can be thrown out of gear The mill is also fitted with < compensating sprints to allow any hard substance to pass- through without injury to the grinding plates-, while the machine is fitted with all the latest improvements The bagger will big grain, meal, and chaff Messrs Salmon who make a very fine range of portable chaffcutters, fit ted with elevators and screw presses, while they make a speciality of manufacturing complete chaffmill plants with 1 or skate wheels, elevators, steel revolving screen, hoppers, ordinary single or double screw presses to put up to 16 lb in each bag. or. if desired, single or double bagging machines to put up to 120 lb. in each bag. The company, have pleasure in reporting that the Salman specialities have been in such great demand to the last two years that it was found necessary last year to build an entirely new factory of a much larger capacity " than formerly. and even with the increased plant and space available during the car it was found impos- able to meet the demand for the chaff. THE AUSTRALIAN- IMPLEMENT AND HOUSE FURNISHING COMPANY (Continued). cutters and other specialities. The agentS particularly request that all who contemplate purchasing Salman specialities during the coming season should place their orders well in advance of their requirements, as they desire not to disappoint a large number of would-be purchasers, as in the past. Corbett's Royal First Prize Grinding Mills. These are obtainable in four sizes, and for horse and steam power, and because of their intrinsic merit and being absolutely silent running when at work, as well as exceedingly durable, are more than ever popular. Jones' (or A.T.C.) S.J. Ploughs and Cultivators. For many years past the company have acted as sole selling agents for a fine of general purpose and stump-jump ploughs and cultivators, which have gained a high reputation amongst farmers on account of effectiveness in the field, and no expense has been spared by the manufacturers, Messrs. J. W. Jones & Co., and the agents, not only to maintain the great reputation already possessed, but that it may be enhanced. All the material of which these implements are made is of the very best spring steel being chiefly used in their construction; while the workmanship deserves the highest commendation and com- pares favorably with implements of English and American manufacture. The list comprises ploughs and cultivators suitable for the small blocker, gardener, vigneron, and farmers of every degree, as well as for road contractors, and the requirements of pastoralists for dam- sinking are also catered for. Special attention of the agriculturist is directed to the Surprise new spring stump jump cultivator, as well as the Success disc cultivator. A large number of these implements were sold during the past season, and were found to be eminently satisfactory amongst stones and stumps, it can be obtained in sizes, 10 to 13 furrows, inclusive; othes sizes to order. Planet Jr. Farm and Garden Implements. Already leading Gardeners are familiar with the Planet Jr. farm and garden implements, and the most practical proof of their utility is that the demand for these during the past year was the greatest on record Their use ensures larger crops | at a reduced cost a factor which all practical users are not slow in realising. We ' are illustrating one of the most popular of the line. The Planet Orchard Cultivator. The Benicia disc field ploughs. South Bend and Wizard hillside and garden ploughs. stump jump and general purpose harrows, milking machines. Planet, Uneeda, and Vermoral spray and general service pumps. Monitor and Samson windmills, Kneeland and Fairbank petrol engines. Midget Giant brick-making machines, now explosive gas lighting machines. Peialuma incubators, and a variety of field rates are also shown, while the company- also have on view a very fine display of cream separators, dairy appliances, and requisites. The Melotte Cream Separator has been long and favorably known in this State. It is shown in nine sizes, ranging from 16 to 110 gallons an hour, and the manufacturers claim that it has the largest sale in the British Empire. Thousands are in use in this State, giving every satisfaction. The company are also exhibiting another cream separator recently put on the markets of the world, which is in a fair way of commanding the separator trade. This, on account of its all-round intrinsic merit, durability, ease of turning and clean skimming. It is said to be only about half the price of some other machines, and dairy farmers who are looking for an up-to-date separator will do well to inspect this machine. The illustration of the medals shows that, it has won the highest possible awards. The company not only invite the closest enquiry, but will also send illustrations and particulars of the machine, post free, to any address on application. The exhibit of arsenate of lead, Marie meal, superphosphate, and hinder twine completed a most interesting display. The manager of the company extends to all visitors to the Adelaide Show, a cordial invitation to inspect their magnificent house furnishing showrooms. NORMAN & CO. The "Ideal" portable thresher attached to the "Leffel" portable steam engine attracted the attention of farmers who visited the stand of Messrs. Norman and Co. Farmers everywhere to whom these "Ideal" threshing machines have been sup- plied expressed the fullest satisfaction With the work they do. One well-known capable farmer states-The machine worked very satisfactorily. We had no expert to start it, and it worked without a hitch. The 'Ideal' runs smoothly, and makes a perfect sample." The steam en- j game driving the thresher is of handy size, 10 h.p., and the boiler generating the steam is made of best grade open hearth steel plate of 60.000 is. tensile strength, and is economical in its use of fuel. The firm also exhibited "Pasley" oil engines, ¡ both stationary and portable tyres, which are furnished in powers from 55 upwards. The "Pasley" engines are constructed so that they may be managed by unskilled persons, and are thus suitable for use on farms where ordinary labor is employed. The fuel used is kerosine, and the low consumption of fuel is remarkable less than pint per brake hp. per hour even in the engines of small size. Easily started and operated, and effective at work, they are genuine labor-savers, and may be correctly designated as "Farmers' Friends." The firm also exhibited "Globe" link-blade cream separators, in sizes from 20 gallons upwards, suitable alike for small or large dairies. The testimony of users is unanimous as to the advantages offered by the Lindblade insertion in the bowl of the "Globe" separators. It separates the milk into thin layers, and extracts all the cream, while at the same time the small size of the bowl makes the power for turn- ing very light. The "Austral" force-feed binder is worked from a shaft driven by the "Pasley" oil engines. Last harvest one; of these binders cut, without difficulty, a hay crop near Stockwell which was estimated to yield over five tons to the acre. From Mount Gambier to Hawker they are being used, and the testimony concerning them is unanimous that they are clean cutters, sure and effective Tyers, and at the same time very light in" draft. The same firm (The Frost & Wood Co., Ltd., of Canada) make also ordinary mowers, 35 ft., for one horse, 4 and 5 ft. for two horses, with which heavy crops of lucern on the reclaimed swamps bordering on the Murray have been cut without difficulty. Furnished with roller and ball bearings, these mowers are extremely light in draft, and one of the two-horse mowers was equipped with a pair of shafts and used as a one-horse mower in a district close to Adelaide The "Austral" hay rakes are (.]»?> made in Canada, and are highly appreciated by scrub farmers, who use them regularly 'in the newly-settled districts for gathering twigs, small branches, &c.;, which work they do very effectively. "Superior" I hoe and disc drills were exhibited, one of them also driven by the "Pasley"' oil ' engine. This enables farmers to see how evenly the seed and manure are distributed by the famous "Superior" drill, the manufacturers of which were the first to furnish grain drills with the double force feed-wheel. "Superior" disc harrows made by the same company increase in popularity every year, and the agents inform us that during the last three seasons they have been obliged to refuse upwards of 40 orders each year. This should be an inducement to farmers to place their, orders early, so as to be certain of securing one of these labor- saving, profit-producing implements. One farmer, owning a scrub farm on the West Coast, writes that in his opinion, as compared with the ordinary methods of ploughing, "'Superior'' disc harrows effect a saving of three-fourths in wages three-fourths in horse feed three fourths in capital necessary for buying horses. On such a basis every scrub farmer is well. advised to become the owner of a "Superior" disc harrow, and which the firm is willing to supply, if necessary, on easy terms of payment. Now that manual laborers are so scarce, district councils who have many miles of earth roads requiring attention are making enquiry concerning labor-saving road-making machinery, and in this connection councillors who visited the Show were interested in the "Austin" reversible steel road grader, which is specially adapted for this work. The agents showed numerous testimonials from actual users, proving that where there is much ! road formation to do, the whole cost of 3 one of these machines can be saved during the twelve months, while it is so strongly ? made that it will last for many years. The limited space granted by the society prevented Messrs. Norman & Co. from exhibiting very many of the implements and machines which they import, among which are the "Kelly Duplex ' grinding mills, the "Bijou'' baling press, both of which are useful machines for farm use. This firm also imports "Syracuse" garden ploughs, scarifiers and spring harrows, "Regal" portable roofing suitable for floor- cloth as well as for roofing; carbonated, Used as a cleanser and disinfectant; "Comet'.' hot-water incubators; "Essex" hot-air incubators; weighing scales, hay knives, post- holes augers, and "Comet" lawn swings, which, while not directly profit producing on the farm, would doubtless form an attraction to old and young in the spring and summer evenings. J. G. RAMSAY & CO. This firm a drain showed a full line of implements, which they represent. Several Noxon binders were shown, containing all the latest improvements. These binders are now so well known that they need little comment. There is no doubt the Noxon binder is a well-finished, strong, light machine, and well suited for hilly, rough, or smooth country. Several one and two horse mowers were also shown. The fact that the Adelaide Racing Club, Adelaide City Council (who have three and the Adelaide Golf Club use nothing but Ncxon mowers, hall-mark them as to their excellency The Noxon mower contains the good points of well-known mowers, and as cutters are unequalled. Lucern and grass cutters were deeply interested in the Noxon mower. Noxon spring-tooth cultivators were also shown in 13 and 17 times, and, there was also to be seen the Hocking "Valley champion all-steel horse rake, 8 and 9 ft. The teeth of this well known rake are undoubtedly its main tea time. The new Plans disc drill was exhibited. The discs and disc boots are patented, and are certainly a great improvement on any others used. Gasoline engines are now being used largely in South Australia. and Messrs. Ramsay & Co. showed the Waterloo Boy. which is a simple, stroke engine, and can be sold at a price which will meet the wishes of all. Messrs. Ramsay &. Co. showed a full line of Ransome's and Howard's single and double furrow ploughs; garden tools were also on view. B BAGOT, SHAKES, R. LEWIS, LIMITED Shanks' oil engines are manufactured by the well known firm of Alex Shanks and Sons, Dens Ironworks, Arbroath, Scotland and one is at once taken with the simplicity and absence of working parts It is the outcome of many years or experience of the internal combustion engine, and of the requirements of users It works on the well known Otto cycle, and is not only compact and graceful in design, but is strong durable, and economical, while it is so simple in construction as to be easily managed It is a suitable engine for all farm and station work, having a low oil consumption and maximum power These engines are fitted with two fly wheels the crank is cut from solid steel forging, and is fitted with balance weights The spiral gearing is machine-cut A water injection is fitted to the combustion chamber, and by this application the economy of the engine is increased All working parts have large surfaces, with cylinder supported at the outer end, and no lamp is required after starting Burgon Sheep Shearing Machines Sheep shearing has long ago got beyond the experimental stage, most of the various patterns have been standardised, and can be relied upon to give satisfactory results An immense amount of time, money, and labor has been expended in the effort to perfect the in chine, the result showing the success that his been obtained Benefit ting from the long and practical experience in the manufacture of sheep- shearing good extending for a period of nearly 200 years the Burgon Company have produced machine which, for mechanical simplicity durability, and effectiveness cannot be e celled The Burgon sheep shearing machine is simple in design constructed of the be material, and will give economical and satisfactory results in every way 11 question of experts often causes many small owner to look askance at shears machines, but the Burgon machines are simple that they can be erected and in with little experience Messrs Bagot Shakes & Lewis, Limited, carry a large stock of duplicates and combs and cutter which have been brought up to the high pitch of excellence Trench Method of Rabbit Destruction The French method of rabbit destruction is of the latest method of dealing with these pests A patent combustion is pi into a cylinder together with charcoal and lighted, and the fumes generated (4f turn heavier than air are blown into the bu irons and warrens with a powerful blow attached to the machine The fumes being heavier than air, penetrate to the lowest depths and it has been proved New South Wales and other States, that where this method has been used, no ral bits have escaped and the burrows hay never again been opened DALGETY & CO LIMITED Messrs Dalgety L Co's display, at the rear of the grandstand, again proclaims them to be in the front rank as provider of articles that are of vital importance at the pastoralist Prominent among the c; hibits were the Hick's "Ideal" poison cart and fire fighting machines The former article is most appropriately named, the cart being being of simpler construction than other makes and the fact of its working being so readily understood is giving the greatest satisfaction wherever it is i use The on is also made on the silk pattern containing substantial wooden seat supported by strong springs Th Hicks firefighter is specially adapted for fast travelling It is always ready in case of emergency, and, bang constructed a most entirely of steel is thereby safe guarded against ignition whilst at work Fitted with low-down pumps, and capable of lifting 2 000 gallons per hour the mt chine is proving a veritable godsend to producers during the summer months as in previous years an attractive du play was made of Quibell s sheep dip They are now being used in a great number of public dips and sheepowners gen rally have unanimously declared that fo use in "thick" country there is nothing better than Quibell s powder dip The Koerstz wool presses were also on' view, and well worth the inspection of th enterprising and up-to-date farmer They presses need no high sounding superlative to lift them up into a place of prominence in the market to-day They are exceed- singly popular and it need not be asserted that they are among the best presses on the market because convincing proof of this is shown by the fact that there are up: wards of 10 000 Koerstz wool presses in us all over Australia Another most novel and urMo-date exhibit was i W Wolseley portable shearing plant comprising six stands and engine complete Like everything turned out by the Wolseley Company, this plant is British made throughout and the expert in attendance explained its many advantages to all persons interested Other exhibits includes the Renbov patent sheep branding apparatus, "Gisko rabbit killer and Kerol (the perfect non poisonous disinfectant As usual, Messrs Dalgety & Co 's office (rear of grandstand) will be at the disposal of their country clients THE SOUTH AUSTRALIA FARMERS CO-OPERATIVE UNION This company's display of agricultural implements and machinery was of a comprehensive character, embracing all lines for tilling and cultivating the soil Arranged in a prominent position were the "Petter" oil engines, prodigies in power easy running, and proving their excellency by actual performance These engines are so simple and get at-able,' and their system of working and simple mechanical methods do not require the number of valves, levers, pumps, and other complications The makers are proud of then efforts-the development of the oil engine to its present highly practical state is this great work they have made a record in leaders introducing in rapid succession in novations that have made Messrs Petter engines winners in the race for public favor Displayed conspicuously were the Fuller and Johnson double efficiency petrol engines, which have won the appreciation of users for simplicity and convenience if all features of convenience and accessibility they are in a class by themselves Each engine is guaranteed to be of first-class me ten ml and workmanship, and to develop more than its rated horsepower, it combines qualities such. as durability, economy of fuel, upkeep, ease of operation efficiency, and the amount of power developed The farm pump engine was efficiently displayed driving several pumps and hand power machines demonstrating to all the ability to work steadily and efficiently under the severe conditions of out-of-door use Primarily the engine is designed to replace windmills, as the uncertainty of the Tvind itself is a factor to be realised Stock in the hottest of weather often have a trying time for want of water, as wind power is not available The cost is with in the reach of all The engine is economical to run, sturdy, and persistent m whatever it is put to do and ready in an instant whenever needed These engines have been so rigorously tested and tried (really abused) under far more severe conditions than they would ever be called upon to meet in actual use, that a guarantee of unheard-of breadth and liberality is extended The "Federal" harvester is unlike most combined harvesters from the fact of its extreme simplicity of construction, its highest point being only a little above the ty re of the tiny ing weed It is extremely light in draught, all cumbersome complications are dispensed with, and the construction is simply a damp weather stripper and winnower, with grain box and bagger combined The stripping parts alone are driven by belting and the win sowing parts day only one chain The machine is sold with the definite understanding that it will fulfil every promise made and will satisfactorily do the work for which it is intended During the past four years the demand exceeded the supply, and late ordering had to be declined It is almost superfluous to refer to the Mitchell ' drill as being made in Australia by Australian artisans is the machine is known throughout the Australian States, warranted to be made of good material, honestly built and to do good work This is backed up with the makers warranty The name of Mitchell has won the appreciation and confidence of the farmers by sheer ment and quality The manufacturers aims and desires were first and always quality quality of efficiency, quality of intention, without endeavoring to meet competition by cheapening or deceiving The result is a machine highly commended by users for its high standard of quality, doing the work thoroughly satisfactory and economically ' Exhibited and worthy of inspection was the "Continental" (binder, built to give service and satisfaction. There are many features that contribute towards making the machine the great success it is. There is not a radical, freakish, or experimental part, and it is noticeable for good clean cut. into, simple and permanent construction. The hinder should appeal to all farmers, and particularly to those who do not allow price to dominate, but who measure their purchases by results. Satisfactory performance in the field in all kinds of grain and soil conditions have established an enviable reputation. The "Globe" mowers are light, compact, and in every way most perfect and satisfactory machines, and they will give years of hard work, being built of the best material in every instance. On the "Globe" hay rakes there are few parts. In a word, they are simple, strong, and durable really important points in a rake. Convenient and easy to operate, they always handle the lightest or heaviest of crops in a clean and satisfactory manner. Doubtless the first cost of the "Peacock" disc plow may cause some consideration on the part of the farmer, but they are not expensive to maintain, dispensing with mouldboards, and points or shares to break or wear out, as they are not used in its construction. They will work in hard land, and there is no hanging under roots. A perfect furrow is turned, leaving the ground thoroughly pulverised. In trash and weeds the "Peacock" cuts everything before it, and turns it under. It is one of the best general purpose plots on the market. i The "King" disc plows are lighter in con i struction, and being adapted for lighter | country they are extensively used in the northern areas. They have adjustable ! frames, discs bearing adjustable to a variety I of angles in order to give more or less grip for varying conditions of soil. They, are simple in construction and the wear- ing parts are greatly reduced in number. The steady- demand for "One Way" disc cultivators is still unabated. The field affords the test from which it would be idle to appeal, and the good results of this I implement have excited the attention of those who are able to judge the machine's effectiveness. They will work effectively in fallow or stubble land, pulverising the surface soil, destroying weeds, and leaving behind them a good and fine filth to receive the seed. They are wildly and tractaWe, and the driver has full control of the depth or shallowness of the work. The draught is easy, with facilities for altering the angle of gang of discs. The varied display of Smith's fallowing and cultivating plows and implements are the products of the Ardrossan factory. The facility for dusting the mouldboard and dip of the shares was a long-felt require- ment now simplified, and the 1011 pattern embraces these salient points. Thus the implements are now in a class by themselves. there ungrudgingly state that for strength, simplicity, durability, and light ! draught the implements, are unsurpassed, The exhibit was a lavish display of farm- ing machinery, and the Union have spared i no expense to keep abreast of the times by offering patrons first-class machinery. ELDER, SMITH, & CO., LTD. On the western side of the North Annexe a number of interesting exhibits were shown in operation by several attendants. Donald's Wool-press. This is a handy woolpress, which can be moved as desired to any part of a woolshed. It can be used either for full sized woolpacks, or by the use of a false bottom in the lower box, the smaller-sized bales, termed "Dumps," can easily be pressed. Illustrations of this process were given. Donald's Wire Strainer. This ingenious machine, called "King of All," was again on view, illustrating the rapid way in which slack wires can be tightened, cut, and joined, or broken wires mended. Owing to the straining action being continuous, the machine has been used for other purposes, such as rooting up saps kings, and pulling logs out of creeks. The improvement of the grippers being made of dropped forgo steel specially hardened has resulted in the spare parts only being occasionally asked for. I.X.L. Poison Carte. The machine in operation was an "order I nary cart," which is the kind in general I use, and it illustrated the effective manner in which a furrow is made, poisoned baits ' dropped into same, and a rotary disc cover- ing them up. The object of this is to prevent the stock eating the baits, but it does not prevent the rabbits finding them. The other machine shown is a "special sulky," designed for the use of a station manager for travelling over large areas of country. It has wheels of best quality hickory, fitted with adjustable channel Steel tires, which can be tightened when necessary without incurring the trouble and expense of cutting and shutting. Suddeth Ftrrnigators. These machines are for destroying rabbits in their warrens, and one of the special features is the ingenious smoker contrivance for finding out all leaks and escapes in the burrows, and unless these are covered up the deadly fumes of bisulphide of carbon are wasted. Kingloc Droppers. A Erection of a fence was on view showing the effectiveness of these patent steel droppers, which are placed on the wires after the fence is erected and being self-seeking no ties or wedges are required. Another feature is that slack wires can be strained through the droppers when necessary. Bowditch's Self-Closing Gravity Gate. This is a new patent gate, shown for the first time, and the smaller one on view is a practical illustration of the automatic device which renders the gate self-closing. The gates are made of best wrought iron cast together, thus ensuring a rigid article. They can be obtained in all sizes up to 10 ft. wide, with horizontal wires, or with wire netting to make them rabbit-proof. "WILSON" OIL ENGINES AND "HOBART" MOTOR CYCLES. Mr. J. E. Morley, of Victoria Buildings Grenfell-street. showed near the grand "stand Wilson oil engines, for which he is the sole agent in South Australia. They are made by Messrs. C. F. Wilson & Co., at Aberdeen, Scotland, and have a great reputation and sale in the old country and where up-to-date oil engines are required. They are made throughout of first-class material by skilled engineers, and are remarkable for simplicity of construction and sweet running. They are free from complicated parts, easy to start. and anyone without previous knowledge can manage the Wilson, which is economic in oil consumption and just the engine for a farmer. "Wilson" engines will work considerably beyond the brake horse- power guaranteed by the makers, are low in price and high in quality a good investment to anyone requiring power. "Hobart's motor cycles have been consistently successful. The secret of their popularity is the result of Hobart, Bird, and Co.'s wide knowledge and experience in the manufacture, combined with exceptional care in every detail, and the fact that they are determined to keep their motor cycles prominent among all makes. THe ''Hobart" has secured many records, and hat year did the M.O.C. Kop His cSmb at Prince's Risboro in the fastest time, and was awarded special gold medal by that club for a run from Edinburgh to London and back. This machine also won the reliability trial non-stop, the Wren trophy and gold medal, the non-stop in the M.C.C. 100 miles (12 hours trial silver medal). Willersey hill climb (fastest time gold medal). Sutton Bank Hui (awarded medal British Motor Cycle Racing Club (silver medal). Brooklands track (100 miles high-speed reliability trial, time 3 hours 2 minutes, without any stop). This is a record for a light-weight motor cycle. VIVIAN LEWIS. I£BdTim Motor Cars, Motor Cycles. Petrol Engines, and Bicycles. Once again this well-known firm had their display of motor cycles and bicycles on the east side of the Main Hall. Seldom indeed it is that a firm retains such a prominent position for so many years. For two decades the name "Lewis" has been synonymous with quality," and. thou V sands of people have chosen Lewis machines in preference to others, regardless of name or price. No one questions the high standard of the "Lewis;" it is recognised everywhere. Noticeable in this display was a Lewis light roadster, beautiful fully nickelplated all over, and fitted with free clutch and two rim brakes. The handle- bar is covered with black celluloid, which makes a pleasing contrast. A "Lewis" cross frame, bicycle, extra strong, is a splendid machine, and suitable I for a doctor. It is fitted with a Sturmey Archer 3-speed coaster, and finished in black and gold. A "Lewis" light road racer, finished in grey, attracted attention. The Roman aluminium spokes and rims are somewhat of a novelty, and of course wonderfully light and strong. The machine is fitted with narrow section Dunlop tyres, and Major Taylor handlebars. A Special Lewis Royal Argent" light roadster, finished in sterling green, with ! Roman aluminium spokes, rims, and mud ' guards, is a tip-top machine of its class, and worthy of inspection. There were a number of Royal Argent machines attractively finished, and fitted with Eadie coaster, or free clutch, and two rim brakes. "Lewis" Argent machines are lower- prices bicycles, fitted with coaster hub, en- ; smelted black, prettily decorated, and with nickel rims. "Lewis" Motor Cycles have been eminently successful on the track, but even more so in the hands of amateur riders in all parts of the State, and under all kinds of conditions. Amongst those exhibited were several models, which showed the furthest advance achieved in this class of motor. A five or six horse- power "Lewis" equal to ten brake horse- power fitted with two-speed gear, speedometer, and handsomely finished in dust defying grey enamel, sold to Mr. N. i Torode, is a superb machine, and reflects the highest credit upon the makers. Another model, built to the order of Mr. Moyle, is one of the famous hill-climbing water-cooled, machines, fitted with 34 horse-power engines, equal to 61 brake horse-power, finished in motor grey, with handsomely nickelled appointments. A 1911 35 horse-power engine, fitted with heat radiating ribs of extraordinary effectiveness, preventing the need of stopping on a hat to cool down, so often rendered necessary by riders of air-cooled machines, was also on view. This machine is beautifully finished in black en- . camel and nickel. A special feature of ' "Lewis" motor cycles is the large tyres , fitted, to minimise vibration. Another point is that a great proportion of the building is done in the State, and their wear-resisting qualities have placed them at the top of the poll. Motor Cars. Messrs. Vivian Lewis, Limited, are not exhibiting cars at the Show, preferring to concentrate them at their showrooms, Gawler-place (between Flinders and Wakefield streets). Intending purchasers are cordially invited by the firm to see over what is one of the finest motor works in the Commonwealth. The firm are agents for some of the highest grade cars in the world, included among which are Na- pier." "Star." "Daimler" (fitted with silent Knight engines). "Renault." "Bertram,". and "Talbot" cars. No buyer of a motor car can afford to overlook this -display. Car bodies can be seen in pro- series of manufacture -and completion: also the famous "Lewis" petrol engines. These are light, portable, and economical. . J, F. MELLOR (LATE MELLOR BROS. l. The rapidly-growing fame of Mellor's patent clocks pring ploughs is evidenced by the large number of implements which are finding their way to all parts of the Commonwealth. Farmers from Queensland around to Western Australia are using them and sending in astonishingly satisfactory reports of their work and capabilities. Conspicuously placarded on the ploughs exhibited on Mr. Mellor's stand are to be seen some of the latest of these reports. One farmer says he has ploughed 300 acres with a four-furrow without a breakage of any kind, although his land is very rocky. The clockspnng jumping action is perfect and has advantages over the bridle system. One great advantage is the way the plough clears itself when working in dirty ground, straw, and other rubbish, where a bridle plough would choke up. The draught is much lighter than the bridle plough. The plough runs easily and gives no trouble, and there is no doubt, he adds, that the clock spring is going to be the jump plough of the future. The various types manufactured are the "for- lowing," the '"3-furrow medium'' (for fal ? lowing in light stumpy country, especially new mallee land, and also for turning back and working fallow), and the cultivator skim" (for working back or cultivating allow only). Last, but not least, are the new clock spring disc ploughs. The one exhibited is an 3-furrow 6-in. cut. This implement can be converted into a mould board plough. The new patent improved double roller "release" gear is fitted to all the ploughs. This ingenious idea brings \- the clockspring more up to date than ever, for it not only makes the plough take the hardest ground, but also jump obstacles with the greatest ease, without jarring the horses' shoulders. -Mellor's patent bike strippers are also on view. These are made to cut 4 ft. 6 in., 5 ft. 3 in., 6 ft., and 8 ft. of crop. Ordinary and damp-weather (interchangeable), and are fitted with the famous spring steel "save- all", comb, also the one of the best rais- ing, and lowering years ever put on a stripper or harvester. This has a couple of bevel cogs, and its operation is three times faster than the ordinary rack. One man in New South Wales, who used one last year, says that through the superior , rack for raising and lowering the machine his Mellor bike stripper was able to take the crop when the harvesters in the same paddock could not work. It was a 40-bushel crop, much damaged and knocked. down by bad weather. The 8 . ft. machines are fitted with a patent two part better. There is no vibration and four horses work them with ease. Mellor's new patent spring choke cutter is ' bound to BeD in hundreds, for every farmer who sees it is delighted and convinced that it is excellent for strippers and harvesters. Mr. Mellor is busy making up patent "save-all" combs for old machines. Farmers should send in their old combs to work from. It is claimed that the value of an old stripper or harvester is increased 100 per cent, when fitted with a Mellor patent "save- all'' comb and spring choke cutter. DUNCAN & FRASER'S VEHICLES. ' Messrs. Duncan & Fraser, of ' Franklin street, Adelaide, had a superior display of vehicles, sulkies, as, at their usual stand on the Show grounds. This firm have an enviable reputation for high- quality work all over Australia. There is not a State in the Commonwealth with which they do not do business. Among the collection which claimed attention was a superior Abbot buggy fitted with buffalo hide leather hood and trimmings, North British rubber tyres, long- distance axles, and walnut body, the whole buggy being finished in attractive style. Rosa buggies were in two different styles, one hung on side and back springs and the other on cross springs, both fitted with canopy, and finished in natural wood, varnished, with nickelplated mountings, and nicely upholstered. This very useful buggy, both for city and country use was introduced by Messrs. Duncan & Fraser some years ago. and still maintains its popularity, as is evidenced by the large demand from farmers and others for this particular style. The ever-useful express was shown in two styles, one being suitable for a horse and the other for a pony. Mari and Michie buggies are always favorites with those who require a good strong single-seated buggy suitable for rough work, whilst being light in weight. Three varieties of sulkies were shown. One of the bent-shaft class, being fitted with concave leather dash and wings, North British rubber tyres, shifting seat, and everything of high class throughout, was a very attractive and useful vehicle. A No. 95 sulky was a very popular design, which finds a very ready sale, both for city and country use. The other known as the King of Road sulky, affords ample carrying capacity, and is suitable for a fair size horse. These sulkies are all fitted with adjustable seats, so that the balance may be adjusted at will Convertible buggies, with folding hoods, are very useful buggies. When the back seat is not needed it folds up, and gives the vehicle the appearance of a neat single-seated buggy-. Other vehicles include sidecar. Corning craggy, and single-, seated buggies, both painted and finished in natural wood varnished, and a masher a dray goes to make up the collection. All Messrs. Duncan & Fraser's vehicles are fitted with case-hardened axles, spring cushions, and the four-wheelers have Bradley's patent quick-shifting couplings, so that shafts or pole can be attached or changed at a moment's notice. The rubber tyres are manufactured by the North British Rubber Company, of Edinburgh, whose rubber goods command the highest reputa- tion in every part of the globe. Lister Petrol Engines. Messrs. Duncan & Fraser exhibited a full range of the new British-built Lister petrol engines, and it is anticipated that their success in South Australia will be quite equal to that of the other States and New Zealand. The Lister engines combine all the handiness of the petrol engine with the sterling quality of the British-built oil engine. It is three times as durable as the ordinary foreign-made article, and many times simpler to work. It has no adjust- able parts to worry with, oils itself automatically, and, given a certain supply of petrol, it will run a week without stopping if so desired. The Lister engines are entirely British-built, beautifully fitted and brushed with phosphor bronze' bearings throughout. It is a slow speed engine of good weight, hence there is no danger of troubles always found in the light high- speed class of engines. Every Lister engine will do more than its listed load, and for economy in fuel they are unequalled. The makers (Messrs. R. A. Lister & Co., Limited) guarantee every engine to give complete satisfaction, and their name alone stands for excellent quality and efficiency, which is also evident on their Easter sheep shearing machinery and separators. Prices and all details were available by Messrs. Duncan & Fraser on their stand. A. w. rx>BBm~&~co.. GAWLER PLACE. ' in the main hall is an unusually interesting exhibit of Messrs. A. W. Dobbie and Co. The "Microscope" is claimed to be the most remarkable invention since the cinematograph. It throws upon a screen enlarged images of any solid body postcards, photographs, pictures, &.C, ah., in all their natural colors and exquisite detail. Visitors can readily see what a capital entertainer it can be. On and after Thursday Messrs. Dobbie & Co. purpose constructing a dark room and giving practical demonstrations of this yvon derful machine. Fritz Kelvin" and "Schwechten" pianos are also displayed. The former is well known throughout the State as a medium priced piano of the very highest class, while the latter has attained a world-wide reputation for the sweetness, and purity of its tone, durability, and handsome appearance. "Mason v Hamlin" organs are still, to the fore, many leading musicians testifying to the unequalled richness of tone and bell like purity, New Home" sewing machines have had, and are having an immense sale, the reduced prices having placed them within the reach of practically everybody. The New Home" is the essence of simplicity, and can readily be understood and worked by any intelligent child. The workmanship and design is absolute perfection. Over 3,000,000 New Home" sewing machines are in daily use. i Gramophones and Zonophones.-Visitors I will find an excellent assortment of these wonderful machines. They have been perfected to such a degree that it is hard to distinguish between the natural voice and the reproduction. In the Machinery Hall. Of course they formed "Domo" separator is, as usual, the centre of interest. Each year shows an increased sale and added satisfaction. It is equal in every respect to the most expensive separator manufac . tured. It is easy to work. easy to under stand, and easy to clean. It extracts every particle of cream from the milk. What more does a dairy farmer require? Yet the price of a 5-gallon capacity Domo is only £3 10. There are actually thousands in daily use in this State. Pyro" Stoves These are the best kind of kerosene stove on the market. They make, their own gas without smell or smoke; and do not require pumping. This is its leading feature, and" we understand the "Pyro" is the only stove enVbodying it. Another desirable point is that there is absolutely no fear of explosion. Spray pumps are also displayed. E. B. COX & CO. Messrs. E. B. Cox &. Co. had an attractive exhibit in the main hall, where they showed their high-grade agricultural and vegetable seeds. Messrs. Cox & Co. also exhibited "Electro" brand arsenate of lead, which is claimed to be the only brand on the market that can show 20 per cent. of arsenic oxide, as proved by the South Australian Government. On the same stand was a nice assortment of spray mixtures and spray pumps, which interested agriculturists and horticulturists" generally. This firm's exhibit in the North-Eastern Annexe was well worthy of inspection (especially by horse and cattle owners, dog. poultry, and bird fanciers). They were showing the International Stock Food Company's preparations, namely, stock fowl, which is s now being used by all practical stock- owners and breeders throughout the world; also colic remedy, silver pine oil. gall cure, heave cure. Sprat t's patent dog cakes, dog, poultry, and bird medicines, which were neatly arranged had a prominent position, and made an effective display. A Lovers of domestic pets were greatly in- ! interested in this exhibit. With it Messrs. . Cox & Co. showed a large assortment of Spratt's biscuits, suitable for all classes of dogs, from the little toy pet to the big St. Bernard. Other lines displayed by this firm were Hearson'? Champion incubators, Spratt's Lay more for poultry, flint and oyster-shell grit, Avicultura gravel for cage birds dog chained, dog gloves. &c.; Chick vocal (Cox's ideal food for chickens). Cox's Excelsior parrot food, and the High Note mixture for canaries, finches. c, also had a prominent position on this stand. In respect to this exhibit, for the convenience of those interested, Messrs. Cox and Co. instructed their attendants to sell any portion of their exhibit during the four days of the Show. A. W. SANDFORD & CO. The exhibit of Messrs. A. W. Sandford and Co. occupied a central position at the entrance to the machinery hall, and constituted a special attraction to it. 'JRiis company has specialised on refrigeration for many years, and the Alfa refrigerator is now finding its way into all the leading butchers' shops. In fact, the orders for this year have been far and ahead of any previous season, so much so that a special staff of refrigerating engineers has been kept for months past, and will be employed for several to come on the installation of these machines, fulfilling orders in the city and suburbs, as well as the erection of several country ice and cold-storage plants. The Alfa refrigerator is made in all sizes, from the small single chamber machine, suiting the-smallest butchers' requirements and capable of being driven by electric motor from the main, or petrol or gas engine, right up to the huge plants such as Messrs. Sandford & Co. have installed for the-large freezing companies in different parts. Butchers and others interested are advised to inspect the Alfa re frigerator, and arrangements can be made to view them at actual work. The world-famed "Alfa-Laval" cream separator was seen in all sizes, from the hand-driven machine of 14 gallons per hour up to the largest power separator. It is interesting to note that the two largest machines in Australia are both at work in this State and are both "Alfas." The "Alfa" is admitted to be the world's standard, and the sale of these separators is on the continual increase, so that from day to day Messrs. Sandford & Co. are receiving orders from all parts of the State for the famous "Alfa-Laval" machines. Clean skimmers, easy to turn, and easy to clean, they are excellent separators in every particular. Special Silver Medal, Royal Agricultural Society, England, 1911 Show. Visitors interested in motors for general farm work found that Messrs. Sandford and Co. have made this branch of their business a special feature at the show. Great care has been exercised by them in securing the agency for an engine of the simplest possible construction combined with high efficiency, and they have been particularly fortunate in obtaining machinery, of such extraordinary merit as the "Felix" petrol engine. It is undoubtedly one of the most perfect engines-on the market, and visitors had the opportunity of inspecting various sizes at work, pump- ing, chaffcutting, &c.; In the comparatively short space of time Messrs. Sandford and Co. have had the agency for the "Felix" petrol engine they have established this motor on the, market in such a position that sales are being effected in all parts of the State, and a very big future exists for the Felix." It is adapted to all a classes of farm or other work, and is so simple that the comparatively inexperienced can readily master its mechanism. It is of high-grade workmanship throughout, with no batteries or wires, but is fitted with the. Bosch magneto. The more able the critic the greater is the praise accorded to the "Felix, and Messrs. Sandford & Co. extend a hearty welcome to all farmers to carefully examine the "Felix" engine. Ruberoid roofing is securing a continually growing interest. It is the ideal roof s for such conditions as are experienced here, and it was seen in the various colors, viz., grey, red, brown, and green. As proof of the satisfaction, that this material is giving, and, consequently, the popularity it has obtained, it is only necessary to point out that since last show all previous records of sales have been far eclipsed. j CLUTTERBUCK BROS. The exhibit of Messrs. Clutterbuck B occupied the eastern portion of the chinery Shed, and as usual comprised splendid collection of up-to-date farm plements, oil and gasoline engines, for, the purposes of general irrigation and a culture. While the farmer was intern in other portions of the Show, it was farm machinery in which he was dire concerned. The farmer is ever on look-out For implements which will i him the best results with the minimum trouble and expense. That Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros. 1 been fully alive to his requirements evidenced by the implements and mach they had on their stand, and in look! around their exhibit one was struck T its completeness. Everywhere one with machines and implements which, e to the novice, were full of interest, showed what wonderful strides had he made in the construction of labor say machinery for the farm during recent y Prominent in the exhibit were the "i sey Harris" British-made farm impleme: The implements manufactured by that of many have become world famous on its merits, and this is not surprising. Their annual records have shown a < sistent year-by-year increase in the out of the factories. These records tell only of progress but of continued ex fence, and furnish the strongest assume that can be given of the genuine mi and intrinsic worth of the Massey Ha: Company's productions. The Massey Harris Binder. This binder has come to be recognised ? world over as one of the best it is power to buy. It is not a cheap binder in matter of first cost. It is not what peo pay for an article, but what it pays the in return that determines its value, WE farmers consider the saving' in repair by freedom from costly and annoying delay at critical times, and the fact that it v handle crops under the most difficult o ditions, they will find that it is well we: the price asked. The Massey Harris pre-eminently a binder for all conditie or crop, heavy or light. Almost any fc der will do fair work in an ordinary car which stands up well, but if a crop is so heavy, is lodged and tangled, or has a hen course or weedy bottom, a Massey Her works splendidly. The latest improv binder has many special features, have a strong steel frame thoroughly bran and trussed, and roller bearings. who make light draught and save wear. 1 automatic chain-tightener keeps the ch; at proper tension, while the floating water will adjust itself to any Quantity grain, insures perfect elevation. and by the canvas. The reliability of the Mass Harris knotter has long since become matter of common knowledge. It also ties, and always ties he lit. Massey Harris Grain and Fertiliser Dr The importance of using a good drill c: not be overestimated, and especially is of true in the case of the combined gre and fertiliser drill. A drill which will so the desired amount of grain and fertiliser uniformly, and cover all at a unite depth, is worth while buying, even if costs a little more than an inferior dr The Massey Harris No. 8 grain and of utilised drill has been on the market several years, and as the result of < Perienre thus gained it has been improved from time to time until it has reached high state of excellence and efficiency, embodies a positive force feed on star and sowing all kinds of fertiliser with a T* feet even and continuous flow, and it in sows coarse or fine grain positively, u formly. (continuously. and satisfactory' Another important feature is that it do not bruise the ewin. The'sp drills a shown in size from 9 to 17. both in bro and raises. There were other implement: exhibited. manufactured by the compar including mowers, rakes, spring-tooth c: tivators. barrows. c. Old's Gas and Gasoline Engines. Although only introduced into South At tralia by Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros, a coin paratively short time ago, it is really we derful that these machines should have achieved such popularity in so she a time. The Olds Company are among: the oldest manufacturers of gas engines America to-day, and one of the largest the world. the whole of the company energy and brains has been spent in build- ing up a first-class engine. They build a thing else but gas and gasolene engine The increasing demand for these engine not only in South Australia, but the who world over, is the best guarantee of a perfect working machine, and the Olds gas lane engine is fully guaranteed to run pro perty and do good work if proper handled. Since Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros have had the agency for this engine, the sands of horse-power have been sold farmers, irrigationists, and others, and a thing but the highest praise is bestowed c them. This is evident from the number of testimonials which have been received in regard to their merits. Marshall, Sons, & Coy-, Ltd. (Gain: ' borough). No higher standard of British manufacture has been attained than that reached by Messrs. Marshall, Sons, & Coy.. Ltd., the manufacture of their celebrated steel boilers, traction engines, steam engines, &< One of their portable steam-engines was co habited and showed all that is claimed feat by the makers. These engines are i use in all parts of the world, an are universally praised for their excellence. The Blackstone Oil Engines. The name of Blackstone has now become a household word among farmers and others Whose work necessitates the employment of a cheap and effective driving power. The Blackstone oil engine has won a thousand money prizes, gold and silver medals, and diplomas, and has never been beaten in open competition, and any engine with such a record must embody all that can be included in a perfect oil engine. In Australia to-day thousands an in use, and the Blackstone has thoroughly established itself as a simple, economic, and effective driving power. There are a number of special advantages included, in which are the ease with which they are managed, while no attendance is needed after starting for a day's work. The saving of labor alone in this connection is well worth considering. It was also noticed that a lamp is not needed when the engine was working. They are being used for pumping, chaff-cutting, wood- cutting, shearing &c.;, and are giving splendid satisfaction. Motor Cars, &c.; A new feature of Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros. exhibit was the fine display of motor cars. For some time they have given earnest consideration to this line of business, and have succeeded in getting together a case of motor cars that do them every credit, and they deserve every success for their enterprise. The high price of a motor car makes them practically prohibitive to a large number of persons, and the desire of Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros, has been to get a motor car which, while embodying all the standard features of the higher priced cars could he sold at such a figure that it would be within the reach of almost everybody. They have been successful to an astonishing degree and announce with the greatest pleasure that they have high class motor cars from £170 upward. . An inspection of the cars shown fully justified all that is claimed for them, and there is no doubt they are a magnificent lot. Everybody knows that the name Mar- tin" stands for the ball mark of quality, and the "Martini" motor car certainly bears (this out. It is very handsome car, beautifully finished, of the finest workman- ship and material, up-to- date in every respect, and is a further triumph for the quality of the manufacturers that bear this well-known name. The "Russell car was also noticed. This car has all the standard features of construction and materials adopted by the greatest cars in the world. They are powerful, silent, luxurious, and of elegant appearance, and possess the famous Russell quality rarely found outside the most expensive models. Those who remember the first motor cars will readily recall the noise they made while working, and which to a large extent spoilt the pleasure of a motor ride. The "Dennis" motor car, which is also included in the list of Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros.' agencies, was the first car to be recognised as the silent motor. These cars have now been before the public for over 16 years, and each successive year has found them more warmly welcomed by motorists. Each year the Dennis car has made a step in advance, and never once has it looked back. Among the consistent records of success obtained by this car may be mentioned one. namely, the world's record for reliability (4,007 miles), without an involun- tary stop. Perhaps the most interesting motor car on the exhioitwasthe "Flanders,"thecarwhich has revolutionised the automobile industry. When this car is examined one no longer ' wonders that it could have achieved the results which it has. It seems almost incre- j dible that a car which embodies all the latest and best features of motor cars, containing fine workmanship and quality of material, could be sold for under £300.1 "everything about the "EaaAvgi' 5 a-side class and up-to-date. It has three speeds, forward and reverse, and sliding gears, and it is confidently expected that the car away in a short while be as popular in South Australia as it is in other parts of the world. The Flanders. The "E.M.F." is also shown. This car has achieved a world-wide reputation, and has become deservedly popular. Many thousands of these cars have been sold, and they are still selling at such a rate that the problem of the manufacturers is to make them fast enough to meet the increasing demand. The "Sampson car is another of the agencies held by Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros. The Sampson" is a very powerful car. and not only does it look well, but it goes well and will last well, and anybody purchasing a "Sampson" would be satisfied. The "Brush" car is so well known as to need little introduction, owing to the astonishing results it has achieved. When looking at these cars one wondered what it was in them that has given them such a name, but upon close examination one is forced to admit that the Tvorkmanship con i tained in them and the material are excellent. Two of these wonderful little cars were entered for the great Gliddon tour, comprising one of the severest tests in the world the route embodying steep hills, and rocks, sands, etc, and although competing against cars of 60 horsepower. they finished ahead of many, and completed 2,638 miles in 15 days. All these cars are standardised, and Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros, keep a complete stock of extra parts, thus: saving any vexatious delays over fittings, &c.; . ; With such a collection of motor cars at their disposal, Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros, should meet with the reward for their enterprise. | Suction Gas. The producer gas portion of Messrs. Out ter buck's business continues to make pro- grass. The Mond Producer Gas Company, for which they are the sole Australian agents, are receiving orders for very extensive plants. The latest order is for one 32,000-horfcepovver for one of the midland collieries in England. The reason for the Mond plants being so much in favor is because they are designed and constructed i for dealing with every kind of fuel which contains a reasonable proportion of carbon. As showing the advantages of these plants, some of the leading gas engine build cars in England have placed with this company orders for large units to run the machinery in their works. This shows the acknowledged eminence which the Mond gas plants enjoy in the engineering world. The Premier Gas Engine Company are also solely represented in Australasia by Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros., who have had the honor of installing the largest gas engine units yet supplied in this continent. Furthermore, the Premier gas engines are among the largest installations in the British Empire.- These facts should be of much interest to persons contemplating the pur" choice of. machinery of this description of which the economy is so widely acknowledged. It should be mentioned, in view of the proposed reopening of the Leigh's Creek Coal mine, the Mond plants are eminently suitable for burning this class of fuel with the best possible results, and this capability would tend to solve the problem of the utilisation of this fuel for power pur- prizes. Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros, also show a full list of other machinery, including various pumps, centrifugal, and also deep well and double action pumps, made by the well-known firm of F. E. Myers & Brother, and altogether the exhibit reflected great credit on their ability and energy, and was an object lesson on up-to-date machinery, well worthy of close attention by all visitors to the Show. CHARLES WILLCOX & CO. Messrs. Charles Willcox & Co. (late Thyer, Willcox, & Co.) gave special prominence to the "Tubular" cream separators in the main hall. These machines, which are used very extensively in Australia, and are among the best separators yet put on the market, have been improved still more by the manufacturers, and the new 1911 model is perfection in itself. The Sharples Company have also put on the market for the first time a small machine the "Pair Tabular with a capacity of 16 gallons per hour. The price of this machine is within the reach of all, and should be a profitable investment to even those with only a "one-cow" dairy. The "Tubular" was awarded the "special prize at the last R.A. A U. Society's Show held in March, 1911, which is evidence that it is an excellent machine. Messrs. Charles Willcox and Co. have been unable to keep pace with the demand for "Tnbulars." and only this week landed another large shipment of the latest improved LOU mode's from America. First Prize Tubular. To give intending buyers an opportunity of testing the "Tubular" for themselves the agents are prepared to send machines cm free trial to any part of South Australia without one penny deposit, and if the machines do not give entire satisfaction they will take them back absolutely free of all expense to buyers. The firm also exhibited cream and milk cans, concussion and dash churns, butter workers, and all the necessary appliances and requisites for the dairy and factory "Lacfofarina" calf food and Hansen's Danish rheccA and butter color and cheese rennet, for which this firm are sole agents, were nicely arranged in this exhibit The display was a credit to Messrs. Charles Willcox 5, Co., and commanded | the attention of country visitors to the Show. J. S. BAGSHAW & SONS. LIMITED. It was unfortunate that space restricted Messrs. J. S. Bagshaw & Sons. Limited, from displaying a full range of their splendid machinery. What they did exhibit was well worthy of the name of Bagshaw, and gave one the taste for inspecting still sore, and also made a valuable addition to interest one Show exhibits. Messrs. Bagshaw I and Sons stated that they had prepared for an extensive exhibit at the Show, but at the last moment were unable to secure the extra space they had anticipated getting but as the stocks of machinery are on view at their works in Elizabeth-street and at their new factory at Mile-End those interested can have every opportunity of inspecting the machines they anticipate purchasing, or are interested to see. A careful inspection of the machinery shown by Messrs. Bagshaw left no doubt of complete satisfaction in the mind of an intend- ing purchaser, and that if he places an order with this company he will make a safe purchase. Messrs. Bagshaw's exhibit was found in a central position in the machinery hall, and was conspicuous for its array of high-class machinery. It was not missed by visitors to the Show, whether they were interested in the purchase of machinery or yreTe seek- ing knowledge of what was produced in their own State. "Bagshaw" Winnowers. Many years ago the first "Bagshaw" winnower was constructed by the founder of this concern from odds and ends at his disposal. The spindles were made out of an old bullock yoke, and a great amount of scheming and ingenuity was required on that first machine, but it proved a firm foundation for building up a winnower trade. Since that time many thousands of "Bag shaw" winnowers have been manufactured and sent out to the man on the land to help him with his harvesting. The Bag- shaw" winnower is of wide fame, and is selected above others in other States, even after all freight and charg- s have increased the price considerably higher than locally made articles. It does not result in being the dearest machine in the end, for a man is unwise not to study quality when buying machinery. There is plenty of scope in the range of winnowers manufactured by Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons to ensure complete satisfaction of anyone inventing a winnower. They make from the smallest hand- power winnower to the huge power machines that do such rapid work. A 40-year-old "Bagshaw" Winnower. The life and durability of it "Bagshaw" winnower is well demonstrated in the machine Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons have on exhibition at their works. It can be traced back that this winnower is over 40 years old, and to-day it is as red as when it was built. In fact, last season it was lent to a cris some of the company to clean wheat, and he states that it did splendid work. There is no reason why the purchaser of one of the modern winnowers should not get just as good or better service than this, for naturally the winnower has developed in the course of time, and many improvements are on the machine; now that were not on the former ones. Messrs. Bagshaw <fc Sons exhibited their hand-power winnower in different sizes. Four sizes are procurable, with three different types of screen-. "They are supplied either with or without Saggers and transports. The many conveniences, such as hopper board regulators, effective feed regu- lators, perfect wind adjustments, spiked rollers for use in rough sample, chain drive throughout, with tightening devices; hop- per regulator, by which the angle of sieves can be altered without stopping machine; patent are taking board, regulated from the side of the winnower, so that adjust- ments can be made without inconvenience all help to wards making the machine perfectly effective. Improved Motor Winnowers. On the "Bagshaw" motor-power winnower many improvements were noticeable on this season's type. The altered system of drives allows of all open belts being used, the frame is strengthened, the returning elevator is reconstructed and driven by chain. The clutch device for throwing the feed elevator in and out of operation is highly advantageous, for it I allows of the feed" elevator being instantly j stopped if it is discovered that any hard j substance has been thrown into the machine with the greens. The delivery into the top thresher has been rearranged! to prevent any possibility of the wheat being beaten out of the winnower, and the type of thresher need will effectively deal with the masses of tangled Straw which may result through bad stripping. There Are Great Possibilities in such a machine for cleaning wheat. B the use of a top thresher, stripping can be done early and late without fear that the machine did not cope with the rough sample which of necessity results. "Wit wide strippers and Bagshaw power was . Lowers a crop can be quickly, economically and properly cleaned. The question of labor is not a serious one with these winnowers, for in many cases only two me are necessary to work a machine, one t feed and the other to handle the bags. ] desirable cleaning can be done by keeping pace with the strippers so at the end of the day everything is cleaned up and i bags. Most harvesting machinery is used for only two or three months in the year, and for the other months represent so much capital locked up. With th Bagshaw motor winnower it is of service of the year round. The engine fitted wa a "Bagshaw" 5 B.H.P petrol, ca, able of driving all other farm machinery of a size suitable for average farms. One of thes winnowers in operation was inspected a Messrs. Bagshaw's exhibit, and an engine power winnower was also shown in operation. This class of machine, is identical in the winnower portion-with a motor winnower, but it was driven by a separate engine. Bagshaw Chaffcutters. ' Bagshaw chaffcutters were shown in great variety, and a group of cutters in / action was a great attraction, both from the spectacular and the practical point of view, as anybody was at liberty to test the gears of the cutters by subjecting then to the severe test of the forward and reverse motion. Messrs. Bagshaw specialist an chaffcutter manufacture, and can supply from the smallest machines, capable of cutting up a few tons for home use. to the colossal travelling outfit with overhanging knife wheel, suitable for cutting large quantities of chaff. Everything is of the highest quality about the "Bagshaw" chaffcutters The feed rollers are of a special design, which gives the machine the maximum capacity and reduces the possibility . of choking to being almost impossible. The months of each machine are fitted with special steel reversible plates, which when worn can be reversed or replaced at a slight cost. The hand or power reversing gear is offered to intend- ing purchasers. in the power reversing gear machine the clutch, the two clutch pinions, and the bevel wheel are of special cast steel, which not only stand the ex cessive strain put on them when reversing, stock are so durable that Messrs. Bagshaw say that it is a rare thing to have to re- place these parts on a cutter if ordinary care is taken. Different lengths of chaff can be cut by the mere changing of a pinion. It is noticed that in Bagshaw's system of drive the pinion of the forward motion, which has most strain, is placed / Dearest the main bearing. All the spindles throughout are the very best quality, . and the frame is constructed of thoroughly well-seasoned hardwood timber. Cutters were shown with single pulleys for use with horseworks or with fast and loose pulleys with outer bearing for use with engines. Messrs. Bagshaw have justly earned for themselves an excellent repute " tion for chaffcutting machinery. The "Bagshaw" cutter is known throughout the length and breadth of Australia, and it is recognised as one of the best and most efficient procurable. When a chaffcutter is retired for long, hard, and continuous ser- vice, either for use on a form or in a chaff. mill the "Bagshaw" ( is found suitable. The Company are Always Up to Date with their chaffcutters as with their other machinery, and. when special requirements demand a particular type of cutter, they construct the machine specially for the purpose, instead of using an ordinary standard machine. Recently chaffmill work required in extra heavy machine, and Messrs. Bag shaw have constructed a cutter for the purpose, viz., their KBA type. One of these cutters was shown, and it appeared able to withstand all the hard, rough work that is put on a cutter in a chaffmill. Every pair is specially strengthened, and all the gear; wheels are of special cast steel. This type i f chaffcutter is replacing the older ma . shines in many chaff mills, as it has been proved that the expenditure of installing the modern machine is well warranted. ' Chaff elevators of various lengths, with and without bagging attachments, were shown, and the portable cutter with duplex ^ screw bagger is a substantial and well liopgat-out machine. Bagshaw" Petrol Engine. * .. Years ago the demand for an efficient, \- * medium pace, and economical engine was brought before Messrs. Bagshaw by the number of enquiries they had from farmer friends, for such an engine. They set about to design and build an engine to suit the requirements, which they succeeded in doing about six years ago, and ever since they have had a long line of successes. The ever increasing demand for the "Bag shaw" petrol engine compelled Messrs. Bagshaw to increase their machine plant by installing modern machine tools that are specially adapted for petrol engine manufacture. All parts are turned out within an. infinitesimal fraction of an inch, and are interchangeable, and fit like the proverbial glove. The firm have avoided he two extremes-an extremely light and high speed on the one hand, which means weakness and unreliability, and unnecessary bulkiness on the other, and have arrived at a medium weight which combines the advantages of both without the disadvantages of either. They are built to withstand hard, continuous work without unreasonable ' wear. Four- cycle engines only are built, as these are the most prac- ticable. ecouomical,>and reliable of engines, and in the designing of the "Bagshaw's petrol engine simplicity and easy access to every part was kept in view. The engines are all carefully tested before being sent away from the works. In fact, they are subjected to an actual brake act on con- j tinuous running. It must be gratifying to Messrs. Bagshaw that their petrol engine secured first honors for the last four years, at the Agricultural Society's March Show, and at the Chamber of Manufactures recent exhibition all the engines entered for competition were subjected to a severe brake and consumption test. The "Bagshaw" petrol engine came out on top., and was awarded first prize, and the judges Pt marked that "the BagShaw petrol engine developed remarkable power and economy." AU material used throughout of the best, and the perfection of this co struction should result in complete sat faction to the purchaser. A Special Feature of the "Bagshaw" petrol engine is the a priori of a scavenging port, which not on increases the efficiency of the engine, b prevents the burning away of the valve overheating of the engine, and lessens fu consumption. The engine is of a slow speed governing type. The governor is an ingenious lock open exhau valve type on an internal combustion engine, which gives far better results than any other governor The high tension magneto used allows < instant starting, and does away with a electrical troubles. The "Bagshaw' engine is a credit to Australian manufacture Show visitors had every opportunity < judging the engine for themselves, for several engines were shown in operation. I "Allan" Oil Engines, Messrs. Bagshaw have had extensive 1 sales for "Allan" engines, for which the are the sole agents in this State and Victoria. The wonderful simplicity, an splendid finish of the "Allan" engine is at parent even to the layman. Both the land and the lampless type of engine are show; in operation, and it has often been remarked that the "Allan" engines are the last word in oil engine manufacture Messrs. Bagshaw state that it is a mile taken idea that "Allan" lamp ignition i troublesome, for with the "Allan" type of lamp there is far less trouble than with the lamp used for merely starting a lamp less engine. The result of using lamp ignition is apparent. Ignition is more certain, and the highest efficiency is maintained, from no load to the heavier) load than can be given the engine. The engine can be run more economically, and one has not the trouble of lighting another lamp to keep the engine hot when running light, or for restarting after stopping for lunch, sharpening, the knives, &c.; The "Allan" lam press engine shown in operation is the very latest in oil engines, and is a credit to the manufacturers. Pumps. Pumps for wine and water were exhibited. The "Bagshaw" Must Pump is a fine piece of work. This class of pump is being used extensively throughout wineries, for it allows of better arrangement of their machinery than hitherto. Irrigationists did not fail to inspect the "Niagara" centrifugal and "Bagshaw" double-action water pumps. Gearing of various kinds for driving the double-action pumps was shown. Grinders and Crushers of various sizes were among the other machinery. New Factory and Offices. The new factory of Messrs. Bagshaw is ! almost ready, and is well worth inspection, Every operation is carried out with most I approved modern methods. Some of the de- ' partments are already in full swing, but Messrs. Bagshaw state that within the next week or two everything will be transferred from their old factory, and the whole place will be a hive of industry. The offices are now situated at Victoria-street, Mile-End, on the site of the new factory, ; and Messrs. Bagshaw will be pleased to re- I leave all their farmer friends who care to pay them a visit to inspect their new offices and factory. j 