DENMARK AND QUEENSLAND IMMIGRATION By J. P. JENSEN. It goes without saying that Queensland Is one of the most progressive countries under tha sun, and It can also be said that Denmark is the most advanced coun tiry In dairy methods. The up-to-date and practical and scientific training im- parted to the sons of farmers and dairy- men there is well known by results all over the world. Denmark has supplied both Canada and Australia with many such men for some years, who upon settling in their adopted country have proved themselves to be a credit to it as well as to their native-land. The comparative smallness of area in Denmark compared with its population has compelled Its sons to seek wider fields, where their energy, training, and skill would have a wider scope. Canada, quick in perceiving this, lost no time in appointing lecturers and agents, who energetically worked in the rural districts not only of Denmark but also of the southern parts of Norway, and Sweden, and tho northern provinces of Germany (Schleswig-Holstein, which before 1864 were the southern portion ol Denmark). The result has been that Canada has gained much by its timely enterprise. We have certainly also benefited by getting some of these people to settle in Queens- land, although their numbers are very small indeed compared with those who are induced to go to Canada. Why is this so, with the better advantages and conditions here? The answer is not far to seek. Queensland is comparatively unknown to the great masses of the older countries. A direct proof of lg norance of the geographical position of Queensland was on three different occa- sions brought under my notlce during my military service as a Queensland scout with the Imperial cavalry during the late South African war, when Eng- lish officers actually asked me where Queensland was, and, on being told that, it was the northern State of the conti- nent of Australia, they plainly evinced surprise. Their idea was that it was in America. This statement is no fairy tale, but the actual truth. Now, when men of education show such ignorance, what about the rural population who may be easily gulled by clever immigra- tion agents ? A number of people are regularly being attracted to Canada, but if an experienced man, with grit, tact, and energy, as well as gifted with per- suasive powers, was sent to Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and the northern pro- vinces of Germany, some good results should accrue and a number of the right sort of settlers be obtained for Queens- land. Amongst those would be found the very best class of farmers, dairymen, buttermakers, cream testers, cheese makers, &c.; What is wanted here at the present juncture Is men with some little capital, whose experience, training, and calling would induce them to go on the land. Our butter factories and allied industries are flourishing ; and in Den- mark are to he found young men trained from earliest childhood on their parents' farms and in the dairies in the most up to-date methods-mostly supplemented with some years of scientific training in one or other of the agricultural colleges. Men of such stamp would be of im- mense value here, and would be eagerly sought after by employers. Canada is fully aware of these facts. Why should Queensland stand aloof and neglect its opportunity in this field ? When attending the last Scandinavian reunion in the Centennial Hall an Eng- lish gentleman in business in Brisbane made the following remark to me : "What a splendid stamp of people right through, old and young, all so healthy and strong and so well deporting them selves." They certainly were a fine lot, and there are plenty more of an equally good stamp at home. The most excellent and Instructive book. "The Pocket Queensland," issued by the Queensland Intelligence and Tourist Bureau, translated into the Danish language, and judiciously dis- tributed in Denmark, would be widely read there, as well as In adjoinlig countries, That, these northern countries rank among the very best farming and dairying countries in the world Is a long-established fact, and it should be quite possible for Queensland to obtain from there the very class of new settlers we want. Equally as much have we need for young, healthy, and well-trained domestic girls. Just ask any housewife who has ever had the good luck to se- cure a Danish girl as a cook, and you will hear nothing but well-deserved praise. Danish women "can cook." The Danish girls, moreover, have not the inclination to seek factory and shop work as some of our girls here are too prone to do. Many Danes here have from time to time induced friends at home to come to Queensland, and a good many come here. Personally I have Induced several highly desirable men to come here, and I had four such men working for me when I was farming and fruit- growing on my selections These men were selected by my people at home, and thev were good men. The only trouble they caused mo was on account of the covetous eyes some unprincipled neigh- bouring settlers cast upon my men, offer- ing them higher pay. They, however, stuck to me for the term, and four months over ; and they wrote to friends in Denmark, and were instrumental in swelling our population. It is a trait of the Danes that they, as a rule, aro not prone to strike, neither do they figure as agitators. Of the several people I have induced to come here all are comfortably married and have families, with the ex- ception of one. We Danes do not for a single moment protend that we are bet- tor colonists than others, but we cer- tainly claim, without blushing at our conceit, that we are as valuable an as- set for Queensland as the "other fellow." It may not be out of place to say a few words bearing on the sturdiness of the Danish race, leaving its origin out. From the earliest school days the young- sters are continually developed physical- ly by judicious gymnastic instructions, drill, and swimming exercises where pos- sible, and this foundation is followed up by compulsory military service-all of which training cannot fail to impart health, strength, nnd discipline. If our city youngsters could bo brought to "fall in" to similar lines of training, moral and physical improvements would soon follow, and perhaps far fewer cigarette smoking-chalky faces, round-shouldered and stooping weeds would be seen of an evening congregating on our street corners. Compulsory training, with its attendant discipline and "curbing," should vastly improve and benefit our rising generation. 