Mr. William Donaldson has been elected president ol the Duri branch o£ the Farm ers and Settlers' Association, and Messrs. ; A. B. Smith and Geo. Bielefeld, yice-presl dents. ' , The Duri brapch o£ the Farmers and Set tlers' Association intend bringing under Che • notice of the Deputy P«sfcma4te^en«raJW* inadequate postal facilities fcomtoenatfrattT _ with the importance ol the distriet. «" was stated that the present arrangements are no further forward than they, ware a quarter of a century ago. The Duri branch of the F. and S. Asso ciation are to meet on Saturday next to consider tho claims put forward by ' I Rural Workers' Union. . . I " Tho recent rains have done an immense amount of benefit) in tlio country, and gen eral reports from all sources state ttifiw M an abundance of grass. Tho corn cropa^Me especially good, and a record return lot tliis district is anticipated. Mr. Meagher, M.L.A., has been by tho women members of the Damugwn Labor League with a gold'-medal. ^ In a cable to Mr. Fisher, the Pvime Min ister "of Canada expresses regret that_tbe Commonwealth declined to permit tho 'Van couver mail steamers to caU1 at;.,N.o?» Z^ land. ' Tho Royal Commission appointed to in quire into the financial relations of T?ti-mr>"i|t with the Commonwealth will ™e€=fc on February 1. .. The. employees of the Government STUiun . tramways at Broken Hill hare bell that they are to receive an increaa*. »»v wages. Mrs. Dunning, one of tile victims el to® Manly tragedy, is reported to be well! The bullet, • which entered the lias been extracted by Dr. 'frames The wheat afloat for the United is estimated at 2,235,000 quarters, aad. jfer the Continent at 1,735,000 quarters. "1» shipments of American wheat to Europe last week from Atlantic ports were 60,000 quarters, and from Pacific ports 95,000 quar ters. ;,Hio total shipments to Europe weis® 1,010,000 quarters, of whicU 28^0CW,.,q«»l|g* were from Argentine and Uruguay, 3O5J0W from Russia, 111,000 from India, 2<K%MO from Danubian ports, and 85,000 from A*» tralia. King George and Queen Mary wffl vieit India nest winter. British shipowners are not perturbed at the threatened international strike of saitac* and firemen. Tile Danish Minister for Foreign Affairs denies German pressure regarding the de fence of Denmark. Italy has decided to build six Dread noughts, instead of fcur as originally ar ranged. A landslip on the Tnroe-GIoucesior soctiou of tlie North Coast railway caused consider able inconvenience. Mr. Thomas Geraghty's dwelling house and contents, three miles from I-ismora, hare been totally destroyed by fire. In .Sydney yesterday .Michael Keogh was fined ~'<i0 for selling beer without a license. A conference between tlie Builders and Laborers' Federation, representing; all. tilS States, opened in Sydney last ni£&. TbSro are three courses opon to tlie conference. One is to go to the Federal Arbitration CGXirt, another is to strike, and a third is to, continue work oh present "conditions. Tlie ^probabilities seem to point to a strike. : Tho Roman Catholic Conference in regard to the attitude of the State Labbor Govern ment on Catholic education matters, was yesterday opened by Cardinal. Moran., :&"fc St.'Mary's Chapter House. About 100 ■ dole gates were preseut. , v; _ . His Eminence briefly stated tlie objects of the conference, viz., to discuss tho question of .education in all its bearings, particularly with regard to secondary education and. thy conditions attached t° State scholarships and bursaries. The conference is being held with closed doors. : - . : Alfred Warner, 40, met with a shocking death at Fern Hill on Monday. He was working in ii low level sewer, , and descended tlio shaft witli the intention of charging at . the bottom with gelingite. While his mates were watching Warner, a. terrific explosion occurred. , When the noiso subsided Warner was found lying on his side, death apparently having been in stantaneous! Tho right side of his head waa completely blown away, and the left sid# was badly lacerated, the brains protruding. A virulent plague o£ pneumonia is. spread ing in Manchuria. There are 100 deaths daily at Kharbin, and many at Mukden.;'^' The mortality is nearly 100 per cent. A gang of Terrorists took possession of ft railway station at Warsaw, killed two rail way officials, robbed the passengers on the platform, and, two pedestrians in tho ad joining street, killing one of the latter, and escaped. During the past week 9580 acres of Crown lands were acquired by settlers, and a total of 11,529 acres wore made available for settlement. .. - . For the past half-year the total .area of Crown lands taken up was 684,472' acres, while 059,114 acres were thrown open for settlement. Tho steamer Mamari arrived in Sydney on Saturday evening, bringing 488 English immigrants for New South Wales. Of thos& 179 aro comprised by 24 families. ' Designs aro to be called for by the postal authorities for a uniform postage stump for tho Commonwealth. Tho competition is open to tho world. Referring to a paper read by Archdeacon Lefroy at . the Seieneo Congress, Mr. Fisher said "that nl possible would be done by the Governmonlijip ■protect Australian aborigin als. . A great fire occurred at Winnipeg. Kino business houses wore gutted. Tho loss is estimated at £00,000. No lives were lost. In extinguishing the fl.unes firemen worked with the thermometer bolow zero. " Router's correspondent at St. Petersburg states that there have been further earth quakes in Turkestan. "Throw physio to tho dogs, but give me NEMIA TONIC.* 