HEARD ON THE CAB.. Of the proper things to do when visitmg^Fremantle one is to stay at the Park Rumored that. Danish may be tire nex-t Literal, candidate for the Fremantle <setat in the Federal House of Representatives. Catener W. J. Green, denies thait lie is .the father of fourteen. We tak,«e his word, for it. Hiarry iBolton tells a good story against himself. During the recent arduous campaign, he had occasion to address an assemblage of farmers at Jandakoit, a<nd Harry was telling them rthat he knew (all 'the requirements of itlie cockies. "There's nothing about farming that I cannot do," remarked ihe, in a fine* burst of enthusiasm. "No?" «ejaculated one thoughtful gentleman aib -the back of the shall, "but can you lay am egg?" Mav Roy Donaldson, formerly a well-known member of the Freanianfcle Swimming 01 ub, and who is now stationed at Calcutta, writing to a •friend ait Fremamble, states that he won the 220 yards race for the Viceroy's medial, the <pnemiier swimming sev-emt of India, on September 2, and also two lengths hiaadicap over 66 2-3rd yâirds,. in 42 seconds. Two years agjo, -Donaldson was to have competed in th)e Viceroy'is event, but an injury to .his arm <m the morning of the race .prevented him from swimming. On Saturday last, Charley Pierce definitely shook the dust of Fremantle from his trilbies. For some considerable dime Charley has not been in the best of health, sand it has been niecessary far him to xeanove to a different climate. He disposed of hie hotel license, and for the finsfc-time for -many years another aamte than Pierce appears over the main entrance of His Majesty's. Charles has purchased a farm a* Bindoon, a plai 60 miles away from Berth on rtfoe Midland land, and henc^orth he will be a farmer T^e wash htoi all the good things that ought to come ithe way of one of Nature's gentlemen. Whien the late teiaan of South African cmcketers landed Sn Australia, they were somewhat nervous, for they had learned that the Australians were dreadful larrikins, and that when the team go^ to Sydaiey, the Larrikins would be foomibamding them with glass bottles. W%en a representative of the "Golden Gate" had a yiarn with Reggie Schwartz at Fremantle on the occasion ' •of (the .liatter's returning to London per Orient liner, he said -that all the South Africans were delighted to find Ausstcal'iians such fine sportsmen. The one gentleman we have to thank for the a onigiinial circulation of the glass bottle canard is Mr. Blooming Plum Warner, •who is dufe to arrive in Australia again per the R.M.S. Orvieto in three weeks tione. a George Wyatt, the popular manager in n Fremantle for Armstrong's sports depot, has^ a great eye for mechanics. Thinks there is a fortune awaiting a man who f can invent an automatic tyre puncturehealer. We agree with; probably there r is—same as fame and fortune awaits the d cove who can discover a lotion to re- h thatch bald heads, or invent a pill to t cure bad luck. But everything has its a limit. v u t H One of the funniest all- round athletes in l the city is A. F. Collyer. While comparaively a young man. he has excelled at sports he has taken up. including bowls. s croquet, and gold. During his recent trip T o England, he played the latter same a u ood deal, improving himself considerably t herebv. All his friends were delighted d hen, the other day, he beat the bril- L lianî, Anderson by 5 and 3 The funnv part about this game, which was one of the rounds for the State championship, was that before the match with Collyer,' Anderson was making arrangements with another golfer for the date on which to plaV off for the final. Truly yet another case of l'homme propose, Deus dispose. The Rev. Jenkins, of the local Wesley Manse? is greatly interested in the present flood of immigration. Whenever an immigration boat comes alongside Victoria Quay, he generally makes his appearance, and assists with advice any Britisher who at first finds himself somewhat bewildered. One of the "West's' 5 most trusted henchmen is Charley Frost, at present Fremantle manager of our only daily paper. Charley knows more about Fremantle than any other pressman we wot of, for he did a lot of hard reportorial graft during the .days of the great strike, and during the time the sea craft berthed at the Long Jetty. His career in, -journalese in both Melbourne and W r es| Australia has been a long and creditable one. 