OUR. LONDON LETTER. I FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, 14th April. A suggestion that the Commonwealth Government should appoint and Attach to its XaOndun staff a veterinary Burgeon whose duty it would be to assUt in the working oE the new Australian meat regu lations and to serve as a medium of friendly- communication between the Com monwealth und the Dnglish health inspec tors has been made to the High Commis sioner by Sir. J. D. Stewart, professor of veterinary ecienec at the Sydney Univer sity, who is on a visit to Europe. Before he left Australia in February last Mr. Stewart was asked officially to see the leading sanitary authorities, meat inspec tors and departmental heads concerned with the purchase oE meat supplies for the army and navy, and to make them more fully acquainted with, the improvements recently effected in. the A-ustralthn meat inspections. He states that his explana tions were received with marked interest, that the establishment of the new Aus tralian system of inspection is everywhere welcomed, and that its results will be closely looked for in future meat ship- tt011M SHCk bodies as the London Health department and the Local Govern- Board. In his representations to the High Commissioner on the matter Mr. Stewart notes that the United States and -New Zealand have veterinary surgeons watching their meat imports into Eng land, and he points out that an Australian expert, could, by keeping in, close touch With the English authorities," frequently prevent or render unnecessary the publica tion of statements which are liable to do serious injury to the reputation of the Australian meat trade. The New Zealand veterinary inspector receives an annual salary oi £425, with an allowance of 15/ per day for travelling expenses. Australia has begun to compete, with the Argentine in the supply of frozen meat to the Swiss markets. Acting recently on a suggestion made by Dr; Ernst-Carroll, an ex-Australian now settled at Ncuehatel, the Commonwealth High Commissioner communicated with the Government of Switzerland, through the British Foreign Office, asking that the advantuge of modi fications then proposed to be made in the Swi$s law relating to meat imports should not be limited to one country alone, and stating that the improved system of in spection in Australia ensured a high standard of quality in the meat exported from that country. These representations nave had the desired effect. A first ship- inent of 400 carcases of Australian mutton, fonvnrded in the first week of April by the o -luJ ?ju"dar? -Produce Company, of fomithncld, lias been landed in good condi tion at Basle, and this coiisignment has been promptly followed by another, con sisting of six ear loads of Australian beef, unit ton and lamb. The managing director .of . the company, Mr. C. R. Valentine, mentions in a letter addressed to Sir George Reid t'hat there is some difficulty m getting the meat through German terri tory to Switzerland, but that it can be' overcome by "personal supervision" during transport. The meat can, moreover, be sentnb.v two or three alternative routes. One-half of the second consignment re ferred to was forwarded via Antwerp, nnd the other via Boulogne. Mr. Valentine has appointed a trade agent for his firm at Basle, and arranged" to send regular con- signmeiilts- of Australian meat there. A singularly arid and lifeless record is presented in the latest annual report of the Dominions department of the Colonial Office. Nearly half of it is made up of reprints of acts of Parliament nnd proposed legislation. The remainder consists chiefly of a bare chronicle of past events, to which nre added particulars — given in rather petty detail — of the movements of various public men. The blue-book may have a limited value for purposes of future reference, but it does not contuiii anything that might not have been compiled by con tract outside of Downing- street. As a source of inspiration ' on the larger afl'airs of Imperial concern it does not differ much from "Wliittaker" und the "Melbourne l5i- rectory." The reticence of the Dominions department about itself recalls Mr. Amery's humorous expression of doubt as to the reality of it's existence. It remains, -without- visible individuality, a part of the Colonial Office, inauaged by English offi cials, who still fail tb give any sign oi initiative or imagination. The only portion of the report relating to Australia which exhibits any consider able venture in the direction of comment is in part a characteristic echo of views on emigration expressed on diiferent occa sions by Lord Crewe while Colonial Secre tary. The particular matter referred to 13 a suggestion tliut.lads should be taken in larger numbers from the United King dom, and trained to agricultural work in Australia. "The United Kingdom," the report states, "has no surplus of agricul tural labor, the type of labor which the Dominions desire to attract. It is the town-dweilcr who is most often . disposed, and most often encouraged, to emigrate. But Australia lias no wish to add from ex ternal sources to her urban population, and she doubts, not without reason, the capa city of the adult town-dweller to succeed in agricultural pursuits. There is much to be said in favor of the policy of catching the towh-dweller young and training liim in the Dominions for agricultural work he- fore he has hud time to fonn the habits and acquire the temperament which unfit- him for agricultural labor. In this way the needs of the Dominions can he met, and no. exception can be taken to the transplantation from the United Kingdom of certain youthful members of the com munity for whom the industrial open ings at home are few- and unfavorable." How -much more speedily and substantially the chief need of the Commonwealth can be met is apparent from the steadily in creasing number of adults with some money and practical experience of rural pursuits who are seeking information at the Aus tralian' Government agencies in London. Evidently there is still a very large supply of this class of emigrants, not only willing but anxious to leave their country. The emigration of Scottish people to Canada has begun to alarm the Labor members in the House of Commons. They have drawn tiie attention of the Government to it. The Government appeared afraid to at tempt any explanation. Sixteen additional applicants for irrigated land in Victoria, whose capital averages a little over £350 each, have been dealt with at the Government agency within the last few days. All have been "approved, und will leave for 'Melbourne in May. In August last '& resident of Copenhagen, Herr Olaf Lassen, was appointed to' serve as a tem porary agent in connection witli the emi gration of Danish farmers to Victoria. Mnnev was -Innnerl fn Roroi'nl nf flio fnrinm's in part payment of their travelling Ex penses. Information hns just been received in London to the effect that this business transaction is held by the Danish Govern ment authorities to be an (infringement of a local' emigration law passed in 18U3, and without waiting to give any preliminary warning to the Agent-General they have begun legal proceedings against Herr Las sen. It appeara that before the apjioint- nient of the Victorian agent Mr. Mead had met representatives of the Danisii Go vernment at Copenhagen, and was left, as a result of his interview with them, under a distinc£ impression that no official ob jection would he raised to the limited amount of emigration work _ which the agent would be asked to carry, ijijt. A queer ex planation of the affair comes from an at torney engaged by Herr Lassen for iiis de fence in the case. There is, a suspicion, he states, that the Danes encouraged to go to Victoria will be kept there in compounds like those in which the Chinese miners are confined in South Africa. If so ignorant a notion is seriously entertained in Den mark—and it is difficult to believe that it. does exist— Mr. Billis should ihe able easily to dispel it in the course of a visit to Copenhagen which he is about to make. Among many important matters dealt with in the report of the Board of Trade on work and wages and the cost of living in the United States there are two which should have some interest, to Australian readers. One relates to the wealth and prosperity that followed upon the encour agement of immigration on a big scale; the other concerns the experiment of the use of the trade union label on manufactured goods. According to this report, one vastly important factor in America's prosperity lies in the circumstance thnt between 1800 and 1900 the population of the country in creased by 1332 per cent., as compared with 156 per cent, for the United Kingdom. A vast proportion of this increase was due to immigration. Between the Declaration of Independence and 1820 the total immi gration is estimated at only 250,000, mostly from, the north of Ireland and Scotland; but- between the latter year and 1910 the 00 wmnnn .lny.nl.S,r<uits is returned at ncurlv 1 individuals. In -the year 1907 1,285,349 persons landed in the United States. Dunne the, greater purl of the last century the vast proportion of this huge flood came from the United King dom, but in recent years Slavs and Italians form the bulk of the immigrants, nnd this preponderance still continues. Nearly half the total white population of tiie Ijnited States is of foreign stock — that is, of immi grants or tiie descendants of immigrants who landed subsequent to 1800. It is hardly possible to realise that the white population of the Republic in 1800 was less than_4,500,000, or about the same as the present population of the Commonwealth. No opinions are expressed as to the suc cess or otherwise of the use of the trade union label, but a few facts are stated from information obtained directly from employ ers and trade unions. These latter organisa tions have reached a very' high degree of development in America. Many factories in certain cities are entirely closed to1 non- unionists, and' a distinctive feature of American unionism is the employment of the "trade union label." This is a small stamped label" attached to garments or boots, or, in the printing trades, a small "imprint", denoting tlmt the article is tho product of labor employed under approved trades union conditions. The firms author ised to use the "label" form a small minority of tho trades as a whole. Trades unionists in America probably number nlto- gether about 2,COO,OOU. 