THE LAND AND THE PRODUCER. THE BLOSSOMING DESERT." THE OLD AND THE NEW. " (By "Canyon.") No. 2. The history of this remarkable desert," which once came nigh to being deserted, is fraught with romantic interest. Tales could be told of heroic pioneering days, of tribal fights, and the night corroborees of lusty ochre- daubed aborigines, of hard times when sheep died from lack of water and herbage, when the ravages of wild dogs were fierce and relentless, and when sheep were shepherded by night, of fortunes wooed, won, and lost, and of priva- tions suffered by flood, fire, and famine, due to storms or the difficulty of communication with the settled districts or the tea board. they make a story from which could be weaved a garland of honor for those who have gone before, but it is not my purpose to do other than to take the country as it is, and eschewing the side- tracks of roughage, show in a practical way how the old system of occupation and utilisation has made way for the new, and how the old school of pioneers with their haughty and deep- rooted contempt for anything that smacked of tillage, has been replaced by pioneers of a younger generation, whose success is bound up in the disc plough and consistent manuring. These latter will take credit in time to come for their work, which is paving the way for the recognition of the successful farmer as a member of a scientific profession, in which master minds are needed. No one seeing the remarkable development that is taking place to-day in the districts mentioned will imagine that little more than a decade ago the country from Bordertown to the Coorong was practically deserted by the original squatters. Yet this is so, for of all the old holders of land there Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Makin, of Mount Monster, Keith, alone are left. For 25 years they have battled along together, and, with a happy family growing up around them, have waged war against adversity. Moreover, they have con- quered. They saw old squatters go; they saw new ones come and go; they saw lease after lease abandoned on account of the almost insuperable difficulties raised by vermin-and still they clung to their holding. Now they have emerged into the ocean of prosperity, and truly they deserve it. Hear the words of Mr. Makin him- self "When I came here 35 years ago," he said, "there were a few dingoes, and when the rabbits came and increased the wild dogs also increased alarmingly. The ravages the dogs made among the sheep were disastrous, and to scare them I went out, night after night, blazing away blank charges into the blackness of the scrub around the flocks, only to find in the morning dozens of dead sheep in the tracks I had made on my rounds. I paid workmen for dogs' scalps, and in one season i alone . paid for" one thousand. The onslaught of the dogs was general, and lease after lease beyond us was abandoned, with the result that the dogs became more daring in their enterprises. Their outrages were ruinous. I knew that if we were to be placed in a position to re- pel attack a dog-proof fence on the north side of the diagonal railway line was essential. _ The Bordertown council, under whose jurisdiction we are induced other South-Eastern councils to join them in approaching the Government. The movement was successful, and now the South Eastern Wild Dog Association, of which Mr. T. McCallum is the chairman, retains a trapper, Mr. Gibbs, of Coonalpyn, who is almost famous in these districts for his skill, to k3! the dogs. The fence prevented any incursion of dogs from the north, but if one gets over word is sent to the trapper, who bags the marauder in a few days. In the early days when I first came here something like 40,000 sheep were shorn at the Tintinara station. But they had heavy losses there, as did also the late Mr. H. Gooch, who subsequently died at Cooke's Plains, and Mr. H. Scott. In the old days scrub had to be burned every few years to keep up ' the', stocking capacity of the country. More than tin can be done now, for a new era of development has come in. It really dates back to the discovery of the value of phosphatic manures, and to the use of these artificial fertilisers by Mr. Whittle, who came from Port Broughton nine years ago, and began to grow wheat. Previously two Germans had essayed cereal culture without manures, but their attempts were not encouraging. We had always grown hay for our own requirements, improving the soil by the addition of organic manures from the stables and sheep-yards. The proved merit of the supers, however, gave a new impetus to successful management, and now I consider-that country that has been cleared and farmed will carry from three to four times the quantity of stock it did previously." So it is that prosperity has come to Mount Monster, and with a succession of good seasons life has been bright. Some- thing like 12,000 sheep were shorn last shearing, but their number will be reduced when the leasehold of 59 square miles of scrub country is thrown in in about three years' time. Even now, though, all is not quite a bed of roses, for there are problems in rabbits, stock diseases, and seasons, and prices to be studied. Still, the pinnacle of successful achievement has been reached by Mr. and Mrs. Makin, and as worthy pioneers who have triumphed over difficulties which would have struck fear into the hearts of many present-day agitators, they may rest content. A pleasant homestead about two miles from Keith is where the Makins live. The country leading to it from the town is sparsely covered with gum trees, useful for firewood or posts, and on the way thither the visitor passes a modern resi- dence just erected by Shannon Bros., who have had a small area here under crop. At Mount Monster a garden established about 15 years shows healthy fruit trees and vines, which bear prolifically in season. The difficulty is how to keep away the birds. Parrots are especially troublesome. Near the homestead a few grand specimens of wattle trees, one with a girth as thick as a man's body, are quite equal to the best I have seen in the choicest wattle country. They indicate potentialities for wattle culture, when the Federal Government open their eyes to the fact that a duty on Natal bark is imperative if growers are to be induced to plant. Without a duty, a profitable South Australian industry must be crushed to the wall The garden was established without irrigation, but now water is laid on from, a big overground stone tank, which is filled by pumping from a bore close to the homestead. A I spring was tapped at 280 ft., but the ; bore was continued 200 ft. further in search of a stronger supply, with the result that "bedrock," or granite, was touched. The water consequently is drawn from the 280ft. level. For some years the policy of dealing has been fallowed at Mount Monster, and now something like 9,000 acres of light, loamy land over limestone and clay sub- soils, have been denuded of their natural vegetation. About a thousand acres annually cleared and cropped, and the resulting average of from 7 to 8 bushels pays for the work, and, by stimulating the growth of herbage, makes sheep-breeding more profitable. The season's harvest is now over, and the stubble waving in the fields, taken in conjunction with the sturdy teams of horses pulling in the last load of golden grain, make one rub one's eyes in wonder when one remembers that there are people who still persist in calling the Ninety-Mile Plain a desert. The land is first either authorized or rolled, according to whether it is gum or mallee country. When the timber has dried off a firestick is put in care being taken to ensure a good even burn. The land is then ploughed in preference to being disced, as this is considered to be more effective in killing the undergrowth. The,' shoots that spring up for a number of years are destroyed annually, and, as a consequence, the parent stock usually die in four or five years. Fallowing is regarded by Mr. Makin as a practice which, if followed by the farmers of the district, would bring them in more profitable returns. Although not required to husband the moisture in the soil, it is essential to its proper amelioration. He estimates the cost of producing a crop on this country at about 17/6 per acre, but the methods adopted and localised conditions would probably lessen or increase this figure on some farms in the locality. A lot of the country hereabout should be very suitable for lucern culture, as water supplies can be tapped in a lot of it at depths ranging from 7 to 20 ft. The new taxation assessment has come in for much unfavorable comment in this district, and there appears to be jus-i&ca;/ tion. for the statement, that where it has been trebled on second-rate mallee land, the landholders have been given a deter- rent instead of encouragement. The Government, in failing to recognise that the man on the land is the backbone of the country," says Mr. Makin, have done their best to handicap development here. Some of this country in its unimproved state would carry one sheep to 20 acres, and because the owner, with great expense and hard work, increases its pastoral capacity by the use of the plough, ne is condemned for his progressiveness. and made a subject for the imposition of greater taxa- tion. If ploughing was allowed to count as an improvement which adds to the fertility of the soil as it does here there would be no room for complaint.'' SUCCESSFUL WHEAT CULTIVATION. SOME IMPORTANT FACTORS. At the conference of upper northern branches of the Agricultural Bureau, opened at Quorn on Tuesday by the Minister of Agriculture (Hon. J. P. Wilson, an instructive address upon factors in sus- , cessful wheat growing was delivered by the Acting Director of Agriculture (Mr. A. E. V. Richardson). The lecturer dealt first with the spirit of progress . among farmers. He pointed out that the total area of fallowed land had increased from 24\. percent, in 1896, to over 50 percent, to-day, while north of Adelaide there had been an increase in fourteen years from 26 to 62 per cent. He went on to say: "Further progress is absolutely inevitable for two reasons:-(1) Because there is room for a great increase in the area under cultivation. (2) Because there is room for greatly increased efficiency in South Australia. The expansion of the area, under cultivation is a political problem, to be settled by a vigorous policy of land settlement and railway development, combined, perhaps, with an enlightened and comprehensive system of immigration, So far as efficiency is concerned improvement may be expected from three directions (1) In the development of more efficient machinery. (2) ally paying more attention to the seed. (3) By paying more attention to the soil. One of the most important improvements in wheat cultivation was] come when farmers generally realise the importance of selection of seed. The term selection may be used to indicate several different meanings. Some years ago it was not an uncommon practice for some farmers to sell their best wheat and to sow their worst as seed. It is surprising how widespread is the belief that puny, shrivelled seed will give as good a crop as plump, graded seed. A good graded seed is bushels better per acre. On every farm you will find that the difference in the yield of two given varieties of wheat under the same soil and climatic conditions is frequently sufficiently great to Day the rent and interest on the land on which the crop is grown. At Parafield, for instance, Bavah wheat returned 06 bushels, while Cedar yielded only 161 bushels. The differences of soil and climate in various parts of the State are such that one could never expect any one particular wheat to do well under all conditions There can be no doubt, however, that wheats that mature remarkably early would be well suited for our drier northern areas. Certainly during the last few seasons the late varieties have turned out well. This may be seen from the high yields obtained from varieties like Marshall's No. 3 and Yandilla King in our departmental tests. With a return to more normal seasons when we may n: poet periods of extreme dryness in spring it is obvious that we should endeavor to secure varieties which mature quickly and are well on towards maturity before the dry spells set in > Such wheats axe Bunyip, Cumberland, Thew, King's Early, Gluyas, and Firbun Improving the Yield. "It is possible by selection to rain, strains of wheat that are more prolific than those we grow. A simple, effectual, and practical process of selection adopted by every farmer in this State would mean an increase on the basis of last year's harvest of four to five million bushels, or a cash equivalent of £1,000,000. Selection is based on these fundamental principles. No two plants are absolutely identical, Every plant, even of the same species, has certain characteristics, certain properties, and certain attributes whereby it differs from all other plants of the same I specie-. The struggle for existence is another powerful factor inducing varia- tion. Weaker plants are forced to the wall; the stronger, after a fierce struggle, survive, and are best able to adapt themselves to their environment. _ Farmers can apply these principles in a simple manner. A very effective way of accomplishing the object would be as follows, provided the wheat has been fixed, and-is not of a hybrid character. Go through a field of well grown wheat of the variety you wish to improve by selection. Strap a broadcasting tin across your back, and go through the field selecting all plants which stand out as superior to their neighbors. Choose sufficient of the best heads of these selected plants to yield on hand threshing about 10 lb. of clean seed. This should not require more than a couple of hours' work at the outside. The grain you thus obtain represents the best heads of the elite of that crop. Grade this 10 lb. by passing it through a few hand wheat sieves, and sow this in one long strip with the drill. Ten pounds should sow one-fifth of an acre, and will represent your "stud wheat" plot. In 1911 go through this one-fifth acre and select 10 lb. of the produce of the very best plants, and, after grading, sow it in 1912 as your "stud" plot. Strip the balance of the one-fifth acre, and saw all of it in j 1912 for your "seed" plot, because from this you will have the seed to sow on a larger scale the next season. This five-acre plot should give you enough seed for 100 to 125 acres, and this will be your "bulk" plot, where the ordinary fare. wheat will be grown year after year. This is all you want each year) A "stud" plot of one- fifth 'acre 10 lb. of seed, a matter of a few hours' work. (2) A "seed" plot, which will be sown from the balance of the "stud" plot. (3) A bulk plot, which will be sown from the seed plot, and which will form the main crop of the farm. Now, this applies only to one variety. If you are sowing two or three varieties _ in large quantities, the same procedure will obtain in each case. Cultivation of the Soil. "South Australia has a reputation throughout the Commonwealth for the way in which the cultivation of the soil is carried on. Most farmers are careful in this matter. Experience in the drought-stricken north 10 years ago compelled them to cultivate the soil properly, or starve. There is an old saying that cultivation is the best manure, and a truer has never yet been propounded. Deep ploughing, however, is the secret of success in an arid district provided the subsequent work of cultivation is thoroughly carried out. The soul that is deep ploughed is in the best possible condition to store up moisture; for every inch deeper the, soil is stirred 200 extra tons of soil particles are broken up, and made available for the work of moisture conservation. The average depth of ploughing in South Australia is not more than 30 to i in., but in the arid states of America and the Transvaal farmers plough regularly 10 to 12 in. deep. The necessary corollary to deep ploughing is intelligent working. The third essential to successful cultivation is systematic manur- ing. And in this connection two problems present themselves. (1) What kind of manure should be used, and (2) how much should be applied per acre. In Australia phosphoric acid is the one thing needful. Generally speaking, in the moister districts more super can be put on than in the drier districts. T Prevention of Disease. "The roost serious diseases affecting wheat areas) Rust, (2) smut and bunt, and 'take-all.' Red rust can be mitigated by sowing rust resistant varieties of wheat, and by sowing varieties that mature quickly, and so help to escape the rust. Bunt and some are within the control of every farmer, for experience has conclusively proved that properly pickled wheat is quite free from smut. Preventives: Bluestone 1 lb. to 10 gallons water; for- makin, 1 lb. to 50 gallons water; fungusine mixed in accordance with directions. Take all, like the other diseases, is a fungus growth (Ophiobolusgramims). It thrives on wheat, barley, and natural grasses but has not been observed on oats; therefore, fallow early, keep down grasses and weeds, sow oats and fallow again. "Our cry should not be more land but better farming,' and when the South Australian farmer sows those varieties of wheat which are best suited to his district, pays the most careful attention to the preparation and grading of the seed, adopts a rational scheme or selection for improving the yields of those varieties which suit him best, and cultivates and manures the soil with skill and insight, South Australia will have gone one step further in the evolution of her agricultural industry, and the South Australian funnel will reap a richer reward for his toil than did his predecessor in the past." CO-OPERATIVE EGG CIRCLES. THE POSITION IN ENGLAND. In view of the recent decision of the State Government to withdraw support from the egg circle movement, it is interesting to note the following extract from an article on poultry in "British Producers' Journal, under date of January 11. Professor E. Brown, F.L.S., writing on the subject, says "Co-operative egg and poultry societies have been established as a result of the propagandists undertaken by the Agricultural Organisation Society, the Scottish Agricultural Organisation Society, and the Irish Agricultural Organisation Society, within their respective spheres of influence, and these will increase more rapidly in the near future. ( One effect of co-operation is to compel traders to adopt improved methods, and to pay higher prices to producers. The mere suggestion that a co-operative egg and poultry society should be established has led to an immediate advance in prices paid by traders, and to a higher standard of quality. Whatever tends to improved quality and quantity is desirable. An impelling force such as co- operation is protective to the producer, and also often U the stimulus needed by him and trader alike. The consumption of eggs and poultry in Germany has increased, and supplies of imported eggs have steadily declined in Great Britain since 1903, leading to advance in prices. This influence has continued in 1910, have that Russia has made an increase The time has come when a more deba* mined effort (shall be put forth to increased, production in the United Kingdom, so that we may be, except for the cheapest grades, less dependent upon imports of the higher quality produce, and of seconds. Ireland can do more! and Scotland should supply eggs and poultry to the value of three to four million pounds sterling annually. Such supplies could be placed upon the markets equal in quality and free ness to the Danish. The last-named we shall continue to need, but the signs are that longer- distance supplies' will further decline in the near future. Each country would continue to supply the first (juah'tV produce for local trade by reason 01 near- ness of producers and consumers. The inflation of prices beyond what they are now will assuredly be lessened consumption. We have reached the point where the risk of further advances is considerable save, perhaps, for a few weeks in the spring, though the MI then is much less marked than formerly. Should imports continue to decrease increased prices will naturally follow, unless checked by greater home production." PKOTT CROPS ATfJTURT, , UPPER STURT, February 13. Every thing has been freshened up by the rain. The weeds have started growing again, and the green fruit will be much benefited. The fruit crop is almost a failure in some gardens. Although the trees were full of blossom, the fruit failed to set welL Some of the oldest residents cannot remember such a cool summer, and they consider the frost and snow in October is the cause of the fruit getting so badly. There is considerable surprise manifested at the low prices for fruit. For example, Duchess pears. 3/6 to 4/ per acre, that is, 4d. per lb.; plums, 2/6 to 5/ per case tor is. to 1d. per lb. The shops sell the same fruits from 3d. to 4d. per lb., and on the carts in the streets they range from 11d. to 3d. per lb. It is not the producer who gets the benefit of the better retail prices. There is talk among the fruitgrowers of combining to establish a central distribut- ing agency in Adelaide. If they desire to get fair remuneration for their produce they must be unanimous. THE MOORAK ESTATE. MOUNT GAMBIER. February 13. The Deputy Surveyor-General (Mr. E. M. Smith) to- day inspected the Moorak estate, which is under offer to the Government for closer settlement -. ACTIVITY AT PORT WAKEFIELD. PORT WAKEFIELD, February 18. The late rains have started the green feed in all directions, and have destroyed all the old grass. Already stock is beginning to look for the fresher sustenance. Many favorite spots are giving a bountiful harvest of mushrooms, which are much sought after. A lot of water has gone into the lagoon, and with it several small flocks of teal. Last Saturday night one gentleman counted 23 ducks on the lagoon and 32 guns on the banks waiting: for the chance of a lifetime. Thousands of tons of superphosphates are being landed here, some by rail and more by the ketches. Farmers are busy carting this and building material out to all parts of the district. The wheat rush is nearly over. There are nearly 300,000 bags of wheat on the wharf, and a great deal of it is under cover. The wharf is about as full as possible, and presents a magnificent sight. At some of the outside railway-stations thousands of bags are stacked waiting for the oversea shipping. STATIONS NEAR CaJ^A-U-E^ILLE. Ca_AIU_EVTJ_LE, February 6 The Scottish Australian Investment Company have bought Katandra and Saltern Creek stations. It is reported that the same company is in treaty with the owners of Kynuna station, who have a flock of 200,000 sheep. The sum of £160,400 is mentioned as the buying price. BAD ROADS AT PINNAROO. PINNAROO, February li. - The heavy rains have rendered the roads impassable. Thousands of bags of wheat have still to be carted to the station. The district court. eil roads are bad, but the main roads are worse. Residents blame the council, wh> shift the responsibility to the Government. They say the main road grant is altogether ___deqa_te. New and productive country like this ought to have special consideration. There is not a mile of metal in the Pinnaroo hundred. It is very discouraging to settlers. They hope the Government will rise to the situation and give the new districts fair consideration. FIRE AT YACKANDANDAH. ANAMA, February 13. - A fire broke out on Mr. John Smith's Yackandandah estate yesterday afternoon about 2.30 o'clock. Anniversary services were being held in the Hart Hall, and the people were just entering when the smoke was seen rising. All the gentlemen at once drove off to the scene. The flames were soon subdued, the only damage being the destruction of about 60 acres of grass. The origin of the fire is unknown. EVERARD CENTRAL. February 18.-. The heavy rains have enabled some fan mers to start ploughing, and others are working down their fallow, but the general opinion is that the rain has done more harm than good. ATE the stubble feed is practically spoilt, and stock are beginning to look rough-coated. Every kind of seed has started growing, and some places are quite green. The first week of hot weather will burn all this off again. Farmers holding their wheat are anxiously, waiting a rise in values, although the market does not look very hopeful. Very little wheat changed hands in the end part of the year. PINNAROO, February 14. - A tree was struck by lightning yesterday and shattered. It was standing near the Rev. J, Bunger*H residence, within a few hundred yards of the township. The amount of water lying about is equal to that seen in the depth of winter. HINDMARSH ISLAND, February 13. The rain has caused the grass to shoot on all sides. The chief damage is to the salt lagoons, where the usual harvest of salt is practically ruined for this summer, lift Probert will be the chief loser. NAIRNE, February 13. Grass h shoots ing up, and the place is looking quite green. Some of the farmers who have not gathered their pea crops, &c.; are losing the results of their labor. The peas have started growing. BOWHILL, February 12. Drover At Mrs Hayden, who passed through here last week with a mob of about 3,000 wet feet from Bordertown for Mr. F. W. £i**bft Blanchetown, had a record trip, as he did not lose a sheep. The distance was covered very quickly, as they were only frf. weeks on the track. Mr. McFayden reckons upon piloting a similar mob through a about six or seven weeks' time. A large quantity of super is being unloaded her. by practically every boat. Much more land will be put under cultivation this year. than last. MARMON JABUK, February M. Wheat-carting is being carried on with the speed, and already the stack at the adina, has reached a large size. Rain has done a lot of damage to the wheat in the pad docks that has not yet been cleaned. Bor- ing operations for water on the farms as in full swing and Mr. Geo. Lee, boring contractor, although he has three plants at work, cannot meet the demand from the farmers for bores on their holdings. With in the last six months Marmon Jabuk has gone ahead with leaps and bounds. We have received from the Singer Stock Remedy Company a booklet on "Profitable Poultry Farming," published by the firm. It explains the uses and functions of Singer's egg producer" and gives general information concerning poultry keeping, THE POULTRY INDUSTRY. To the Editor , , Sir-I have read "E S. Sayer's" article on the poultry industry in "The Adrar , tiger" of the 4th inst. with great interest I have waited to see what others would say, but as yet only three letters have' appeared and no correspondent has come, forward with any definite proposition.., The, article is exceedingly opportune, continue as it does immediately, upon the collapse ex- the egg circle system. The time is ripe for some decisive action in the direction indicated by your correspondent to lift the poultry industry, to the prominent position it should rightly hold in South Australia." : It is highly necessary to build up the export trade in eggs and poultry in a big way under the control of a sound commercial organisation, strong enough to compete against any local competition that, may arise to frustrate its successful establishment. In one respect only I disagree with Mr. Sayer. I contend that his idea of beginning. by the establishment of a large poultry plant, with a capacity! 5,000 to 10,000 layers, with a like number of table birds, turkeys,' ducks, and geese, he, suggests a wrong wayo starting a basis for supplies. First, because if a large amount of capital were invested y to ' dead plant that would take a long time to erect, and give a slow and uncertain) return on the investment made. it would not be a practical beginning; and secondly, because the basis of supplies already exists in the shape of eggs and poultry on the .' thousands of farms in South -Straus. j admit these supplies are not at present up to the best export quality, but under ozs'?'?. properly organised system in time-; that. can, and; will become all that is wanted, h To my, mind the point to attack appear. to be how to devise efficient ways and mean. regularly to- collect and forward the.; axe. isting supplies in wholesale qualities from -: local collecting centres or depots under some proper responsible local control, The funds provided for the proper:eompment of. such Local collecting centres and distribute the cental would begin to earn interest right away, and such equipment would always be a better realisable -asset compares. , with a large poultry plant. T%_ experience. /,. 11 have gained as a secretary of one of the; largest egg circles (Tanunda, through which ,'. I have handled 54,000 dozen eggs has been ' of great value to me. It has made his 1 aware. of the difficulties,, also of the great possibilities of the. poultry - ii___frtrj|y for South Australia, and that the whole business has up-'.'/¿,t_:r,'^aat¿;? ¿ only been touched upon .; oh other border, or surface, on experimental line. 4 ' We are to-day only at the begüsaaii:oÍí»:-: great future for this industry. What's a wants, is Mr. E. S. Sayer suggestions that a vitally interested public company, basis formed strong enough to work' it. scales ; fully in a. large export way. The poultry j plant suggested could be done away with >; and the supplies for export obtained direct . from Kel producer through the, local. ? centres I have mentioned; Such, seem- y pony could be brought into existence' with -a a much smaller capital than , £.0,000.-Ij -Hi, CC" ? .' . ? . \\--\\.::i ' ' I G. VON BERTOUCH., : Tanunda, February 11, 1911. >>?, ¿...;,, Sir-I agree with what Mr. E. S. Sayer stated in his article on the poultry industry, but am afraid that nothing will be done in the matter, although it is necessary for the future prosperity of the "bld"hen 1 and her owner that an organisation such as , Mr. Sayer advocates should start work at once. It has been said of South Australia I that in the matter of taking commercial [ risks she is over-cautious. Certainly she appears to be so where poultry is concerned. If the eastern States had that some quality of birds, the same climate, the same results, the ideal conditions of South Australia, they would long ago nave formed such a company and captured an export trade. I find in South Australia that people smile at the idea of handling eggs or poultry on a large scale commercially. Is it because they possess come mercial shrewdness or foresight superior to that shown in other countries and' places of our own Commonwealth, where poultry! brings large commercial profits, or is it because South Australia is so over-cautious and shrewd that she is blind to her possibilities and lets her chances go to the wall? With an export trade in poultry and eggs she can have millions of money brought to the State; yet it appears that there are not enough people interested at present in the profits of an export trade to form a company to develop it. Why is this so? If a new company cannot be formed, is there not at least a comment cial house in the city at present handling the product willing to work up the export trade to the possibilities your correspond dent suggests? -I am, &c.;, MELBOURNE. 