NEWS IN BRI M elE., Sir John M'Call. Ten new peers have been created. New Knight of St. Patrick-Lord 1;it., chener. King George V. will be crowned to-, morrow. Tile rEarl of Crewe has been made a Marquis. Silver is quoted at 2s D3hd per oz. standard. G.C.M.G.-Lord Denman and Sir George Reid. A baronetcy has been conferred on Sir Joseph Ward. New Privy Councillors-Lord Islington and Mr. FIsher. The illustrated "Courier" will be pub lished this afternoon. No business requiring attention at the Police Court yesterday. The coronation number of the "Courier' will be published, next week. New Golden Gate battery crushed 115 tons for 162oz. 15dwlt. of gold. M?r. Harcourt presided at Monday's meeting of the Imperial Conference. ,New insolvent-Wm. Jolm Taylor. of Brackslell, farmer, liabilities, £937. The Customs returns at Launceston last week amounted to £154 Os 3d. Liberal conference sat in Launceston yesterday, and got through a long agenda paper.. Out of 80 chief foreign delegations to the coronation 50 belong to Royal houses. This is the Coronation "Examiner." It is a double issue, with a special art sup plement. Lords Rosebery, Brassey, and Curzon have been" created earls of the United Kingdom.. A sa.le'of Primrose shares at 4s 7d was made on theLauneetton Stock Exchange yesterday. Fifty-eight countries will be represent ed at the coronation, a majority by spe cial envoys. Mr. Doolette hopes that the futute of the .Bullfinch will be more inarvelld's than tile past. Relief of the poor during the past fort night cost the Launceston Benevolent Society £10 38. Crowds assemble at the Victoria Sta tion, London, to witness the arrivals of foreign missions, Scenes in 1Bass Strait islaiids, on the Tamar, in the North- East, and South in this week's 'Courier." The programnie for to-morrow's cele brations i complete, and promises to be worthy of the occasion. Sir,.:ewton Moore presided at the lun cheoin of the Westralian Mine Ownera' Association in London. "Somle day we may wake to find our selves for Imperial purposes a federated lnnpire."-Lord Rosebery. I After a long spell of perfect weather. heavy rains have fallen in London, and storms swept over the city. Marylebone Club is sending a team to Australia during the autumn. The cap taincy will be decided later. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Mr. Fisher, and Sir Joseph Ward attended the Parlia nicnLeury lune.hcon in London. Several cases of petty larceny and housebreaking have been traced to juve niles of both sexes in Hobart. I[ addition to extra fuel. the Benevo lent Society has decided to distribute doubl, rations on Coronation Day. During election riots at Drobobyoz, in Calicia, tile crowd stoned the military, and the latlter followed, killing eight. Ileary demland, have been made on the state nurseries for young trees to be planted in various parts of the state. r Members of the Houses of Lords and Commons welcomed 54 oversea Parlia mentarians and entertained them at lun 9 cheon. Austrian. Argentine, Danish, Spanish, Dutch. and Chinese battleships have ap. peared off Spithead for the coronation E review. I( Colonial delegatcs are now guests of the Sovereign, and each is attended by a footman and has the use of a Royal carriage. Field-Marshals the Duke of Connaught and Lord Kitchener inspected the Colo Snia troops at the Duke of York's Sohoo' in London. Use thousand colonial troopers visited Illthe 7le.?tival of Empire, where General Sir hn lfamilton and Lord Haldane in spected them. Time llobart coronation committee yes terh.iy afternoon distributed £100 worth Sof blanebl c s:nIl wearing appareel alUiOIl'qt thle n)dOr. S Sir \Villiam Lyne proposed thie toast of the "Imperial Parliament" at the lun cheon in Landon, and Lord Curzon and Mr. Ennmott replied. The Northern T'ouri.? Associat;on yes terlay brought unlder the notice of mem bers of I'ariament the need for a public peinic groundl at St. Leonards. Action liha been taken by the Nor silaern Tourist Association in the direc tion of the establishmlent of an aceom u mod.tion house a.t Lake Leake. \- r. Licht estimates that tile produc tion of beet i ugar has increased by 802,000 1 ,t1ons, and that the campaign wiil show an increase of 1,903,000 tons. iThe 11proposal to give to thile City lis sioln money tlhat ot.hlerwise would lhave beelln spent in illulninationlls has been 1 '.warmly sup1l1ortedl by business men. Nolle prosequlllli eitered ill tile ease of Iohll Ml:arl.in, who wa chllargedl at the SullIrme Court withl a serious offence against a girl near Latrobe in April last. Thle D)uke and Duchess of Connaught receivedl thile Crown P'rinces and Prin ecses of Germany and Greece and the Prince Consort of tile Netllherlanllds at the Victoriai Station in London. Ehlienll, references to the blessed visionll of thile great Empire and great Re \- pulblic joilninlg hands to discourage war n were lmade by Lord Rosebery in his speeclh .t t.e Parliamenta~y lulheon in London. Mr. Lloyd George says the fall of gilt edgedl securities sinlce 1900 is due to the absorption of capital in tile South Afri carl war, broaldening of the trustee in. vestments, land the Government's bor rowing for the Irish land purchase. C.:l.G.--dr. Barrett, of the Umver city of Mtlbourne; Mr. Robert Collinq Comptroller of New Zealand; Mr. F. F. IUutson, Fiji; Mr. Rankin, a magistrate in Queensland; Mr. L. SholL of South, Australia; and Premier Wilson, of West: Australia. At tihe Imperial Conference the Mar Squis of Crewe dealt lengthily irith the diliieunlties of Indian emigration and the elnlploymelt of Lascars, and pleaded foa a more generous treatment of Indians, which wouhld snake tho British position in India easier. Among the matters added.to the Libe ral platform at yeaterdayg conferenow were:--Legilation embodying just pay ments to workers and healthy conditions .'of employment, extension of wagen. ht boards, a vigorous immigration polioy, : adoption of compulsory purchase, lur r* ther borrowing if necessary to assist immigration and 1_ asttlem t. - 