MANUFACTURERS DEPUTATION TO MR HUGHES. A UST11 A LI AjTph EFKR 15.VCE URGED. t'D»ILl TELECllAI'U' el-XCIAL CO1-VB1GHT..] IIELBOURXE, Tuesday.— A depu tation of representatives of the As sociated Chambers of Manufacturers presented to tlic Acting 1'iinio Minis ter to-dny the resolutions adopted at the conference in Lunncestoii. Mr A. Wuiidorlicli (Sydney), presi Hah*, nf +.hi» A cmjiiiitn] f :i-j-fmi-...'c ci'ni that the present jii-eferonco to locil goods, bused on a j).-j per cent, advance, was inadequate under tlu; altered con ditions of trade. They hoped that the Government would be prepared to keep thu work in the M-mitl-.v liy giving a. very substantial preference to Aws trnliati-madc goods. The circular is eucU by the Camptralk-r-Gcucral of Customs, asking for information for use in tariff revision had caused :) great heart-burning in all sections, for it was of a far too wide reaching character. It required such informa tion that manufacturers, even if cry ing aloud for more protection , could lint, and would not, disclose, but the manufacturers were prepared to go heforoa non- political permanent board, ? 1I1U ^IIV IJI1 Ilillifl %(.IIJ,I1IV '111 1.111. 111 forrnatiou now demanded. Ho urged the Government to establish a Tariff Hoard, to takn evidence in all the States, and assist Parliament t-- venrli true decisions. -Mr .). M. Joshua (Victoria) present ed two resolutions urging the appoint ment of a Tariff Hoard, and tariff rmjsion having regaM to many iinnmolies existing, and its pffpetivp ness as a protcftor of Australian in dustries. Manufacturers throughout Australia, he saiil, wished to impress on the Government the inadequacy of the tariff. He did not say that' the manufacturers were in a distressed condition, and required an immediate amendment^)! the tariff. That would be an obvious inis-stateinent. The ed aft«r, but there was an important section, and a large number suilerinii, becaiisu of thu inadequacy and anoma lies of the tariff. The 'Minister had taken the right step in asking for confidential information from the manufacturers, hut he hud gone too iar, and asked .jii.-stions concerning tho inner nature of the manufacturers' ing profits would answer in order to get more protection to increase those profits. t Mr A. M 'Nonage (president or tho Victorian Chamber of Manufacturers) urged -prtf.-rontial trade between self-governing portions of the Umpire' and 'effective fiscal preference in Australia for Hritish goridn carried in Hritish ships.' Air It. Hogarth (Tasmania) snid the manufacturers had agreed that tho field of the choice of immigrants should be widened to include all approved im migrants oi the white race. The Australian manufacturers should have the best skill available, and in some linen of industry this came from Ger man and Danish laborers! Mr T. Hogg (Victoria) asked for the prohibition ot indecent auo dangerous drugs and prc-j.amticns from entering the Commonwealth. Mr Huffhes, in renly, said that the Minister for Customs had sent nut his circular so that lie might obtain trusts worthy information to guide him in determining whether further tariff as far industry* ' That'iiifo'i'in!ition'wouid he confidential, lie was aware that tho manufacturers were in a particu larly prosperous condition. If any of count of the tariff.' He gauged from what tlio deputation, had said that it did not want the tariff re-opened. (Hear, hear.) He was a free trader, hut Bince the people hud shown, un mistakably that they desired a tariff, it appeared to him that the best thin; to be done was to give them an effec tive tariff, so that thov might have what they wanted. [Hear, hear.) The aim of tliu Minister for Customs had been to learn where the anomalies were, and what industries were in adequately protected. To what feature in thu circular did the depu tation tako exception '( The informa tion that was given would he treated as confidential. He could understand that they would be loth to say any thing tliat would j-ivo their competi tors an advantage. Tho Comptroller General of Customs had :i large amount of enniidential information con tinually passing through his hands, and no case had been' discovered where anv of it had slipped out. He could not understand the dislike of the manufacturers to disclose facts which were essential to enable tha Minister to reach a satisfactory derision. They were ready to submit their facts to a Tariff llonrd. Why not then to the Minister i Mr Joshua: The thing which is ob jectionable to most manufacturers is that thev are asked to give throe years' llalance-sheets. The circular asks us to disclose, our profits. 'We say that is not germane to the tariff, whether we are making a hundred or a thousand per cent, profit, as long as we don't exact unfair prices from the public. Mr Hughes: You want tlie Legisla t-urc to in like un ?lltoriition in xlic low. Now I submit that, before you can expect that to be done, ^ you must asking for is 'information hearing directly on that. All tliat you say does not detract from the fact that vou are prepared to give that informa tion to a permanent Tariff Board. Tho question whether you are making a S, hundred or a Uioirsand per cent, profit docs not concern us, because we ore there to see that tho public does not pav too much for tho goods manufac tured in Australia. You ask for a preference on tho Government supplies. Surely we have a right to know whe ther you can make out a case for what vou aslc. T am not opposed to a Tariff Board if it ciln ho shown tliat in no otlior wnT cnn PfirJiuinont deju adequately with the question. There must IjG somo Jjoa v 'in flnj* cikg to make tho rerommendations' to Parlia ment, and we think that the best nay is that which tho Minister for Cus toms has adonted. Mr Hogarth: Will that information he m.ido available to members of Par liament? Mr Hughes: Oh. no; it will he available only to tho ComptrollerGen eral and the Minister. He went on to say that the policy of tho Govern ment' TVfis to ojicour.igo inunipi'ants to come to Australia, pnrtieularly if those engaged in rural industries and nrtisans would come out tjieinsplves. Mr Fishor, who was now in England, was by his visit doing magnificent propaganda work. Ho promised that the various points submitted should have the careful consideration of 'the 