NEWS OF THE DAY. In fixing the last day of the week for the holding of future general elections for the Federal Parliament the feelings of tlie Jewish section of the community have been disregarded. Saturday being the Jewish Sabbath, the exercise of tho fran chise by Jews on that day would, of course, be inconsistent with the proper ob servance of that day, just as Christians would object to Sunday being fixed as lbs day of polling. The Minister for Homo Affairs was asked yesterday by Mr. Ma- loney, at the request of a number of Jews, who had waited upon him, to consider this aspect of the matter, and a promise wa3 made that due attention would be given to the rights and privileges of the Jewish section of tlie electors. The Parliamentary picnic party for the Royal Military College left by the Sydney express train yesterday, under the charge of the Miuiiter of Defence. It consisted of Senators de Largic, Lynch, Buzacott and Barker, and Messrs. .Sinclair, Cook, Johnson, Bruce Smith, Greene, Fowler, Carr, "Wise and Laird Smith, M's.P. The moral law — that fascinating abstrac tion which was behind the romantic move ment of last century, and led the Sands, Eliots, and Godwins of their time to re volt against tlie trammels of convention ality — was mentioned with approval by Senator Rae in tlie Senate yesterday. The New South Wales member docs not pose as a romanticist, lie does not strike the eye as a torch bearer in the cause of those people— men and women of imaginative temperament, for the most part — who fight for the principles of social liberty us against the chains of custom. But he is a believer in the moral law. He proclaimed the fact yesterday. "I have not much be lief in existing laws," lie told the Senate yesterday. "What are you here for?" a Western Australian member inquired. "I am here primarily," said Senator Rae,- "to repeal all the laws I possibly can." "Oh!" interjected the astonished House. Senator Rae explained further, lie believed laws tvere made in the first instance by privi leged persons who desired to retain their privileges. The object should be to have "as few laws as we can." Members like Senators "Walker and Vardon on the Oppo sition side were too surprised to interject. "We should have as few laws as possible," concluded Senator Rae, "and only those that are in accord with the moral law." The inauguration this year by the Federal Labor Government of a Commonwealth Bank, which is to act as a Savings Bank as well as an ordinary 'business institution, gives special interest to the accounts that have reached Melbourne this week of the celebration in Great Britain of the Jubilee of the Post Office Savings Bank. The his tory of the bank, which now manages the accounts of 11,000,000 people and has in its hands over £170,000,000, really dates hack to IS07, when Mr. S. Whitbrcad, M.P., asked leave in the House of Commons to bring in a bill "For Promoting and En couraging Industry Amongst the Laboring Glasses of the Community, and the Relief and Regulation of 'the Necessitous Poor." But the Post Office Savings Bank as a working concern did not start its career until 16th September, 1861, when a scheme devised by a Mr. George Ohetwynd in 1860, and adopted by Mr. W. E. Gladstone, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, was actually started. The enabling law was entitled "An act to grant additional facilities for depositing small savings, at interest, with the security of the Government for the due payment of interest." It finally passed in May. 1801. The post offices were eagerly visited by the thrifty poor from the very day the hank opened its books. By -the end of 1802 180,000 accounts were open, the amount to their credit 'being nearly £1,750,000, The work of the bank received much aid during the Postmastcr-General- slup of Mr. Fawcett, in 1880. That Minis ter spoke frequently in provincial centres, and built up in the minds of the working classes a great belief in the soundness and excellence of the hank. It became more and more used by the people in connection with annuities, insurances and investments in tlie national stock. Mr. Fawcctt devel oped the system by means of which small deposits were made on. postage stamp slips. His staff organised plans, too, by which bodies of "navvies" on contracts away from home had their needs specially met. IV hen the Free Education Act was passed by a Tory Government, the Post Office Savings Bank officials induced many parents to save weekly the fees winch they no longer had to hand over to the local education authority. In the first year £40,000 was deposited through the school slips distributed, but subsequently the zeal of the parents for thrift diminished. In 50 years, out of nbout £1,000,000,000 which had passed through tlie British Post Office Savings Bank, the State lmd only been victimised by frauds to the extent of about £15,000. Sanctuaries for native game were, by orders in council passed yesterday, created at the Wombat Park Estate, near Daylcs- ford: at Lake Murdeduke, in the parishes of Murdeduke, Gcllibrand, Hesse and Merna, and at Hall's Gap, on the Gram pians. The butter production of Victoria for the present season to date, according to a memorandum received by the Director of Agriculture yesterday from the Superin tendent of Exports, is almost identical with the yield for the corresponding period last year. The quantity inspected during the week ended Thursday evening for ex port beyond the Commonwealth was 899% tons, as compared with S93!i tons for the corresponding week last year. Tlie exports for the month amounted to 2991 tons, as against 2703 for October last year, and 2021% tons for October, 1910. From 1st July this year to date 6076 tons have been shipped, as compared with 57S4% tons Inst year. Of the 2991 tons exported last month 276961 were consigned to the United King dom, 25 tons to South African and other ports, and 06% tons to Eastern pores. There are 2, 000, 000- lb. of "painted" tea that some Chinese merchants will be eager to dump in any country that will accept it (writes our San Francisco cor respondent, under date 4tlh October), and the tea drinking countries of the world should be on the look out to see that they i arc not so favored. This quantity of arti- ' fically colored tea has been excluded from , the United States by the customs authori ties of Sau Francisco, greatly to the dis gust and chagrin of ilie importers. It will he shipped straight back to China. The value of the rejected tea is given as £100,000. Tlie technical term for the re jected merchandise is "faced tea." This, i it is explained, is tea that has been so inanipulutcd as to improve its appearance. It lias a glossy appearance, and is mis leading to the consumer. This glossy appearance is obtained by the tea being subjected to a treatment of graphite. The rejected tea is not up to standards that have only reccnly been 6et lip iby the cus toms 'house of this country. Importers of tea say that hereafter they nvill not have it examined in San Francisco, but will have it shipped in 'bond to Chicago, where it is hoped the customs officials wiH be more complaisant. In this connection, a I San Francisco nowspaiper remarks that the Chicago customs auUhorities will lay them- j selves open to suspicion if tliey reverse tlie ruling of the officials here. It is stated . that the import trade of New York was built up at the expense of other ports | on the Atlantic coast through the fact j that the customs authorities there accepted bribes to reward them for undervaluing (merchandise. In the .case of sugar, this was notoriously the ease. The tea im porters display great wrath at the rejec tion of the 2,000,000 lb. at this port, and 'the; decision to ship tea . in bond .to Chi- 'cago is referred to as a "boycott of the Kan Francisco customs house." The Federal Attorney-General, on in formation supplied by Mr. M'Dougall, has expressed the opinion that the trade prac tices of the Victorian Mill Owners' Asso ciation in fixing prices and regulating mar ket conditions nre not conducive to fair trading. The details given by Mr. M'Doug all showed that one of the rules of the I association gave the committee power to i pay a reward of £50 for information lead- j ing to the conviction of a member for I breach of agreement; and that flour prices j quoted in Victorian daily papers were sup plied by the association. Immigrants of the class complained of by Mr. Brown, M.P., nre not permitted to come to Victoria. On 12th September 17 families and two single men, number ing altogether 32 souls, sent from England by the Central Unemployed Body of Lon don, name to Melbourne by the steamer Moravian. A member of a firm of contrac tors in a Melbourne suburb received from the Unemployed Body a cheque for £00, with a request that he should see to tlie requirements of the newcomers, but he declined tlie responsibility, and after spend ing £14 10/ for their benefit handed the balance to the Government. The Intelli gence Bureau took charge of the immi grants, found accommodation for them in a boarding house, and secured employment for them. Similar action was taken with regard to another batch of seven, on whose account the contractor previously men tioned was sent a cheque for £17, which he passed on to tho authorities. The Go vernment here objected to this "dumping" of immigrants who had not been seen or approved by its London representatives. An immediate warning was forwarded through the Agent- General's office, and no. more people have been sent here by the Central Unemployed Body. Numbers of the parents nnd friends of the girls at the Presbyterian Ladies' Col- | lege gathered at tho Wyseluskic Hall last evening to witness n gymnastic display and folk dances. Several of the classes of both junior and senior pupils did a num ber of rod and club exercises, and then the special class which has been under (lie direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Petersen, instructor in physical development, gave an exhibition which showed tlie bencfiis obtainable from drill of this nature. The exercises, which aim at developing tlie physique of the girls, were very interesting both to the pupils nnd the audience. The musical items included a number of folk dances, Danish, Bohemian and Swcdi li, and also the "Dnrgason," popular in t' e time of Henry Vll., and songs by pupils of the college. Rev. A. E. Dlackwcll will speak to-night at the Saturday night meeting for Christians in the Assembly Hall, Collins-street. A lecture for Sunday school teachers will be given in St. Saviour's schoolroom, Collingivood, tiiis evening by Mr. J. llocking, II. A., on The Toucher's Aims and How to Realise Tliein. In connection with tlie diamond jubilee of St. John's Heidelberg, Archbishop Clarke will preach in the morning at II, and administer confirma tion in the afternoon at 2.45. Archdeacon llind- ley will preach in the evening." Rev. AV. T. Grey, M.A., of the Far East, will deliver an address to young men at 4 p.m. to morrow on the subject of The Christian Movement in Japan in tlie hall of the Young Men's Chris tian Association, Fliiidcrs- strcct. Rev. J. O. Marfan (successor to Mr. W. If. Judklns in the Social Reform Bureau) addresses men only, Prnliran Brotherhood, on Sunday after noon at Fraliran Congregational church on Docs the Totallsator Decrease Gambling? Under the auspices of the Melbourne district lodge, the Loyal Orange Institution will observe the three hundred and sixth anniversary of the Gunpowder Plot by divine service in the Baptist church, Colims-strect, at 3 n.in. to-morrow. An address will be given by Rev. Andrew Gilllson, M.A. By advertisement the mayoress of South Mel bourne (Mrs. D. M'Arthur) convenes a meeting of lodics and gentlemen for Wednesday next, at 8 p.m., in the iown hall, South Melbourne, to consider the question of inaugurating a fund in that city to augment tlie amount now being raised by Hie Lady Mayoress of Melbourne lo help the Society for tlie Assistance of tho Adult Blind to purchase a convalosoont home at Brighton. 