GENERAL NEWS. /The Liberal Union has issued a useful pamphlet containing lists of the officers, council, und committees, and Presidents and ] Secretaries of the various branches throueli- i out the State for 1911-12. Reports of the annual meetings are given, and jihoio graphs of the officers and of the Union's new home on North ten-ace are included. ; The yearbook will be a serviceable record to the thousands of members of this strong political body in South Australia. The President (Hon. W. B. itoimscvell) mentioned at the meeting of the council | of the Royal Agricultural Society on Wed nesday that the executive committee had met several times and considered the letter received from the Premier relative to the proposed new showground. The gravity of the communication was so great, however, that the committee, after having thrashed the subject thoroughly, bad decided to have the reply put into proper form by the solicitors, and this—it was nearly ready now—would be placed before a special meeting of the couneil.on Wednesday morn ing next. So soon as the council came to a decision regarding the conditions and j tenns the matter would be brought before a general meeting of the society for discus- , sion and approval. Every councillor would be supplied with a copy of the Premier's, letter and the suggested draft reply in the course of a few days. The railway earnings for the week ended ! October 2] amounted to £40,030, compared with £41,730 for the corresponding period last year. .»< The finance committee reported ->t the meeting of the council of the Royal Agri cultural Society on Wednesday that the financial position revealed a credit balance of £8,059, including a reserve fund of £3,000 and £3,260 on deposit with the Bank of Adelaide, Elder, Smith, & Co., and the Savings Bank. The report of the Railways Commissioner on the construction of a railway from Brinkworth to Muudoora, and the conver sion of the existing tramway from Muu doora to Porl Broughton into a railway, was laid before the Assembly on Wednesday. The cost of the railway is set down at £122,300: rolling stock at £25,000; making j a total eapitarexpenditure of £147,300. The revenue is estimated at £10,001 per annum, working expenses at £6.500, and interest at £5,892. The length of the new railway t will be 31 miles 20 chains, and the gauge I to l;e 3 ft. 0 in., and secondhand rails may j be used. Should it be found necessary to ! lay down new rails, the capital cost will be increased by £13.000, and the annual interest by £520. The estimated revenue is as follows:—Coaching, £1,000; merchan dise, £0,400; wharfage, £1,200; rents, £800; total, £10,000. The estimated net loss of working the proposed railway after paying working expanses and interest is £2,392 per annum, whicli the Commissioner states will probably be more than recouped by the additional traffic on the existing lines. Mrs. Seager (Secretary of the Immigra tion Committee) states that a meeting will be held shortly to clincli the movement for the importation of domestic servants from Ir.dia. Shipping accommodation is avail able, and tlie contract difficulty has been overcome. A huge block of marble was sent from j the Angaston district a few days ago. It was taken by teams to Freeling, and there put on to a railway track for con- ■ veyance to Jdclaide. It is said to be the largest block taken from tire quai-- j lies, and the weight'is slightly over GJ tons, j Our Millicent correspondent wrote on j October 20:—Nearly 250 people left here I on Wednesday and Thursday to attend the Mount Ga'mbier Spring Show. Many i of them complained bitterly of the accom modation provided by the Railway l)c- : partment. The special train on Wednes day consisted of six or eight ordinary car riages and tseveral of the vehicles popu larly known as "cattle trucks." Only two fii-st-class compartments were available, and there was not a second-class carriage in the train that did not carry a passen ger who had paid a first-class fare. The department never- bothers to inform the customer who asks for a first-class ticket that there is no first-class accommodation available, and the identity of the lucky individual who has succeeded in obtaining a rebate has not yet been disclosed. Several - victims declared that the department had "taken them down." People'* are good humoured as a rule during a holiday sea son, when they know that a certain amount of inconvenience cannot be avoided, but the patience of Job would be ex hausted after a forced ride in a "cattle track" with a first-class ticket .in one's pocket. i The portrait of the late Miss C. H. Bpence, which was painted by Miss Rose Macpherson to _ the order of the Spence Memorial Committee, has been presented to the Art Gallery. The offer of the pic ture was made by Mrs. A: H. Young (Sec-' retary to the committee) in a graceful let ter which was read at the meeting of the Public Library Board on Friday after noon. The picture, which has already been deseribed in The Register, was exhibited in the boardroom, and as the President said, it is a line work of art, and a good representation of features. The board accepted the gift with thanks. His Ex cellency the Governor some days ago in spected" it. and Ladv BosanquetMias lciudly offered to unveil it on October 31 in the presence of many interested people. The Conservator of Forests (Mr. W. Gill) visited the Parilla' Forest Reserve in the Pinnaroo district wast week. Planting has just been finished, and Mr. Gill found that 25,910 trees had been put in. These consist of blue, sugar, and other gums, and Kingston sheoaks. Having arranged future operations, the Conservator returned tp Adelaide on Thursday. The Federal Land Tax has so far pro-, duced £1,388,549 for its first, year of opera tion. The assessments amounted to £1,402,057, and _ the tax outstanding is £15,882. Of this a large sum is not yet overdue, as 60 days' notice to pay has been allowed in a number of cases. Proceedings for recovery of that portion which is over due have been authorized by the Treasuer, and the fines of 10 per cent, for non-pay ment will also be imposed (states The Mel bourne AgeL In a return to the Treasurer the Commissioner shows that the 60 days' grace has been allowed in cases where re turns at first deemed non-taxable have been found taxable, and where amended assess ments have been made. The fines charged under the Act have amounted to £6,296, of which £1,235 has been charged in cen tral office returns, £2,247 on New South Wales, £1,832 on \ictorian, £269 on Queensland, £333 on South Australian, £302 on Western Australian, and £77 on Tasmanian. Fines collected have amoun ted to £4,522. There have been refunds ol tax and fines amounting to £3,318. The Secretary of the British Science Guild (Mr, J. W. H. Hullett) states that some months ago the guild appointed a sub committee—Drs. C. Heissmann. R. H. Pul leine, H. S. Newland, R. II. Marten, and E. Angas Johnson, and Messrs. Smeaton, M.P., Young, M.P., and W. A, Magarey— to consider how far the science of eugenics should be applied to social conditions. The subcommittee has completed its la bours. and the report will be presented t« the executive committee on Wednesday. The Premier (Hon. J. Yeiran) and the Treasurer (Hon. O. Vaughan) returned on Monday from a visit to Southern- Yorke's Peninsula, where they inspected the road be tween Edithburgh and Lake Fowler, which has been badly worn by the salt traffic. The Premier said last night that a big prob lem confronted the Government in dealing with the traffic over this road, as the up keep was exorbitantly costly. There were several proposals before it, including the building of a tramway, the laying of a steel track, and the repair of the present road. The Government would get reports from its officers and go into the matter with care. The length of the road is about 10 miles. The Ministers were received by the Mayor of Yorketown, and had an en joyable time there. The crops on the pen insula on the whole, said the Premier, were looking well, although rain would be wel come. At Maitland the hospital in course of erection was inspected, and Mr. Verran considers it will be an ornament to the town. A request was made for a new Courthouse, and he had asked the Attor ney-General to get a report on the matter. The Ministers visited tlie school at Edith burgli, which, though in good repair, is too small, and some of the children nave to be accommodated in an iron shed. The play ground, too, in front of the school is not protected on the side of the cliffs, whicli form its seaward boundary. The school has only half an acre of ground, and the Minister of Education will get a report, on the matter of building a larger school in a different locality. There are two or three sites, and the council has offered to grant any piece of the park- lands that the Go vernment wish to utilize. The Commis sioner of Public Works thinks that when a new school is built the old one would soon find a purchaser who would make a public hall of it. The Premier (Hon. J. Verran), who went to Southern Yorke's Peninsula on business connected with the Public Works Department, on Friday, returned to town on Monday with specimens of ores obtained from the Yelta and Paramatta Mines, which the Government recently purchased. He said a shaft had been sunk 39 ft. deep at a point away from the known lode. Sinking was then stopped and a crosscut was driven 20 ft. on the footwal) side. At this point there was cut the lode known as Taylor's, which, said the Premier, had made Moonta Mines such a success. "We are fully satisfied that this lode will turn out to be a most excellent one," said Mr. Verran. "It is 5 ft. wide at; present, and these specimens contain 30 or 40 per cent. ,of copper. No one knows what the value of this lode will he. I am satis fied that we have struck a good thing." After Cabinet meeting on Monday the Minister for Agriculture (Hon. J. P. Wil son) said, that in pursuance of his policy in extending (he Slock Department, more inspectors had been appointed. Mr. Wil son mentioned that M.C. J. Pearce, of Port Genueiu, and Mr. C. A. Goddard, of East Adelaide, had been selected for posi tions shortly to be created, and Messrs. C. Lovell (who had been 30 years in the Survey Department) and Giles had been chosen for subsequent appointments. The term in each case is six months, and if the inspectors pass their examinations they will be permanently attached to the de partment. On Tuesday (he Railways Commissioner opened five tenders, including that of the Chief Engineer for Railways, for the con struction of the Tailem Bend to Brown's Well Railway, 96 miles 29 chains in length. The lowest, was that of Mr. Joseph Timms, for £89,140. ' On the same day three ten ders wove received for the excavation work in connection with the deviation of .'the South line, and for the construction of an overway bridge and platform at Keswick. The lowest was that of Messrs. F. A. McCarty & Co.— £22,443 for scheme" A, and £22,498' for scheme B. The figures are sub ject to check by the Railways - Commis sioner. In the Assembly on Thursday afternoon the Attorney-General gave notice that on Tuesday he would ask for leave to introduce a Bill to enable women to practice the. pro fession of the law. The announcement was received with cheers. The Treasurer fHon. U. V-aughan) re marked oil 'Tuesday morning .that .the appli cations received for -the position of Govern ment Geologist would be submitted to the University authorities for advice. It was hoped that b decision would be reached early next week. "Thereis a splendid lot of applicants from most of , the States," commented the Treasurer, "and some of the beat qualified men in Australia ere among them. 'Wbtn the mew officer is selected we (hope to have a proper geological sur vey 'of South Australia made. Geological parties will be equipped for that purpose on the "same Sines as is done in Victoria. We are -now. gathering marbles and 'other ornamental atones from all parts of the State with a view of having a collection." There was .a partial eclipse of the sun on Sunday afternoon, hut the cloudy condi tions militated against good ooservatiou. The Governor Astronomer (Air. P. P. God well) stated in the evening:—'"The eclipse was observed through the equatorial tele scope at the Adelaide Observatory. The sky was overcast with dense clouds, through which the sun's rays penetrated only at rare intervals. At the moment of first contact the sun was obscured by a thick cloud, and the first glimpse of the eclipse was not caught until 2h. 26m. 54s. p.m. (Adelaidestandard time). A little indenta tion was then apparent near to the north point of the solar disc, and from "the rate of movement of the moon during the next few minutes it was estimated that the com mencement of the eclipse took place about one minute before this observation, thus agreeing very closely with the predicted time. At 3.15 p.m. the ecliuse reached its maximum phase, when the moon en croached on the solar disc to about one fifth of the sun's diameter. This could be plainly seen through smoked glass without the aid of a telescope. The last contact, which took place at 4 -p.m., was net ob served, as the sun was quite obscuied by the clouds. A penumbral eclipse of the moon will take place at the next full moon, on November 6, and mil be visible m South Australia." On Sunday morning the Port Adelaide Working Men's Association held a mass meeting at the Empire Picture Palace to give further consideration to the negotia tions which have been proceeding with the associated maritime employes in regard t-o a fresh agreement. ' The association sub mitted a new log of wages, to come into operation on November 1. This included I/O an hour for ordinary cargo, 1/9 an hour for coai and special cargoes, such as super phosphates and sulphur, with overtime at the rate of 2/6 an hour after 5 p.m.. 3/ an hour up to 10 p.m., 4/ an iiour afterwards, and .5/ an hour for Saturdays after 1 p.m. Conferences between the employers and representatives of the men have been livid during the fortnight, when a compromise in the rates asked for was offered by the former. This was considered by the men at Sunday's meeting, and it is understood that the compromise was accepted. It includes an increase from the present rate of 1/3 per hour to 1/5 for ordinary cargo, and overtime at the rate of 2/3 an hour after 0 o'clock and 3/ after 10 p.m. The other rates have not been disclosed. The result of the meeting will.be conveyed to' the maritime employers by the delegates from the association this morning, when it is expected that the agreement will be finally drawn up. Mr. Clement L. tVraggc, the well-known meteorologist, wrote to The Register from Kdama (N.S.W.) on October 18:—"The drought -of which we gave notice as far back as 1906, and again in 1909, and also quite recently, has now fairly set in over North-Western Queensland and Central Australia generally; and it will spread in sporadic form towards the coast. It will not be so severe as the last, and there is -no need for undue alarm. Let pastoral ists conserve all the resources, and avoid overstocking, make ensilage, and store up. We give full and friendly warning to all concerned; and, if unheeded, absolve our selves from blame. Time shall prove the truth of the forecast. Prepare for bush fires and a hot summer. Forewarned is forearmed. Drought means rainfall under the average. Cosmic factors are operat ing." Many old oarsmen who continue to have lan interest in the sport were noticed among tors at forrens Lake on Satur the spectators __ day, when the rowing season was opened. Among ttiem were the Attorney-General (Hon. W. J. Denny), who used to be cap tain of the Mercantile Rowing Club, and is now its President, and the lion. E. L. W. KJauer, M.L.C., also an old member of the aume body. At the conclusion of the offi cial procession Df boats, and just when there was a temporary lull in the proceed ings, interest was occasioned by the ap pearance of Mr. Denny and Mr. Klauer, in -full .rowing rig, accompanied by Dr. E. W. Morris and Mr. J. Jackman, who may also be classed as being on the retired list of oarsmen. The four entered a racing craft and were soon propelling it vigorously towards Torrens Weir.. -Doming back they made good time, end were given a cheer and jocular greietings from friends on the bank. Before ckangingtheir costumes the Attorney-General and Dr. Morris decided to have a swim in the lake. They dived off one of the landing stages, and after a few minutes' immersion, hurried back to the boathouse. Mr. Klauer, when asked why he did not follow the example of the Attorney-General, and take a header into the lake, facetiously excused .himself with the suggestion that if he did too much of a tide might ensue. . Mr. George Alisop, at the annual meet ing of tlie Transvaal Cricket Union, in Johannesburg, said the. expenditure, in .con nection with the visit of South African cricketers to Australia amounted to £7,150, and the receipts approximately to £5,900, leaving a Joss of £1,280, which was borne, one-half by Sir Abe Bailey, one-tenth by the,' Cricket Association, and four tenths by. the Transvaal Cricket Union, The Danish Minister for Foreign Af has informed the.Consul at Adelaide.! |W. T. Stacy) that Denmark,. having clared its intention to join the Internati Convention which deals with regulat and measures for the prevention of i tic cholera, plague, and yellow fever, a Danish, quarantine law has been passed signed by His MajeBty ■ King . Frede Should further particulars be require* the authorities, merchants, or other ,pa -concerned,; a copy of the new law ma; inspected .at the office, of the -Donsu' Steamship Buildings, Currie street. 