[?] I TO VICTORIA- TNFkOA rt„neck is a #PS vising Vic- I CoUiith ldeaS'- /of arranging for I With tbe panish farmers to toria deration of » I' define my vSj in, e w J ln the ee"rse m a land- iflterri«w d fairly well DeBmaI Scandinavia, my all through S naneial Christian S'runo«mher 1 is about couDtry» tlie farm people t.trcheaues.and Selffl S? It must be borne j sef" £ In the Winter months in is gripped in frost. » gjt tM lea work is more 0\. Furthermore, or k® wflfiable fr cultivation in proprietorship pre- tern make it increasingly young farmers to secure difficult are ambitious virile,, boidings. somewhat conserva- 'may add hitter where they victimised. In76 Hmised ? was asked. ®!Sister of Agriculture to step in to stop the exploita- ha f n«r people by American and ti!!Ln-fffiTOte companies, who, by offt«e K»d. and coupled with fiambuoyant SSSSi. have inveigled fwJnds of 'Soandinavians across the 5 m the majority of instances, £U Med of fees and generally StW have been left stranded to LtTftr w existence among people Mtamee-'toey do not uder- I stand. The. Danish Government lias no objection to emigration as such, but the jEnfstry takes a sufficiently paternal Interest "fiie' fanning community to prevent exploitation. I cannot speak too grerelyof the way some of my coun trymen have been treated in the New WoridL" In Denmark at the present time, especially in Jutland, the eyes of wmia-be ewlgraate belhtr tard ; towards Australia. hand, and I can guarantee bring out here annually 300 Danish farmers of w hom this istate would have reason to be proud. For the first two years they would work as fara laborers, and then, with the capital they brought with them, plus their savings they would take up land and work it." , . Would any specialities In agriculture be attempted? r - "In Denmark, at the present time, the most profitable crop is sugar beet, and wonderful: dividends are being earned. I want ta see this industry flourish in Victoria, and there _ Is nb reason why it should not/ Tbe pep? , pie I propose to bring out understand i beetroot cultivation and the processes of conversion into sugar. But, of course, dairying, poultry, and general farming will provide avenues for Dan ish enterprise. Have you any concrete proposals? COUNT SPONNECK. "I have laid a proposition before Mr H. O. Allen, the Chief Immigration Offi cer, who has promised to submit it- to Mr Graham, the Minister for Agriculture, Briefly, it is that I be commissioned to set out for Copenhagen annually, and spend one month in Denmark Norway, and Sweden, respectively, I propose to accompany each batch of immigrants and supervise them after their arrival here until such time, as they are all placed in situations. An oSce could be i allotted In Melbourne where all inquiries I cduld be attended tol It would be open all the year round, and questions of buying land, stock, and implements etc. could be dealt with there. "The men will follow me from Scandinavia, for they know me and al so that anything I lend my name to would be bona fide. I do not desire to work as an agent, but as the represent ative of the Victorian Government, furnished with full credentials bearing the Impress of the Government. The cost would be extremely moderate." Count Sponneck, in conclusion ex pressed the opinion that the people he would guarantee to bring would prove a valuable asset to the State, being thrifty, hardworking, honest, and loyal to the country of their adoption. 