f- "THE RED PLAQUE." ./ S Timeously Telling the Terrible Truth. , Great good is sure to be done 03 a result of the deliberations of the Aus- k -f»f raarian Medical Congress iii Sydney. Extraordinary good 'should certainly be> achieved tis the result of the discussion at that Congress of what Dr. Burnett '' am (L the Victorian Public Health Department) there called "the Red Piague." . -.This plague (of so-called, "venereal" diseases) has, for hundreds P®? of years, been permitted to cripple and SSwf destroy men; women, and children; out,' it appears probable that the &; light of pnblicity.'and the science .of &/ medicine will, unite to destroy it, and Wfj make it as ur.comiuoh among' civilised ill people as is, -what Dr. .Ham called the Lr "Black Plague!' among people of Euro' , K- pcan birth or descent, in these columns, B; .we were the first to refer. to the venereal 8 diseases by their, proper scientific names. 8 Our example, a9 fur as syphilis is eonv s ccrned, was followed in the . loading ®T columns of tlie Sydnej' "Bulletin," and | wc find such journals as the1 Melbourne "Argus" printing excerpt's from . Dr. Burnett JJams address to the fedical n Congress— without any Pecksnlfiian it- tempt to suppress the names of the H . diseases to which Dr. Burnett Ham re- > Vk-. -W -.fcrrcd. ' _,/. -y.w,.. - aro glad that our example has been followed. Although- other, journals Roy . lacked the courage to do the necessary F0DCCr'n2 work in this matter,- and, /Iy/j;>iherefore, added to the difficulty of our s'; — from which ./Truth" and its . y A/(r0,Vpn due t or did not shrink— 3cfc we are O fioe ourselves joined by others n 'lc "tdisation of the wholesome light of publicity. It is true 'SftV-that many journalists still think it the S%W'I>ropcr to talk with vagueness fhc destructive contagious diseases / llW/jnentioncd by Dr. Ham; but it is to be hoped tliat even these' journalists will soon take to licnrt -the absolute truth f¥, oi the following statement by Dr. Ham of the imperative necessity of pub- mi a mty: 4 lnw6 these diseases into l©i o'arc imblie opinion. '.We must .light thom freely, hut openly. Vague llPK"' declamation from the pulpit, ami still Eftfojf vaguer writing in tho Press, should Ik? v ve l'ftcn to a diguillcd, simple, and concise statement of the actual facts. vrVir foinr people have the idea that those diseases aro only contracted by the Bf:Pvb' lewd, and that they form a; really salutary punishment for . sin. . -The PyS'' fact that tho innocent aud the just, tnat children and babies, may nUo suffer, is apparently lost sight of in (tne outbreak of indignant but mis wry. placed protest on the part of theso . moral enthusiasts. U (fa ' Precisely'! Wiat Dr. .Ham (whose official position as the chief of the To if &'?£' c t o r i a n llealtii Department enables 11 speak with special authority on Jich a subject) here says is similar to ias ecn declared hy other men science in other parts of tbc world. ®iA;l®uclau5L the distinguished successor of nfc the Pasteur Institute, says, " <<-J'riyff'er:e Sociale": — "The struggle against syphilis is only possible if We |.i';VJKjagree to regard its victims- as unfortu- /.'(/'//fiate "and not as guilty. . . Wo rF'i-;:;'ffuu5t give Mp the prejudice winch Jias ;;0i.V'ied to the creation of tbo term 'shame- iy/'/y/Iol disease,' and which commands silence Iivjmncerning this scourge of the family of humanity." Referring to this #|p7jf;isxcerpt from "L'Hygicne Sociale," Dr. Pavelock Ellis says: — "In theso words Jpf Duclaux, in his noble and admirable . ! '/vlsrbrk, we have indicated to us, I am i ' '/ gbnvinccd, the only road by which we V./ !- -'v|ian approach the rational and success treatment of the great- social pro- By. \ of venereal disease." ' ' Wk ' '®te people have, too long, been bam- R/ i1 feozled. with "vague declamation from -iheivpulpit.''. Indeeil, Puritanism has ''lileeu'/the protector and foster-father of /j|fjjijI.A!(It is a striking. historical fact Tvlfcbatt'beirise of Puritanism was quickly ' the spread of syphilis; Dr. ttTlWij-Sj/Bptomley (of tbe. Melbourne Hos- li-'Ptal) gives— -i n liis timely pumplilet, y»An. ; Old1- PJ agu e and a Jfcw Remedy"— jU'dtpV' /datp' /of the spread of syphilis ItoVughouivEurope as 1194. It then, v m'Drapef Allows iu his "Intellectual De- pMwBjfcgnt of Europe," spread with ap- palling rapidity; and owing to the fact that it was certainly roost easily spread, during intimate relations between the sexes, there, soon after, sprang into ex istence/various sects, generally known as Puritans, who had more' to say about unchastity or sexual incontinence than .about any/ other /forms of immorality, : and who .spoke of syphilis as' if It were 'the penalty of the sin of the flesh, a sort of shameful, evil branded by 'Chris tian ; malediction." Cant, about sexual immorality and' /its alleged "punish- ment" thus became a -valuable part of tho ecclesiastical stock-in-trade of all the Puritan preachers.'. Yet .Dr.- Bot- toiuley (of Melbourne) says,, in tbe pamphlet referred to above';— ' To propagate the disease to another person, it needs' only to' come in contact, with the slightest' abrasion ; of the skin or mucous membrane; for example,- the' lips, tongue, &c.; : Thus though ibis is contrary to, the concep tions of many; people, syphilis is by no - means essentially a venereal dis- ease, it is capable of propagation by any of the intimate, contacts involved in "our social, industrial; or domestie life; There aro Vany number of pos sible modes .of contagion. : ..;- Thus, it occurs. upon the lips from kissing ..on-infected ' individual,- or; from the razor used by a: person. suffering from the disease ; upon the' tongue from the use of a' contaminated spoon or fork. .-u ' JO 1 '. V ' ' For hundreds of years, what has been termed in this journal "The; Scourge of Syphilis" has struck at the vitality of the peoples of Europe, and this vitality is now beginning to ebb. That syphilis has much to do with the degeneracy i that is overtaking most of the Euro pean peoples is now often stated, and insisted upon by men. of science.. Com placent canters. , "however, persist in either ignoring the existence of syphilis, and the two other venereal diseases, or lu hypocritically , attempting to make people believe that they 'are a punish ment for "sin"— whereas the persistent hut careful "sinner" may escape "pun ishment" while the entirely : innocent person suffers. Cant mirit be;put to an end, and the State must use . all 'Its' re sources. for the eradication - of the three venereal diseases'. Twb'of these diseases arc classed together" by Dr. Ham-.as the 'lied Plague," in the following portion of his address (as reported in tho Mel bourne "Argus") :— . Tbe problems of the "Black Plague" (thq bubonic), the "White Plague" (consumption), and. the 'Yellow Plaguo" (small-pox) 'have from time to timo been the subjects ; of/ -con sideration and debate at the meetings of tho Medical Congress in Australia; but perhaps it is not too much to say . that of all the plagues which flesh is. heir to, none call for more earnest attention than those - vene real diseases— syphilis anil gonorr hoea—which have been aptly termed the "J&cd; Plague." "Truth'' was tho first journal' in Aus tralia to 'put prominently before Ha readers tho fact of Ehriich and Hasn's discovery of "606." or salyarsan,' as' n< most powerful medicine in tho treat ment of syphilis. With regard:to 'sal varsan and his own action with regard thereto, Dr. Ham says:— ' . I obtained the; approval of the Vic torian. Government to purchase souie £120 worth of the preparation knowii as "salvarsan." Records were kept as to the Wasserman reaction before and after treatment, and while, a de finite opinion as to its ultimate aiul 'permanent curative effects must bo withheld for tbo present, the rapidity witli which the more active and ex ternal manifestations of syphilis dis- uppeorcd even after a single injection, especially the intravenous injection of sal varsun,. mark it out as perhaps tho most potent and effective prophylactic agency at present at our"; disposal. \- The results woro not so brilliant in the pura-syphilitic conditions and nerve lesions ol syphilis, but the use . of Saivarsan in our experience was sufficiently demonstrated to justify the hope that it may prove of great ' value as a preventive agent against the spread of the disease. , ' This very cautious statement as to tiie value of saivarsan is sufficient to show that, in the opinion of the medical head -of the Victorian Health Depart ment, the use. of saivarsan has beeii fol-. lowed by' "brilliant" results, aud that it is "perhaps the most potent and ef fective prophylactic agency at present at our disposal." Dr. Bottomley, too, states, in his pamphlet, that, in a few days, a practical sterilisation of tlic patient lias' taken place after the use of saivarsan; Clearly, saivarsan is far better than, what Dr. Bottoiniey calls "the slower and . more uncertain mer curial .treatment"; and, therefore, the State Governments of .Australia should utilise it to destroy syphilis just us the same Governments use vaccine lymph to destroy small-pox. There should be public saivarsan injectors at various Government depots, just as there are public vaccinationists;; and whero the Wasserman blood test shows syphilis,' a qualified medical man should inject sai varsan. . . Jjc .. ' « .-._,y Dr. Ham and the medical men who are aiding him in his .efforts have done, and- are doing, good work. Now it . is the turn of t)ie State /Governments. 'Sufferers are no longer ; treated, with' salvarson by the State Health Dc: partment; they must'.buy their own sai varsan and engage the services of a medical roan. This the poverty of most of them will not permit. The proposals made by Dr. Ham for the State treat ment of such diseases are excellent and should be adopted as speedily ns pos sible; but, until they.be all adopted, it is most blameworthy 'of the Statu authorities not- to establish depots for the administration of saivarsan to nil persons whose blood: has been shown by the Wasserman test to justify ih?ir treatment; /i- '. / Digbydee, - referring' to anyone as "scabs," 14 lit \£he position of Satan re proving Sin. By "scabbing" on hia mates politically, he has 'jockeyed his leaders out' of their billets, and 'worked himself iuto the Premiership. ... . The day was hot, the preacher's prosy ' Words ou hearers ears fell flat; But Time sped on too fast for Rosie, Who was wearing a new lmt; She could have sat there for a week To let folk see hfailgear so chic. . ....£/ -y -v. ; ; The' West Eud School, of Arts is an 'ehcourager of brains— we don't think. Advertising .for a librarian, rent collec tor/and what not, it offered the princely 'screw of two quid a week.' Evidently a ' 'hodman's is ' a better job than a librarian's./. \ , / : , ' .'/ » .. . . ' -A Danish professor says that as the outcome Of women going, in for mascu- 'line pursuits, /'bearded/- ladies in. the future will' be quite common. Already she has grabbed the breeches, so she aright just as well have tho beard. Girl Hft-opcrators in becoming urn- forms y aro: iiiow .being employed in America. No oue can say now that the sex does not elevate mankind.' .. „ . : ; "Widows' weeds;'.' the farmer said, "Aro. tho cosiest weeds that aro .'kilt',". . "It 'wilt thou?' be to a widow said, You'll quickly. flud she ."wilt." '. ' ' Cases of consumption have decreased iu Ireland 21 per ceut in 1010, as com pared -with" 1001. ' Tids is owing to the better methods of Home Rule. The suffragan Bishop of .Swansea has been fined for' making a false declara tion before signyig. It looks as if the Church was going to tho dogs. The Duke of Argyll . will probably write the authoritative life of King Ed ward, who .began as Edward the Face-, maker aud finished as Edward, tho Feacewakcr. According toy the' Commonwealth Sta tistician, Australia last year produced a youthful father of 10. - If Young Aus tralia only got a fair show in the mat ter of wages, there wouldn't bo much need for. State-aided immigration. . / . :/ A British M.D, says' that there is a lack of dignity- about the new stamps; "they are liko a nude figure lying -prone." This is rough on King George,1 whose dial is thus unllatteringly Ue- j I scribed. It savou of high treason 1 He who faces, the world cheerfully, putting each day beliind his back as he finishes it/ and hopefully starting afresh, will in tho long run accomplish something in his life. ' # /In a recent case a medical expert said that taste wem uot so acute in darkucss as in fight. The Spanish proverb puts it more tersely when it says: "All cats aru grey iu tho dark," . ; # "My doctor's quite a lady-killer," To Mrs/D. said Mrs. O. "Mine doesn't differentiate Between the sexes," murmured D.;. "But, though a lady, he'll not kill me, For then, you see, he'd cease to bill me." # Quenshiud's debt now reaches £70 lis. 4d. per head of the population, and under- the rule .of the Digbydee combine it. will climb up, liaud .over, fist, until the burst arrives, and Cohen puts in a. receiver. : ; Gaynor; Mayor of, New York, has been presented with a loving cup 5ft. high, to commemorate his escape when shot at a year ago. Possibly the citi zens wish to impress that little incident on lus miud as u warning. ' . # # The late Cardinal Moran fallowed the text "not to lay up 'treasures," and probate of his will shows that' ho left I tS3 thaii two thousand quid. A Wow- ser in a 'similar position, aud with the | same opportunities, would have left a 1 mdlilon 