NEWS OF TI-IE DAY. Hie .State Parliament will be opened at a -m. to-day, when the members of Ilia Legislative Assembly will be sworn in, and rank Madden, it is anticipated, will be la-ciectcd Speaker. When this ceremony is over there will be an adjournment until 2.30 p.m., when the Governor will attend and road his speech. He will no doubt inform members that the estimates of expenditure finl "i -led thc">' "»d that the financial requirements of the year will be the chief matter for their considera- iCks7oTs,-,,,S0 ti,at tha Pablic Uoihs Bonn Application Bill and railwav 7e7r"l7meTCVVin be Plnced I,oforc 430 ij m i/ "i ,llrt adjourn men t till i'ssri'ss-ss: HousePat'l3 p'm'Idtobe se at o p.m. to-morrow to deal with :X,ret'en ? tb-ession, and ZiZt Com, ffiUee v-" t ,e Railways Standing Committee. A\ jtlr the exception of a sub- at the L C,"7' wl, defeated that the Pi nS' It-'S cons,dcred probable that oid committee will be re-elected ? has been mentioned to the C«e» 5Ir:i Cm.ven - Chairman of tern, Assemb!f fr anotiier the Fed f "le"s"res to bo dealt with by the Parliament in the brief space between now and Christmas assumes a moie formidable appearance even- dav. In the House of Representatives yesterday the 1 nine Minister gave notice that to day he would move for leave to bring in a bill to amend section 9 of the Australian , , How )na".v more before the end of the session?" asked Mr. Fuller. Mr. I'LShcr loftily scorned to reply. The selection of the board of three mem bers to inquire into the gas supply of Mel bourne is nearly, completed, and finality should be reached this week. Tlie board uiii .be appointed . by .the. Government to inquire into tlie legal position of .y)c Metropolitan Gas Company with respect to the right given -h.v act of Parliament to the municipal authorities to acquire its undertaliing. It has been computed that the amount which would have to be paid to the company, based on 18 years' pur chase at the average profits of the three years prior to the date of the acquisition, would bo anything between £1,750,000 and £3,000,000. The explanation of the wide margin is tbe difficulty experienced by out siders in determining what the profits really -"arc. The second point which the board- will be commissioned to - investigate will be whether tlie company has exceeded tbe power given to it by its charter in the matter of the reserve fund. The board will be further ' directed to inquire as to the price of gas, and generally into the gas supply of the metropolitan area. The Premier and Mr. Aikman, M.h.C,; are not of- one mind as 'to -five stability of tbe Ministry. .Mr. Ailoman said at Aspen- dale last Satin-day that the "tipping over" of the State Government was an event now in sight, Mr. Murray, in reply, yesterday adduced tlie verdict of the 'constituencies given at Hie general election on lGfli No vember. and remarked tliat 'Mr. Aikman's opinion differed very, widely .from that of the country. If the Federal Labor Government does not nationalise the sugar industry it will not be for lack of suggestion. This course is urged upon the Government by sup porters inside and outside Parliament on every possible occasion. In the House of Representatives yesterday Mr. Higgs drew tlic attention of the Prime Minister to a Queensland newspaper, in which tbe opinion was advanced that in the case of a short age in tlie production of sugar tlie Common wealth should take control. He asked if the Government would take the matter into consideration. Mr. Fisher said lie bad not seen tbe newspaper, but tlie ques tion of policy would have to be taken into serious consideration. So pleased is tlie A-'ietorian commandant, Colonel 'AVallari:, willi the progress of the instruction of the senior cadets, as shown in bis recent series of inspections, thai-he intends to promote a military tattoo at the .Exhibition Building in February iii aid of the South African soldiem' memorial fuml. Australian butter on the Loudon market has recently realised prices more closely approaching those pakl for tlie Banish pro duct than have been received since 'the commencement of tlie export trade. The latest London butter market reports state fcbat at 'the beginning of November the Danish market was very flat. Owing to the lack of Continental demand Danish butter was being sold on tiie open market at prices similar 'to the best Australian. It was realising from 130/ -to 133/ per ewt., and the Australian from 126/ to 130/ per civt. About 3rd Nov -miter Victorian butter' was bringing as high as 133/. The total amount of butter imported into the United Kingdom from Australia, Now Zea land and Canada lor the 'twelve months ended 30th September las: reached 1,201,02(1 ewt.. which was an increase of 361.380 owt. over tbe amount for tbe previous twelve months. Smafllor quantities of Danish butter arrived on the London market dur ing October than in any of tlie throe pre vious mouths. The average 'weekly sup ply for October was about 27,000 owt against 29,000 ewt. per week for the month 'before, and 34,0011 ewt. per week for August, Til attending to tlie lnnltifariiuis wants of the 1438 immigrants who came to Mel bourne in the steamer Gothic, tlie Intelligence Bureau was severely taxed yesterday, and it is sail) to ' be inadequately manned for such an exigency. During the day places were found in tlic country for 200 male anil fc-maile farm workers. Qf tlie 84 domestics, the unmarried were readily placed in situa tions, and .mistresses were asking -for more, iliose wno were married' desired engage ments near tin- -places where work would be .found -fAr their husbands, and they could not /be disposed or as. quickly as .ho- others. Tlic new arrivals, as a body, men mid women, are described liy Mr. Frickc, chief officer of Jthc bureau, as the most satisfac tory contingent that has landed here. Ar rangements will be made to-day for show ing the land seekers over irrigation blocks. The steamer Wik-annia, which arrived yes terday, brought 88 immigrants, of whom six nvere nominated by friends, the others, who included six land seekeis, being State assisted. New South Wales members of the Federal Parliament view with a suspicious eye any now development in regard to the Federal capital, or, for tlie matter of that, any of the many big projects that have been given to their State. A statement was pub lished yesterday that work at the Federal capita site was to he closed down, and that the men, who had recently been con siderably reduced in numbers, were conse- quently to be I ni I oil. When tlie House of Representatives mot Mr. Fuller ques tioned tlie Minisler Tor Home Affairs as to the accuracy of the report, and iiis .fears were to a great extent dispelled by Mr. O'Mallcv's statement that tlic roads having been put into first class order a. number of the men was not required. He was fur-" tlier assured that there was to be no "clos ing down." 'Few would imagine that the Pentridgc prisoners who appear in the attire of con victs when engaged in carting in tlie streets of C'oburg prefer that garb to any other, or, at least, to any other that their limited opportunities can command. The C'oburg council has decided to ask the Ohicf Sec retary jo see that prisoner.; employed in the public streets are dressed in ordinary clothes, but it appears that the prisoners stc not likely under present conditions lo welcome this well meant intervention. Mr. W. A. C'aliaway, the acting Inspector- General of Penal Establishments, gave directions that the prisoners, when engaged outside Pentridge, should bo allowed to wear the clothes they bail when arrested, but they elected to save (these for future use and -wear the garments provided for them by tlie .State- Five letlors were read a't the City Council meeting yesterday from large firms in tlic city protesting that buildings in Flindcrs- Innc should be allowed to be erected to 130 feet in height. It was thought- that 100 feet was quite high enough in such a narrow lane. Messrs! Brooks, Robinson did not favor a height above 86 feet in stieb a narrow lane as Flinders-lane. Ail tbe firms agreed that the light would be blocked by the buildings over 100 feet. The matter was referred to the building committee, which is dealing wi til the matter. Dissatisfaction is iboing expressed, some what emphatically in some districts, by land and property owners at the action of the recently appointed State land tax asses sors in tlie action they are taking to make the assessments of the lands. In many cases 'the forms already filled in 'by the taxpayer mouths ago avhen the tax fell due have been reissued with the request that the details should again be filled in. It is complained that the details asked are exactly, similar 4o those already supplied. Answering these (complaints, the Deputy Land Tax Commissioner, Mr. W. B. House, stated yesterday that under section' 10 of the Land Tax Act the assessors were em powered to make what investigations they' migiu cnoo.se concerning the 'land and im provements. Answers could :bc given by 'the owners either verbally or in writing. Tt was probable, therefore, that in seeking to obtain tlie iriroriiid.tion they required assessors bad decided it was "easier "anil 'more convcnicn't to veipenc fchc "forms in- stead of sending out special forms with the object of getting a series of different facts. He -hati not 'heard of any complaints. - Experience' lias shown that tlie ordinary parochial machinery of the chnreh is not sufficient to meet the needs of the vast ureas of the country that are sparsely popu lated. To cope with the spiritual demands of the shearer;' shed, the small, mining c.amp. and the budrf.-i'rmer 'several brother hoods have been' foVined, the members of which, clerical nnd lay, travel far and wide on small- salaries, and rich only in faith. Tlie "brothers ' live celibate fives and are invariably men who practise self- denial in -many ways. An interesting ac count of bush work as it is followed by the Brotherhood of the Good. Shepherd iu tlie diocese of Iiathurst was given by the Rev. J. O. Foetham; the principal of the community, at- a wel! attended .meeting in the Chapter, House, -'St. Paul's Cathedral, last night; -Archbishop Clarke in the chair. Fifty thousand square miles are covered by Mr. Feetham and the twelve other meni- bers of the brotherhood, and the result of their efforts to carry Christian teaching into tlie remotest back blocks has been distinctly encouraging. Everywhere they are welcomed, and one of the mild sensa tions of the opal camp and the shearers' shed is to pit the hush parson against its most militant agnostic. Mr. Feetiiam has had many encounters of the kind, to the great detriment of .rationalist propaganda in tlie back blocks. His battles with a sceptical shearer known as "Curly" were, as he described them in iiis address, full of vigor, and tlie audience cheered his reminiscences of victories won with an ardor worthy of militant religionists. Owing to the Cbiof .Justice and -Sir Thomas a 'Beckett having to attend the opening of tlie .State Parliament to-day there will be. no meeting of tlie Full Court until to-morrow. , A't the Court of General Sessions yester- nny John Greer, -who had 'been committed for t-wal on a charge of larceny, failed to answer to iiis name, and Acting Judge Curlier ordered that -his 'bail ibc estreated With the object of liquidating a debt of about £ / 00 on St. Francis's parish a bazaar was opened in the school hall and grounds, Lous(l«iJu-street, )«isfc evening. Cr. <1\. Dillon, who performed the opening cere- inony, referred to the good work done by the pastor Rev. \V. QiiiUcr, during the past seventeen years. The trustees of flic National Gallerv iutve received on loan from Mr. E. II. Mac- Kay of Sydney, a portrait by John flnpp- ner. R.A. The Fubjeri of tlie portrait is a young girl Lucy BKna (nee Jones I, who became the wife of Alexander George -UacKuy, arid grand-motlrer of the present Sf "ur,'i J PoHntA will be .hung in tilie . taweW Gallery to-day, and will -be on exliibinon for albout three months. 'the icei-etai-y of the Melbourne District Nursing twuetj askiiowlcdgra receipt of £20 from tlie 1'itzroy Lji'Jjcs Work Association. riie annual smokr night of tlic Fitzrov \ V i .1 'lii1'1 1,1 ,p!'«roy town Irnll to-night. At the Temperance Mall, Itmsell-street, to-night ofrTotaTTbsnSre. Wi" 're",r0 n T" A meeting of Din Lygon-strect »n<l CoLwir Elce- trio TMnnvny Lonffuo will ho hold this evening at IlmuSk I'SKOii-stivct ami aionlyon-ro.nl, Kxeurstorriste are noHfletl that -the P.S. Ozone ??i trip to Qucenscliff Swento to-ilay, Icavm Port Melbourne rail way pier at 10.30 a.m. The Karly Pioneers' Association meets to-niirht at 8 o clock at the Thistle cafe, 208 Winders- » Ci >. 'v ,IenT>' Jk'th wiJl speak on earlv Australian reminiscences. Visitors arc invited. 