, .... *. . . v 'AUSTRALIA.'* ^lea- for Patriotic Sentiment, ^rtfes ot 1*6 Wattle Blossom. Mr. \V. J. Sowden, at the annual dinner of the Couimerciid Travellers and Ware housemen's Association on Saturday even -iiiK, hnd charge o£ the principal sentiment, the toa«t of 'Australia.' lie uaid he had the task, of completing me .trilogy on 'Australia' be^un at an annual meetimr of the a*oeiatlou two yeurs a«o by Sir John Cordon, and continued last year by the Jiev, Dr. lkvwi. Sir Jonn Uor don ? ? wad a man of the' law ?—and incidentally, he supposed, of the *-rotiti. (Laughter.) Dr. Uevan was a man of tho churcii, and he, (the speaker) had seen selected as a more sophisticated i man af the pen anil oi business to fill up the framework tlie tiivo others had put to eettier. ' . ? ?'-Tho Mayoral Mission.—. ? Ifa thounht it boit to begin 'Ins remarks by a' reference to tiieir popular anJ versatile Alayor (llr. Cohen), whose omission to secure tho Lord Mayoralty he would regret much moro than he did if that gentleman li/ul not by liis inuniciual achievements .been worth a double Lord .Mayoralty. (Ap plause.) JIa presumed, however, that the rail reason why the Colonial Secretary had nob conferred the title which Adelaide so richly deserved was the, feelint^-and it was their consolation- that the City of, Culture — (laiiKhter)-Uie. beautiful Uueca City of the South— (applause)— needed no Imperial .embellishments to make it as respectable as tho other cities. (Applause.) It \yas al ready more noteworthy .than they, just as Mr. Cohen was more noteworthy than even Pick WhittinRton, to vrtipm the How Bells tried 'Turn again, Whittington, thrice Lord fclayor of London,' .Mr. Cohen held, ho (believed, a record in the history of the metropolis of having been not only thrice, but seven times, Mayor. '. (Applause.) . And .lfter all the philosophical consolation in .connection with titular honour* was that 'such distinctions were rarely given to men until thev kid become so distinauished as not to require them. (Laughter.) . - —TitleH Generally,— . Be mentioned that matter first because UEe general question of titles had a bear Vig upon the subject under consideration. Now that tho highest ' attainable Imperial honour had been taken— and he thougnt )mit* rightly taken— by the arch chief of flemocracy— (laughter)— no thougnuul Aus. tralian would reproach him for his action, (but many would thank him for not having, Tike Sir Joseph Ward (the Prime Minister of -New Zealand), accepted- an hereditary title. (Applause.) As a native of Aus tria he would lay it -down as an axiom that Australians would not be satisfied with the bestowal of hereditary distinc tion*, lie was aware that such a title had already been conferred in this State, but that exception was one of quite a special ? character. It was held by a gentleman who had on repeated occasions represented the Imperial Government1 an vjceregent, and who shed lustre upon hi» distinction as a great man should, and whose appointment involved no subsequent complications. \- Applause,) But if there had not been so many loose and worthless baronets in Australia, Imperial tides would not have been so much discredited. Most of- them bad met British baronets as bullock drivers or diggers, and on one, occasion at least be Tiad.Kuown one to be a, bootblack— and a I very fair bootblack, too. (Laughter.) But the principle o£ hereditary distinctions was essentially wrong and mischievous. A son had no moro right to be titularly, dis tinguished because of his father's eminent deeds than to be banged because bis father had committed murder.' It was bad enough that in accordance! with a mysterious L»w of tfaturo a grandson haoYthe gout while tho grandfather hud the fun— (laughter)— but they need not perpetuate such disabili ties. Yet titles had a. proper and important place' in tho national economy, although wich patents of aristocracy had been al most «s much abused aa the grand old name of gentleman.' Only shallow-minded Australians could fail to see in judiciously bestowal titles a real bond of Empire ta direct recognition by the Throne of the principle that good patriotic work in one part of tbo Empire was good patriotic work lor every part of the Empire. (Hear, hear.) Now it vm an extraordinary and anomalous thing that in the 4hree or four, generations which had run their course in Australian history- no distinction had been 'even liropoBtd for the honouring ' o{ non* [political service. Every vecopiition went £n the nnritiriuil. —A Suggested Now Order.— Flo would therefore suggest the introduction of an Australian .Order of the Wattle |»losT »om for nompolitical services, I (Applause.) Australia needed more demonstrations .of sentiment. In all these years it had not evolved a generally - recognised national norig, or until lately a generally recognised autional floral emblem, or in South Aus itralia,' for instance a Teally ? uymbolical tjtate flag. Even tho South. Australian flag (they had was limited to a. Parliamentary Siyjnbol— that1 of a magpie with its mouth wide open; ready to make a speech. (Laugh ter.) In those points ho wished to convey i suggestion to the conductors of that very Hne production Lsiued uftder the auspices st tbe Commercial Travellers' Association, Australia To-day, which had done so. much for immigration, that it might offer a prize to suit the circumstances. (Hear, hear.) It was pleasant, however, to recall that he had been uHHociated hist year with their honoured friend, Mr. Archibald Mackie, the Napoleon of organizer*- (applause)— in ipopularidng the wattle blossom as their national floral emblem; and a letter which he had received on the previous (lay showed fthat Victoria was following their example. -Ir. Mackie had inaugurated last, year a mew custom in this State by adorning with wattle blowom the beautiful banquet tables of the association. (Applause) That was not a sentimental action any more than a te»s was merely the touching of two pairs of lips uveollision. (Laughter.) It wis a practical demonstration of country love and country pride. (Ai-plause.) — Wattlo Bloseom Day.— . September 1 hod now been definitely selected as Wattle Blossom Day throughout Australia, and on tliat day last, year at least 10,000 people had in South Australia worn the little blossom in token of pride of their country. Tho Wattle Day League in Adelaide had last month sent to tbe High Commissioner in London— that great AuHtralian. Sir Gt-orge Reid— (applause)— upruys of blossom to be worn on tseptem her 1, not only by himself, but by all the Agents-General, and possibly even iu Buckingham 'Palace itself. (Applause.) The Commercial Travellers had done muc Just year, and no doubt would do much. !ugain, to spread tho gospel throughout the country. The great idea at the root of the celebrations* was the recognition of Aus tralian productions, und Australian. : Manu facturers' Day should titiy be Wattle Blos som Dav. (Amilauae.) The first Wattl Blossom League had been originally started years ago by himself, with others, in con nection will) the Australian. Natives', Asso ciation. At that time it was the excep tion to mid ' Australian food on banquet tables. And so, just as South Australia (tad led in briiigiiiu federation down from Ilio clouds, so it was in the advance guard tu that patriotic work. (Applause.) When it that time of the year he attended ^un- . ;jueta at which the tables were garnished with foreign ilowciu, he sympathized with slio nnnoyonco felt by the late Lady Bras sy, who, when visiting Brazil, was wel comed with, the gift of a bouquet, not of tho gorgeous native blossoms of thai; vountry, but of bedraggled specimens of Emtllsh stocks and geraniums. ? -Wattle in the Park Lands. Even in Adelaide lie felt a measure of regret when, in driving English visitor* ' around the park land* they told bint they had seen many more or less finu xpecimciis of their own trees of England, but enquired where were the tiouth Australian growths, , lie asked their worthy Mayor why the park lands in that auspjclouft month of September did not present one magnificent blaze of golden hiosBom, which would be taked of ail over lAustralia, and would vie in beauty with the' cherry blossomH In Japan in April, and Ilio maulo about that time of year in Ca aada. ' (Applause.) Apart from its. esthe- tic beauty, it would provide a great object lesson. They bad killed many things, they should at least preserve their plants. (Applause.) The colonizing Briton was i awtructrve animal. (Laughter,) In Australia he killed the kangaroos and im ported foxes. He slew the smaller mar Nupials and the wonderful platypus, which would be worth itn weight in gold before Ion?. at\d introduced rabbits, sparrows, and itarlings, and remittance men. (Laughter.) . So 'with' trees. They ruthlessly destroyed aums-wmc of which were tbe tallCBt trees in the world— whiUi other countries impor ted millions of them: and wattle blossom front South Australia flourished in the South of France and in many other parts of the globe, although little or none, compare \- lively speakiug, could be seen in cue city ?which was its native* habitat. It was an iraprefl'ive thought that as Australia grew [ older the conditions bad changed substan tially, bo tbat apart from the opportunities the Zoo allured, few Australian children liad ever iron u kangaroo, which might al most as well be w extinct aa the diproto don tint ono9 roamed Um siaiu si Ade laide, and the melancholy remains of which now stood in the Museum. lie pleaded for a revival of a love for dis tinctive Australian . thipgs— for a recrea tion of Australian sentiment. (ApplauSe.) ,— A Comprehensive Text.—. The toast of 'Australia' supplied no de finitive text. It was like a sermon upon the whole Hi We instead of upon, a verse. Therefore, he would like them^ to accept ie golden wattle blossom' as a suggestive theme. .As President of the citizens' com miftoe he had told the Sheffield Choir re cently that tho blossom represented the golden ileeee— tne wool; the golden grain —the wheat; the golden sunshine— life; and the golden ? hearts ' of Australian people. (Applause.) A reverend gentleman had since bettered the simile by speaking of tbe golden opportunities before its people. (Ap plause.) He welcomed the addition, al though he did not entirely agree with it— and that in no party political sense. It would not be right at such a gathering to discus party politics, and he was .serenely content to be right in his own politics, and sorry for those who differed from him, and were therefore wrong. (Voice — 'They are bigots, sir.') -Certainly. (Laughter.) His cry was with Tennyson:-'' , Ah, ticxi; for a man with heart, head, hand, Whatever they call him, what care I? Aristocrat, Democrat, Autocrat-one Who ran rule and dare npt lie. (Applause.) Rut' he sometimes wondered whether the legislation, of. the period was not turning golden opportunities into op portunities wnich were not the golden, hut which the silver wattle w;ould. more appro priately' represent. (A voioe— 'No doubt about it,') However, the wattle waff-ever fragrant with, suggestion, and was symbol; pnlly and otherwise an inspiration to ambi tion. — 'Coo-ec' Instead of 'Hurrah.' — He ventured* to, plead ror an innovation — not only for an Australian bloom, but for an Australian cry— the distinctive Austra an coo-ee. He understood that a smart Australian had copyrighted the word 'cop-ec,' and that it could not be used as a device without the payment of a royalty —('Oh!')— but he incurred that risk while )c! utged that tbe tunefut and melodious !'cco-co'' should be substituted now and jereaftcr. There v.was no British cheer. 'Hip, hii), hurrah' was not English, nor tritmb, but was Danish, Swedish, and Polish— and hardi and meaningless. 'Coo- eu' was more diverting; therefore let them adopt the Australian cry of jubilation. He asked them to give 'three coo-ees' for Aus tralia, (These were lustily given). : —Australia, 4,'tot, Present, and Future.— In relation to the problems of empire, the past, the present, and the future i'f - Australia were the -most remarkable ever recorded. ? Australia had Home of the oldest rocks and , vegetation and human creatures ever known. It had «ome of the newest) ideas; as well as some of the oldest fossils, and it was a curious anomaly that at one end of Education Square, stood the Legislative Council, whi.'h evolved the new ideas, and at the other the Museum, which contained the old fossils. LaughterV) Dean Swift, in 'Gulliver's Iravels,' had placed the Kingdom of 'Lnlli- lut not far from Hergott, and in doing that ne showed unconscious prescience, and wrote far better than he imagined. (Laugh er.) The incoming Britons and Germans; whom the tide of immigration had brought into tlfls country, stood in contrast to the original inhabitants as the great Gulliver to the Kttle pigmies. He did 'not intend to quote statistics, because'tbevwereoutof place at a' banquet, particularly as he un erstood that the words ??British statis tician' formed a test of sobriety. (Laugh er.) But look at the wonder of Austra la s achievements. Found by' foreigners, he continent was left. for British, occupa tion without the firimr of a shot or. a pennv s purchase money. Australia was simply a aountry. of potentialities— a mere unhatched egg— a lonely land- of topsy urvy. ? A convulsion had -cut it otf from outside communication, and its flora and fauna and humanity had degenerated— a fact which conveyed its »wn significance in relation to the need of immigration to provide a constant ? . stream of fresh blood, so that the country migftt be kept vital and prevented from becoming potbound, so to speak. Australia had' no edible fruits or cereals or food-Ruftplvin/? animals, Its low-sunken people had been \alf-starvinu, and killed their children for lack of food. They were as bad -asr some civilized folk to-day, who killed their chil dren by not . permitting them to live. Laughter.)/ Into this country hail come the new civilization founded by criminals who hnd been kicked out of the mother country with the hope that they- would be lost for ever to that country. The :««ult could not be contemplated without a thrill of pride. . . ... —A Great Country.— . ' Australia -was the greatest island con tinent—the only continent that was ever known under one Government, occupied by one people, who spoke one language. (Ap plause.) It embraced oneKjuarter of the area of the whole British Empire. Its cir cumference was equal to the diameter of the earth. (Applause.) ? And yet if all the inhabitants in it were placed equidistant not one would be able to hit another with a rifle shot. And within two or three days' sail of a fast cruiser there lay a country with BOO people to the square mile, while Australia had only 1J. They should never forget that if 1,000 cows were'sUrviqe in a bare paddock while 10 were waxing fat in a paddock full of feed there would be fence . jumping. Within the memory of men still living there was not a . railway line in Australia. Now , it lad double lines Jong enough to stretch from Sydney to London, thence through the top of Scotland and Ireland, and if they used the single rail, back again to Austra lia. Its public debt of £250,000,000 was relatively U\e largest in the world, and its assets were the largest, too. Of that public debt three-fifths had been spent on rail* ways, aud not a oenny upon powder smoke in war. Virtually oil itd huge debt was paying fairly satisfactory interest. Austra u's savings bank depositors were propor tionately the most numerous and the richest on the face ot the globe— which might be a bod sign of individual enterprise, but ww a good indication of thrift. If the Australian was the most trusted man in the world he was the safest man to trust. (Applause.) Two acres of land were under cultivation for every soul and body in the community, and 03 acres in ever}7 100 still remained under the control of the State. Australia was the country freest from crime, arid had the lowest death rate. - It had never been devastated by an epidemic disease, nor by a convulsion of nature, and it bad no ravening beasts or dan gerously noisome reptiles. Its people were the least boastful. and -% twite of 'Australia To-day'— (laugh- ter)— the most modest and non-advertisini in the world. And most significant of all was the fact that nearly ill its triumps bad been won under laws which were t»w bitterly abused. (Applause.) — (Mist on the Mirror.— They should, however, look at the other side, see whether there were no faults, and imwp the cnormoiH significance of a couplet priuted among the admirably, selected 1) vu tic-ill quotations in that evening's pro gramme:— A thousand years (rare*, servo to form i State— An hour may lay it In the dust. What diil the discerning Australian see in the future? What did even on optimistic Australian like himself see? Signs and por tents which occasioned uneasiness, (Hear, hear.) The simple fact that Australia hid sent no -troops to the Coronation proces sion bad been cited as one of such signs and portents, especially tut it caused the Prime Minister of the great Commonwealth to occupy the inglorious position of riding among a guard of honour of Canadian. troops, luxtas n man rainht borrow an other irlan s cub to takg him to a dinner to which lie had been invited. (Ap plaiwe.) That, however, was a trifle; and on the larger question it would be prema ture to attempt to speak dogmatically. The Australian type had not yet evolved, either in people, or language, or literature, or art, or even in commerce. Still, the material for a preface was available. Mr. Foster Franer had been right in hia characteriza tion nf the various cities— particularly of Adelaide (is the City of Culture. ( Laugh- ter,) In spite of the animadversions upon bis work, he had shown keen ins'jfot. and that because he had grusptd the important ethnological fact that there was a distinct difference between peoole where climatic influences were materially different. Thus they had the_ finest framed and featured women in ' Australia in Ade laide, and the weakest and most strained looking in tropical Brisbane and beyoni. Funuinir the main, thought, how ever, 75 years ago South Australia appeared with the distinction of being t'he first State ever founded on i a book of political economy, The world watched curiowlr for the result, and it wa» -profitably significant that they now fottnd South Au»lr»lia. pponled und-r nieh special condition*, re eneni^cd ns representing the most proms five thoualvt in Australia.. (Applause.) Aus tralia lmd led the world in the Invention of Hie refiner, the introduction of volin* bv bnllnt. thi» Heal Pror»rtv Act. and in mnni ci'pM government. But it wwt Smith An* trnlia.'the unhiint*-} province ^fiat h«d W ,Ai»rr»li». (ArmiftURe.) ' Thfa wns nor «inHy hoacti»'?. but an indir» Mon of r»-'»! tendoiriw, BVod nnd h™-°djrt!r had told, — Bon't Hurry- the Millennium.— ? Australia bad done well indeed, but «m it doing well in trying toiiurry the millennium, especially as there was a danger jot it mkht hurry, something else, lest it should show too much impatience, lest it should be ever trying to get the bellow* open to see where tbe wind came from. (Applause.) it was strange in a State founied on a book of political economy that many legislators .boasted that tuey knew nothing whatever of political economy. A captain might just as well be proud of hav ing no knowledge of navigation. They heard -talk of 'unequal opportunities' in the most democratic country in the world. In South Australia for a generation at least there had been no government by any re presentative of aristocracy. Practically eyery man who held a distinguished position to-day had- risen from the ranks. The romance of Mr, Price, the Premier who lived fo be the chief figure in the marble halls for which he had cut the stones, and of Mr. Vcrran, -who in 'nine years' Had passed from underground miner to Chief Minister of the State— these were romances almost with out a parallel, and of whioh they should be proud. (Loud applause.) Yet the State which had given these opportunities was being defamed for political purposes, es pecially by men who owed tneir all to it. [Hear, hear.) What it was to be an Aus :ralian, with the highest wages and the fewest hours in the world! And yet there was unceasing and increasing friction between, employ* and employe— a friction the consequenceVof which mignt be serious, and might lead Jo a crisis, (Hear, bear.) It would be a bad sign in 'any country tbat a man, 'no matter how good, should be re garded as an enemy to the common weal because' he happened1 to possess some pro perty,' the fruiU of ? his , industry. (Ap plause.) That way lay bhe main danger of- -iny aristocracy— the aristocracy . of non aristocracy. . (Hear hear.) Among the disquieting sjgns of the times were the chafing passion for freedom from all re straint, tbe condoning of lawbreaking, if it were but done by a crowd, the imperfect reverence, the lack of discipline— a lack which, however, he beb'eved their system of compulsory training— however terrible the. power it might one day puMnto the hands of an unscrupulous autocrat— would tend to correct, and which, had not come a moment too soon. (Hear hear.) They saw curious contradictions. Privately, Australians were -the 'kindest and most hos pitable 'and generous people known, yet politically the Federal Parliament bad done some of the most inhumane, uu-Britwh, and un-Christian acts ever mentioned in civilized history. (Applause.) The people of any community were always better than the laws made in their name; but one ef fect of the passion for too many laws was that the people were gradually led to ima gine that everything not forbidden legally was lawful morally. (Applause.) Amon^ other numerous signs was the fact that some of the best and ablest men stood quite aloof from politics; that the theatres and other places of amurcment were increasing, with increasing laxity im the class of entertain ment, while the influence of the churches was growing weaker and weaker. Was the public conscience as alert as it should be? Was tbe desire to perform duty as great as the clamour forever augmenting privilege? Was there not a growing in sistence upon the pernicious maxim that Kothim; is worth in anything - Hut so much money as 'twill bring? Were not their national and individual ideals declining? Aa a native-born Australian who loved bus country he feared they were, and that the tendency was to grasp at tbe shadow and lose the substance, let though there Vere grave perils, those ivere only incidental to a nation in the making. The period called for strong- men with strong faith, and they -would come. Meanwhile the most thoughtful, though comparatively creedles*. like himself, mi«ht well join in the sublime aspiration of Rudyard Kipling in tbe 'Recessional':— If, drunk with sizbt ot power, we locw Wild tonguu that have not The* in awe, Surh boaatinxi as the Gentiles use, _ Or lraer breeds without flic law Lord God of Hosts! be with us jet. Lest we forjset— leat w* forfrrt. Australia was now at tbe awkward age. It would emerge triumphant and in due time jrrow the wiser, for its mistakes and the, stronger for its trying eiperiences, and would become one of the greatest of all the great nations of the world. With the con fident hope and belief in their land, he called upon them to drink to Australia and honour their land with three resounding 'Coo-ees.' (Applause.) The invitation was unanimously accen ted, and some of *e traveller* present showed that they had learned to perfection the far-reaching and melodious, call of the buebland. 