PEOPLING THE LAND. SECURING PROPERTIES. THE BOARD AT WORK. Following up the action taken a fortnight ago the Minister for Lands (Mr "W'Jxcn it) said yesterday that the Cabinet had given for! her (debut instructions to the Clos,, -till mint'Hoard In secure more pro penny in the irrigation area He pun line of reef is a I copy a tug was niillion->«d lit the ( Ahmet and was,! a night mail He I loved S I Hi in at Roma is expected to arrive more rapid J rogues- w til further night those for other like I s so that the land which is to apply evil shall be obtain. without he lit) Air burned He i is run in of Hu lionel sits but he (Apply to be able to secure areas minutes! at a fine [race There is it up pe is a disposition on the put of some mines to nil The lciiuntincnlH of the 1st site for the present are limited In the mine for which the present water storage is without it and when that H secured the State as a buyer in these particular means will it is said be out of the men left for some time A fortnight ago it was stated that the purchase of -iOIWO acres by the State in six districts indicated that the water commission would complete the development of the existing water supplies in) lots not mean that only 40 000 acres can he irrigated 'I there is a large area of land now supplied with water from existing chin nets which is held in larger men than Mr Al and thinks the most profitable form of settlement and these areas may he felt up to use the full supply of water, and at the same time carry a much larger population tim II at present ATTRACTING SETTLERS. LESSONS OF THE MISSION. TO in itisttilillip report in the Cabinet the Minister of Lands (Mr M Kenzie) and the burn of the Water Commission (Mr Elwood Mead) till the story of their nu.--*..<m To is that Britain. a menace and in i kept in Kench of multi and essence of the lessons they learned their comments. on the response has met with show that the need for more land is a serious one. blue Mix - Over 5 Vin people attended the air-liner held by the (retention in Great Britain As it was of itself but more settlers were prepared to come if he could In, immediate on earth for in the irrigation area" still ihlciDtiin at every meeting; and { 1 t -w find amid the ice) IF Their departure in II Mirth In order that the State arrest him to me, to acquire the land and free It's BUIHII visional Glads completed The number however, who had do tend to go foinnvlierr at once? was Mr large that If transportation could have been provided there would have breach been a large influx of people in the irrigated areas Inst when berlin were, applied for only a small friction of those needed could be obtained Owing to the riches which this cause many critics who would rather foe have come to Me north have (done t tons ore On account of the prince to the or commits until March the record at the Agent to General offices also a very incomplete idea of the number of set agent who desire to come to the state but the records do show that the State mtM tin more land If it is to meet the demand In hearts settlers THE altered in detail their command for two or three months partie th either tTiJt piaii.-iliii would 1M made for Hum, und tariff to enable them to arrive at the Wfclnninp f HIL autumn letters received from the State g affray at Denver states that mine farmers: have already fielded in name but think that rlHflniltv is being experienced in securing I tried I them the transportation of rangements from America are not yet lime traffic on There (is no direct passenger service between America and Melbourne Kirra one who comes mint rides his ship time or twice and then quitted uncertainty and delay, which In most rii-t-toitrigh..? the Union Steamship Company has taken the State a liberal vennritla-M fare from San bran latest list pl-s-t-iifftM from sin F rate of travel under one chance of ship at attention and if they come in order that linke mother treasure there in the opinion was freely expressed In those lucerne considerable experience In .»rltlrnicnt matters that miles of Racing steamers contine directly from my ride to Melbourne we must MI ill (in loving t conn! den I h number of our settlers at these different ports of nil "The important ii of MeHmitrne as a commercial port and tin certainly (if in intense realised the Aherne Eradu real visit here do not h that direct steamship t um unit alton bets on MUK. Amend an port and Lillimur he started a mEIGATION AREAS FILUJTG. If the The mail for IIIIRIIIOII blocks on the part of a historian as well as friends from overseas continues as e\|i<t!ul Mr Mead much space Hut all the land which will be made at all able for this class of agriculture will be taken up in the middle of the sea E. and unless the owners of three properties within the area served Iii existing channels are prepared to subdivide their holdings for intense culture, then will be little scope, for further di elopement of the Irrigation meetings for some turn-that until it L life in it which is in toiitimpiutiuii is perennial It has been stated that in M Most men are to Vu Lord l who r cannot be provided with a Hellion areas litre will be picked on to New South Wales but it is not least the toss sent in such arrant-ciui'iit his been made The Minister for farmers (Mr M tv« urge) uni I costing u that no proper lion much as Hut had been put forward but he had no doubt But New -south Wales would Is'inllt from the soil; of the white chiffon meet a large number of settlers would come, out to the invention distinct in hull New South Wales would be open one up in the llirrenjaik train w is III (ijHintiuti When all the areas ulm It A memorial was able to deal with me ah forbid all (he matt's lily could turn but was quite satisfied That New South WARM should seen at the advantages it looked told chairman of the W alor Cnmniiminn Mr Mind remarked That No home is Willis in! your limiting its iii sure to 1,1111 starts as a result of the flow of list for tickets in Victoria following on the tier of the tin is fine and Hut (privation had been annihilated by Vin "-while White's best form He did gallon left Australia He »iieecsluin 11011 must wait simply 11 recipient lilium of an understood position feat is one of the influx of M till in to Victoria Mr Mind (pressed the opinion that the retailers similar not maintain their attention to the irrigation areas but Hut line' would be it great art-union of those sold went Ilirniii.lu.iit He Shall He put forward Die time but in all probability the COLLIER be a sail mine of the bill HUON indiiHtn units from ra who took up small areas 1911-12 lost it Hunent tomb turns south main 1 His father lives in of Hub principal crop Mr M Funds expressed astonishment at the manner in which a 1 branch Weir nun 1 min 1 II nil., In III 1,1(11111 II sky It was 11 all right of til mm flinn His position III time past! thin little old man met with man do n; v Mullins a 1.0 lil for Him duty of fell from. l'HOMOTIM. SETTLEMENT. RECOMMENDATIONS TO CABINET. In di ilHif with the iuinniitii.il of st like a man I n I na Mr McKenzie and Mr Mini lian ninth son of Hiipiiilaut claim a minimum To He tulle! with an it 11 mill' as usual ml mr Hui want to its t railway i minimising gallon in singularly unit, built in time it has for distribution in pin dun iiiioiiuiKi me a lot He islahlislmii not of subletting mail assistants to spirit [ infinitude I MIX 'i first r it st num- III in . minerals 11 an j fielded 16 hastily I I. i lr-ii«|,.rtill«.ii fas 111 li., Jim, June 15 the li I IIIIUI Um, "" little inn in our In He Irilimul am Calm, 15 miles II j rulings Murray., ,," r" ruiimiK line tin in his, bar till arrive,, in Albany t, ii ii I, attitude that they must trust sjtUfuiinri late V Unit inn or in. milk I ii I, r, from the rim and Hu I am Kinshela will meet in l,.|l,m 1, nulli first time in a all in at inn He. months in India must trio Little 3 for milling |iiir|ilncs It her. life In it. he. had!. |iri)|HiriTiui«. will be lit Ull'lt I filled the dam in the. mu.! him and tell me I i it In collieries 11 will "" -I' I" am- ><.Uhrs mills Uni Lydiard ml «iiii|jiilliilt uiuiHtil Iml.lluK» II of i m arrival. will MIIIII riddling, , I from III and III of the tin iilitliiiiiiii« natural! in,, their tin filled with us in Bill but, I" will on Hit by hill He iii H life, as if In a claim famine liuliisirli« uni Hu mines which must million loan at 11 114 in i, uniting. Mr ImistlK limit of Hi it, is killed In bells iron and her re i stand him in turn must tin and coal mining in this ill'lrllulliiil Jill II skill- in his, pi time In all' Jiiurliiii Billy smith! district He iililiilnllsl' Tim" to, me to use a railway u ll»l>«il¡rli I and the 11 Ut »lil|»|liB nut shells contain districts in, itinerant WILLI. IM im» as"'".' if". ,¡,",r."',M,.,.t."".ll.',rV,,!'.r son of the- ' "'' ,:;,;»^,.lnUl..i!ri:.»;lN ,i.,;-cri,i,i;ri,i,,,.^u air. war in terms of l'Jiil.rii|'tu. 'am '" '''(' ".".tin"!ü'ühiir" "" ". "'"lit"«iin»»» '' It labours In the ill-health of thrills and no II p itself 16 Kin I and rather 'slim lo He said I don't. want I feel "I Mr turn i in this matter is under Hum um i His uni ill,., Iiiiuss so much i! mr turn his usually must! find He or in ink II in his! nil S A fairly . their BILL li mi first unit to r Mrs; Eisenhuth H tension and turns! ince to providing (factories for Die carrying mail disposed of in miles an I fruits which cannot be a market in as a natural ante and (or better organise if on (no The in erecting of our (fruits, meats, and personal loss abroad The work will be is Ipi by the settlement here of men who know how these things are done elsewhere but agriculture and 1 horticulture are J progressive and we must be on the mat of the times. Moran only to her by inviting o relax, promptly of every) new idea or intention on either count Miss ' In order to do this It is recommended Hut The State estate lish s rulership lo I competed for by the graduates of II i Working Vitra 9 College and the agricultural college,!-! nail high schools', athletic would enable the miners to take the co army in Irrigation of agriculture in the University of California or of <! driving an animal husbandry in the colleges of the United Kingdom. The 1 university) of stallions It round distance of the similarity of conditions there and here Cape Colon) has now men! scullers In Vmcrii in agricultural schools. Tier have state the airships which pa) £150 1 year He student binding him Malt to return and work for the State three years lit 11 value of JulOO n x ear One of the eye students graduates (rout the I interests of California this year, and returns home an expert orchardist COMING LAND SEEKERS. TWO CONTINGENTS By the R M S I routes on Monday will arrive in "Melbourne this nominated his fingers and four delegation finality tom paying 18 persons I no of the immigrants have sufficient capital to be deemed land seekers On board the Moravian which will reach Melbourne on Tuescluc are >l nomi 11 ited passenger s and 47 «icltgitton puts M tigers, the Ijltet group consisting of nine families and six single men there is only one land ned cr among them The others hung farm labourers and married couples, XAIIO will seek. work in the country Two families of Dunes consisting of eight per sons xxiii also land in Victoria from the Moravian. WB TÊIS FROM EUROPE. Whim the Victorian delegation returned from its mission home doubt was expressed whether nrniA settlers of the clans desired told he obtained from European countries But evidently the attractions of Victoria have gained favorable attention in Denmark, for among the passengers by the Moravian leaving London next week, will be two Danish families, in all eight souls Several weeks ago eight young Danish farm labourers, unable to speak a VA word of Eng India, but skilled agriculturists with a knowledge of mat Innen, arrived, and were at once found work on farms in the country, in most cases in places where there stirs someone able to speak their language From all reports they are doing well in the report which Mr S Krone and Mr Mead furnished to the Cabinet the) state that they arranged for Mr H Hansen to near, as representatives of this State in Denmark He found that Denmark like Jtnl), is reluctant to lose any of its farmers, and has a law regulating the circulation of publications intended to induce people to emigrate 'the Government can, however, where good cause is shown, lessen the stringent 1 of this provision When one of the delegation x visited Denmark to confer with the authorities consent was given to distribute the States irrigation bulletins. THE PRICE DDT LAND "The difference between the value of good soil and poor soil under irrigation, ' saw Mr McKenzie and Mr Mead, ' is much greater than the difference under dry farming con Italians, and it is believed that in the future more attention will he given to the quality of the boil, and that the difference in price between the best soil and that of average quality will he much more marked than at present time renders it desirable that in acquiring land for closer settlement, the cr) best land he obtained The prices of the best land in the irrigated districts have, however, risen considerably in the Just two years, and it is believed that the me now as high as the settler, who has to undertake their grading and prep nation for irrigation should be asked to pay A boom in animated and values would be the worst thing which could well happen to Victorian development If because of the the State should he compelled to cease the purchasing of land for subdivision the present owners must either cultivate their land in large holdings or subdivide and settle it themselvess J. as. PAYMENT OF AGENTS. Agents are now being paid up for over) settler they obtain with capital between liJOOnand ¿«aOO and JW for all with capital over 100 The head! of a family counts as one, and even member over 18 years u also counted 'Du Agent General and all agents are being advised that they are not to give assisted passages to anyone with less than £100 In I am and only those with a capital of jUtOO are accepted It is the fact that the settlement in Victoria is along entirely shipment hues from that of America, and the selection is more re- started 'This has led to this greater payment being authorised For this class of settler That Victoria seeks the Canadian Pacific Kulin HA pays a commission on land purchased, and the Rhodesian (Government has a commission on the capital brought li) the settler LITTLE. WAnnSrTTPS TUn U.GO, W ednortlat -The Jeeralang timber reserves containing about £1,000 direct, ninth was thrown open for settlement is in some kind but the country is «ictxilinglj rough and broken Till Go continent voted a large sum for making made in the AIUIHIA and the 'Traralgon Shire Council has also a great many time is the amount of Hu found its revenue are still allow si till at an early part Bill served the settlers now propose to rain a loan on the security of an mipiovrniiul rate, in mind lion that then ensued! will all van at a substantial amount towards the making of roads attracted To post NOW his unit He was disMissal at the council landing X«,f>tcnhi\ ( councillor I'I Williams who is well aeijiillintiil will till six if it said that was -not impress me as had Inn made by the settlers during the past of 1 w miles but it has iinixissiblu the explain the hardships lin A bud to endure coming in the link our side li would be bitter fell He paper to team up the sum! of tin A could not get under ( 01111«illor Whittakers said that such men as he had seen at the rear IA II of tin strong 1st chums for help from Hu Man differs from other parts of Hu win Id went bung muted like distinguished MILLIONS IN FOUR lit when the) 1 unit -get about easily, but the hill settlers had in his best difficulties to face the surface stated Hut to raise an im pavement loan if it 000 the local rate XlOlllll Hill til li! '1 HE Hill li for 12 Hellish of 111 what it was in 1 did loan may fill a ilt|iiitation To He Mining on N at midday lit 1 MILDURA IRRIGATION TRUST. "Minnivale. I was made was in the H post and ) still so I t t 1 the higher status of Hu best Milling inn. union may be at in the Hu mill 11 1,1 that she id I Uni and the hand. of His w , who a very III 16 It must billi) 1 r I I wife and son mill and farm is 11 v seaman 1 | uns will be a 11111111,1,1 dm may 1 all 1111 at 10 he I hold him A. He is a living 11 died at his ml m s. t o m train IA 1- July night! I can be M t III 1 1 1 W H. I SIMply und n bin I lv him li l 11 which III lil he did so I 12 In 1.1 river It He urchin s. Tim II p t " hit "h. wedding He goals well in his, habits I tVa He expired Inn tells BILL The- ,, reply 128 lb a th, grain 1 urn at 12 incentive to 1 pi 1 allotment 1 trial mint 