THE STATE ELECTIONS. Tub State elections are over, and the net result is that the Ministerial party have gained -two' seats, and the Labor ites have lost two. The new House will tlxerefore bo practically the same as that which was dissolved a month ago. Unlike Western Australia, New South Wales and South Australia, this state has not yielded to tho fascina tions of Labor politics. The returns have shown conclusively that country districts, as a whole, are strongly op posed to this form of class legislation. Mr. Carlisle, at the declaration of the poll for the Benalla electorate yester day, emphasised the fact that the pro ducers interests are those which must receive the most earnest consideration of Parliament, if the state is to pro gress. In saying that, he has but given utterance to the views of thoss who selected him, and one of the chief ways in which these particular in terests can be served is by a thorough and sincere policy of decentralisation. To carry tins out developmental rail ways must be made, land settlement encouraged, and something done to in crease the population of the state. The fact that five years ago Victoria lost two members in the House of Repre sentatives to New South Wales, and as a result of the last census is about to lose another to Queensland, is an indication that there is something tfrong with the state of Denmark somewhere. The unfortunate part is that those who are leaving us are the young men — the backbone so to speak of the state. They are unable to ob tain land here and go elsewhere where it is available on liberal terms, and not hampered with loading conditions, a« has been tho case in this colony. The victory which the Ministerial party has gained must not be allowed to cause them to lose sight of these facts. The Irrigation and Immigration policies must be pushed on, and if necessary the terms must be made more liberal if we are to have increased settlement and consequent increased production. The policy that was put forward by | Mr. Murray at Warrnambool a month ago has been endorsed. It was pro gressive, and. it now remains for the Ministry to see that it is given effect to. In addition to those matters al ready mentioned, it includes a scheme for the improvement of the inaig roads. Particulars as to what sums are likely to be required are at the present moment being obtained, and probably the Cabinet will find that the sum of a million pounds, which it is suggested , jto borrow for tho purpose, will uot go very far in doing what the shires re- 1 quire. The fact, however, remains that the question remains to be grap pled with, and something will have to be done to improve the highways of the colony. So far as the municipali ties are concerned, they have not had the revenue to do the work, and it iias therefore remained undone, and what is still worse, roads that were once good have been allowed to fall into a state of dis-ropair. It is said that Mr. Murray contemplates rotirmg, aud handing the premiership over to Mir. Watt. The latter will have a good majority, and the country will expect him' to make good use of his' oppor- tunity. ..SUQ0B8WUL. Student. — The many frietids of Mr, A. H. Tjiwuitos, B.So., will be pleased to hear that he has been successful iu securing a scholarship worth £'120. The merit of the performance lies in the fuel that he had amongst his com petitors! a Rhodes' soholar and a Doctor of. Science. . . ; . , . Placing - Stones- oy -the RaluWa? LinH.— It wllube remembered that in a recent iesue it was mentioned that Mr. J* Stewajrt, of Benalla, and some other railway employees, while riding ou a rail way tricycle from Beech worth fco Wanga ratbo, wore thrown oft, and Mr. . Stewart; sustained a broken leg, from which he is ffcill suffering. H was thought at the time that bho accident was due to a stone 01- stones being placed on the line, and last week Detectivo Sullivan, under in structionVfrom Superintendent Davidson, made enquiries into the matter, with the result that he has discovered thai the cause of the accident, was attiibifted, the stouetf havin^ bet'b {placed utJ the line beqp asvertained. '?tekxrciutir MAIL.— Some tiin/^jv bhe residents of Ryau'a Mr. P. J. Moloney, M.P., reqUedttflg the »R^)Mu»*ut,°f a tri- weekly mjU twita-aen there and Benalla. Mr, ®*oi ^y ar.aniH with the department feo,send lftn inspector to the district, ^th ihe re sult thu the scrrico has beej- established PROBATE.-The will has baen lodged for prbbateof William Jshraae), of Wag; garandall, fanner, who d'ed on O^ber 1ft and left under a will dated OptOlW A i, lOQC. reai estate v.lu.4 3 property valued »t £384 to hi. ob.l /Ytvjin Syijnby Express DbIia*ed.--Ob Fri day evening, when nearing Violebtown, mishap occurred to tho vioe-regal oar at tacjiod to the Sydney express, inJjjjioh Luly Chelmsford and party were return ins to Sydney. The oar was-m thefrontc-f the train, and being very much hghk* 10 construction than the carriages i behind it, the draw-bar spiring broke. A stoppage was made at VWefcrown, buHfc was found occcss.ny to U,o on to Beimih, where - the vice-regal i-arty were transferred bo ahrst class compartment and the damaged car taken off. Altogether a delay of So mi nutes took place. Bush Fibk Bbioade. — The anndal meotinn of the members of the Benalla Bush Fire Brigade was held on Satur day last at the Shire-hall. Mr. Frank Scholes (president) occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance, lhe balance sheet, which showed a credit ba lance of 8/4, was adopted. The President reported that one call occurred during the season, viz., on Mr. H. Gregerson s es 8»t9. Willing helpers turned up In good force, and; useful work was done. 1 h tnks were duo to Mr. Stewart for supplying a horse. The pump caused some worry and delay, and it was clearly shown that the washers required almost constant atten tion, otherwise they get dried up and be come almost useless. He suggested that the cart in his possession should be put in a more central position. However, it wae j in good order and securely h -used, and he would leave the matter in the bands of the meeting. Mr. P. Connolly was unable to be present, but he understood that the sarfc in his possession was iu good working aider. He concluded by expressing plea sure at the good attendance, and he hoped that during the season their ser vices would not be required, but if they were he would expect a prompt response to the c ill of duty. It was decided that tho cait be left with Mr. Scholes, the pre sident and secretary to arrange for horses. The retiring oflict-rs weie re-elected as fol lows; — Mr. Scholes, president; Messrs. M'Cormick and Alf. Reilly, vicepresi deuis; Mr. James Gouldinsf, cajntaio; Messrs. J, Dennis, W. Crawford, T. Ca meron, lieutenants; Messrs. E. Little, Geo. Crawford, M. M'Cormick, and John Griftitlui, scouts; Mr. F. G._Rossell, sec retary and treasurer, A levy of 2/6 per member was made for the year. A nearcy vote of thanks was accorded to the secre tary, and the meeting terminated. A Complaint. — A complaint has been made that on ^ Sunday afternoon a number of bathers at the baths exposed themselves lying on the bank in full view of pedes trians on the footpath. It is pointed out that the baths have been well screened, and there is no necessity for such a prac tice. Gazette Notices. — The following no tices appeared in last week's issue of the 'Government Gazette' : — Licensee to oc cupy unused roads : D. H. Coghill, Ta tong, 7£ acres, Rothesay; C. A. Paulsen, I Thoona, lOi acres, Bungeet; J. Evans, Chinchilla, *3 acres, Toorour. Applica- 1 ti'-ns for issue of Crown grants unier sec tion 44 of the Land Act 1890; J. L. Plozzi, 48 acres, Upotipotpon; Wm. Lynch, 320 acres, Winton. Property Sales.— Oq Saturday last Mr. M. Q. M'Namara offered for sale, in the estate of the late Mrs. Weatherill. two shops in Nunn-street, Benalla, and | after keen competition they fell to tho bid of Mr. Henry Vallender, at £1170. j Butter Market.— The butter market in England is stil* fairly firm, and Mr. T. S. Moore has received advices that tho shipments of Benalla butter have realised 130/. On two occasions Benalla butter got within 2/ of the Danish top price. Death or Mrs. Joseph Cooper. — It will be learnt with regret that the death took place on Sunday last, fr-)m broncho pneumonia. of Mrs. M. Coopei, wife of Mr. Joseph Cooper, of Moorngag, and daughter of Mr H. J. Wallace, Tatong. Deceased, who was a native of Heathcota, was only 29 years of age, and was married five years ago at Wangaratta. She leaves a girl, aged 4 years, and a boy, aged two months. Mr. Cooper, who is a son of Mr. John Cooper, Goomalibee, has been the ie cipient of many expressions of sympathy in the great bereavemeut which he had sus tained. The remains were interred in the Moorugag Cemetery yesterdry, the burial servioe being read by the Rev. E. E. Far quharson, and the mortuary arrange ments were in the hands of Mr. Hanlon. Nicola Captures thc Attendance Record for Australia. —Under the direction of J. and N. Tait, the great Nicola, who is to appear at ^bhe Shire Hall, Benalla, on Thursday uigRt next, is I the holder of the attendance record for Australasia. When he played to over 4000 people in Adelaide on May 16th, he established a record that will remain for some time to come. The company comes here after a most successful tour through out the far East, where they played to crowded houses at every performance. The Nicola entertainment is by far the biggest entertainment of its kiod that has ever visited this country. They carry tons of paraphernalia and present more illusions than any two similar shows. Although illusions and magic are the principal part of the programme, it is uot wholly a magic show by any means, some of America's foremost vaudeville artists present a vaudeville programme Ihitt is said to be superior to anything -seen in the variety' line in these parts. Nadolny, acknow ledged by all America to be the funniest and most eccentric juggler of the age, does not present an ordiuary juggling turn, but is a whole show in himself. He carties special scenery for his act, and it might rightly he termed a spectacular pantomime juggling production. Sandow and Her cules, the impossible strong man, and-j Misses. Sutton, Whipple and Dobeky make up the balance of the vaudeville programme. Taking the show as a whole, it is most complete and is sure to take local thaatre-goers by storm. - Visit of the Railway Commissioners. — Thc Railways Commissioners com menced their annual lour of inspection of the North.-Eastern line and branches yes terday. They arrived in Beualla shortly after 6 last evening, and then proceeded to Yarrawonga. They will return from there this morning, and will be inter viewed by members of the Benalla Shire Council concerning a few matters. The tour will then be continued to other sta tions further dowo, and a return will be made to Melbourne on Thursday. Strawberry Fetb. — The annual straw berry iete held in connection ^with St. Andrew's Church will take place tomor row and will be continued on Thursday. The preparations for .the fete have been most thorough, aud everything points to its being a great success. Cr. W. J. Ton* kin (president of the shire) has been asked to perform the opening ceremony. Pantomime.— Liddiards* Lilliputian Oo. of -juvenile star artists, under the direc tion of Mr. Wui. Anderson, gave two pantomime performances in the shire hall on Saturday and last nights. The one selected is ' The old woman who lived in a shoo,' and it was rivon in two divisions, one each bight. Tho attondanco was not so good as . the . performance deserved, the various song& bcilo^ excellently giyen, while 'it -Wl»g repletb' with frbmorand rnirth. Throughout the audiences on both *Wiftftogd tffat) ircijfced Hrtro ht£ tant- ttppntcias, tioa, tho beiug U^ituvt « 