SDESIRABLE IrMIGRA?TS. Immigrants from Northern Europe have proved most desirable settlers in Australia. They come to a country which offers them immeasurably greater opportunities than those which have hitherto been presented to them. They are thrifty and industrious, and quickly conform to their new social surroundings. The only regret is that more of this class of immigrant do not come to the Commonwealth, and any proposal to increase their number is worthy of close considera tion. Count Sponneck, who is at pre sent visiting the Commonwealth, has interviewed the Victorian immigra tion authorities on the subject, and he has given an assurance that if pro per facilities are afforded he can in duce the arrival In that State of a con siderable number of Daues. Norwe gians, and Swedes each year. It ap pears that in Denmark would-be emi grants have been exploited by Ameri can and Canadian private companies, the promises of which have not been fulfilled. Thousands of Scandinavians have been inveigled across the Atlan tic, and so great did the evil become that the Danish Minister for Agricul ture had to intervene to protect the rural population of that country. The desire to emigrate still exists, how ever, and is prompted by the great difficulty of acquiring land. The defects in the American system have caused the Danish farmers and labour ers to turn their eyes towards Austra lia, and every effort should be made to attract them. So far as Count Spon 'neck has proposed he projects emigra tion only to Victoria, but if his state ments are fully verified on inquiry it would be desirable for the Govern ment of New South Wales to give them close attention. The small holders of Denmark and the labourers of Norway and Sweden should make admirable settlers for the Murrumbidgdee irri gation area. The completion of the engineering portion of that enterprise by no means implies the success of the scheme. Settlement is the real object aimed at, and to ensure the successful development it is essen tial that the early settlers should be of a desirable class. No doubt many will be found in the Commonwealth, but if the experience of Victoria nuty be taken as a guide it will .be neces sary to attract from overseas irommli grants to work the irrigable lands now being'opened up in this State. If Count Sponneck can make 'good his promises a valuable source of imml gration should be opened. E'ery State in the Commonwealth canl offer splen did openings for men of the class of whom he speaks, and each one who comes here and succeeds would add to the attraction of the country. The revulsion which has rbeen caused in Denmark by the improper practices of American speculative agents affords another proof of the necessity of keep ing strict Government control over all matters connected with immigration. 