LABOU? MARKET: \---~-- To the Editor. Sir,-Having read to-day's letter from Mrs. Juleff I desire to answer it. The immi grant arrives and sets up a home. He must have furniture, crocks, etc., a few plates, cups and saucers, bare necessities, costs £1, and could have been bought for under 5s. in London. As for furniture, he is terrified at prices,. and does without as far as pos sible. A piano for the wife and children is as common in the London workman's home as it is rare here. The house-no copper, washhouse, gas, or gas stove, very crude samtary conditions, giving us, at any rate, two nights a week, when the air is polluted and our rest broken; house draughty apd cold ;n winter, and sweltering in the summer, partly due no doubt to iron reefs. For the same price, 12s., I had a new brick house, in a good suburb of London, a 3d. tram ride from city. Cheap trams may be nothing to the workmen here, but mean much to them at home. It had six rooms, beautifully decorated, garden back and front, bathroom, copper, etc., gas in every room. gas cooking stove, and the most perfect sani tary arrangements modern hygiene can sug gest. This included all rates, etc., a free lending library. and free education. Here education is not free when all books, etc., have to be bought, and by the man with a family this is no small item. In London not a penny is asked for this, nd even the weekly swim at the baths is free. Butter, the Australian imports of which to London are negligible in comparison with the au,ount consuned, fetches Is. lb. for test Danish, except for a few weeks in spring and in autumn, when it rises a penny h-gher. For tea I am paying for similar t-ality the same here as, at home. A; to swindling the poor, what fools some folks could make Londoners out to be. Firms like Lipton's and Lyons's sell packets, sealed and guaranteed as to weight, id. per ounce, and all weights up to ¼lb. As to sugar, the average price is 2d. lb., and loaf. unknoajn here aln ost, 2jd. lb. Then as to vegetables, by last mail we learned new Iotatoes, always dearest, are 1d. lb., and remember the French crop has failed, and they are urporting from-us, not exporting as usual, so old potatoes rose to 71b. for 3d. this winter, not 4d. lb. And the Chow chuckles. He brings a cauliflower and asks 6d. instead of 2d., a penny cabbage for 3d., beans have cost 3d. Ib., not 21b. for lid. Rhubarb, a huge bundle for 2d., but here 3d. lb. How about fish. Here the London poor find irdeed a godsend. A pair of kip ers lyd., bloaters two for lid., and smoked haddock enough for a family dinner 6d., fresh herring 3 and 4 a penny, etc. As to milk, let Mrs. Juleff prefer tinned to fresh if she tiksm; it doesn't say much for the local article. Even then, tinned milk here costs 5~d., and in London good brands can be bought for 3jd., and what's in a name? 'I he children, and we also, require our boots mended. prices double. Occasionally we require a hair cut, Is., instead of 3d. We must wear some clothes, though this does not logically follow from Mrs. Julefi's let ter, and for man, woman, and child, the 60 per cent. dearer of your correspondent is a mn:nimum. and I should put it higher, rnd can show bills, too. Then we must, un fortunately, visit a doctor sometimes. Fees 7s. 6d. a visit, at home 6d. to Is. in a poor neighbourhood, and in a good neighbour hood Is. to 2s. 6d. To attend the arrival of a new citizen the doctor asks three guin eas, and the trained nurse the same fee per week, .but ct home the fees are, respectively, I to 1a gPuneas and 15s. per week. I am afraid I could fill a couple of culumns of your val lable paper, but will desist. But I want it to be underrtood that I am not a erumbler, and should not have written but for the inaccurate statements which have been m;ads. I hase been living nere for a year on the same wages as I earned in London, so I guess I am competent to judge as to ;ts ec.mparative values in the two capitals. It is not the wife .- itmg money i, the bank- and working herself as well as the husband--who feels it, but the mother of a family, and surely she and her brood are the immigrants mostly needed here in this vast land.-Yours, etc, TRUTH. Perth, July 26. 