NEWS OF THE DAY.. Although the Federal Parliament does not meet till 7.30 p.m. to-day, the inter state trains yestefdiiy carried their fnll week-end complement of. returning legis- lators. They are making for Flemingtou. Fpr.. several years the Victoria Racing Club sent tickets for- tlie meeting to senators only, but as the House of Representatives npw,. recognises the Melbourne Uup as the national sporting event of tlie year, and adjourns on tho afternoon, of the race, the privilege of free tickets lias, now been ex tended to- ita members. The case of Samuel Peacock, medical practitioner, who lies under sentence of dentil for tlie murder of the young woman Mary. Davies, came before the State Full Courtj-yestcrday. -. The bench was occupied by- M,; Justice a'Beckett, Mr, Justice Hodges ; and Mr; -Justice Hood. At the trial- in -the. Criminal Court the Chief- Jus tice reserved two r -questions of law for the consideration ofi the., Supreme Court bench —whether tliere was evidence to go, to the jury that ..-Mary wDavies . was dead; -and; whether there was evidence to connect prisoner with her death1.- h:On the part of the defence, however, it was desired that other law points should also be , reserved, and 'yesterday Mr: Duffy, K.<3.-'(with liini Mr. Bryant and Mr. Cussen), applied to the Full j Court that a mandamus should issue compelling the Chief .Justice: to re serve ten other points . of .law fpr: considera tion." After argument, which lasted qifday, and wjiieli- to a large .extent was , of a: technical character, their.. Honors agreed that a huiudamus, should isuin regard to; one point only. Tliut had reference to the consideration which, under liis. Honor's direetiiin in 'summing up, "the jury: should give .to. the unsworn statement of the prisoner as against the sworn, evidence of the .witnesses. The Chief Justice will add: this point to tlie case ' Hits' Honor has already prepared, and argument on the whole matter will lie. hoard before the full bench of five judges on Wednesday. The 6-tatc Government' does not at pre sent intend to fill the vacancy on the County Court bench forought about by the retirement of Judge Chatnley. It is ex pected that the long vacation will be entered upon in about six weeks' time, anrl arrangements' have", been made for the conduct of tiic business during, that period. An appointment, will probably ibe made bc'- 'fore the new term begins' in February next.' " The committee nppointed .by! the. State Government to -inquire; into and recom mend legislative action against a malic- nant disease has now .come; -'to a definite agreement -with 'the Alfred Hospital and the Women's Hospital for tlie provision of special accommodation for .eases. The Alfred Hospital will provide a ward with 25 beds and t'lic'AVomeh's Hospital a witrd with 26 beds, but the -financial arrangement "with tlie committee lias yet to he ap proved by tlie Government. A circular lias been issued to direct the attention qf medi cal- practitioncra.furthei. to the scope of the campaign; and facilities for the testing of blood, similar to those extended to medi cal men in the metropolitan area last year, are being granted to practitioners in all parts pf the State." A bill is at present be ing drafted to deal with the, whole ques tion; The Premier, jn a report og- the Danish dairy herds which was supplied- yesterday, says he was, officially informed by the Go vernment that, the average, yield from, the best breed of dairy cow. is. 2% gallons per day. Tlie cattle,, are fed on hay, lucerne, clover, turnips, beet and oil and -cotton cake. Mr. Murray observed while in Den mark tliat the cattle and. horses are not allowed , the free - run of pasture, but are tethered. In- that way, he says, the herbage is -preserved and not trampled under foot. They are watered by means of a trough on 'wheels, horse' drawn. Dur ing: the winter Hie cowa are always housed.. Tlie. red Danish cattle have been found superior to all:ibtbcr herds. The cost of the best pedigf-ft'd stock is' £278 for bull and £56 for .a'-.cow. Mr. Murray's first visit of inspection was to the farn\ of Mr. P. Noongaard:;>'-Wlio purchases cows some eight days bcfolfe' calvihg time at. about £16 per head, polks them for twelve months,- and .sriife- them at £12 or £13. He stated that'he- realised >£24 to £25! per cow per minum!j-Ho has 200 acres of land, and keeps 70,/cp,ws. The next farmer called upon, arrMr- Ten tin, stated that he bred from hiy<o\vn 6tock,- and that from five to seven -wear's was the period for which he could profitably milk liis cows. He kept 140 to 100 head of stock on 320 teres; and milked from 60 to 70 cows at a time. Officially Mr. Murray was told that cowa are kept about fifteen years for milk ing: -and lie presumes tliat this applies to small farmers, who, for financial reasons, have to keep their cows as long ns tliey possibly' can lUnder the regulations' tlic amount of buttoi".fat prescribed is 2.75 per "cent. The qilkntity . of butter exported from Denmark 'ny 1909 was 89,220 , tons, vnluixl at" £OJflb!JMO. ' AViedoin io'i'Jjjy - experience, and .the Melbourne mamioiw the visitor-who -timed ' rjt-) » . himsclt to nrrivc' by tram for the first , race on Saturday, and dill not, will 'be 'wise in allowing n safe mufgiu for to-day. ,Thc Railway denartment declines responsibility for the passenger .who intends ito back tlie winner in the first race, and is prevented only by the fact that bis frain arrives too late to allow of his doing so.'Tuu number of passengers who would have won. on tho race winch, they have -missed.' the'"' general superintendent of passenger train service remarked yesterday, is always large if tliere is the. least train; delay, complaints of delay were made on balm-day, . hut, though' one block occurred, 'lie rivas "assured that the handling of traffic was, on the whole, as expeditious as in previous years.:.-, - '' The committee which the State Govern ment lias promised to appoint to report on the business of the Metropolitan'-- Gas Company and' the price - charged toi'cdn- . sinners has not yet bean appointed. Mr. Watt said yostcrdnf tliat th6 matter would come before tlie Cabinet at its next' meeting. : i \ i . Tlie State Treasurer yesterday had a visit from two members of tlie New South A Villus Ministry— Mr. .Holmnn, Attorney- General, and Air. Griffith, Minister of Public Works—who .are spending a few days in Melbourne, Reference 'was made to the inter-State conference which it is proposed to Hold in. Melbourne, for the purpose of discussing tlic matter of a voluntary transfer of industrial powers to the Common wealth. Air. Hobnail sug gested curly in January as a 'suitable time for the conference, and Air. Watt informed him that any date that could be selected as soon as possible after the holidays would, meet tile wishes of the Victorian confer ence.- It therefore seems probable that, with the consent ot the other States, the conference will be summoned for a date early in the new year. Of the 500 immigrants who were landed in .Melbourne on, Saturday ' .from-, the steamers Norseman and Naming, the In telligence Bureau was yesterday engaged in placing 09 laborers, and in. some cases their Wives with them; also 21 lads who were sent 'out for farm ' experience. The Government is prepared to receive applica tions from fanners for about 200 laborers who are expected to reach Afelbourne with in about a week. Arrangements were made to send ten of the yiew' land seekers fin charge of. Mr E- Basset t to 1 the irrigation area recently 'thrown open at Tongala, and ten more haw arrivals, including some from America, who intend to start farming, will be given ah o'ppbrlunity of selecAing blocks in a few days. Air. Ehvood Alead ex presses pleasure at the aiTival of nien pos sessed of the necessary experience to' tarn the land on which tliey'ai'e about to settle to the best accuunt. Mr. ITolman, Attorney-General of New South AVules, conferred with Ah'. Tudor, Minister bf Gustoms, yesterday, with refer ence .to the examination fin Sydney of meat for export. The particular point discussed was as to the intcrchangcability of Federal and State officers in carrying out' the work, Air. Holman's idea being that a more effec tive moans of working together could be : arrived at.' In this Air.- Tudoi concurred, and it Was agreed that they -should arrange a conference, -to- take place in Sydney, be tween the .officer intci'Wed,: with a view of arriving at a .'scheme tliat Will attain the end indicated.'' ' j In -the vicinity "of ' the AAfiirunga basin there! lias been 'Soihe feribwnT of the fear expressed a few ycars'.ago that there was risk of tlie-banks collapsing with disastrous consequences to' 'the iturronnding country. Air. Dethridge: onu- iof:,tho members of the AVator Comniissioh; ' in- uinswer- to 'an in quiry, said yesterday -' that' 'there was not the slightest: ground for: anxiety:' -Somfc water -bad :been - noticed' -sonkihg 'away froiii -the outride of' the embankment; but inves tigation-showed tliat it ' Was due to niin- fllll on' tlie crest;'- ' 'M- ' ' j \- GreatSssistaffec -is given" fn the 'training of senior cadets ot-hcr than'1 'school units by permission ' being griiritetl ' to the De-' fence' department' to use State ' school grounds 'for drill.- In view'df thisinstrue- tiohs - buve - been issued by - the Alinister! of Defence that the utmost care is to be exercised in order to avoid liny. . damage -being done. " -Fafadcs of senior' cadets arc to be formed 11 p 'on tside the grounds, and the unit then matched -in, -after which thii gates are to be- closed. After the parades the units rare- tbrh'e mnrclied out-alid ' the gates securely- :lbekfe<l.'- ' In the case"bf;' any damage, such- as brokeSi -windbwil'-or- -KViees- being reaused, fit is - to be'-reiraili-ed-' imme diately . Expenditure -for sueh- mat.tefs will be met- by tlie area alldwanee; ' . ' "It is hot. the intention , 'Of the' Doffjpeo : deiiartment to . riin ai secondhand clothes store," and it hiis been necessary to! notify this fact in military orders. Senior cadets removing to an exempt area or to ;i locality in which training is not carried out, have been at a loss to know what to <lo with, tlieir uniforms, and in some eases have endeavored to return theui. It is new notified that par-t-avpni clothing of senior cadets will not be, received back into store. AA'iion senior cadets remove to On' area in wliich there Is mo training they- are- to Tetain their uniform and keep it in good, order for the .full -period, of -tw.o.years,' so that it may -bo - available, fpr use- lit' parades in the event .of a further change; of residence or. an extension of the .train-' ing localities. : In an infoiTOal wav ttie Federal Govern- ment has been -.approached' by' the 'Uiiion Steamship Co.,- with-a view to the/grant ing of a subsidy for tlie extension to 'Syd ney of the existing mail service'" between San Francisco arid "New Zealand. Alinisters, however, decline to discuss tho subject un til. the coriipany sdlimits a definite >iropo-: fiition as to the, nature of the service and tlie subsidy required for it. A cablegram was received yesterday by Mr: Sprigg, seefelnry' :to' the Afelbourne, Y.M.G.A., from llev. Dr.' Chapman, in New York, announcing tliat the Cli'apmuri Alex ander mission will' 1'eiivc Vancouver . for Australasia on 21st February. Evangelistic work will be commenced in New Zealand about 10th March, 1912, and aftcr finishing there,1 tlie hiisaion will come to Australia. It is proposed to. coiitinuc here until May, iwi . - . The Australian Institute of Mining Kngi- nefcrs lias been closely . inquiring Into the question of whether action_of a Federal character' is" desirable "'for iho purpose of effecting geodetic,, topographic and geologi cal- survey. Tlie desirability lias been nf-.i firmed by members in so far as the prin ciple iq concerned. Yesterday a deputation representing a special committee of the institute waited on the Alinister for Home Affaips, and asked- Air. O'AIalley to ar range with the .Slates for a. conference be tween the heads of , Federal -and State de partments and representatives of certain outside- bodies to inquire into various .mat ters. The principal of these,, are— the ex tent, , to which the work of the various Federal and State departments and private enterprise would be assisted by geodetic, topographic and geological surveys;, to "What extent, if any, it is desirable that . the -co- operation and correlation of such services in. the various States should be. effected; . and to what extent, if any, such- co-opera tion or correlation should be taken by officers of the Federal-Government. Pro fessor SkeatB, who was the jirincipal sneaker, said; that if the proposal of geo logical and other surveys for Australia were carried out, they would be of the utmost advantage -to the 'development of Australia from the points of water Biipply, agriculture, mining and defence, all of which were intimately hound up in the pro posals. The Alinister, in reply, said lie' had listened with great interest to tlic statements made. The .survey branch of the Federal department- was only in ils infancy. Considerable .expenditure would be ; necessary to carry the' survey, proposal into effect, and he would have to consult his' colleagues opj.lhe . jnattec;'. the jcloth tiiey knew had to be cut according, to mea- i ' surcmciils. , jlowcvci', . ns .soou as . lie, got a respite -Train'- the elninis of Parliament, lie would give" the suggestion liis best con sideration, for lie J'ecogniscd the import ance of tlic subject. — 1 ; The Irish envoys, Messrs. Ilnsclton, Reilmouil nml Donovan, will speak at the meeting nrriuiged hy the St. Ienjtius branch II. A. O.ll. S. this evcu: lug, at S o'cloel-t in tho Crystal Palace Skntlng llliiU, llritlire-rdul,. Hlchmoiul, on .Home Rule, ami the Irish Vipe naiiil will render selections rluring the evening. The envoys will lie received liy thii mayor of Richmond, Cr. Jl." Alexander, in the town hall, at 7;p0 p.m. The usual monthly meeting ot the members .ol Royal Horticultural' Society of Victoria will be held on Thursday next, at 20S Finders-lane. A ieeture on The'Cnlllvallon df Sweet 1'e.is will lie delivered by Mr. W. T. Rockctt. Coriipetitlve displays of cslreolarias, sweet pe-aa, roses and car- nntions will .be made. , 