DOMESTIC SERVICE AND THE GOVERNMENT. An illuminating sidelight Is flashed upon our experiments in social politics by two occurrences recently In juxtaposition. A batch of domestic servant immigrants destined for Victoria was engaged on board the ship before its arrival at the home port. Last week the Government majority in the New South Wales Assembly decided to include domestic servants in the schedule of the Arbitration Bill. The Victorian case might be our own at any moment, has been our own, indeed. The fact of their inclusion In the Arbitration Bill surrounds domestic servants, nevertheless, with the conventional shops and safeguards of an industry fighting against heavy odds for existence. It is difficult to gauge legislation of this kind by any of the ordinary standards of common sense. That saving grace, indeed, appears to be the last resort of partisan legislation. Intent upon the end it has in view, which is generally the end nearest at hand, partisan legislation goes blithely on its prejudiced way, secure in the knowledge that automatic processes will presently enforce' it, and looking neither to right nor left of Its programme for fear of what may lurk on, either side in the way of unanswerable objection. It meets such in Parliament itself by the simple process of ignoring it Thus the statute book groans under a burden of one-sided legislation. In the case of the domestics it might more suitably be figured as laughing under the absurdity of it. For there if no more justifiable attitude, towards our Government's latest attempt to grapple with the domestic servant difficulty than the attitude of ridicule. The case is simplicity itself. The State generally, and the cities in particular, are involved in a universal domestic problem. Servants are to be had only with difficulty, if at all. Hundreds of households have found the difficulty insuperable. Many Instances of the kind have involved families in obvious inconvenience, and some have resulted In downright hardship. Comfort- able homes by the score are awaiting domestics. The position is such that not their mistresses, but themselves, regulate their standards of comfort, their hours of work, their rates of pay. Engagement is by the privilege, rather than by the request of the applicant for work. The slightest deviation, moreover, from what she regards as her due, finds her shaking the dust of the delinquent house from her shoes, for the simple reason that she knows that door after door is at her disposal. The domestic being thus the absolute mistress of a situation in which the ostensible mistress is become the merest sport of her former dependent, the Government of this State awakens to the fact, that something should be done. It proceeds, consequently, to do something for the domestic. It has hallucinations respect- ing her. It pictures her a victim of circumstances, in need of protection against the hardship of her condition. It does its utmost to lighten her burden, even to the extent of enshrining her in the bill which is to inaugurate a new industrial era. . ft -may be party politics, but it certainly is not common sense. Agriculture In Denmark The sixth of our special representative's series of articles on agriculture abroad will be found in our "On the Land" columns (page 6). The main features of the Danish co-operation movement, which are lacking in the Australian system, are summarised, and by way of emphasising the efficiency of the Danish system, the writer remarks that co-operation has made it possible for the small farmer to reap all the advantages formerly falling exclusively to the, moneyed man. The influence of breeding so- i cities on the improvement of the herds is also indicated in our special representative's article. The "Sydney Mail-The current issue of the "Sydney Mail" is the Christmas number. It has a striking coloured cover, which en- closes a rare budget of stories, sketches, and poems. The Annual, which was published In October, and which was so greatly in demand that the available supply became exhausted In a few days, was chiefly pictorial in character; the Christmas number, while also containing many beautiful pictures, is mainly a reading Issue, but a special feature of the publication is the excellent Illustrations of Australian stories and poems by well-known Australian artists. The stories, which are all well written, are admirably varied, humour, pathos, romance, adventure on sea and land, all being represented. These tales total eighteen, and there are a dozen poems by Australian writers, while there is, In addition, a number of selected stories and verses by writers outside the Commonwealth. A capital article, "Among the Euloowlrroes," gives a lot of information about the customs of the aborigines; "Milroy" contributes interesting re- miniscences; there is an appreciation of Clem. Hill by Frank Iredale; and the pages for women are, as usual, helpful. Accompanying the Issue is a supplement which will doubtless find a place of honour in many a country borne an exquisite reproduction of a fine painting by Mr. Muir Auld, representing "An Australian Country Girl." This is one of the best pictures that have come from the brush of this promising young artist. The New Taxation When the Legislative Assembly adjourned at halfpast 3 yesterday morning the Income Tax Bill had been carried through committee to the report stage. Kew amendments were made, and members of the Opposition, realising that the numbers were against them, contented themselves with short speeches in support of the amendments moved, and then went to the vote. Mr. Wade sought, without success, to have a limit placed on the life of the bill, and he was similarly unsuccessful in his endeavour to strike out the absentee sub-clause. The Treasurer, however accepted amendments to exempt companies from the operation of the absentee clause, and to make residence within the Commonwealth equivalent to residence within the State, so far as the tax on absentees was concerned. A further amendment by Mr. Wade, to Include commissions, discounts, travelling expenses, and interest amongst the items to be deducted from the taxable amount as regards income from land, was agreed to. Yesterday's sitting was a short one. Two or three bills were introduced, and the Industrial Arbitration Bill was recommitted for amendment in minor respects. The House adjourned at 10 o'clock. Politicians Under Escorted frequently are members removed from the Legislative Assembly nowadays, that the House looks upon these little incidents with some degree of amusement. Messrs. Price and Fitzpatrick were added to the list of victims last night Mr. Price persisted In seeking to move an amendment which the Speaker regarded as out of order, and Mr. Price's removal was ordered. The hon. member went out declaring that Par Maroent had been reduced to a farce and a burlesque. A minute later Mr. Fitzpatrick was removed, the Speaker holding that he had been disorderly all the evening. The member for Orange waited for the sergeant, inquired of the Speaker had he not better send for six policemen, and then walked cheerfully out. Auditor-General's Inspections The Auditor General for the Commonwealth (Mr. J. W. Small), having completed the inspection of the work of his staffs in Brisbane and Syd now, returned to Melbourne by last night's express train. He found that the business of the Commonwealth had so greatly increased that it was not possible for the existing staffs to overtake their additional duties without extra assistance. He made special inquiry in Brisbane with respect to the State Savings Bank check over receipts being brought into line with the New South Wales and Victorian systems, but found that it was the intention of the Government of Queensland to modify the system In certain respects, and thus reduce the risk of loss to the Commonwealth through possible default on the part of postmasters conducting savings bank transactions. The Electoral Act Regulations. Regula- tions under the Amended Electoral Act, passed this session, have been issued. They are practically a repetition of the regulations previously obtaining, excepting In connection with the conditions of the franchise. In the application the citizen has now to say that he has resided for six months in Australia, for three months in New South Wales, and for one month in the electorate. No Wattle Blossom A remarkable incident has been noticeable at Captain's Flat in regard to the wattle (writes our Queanbeyan correspondent). In many places thereabouts the wattle is so thick: that it is impossible to ride through it. Every year previous to this the whole country was ablaze with wattle blossom in spring time, but strange to say there has been practically no wattle at all on the blossoms this year, and stranger still,' In many parts of the district the wattles are dying out wholesale. No Rest for the Wharf-labourer Wages boards necessarily enjoy unique opportunities of looking into things affecting industrial life which do not come under the notice of the casual observer. Yesterday during the hearing of the claims of the wharf-labourers at the Industrial Court a curious method of "speeding up" was said to exist on a coastal shipping company's wharf, where it was stated, the custom was to cut off one of the handles of the trucks used for handling maize, potatoes, etc This rather puzzled Judge Scholes, who naturally inquired the reason. "To make you go faster," was the reply. His Honor still desired additional light, and the witness informed him that the absence of one handle caused the labourer to lean forward sideways. This had the effect of making him hurry to save himself from falling forward. Dr. Brissenden attempted to eluci- date the matter further by remarking that some people generally went faster when they were crooked, but his Honor held to the idea that people rather went crooked who went fast The witness further said that as soon as a normal truck came on the premises it was rushed off to the carpenter, who forth- with mutilated it in the manner mentioned. Another witness said he had known one one handled truck for 30 years. Police and Public-The fact is often elicited In police court proceedings that the public, as a rule, will not assist the police when hard pressed in the execution of their duty. Whether it is a disinclination to interfere with the course of justice, or whether the ordinary citizen thinks the policeman is big! enough to look after himself, no matter what' the odds, is not clear. At any rate the constable has to fall back on the fact that Providence helps him who helps himself. At the Central Court yesterday it was stated a! crowd of 1500 persons calmly looked on whilst two officers were having an exceedingly rough time in an attempt to arrest t o men. Two policemen, for a full quarter of an hour. indulged in a strenuous scuffle all over the road in Surry Hills with two men, whom they were attempting to apprehend, and a huge crowd contented itself with calmly looking on. Only one spectator interposed. He, is a spasm of magnanimity. induced a lady to refrain from jabbing a hat-pin into a recum- bent policeman. Street-hawking.-Manly Council has just been called upon to deal with a new phase of the street hawking question. The City Council had a couple of years ago to regulate the selling of flowers in the street, and that matter seems to have been satisfactorily arranged. But if, the seaside suburb the prevalence of prawn selling has constituted a problem for the civic administrators. A petition was recently presented to the council, praying that no more licenses be granted to the street purveyors of prawns, the main reason advanced being that they entered into competition with the Ash and oyster saloons. Curious statements were made at the council discussion as to the alleged evils of eating prawns. One alderman declared that the hawker generally took up a position in front of an hotel, it being a note 'rlous fact that prawns, when partaken of, created a great thirst. Then, there were prawn sellers who, having disposed of the contents of their baskets themselves entered the hotels, presumably to join the last of the customers whose prawn-induced thirst had driven them in there. An alderman declared that the prawn buyers in large numbers had recourse to the bars. and that eating prawns was an induce- ment to intemperance. The majority of the council, however, did not commit themselves to this strange proposition; and, while grant- ing the licenses, cast the responsibility upon the police of seeing that the street regulations were not broken. Missing Carrier Pigeons Two pigeon races just held are remarkable for the great number of birds that were unaccounted for at the finish. In the first, promoted by the Western Suburbs Homing Society, about 100 birds were I liberated in Melbourne for a 500 miles flight to Sydney, and of this lot only one has so far come home, belonging to Mr. Charles Freeman, of Canterbury, who has been adjudged the winner. The winning bird was bred from pigeons sent to Australia by King George V. In the second case the Newtown society, on Saturday, held what is described as the most disastrous race of the season, 103 birds being despatched on a 126 miles course from Gun ' ning to Sydney. The race started at 1180 j a.m., and only one bird' (belonging to Mr. A. Sheffield) arrived -home on the same day, namely, at 6.15 p.m. Next day 11 more arrived, making 91 birds missing. What hap- pens to the missing birds can only be con- jectured. Hawks probably pounce upon and devour a percentage. Some of them, through not being properly trained, go astray, and It is thought that some are shot by those who have a perverted sense of sportsmanship. 