SCANDINAVIA AND AUSTRALIA. . There is no foreigner whose name is sp familiar in Ireland as the Dane. *fhe Northman was long associated 4ith Irish history; he was disliked in Iceland, and .at length driven from the Country by one of Ireland's native kings before the Normans came- The . Dane got a firmer hold on England -than he did on Ireland: three Kings of ^England were Danes; but that, too, <yas before the Norman came to England—to stay. It is curious, in the light of old facts, to hear now that the Danes want to make a descent ppon Victoria J The sail from Denmark to England or Ireland was short, but the voyage from Denmark to Victoria is a very long one; and if the 'descent upon these shores^rcre now of a hostile kind, the coming of the Dane would - be heard of long before his arrival- But the desired visit of the North* man is of an entirely friendly character-: He has sent a man—and not a common man, but a noble—to ask may he and some adventurous and welljneaning friends come hither. Count Sponneck has arrived in Melbourne for the purpose of making arrangements, he can, for the settlement of Danish farmers inthis country; ,and, in cpniideiing' the proposal, all old quarrels ifrith .the .Irish, and the inhospitality of the English in casting out the Danish &ing; Canute the Second and taking back . the Saxons, in the person of Edwaird the Confessor, jvill be forgotten!. j-.But. the proposal is to be looked ' pon by die people of-the British Isles *ho are Settled here tp-day, and Their %ons who have been born here, from a . ioint of view of; their own,'in 4c existing conditions, of fiflir • #otld fcat they have established for them- : selves. _: : ., , :'.•>•.• A person in authority said, some . years ago, that he proposed to. reserve, at all events, the portion of Australia that he ruled at the time for "the British people"—by which, of course, he meant the people of the British Isles. He seemed to exclude "native" peoples of other parts Of the Empire. What is now the prevailing feeling upon the same subject throughout Australia to-day P Count Sponneck has come here to negotiate for the settlement of Danes in Victoria; perhaps he will visit the other States of the Commonwealth with a like purpose.. He is a landowner himself, and h-i says the land available for cultivation in his country is very limited, and the eyes' of people who wish to emigrate are turned towards distant Australia. The men who would come hither would engage chiefly in raising sugar beet. Now, the Count's idea is not merely to bring to Australia one shipload of immigrants, and leave them to take care of themselves, and prosper- No; he asks that he may be allowed to . bring to Victoria 300 immigrants every yearl And these will not be exclusively Danes, but will include Swedes and Norwegians. It will be interesting to see how the proposal will be received by the Government and Parliament—and let us add the people—the British people for whom Sir Henry Parkes desired that at least New South Wales should be reserved- Curiously enough, only a few days ago the "Argus" published a telegram from its Sydney correspondent, stating that a proposal had reached the Premier's department from Norway for the formation of a society to operate in Scandinavian countries .in the interests of New South Wales- The idea was for a commission of Norwegian experts to visit the State at the expense of the New South Wales Government, to study the conditions. It is also proposed that free passages and land should be granted to a few selected families to pioneer the movement. And the correspondent in Sir Henry Parkes' land made this final significant statement: "There is not a great prospect of the scheme being carried into effect." The fact, one would venture to say, is that any proposal to introduce foreigners in large numbers, regularly and in a systematic way, would hardly meet with the approval of the "British" people, and the Australian native, already settled in this new country, which they have opened up, and whose fine cities they have built- However, only proposals are now before the Governments of two of the Australian States, and it will be interesting to see how they will be finally dealt with. 