The Week Again the world beholds international drama at work in the partition of Africa. Italy was urged to take Tripoli, as it would give her' command of the future railway' system of the Soudan from Lake Tsad to the 'seaboard. In Egypt, Rhodesia and the Transvaal, Britain holds paramount' dominion in ' the' dark 'con tinent, while Germany and France struggle in Morocco for the Atlantic seaboard and Nigeria, and Italy makes her bid for tlm', Mediterran ean coast. Africans the happj^, jlnnitin'g-ground of every ambitious'Imperial State, Toy it pre sents unsurpassed opportunities for develop ment with cheap and acclimatised black labor. Australia, like America, is 'well-awpy from the turmoil of this polyglot of national greed;} Aus-.. tralia has a continent undeveloped, but'as yet no labor, black, blue or piebald, .to develop the greater part of - it. But there are thou sands of good white men comihg in . i ' ' * * jp * ' : \ }l' ' More , is -likely to' be heard , of , the Common wealth as a land-holder. Though Mr. O'Mal ley is lying low at present,- it is.:certain-that he lias not dropped his bold idea of. acquiring mil- ; lions and millions' worth, of real estate in the; heart of Sydney and Melbourne. He ha.s gl-i ready helped the Government to a large slice \ of tempting undercut from the best part of Perth. There are good reasons why the' Com monwealth -should get hold of as much city land as possible. All such-land has prospect - or vpst increase in value, and the Government alone can hold it without being subject to land tax. It is possible that some large way-back estates may be forced on the hands of the Commonwealth through the harsh operation of the Act. These are. unprofitable holdings, and it will be as well for the ^Government to havd some choice city realty to-'slibw as a set off. And it is so easy to pick tlie plums. The Government has but to stretch''forth its hand and say, "I take this," and, lo, it is taken! r Fo.ur''short , railways are to link up Mildura and; other Northern Victorian towns with natural outlets along South Australian lines. Similar reciprocity is noted in the recent atti tude of the New South Wales Government on joining Riverina 'rail routes with Victorian iinefe. This is the most fraternal occurrence since Federation, and it will draw the people together more than all the political harangues oi* a century. If America had had our chances with railroads and availed herself of them fully there probably would not'have been any] civil war in the United States. Nobody evejf anticipates internecine strife in this coun try, "but does it ever occur to parochial politi cians that the .one sure way cif making war possible is to segregate people into severed comtnunities by means of distinctive railway systems? Having broken down the State dead end. barriers the. next. moVe!>of enlightened Governments should be to abolish break of gauge. * * * The Victorian revenue returns for the first quarter of the financial year go to show that the prosperity of the State is as evident as ever. The total revenue was £2,056,385, or nearly one hundred thousand pounds better than " the corresponding three months last year. The most important increase was that, of the railways, which was £1S5,466, whilst slight decreases were received from territorial, public works other than railways, and miscel laneous revenues. The total revenue from State.-sources -was £1,650,122. an Increase of £223,333, which is healthy reading indeed. On the other side of the" slate we have Common wealth balances £397,2G3,' a decrease of £128,497. However, as a State we can well keep our end up and, anyway, our returns from the customs are the particular prerogative of the Federal Government, as they have it at the top of. Bourke- street. The miserable income tax-payer handed out an extra seven thousand pounds last quarter, as did the unfortunates who have to use duty stamps—in fact, they used £11,044 worth more. Probate duties showed a big -falling-off of eighteen thousand pounds, whilst the State coal mine yielded £139 less than during the corresponding per iod last year. The Treasurer's estimate for the whole of the current financial year is £9,680,000, and though that sum divided by four gives £364,500 more than the past quar ter's revenue, it is most consoling to know that, as a general rule, the first quarter of the year always yields a much poorer total than the others. * » * An Eastern steamer recently dropped a pro hibited immigrant in Melbourne and steamed away. The Customs Department spread its meshes and trapped the undesirable before he had time to obliterate his identity in the haven of Little Bourke street. An officer of the de partment jumped at the chance of convoying the prisoner to Sydney, whence to ship him home to China. It meant a pleasant little holi day jaunt. But at Sydney station the officer, after planting his charge on a tram, remem bered a forgotten trunk and rushed back to the railway platform for it. Returning, he found the tram and his prisoner departed. The con ductor, unable to get a fare out of the Celes tial, dumped him somewhere about the heart of the Chinese quarter, and now there is Hot a writ of habeas in all the Commonwealth strong: enough to draw the lost one out from among his cousins. The fact that lawyers and doctors have their "unions", has always been the subject of gibe by trade unionists and laborites generally. Some of the scoffers listened respectfully in the Victorian Assembly the other day when Mr. McKinnon explained that the legal and medi cal professions were made close corporations subject to special law in order to protect the public from the extortions of sharpers and quacks, j The Laborites were struck- for an apt retort. But they might have urged with some little, justification at least that lawyers and doctors take full advantage of the ring protecting, them, to maintain their professional stat\i§-and) io/vqsfst, the intrusion of outsiders .ihtb,:their preseiwe-StX •' *' " ' *' ' V; ;The .fopndatioh/sJE'ope of the old Melbourne ' ^BeiieVoIent • AsyluiiOwas removed, with the re ; ihains „_of. the;.l\uiiaihg, the other day, and'in % the ;c^yi,tyviuade.epecia]ly for documents, coins . and records -was found only a broken bottle half-full of dirt. The same disappointment has followed the removal of other foundation stones. Evidently the builders who "well and truly laid" the foundations of early Melbourne were not all served by workmen who had a ■'proper regard for the interests of posterity. * * m The butchers' men of Hobart have struck for less work and more pay. They complain that they have'to toil seventy hours per week and, to "wolf" their meals while serving custo mers. One would not naturally search for evi dences of the strenuous life in Hobart; nor in any other part of the happy, sleeps' isle; but it is a fact that, owing to the shortage of willing male workers, long hours are worked and the pay is not as a rule first grade. Tasmania is still waiting the arrival of a captain of indus try- to .put ■ vitality into its flagging industrial life. Sweating does not exist in the big metro politan duties where clockwork conditions pre vail, but in provincial places where slipshod methods make toil heavy, slipshod and unre mitting. . . That the ownership of small steamers on the Australian coastal trade must pay "handsomely the histbry of the wrecked s.s. Despatch demon strates. She had . but she did 42 yea; • V-mi <■ 7 idle except for - 1,4J",lul work, she was a] . . ,;MAW&bfeftb; small cargo routes. i-'l' ^^aKipcrmi lantic are noble ship. C)U... ' subsidy is required to ? ' ! \\] Despite the alleged , g « room for a new ma.Pi,,,!. . .. way into the Aust..slli master of. small stean, craft. TBPfle * * n The National Com.HI of Woiikwk^ . has taken to the study of 1ll(, ..!1!I®P,,Vj(!^ shortcomings. The t'erin is ^ JSL,wf for so prim an as: <,< nation 'h>MT language of the fanc.v a ''th,, JHe " pigeon which is just learning to fiJPaV P at the council said t.liai girl hh or no restraint from their lanenWSnrf gard for the conventions, n js J male observer who has got n/vJIu nf/ii tion where judgment is noi ligiM'i,, the gaiety of young girls can itiakffimS cross by getting into a railway "flappers" and watching them tattle distresses him; if is so verv|B'lpn/l gish, as a rule. The girls want tTOteetra eye of a mother or an el(lerlv«m|flen upon them. But they need moifflltohev proper teaching in school hv teacjEps whp" not suffer the easy familiarity heflpj$i teaL and scholar which is it sign of (ifigtmorttta^ the modern education of the dai™""' well-to-do. fetors oil ismi)'*:1 " ' During the wool season wharfffiEaitere'■ draw as much as :■!/<» an hotn Hpb oven work under wages agreements TOS/aiata( the loss, shipping companies haf||$addeflj| a bale to wool freights. The pri goods rises in consequence, worker finds the cost, of kecpuj' boosted up once more. For hl|g§greaBQj| freights On hide and tallow shoe-leather and candles are rt .... the old story runs on merrily, that the purchasing power ol must be gradually diminished; Mjfitt'tlie nothing to show that the cltancesj " luan gaining a period of leisurt ' an industrious life are inc.reai other, hand, in a period of inllatg great productivity, the power multiply itself in the hands of rich is not reduced. On the cfflglrfiry, the, high-wage system many millBifelffiy ish. ■ * * * To permit of Sydney's Stat trucked over the electric tram r( passenger traffic has ceased at i] Act of Parliament is necessary.j of such useful cartage and c.arryfi be done on the Melbourne tramj were electrified; but. under the| it would be awkward to trunsfe route to route. Not. only hric.l merchandise and market gnrdt could be run across the■ city ditiously than at presem it the ijj availed of. A Bill has been inn educed tol Legislative Assembly ey » <^°| compel the Savings, ^ v clients the joy of ns.n.: . - three of the sweetest - 'jds m guage, "Enclosed_fine ;t< •: ■'i' will use them gale ■ an jections to the sclw ^ positors are entrust' 1 . spousibility the , l'i ,: whicl| measurably. Other st find it unwise to t>-;; • ; t 7 counts, and make -• a year for keeping " ac y]I of .England does 110. ; > <■' • deposits as our ba- • Thei is"; the Banlc of E ;- • ^ontInllj here will not be al— • is permlt !ir('0unts "nkB. ,( by adva„ • v,llF 11 ,lL ■ <■ task W,U "au(1 <'v('n i ,.])(, 'iember de ii ilP "(i flu, pay interest \ u;.. the cheque ,1 On the w u; j]lt benefit :&««.• u,?ir ■J lllf'y tei positors who SWSfft"iDter' ... jVIIIV lht'in. .i.t-iirm and other r.mtected with of Australia are S atiti • though, the i, l'(PP i incrc-ase in wages 1Jfntetaiiial i"cijns ]agt Jan. ■'i/"Sing fSr another. But :?aht'iidj f" wider field than aiiif f'°L1 1]ie proposed rises ,sl"f Danish ii' companies, n tl«' l,!^S to every tug and Umlhtn coast.. .The t!fr "r nher firewood barge will U nf il e muster of an inter \- , RG goes round, and ^,1,,H:": Sas Such in money, , !ll'n " ternl recognition of his .miir'irance in court will ■!fSi;;'ion' Court proceejinfs ,fiirii de corps m the huhet to . vif which are now resorting to it. t * # n„ null of Victoria having %b .1 P., and tlie Prahran bench i rifle. the seeming vendetta •j'istB in Prahran may he expected : tag tells a story of a woman i talc-ratting sinful until she aeci •:i out that her husband followed i:i ilien to save himself from hei monstrances he inveigled hei to a And ever afterwards they went t the races together. It would be It.Philips out in a 200 horse-power 35 the dust fly in tlie next, relia r mental disease expert tor Vic 's an alarming increase of insanr tee of alcohol. The proposition ataiE. Asa fact, the alcohol-habit si' greatly all through , Australia riless old colonial days. But, then, lire drifted into other habits. The iiit life lias fascinated them. The mhad time to Work its effects on ■tier. We have become a _ ner ;r.rung people, seizing tlie delights 3 life and brain work with avid Uaturcs alcohol plays with dead it sups the vitality of brilliant but m minds, and in such cases their p proves their ruin. Dr. Jones liMiice may be drinking far less till the old colonists, but it needs i less and less as its mentality mplexity of its civilisation in ■list three years the wages paid Victories have increased, approx jtmillion pounds—a rise of about 75 % the year 1910 the wages bill ;t!fon £7,700,000, and the value 1 ™tp«t of the factories was j'the SO,929 persons employed. ■«ories only 49,-19;! were males, gaining ner prestige as a manu vtaiid owing to climatic reasons ■■ttmtinue to do so, hut the State • h check upon tlie undesirable calefactory work." s. « * * It is good new's . to '} that at lengi k the proposal ,a Philatelic Congress in Aus tasolid being. The four phil AUBtralia, tor ner with one troru ,i.a mem'- •"fbip of over nLii, ,v proper •!. and every event, v ich is to take .October 12 to 21. A b JL11. .er me;- is are to' be ik .^jhition, ;;. ;i a souvenir 18 proposeto circulate rea. King :orge, who is ^-,iiievPpnn1?Cv?l has become "iitim jbl^atelr' 'lub, and we 01 :v • H. L. White, f'tinnn 1S ' limated to be 4ii? .and ' "'°'000- It is B"iirnm iiCo11' 15ons wil1 be ^ thai n, Dai" "f the world, tt ttere st be quite a staniy \ in Australia ;,itnT<w t'0r aii>T phila indfv?J)pr,0!': ning congress dual bas a few money by bringing them "Mechanic" writes:—If ever the thinking people of the Commonwealth had an industrial cud to chew they have one now in the Mount Lyell strike.. Labor has in this instance taken the gloves off and exhibited in all its heartless tyranny its policy of dictating, not considering, terms of industrial peace. Those responsible for the trouble at Mount Lyell state that so far as labor is concerned a matter of principle is at stake. For the price of one man's wage a huge industry has been laid idle. Immense losses to both employers and employes must result, with the consequent hardship' and suf fering to a community of some thousands. Women and children will have to suffer, and no doubt in many cases go hungry; there will be heavy expenses in Arbitration Court pro ceedings, and all for what, forsooth? in order that organised labor may carry out its principle of dictating terms at the sword's point. "The matter of principle," so far as labor is con cerned, is a mere red herring drawn across the track of compromise. If the company re instated the discharged man they must' lose control of the men and discipline would become a farce. Such a state of things is just what labor desires, but what it is to be hoped that the labor agitator will not get. Put in plain English and without the "matter of principle" garnish, the ultimate aims of the labor organ isers are: — (1) No man shall have the right to work and live unless he is a unionist and is willing to bow the knee and kow-tow to his particular union boss. (2) No employer shall discharge a unionist, no matter what his offence, without first humbly asking the con sent of the union to which he belongs. (3) The employer shall be only allowed to make profits on the distinct understanding that he hands all his gains over to his employes—how the employer is to live is his own look-out. (4) The only one who shall neither toil nor spin, but who shall live on the fat of the land, shall be the paid agitator; and the workers he de ludes with lies and false promises, together with the capitalists he worries and blackguards, have got to provide the sinews of war for this delectable end. The above may appear, on the face of it, somewhat fantastic and overdrawn, but the man who denies that there is a very, very solid substratum of truth in it would be termed very much of a "chump" by hundreds —nay, thousands—of working-men in this State who are beginning to find out that there is a good deal more of the "wolf" about the ' agitator than there is about the employer. 1 ■ ' *N * * The bravery of a woman was the chief fea ture of a case heard in the City Court, Perth (W.A.). Harry Pazey fired a revolver at his landlord, Nicholas Clarke, because there was no supper left. Clarke bolted for the police, but Mrs. Clarke, when a revolver was pointed at her, closed with Pazey, wrenched away the revolver, got him down, and held him till the police arrived. Pazey was committed for trial. Last Saturday's sporting events included the very interesting—to amateur athletes—item of a ten-mile track championship race. This was the most important track event of the year, and there was a splendid attendance at the Richmond racecourse to see the event run. This was the second ten-mile track champion ship run in Australia, the first being held by the Melburnian Hare and Hounds on the Mal vern cricket ground eleAren years ago. This year's race was promoted by the Hawthorn Harriers, in accordance with the Victorian Amateur Athletic Association's racing laws. There were 104 entries, fourteen clubs being represented, and no less than 76 runners faced the starter. The cinder track was in excellent order, and very good times were recorded. The fact that E. R. Voigt (Malvern Harriers), the winner of the five-mile world's championship at the Olympic Games, was making his first appearance on an Australian. track lent addi ' tional interest to the race. Voigt, who cov ered six. miles in 32min. 25 2-5sec., was forced to retire owing to, having strained a sinew in one of his legs. The winner turned up in W. Murray (Melb.), who ran the distance in 56min. 30sec., with E. A. Neate (Carlton), 57 min. 2sec., second, and A. C. Ryan, 57min. 21 sec., third. The first mile was run in 5min. 3 2-5sec., Voigt leading, with Murray, Turnbull and Neate in close, attendance. At the end of the second mile, run in lOmin. 15sec., Voigt had a lead of 25yds., and his breakdown after go ing more than half the distance .was most un fortunate from a record-breaking point of view. The sealed handicap .run . in connection with the championship was won by H. G. Sharp (Hawthorn Harriers). Madame Du Bear is giving an "^:home'' ,at her residence, Dalgety-streef, ' St. ..Kilda, on Saturday evening, October 21, .when- she will introduce some very talented. pupils, among others the little girl only eight years old whose success in the first examination^ of Associ ated Board of the Royal College qf M"S_1C just been announced. She is probably the: youngest, student, who has e.ver passed this examination. 