DANISH1 IMIIG1LtRANTS 'A SCHEME SUGGESTED. WITH A HOPE THlAT IT WON'T BE PIGEON-HOLED. The Minister for Lands has received a letter from Count Spouneck, of Denmark, addressed from the ijanish Consulate in Mcelbourne, in regard to the practicability of arrangements being made for the in troduction into Tasmania of immigrants from Denmark, The letter is as follows: -"I write to you in the hope that I may be able to interest you in a project which I believe will appeal to you as 'Minister for Lands, and as such concerned in the question of immigration to your state. A personal explanation is necessary, and I may say that I am a Danish landholder of some standing in Denmark. My credit and influence in Denmark are such that I could guarantee to bring out to your state upwards of 200 immigrants yearly. These men would be selected by me, and they would be of a type that any country would be proud to receive, being hionese, thrifty, hard-working, and thoroughly ex-, perienced farm labourers. After a year or so's experience in Australia these men would all take up land, and materially assist in the development' of the country of 'their adoption. I trust very much, sir, that you will not pigeon-hole this letter without giving me an opportunity of elaborating my scheme to you in de tail." The following suggestion for obtaining 200 to 300 Scandinavian farm labourers per annum are offered: "To ensure obtaining the right stamp of farm labourer, it is essential that a Scandinavian of good reputation and well known to the community should person ally place before intending emigrants (in their own language) full particulars of the conditions and prospects of Australia. November being the time at which farm people in these parts obtain their summer cheque and return to the cities, I suggest that I should set' out for Copenhagen an nually on August i, and travel one month each in Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, whilst the farming people are financial and in a position to afford the inci dental expenses associated with a sea voy age abroad. Having had experience in immigration work, I find that one great objection raised by these people is that they are ignorant of the nature of the country to which it is proposed they should come. Therefore, it is my sug gestion to accompany each batch of emi grants, and assist them in every way on the voyage, and supervise them after their arrival until euch time as they are placed in situlatons. An oflice should be allot ted, open all the year round, where cll questions touching the 'buying of land, ,stock, implements, etc., could be dealt with. 1 al a Danish count, and conduct my own farm in Denmark, and am well and favouraily known tlrougiout all the Scandinaviman territory. It would be therefore taken for granted by these peo ple that anything I lent my name to would be thoroughly bona-fide. I am not, however, prepared to work as an agent. but desire to be appointed the duly credited represen.ati.ve of the S'ate Government in this matter, and furnish ed with full credcntials bearing the im press of the Goviernc ent. 'Illis is essen tLil, because a portion of the press is very hostile to emigration agents of un certair. bona- fides. ITrnending emigrants will be thorou,-,hly ajs"urcd 1'y reason of knowing that they will have one of their own coune.ry men as fir'-'ld and guide, 'ind many will be induceel on tlat account. The approximate annual expense of the scheme will 'be- '£` s. d. Office, Copenhagen ....:-...... 5 0 0 Five months' travelling, Den mark, Sweden, and Norway 67 10 0 Railway fare ................. 27 0 0 Advertising and petties .-..-:.- 17 0 0 SMeals on steamers .....- .. 14 17 0 Salary ............. .-...... 250 0 0 The Minister for Lands is about to forward a reply, expressing his Interest in the scheme proposed, and stating that he has laid it before the Department of I'mmigration. 