THIS MORKIN&'S CABLES. r'ABRIEFSUHARY. An Anglo- German rapprochement meeting has been held in London at which Professor Steper, of Munich, in dicated that a friendly interchange of views between the British and German Governments with reference to the diminution of armaments, was proceed ing and might lead to further develop, ments. Lord Loreburn, who presided, tsalil he hoped soon to hear good news flritft regard to Germany. George Gray, the Australian billiard player, in a letter to the 'Sporting Life,' repudiates former challenge* purported to have been made on hl» behalf, and states that he is now free to meet either Stevenson or Inman In a match of 16,000 up for £250 aside. Stevenson recently defeated Inman by 18,000 points to 16,914 in the Billiards Control Championship. The Mexican Peace Conference 1* to' be held at Elpaso In Texas. The revolutionary movement is said to be extending outside the armistice zone, and several minor captures have been made. The United States is allaged to be asking the Mexican Government whether or not Vice-President Corrall made a statement that America ' fomented the trouble in Mexico -in order to enable America to intervene, It is believed that Mexico will re pudiate the statement. The American Democrats- ? have secured the right of precedence for the Farmers Free List Bill. It Is believed that .they 'will carry the meapura through within the next week. Sir Edward Grey (Secretary of State for 'Foreign Affairs) has applied to Persia for an option to construct a raiftyay from Khormusa Inlet (at the head of the Persian Gulf) north wards through Ahwaz and Shuster to Khoramabad, in the region which Great Britain and Russia have agreed ?to. observe as a neutral zone. The scheme will enable British goods for Persia to go direct to Khormu.'sa, in stead of entering Turkish territory. The scheme Las led to an outcry in the. German press. Count Ostrovosky, a noted card sharper and hotel' thief, has been ar rcs.'ed in Riviera. He has already suf fered a long term of imprisonment for stealing £5,000 worth of jewellery in Berlin.' ' / 'Major Bremondrs column has en Wed Fez, .after gallantly fighting it» way through '.he rebels. The column from 'Casablanca is proceeding by forced marches, and Is said to be wlth ing 50 .miles of Fez. General Monier** detachment Is at Rabat, and 1,500 Taza horsemen, loyal to the Siiltan, have reached Fes. General Mangiri is' now sufficiently strong to hold out for some time, against the rebels. A telegram from Algeria states that a French column advancing from Taza. was attacked by Moroccan tribesmen. ? The French lost 15 killed and 20 wounded. M.' Havgcard, a Danish officer In the United States, in the course of a 'newspaper article, asserts that the Declaration ? of London is distinctly 'unfavorable ' to Great Britain. By reason of her geographical position, Germany is ^.ble to obtain food sup plies by land and sea. The vague ds- . finition In article 34, he stotes, ham pers England's food supplies enor mously. . v The date for holding the wrestling and boxing contests. in connection with the Festive1 of Empire has been alter ed to July 5. It is reported that M'Maii'.gal, ont of the three men arrested on a charge of. murder ir connection with the X-os Angel'es- dynamite outrage, has made a confession of guilt. Four thousand immigrants have ar rived in Winnipeg. ' A fierce hurricane has caused con- ' siderable damage at New Orleans. Six schooners were blown ashore. 1 Mr. Borden (Leader of the Opposi tion in the Canadian House of Com mons) has offered to end the existing Seadlock to enable the Prime Minister, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, to attend the Im perial Conference provided the Gov ernment agreed to postpone the fur ther consideration of the agreement. Sir Wilfrid Laurier- repHed that unless the agreement »vas allowed to pass ha would not go to London. Mr. Price (Republican) speak ing in the United States 'House of Representatives, de clared that the pouring of Americana into the. North-East of Canada, and the attitude of the Democratic Party to wards the reciprocity agreement, fol lowed by the effort to secure freetrader had only one aim, namely the annexa tion of Canada by the United States. The 'Pall Mall Gazette' remarks that if Sir Wilfrid Laurier's intimation to the Canadian House of Commons that he win not attend the Imperial Con ference unless his opponents abandon their resistance to the reciprocity 'agreement, prevails, it will be very much like a deliberate affront to the mother country. . ? By a majority of four, Mr. A. O. Gardner (Unionist) has been elected to fill the Parliamentary vacancy in Cheltenham. His opponent was Major Mathias (Liberal). The voting wap: — Gardner, 4,04-3; Mathias, 4,039. During the debate In the House of Commons on the Bill introduced by Mr. E. A.- Gx-ulding for the registration at, aliens, Mr. Winston Churchill (Sec retly of State for the Home Office) said that Mr. Goulding's proposals for registration were impracticable, inas much as a criminal taking a ftrst-clasa .ticket would 'be able to escape incon venience. , The United States gunboat Wilming ;ton has been ordered to proceed from Hong 'Kong to- Canton to protect the Americans at the latter place. v The Berlin correspondent of the 'Morning Post' states that the Pah German Press is complaining that the Germanising of Samoa under the ad ministration of Governor Solf is pro ceeding too. slowly. He is alleged to be showing undue partiality to the Eng lish settlers. 