. NOTES. FROM LONDON (From Our Special Representative.) \- London, Nov. 1/V Organised emigration ironi this country t'o the Overseas; Dominions is receiving more and more atten tion. The committee of Colonial Intelligence, inaugurated eighteen months ago. is one of the agencies' through -which that attention is be ing directed. The lea.gue aims at having, all over the Empire, repre sentatives who will receive and' place women applicants, and at the same time keep the central office in Jjonaon supplied witn up-to-aaxe in formation as to the various open ings, rates of wages, etc., in the dif ferent parts. The. feature of the scjV ciety is that it is for educated wo men only, the surplus of whom in [ this country is great. The difficul ties surrounding the subject are by no means light, and it is necessary that-, in such work the organisation 1 should be thorough, efficient, and comprehensive. The Hon. Mrs. Nor man Grosvenor, who travelled this summer to Vancouver and Victoria I (Canada) in order to install the^'nrst j of the league's representatives '. in British. Columbia, states that she 1 came back convinced that for . the I right .sort of woman — strong, hard working, and not a grumbler— op- portunities are unlimited. Apropos of this question of emigration and immigrants, a letter from an exser vice man, written from Queensland to Lord Roberts, under whom he had served, is of interest. The wri ter says : ''As a Londoner born and brought up within the precincts of Westminster Abbey and the King's Palace, also having resided in New South Wales and ?Queensland — the latter for many years— and, there fore, ? well acquainted with the lat-. ter's ^ climatic and commercial ;. f pects, allow me to say that the army pensioner, in whose welfare your Ex cellency has ta.ken so great an, in terest, cannot do better than emi grate to Queensland, where he will find, if he is honest, willing to work, and avoids drink of an intoxicating nature, success will attend his ef forts. There -is ,plenty of room for millions. 'The Times' has an exhaustive re view of three volumes dealing with 'The Bush, the Maker of Men.' These books are 'The King's Cara van,' by E. J. Brady; 'The Trooper Police of Australia,' by A. L. Hay den; and 'The Dreadnought of the Darling,' by C. E. W. Bean. In the Bush — multiform and far extending, but always vast and always lonely — lies hid the secret of Australia, says the reviewer. There, as Mr. Bean writes, 'the ideals and standards of Australian manliness, hospitality, j and chivalry will probably be al ways manufactured, as they certain ly are to-day.' The few great cities of the seaboard are just cities like any others. The inland towns are either furbished-up mining camps, ! or semi-organised ganglia of the j bush's nervous system. To under stand .the Commonwealth to-day, the ''Times' man goes on to say,- we i must understand the ordinary Bri tain, as the bush has remoulded him, and for that purpose must attain some knowledge of his environment. } For this reason 'The King's Cara- I van' is not merely the sentimental | travel- talk of an Australian minor { poet, but a document worth patient study.. It is an illuminating book despite the annoyance of some pur- ! pie patches. The author sympathises strongly with the Australian Labour party ; and he is a 'white-Australian' who sets forth j his reasons for being so. Mr. Hay don's book is ostensibly an historical record of the mounted police work I in -Australia, but the most useful and J lasting impression it gives is, ac- j cording to the reviewer, of the bush loneliness. In it there is much to interest the general reader, who is less concerned with historical ac curacy than with gossip about ad ventures. The author of the third book, 'The Dreadnought of the Darling,' concludes the reviewer, sees what the other two seem .to have missed — that the bush is the living heart of Australia. The accomplishment of an under taking to catch, lead, and' ride an I unbroken colt inside two hours as- j tounded a gathering of horse dealers, i horse breakers, and farmers at Nqrthanipton the other day. The exhibition was. given by Miss Agnes j Hyland, who was travelling the! provinces with 'Wild.. Australia.' [ Miss Hyland' s contract with the show has now terminated, and it. is probable that she will tour the coun try giving lessons in quick horse breaking to those who desire in struction in this .characteristic Aus tralian art. The close of the work of the hos pitality committee of the Festival of Empire was celebrated- by a pleasant semi-private dinner in London, the chief guest being the Duke of Ar- j gyll. There is a likelihood of a prac- j tical result to the gathering, it be- I ing suggested that the experience of ' the Dominion Club at the Crystal Pala.ce this summer had proved the need of a central club in London for visitors from overseas to. meet Eng lish people. The Dukey of Argyll said that if the. representatives of -the- ? dominions thought well of the propo sition a house in a central position would be obtained for a club. A draft agenda ha-s been prepared by the committee dealing with the Imperial' Conference of Teachers' Associations, ? convened by the League, of Empire, and has been re ferred -to the overseas teachers' as sociations for consideration. Sub jects suggested for discussion be tween the dates of July 12 and Ifay 1912, are the following: — The train ing of teachers 5 curriculum and or ganisation of- rural schools ; value of practical subjects, including Handi craft, in the training of the child ; co- ordination in education ; teaching of local history and nature study ; .difficulties of pure pronunciation; physical education, and the place of history and geography in education. . While the number of fatalities in and about mines and quarries in the United Kingdom was larger last year than in 1909, the. gain in safety over a long period of years is evidenced in a report just issued by Mr. R. A. S. Redmayiie, chief inspector under the Act. The report states that, reckoning from the year 1851 to 1910, I each quinquennial period (except tliat for 1906-10) shows a steady de- j crease in the loss of life per 1000 persons employed. -The death rate j per million tons of material raised at. the mines under- the Coal Regula tion Act during 1910 was 6.37, as compared with 19 for the year 1851. .j A11 important development in mining j of recent years has been the growth of the use of electricity as j a- means of transmitting power I in . and at mines. It is interesting, therefore, to note that during the year there were in all 21 accidents resulting from the use of electricity ?in -mines, I causing the same number of deaths. Mr. Redmayne remarks that the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908, commonly known as the Eight Hours Act, is working fairly smoothly, I though what is known as the three shift system, an outcome of the Act, is causing trouble in Northumber land and Durham. . The operation of the Act does not appear to have I been the cause of an increase of accidents, and it seems to have had but small effect, if any, in the re [ duction of output, though it is pro bable that it has resulted in an average increased cost per ton of i coal produced, the amount of which it is difficult correctly to estimate, and it will be subject to consider able variation according to the con ditions of the individual colliery. There were employed in mines and quarries last year 1,163,920 persons, a net increase on the preceding year .of 37,548. Of this 'number 212,598 worked above ground and included 6404 females. A novel way of treating confirm ed laziness is beins: tried by Pro fessor Kellers, a well known psycho logical expert, who is superintend ing experiments carried on by the Danish Government regarding the treatment of the mentally weak — in Denmark the inveterate loafer j's J classed . as mentally ' weak. About j 18 months ago the Government ac- j quired the Island of Llyee, which is J about a thousand acres in extent. ] Here the lazy man ? undergoes a truly Spartan 'cure.' Either he must settle down to regular habits of work — chiefly of a rural charac ter — or the 'rest- cure' is pushed j home to its logical result — he is ! forced to lie in bed for a term vary- I ing from a day to three or four days. By that time the ennui be comes simply unbearable, and the man is glad to escape from the tor ture of. sheer inactivity. The more criminal types, especially the dan gerous lunatics, are segregated to 'I some extent from the more ''ne'er- j do-wee'l,' or loafer, clement, but i equal ? surveillance is kept- on all alike to see -that no one effects his escape from his island prison. That there is nothing new under the sun is exemplified by the fact j that an improved type of the dia- j rnond saw re-introduced in 1899, and which has just been perfected, is believed by the best authorities to be similar to the instruments used for cutting the blocks forming the Pyramids. The new saw, which is set with diamonds, is cap able of cutting marble or limestone at the high speed of 2 in. per minute. The old method of cut ting, which used steel blades work in «r on a damp bed of sharp sand or | shot, could only achieve about 6 or S in. per hour. That old system of cutting is generally disused by the larger contractors, but the latest - type is even an improvement on the circular diamond set saw. The new type consists of an endless band or belt of finely, tempered steel, set with diamonds, and is capable of cutting direct through stone to a depth of 6. ft. One of these saws has been set up at Yeoyil, Somer- j set. The belt is set with 276 dia-, monds, varying in weight from one- \ half carat to one carat. These dia- j monds are fitted in steel sockets j round the lower rim of the belt by ! means of electric welding, and are ) ?fixed at intervals of 2 in., not in a j direct line, but alternating from rim.j to rim. This 'latest improvement, it is stated, ' will probably revolu ..ticnise the stone-cutting trade. ----To have cut equivalent blocks of stono by the old method would have been impossible owing to. the cost of the, construction of steel plates rang ing -up to 14 ft. in diameter, and, therefore, liable to buckle out of the true. Twenty tons of stone is the largest block normally handled with the new method, but this ele ment of capacity as well as the ele ment of speed places the invention on an unprecedented level of utility. 