AN IMMIGRATION PROPOSAL. settlers from northern europe. MELBOURNE, Saturday.— Count Sponnoclc Is at 'present oh a visli to Victoria with a view Of finding ehpouragoment for agriculturists from Denmark to' settle in' the State. In tho course of an Interview ho said;. the- land, available for cultivation in Jjeaimu-JL \\\ua VU1J muitvui «"« the system of peasant proprietorship prevailing tended to make- it increasingly difficult for young farmers to secure holdings. The Danish Minister for Agriculture had had to step in to stop exploitation of tho pooplo by American and' Canadian private' companies, who, by glowing promises of freo lands and homoBtoads, coupled with flamboyant misrepresentations, had In veigled thousands of Scandinavians . across the Atlantic. In tho majority of Instances, having been bled of foos . and generally fleeced, they had boon loft -stranded. in Denmark at the present time, especially in Jutland, said pount Sponneck, the eyes of would-bo -emigrants were being turned towards Australia. Tho material was at hand, and he could gunrantoq to bring out annually 300 Dan ish formers, of whom the State would have rea son to be proud. For tho flrpt two years they would work as farm '.laborers, and then, with tho ca'pitat thoy brought with them iilus thoir savings, thoy would take up. land and work It. Count Sponneok added that he hud laid the proposition kafore. the . . Chief - Immigration Officer, who fiad promised to submit, it to Mr. Graham, Minister for . Agriculture. Briefly, Iv was that bo he commissioned to. sot out for Copenhagen annually, and spend one month In Denmark, Norway, and Sweden respectively, . Ha proposed to" acoowpany each, batch of immi grants an4 supervise them after, tfieir arrival' hero until suoh time as they were all placed. In situations,- -Ho , did ndt .desire to' work as an agent,' but as the represontatlvo of the Vlp- torlan Governinenti' furnished with full creden tials bearing; the impress of - the Government. The cost, ho said, would bo exU-emoly moderate. 