VIEWS AND COMMENTS. Sunday Entertainments. M. Finkelstein," replying to "Weekly Rest," observes "Your correspondent objects to Sunday picture shows because of labor reasons. Weekly Rest' has probably observed the futility of attacking the Sunday concerts from a 'Sanctity' standpoint, so launches out on the labor tactics. He knows that the pathetic appeals to the public to realise the wickedness of Sunday entertainments, particularly those provided by moving pictures, are likely to have no effect. Indeed the public looks with indifference on the Sabba-, tarian, and expresses an opinion with a amazing frankness, if called upon to do it so, on the desirability of Sunday shows or, otherwise. This being so a sudden change ¡ 1 is deemed advisable. "Weekly Rest'" j i therefore hunts up passages from a letter, to the London Times and in his zeal and j eagerness forgets that we are not in England, but in Australia, where, thank good- ness, the conditions of labor are 100 per I cent, better than in the old country. He 1 mentions the opposition of theatrical, musical, and variety artists and employes to Sunday opening, and losing sight or is unaware of the real point at issue in that country. He does not know that until the event of the picture theatre the question of Sunday entertainments had never arisen. 2 The Sunday National League was doing its good work and providing innocent recreation for thousands without let or hindrance. But when the picture theatres arrived and gave their entertainments on Sundays, when it was noticed how crowded were the former, and how the music halls and theatre dividends dwindled and diminished, then it was that the vaudeville and dramatic world was accused, and a combined attempt was made to injure the picture theatre proprietors by means of the Sunday opening question. Apart from this trade rivalry which is what it really amounts to-to compare the conditions ruling in England with those in Australia is foolishness itself. In England the majority of picture theatres commence their shows at 10 in the morning and run right throughout the day and evening until 11 o'clock. Many of the theatres run three performances a day. So why refer to England and its conditions as an example of what should be done in Adelaide? Then again how absurd it is for Weekly Rest' to advance the railway strikes in France and Portugal as an argument against Sunday [Shows in Adelaide when it is remembered that in France and in Portugal the Con- tinent- Sunday is in full sway, and things are done there on Sundays that would shock even a picture manager. If "Weekly Rest' honestly believes that the few people should not work on Sundays even to give pleasure to the thousands let there be a consistent policy. Why should the Chief Secretary single out the picture show? Why allow, as he says he will, a choral service, which would mean employing many more persons than a picture show? Why allow band concerts where as many men are engaged as" in all the picture show-, combined? Close the Zoo and give the animals and attendants a rest. Close the Botanical Garden? and the Botanic Park and give the Sunday orators a rest. Stop the trains and the trams which employ hundreds. Prohibit boating on the Torrens, and do away with Sunday work in the newspaper offices and bakeries. Then, indeed, there will be a day of rest." "Wilson" writes:-"There are five letters in your issue of February 14, all in one strain, condemning the Chief Secretary's action in clearing down the so- called rational concerts previously made a trade of in Adelaide, and also with the party or political element introduced. The five writers give only one alternative to permitting the people to go to Sunday entertainments wandering around the streets and elsewhere. Harry A. Main' refers to the refined pictures and noble and pure sentiments shown on the pictures. If he refers generally to the pictures, it is evident that he rarely attends picture shows. I have attended one or two on Sunday evenings. The fact that there will be no more Sunday entertainments does not concern me a bit. The pictures shown are the same as shown on week nights. For instance, one night pictures by French actors and very French in treatment were shown. Man calls upon another man and his wife, and while showing all outward friendlies- to the husband winks at the wife. On a sudden call away from home of the husband he makes good his time by professing love in dumb show, to the wife, and possibly things would take a different turn were it not for the fact of numerous callers disturbing and the abrupt return of the husband, with the usual silly comedy nonsense. Another picture on the same night showed a man much taken up with a woman in a train, inviting her to dinner in a room with a bed showing rather well in the corner. These pictures were received with great delight by the rather mixed audience. The next picture, a scenic trip through Switzerland, was received with very little applause, and rather im- patiently, by the Sunday night audience. Of course there are other pictures possibly exceptions to the above Sunday night concerts, entailing extra work on the management and the employes, are unnecessary, and the alternative suggested wander- ing round the streets also. There are six nights in the week, and with the exception. say, of perhaps Friday and Saturday nights, very few people are seen wander- ing' round. Parading the streets is either a very fascinating game or less not. If it is, with no indoor entertainment, we shall still have the parading; if not, people will stay at home or go to church, take a walk afterwards, and then home and to bed early, getting up fit for the black Monday, and with six nights straight off to indulge in a round of gaieties. I hope that Sunday night so-called 'rational' concerts are finished with once and forever." , W. Cox," Port Pirie, as one who has attended all the Sunday concerts which have been given in that town tails to see why such stringent legislation is enforced. "I personally have derived much pleasure and benefit from attending the ese concerts," remarks our correspondent, "and I see no reason Why they should be prohibited. The class of pictures I have seen screened have been more helpful to me than all the sermons I could 'hear in church. I defy any person to prove that any picture shown on the screens at Port Pirie on any Sunday night has been other than beneficial- to those who have seen it. What did we find before these Sunday concerts were in vogue? Young people after church service were walking the streets, wharfs, or in the park lands. Now that is a thing of the past. These pictures are not put on an- after church hours; so it is idle to say they are detrimental to the due observance of the Sabbath. After service hundreds of families leave church and attend the picture shows, and are improved morally and spiritually thereby. I think if the Chief Secretary would come to Port Pirie and see the enormous and orderly crowds which attend the Sunday night concerts he would instantly withdraw his prohibition. I know for a feet that the moral tone of Port Pirie has improved immensely since such shows have been in existence. AD the shows finish at 10 o'clock or earlier, and the audiences go right home, satisfied that they have spent the Sabbath in the spirit the Great Humanitarian would have them show. This is not a party question. It is a matter which concerns the whole of the people of South Australia, and I sincerely trust all parties, irrespective of creed or political opinion, will join with me in raising such an agita- tion that the powers that he will be forced to take notice of the public protest, and will let things go on as they were. It to already mooted in Port Pirie that indignation meetings be held to protest against the enforcement of the provisions of the Act passed last session, and a monster petition will be got up, which I am certain will be signed by thousands of church and non-church goers in Port Pirie. If that is not sufficient to bring certain people to their senses we have another string to our bow. We will boycott the churches, so that they will have to close their doors. As one of his party I do not want the Hon. the Chief Secretary to look upon is as a great- But forewarned is forearmed." Leslie Hope" remarks: "The latest move of the so-called Labor Government in prohibiting anything but sacred enter- tain-"nts being held on Sundays, and con- stituting the Chief Secretary sole interpreter of the word 'sacred,' should call forth a vigorous protest from every liberty-loving: citizen. Who is the Chief Secretary that he should be placed virtually in the position of a dictator and allowed to prescribe the kind of intellectual food we are to partake of? I am not concerned about the picture shows, which I never attend, but I may point out that it the only motive that actuated the Government were one of consideration for the employes it would be the simplest thing in the world for them to enact legislation securing one day rest in seven ter the workers without interfering with the right of the proprietors to open on Sun- days, if they desire to. How is it that our tramway workers all have the option of one day's rest in seven if they choose to take it, and yet the trams run on Sundays as well as on the other days of the week? I believe the real motive 1 t___jc_g the fiesernweafa .<*_» k a] desire to crush one or two small societies of intellectual men and women who hold their principal meetings on Sundays, and whose propaganda work may in the near future undermine the Labor Party if they are not dispersed before they become too numerous. Whether those _ people are right or wrong in their opinions the citizens of this State should safeguard them from the persecution of a Government which is afraid of free and open discussion in the light of day, for none of us know whether it will be our turn next to suit for persecution. I am not an atheist or an agnostic, but I claim that if people are more interested in politics or some branch of materialistic science than they are in devotional exercises they have _ a perfect right to pursue their favorite, Mudie's, and to hold meetings and discussions, and, if necessary, to take up a cold lection, without coming under the ban of a law which is a crying disgrace to a country calling itself a democracy. If this j outrage upon the people's liberty had been perpetrated in the bad old Tory days the Labor Party's Sunday meetings in the Botanic Park could never have been held, as the then Chief Secretary would doubtless have pronounced them to be rather of a profane than of a sacred character." Justices of the Peace. "B.J." agrees with Jas. Purvis" that the Government should exercise great care in appointing justices of the peace, and states that in the township from which he writes a person has been appointed who is utterly unfitted to hold such, a position. Tied Houses. Chas. E. Schafer," Mallala, states that the following information has been forwarded to him by one who claims to know of what he is writing "The publican is tied to the broker. Suppose you have £20 you go to a broker, show him you have the money to put down, and you would like a nice country hotel. In the first place he looks up the tied hotels and says to himself, 'I will get the brewer to put the screw on a certain house. The man with £200 takes it at £450; £200 paid down, and £250 on mortgage at 8 per cent. In one case the furniture had to be picked up with a fork. It was too filthy to touch. The mattresses and bedding were not fit for the manure heap; yet the poor tenant, is forced to take these things, not fit for a pig to lie on. The value which a publican pays is £200 for a £250 mortgage worth about £50." Our correspondent says he can bear out what his informant states in connection with some of the tied houses at Broken Will TO CORRESPONDENTS. "E.C.E." and Others The statement was not reported in "The Advertiser," and publication of the contradiction in our columns is therefore unnecessary. "Concrete." We are informed that the authorities know what is wrong and are giving every attention to the matter. "Anxious." The fare would be between £15 and £20, according to accommodation. The fare would be the same, whether paid here or in London. "Wager," Auburn The population of Orroroo is 761. "Ignoramus," Moonta. The railway from Quorn to Orroroo was opened on May 22, 18.52. "Dog Fancier. The duty is 15 per cent, on the cost price. 2. You must send a money order; the charge is 6d. "Three Travellers." Asia is the largest continent in the world. Australia is the largest island and the smallest continent. "Correspondent," Palmer The Federal Land Tax Office, to whom we referred your question, state: "This department cannot recognise any assessments from State departments. The landowner must make his own assessment, and if the unimproved value exceeds £3,000 he must maize a return." "Dulwich." You should apply by letter to the Burnside District Council, stating for what purpose the house is to be used. The council meets next Monday night. Claude Letfucy."-The uniform of the Senior Cadets will probably consist. of blouse shirts, trousers, patties, and felt hats. The predominant color will be khaki. "Advance," Goodwood You do not state whether you desire to become an indoor or an outdoor wireman. The former should have a knowledge of electric light, bells, telephone, wire, which can be obtained to some extent from books dealing with such matters. To become an outdoor wireman, you should try to obtain employment with the Telegraph Department or the Electric Light Company as a line laborer. Thus you could acquire the necessary experience to qualify yourself for the work of a linesman. "wirelessed. There are no classes in Adelaide in which wireless operating may be learned. 2. The qualifications are a good knowledge of operating and receiving by sound, and also a thorough acquaintance with the machines to be used. 3. Wireless operators on ships are appointed by the owners on the recommendation of the wireless companies which instal the apparatus. "Old Subscriber," Beltana. The address is "Somerset House London." 2, The immigration authorities, to whom we referred your second question, reply as follows: There is no British ship on our records named the 'Tilly,' though there are Swedish, Russian, and Danish vessels of that name. is the spelling correct? A hulk lately broken up by Messrs. J. Darling & Son was called the Lillie, and previously was known as the Ava. She was built in U.S.A. Can no indication of the date be given?" "Troubled," Prospect From your statement of the case there would appear to be ample justification for the girl's action in leaving home, and, in the circumstances, the parent's appeal to law could scarcely be maintained. We would advise you to lay all the facts before Mr. Gray, of the State Children's Department, who will be pleased to give assistance and advice. North Adelaide's copy of the Commonwealth Defence Act may be inspected at the Staff Office, Selborne Chambers, Pirie-street. It will give all the information you are likely to require. "Roger Walkley." You should communicate with Mr. H. A. Marshall, care of Municipal Tramways Trust, who will doubtless advise you what to do. "Joker. Provided they can prove tenancy the council can compel you to pay rent for all amounts for which youNdo not hold receipts. A cheque, however, can always be produced, provided due notice is given at the bank, and is, in itself, sufficient proof of payment. No. 2," Victor Harbor-The complaint you mention is an obstinate one and difficult to cure. The safest plan would be to consult a physician. "Rosario," Blinman. The barque Wynford 1,859 tons, which sailed from Monte Video on December 24 last, appears to be the only vessel from that port now en route for Port Adelaide. She is due to arrive, according to the "Daily Shipping Index," on February 20. James Bell and Co., wheat merchants, Port Adelaide, are the agents. "Subscriber." If all other measures as your only alternative will be to take the matter to court. "Old Subscriber," Pinnaroo The owner may shoot the animal himself, the attendance of a policeman not being necessary. 'Interested," Adelaide. The Surveyor General's Department, to whom we referred your question, reply as follows: "Under an agreement of repurchased closer settlement lands of the value of £2,000 the purchaser would have to make 10 half-yearly payments in advance of £40 each, being interest at the rate of 4 per cent.' per annum. After that the purchase money, together with interest at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum, would have to be paid by 60 equal half- yearly instalments in advance of £56 8/4 each. After the payment of the eighth of such instalments of purchase-money and interest, the sum of £186 17A would have been paid off the principal, leaving a balance of purchase money of £1.812 2/11 still due." "Eucalypti. -If you forward us a flower from one of the trees we will endeavor to advise you further. "Gawlerite."-Designs intended for the competition for the new Commonwealth postage stamp must be lodged with the Postmaster-General, Melbourne, on or before May 13. . "Constant Reader;" Murray Bridge. Your fowls are suffering from group, which may be of a serious character. Your premises are infected with the organisms of this disease, or it may have been introduced by strange birds. Your best plan is to kill all affected birds, as, even if they recover, they will be unsuitable to breed from. Disinfect all poultry houses, yards, food, and water dishes. A teaspoonful of oil (olive), to which may be added three drops each of eucalyptus oil and kerosine, may be administered to each bird daily. Apply a pinch of boracic acid to the affected eye. Jas. Reed," North Adelaide's far the Government have done nothing to help immigration by providing assisted passages. What assisted colonists have come out to this State in recent years have come under the auspices of the Immigration League, of which Mr. G..H. Boykett, King William-street, Adelaide, is the local secretary. Wager," Mung Apples. R. Fitzsimmons was born on June 4, 1862, at Helston, Cornwall. 2 Peter Jackson did not fight John L. Sullivan. 3. J. Johnson and S. Langsford did not meet, although not WTTs I--U*b-(L 