ADVANCE EDUCATION, ' Teachers in Conference. The Opening Session. * There was a large gathering oE teachers -wd others interested in the cause of edu cation within the spacious assembly room of the Adeluide lliirh School on Monday morning, when the mxteonth nnmial confe rence of the South Australian Public, School 1'enchers' Union was opened. The Acting llayor of Adclajde (Aid. llonytlton) pre mded, The Minister for Education (lion. V. W. Coneybeer) and the Acting Director of Education (Mr. A. II. Neale), the Pre sident of the Union (Mr. C. Hronner). and members of the inspectorial Btatf of the Education Department occupied Beats on tlm platform. Among others present were -,MeiBra. J. Lewis (President of the, Vic- torian State School Teachers'. Union) and S, A.'BuJey (a visiting teacher from Dal rat). —Acting Mayor's Addrc33.— The Acting llavor said that, except for Xhe official position he happened to occupy, lie would tittVe hesitated to -undertake such an limpoitwit duty as declaring the pro ruedings ofiJn. The annual conferences of the teachers of the State were of the high est interest and impoitafnce, not' only to vthoso immediately concerned, but to the general community. If the welfare of the teachers alone hud to be considered such catherin^ would be fully justified, as every body admitted tlm advantages which result ed from the exchange of opinion, and no one would dream of excluding front luell advantage so useful a body of Workers as those largely responsible for ,tbe training of future. citizens, but in the case of the teachers unity of thought and action was peculiarly desirable, fliidtb^ assoilation.had. % much wider scope than the mere advance ment of the personal interest of its mem bers. By thus meeting and conferring to* gether the teachers kept in touch not only ' with each other, but by interchange of idea* with tha forward tendency of the educa tion movement throughout- the world. (Ap plause.) The community prided itself with . lood reason on its educational system, and 'ft had done much to enrich not merely the ? 8tat«.but the Empire with citizens who had -aistinguished themselves in many fields. Without/ however, the whole-hearted efforts of the teachers the system -would have been riothing, and their association, had been n powerful hicans, of kindling en ''Unwlasm for their work. It was a calamity to any State when its teachers were listless 'nnd apathetic, however otherwise qualified and however splendid the system; they administer might be. (Hear1, hear.) ?♦Character, Culture, and Power.— (When education was leas'- esteemed . the teacher,' unless lie Were ipeolaliy con Mientiqilfl, had probably an easier time. But -nowy when the teachers calling, was Bpoken of, nonictliing more was. meant than wasepmmonly implied by the phrase. 1 tlnless the teacher had a real vocation fo- ' his profcusldn ho had better choose almost my Other, for what could' be 'Worse than lo entrust tliu training of children to 'un worthy nnd ignorant persons? That would be an oilencc' aRuiuat childhood and the community. There waa abundant evi ?dence that the teachers :tookv jijfand pride In their work; but it was not for this' cM- ?' raunlty to say that the pride nnJ jcy ought to bo their own' reWunl. Position ? and talarv should bo proportioned to the high ifctandard of work attnined by the teachers, .X'haracter, culture, power to inspire the .?interest and gain tjio. confidence of the I Voung, technical efficiency— all involving Jong and careful preporar' w— went to the 'inaking of the successful . etcher.. Modern | conceptions of education t, 'd noj be ful-i -.Ailed without them; and th.i fact should! be borne in mind in the contiJeratiori the community from time to time was asked .lo give to the legitimate claims of the I , leacncrs. For any (sacrifice it might make ,Jn Ibis way tho State got Ha.return in two ..Uircctlonfi. The better tho t fit eh I ft* the better the equipment for civic duty I and .jit was to tho Bchools they had to- look if .tho , nation was to . maintain its place in the worldwide struggle. In the preliminary staged'' of, education .the foundation must be brpnd enough for ?ichildren of every calibre,' It was in the 'higher Btagcs that variety and Bpecializa lion might bo expected to enter,, and it was then necessary to consult the individuality of the student. Tho large classes necessi tated1 by reasons of economy made this a difficult task; andvono of the problems of tho future was how to combine economy in ,,the raaUert/of classed with J^e. obligation1 which rested on tha teacher. of studying ,^1* 'special, character and aptitude of every .child in order that hi might be in a posi tion to answer tha question bo often put to ,'teaehtt* by. Anxious parent*— 'What nhall I do with my, boy (or girl)?' Another problem,, whiim called earnestly for settle ' mant, was the tiding over the troublesome nnd often dnngeroua period which elapsed ?.between the present compulsory age of Hdhool attendance and the attainment of something like years of discretion. As things were now this .period wan too often wasted, with tho result that many, for getting all they hit] learnt, drifted into Jopie Ways- of living,, which tort bften ended ln'oWer. (Hear' hear,); He had always Uksd great Interest in thVworfc of the pub lic School teachers, as he prided himself tfi the fact that he was a State school boy, (Apfilattlc.) He had muoh pleasure, in de* tMitg-tflt conference open, and wished its aellberatlons every possible success. (An plauia.) '.;?;?? ? ? ? ?' -tfhi President's Hetrdspact. Mr. Brbnner, in an able and forceful presidential address, gild that before ad i pressing himself to the subject hs had \- DlloRen he denfred to refef to tome of the 1 outstanding features In the educational his tory of the nast year. Foremost were the gratifying Increase! in salaries, which had iuinrovod, and in many cases' uonsiderably iUtforaved, the1 economic condition of the ma. jonty of teachers. (Applause.) Never In the history of the Education Department did ftuch a large measure of relief and com fort come to so considerable a proportion of teachers as on December 22 last. While xeserving to themselves the right tb work and strive for still fuller recognition, they wire grateful for what had been done, nnd their gratitude Was1 shown not in words only, but by more effective work, in that It was performed wlthi better heart and a 'more hopeful spirit, (Applause.) ??','' f , ---N«w Departures.— ' * Tha primary teachers were proud of tha Adelaide lligh School, and proud of their \ district high schools, They wished them Well, and whatever they could do to add to i and extend their Usefulness they would do i, Wthout itint. hi the base of the ladder which led from the primary school to the 'University stood the infant schools, of iWhioh the latest and most complete was opened list October in Norwood. They hailed these schools with delight, and noted with pleasure a fuller recognition of the .truth (hat education, to be complete, must train tha hand and tha heart as well as the headi Accordingly they eagerly looked for ward to the time when a modification of the cnrrtaulum, or rather of the method of examination within the curriculum, would render possible an extension of the kinder- - gartui spirit and Froebelian methods, that happy eo-urdination of work and organized piny, ip1 the. first and second and even 1 third ' elasses. (Applause.) .There was Uveeplng over the older Countries of; Europe, - ai^d to lOtne extent Ame-* rlea, t wave of opposition against the un du« preponderance of formalism in the pro gramme of studies for children/ up to the .fijte of .nine- or ten., and whin thai wave reached Australian shores none would sire ' it a more ardent welcome than the teachers ftrtiit jftiraary tchoola, '? ' — Domtstlo Art.— At Norwood had appeared .ret another .institution, .preguont with far-reaching pos- . klbilities for the social add economic well* 'being -,of fahire generations, lie referred to the establishment- there of their first .domestic art centre, where teachers were receiving a thorough training in household work and management and domtaUe hy giene, and whence in due course these jeachert wou'd, be sent throudidut the length and breadth Of the State, to give the piils not unerelv' a new conception cf the ditnity of domestlcl work,, but ii live for tvliiit wn.4 nt onre tho glory and the drudgery of a woman-the orderinu of a (ill rv home, He would also exyi'tw sitls Isctlon »t the better provisions mado fnr ihe iipnfc^ioiml trnlnitw of Icaelicrs. While illllmatnly nutliintf fhort of » pronprtv {nuipred trnlnins collesre with a three or nur yfars1 entirHO would unfllep, they Were nlcaecd to note the Ifml'Miev whiVh ||ad manifested itself in this direction. ''—Cadets and Defence Training.— Quite recently the Government had de clared its policy with regard ,to scholarships and evening continuation schools. They gratefully no'ed the generous increase in tho former, and the department would haya the hearty co-operation of the teachers in its efl'orts to make the latter a sude'eas. The year had seen the passing of the junior cadets a-i a uniformed and armed unit of the defence forces; and. while few would regret this,, he believed there were null fewer teachers who were sorry that they had association with them for a season. Not only hall their presence given a fuller conception of the value of smartne-s, pre cision, and promptitude, but it had taught the use that could be made of boys in drilling and handling small drafts of their comrades. (Hear hear.) With the new system of universal training— or, at least, the principle underlyine it, they were in thorough sympathy, and in so far as its provisions entailed no undue hardships on teachers or children, they would give tbe moyemttit warm support. j —Education Bill.— , I The various (associations affiliated with the Teachers' Union had already expressed Batjsfaction at and agreement with the main provisions of the Education B.ll. As the matter waa iri a sense sub judice, he refrained from further discussing it, beyond saying that the executive of the union fully endorsed the favourable opinions expressed by/individual associations. (Applause.) -Sentiment and Its Cultivation.— The aotual subject of his address was 'Sentiment, and its cultivation in the Bchook' Sentimentality was not sentiment; to be Bentimental was one thing, to be im bued by pure and lofty sentiment, another. The former was generally selfun, m.rbid, and purely emotional; the latter altrui.-tic. sincere, and firm-y stayed on an intellectual bisis. fiousseau wrote nearly 200 years ago: -'If It is true that reason- governs our actions, it i3 equally true' that, sentiment sways tbe reason.' The time seemed sin gularly opportune for -a- few moments con-- federation of this aspect— a time when the cold searchlight of reason would fain pry. not Into the hidden taysterles of -nature and science only, but the secrets of life itself; when the taaBter passion ? of lie.thelcve between man and woman, was being attri buted to the action of a microbe, and ths lnyalie union of t«fo toula explained by the ', (tertt theory* or, when yet another school would regulate the mat ing of the tejLti by purely physiological and physical considerations and psycho inetrfcal determination. It. was a time when serioud attempts were being made, as in America, to,weigh tho soul and ex mw! the1 term of immortality within them If terms of avoirdupois. Those might, be extremes, or excrescences of pseud* scien tifio investigation, but they, indicated, a tendency toward a barren matena'ism— not . the irreligious ,or .apti-religip.u.8 jnatenalism,[ of last century, but of a chilling indifference j to all emotions and feeling? which did not itt,WfdltU-;y minister 10 ioati and Jphjrfeieal wellbeing and welldoing, or ' material plea suit. It had been said that if this ten 3tucj» to eliminate 6Vefy thins that did not directly appeal to the intellect nnd the m'«on was not4 arrested, in three genera tions they woulo; have a race of men with enormously developed heads. and ludicrously attenuated -bodies, a kind -of human hatpin, just as attractive and lovable as that weapon* (Laughter.) . ? ^Happiness- and its Significance.— It waB not for this, exaltatjop i»f the r« bu'u thn£ tlie Magi Ot eld burned low their torches in some cloistered cell, but in the ►e'aieh for the 'Btbtte of the Wine,' that Bcvenfold key to human happiness. Deep down in their hearts ana! souls the yearn ing after the same happiness was just as Btrong to-day, did they but interpret their '? secret killings aright. In the report of a commit* on appointed to enquire into the reformatory establishments of England, the following occurred:— 'Almost without .ex ception, the cakes which refused to yield to all reformatory or elevating influences, were those of boys and girls who had spent a' loveless childhood. In most cases where an appeal to a happy home iiould ' be - ,' made, reclamation was possible.' It would thus seem that desire hi happlnesB wua more than a beautiful sentiment ; that it had a deep sociological significance, and that, in. cultivating the Bentimentfl which tend 'to make children happy, ther did niora than merely gratify an emotional tendency. , —Artistic Sentiment First, he would refer to the artistic sen timent, or the sentiment that underlay an intelligent appreciation /of everything beau tiful in Nature and art. What w.eue they doing in this direction, and what might they do? He doubted whether the walls of ? aaf school* in »th» -worldl were -mu-e'r lavishly decorated than those of South Aus- ( tralU|With engravings and copies of .the1 best masters, but he aleo doubled whether . the teachers made quite the right use 'of them. How often did they, ask their chil dren to 'tell the story' of a certain pic- j ture, or to write a composition on it? That was an excellent practice for cultivating, the powers of observation and imagination, but little calculated, he was afraid, to make the childreb' feel, drink in, and become absorbed in the beauty of the picture.' In other words, they were training the intel lect rather than the esthetic sense, and missed an opportunity of counteracting the blight of intellectualism, which would rob i them of everything; not directly essential for economic and Social advancement. While not neglecting the present praetice, admirable in its way, should they not also give the faculty of appreciating a picture : for its beauty alone, to distinguish between a Leonardo and a highly coloured adver tisement, and to occasionally lose them selves in ,the contemplation of a master piece. —Music and the Folksong.* Similiarly with music. In no country which he knew was more attention, given to this subject, or better ( results obtained, and yet younjt people did not ,sing. Young ; men and women who a few yean ago $ang from music, in excellent time ahd tune, j barmdnked excerpts . from Gounod's ' 'Faust1^ or RoFfilni'a 'William Tell' could scarcely be persuaded to join their church choirs, or raise their voices in - anything beyond the merest snatches from light opera or musical comedy Why was this? Because in almost every Instance the music or the words, or both, were exotic and wholly unintelligible to children, and in. consequence the impression on the memory was but faint and often completely effaced in an incredibly short time. If they wi-shed to cultivate a love for rinsing as distin guished from listening to singing, they must teach their pilpils songs written in their language with simple, tuneful melodies, that would linger in their memories through life, and revive the practise 'of 'Folksong,' which, according to the poet EeUme, was to desirable a trait in a na tion, for he said. 'Where yon hear eom, there rest in peace: eril people do not sing.' (Applause.) —The Beauty in Nature.— In Nature study lenons and excursions the teachers had great opportunities of f ottering the love for all that was beautiful in Nature. But here again they must re member that, tboueh there, were 'books In runnintt brooks,' and 'sermons in stoned,' the book as well as the sermon was apt to 'become tedimls and uninterest ing if they asked the children to classify the deposits 'along the banks of the brook, or to determine whether the stone was igneous or metamorrhic. He did not de claim against the development of brain power which the learning of sneh physical Mots' entailed. Indeed, ' it waa re HUlred for that deeper knowledge and appreciation for. which he was pleading - the development of the esthetic sense and the power of losing One's own individuality and becoming merfed, for tbe time, in the bmuty that held one. Let them hare Nature study and ahlWtons by '»H meshf, but let then for Kst »n»lv*i* and clarification and habits' tometime*. and just suffer the children to drink in tbr beauty of bird and Sorter and Mil and v»H«y. ? — Patriotic* Sentiment.— Then there Was patriotic sentiment, which they endeavoured to foster in history and poetry lessons. Often were they dis liMrtened at the lack cf response en the part of the children. But was the fault -tivit-rt thrirs? Had it been with the clarion lotp of exultntion that the teacher? had re^ ated seme thril'ing achievement of heroism; ind tears been in their voices a3 thev dealt ivith a dark page of Eneland s m tenless liistory? If not, what .right had they, to look for an answering echo in the breast of tht children, when there had been uo call They knew that not wnat tney said, not what they did. but'what they were in their innermost hearts and souls deter mined the influence they wielded over their children. -It seemed, too, tint the method was often wrong. They endeavoured to raise a superstructure, when ilie're were no foundations. 'He who loveta not his bro ther whom he sees, how can he love Uod Whom he has not seen?' If they wanted a youth to, be truly patriotic, to hold in venewtion England and her King, and her heroes, they must first teach him to love hiB own country and her great men. , (Applause.) They must teach him that his humble cottage was the best place in the world, because it waa his own home; his father, his mother the best people in the world; because they were his parents: his little school, his chapel, hk village, his country and everything in it beyond compare, just because they were his.. In that soil teachers might implant an ardenO love and a true loyalty for the race. (Applause.) When they had inspired the pupil with a burning Jove for the land of his birth they took him in the geography lesson to its empty spaces. They led him to realize that if they wanted Australia to become a great nation, nay, if they wanted to hold it those spaces must be failed with millions of strong, virile, white men and women. Here again, if the* teaching was to go home, the teachers must believe this themselves. It must be a deep-rooted con viction, an obsession, that nothing in the world would preserve Australia for the British crown except population — thousands where there were now hundreds, millions where there were thousands, ? and that while immigration would do something, the weal or woe of this country would in the final analysis be determined by the men and women raised' from its eoiI. (Ap plause.) The question of the natural in crease could not oe discussed in the BChools, nor need it be. Let them send their chil dren away ^vith an abiding love for their country, and a knowledge of its dangers. Teach the boys that the. manliest and bra vest thing for a man to do wa* to found a hearth and home of bis own, And -to be prepared to defend it. And the girls? Away with gollywogs and teddybears, and .back to the old- fashioned doll vi their mo ther's time. (Applause.) Teach them that the sweetest name in the English lan guage was just the Word mother. Teach them thOse things, and they would have done something toward the solution of the problem |of how this great .country of theirs was to realize its own destiny. i —Ennobled by Sentiment.— With his soul attuned tb all that is beau tiful, his heart filled with an intense. love iot his country, and his whole- being en-, nobled by a deep religious feeling the tea cher could confidently Bend a pupil forth to live his1 life and live it better because of those things. He (tbe speaker) would enter - a disclaimer lest he should be taken to un derrate the value, of scientific teaching and . investigation. He was fully seized of the t importance of what the Germans called' 'Die Realien,' those 'subjects which more immediately prepared the children to grap ple with present social and economic con ditions, and enabled them to acquire such ft measure of material comfort and compe tence as was the birthright of 'every free born Australian. But the two aims, the in. tellectual and the esthetic; wete not alter native. . but complementary. The / fierce , strugglcforexistence throughoutthe civilized j world might be rendered necessary by the^ unqualified acceptance of Jeremy Ben tham's 'Survival of the fittest,' or Nietz sce's 'Superman,' but Hegel, a greater philosopher than either, after 40 years of patient investigation declared that the law of the physicist did not satisfy all condi tions, and that the principle of sejfsacri fice and self- abnegation, and self-realization. i;j other words the keynote of the Christian religion, lhad finally to be taken into ac count in all philosophical speculation. They might behold some mountain prospect, per chance in his own beloved Switzerland: as they sfnod appalled at the stupendous forces of Nature, which threatened death and destruction on everv eide. Thev might B«e it again in tlje reflected light of a glorir 009 sunset, the same sheer depths and beet ling heights^ and rushihg ic-irents find threatening avalanche: but they were unafraid, and the heart was . filled with admiratiqn ,of the soft beauty of the same vista, which bat an hour apro filled it .with terror. So might a more human and spiritual outlook sweeten and soften the stern realities' of life, which, though ever present, need not bo unduly accentuated in the training of the young. —The Dominant Note.— J ' . Ife did Hot wish to add another burden to the already heavy load of the teacher. The tiny speck of. raditim sent forth its won drous. emanations with undiminidied force . for an- almost unlimited space of time.. In the very act of spending its force, it was Bald to replenish its hoard of energy Whe ther this theory was correct be did not know, but loved to think it so. In like manner, might not enthusiasm, that radio activity of the , soul, act and react upon them, and enable them to give day. bv day of the bp?t that was in, them? Might they not be abld to say, with Juliet— ''The more I give to thee; the more I have.' Let them think, not only of wljat they gave but of what they received. And while they tilled and sowed and fended,, they should not forget to reap the joy, t, be satis faction, the inward. peace, that ever came from work well and conscientiously done. j. Let them remember, that it was theirs in a pre-eminent degree to lay np a etore. cf happy thoughts and memories for the time , when their working days would be over; I they to be among the, first, to, hear' .the words of infinite ' comfort— 'Inasmuch as- ye have done it to the least among; these, ye have done it ii) Me.' Let the dominant note of the Conference be one - of new !iope, fresh 'endeavour, lofty aspiration, and in spiration. Let them no forth to their work, be it in a crowded classroom, or some I lonely outpost in the far north, taking eom- ! fort and conrage from the' knowledge that theirs was a noble calling, that to them, as to no other class, rras entrusted the nhaping of the destinies of the yonng na- ! tion, and, in the beautiful words of the poet Let til do our work -i well, Roth the nneeen and the seen; Make the house where gods may dwell, Beautiful, entire, and clean. \ —A Scholarly AddresSj— Dr. J. A. Schulz (Principal of the Uni versity Twining College) delivered a deerlv interesting address on 'The foundations of the modern science of education.' The science of education, he said, which (.prang into being about. the vear 1600, was rather metaphysical and philosophic in' its nature. The modern science of education did not begin in that way, but was based on facts connected withi the Deeds and ideals of society and iacts about the na ture and development of the child which was to be educated. It was the ideals and needs of society which ultimately de termined educational aims. He did not think the nature of tbe child gave the clue to the aims, but provided the start ing point and influenced the methods adop- - ted. Having dealt with tbe moral ideals of society Dr. Schulz said another aim in education was that of culture. An in dividual could break away fiom Society and determine what culture he would enjoy, but without Boeiety there would be no culture at all. All art, science, and literature were the product of generation after gene ration of numan beings working together. The ideals prevailing among a community largely determined the curriculum of the schools, primary and secondary. More and inorei were people awakening to the extreme importance of social problems, fueh as dut, conflict, the relations of la bour and capital, and so on, This was reflected in the greater importance at tached in scholastic circles to the subject Of 'Civics.' ? —Arousing Permanent Interests.— A bitfhly essential factor in education bhould be the arousing of interest. Pessi mistic critics said the schools did not to any great extent succeed in developing permanent interests in the pnpils. They pointed t« the thousands of youths loung ing about street corners, Whose took did not ns* hightr than discussions about great national events like the winner of the next horse race, (Laughter.) Critics alto referred to the shallow interests of a large section of the community In every class. Blame, was often laid upon tbe examination or cramming system, and it was contended a that teachers emphasized too much the giving of knowledge and not enollgh that children Should find out for themselves. Pefhap* instructor* in the primary schools did develop interest in their pupils, who had, honfever, no . chance . , of . carrying it iurther in continuation schools of the right tjpe. Dr. Schulz then gave a lucyl account of the splendid results achieved by the 'people's ' high schools' in Denmark, whose object tvas to stimulate interest in every branch of culture. The iniluence of Euch institutions had been shown in the economic development of the country, and the Danish peasantry were considered as a class superior in mental attainments to any others in the world. . —Problem of Continuation Schools.— There was a danger that continuation Bchools in Australia would be coniinuatiou schools in the sense of pouring in know ledge and of examinations. (Hear, hear.) The great central problem should be recog nised as being the encouragement of re search— making the, teacher do less and the class do mote; but to interest students in a' problem required infinitely more aptitude on the part of the teacber than merely pouring out knowledge about it. (Ap plause.) The subject of child psychology had done much to awaken in the minds of men and women the importance of studying the complexity of. the child's nature, and the mystery of it, and had inspired on atti tude of somewhat greater reverence than formerly for the being of whom it had been siid, 'Its feet 'stand upon God's eirth and its head reaches into God's heaven.' (Ap plause.) While the science of education was based upon two systems of facts— that, about the needs and ideals of society, and that about the nature of the1 child— yet it was not a mere combination of. them; for the business of the science of education iras not so much to record facts as to set up rules. It was not so much a descriptive or even an explanatory science as a forma tive one. Moreover, it was open to suz geftionB from many sources. It listened, not slavishly, but not irreverently, to the voice of preceding generations materialized, as it were, in the traditions and institutions that had come down to the present . day. . And it listened with particular respect to the Opinions of the world's great educa tional reformers. The two great studies he had mentioned, however, formed the real basis of the modern science' of education, for to them, as to touchstones of truth, it must ultimately refer all its theories and all its rules. (Applause.) Two songs by Miss Watson, of the Obser. vation School, were much appreciated. PR. J. A. 6CHULZ. Princlptl et Training Collet* - PR. J. A. 6CHULZ. Princlptl et Training Collet* - 