NEWS OF THE DAY, A cottage hospital is to be built in Narromine. Many North Coast district farmers say that timber hauling pays them better than dairy farming. Last week the DBendlgo (Vic.) Municipal C?ouncil issued 340 summonses against defaulting ratepayers. The Defence Department has not yet made any provision for the drilling of cadets at Narlromine. An illicit whisky still has been dis covered in the scrub near Bellingen. No arrests have been made. The strike of stovemakers in Sydney, involving 250 men, has been settled, after lansting nearly three weeks. At an inspection of stallions at Albury for Government certificates, 13 out of 23 were rejected by the votarinary omcer. The Federated Fodder and Fuel Trades Industrial Union has applied for regis tration under the Federal Arbitration Act. Mr. Fisher, the Prime Minister, will probably make a recommendation to the Minister for Customs that will bring about negotiations with France regarding Australian meat. The Federal Executive has authorised an expenditure of £3000, without calling for tenders, to cover the cost of design, printing, transportation, and erection of pictorial posters in Great Britain for six months. During last week South Australia ex perienced the most severe and prolonged spell of heat in any month of August during the 55 years over which its re cords extend. The shade temperature at Adelaide was above 71deg., or lo0deg. above the average. The New Zealand Shipping Co.'s steam er" Rangatiro has resumed her voyage from Fremantle to Sydney. She has on board 735 immigrants for Sydney. They are a splendid stamp, and amongst them are a number of married couples with quite large families. The Federal trawler Endeavour return ed to Melbourne after a ten days' cruise off the south-east coast of Victoria and the southern coast of New Souleh ,Vnles, up as for as Eden. She captured 3i tons of edible fish, in Disaster lay, two hours' trawling producing 10 tons. Mr. George Leroux, a workman employ ed at Hosklus' iron ore mines, Talla wang, was wheeling a barrow load of stuff across .a narrow plank, when he overbalanced and fell a distance of 12ft, sustaining severe bruises and lacerations to his back. He was conveyed to Gulgong for treatment. At a meeting of the Moama to Moula mein Railway League Mr. Blythe, presi dent, outlined the proposals to load the land within a radius of 15 miles of the proposed line. All landholders agreed to load their land at rates of 2d per acre within fiv?e miles of the line, l1d per acre from five to ten mfles, and id from 10 to 15 miles. Alice Elizabeth Sanders (65), a single woman, died in the Callan Park Hospital for Insane, Sydney. She had been an in mate since January 5, 1001, and on July 23 last she was in the wardroom pantry, when another patient gave her a push. She fell and fractured her thigh. Until a few days ago deceased was doing well, but pleuro- pneumonia set in and caused her death. Mrs. Nelson, who was severely burned at Daylesford (Vic.) by putting kerosene on her garments and setting a light to them, with the object of committing suicide, died in the hospital from the effects of the burns. Twelve years ago her husband deserted her, and she had the responsibility of struggling for her young family. It is thought her mind be came unhinged. The Jury who tried the Broome (W.A.) pearl case have written to the Attorney General that they consider the Crown should return to Maidin, the-Malay part nor of Mackintosh, the whole of the £405 and the button pearl seized in Maidin's safe. Cochrane and Mackintosh were ac quitted of stealing the pearl,.but the Crown deducted £450 for the expenseO and defence of witnesses, and retained the button pearl. Putarb Singh, a Hindu, who is well known in the district of Tallan gatta (Vic.), has been agitating for some time for the admission into Aus tralia of his brother, Currum Singh, whom he describes as "a British subject, living at Lahore." The applicant's solicitor has been informed by the Department of External Affails "that the man cannot be admitted ltlid thad dommonwealth unless he passes 'th"'dicta~tion test prescribed by the' Immigration" Restriction Act, which may. b" applied in any European language, at the discretion of the officer." The Singleton Political Labour Coun cil has already called for nominations for candidates for selection In the La?our Interest, and several nominations have been received. A protest against this action has been raised by one of the branch leagues of the council, but the Political Labour League executive has de cided that the Singleton Council is justi fled by the rules in inviting nominations at any time. The selection of the Labour candidate will shortly be made. Whoever is selected will therefore be in the field well in advance of time-two years if the p'resent Parliament runs it full term. Sir Elllott Lewis, the Premier of Tas mania, in tile course of an interview on his return to Hobart from the Corona tion,' said that in England the people generally did not trouble their heads .about Australian party politics. They accepted AIr. Fisher as the Prime Mlinis ter Just as they would have accepted any one elsee, and did not care what were his politics. Those Who were litoresting themselves in Australia looked upon the good seasons and the maintenance of prices as the only things of real import ance to thom. It was a matter of in difference what political party was in power, provided that these two matters were satisfactory. An old four-roomed weatherboard build ing at Geelong (Vie.) was destroyed by fire shortly safter midnight on Friday. The building was occupied by Mrs. H. Wil liams 'and family of five children. A candle was left burning beside the bed of Mrs. Williams, who thought it would burn out. By some means the bedclothes became ignited, and Mrs. Williams was ewaktened only when the flames reached Iheor body. Other portions of the room were then ablaze. Although burnt on the arms, and almost stifled by the smloke, she seized her children, and carried them to safety outside. The building was burnt to the ground before the arrival of the fire brigade. A deputation representing the Council of Churches waited on Alderman Arnott, the Mayor of Hobart (Tas.), and asked him to restrain amusement institutions from conducting picture shows on Sunday nights. Bishop Mercer said that, while Sunday picture shows were' not unlawful, they were inexpedient from a religious standpoint. In reply to a question, mem bers of the deputation said that they had not attended shows' on Sunday nights. They did not complain that the pictures were objectionable, but that they caused a diminution of church congregations. In reply, the Mayor said that unless it wan proved to him that the pictures were ob jectionable he would refuse to interfere with what he considered were the rights of citizens. In connection with the medical inspec uion of school children in Victoria a series of questions is addressed to par ents, many of whom resent the chlarac ter of the querioes, which areo as follows: -Have any of- your family suffered or died fre.m consumption, rheumatism, heart disease, nervous troubles? Under line any of the following illnesses 'from which the child has suffered :--Measles, German measles (scarlet fever, scarla tina), mumps, diphtheria, whooping cough, 'hicklen pox, epilepsy, convulsions (cho rea, St. Vltus' dance), growing pains (rheumatism. ' rheumatic fever), sore throats, rickets. What other Injuries, illnesses, or operations has the child had, and when ? Average time of going to bed and of rising ? Is his (or her) sleep sound or restless ? Underline (if present) sloep-walking, snoring, sleep-talklng, tooeth-grinding, nlght- terrors. FoutLen tins of opium were found in the potsession of a Malay member of the crew of tihe steamer Aldenhnm at Sydney. The Malay was taken back to his ship, and handed over to one of thile oficers, and the opilnum was confiscated. Two tins were also takenlI from a Chinese steward end a further search roqaled two tins on top of a shed at the lQuay. While a meeting of the football club was in progress at the Royal H1otel, Day lesford (Vc.), a cow, which had been driven into the building by some practi cal jokers, put its head through the door way. The sudden apparition caused great consternation. The cow entered the bar, and a number of people jumped on to the counter to get beyond reach of its horns. Eventually the cow walked out lof the bar into the street. The latest reports from the BurrinJuck works indicate that the storing of water should be commenced by the end of the year. By that time the gap in the wall through which the water now passes should be illed in, and the dam should be up to the 130ft mark above the bed of the stream. A great volume of water la passing down the stream at present, ren dering the work difficult. When the gap Is filled up the flow will be diverted to the tunnel, which is to be sealed up later The last of the steel hopper barges built by Mfessrs. Pools and Steele, of Bal main, for tile South Australian Govern ment, left Sydney harbour yesterday for Adelaide, in tow of the Adelaide S.S. Com pany's steamer Lammeroo. This barge was launched on Friday night from the building yard. The vessel is of 1000 tons capacity, with a length of d140ft., beam of 28ft, and depth of 13ft Gin. Al together four barges have been turned out by Messrs. Poole and Steele for the South Australian Government, the con tract running into £30,000. Shortly after 10 p.m. on Saturday a large fireball fell partly on the roof and partly on the upper wall of a refreshment shop, kept by a Mr. Vlvian, at St. Kilda, and dissipated itself in a blinilng shower of stars. Several persons on the pre ,dises and in the vicinity received slight shocks, and were rendered speechless for a few moments. The roof of the shop was set on fire, but immediately after wards there was a deluge of rain, which extinguished the flames. When the fire ball fell all the electric lights in the vi cinity were temporarily extinguished. Edwin Chancellor, of Chancellor and Son, whosesale grocers, North Melbourne, died at hiis residence on Saturday night os the resnlt of a collision with a motor car at Brighton beach on Friday night. He was riding a bicyclo at tite time he was Itoocked down, and the evidencb available is titat he did not have his. lamp alight. His ribs on the right side were stove in, and some of the brokeo pieces otf bone entered his right lung. -e also sustained other severe internal tejuries, twos or three cuts on the head, nad brtmises on the ktnees and legs. Chan cellor was tn elderly man. At a meeting ofthe W rngade (Coo eamble) Shire Council, the clerk reported that the CGovernment auditor, who re cently inspected the council's books, in dormed him he was going to surcharge Councillors Croach and Peacoclc g12 each for meetings attended by them on the following days to meetings of the Pas tures Protectibn Board, of which both are directors. The auditor had stated that the Crown Solicitor had given it as his opinion that councillors going in first to the Pastures Protection Boards meet ings, say, on Wednesday, were not en titled to travelling allowances also for the meeting of the shire council on Thursday. A meeting of the New South Wales Railway Superannuetion Board was held at the 'hief Commissioner's officc. Nine pensions were passed to retired officers over 60 years, and four to retired officers under tCO years of age, making a total of 228 to date. Nine interim pensions were reviewed. It was reported that 15 pen sloners had died. One officer. under 60 years of age was approved for retirement. Refunds of deductions, with interest, wshere such hiad accrued, were passed to the representatives ofl seven deceased offi cers; two refunds of deductions were pass ed to 'oficrs voluntarily retired after 15 Mears' service, and refunds to seven officers dismissed for tnmisconduct were considered, the full amount of deductions being allowed in ecih ease. Count Sponneck is at present on a visit to Victoria with a view of finding ens couragement for agriculturists from Den mark to settle in the State. In t?h course of an interview he said the land available for cultivation in Denmark was very limited, and the system of pea sant proprietorship prevailing tended to make it increasingly difficult for young farmers to secure holdings. The Danish Minister for Agriculture had had to step in to astop exploitation of the people by American and Canadian private com panies, who, by glowing promises oaf free lands and homesteads, coupled with flamboyant misrepresentations, had in veigled thousands of Scandinavians acraoss the Atlantic. In the majoritY. of instances, having been bled of fees and generally fleeced, they had been left stranded. Thirty-eight" boys on board the train ing ship John Murray have sent a joint letter to Mr. Watt, Acting Premier of Victoria, with the object, in view of re cent allegations, of giving the general public "the trainees' idea of life on the training ship." The writers state that they have been cadets since the ship was commissioned, and wereo not frced to go on to the ship, but went there to be trained for the Australian navy. They were oinstructed only by chosen men from the Imperial navy and home training ships, who took a' fatherly interest in thelr woelfare. On the- question of per sonal cleanliness, the letter says that the boys are "supposed to go through the bhath every morning," and are then "pro perly inspected by an officer," The ship's company, it.. is pointed out, consists of boys who voluntarIly went aboard and those who require stricter treatment than home training, and "it is the latter class who are regardless of those whose character they injure," and "concoct fa. brlcations to try and escape discipline." 