MOTOR RAIL GARS. VICTORIA TO EXPERIMENT. MR. MURRAY'S OBSERVATIONS. Tho Victorian Premier (Mr. Murray), on being Interviewed on his roturn from Eng land, described his investigations Into tho transport systems of Europe (says tho Mel bourne "Argus'.'). ! Special attention was paid by Mr. Murray ( to tlio uso being mado of steam motor rail cars. Oa tho Great Western line. In Eng- i land, there arc 40 of thopo ears, which In sparsely-settled districts havo dono a great deal to develop traffic. Tho cars, which cost from £1600 to £1000, travel up to 3D and 40 miles an hour, can be driven from olthor end, scat 61 passengers, have a running cost of 4!£d per mile, und total cost, allowing for everything from 7d to 8d per car mile. "I am going to strongly advise the Ministry to got a few of tlicso motor mil cars." said Mr. Murray. "They would bo of great servlco on our cross-country or spur Uno. Tho Govern ment has alrcudy ordered two motors from Aroerlcu, but these aro more costly than tho steam motors which the Great "Western pco- plo build for tholr own use. 1 also saw roll- less steam earn running. For somo of tbo outer Melbourne suburbs lids typo of car would answer well." It has been suggested that, In the case of Australian produce intended for prorvlnclaJ contres, it would bo a great urivunlugo if un arrangement could bo mudo whereby tho goods might bo scut to the port nearest to tho des tination, rather than to tho port of London, for distribution from that centre. Mr. Mur ray sold that he looked into this matter, but found that It would be a hard Job to change tho channel by which produce travels at tho present tline. "London," he said, "Is un doubtedly the great distributing centre;, und a chango could not be offocted by ono Stato atone. I am not so certain that it might not bo dono by combination, or through tho Federal Government. However, it represen tative of ono of the lending English shipping companies will be coming out to Australia to consult with those interested in thiu mat ter," On the question of the representation of Australia in London, Mr. Murray said that the Strand site was undoubtedly tho best. It would bu of no use to reiterate what ovory- ono wqs Baying about how badly Australia was advertised in Great Britain, compared with Connda. There would bo n great advan tage in having all the States represented un der one roof. Nearly all the representatives of tho 8tatcs agreed with that view, but Queensland might be Inclined to stand out. There should be one great Australian ccntro in London, a building, not wortlty merely of tho present Importance of the Commonwealth, but commensurate with what Australia would bo In the future, und tho near future ut that. "Tho Victorian Immigration Office In Lon don," continued Mr. Murray, "Is well stafTcd, and 1t should be an improving factor 1n tho settlement of populatibn in our State. Tho difficulty at present Is not so much in the enrolling of newcomers aa In the securing of steamer accommodation. I learned on the way back that thin difficulty has been In creased by the decision of somo of tho com panies to restrict their accommodation for what, nro termed 'Immigrants.' Thcro Is, I understand, somo talk of a Government lino of steamers, and, upon my word, it (s about lime that something was done to improve tho position." In tho coursa of some general references to his trip. Mr. Murray said that ho had been surprised at tho small amount of production In homo part of England; that tho best farming he had seen was In Scotland, and In Midlothian In particular; and that, after a personal ncqunlntanco with dairying In Don- murk. he considered that the best of the Denmark dairy herds wero no better than those of Victoria, although tho Danish farm ers had a more elaborate system of feeding. "I came from England," ho said, "convinced that the great problem of that land is asso ciated with tho care and the development of the child. Unless the old country Is to run to seed, vigorous steps to cone with this prob lem are Imperative. I visited some of tho slum centres of London, and also >omc of tho Salvation Army's institutions, Tho fonder make one absolutely depressed. Tho crying need of the children is Jttet p'nln nourish ment, and nfter that sound education and physical culture. "Within the npxt ten years, 1 think, there will be a marked ndvanco In legislation aimed at the uplifting of tho masses." 