THE IERESPSENTATIVES The Speaker took the chair at 10.30. QUESTIONS. The -Minister of External Affairs (Mr. Thomas) informed Mr Sampson (Vie.) I that he had received no representations e from the High Commissioner in. relation r to the necessity for increased shipping ac- o comnitodation for immigrants. The Postmaster-General (Mr. Frazer), a In reply to Mr. Hedges (W.A.), said it t s-s true that he had received notice from p the Marconi Company that it intended to d protect its rights. 8 The Prime Minister (Mr. Fisher) in formed Mr. Page (Q.) that there was no political difficulty, though he could not say if there was any legal one, as regards I joint slhipping arrangement between South Africa and Australia. (Hear, hear.) Mr. RPoberts, on behalf of the Minister ef Defence, in reply to Mr. Maloney ,Vic.), said the Government would not -renew their aviation prize for Australian built machines, but £40,000 lad been placed on the estimates for the estaiblish ment of a school of instruction. The Minister of OCustoris (Mr. Tudor), in reply to Mr. Scullin (Vic.), said lie ,would have enqufries made showing the a price of space in London during the last three years for Australian, New Zealand, and Danish butter. The Minister of Home Affairs (AMr. d 'lMlalley), in reply to Sir John Forrest C ((W.A.), said no report was asked for or I seceived from the Chief Electoral Officer ) as to the working of the postal vote sys-. tem before the Electoral Bill was intro- e ,Luced. I THE STRAND SITE. The debate on the motion expressing t oipproval of the purchase of a site for Commonwealt:h offices in the Straend was resumed by Mr. Deakin (Vic.), who ad- r mitted that the site proposed was a good i. one. He felt the Commonwealth should s acquire a larger area, and, though the t price seemed heavy, it appeared no use t to try to beat down the London County I Council. It was evidently a case of take it or leave it. He hoped all. the ,tates would join the Commonwealth, and thought the structure proposed pwould be a fine advertisement. " t Sir John Forrest (W.A.) pointed out t itiat most of the great firms in England held their premises on lease. Even Enuada had only leased a building. He 'thought the £000,000 proposed to be spent by the Commonwealth could be bet ter laid out in developmental work in the Commonwealth. It was no good greeting a fine building unless they could completely utilise it. It would not be .1 suitable for the Commnonwealth's financial I or immigration work, and they did not avant sucii a building for advertising pur. poses. Be contended that the High t Commissioner lhad no power from the Go rernment to do anything but make nice speeches. lie was restricted in every 1 :way by the Government. He did. not think they were acting wisely in spending I h?I600,000 on the proposed building. Mr. L. Smith (Tas.) congratulated the Government on the proposal, and express ed thie opinion that the site would ad vance very greatly in value after it had t been acquired by the Commonwealth. He tvas of opinion the Government had select ed the best site, and were getting a splen. I did bargaui: He hoped there' would be no delay in closing with the offer. Mr. Atkinson (Tas.) supported the mo- I tion, and expressed the opinion' that the bliilding would prove of value to the whole of Australia. The motion was agreed to on the voices, < Subsequently the Vice-President moved eho adoption of a motion approving of the site for the Commonwealths offices in the Strand, London. The 'motion was carried on the voices. TARIFF AMENDMENT. The Tariff Amendment Bill was further considered in committee, Sir Robert Best (Vie.) admitted that ,the items would tend to rectify existing anomalies. They could quite understand the disappointment caused by the Go yermeucnt proposals in view of all they had heard of languishing industries. The measure might well have been introduced by a Freetrade Government, while they were only allowed three or four days for atiscusming it. Mr Catts (TN..W.)--Why, the manu facturers cannot supply their orders. Sir Robert Best said that showed they wanted more workmen, and should import ahem. They should not have the tariff thrown at them and be asked to blindly Accept it. Sir William Lynr was glad to see the present proposal as the first i sve in deal Ing with some of the anomalies. The JAinistry had done well, but be wanted to se.e the whole tariff dealt witih next ces ion. Sir John Quick (Vie.) said hh ~was sa jiisfied thnt it was impossible for any one man to be the sole judge of what was re. Ruired under tariT reform, but he felt %rateful to the Minister for even the small PJeasure ..i reform proposed. Bie regret- I ited. 1,'n er, that the 31ia.iter had ,ot !been able to submit a brosd, comprehen. rive proposal in conn-.tion with the tnriff. )i the 124 tariff s' anges proposed, onl. ~bout 31 were of vital importance, end ee Minister p'.ould have given reasons for Iee changcs. Ue thought there was a 0oOed dea! in the contention that the in creaedd importation was Isrgely due to the shortage of labour, and he thought they should secure the skiliod labour re- I quirAd. Mr. Fuller (N.S.W.) opposed any in creased duties. Mr. J. Cook (N.S.W.) thought the tariff was a quistion for a special board to consider. Hle ridiculed t.he arbmtcuts put forward by the protectionisLs, and point ed out, that in ,Jap.n, lwhere the lowest waLes I the world we're paid, it hc d: been found wnec.ssary io .se ithe duties 00 per cent. againust the l)roducts of the America, where the worlknuia were paid ten times higher wages. lie colndenm~ed the increael dlity o: fruit cases asa a blow against the t,iuitgrowers. ]'rogresse was eprted. SUPPL Y BILL. The Prinme u.inister moved a resolution for a supply of £d6i1,830. A bill was ;ti t.roduccd and pansed. [Left sitting.] . 