STATE NEWS. Just pi ¡or to the opening of the ordinary meeting of the Guildford Municipal Council last week something of a scene occurred, tho ' Mayor charging the Town Clerk with gi\ ¡tig catani information to the Press. The publication of the schedule of land to be resumed m Geraldton has given ribc to considerable discussion. Over 30 residences * are on the land resumed, and the tenants of these, in view of the scarcity of houses in Geraldton, arî somewhat uneasy. A Geraldton deputation waited on the. Dis- trict Superintendent of Railways and asked for improvements in shipping, receiving, and goldfields services. No definite replies were - forthcoming, and the Chamber of Commerce ptoposes to lay the various matters before the Commissioner of Railways. A conference between representatives of the local roads board and Mr. J. 'J'. Davies (representing the committees of the pro- posed mechanics' institute) was held at West Guildford last week for the pur- pose of consideiiug matters in connection with the suggested erection of a roads board > hall in the distnct. It is with regret that the news will go abroad that the committee have decided to clo«e the Dorcas Society, which may be call- ed the mother of the Perth charities. The old-age pensions and the work done by BO many useful organisations really fill the gap that the Dorcas Society has endeavoured for so many years past to bridge, as so many of the indigent can testify. Mr. A. McCallum, secretary of the Aus tialian Labour Federation, staled that it " was the intention .of the Party to contest every electorate at the forthcoming gen- eral elections. An adjourned meeting of tlic cenital ' branch of the Australian Women's "Na* lional League was held last week at Forrest Chambers for the purpose of receiving the secretary's report of last year's work and also to draft resolutions for amending the constitution prepara« tory to their submission to the forth« coming conference on June ß. It was expected that the long-standing., dispute between the Coastal Letterpress Ma- chinists' Industrial Union of Workers and William Detmold, Ltd., V. K. Joues, Porter and Salmon, and William Leainey would be brought nearer to a settlement when it came before the Arbitration Court last week, but a successful application for ad- journment has delayed the matter for a fort* night. Before Messrs. W. D. Bedlington and J. G. Clarey, J.'sP., in the Collie Poliee Court last week, W. H. Aubrey formerly Town Clerk of the Collie municipality, wa» charged with having on November 1 lost stolen £5 11s. 6d., the amount of a money order forwarded to him as clerk of the municipality in payment of íatcs. Tho charge was dismissed. The Federal referenda poll at Turkey Creek and Hall's Creek resulted as follows I \- Legislative powers: Yes, 21; No, 11, Monopolies : Yes, 26 ; No, 6. Stowed away in the holds of the R.M.S. Mooltan, which reached Fremantle on Mon- day, is the H.M.S. Commonwealth presenta- tion plate and shield, towards which the people of Australia as a whole contributed £1.150. At Monday's meeting of the Fiemantlo Council the health committee reported that the analyst's quarterly report had been re- ceived, and recommeuded that the attention of certain of the dairymen whose milk con- tained organic matter be called to tho necessity of exercising better precautions to keep their milk clean. The recommenda- tion of the committee was adopted. At the Perth Police Court, before MT. A. S. Doe, P.M., Harry Woods, a cliauf* fcur, was charged with having on May 10, in King's Park, driven a motor car in a manner dangerous to the public. A fino of JË3, including Costs, was imposed, or, ia default, one month's imprisonment. Before Mr. Registrar Moseley in the Registrars Room at the Supreme Court on Tuesday, Harold Colville Gordon, formerly proprietor of the Cafe Anglais, was publicly examined by the Official Receiver (Mr. Mt M. MOSB. v On Tuesday at a meeting of the Fremantle Trades Hall Association the secretary of tia! body (Mr. James Coen) initiated a discussion on the question of the establishment of §> naval base at Fremantle, and the mattes of having constructed and repaired locally", some of the smaller vessels of the prospectivo navy of the Commonwealth. A motion työ tJiat effect was carried. 3,738 cases of fruit, including 2,827 case« of apples of very choice order, and 861 casca of pears, were despatched from Fremantle by the R.M.S. Mooltan on Monday to eaten the Coronation market in London. - '* Mr. DartnenV camp and BtafE ba***B put in an appearanee to survey the addfr tional nine miles of railway from Dumble* I yung recently passed by Parliament. Speaking at Monday night's meeting of ?he Fremantle Council, the Mayor (Mr. W. A. Murphy) said that umbrage had been taken by the Trustee, Executor, and Agency Company to some reniaiks of his in conncc " ?lion with HighauTs Buildings in Market eireet, which he thought should be con- demned. The announcement that Mr. W. H. Cooper, of Port Hedland, would oppose Mr. Underwood for the Pilharra seat, came as a surprise to the Marble Bar electors, ax they were not consulted in the matter. In the" Collie Police Court this week, before Messrs. Bedlingtou and Wells, J's.J?., John Rusaell, the licensee, of the Crown Hotel, was charged thai, on Sunday, the 7th hist., bein;? the holden of a publican's general licence he neglected to cause tile entrance to tb« bar-room of his premises to be kept closed and locked, contrary to sec- tion 99 of tho Licensing Act, 1911. The evidence for tho defence was that ihe bar door was only open for the purpose of per- mitting tho bar to be cleaned by the yard- man. Several lodgers carne downstairs at .the moment, but no drinks were served. .The charge was dismissed, no costs being allowed. An inquest concerning (he cause of death of Florance Adelaide Elakolar, who died "-"J the Kalgoorlie Government Hospital on Saturday morning last, was held befor«* Mr. P. Whelan, J.P., Acting Coroner, this week. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased carno to her death through -" cutting lier throat with a razor while tem- porarily insane Mr. Irvine, of the railway, construction branch of the Public Works Department, arrived, with a portion of his staff, for the purpose of laying down the Dumbleyung tine extension. His first work will be the excavation of a large tank of 20,000 yards for raibvay requirements in the future. This is tituated about eight miles out from the townsite. A largti number of Englishmen, with their families selected land in the Lake Grace aisa. The majority of them are very hopeful of being able to succeed. Many express themselves delighted with the climate and their luck on being able to secure farms so quickly and easily. They appear so far, to be a typo of settlers who should do well if they have a few favourable seasons,- as they belong principally to the agricultural class of the old country. The members of the Perth Caledonian So- ciety spent a very pleasant time at the Ljtorary Institute on Wednesday. Year by year the society grows in size, and with it grows that spirit of friendliness and good fellowship which does so much to bind to- gether the Scotch community in Perth. lu their amended schedule filed in the Arbitration Court the employees who are parties to tho present industrial dispute with the musicians asked for differential rates between mate and female cmploj'ecs. The rates suggested were .¿23 and £2. The R.M.S. Orontes and the s.s. Pakeha arrived at Fremantle this week with a total of ?11 immigrants. Robert Zimmerman, alias Louis 'Black, alias Kleiick, alias Louis Peghart, was arres- ted at Worsley on Monday ou charges ot gaol-breaking, uttering, aud stealing. At the monthly committee meeting of the Western Australian Auxiliary of the British and Foreigu Bible Society, it was stated that French, German, Spanish, Italian. Nor- wegian, Danish, Hebrew, Graek, and Swed- ish versions of the Bible* were hold iu stock in this State. The Rev. A. Taylor, M.A., general secretary of the Society, will arrive in- Western Australia from London early in July. The metropolitan council of the A.L.F. "views with alarm the action of the -Qoveru »neut in inducing immigrants to come to Western Australia with a guarantee of em- ployment when such employment is not available, and further disapproves" of the ? -payment of 14s. to agents for «very immi- grant they induce to come to the State." As th result of a fivo-da>b' membership campaign last week the Perth Y.M.C.A. raised its membership by 586, the total en- rôlement now being 1,141. 