MORE PRIVATE ENTERPRISE \- - IMMIGRATION. ! ;.-.??- ???- ?: .' .?: ? ' ? . . . .-.-. ( ]T-iT is;about.time Australia made up its -*1 :miind what is to be done with' the private-enterprise immigration agent.' One of. the breed who calls .himself a 'Count' seems .to be feeling the Victorian Govern ment's pulse: :.?:':??. .. -' '-'lrir; Denmark at the present time, .especially in Jutland,' said Count Spcn neck, .'' the eyes of would-be immigrants were being turned- .towards, Australia. The material was. at. hand,, arid he could guarantee to bring' out annually 300 Danish farmers of whom the.State would have reason to be proud.. For the first two years they would work as farm laborers, and then, with the capital they brought and their savings, they would take up land and work it.' ^ Really, where has Count Spenneck sprung from? If people would only take the trouble to read up Rider Haggard's just published book on 'Rural Denmark,' they would find that the Danish farmer is not compelled to come to Australia to get a bit of land. This aristocratic person says the land available for cultivation in Den mark is very limited. So is the popula laborers from Sweden and Poland every summer, and -sends them back every autumn. As for land available for culti vation, Rider Haggard tells us of a society that makes it its business to reclaim tho heaths and swamps, and has actually re claimed many- hundreds of thousands of acres and brought them under cultivation. Then any approved Danish subject, who has' a little money and wants to become what they' call a 'Houseman' or small holder, can borrow 90 per cent, of the price of any bit of land he fancies from the Government. If he does hot know enough to satisfy the authorities, he can go to a 'Houseman-school' and learn. Finally, when he has got his land, he finds co operative -societies who will buy all the supplies he wants at cost price, sell his produce for him- *to the best advantage, doctor his cattle, and generally take care of his interests. Where can a Danish farmer find anyone in Victoria to do all those things for him? The Government certainly will do none of them. It would be interesting to hear more of Count Spenneck, The President of -the Employers' Fedy* ration says there are so many strikes, and employers are harassed in so many directions, that, he really doesn't know what's going to happen. The future is dark and dreadful; soon everything will be so dear nobody will be able to buy any thing! This extreme pessimism is rather a reflection on the. alleged success of capi talistic individualism, is it not? # . * * -. The finest entertainment the public of Sydney has ever had is the spectacle o2 Speaker Willis up at Macquarie-street ruling the Liberal rowdies with a rod of iron. The star scene last Tuesday was the taming of the shrew — beg .pardon, we mean- Mr. Wood. The large dose of humble pie handed out to that gentleman afforded the. occupants of the. galleries ,---hu£'Q;- relish, if, it . neafj-: . choked . -tftg honorable member. 