is SUMMARY. im I. notified Adela By that the Duke of Con We soon" to Canada In September as Gov Lt-General. , .". London Chamber of Commerce has no Arata naval loan is necessary to secure efficiency of the navy. of >" will be a Coronation review at Spit whip the most powerful fleet ever got together it" is assembled. Members of the Canadian House of Commons is the entire House attending the King's Treaty Express" says that the Danish Am n s I Bpond 2.,009 000 on coastal CT a Wet from Germany, Women Jurors at Washington tried the case 'La Tour" who was defended by a woman "tierney and acquitted. t An agreement fixing the Franco-German Under has been signed. France acquires Ajuaro miles of territory. ,,,. i than was workers have struck. NnvU series 'of Furnaces- MUUary dlS 'perfect the strikers. The Portuguese railway strike has terminated. _ in Vienna last year 405 men and 162 women committed slide, in men and 392 women attempted suicide. The German steamer Maria Russ foundered orderly Island, and 12 people were iron ned. S The report of the Union Bank of Austral a J the half-year ended shows that deposits amounted to £21.HO,290 cash, 'i Mr Dehaitlllan carried passengers in steady (as on an aeroplane from Farnborough to »FaffaDî's Plain. ?' An agreement by the United States Canada and New Zealand has been reached in the story disputes. \- It is understood that the critical stage in He reciprocity negotiations between Canada and the U.S A. has passed. The report of a judicial Inquiry states that 8 conditions in Winnipeg are a pest menace to morals. Efforts are being made to organise a ill - Esk expedition for Mexico from ax S AtrlraT campaigners In Canadian 4 The schooner Emma has arrived Attolico irritant Iti captain It is believed that the captain was murdered. A virulent type of pneumonic Plague is now in Manchuria Almost 100 per cent of those infected die. I. An American syndicate is said to be hard worked Sydney on a scheme to corner Aus tralian most, i Reliable Information goes to show that the ^ÄÄirbee^l^^s^ Trade conditions. I The opinion is held that if the Federal Arbitration Court will not act a general sink. will occur. The Australasian Association for The Advancement of Science concluded its thirteenth session on Saturday. A resolution was passed voting £1000 from the funds of the association to the Mawson Antarctic Expedition. W. Longworth on Saturday defeated oom Beaurepaire and Healy In the 1320 yards Australasian ¡rwlmiirtng championship. The winner broke the world's record. Healy , beat Beaurepaire In the same race by about couple of yards. The 100 yards championship was won by S. Solomons, who beat Healy by a touch. The Royal Commission on Um financial rc sections of Tasmania and the Commonwealth will meet at Hobart on February 1. Pearlers' applications for permits to indent or re-engage Asiatics will only be considered up to January 1, 1943. It is understood that I'apuan indented labour will cease to be permitted on termination at present agreements. 1 It has been decided to secure the services of a district nurse for Jindabyne and surrounding parts. The Commonwealth Government has entered for several large contracts for the supply of blankets to the defence forces. I The Auckland Chamber of Commerce has passed a resolution deprecating the removal of the office of High Commissioner to Sydney. The employees of the Government steam tramways at Broken Hill have been notified that they are to receive an increase in wages. The first rails rolled in Australia were successfully put through the 27th section mill at the UOigow ironworks on Friday. r Mr. Marks is shipping Culwulla II. back to Sydney, and will take no further part in the Caves in Victoria. The employees of the Broken Hill Proprie- salary Company at Port Pirie have agreed to the offer of the company. A Further light to heavy rains have been recorded in the south-east quadrant and on the north coast. The Hawkesbury River was 27ft over sum Jacr level at Windsor at 3 o'clock on Friday afternoon. J Much damage to crops Is reporter!. Some exciting incidents took place in connection With rescues of cattle. I Severe losses are also reported in the Berry district, where the flood was the heaviest remembered by old residents. The correctness of the Admiralty charts in regard to the position of the Three Kings has been further challenged. The Minister for Defence says that the construction of the third Australian cruiser will be more costly from the second. 1 The Darling bush fire has practically taken possession, and is devastating the country without hindrance. ' In many instances the flames are leaping hundreds of feet. The fire fighters have given up hope. "Anything that this Government can do to protect the natives within Australia will be done." Mr. Fisher. The total cost of the second-class protected cruisers Melbourne and Sydney will be about £450,000 each. The Melbourne) coroner committed Percy Edward Fynch for trial on a charge of rain Hearing Archibald Victor Steane. Nearly five hundred immigrants arrived from England by the steamer Mamari on Saturday night. The week's mining operations closed on Saturday with want of vigour from a buy- ing point of view. Forecast. Still some showers on coast, and thunder in extreme north-east, (fine inland, southerly winds and cool generally. The Howard Smith collier Time went on to rocks on Friday night, seven miles north "I Blackport, S.A. There was no loss of fire. The total Week of the steamer is probable ii turnkey' secretary of the Australian Gas Light Company, states that conditions at the forks are again normal. After SOO tons of cargo had been lightered, the steamer Everton Grange was floated off kingscote sandspit, on Friday. A landslip recently occurred on the Taree Gloucester section of the North Coast railway, causing much inconvenience. The strike of smelters at the Sulphide Corporation Works, Cockle Creek, continues, and the works remain idle. John Burns, employed on the Dunedin has of our dredge, when climbing a derrick, seized some electric wires, and was electrocuted. Representatives of the surveyor's boards of Australia and New Zealand will meet at Hobart on Wednesday. For the past two months the World ngton Hospital has been without the services of a cook, as one could not be obtained. The last annual meeting of the Liberal Do ting Club was held on Friday. Mr. Wade was elected patron. The coal dispute at Whangaroa (New Zea VOl) has been settled. ?TC*8 Victorian Fruitgrowers'' Association has wanted to send 6000 cases of pears to JUwdaa ss. Jiwntr earner«*^_,_ 