¿ GREASE PAINT PATTER BURNT CORK CHRONICLES ¿ i W~»-?'?IB-I»-?-rar »"[Br-wi ii TI «T TH ? TI <m,m i TI<ii ? ?>IWIM^».II^I-H.I»«MII¿ ~ Mrs. H. E. Irving has a cheap-tooth lisp. Sunday Bios. v. Wowser. Odds on the S.B's. Vic. Newton does ins own censoring of bios, a bit close to the bone. * A Perth elocutionist swims "better than he recites. He is not an Edgar ¡ Finlay. Irving Sayles is still making loud, cavern o os noises over East for some- thing like a . good salary. Albert Clark.' late "oí Queen's Hall, Perth, ls managing the . Tasmanian bio. enterprises of Spencer and Co. A brilliant skatist named "Ataos" is nightly supplementing the programme at' Vic's Pictures, Fremantle Town Hall, Brandon Cremer goes East and leaves his wonderfully .clever -and dainty daughterette behind him. ? She is drawing like a well-found flue. -Wlrei-walker Delina, the spry young balancer who more than astonished Palace Gardens audiences a year ago in . Perth, returns to the Fremantle Town Hall . « in "The Bells,"" "The Lyons ~Mall," and ;"Louls ,XI." H. B. Irving rwás the reincarnation of Irving pere." In' Tîani let" HB. was himself. Industrial Sims loom large at Spen- cer's this week, "A Casting Foundry" being a splendid example.. The effects are so natural that several fronf-stall érs leaned back ' to avoid the showers of sparks: ': ' ' 'Hold 'your breach and-.grip .your f chair tight while you view "Motor Boat Racing", at Queen's Hall ' If you can't "thereby ^sfeady' yourself,'' grip ; someone else's giri-T Yo ur own .will "pro- bably-be clutching another cove. ' The' managerial "Ño!" was a sad I blow to a band of. dead-heads who, be- cause invited, to an H. B- Irving recep- tion, imagined themselves privileged to occupy a cashless seat at the show. I .Manager Smith's refusal would have ! caused the Mawson Expedition to tura 'back. After, viewing the bio., battle between, the English and French forces '"before 'Calais,/ Professor Seguy, who: Is to sword-scrap Expert' Esmond, offered the latter ten on in the game. Es- mond waived the -handicap and de ¡ dined a start: '."'".' Going "over to the East .per steamer, some members of the Perth skating team played h el 1 -and- tommy with the'decks by cutting- roller capers all over the ship. Then the iron hand and I energetic boot of the bo'sun descended I on the " cheeky mob - and the rest was silence. In that otherwise -faithful film, "The , Mormone," screened at Queen's Hall to unbigamous applause,- the "American trains.entering 0tah" are'anything but the real thing. . They are. continental and non-corridor, having side-doors and other equipment unknown in Yan keeland. ' Answer to ''Greasepaint*': (1) Yes; Maggie Moore and Nellie Stewart have repeatedly -appeared together; both in panto, and comic opera (2) Yes; Maggie Moore and J. C. Williamson have appeared in Gilbert and Sulli- van Opera.- /At the old Melbourne Opera House they played in "Pirates of Penzance," she taking the role of I Ruth and he the Sergeant of Police. She has also many times played Ka tisha to Nellie Stewart's Yum Yum in "The Mikado." Maurice Costello, the curly darling pi the vast audiences that spontane- ously applaud when the name "Vita graph" appears on the screen, is seen this week at his top at the Shaftes- bury. The picture is "My Old Dutch," and playing in it is the wonderfully expressiverfaced, elderly actress who played Costello's mother in the dra- ma of ""His Mother." It is a beautiful story, and one that leaves hundreds of eyes moist at the conclusion. Dolly Nicholson, the once-pretty "AB." artiste, wbo used to receive a hundred or so love-letters per week, imploring her to marry the senders, is* now out of the game. Dolly. must , have amassed a colossal fortune, as ; she began with a very first motion picture drama co. and worked only for ; the best. Pretty Mary Fuller," her suc : cessor. and histrionically a finer ac- tress, is seen this week in the chief ? civic hall of the Port in an Edison ? film "At Jones' Ferry." Miss Gertie Mueller, the starriest of : Elocutionist Lennon's bunch, will be ; remembered by old Kalgoorliars as ? having been a bright and chirpy nipper ; long before she trotted into her teens. ; Writer, who used to hear her pipe Eng ; lish-German ditties to her pa's evil fame piano, didn't anticipate the gen < erous polish that Gertie has since at jtained. But you never can telL Melba Mn her young song nights was told by ra big Melbourne impresario that she had neither the voice nor the staying power necessary for a world-walloper. Herr Slapoffski, who held the baton at the H. B. Irving show, was a pet pupil of the late Arthur Sullivan, and Biso enjoyed the close friendship of W. S. Gilbert. Sunday after Sunday be met G. and S. walking out over the Hampstead Heath, music and libretto sheets in band, filling in some detail or seeking some consummation impos- sible indoors. Often when wrestling with an intricate piece of stage man- agement Gilbert would call over a dozen or so boys and girls, and after drilling them for a few moments would put them through the evolution he was trying to master. After a while the youngsters came to know the gifted pair, and the shillings per head they sprinkled upon their Sabbath lay-fig- ures, and it is on record that every child that had been instrumental in thus building up an opera got free stall tickets for one and more perfor- mances. * "The Eyons Mail" showed Irving-;at his best The alleged stage manager of the Y-A ,T.i- returns from America. He never i should have gone. The Jesters pray for three 'things. First, hot weather; secondly, a bio. slump; thirdly, more hot weather. Conductor Billy Hansen, of the Tic's Picture Co., is taking the rest-core up in the Kalamunda hills, vrts locum ten ens is W. Edwards, late of the Dan- dies. Irving did us one vast favor, even if he did bluff us with his criminology yarn. - He. told no gushing reporter that he intended returning to W.A. to settle on the land. »int c., caxDtxFooj). . 'Tm. still here,1 dear boy." Two items of news: "No less than four elocutionary recitals were held in Perth last, week." The other: "The superintendent of the Claremont Asylum anticipates a large influx of new patients during the ensuing summer." * : Herr Slapoffski. who conducted here with the H..B. Irving Co., is the most muscular musician in Australia. Once fought a fair go with champion Jem Smith, and can evict in disorder any- body of .orchestral musicians disputing his word. ' - The film of the Cup at Jim Brennan's Belmont Trot goes Elast to be printed. When it wanders back again there should be a wild rush by the hand- some bookies and Tattersalls Clubbers to see themselves in celluloid: More than one wai get a shock. The Olympia Pictures, Fremantle, last week got the.l>ulu Benstead craze and hired a young, lady to make tinny noises behind 'the screen. The title of the ditty was announced as "Love's Old Sweet -Song," . the - same being translated by the vigorous vocalist into "Larv's Ole Sweet-ér Sôrng." The Nordesk films, whose sign is a i Polar bear mounted on a world-globe, ? are moving -rapidly ahead in the bio. j line. It is a Danish firm, but though the photography is equal to the finest ] Pathe and the incident -is replete with I sensation, sudden blood and illicit smoodge, the acting is a trifle wooden. Also the actors are anything but a band of male beauties, though the women are fair to look upon and nice enough to nibble. I JACK TVLER ("Tile Klag of Os- borne Park") and a Sporting Scribe. Shafer and Heatherly, the interpola- tions at Shaftesbury Gardens, are clean and clever in all they do, and are to be awarded the wafer for their work. While not a dazzingly bril- liant . act, the twain are to be com- mended for their excellent clarity of speech and action, the mumble-jumble of some of these latter-day sketchrtsts recalling a motor bike running amok in a glass- house. Everyone owning- a. barn or stable in extra-large sizes, a disused bilhard roorm, or a wood-shed of ample capa- city is being besieged by biograph men in search of a home for their picture shows. Down at Nedlands a pushful picture man opened negotiations for the projection of flicks on the end in- ner wall of the swimming baths. When it came to a question of seating ac- commodation it waa foimd that the majority of the audience would have to be. in the water. Like the aviator j on the roof of the glass-ho-ase, it í^ll | through. Visit the "Ideal" at Town HalL' "Lady Mary*s ¿jove" at Queen's Hall^ is 'ot. Melrose Gardens open on Saturday, December S3. The Melba grand opera season «as - an all-round failure. ?"'.-';-??'à The little soubrette of the Jesters sadly in need of a wider repertoire. ' 'Arry Mann and Co. have 'booked^ seats for the week at the Shaftesbury! to witness "The Thumb Print" ' George Lawrence will incinerate añyjí person calling his new Fremantle &ier;<i Gardens the Dis-ap-pier Gardens, " A far greater calamity than amateur reciter in. Perth is the. teur pro., who thinly he can teach i&tji; art. Everybody's esteemed friend.' 'Ala Mayne, comes along to the new, Mfjijss rose Theatre to "manage the HicJt»ri=|J dian portion of the show. . The doyen of theatrical managers^s^ Alec Mayne, the everybodWr^vórJté*| who comes along to manage the-'Mwi| Melrose Theatre this week. ' .'; ' '« ¿^3 Cotterell opens his new Murra^s^ street Empire with a full liead 'o^^nná^ sleians, no 'less than ""IO having': -béëin^M engaged to follow the-harmomous beilf'i? of Condnctor T. G. Williams. -". r5Së*§ '-? . __0_' :?' ;-?;f$s^ -, There was little or no 'wanntttFfrejji to ne-color about either- Mr. or Mrs,; B. Irving's .acting. _ the faculty of >cpj$&|| lng over the footlights being ' absetjfc^l from all his plays bar hamlet"?''..'".?i^M . '-?-<>-.? -.TA;^ The Jesters don't jest enough. Henry-3 does his best, ont coming after ÔuthÇ/'i§ bert Bose, George Morgan, CiharlieS Lawrence, and eyen the too- rabustVl Gregory, he can't grip and draw. r " 5 The writer of the "Musical., and-SiraSÎâ matte Notes" in the *West Austeaiiantriä should be vastly proud of last. weeKfe^ work. Copied 'holus- bolus from T; the' V " 'Awklef is a par concerning; aôtaii'M one over, Bast. The Eloy is mlgntifer ,| than the gift - Vf-'- ' '-.- . -"Jííi-^í Last . Thursday at 2 p.m. ihey-rga;ys K a. trial run through of "331e' Specular *' tor's Wife" at Queen's Hallf'one!:j?á«y^ of which was warm enough to melt 'Äe';|» cold, icy whine, of a wowser, * BÄoS r,; it is allowed to stagger Perth lt -teas' - gene to Sydney to be sandpapered/v ^ With £50 .spent in Board of «eal& i; renovations you'll ocarceiy- rkn&W;~itfe..' : Palace when it reopens «ext ïrldayHj evening. . First-class bio. is to; be^.VB,,"./ 'the menu, up-to-date illustrated songs :< to be interpolated for the sake of ihuae ? who like a catchy chorus. ; . .... >Z- .' A fine lesson to the insanely-jealons is being spooled by Manager -Stuart . in the cool and spacious home of *>io. in Stirling-street in the ' comedyi ; "Jealous George." It is a-yell andria.'.' convulsion from title to imprint and on 'the first night caused one of the or- chestra to 'phone home in the interval- .' Taking the place, of tbe;gifted Mrs: Stuart, during the latter's illness, ls Mrs. Ernest Salter, nee Miss Florrie Ma union, the daughter of Mozart Manv nion, of Boulder. Mrs. S..' is a com- ; petent and ' genius-inspired smiter of the btack-and-whites, and fills, uve hia- tus created by the illness of the man- , ageress. , ? ' _¿ Dorothy Baird was a trine too ca- mel-like in her action in "Louis XL" to he agreeable. A walk -of her owñl is the long stride of the daughter-in law of the late Sir. Henry Irving. - It is something like genteel soccer, and ' also a trifle giidy and Oriental. We've. , seen nothing like; it since we- l theld a mixed-bather with sunburnt " -?: ara I hiing home for a late lunch. . -v The orchestra at Spencer's Theatre f Royal is now in good working order, and less resembles a riot in a china - shop than it did some time ago. The conductor has persevered amazingly with his raw and cooked materials, . and has evolved a compact little body .of instrumentalists whose "Miss Hook \- of Holland" last week was a feature ii j a fine show. ' _" This sheet suffered a severe shock last week when, on passing the-Ideal Picture placards, it read "Tontolim Re- turns to Life." On inquiry we learn that the said T. reported drowned or suffocated by some exasperated view- ers of bis -bio. work was on the bill in a film. At present there is a doubt as to his death, but this paper will gladly receive an assurance that he has corpsed. * The charm about the orchestra con- ducted by T. G. Williams at the Perth Town Hall is its adaptability, the mu- sic always being of a nature to suit the subject. At the Ideal Pictures youl! never hear a crazy cakewalk while a lover is expiring in the snows of the Sahara, nor will your sense of congruity bc assailed by a Chopin nocturne to aid the comic motor-car in its volcanic wluzzes. T. G. Williams sees thc picture put through once, makes notes, and then with a synopsis beside him completes his selections. The Customs and A Hen Immigration officials at Fremantle were evidently drowsy or drugged last week when they allowed a comic "Clarendon" film to sneak past them. This is the firm that allowed humorless louts to rush down English village streets pursued by clumsy policemen and male nurse-, girls, the chief joke of the -Clarendon comedians being to fan into every hole, ditch, and canal en route. The finale invariably shows a crowd with a large boy across its collective knee being belted on the bosom of its knicker- bockers for all ifs worth. Who pays for all the good celluloid wasted . by these non-humorous doha? 