DAIRY CO&TEEE;_ÍC!E. LABOUR DIFFICULTY. DEMANDS OF EiirLOXEES. The annual conference of the Co-operative Dairy Factory Managers' Association was continued yesterday at the Hotel Grand Central. Mr. J. P. Kenny (Scone) presided. The greater portion of the morning session was occupied in discussing the advisability of appointing representation to the Cold Storage and Ice Manufacturers' (Country) Board. The question of combating the claims of the Rural Workers' Union and the Cold Storage and Ice Employees' Union of New South Wales was ventilated at great length. Mr. C. E. D. Meares (Coastal Farmers Co-operative Society) outlined the demands of the two unions, and said that the employees had been organised for two years, and it be- hoved the factory managers and directors to look to their interests. Mr. J. A. Simpson '(Sandown Freezing Works), representing the employers on the Cold Storage and Ice Manufacturers' (Country) Wages Board, said that the matter of representation on the board had been under consideration for some time. At a preliminary meeting, held a few months ago, representatives attended from the country butter factories, but since that date very little interest had apparently been taken in the matter by the managers. He did not know if this was due to the majority of the managers being unaware of what was going on, but at the meeting. It was pointed out that a representa- tive should be nominated to the board. It was, however, ultimately decided by Judge Heydon that the constitution of the board should consist of a chairman and one representative on each side. The result was that Mr. Hubert O'Reilly, barrister-at-law, was appointed chairman, Mr. W. J. Stretch employees' representative, and himself as employers' representative. During the discussion that followed, it was stated that the reason the butter factories were not represented as a body was because it was not thought that the demands of the union would apply to the country factories. Mr. George Searl (Dungog) said that in view of the fact that the association had lost its chance of getting representation on the board, the best thing to do was to ask Mr. Simpson to represent their interests, and give him all the necessary information. Mr. J. Searl (Singleton): Ignorance In the matter might not be regarded as a legitimate plea. Mr. Simpson said it was urgent that some action should be taken. The rate of wages I demanded by the union was £2 a week for a yard hand, £2 2s for an outside hand, and £2 Ss for an inside employee in the freezing works. If the work was made interchange- able the highest wage would have to be paid that the employee was entitled to under the award. The factories had heard about the matter in an indirect manner, and probably that was the reason why no action had yet been taken. Mr. White (Denham): Under which union will we come? Mr. Simpson: The line of demarcation is not very finely drawn in the unions, and which body will be the stronger I do not know. It is really a question of finance with them. Employers should map out a certain course of action, and witnesses could be called to prescribed centres, or they could, perhaps, arrange to come to Sydney. It is necessary that you should have somebody to watch the case. You cannot take a too serious view of the situation, because you are fighting a well organized body of men. Mr. C. E. D. Meares: Two things are wanted; one is money and the other local representation. Mr. White: We should appoint a representative and a sub-committee to show why we should be exempt from the cold storage award. I think if the matter was put clearly before the President of the Court he would see his way to make some arrangement to meet our case. I move that Mr. Simpson be appointed our representative on the metropolitan board, and that we also secure the assistance of a lawyer. Mr. George Searl seconded, and the motion was carried. It was decided to give Mr. Simp- son every assistance and ask for representa- tion on the board. A sub-committee was appointed to deal with the matter, and the State was divided into districts to more effectively cater for the whole of the interests of the industry. The sub-committee was as follows: Messrs John Searl (Hunter River). CR D Meares (South Coast), A. E. Sweaney (north-western dis- trict), A. O Smith (New England) E East (southern). Mr. J. Howard (western), and Mr. J. Evans (North Coast). It was dear [dad to levy a subscription of £3 3s per member. TROUBLES OF THE FARMER. Mr. H. Colley (Jamberoo) dealt with what he termed the Activities and aggressiveness of Labour," which, he said, had brought about" an acute state of affairs. Whatever the effects of the movement might be on the dairy farmer, it must have a reflex on the staff of a factory. The outcome was that it was necessary to form a ""son of farmers to protect their interests. This was forced upon them. It was not a matter of choice, but the most feasible method of resisting the aggression. The farmer had quite enough difficulties to face without the position being accentuated by labour faddists-he used the word "faddist" advisedly, recognising that all labour had its worth, and that the man who toiled was worthy of consideration. But to demand for one class of workers-as Labour Iwas doing-a set of conditions and a rate of remuneration that the industry manifestly could not bear showed a grasping and domineering nature that must eventually defeat its own ends As a matter of fact, the trouble arose more from the originating of agitators than a genuine discontent at the conditions of those who were drawn into the movement. When this is so," demanded Mr. Colley, "are farmers to sit down quietly and allow these demands to come into force by the simple fault of non-resistance' I very much misjudge farmers if this is so; if they are going to allow themselves to be trampled underfoot and out of existence What is the effect already? Labour is fully aware that dairymen are under supplied with help, and, instead of welcoming any efforts in the direction of immigration, they denounce it, and demand higher pay ' Their cry Is eight hours work, -eight hours' sleep, eight hours' recreation and ei' t both day." And the eight hours' work at that is only half-hearted vastly different from what a navy does with a ganger over him. [ "What is the remedy A liberal immigra- tion policy, whereby. Instead of a few hundreds of people being landed each month, they will come in thousands to New South Wales; and the country can absorb them as It wants population. One of the objects of a Farmers' Union must be to give voice and influence to a movement to bring about a large influx of Immigrants Another remedy, or alleviation of the acute position, is to be found In the installation of every possible mechanical labour-saving appliance. I trust the members of this conference will study their in Interests and advocate a union for farmer There is ample evidence that the union will be a very large thing, spread all over the State, wherever dairymen are found to be sufficiently alive to see the advantages to be gained by concerted action." DAIRY EDUCATION. Mr. M. A. O'Callaghan, dairy expert, gave an address on education In the industry. They would all realise, said Mr. O'Callaghan, that without education they could not get knowledge. This applied to the dairying industry just as much as in other walk- of life. There were people in Australia 30 years ago who then held that further knowledge of the industry was not required; and; to-day some people held the same opinion. If such opinions had been allowed to dominate, where would the industry be to-day? . Education had done much for dairying in New South Wales, but there was plenty of room for improvement It was necessary that the highest standard of perfection should be attained. The two countries that had made the greatest progress in dairying were Ire- land and Denmark. At one time Ireland was the only country that exported butter. Great attention was given to education even 50 years ago, when there were several schools in existence. It was not so very long ago that Denmark knew nothing about dairying; but they soon put their house In-order. The Danes sent representatives to Ireland to learn. This was about 23 or 24 years ago. The result was that they now, did an enormous export trade. These two countries now stood foremost in co-operative organisation in the world Ireland had fallen back; but still the fact remained that it was in the forefront. New South Wales was making fine progress, but not in all branches of the agricultural industry, while seamen- mark and Ireland the progress had been made consistently in all departments. The Danish co- operative societies had made great strides. They had not less than 1157 co- operative dairies, with 157,000 members; 31'bacon-cur- ing establishments, with 95,000 memBers; 15 agricultural requirements societies, with 70,000 members; 1260 cattle-breeding associations, with 31,300, members; and 253 herd-testing associations, with 12,000 members. It should be the ambition of factory managers to place themselves in a position to supply Information to suppliers. In the principal cities of Australia there were plenty of mining schools, but very few for dairymen. The question naturally arose, Are we making the progress that we should in this industry? Why was the butter of one factory superior to that of another? Was it not due to the greater knowledge of the manager, all other things being equal? The farmer supplying Inferior cream might be doing his best, according to the extent of his knowledge. The products of the dairy were liable to great change, and consequently the farmer should have sufficient knowledge to be able to cope with the conditions and prevent the cream being unnecessarily damaged. He thought that one really efficient school would be ample for the whole of the Commonwealth. A curriculum extend- ing over two years was not, in his opinion, sufficient. He thought that three years should be the minimum, of which one year should he spent in an up-to-date commercial factory, prior to the final examination being passed. Mr. P. A. Scarr (Raymond Terrace) asked if bacterial faults in the butters recently submitted for examination at the competition would not have been improved if pasteurisation had been used. Mr. O'Callaghan: There is no question about that it the cream had been pasteurised at an early stage. e Mr. Scarr: Is there any evidence from the statistics at your disposal that the quantity of second-class butter has decreased.' Mr. O'Callaghan: This year's statistics are not yet up to date. Last year there was a decrease. The quantity of good butter made this year will be much larger than in the previous year. Mr. J. T. Hammond (Tamworth): It appears that the infection of cream taken p.wQ from the air after it has been separated Mr. O'Callaghan: I think that the greatest source of infection is before the milk is separated. The following. were elected office-bearers for the ensuing year:-President, Mr. J. Searl (Singleton); vice-presidents, Messrs. J C, Graham (Albion Park), and Mr. H. McVeigh (Bega); secretary and treasurer, Mr. A. E. Sweaney; committee, Messrs. George Searl (Dungog). J. P. Kenny (Scone), J. S. Vinden (Bowthorne), E. F. East (Argyle), J. Simes (Kyogle), P. A. Scarr (Raymond Terrace), and F Dunlop (Ulmarra); auditors, Messrs. Priestly, Larcombe, and Morris. FEDERATION SUGGESTED ' Mr. Lane (N.Z.) referred to the labour conditions in New Zealand, and pointed out that a small advisory committee was appointed by each district, whose business was to advise the secretary of the Employers' Association what to put before the Arbitration Court. That system had been found to work very satisfactorily. He suggested that the association should inaugurate a system of winter shows, which, in his opinion, would be a great success. Mr. Fenton, M.P., hoped that the association would agree on some basis of federation. . He was sure it would result in great benefit to the industry I Mr. Lang said that Use milking machine I had come to stay. When properly handled the machine gave better results than the ordinary run of hand-milking. Mr. Wilson (Vic.) said that experiments had been carried out in his district with the machines, and the results showed that there was little difference in the effects between hand milking and the machines when the machines were handled by men. with brains. Mr. A. E. Sweaney moved,-"That the members of this conference consider and discuss the present method of fixing the price of butter on the local market." He said that the matter concerned them all. Mr. Lawler seconded the motion. The chairman did not think that any two co-operative societies should be allowed to fix the market price of butter. The smaller factories in the State should have representatives on the council when such an important matter was under consideration. Mr. M'Neigh said that the question was one that should be considered by the directors, and therefore they should be very careful what they did. Mr. Fredericks also held the view that the question was outside the scope of dairy managers,' and said they all knew that the city agents fixed the prices. A voice: And we take what they give us. Mr. Blanchfield said he did not think that was any place to grind an axe. Mr. Young was of opinion that the price had been well managed by the Sydney agents, and he did not see any necessity for making an alteration. Mr. Sweeney said he only brought the motion forward to give the conference an opportunity of stating whether it desired an alteration in the present method. Personally he was quite satisfied with the way the business was managed. The chairman said that the Berrima Company had asked several times to be allowed to sit on the board, but their request had been refused He did not see any legitimate reason why they should not have a voice in the matter. The motion was negatived. 