JMMJ^ATmt DANISH FAHMERS WISH TO CQ&IE; ' ??- OUT. ' ' Melbourne, August 13. \- Count Carl Waldemar Sponneck is ai present oh a visit- to Victoria to .find out what encouragement there £ for agricultu rists from Denmark to settle in the State. The visitor, in an. interview on Saturday, said the -amount of land available for culti vation in Denmark was. very limited, and the system of peasant proprietorship pre vailing tended to make it increasingly diffi cult for young farmers to secure holdings. They were ambitious, virile, and strong, but somewhat conservative and bitter when they had been victimised. The Danish Minister cf Agriculture had had to step in lo stop tiie exploitation 01 me people dv American and Canadian private companies, who, by glowing promises of free land and homesteads, coupled with flamboyant _ misrepresentations, had inveigled thousands of Scandinavians across the Atlantic. In the majority of instances the -emigrants had been bled of fees and generally fleeced. Then they had been left stranded to battle for an existence among people whose lan guage they did not understand. The Danish Government had no objection to emigration as siu-h, but the Ministry took a sufficiently paternal interest in the farming, commu nity to prevent their exploitation. \ Count Sponneck could not speak too severely of the vay some of his country men had been treated in the new world. In Denmark r.c the present time especially in Jutland, he said, the eyes of would-be emigrants were being turned towards Aus tralia. The material was at hand, and lie could guarantee to bring out annually 300 Danish farmers, of whom'^he State would have reason to be proud. For the first two years they would work as farm laborers, and thnn, with the capital they brought ?with them, plus their savings, they' would take up land and work it. The people he proposed to brine out understood beetroot cultivation and the processes of conversion into sugar. But dairying, poultry, and general farming would provide avenues for Danish enterprise. Count Sponneck added that he had laid a proposition before Mr. H. O. Allen fchiei immigration officer), who had promised to submit it to Mr. Graham (Minister of. Ag riculture). Briefly, it was that he be com missioned to set out for Copenhagen an nually and to spend one month in Den mark', Norway, and Sweden respectively. Hr proposed to accompany each batch of immigrants and supervise them after their arrival here until they were all placed in situations. The men would follow from Scandinavia, for they knew him. and also that anything he lent his name to woulrt be bona fide. He did not desire to work as an aerent, but as the representative of the Victorian Government, furnished with full credentials, bearing the impress of the Government. The cost, he concluded, would be extremely moderate. 