NEWS OF THE WORLD. It taJi'es about three seconds for 9 ' 11 so from one end of tilt Atlaiuj.; cable w tiie other. The lawn at Buck\n»h:im Palace il large enough to allow ample room fo! over 20H0 men to manoeuvre. It is one ol' the pretogatives of tli€ Kins to proclaim war against, ans foreign country at itis personal pleasure. ; The average death rate tliroughoui the world is 07 a minute. Tlie average number of 'births during tlie same time is 70. The black sc2rf whicl British sailors wv-ar uniler their broad collars stands ' lor a £igu of mourning for Lord Nel- Tlie interior passages of the Egyptian pyramids are to be illuminated w-tli electricity for the 'benefit of visitors ant] tourists. It is claimed that the Ordnance department of the XJniteu States navy has perfected a gun w-ith an elevation of sr. degrees, which will reducfe the use- . fulness of aeroplanes for purposes of war to a minimum. It is proposed to distribute aeroplane ptins to battleships, arid in the meantime the men to operate the same are receiving special tuition. Tlio ArpeMine battleship Rivadavia, which is belHietl to bt* I'ne largest in . the world, xtux laniu- hod six weeks aj-'o. iier length is •"•'"f'., and her dis- ! placement when completed will be j 2.j.IJOO Hilts. She is the first foreign j warship to be built in American sMp- , yards for year?. i For tlie benefit of the thousands of ''Roman Catholic hup-p!cl<ers from East and South London, a number of Franciscan friars and nuns have gone down , to the Kentish hop fields, and tents to serve as temporary chapels are to , be set up at the different centres. Displeased with Ihe quality of a lieefsteal: served to him in a Urooklvn restatirant, ail irate New Yorker drewhis revolver and sent jt bullet through, it. When, however, he started to make n target of a -beefsteak at the next • table, and also shot an inoffensive pork chop three tables away, the pulice Interfered and the mail was arrested. An interesting problem of race is raised by the discovery of Vllhjroar StefansEon, the leader of the American Museum's scientific expedition for tlie Arctic Coast of British Columbia, of a race of Arctic men who arc not Eskimos. but arc European in type. The possibility is that they are the descendants of some of Franklin's men. Respecting the lax of Id. per head hv the Isle of Man Harbor Comimssioners on passenKers embarking and disembarking at Manx ports, a return has been issued showing that during May; • .Tune, and July last visitors to Douglas numbered -oTi.'SG, which is a record. The increase over arrivals In the corresponding period of last year is nearly - 21.000. The way will he led for a new era In British ocean transit with the completion in a few weeks, at Whiteincli, . near Glasgow,, of the 5000-ton oil-en- Kined liner for'the Danish ISast A&iatic; Company. Copenhagen. It Is notv exported that the vessel will be running demonstration trials on the Clyde before ihe end or Ihe year. She is to have a speed of 12 knots, and it Is believed that 100 tons f oil will take her as far as would 300 tons of coal. According to an official relurn, tha number of persons killed by wild animals in India in 19lti wafl 2300. The total number of wild animals destroyed during Ihe year was 1D.2S2, including 1421 tigers, r.29 leopards. 2292 bears. 1" 14 wolves, and 414 hyenas. The of snakes killed was 01,104. usual, a large sum was paid by way reward to the destroyers. n'idence beinp produced that he have immediate work iu Australia. a sturdy-looking Russian Zimmerman was on Tuesday admitted by tlii. Allen Immigration Asked why he deserted from Russian army after eisht days' service. Zimmerman replied without a *'l am a lailor. and they gave a great big horse. Jt looked and frightened me." Mail advices from the Congo confirm fsays Neuter) the report tliat two of the caravan of Mr, If. G, the British Consul at Bom? killed and eaten during a recen It appears that while crossini the main Congo to the Lopoi one of .Mr. MacUie's carriers b< me ill and another titan was instructs to assist him. The pair lagged behind. and were cut off from the main aravnn by a party of cannibal hunters the district through which the Consul had passed. Two expeditions have been sent and some made, but the real culprits, it added, are still in hiding. An examination of a collection of old in Maidstone Museum has led to discovery of an hitherto unknown pencil portrait of Napoleon' Bonaparte, sketched a few hours after death. The portrait is inscribed follows:—"Sketch of Bonaparte as laid out ou his Austerlitz camp bed," taken l)y Captain" Marryatt, R.N., 14 hours after his decease, at the request of Sir Hudson Lowe.—May, 1821."' Captain Marryatt was the celebrated" novelist, who at the time of Napoleon's death was stationed at St. Helena in charge of the sloop Beaver. Mr. J. D. Rockefeller, the Standari Oil King, said reecntly that golf at 72 renewed his youth, and that he felt; tliat many pleasant years in Ills country home in the Poeantico Hills, near. New York, were reserved for hinu With the energy, resourcefulness, and interest of a young man. he has recently been planning to improve house, and he has j -- sanctioned remodelling. involving an expenditure of £200,000, and requiring two years for completion. With characteristic hustle the scaffolds are up, and Mr. and Mrs. Rockefeller for the next twc< years must worry along in another house on the estate, which, although^ small by comparison, is a princely) abode, and cost £ 100.000. The Japanese iea garden, imported from Tokio, and the beautiful marble Temple ot Love from Italy, and the other attraoi tlons of the Rockefeller e^t&te;, ar« preserved intact as before, - - T • 