servant women. WHAT MRS. BINGHAM ' SUGGESTS. PROSPECTING SWEDEN. NORWAY AND DENMARK. Mrs. Binghnib, matron of the Immigration ; Branch, who is taking a keen interest in the question of introducing more servant women to Victoria, says that she is confident that a". fair number of young women of the right stamn can be obtained at the wages ottered jh Victoria, from Sweden. Norway and Den mark. SI19 also thinks that certain of the provincial towns of England and centres in Scotland nd Ireland.- will.. contribute a good :;nuniber-.--ijE tlie faqt fllijit girls are wanted was sufficiently advertised. With regard to Scandanavians, Mrs- Bing ham states that she does not regard the language question as n difficulty. She hod been informed by some recent arrivals that English is being taught in the Danish- schools as part of the curriculum. Wages in Denmark are also vet?- low for servant \vo- meu's work. hampsgn-pathe pictures. AT THE TOWN IIALL. Tho new llampson-Pathe Pictures, wnich are shown a(, the Town. Tlall, gain in public favor each night. The films are good and; the machine is excellent. A. miist interes(- ihg nature study "is -'flint' of the figlit be tween tlii- scorpion and. the mousct in wnich the former wins after a desperate 'encounter. "Pathe's Gazette' i-i always bright and en tertaining, though the man who "took" flic pictures luis a -tiresome habit, o.f, shutting off the view as ah aeroplane ' is about' 'to' fly. and prolonging the ti flit, of less interest ing things. This can be pardoned, how ever, for no. man knowot-li the full strength -.f the camera man's trials, nbu ot 1111- portinacity with which ho ov-ercomcs numv obf tncles. ''TRc Golden Rose" is a panto mime conceived with 'tlie delicate touch of the, Gallic genius Many good dramas and amusing comic films nro in the progiumiiie. There will be a nqyel'ty to-night.; During the-. .-interval; a song by file world fanved tenor, Signbr Caruso, from "Travatore" (Verdi) will be given, also a «olo. by. Madame Melba. "Tosti's Good-bye." The songs by tlie world's greatest artists .are - produced with the. newest instruments, and they come as a welcome revelation after listening to the metallic harshness of the old style gnwii.iimoiie. JL'J-Jiignt, s Dertri-ma nee wni be in conjunction, with, tho. Federal Drum and Fiffc vBahd. ' The pictures . will changed on Wed nesday night. . 