ti City Water Supply.-1o-morrow tie b water pressure will be 'lowered. between the hours of 1 p.m. and 5 pan., and house holders are warned that the supply may t be interfered with. Acciedent to a Quarryua-.-An em- t ployee of the corporation, named Her- o ,bert, eugaged at the stone quarry, met , bltbh a painful accident yesterday morl- c ing. lie was struck with great force n oil the left fore-arm by a spall of stone, si which inflicted a. deep gash, necessitating a medical attention. e Trinity College.-Th6 entries for the v theory examination, to be held in June, S closed with the local secretary (Mr. 11. C J. Rushfirth) on Saturday. Eighty-one I candidates entered, which is a large il. crease on all olher years. This again f dcmonostraeteo the confidence and popu- t larity that this college enjoys. a l)ramatic Attraction. - Wilims~on, o .ineri?ed, Ilave arrange-d to F.ed the America? star aetares SLiss Kattherune Grey, now touring New Zealand, to T-e- c mania. The pieces for the Tasn?maian trip, which include ]]Hobart and Laun oeston, will be "The Lion and the Mouse," "The Third Degree," and "Truth." The Isunoeston season will open on Friday, April 7. Band Concert-As was anticipated after the close and muggy conditions of yesterday, the weather broke in the evening with a severe thunderstorm, ac companied by rain. In consequence the concert which was to have been held at the Cliff Grounds by the City Band had to be abandoned. It was also postponed last Monday, ovring to similar causes. The band, as usual, indulged in an even ing's aractice. Naturalisatio.--Figures furnished by the Department of External Affairs show that in the month of February 185 per sons became nataLurised citizens of tihe Commonwesalti, 167 being men and 18 being women. Their nationalities were: -Getrman, (-i; Swedish, 17; Italia? , 15; Russian, 14; North American, 11; iDanish, 10; Greek, 0; French, 8; Aus trian, 7; Norwegian, 7; Spanish, 3; Dutch, 1; Swiss 1. The new citizens are divided amongst 'the states as follown: ?ew South \Vales, 55; Victoria, 41; Queensland, 26; South Australia, 24;, Wecst Australia, 15; Tasmania, 6. A total' of 288 prsons h.vo been natursais d since the beginning of the year. The Power Problem.-lThe city council met yesterday, and so did the committee of the whole, but the power problem. was not touched at either. The position is still as stated in Saturday's "Examiner," and further developments depenid upon Mr. Reid Bell, or rather .upon the Minis ter of Lands, upon whose . sanction for Mr. Bell to report the council is now waiting. Mr. Bell has been visiting the E?st Coast, the Minister has been tour ing in the West, and consequently the requisite approval has not yet been ob tained . This explains why the aldermen did nothing yesterday. They have asked Ear Mr. Bell to investigate tile problem of how best to develop the utmost capac ity of their electrical plant, and they do not anticipate thlat any Ministerial ob jection will be raised. It is understood that it is the intention of the Govern ment to retain Mr. Bell's services at tlhe conclusion of his present euagement, so that to treat the council's request as a matter of urgency will not in any way prejudice other parts of Tasmania which may be making a claim for similar at tention. Voting by Ballot.-The city council yesterday went through the annual farce of electing a representative on the Fire Brigade Board by ballot. The ballot pre scribed by the regutlations consists in each aldermanu writing out the name of the candidate for whom he wishes to vote, and signing it. The only detail re sembling a ballot was that a ballot box was used. Scrutineers were formally appointed-Aldermen Gee and Hlart. The box was solemnly exhibited to the Mayor as empty, tand locked The signed papers lraving been deposited in 'it, the scrutin cers gravely retired to another room to make the count. Presently one of them returned. They had gone without the key of the box. A few minutes more and the pair rejoined their aldermanic comrades, whereupon Mr. -tart announc ed the result:-Oldham, 7.; Hart, 1; Sadl ler, 1. The MLayor then mtade the formal declaration. "' declare ma self duly elected," said his Worshtip, "which is in just accord with the ballot." If over there were a comic opera ballot this is it. Police Coaurt-A variety of cases oc ciaedl the attnation of JMr. B. -L IHall, t P.M., at the Police Court yesterday amorning. scear Wilson for drunken ness was linedal s, but i- the case of allard O'Doamnell, wlhose rea.ppearnaee it was within a omparatively brief pe riod. i2s 6d weva added to bhaet amoullt. O'Donnell was also culled upon to an s-wkr a charge of Lavisng obtainieul liquor dluring the currency of a prohibition order, and the penalty inposed was £1, with t?ie alternative of 14 dcays' impri oonment. Sylvester Leslie, jun., and Josepl Dickson claimred from Geoar Smith eaountia of £2 10s eJd £2 re spectively, J?ages due. Defendant ac -anowledgIgad his liability, aod by con sent orders were made for 1t pay meat of the money on Saturdayy week. SMr. . RtichiCe appeared for complain ante, and in cth c~se 1ls Gd counsel fee wasa llowed. The court, costs in cach instance totalled bs Gd, and the d amou?is are to be Lvied by distress, d in default three weoles' iuLprs?omen t. Jane Daw3son proceeded against Jois DeLr)nion on an information sleging "wilful damage to promises let to bim, and the property of complainamnt. Tere e wasn no ~aT~ppra-nc of defendaet, eid'cite cane 'tans hseaurdt cx pie-r Plaintiff stat ed t?at IDennison had Iroken aix pane' n of glass and two door pnels, doing d damaego to the extent of 23s. The a Police Magistrate imposed a fine of £2, I with Os ontret coete, Atnd ordered eaompen lntion for the full amount of demnage. \'ill the \Viuter .Le Dry.---lMesars. to Imendy Leary and Co., of Geclong, recently so wr.ote to .Mr. liuit, tJe Coinmlouwealth a kMetorodogist, asking ilm if a dry win- pe ter were likely to follow upon the wet 1U soillnuer I hat 'ias been experienced. Mr. " Illnt. has rplied .as follows:-"You en. d quiry -.uggcdte.d all inter-ating little ill vestigation, viz.; tlhe relatiod between . t.e winter mad summer rainfails in your a district. I tlereiore hlad in aLinalysl , 0? iride of the 40 years' records for Geo long. Tlhe r'eults are negative; tl.;tt is, I. lind that sulimiliers welter than usual fr v,'.re . ,P d in f0 et cs by winter c drier thailn rirninl. and in 20 c Lses by winters wetter thnu normal. J. ; n afraid therefore that the summer lrail cannot be relied upon as giving anly cuie t to tihe probable conditions in the follow- t ing winter." . lummigration League.-A. meeting of v the coulnittee of the Immigration League vwas held at the Tourist luhreau last uight. The Mayor (Aldermanu VW. C. Uldham) presided. The altairs of tihe , league were discussed at sonm length, mnd the following resolution was passed -"That the members of the commnittee ' of the ILaunleston lummigiratiou League J: regret that the Govermnent has lnot yet i developed a vigorous and ellicient iummi gration policy, believing, as they do, that t( an influx of desirable settlers is one of V1 the state's most urgent needs. They i also desire to urge the Government to c take steps to appoint an immigration fi officer for the north, so that lie may as- S sist all bona fide intending settlers who o land in Launceston." The committee also B resolved to ask the Premier to receive n them in deputation in order that several i matters of importance might be placed a before him., b Tramway Coustructiou.-The corpora- P tion lhas things well in traiah for the ex- t tension of the tramnway system, and the g residents of Trevallyn may'look forward v to the line to that suburn being pushed t on practically as part of the original t scheme, though in all probability lthe corporation will do the work itself. Tie b necessary rails have been purchased. The o sleepers are being obtained, and arrange- v ments for the supply of the overhead ( equipment have also been made. A pri- t vate scheme for the continuation of the y Saundhil line on a, nairower gauge to c Carr Villa has been mooted, but will not T be entertained by the aldermen, who command the position by virtue of the fact that their act gives them the right li to build a tran line to that locality. In d a short time that extension will be made, c so that a 2ft. Gin, horse tram proposi- P tioll makes no appeal even as a tempor- 1 ary substitute. The Carr Villa exten sion will probably be the first the coun cil undertakes. iThe Midwifery Act.-A contravention of the Mlidwimey Act, 1901, wao respon sible for thie appeara- nce at tho Police Court yesterday morning of a middle aged Ivnman named 1itto Woods. It vwa ulleged that defendant, who conduncted a privziue hospital at No. 7 Elphlin-road, had practised witliout having registered? as required by a section of the act. She ple?ded guilty, but exphUined trhat a medical nm;i to whom she lhad gone for informeation licd aidvised her that c ano Ish wan a certiflca'ted' mrrse and fully qualified regist?.btion was not necessary, Superintenalent tledberg saiid. ,tlat his at. tcntion had been attracted to ihde case by an advertisemeirt in the i ocal dailies offering a home .nd attention to a girl in trouble in return for services, a.d sublseq.ienyt enquiries had brought toligrht the facts on which the pros(cution was < based. The Police Magistrate said that I defeudart would have to shoulder the aesponasihility of ill-advice. There was i a law governing the matter, and it was the businaes of those who practised mid- 1 wifory to make themselves conversanrt with it. Defendant would ba flned .£1, -ith Ss costs, or t?ree weeks' imprison- < ment. 1 The Field Naturalists.-Members of the recently- formed Field Naturalists' Club attended at the Museum in fair numbers last night, when the syllabus item was a talk by Mr. II. H. Scott, on the subject "Some Tasmanian Timber Trees." The lecturer stated that his sub ject naturally fell into two sections, the first of whic-h dealt with the birth and upbringing of a tree, while the second dealt with the structure of the linished product-known commne'cially as "tim ber"-an item that would require a full evening to deal with, and accordingly would appear upon the syllabis? Luter on. Mr. Scott then proceeded to show how timber wsas slowly built up by the living protoplasm of the tree, and by means of roughly-drawn sketches illustrated the numerous woody tissues. These were traced througl various phases, and their relationship to the specific character of the wood pointed out. Later on, by means of eight large microscopes, prac tical illustrations of the histological structures depicted upon the board were shown, and many specimens of wood ex lnbited. Witl the foundation tlus laid the lecturer stated lie hoped to introduce to the members upon the occasion of his second lecture some practical notes upon the determination of T;asmanian timbers. Tl- ainwa.y Extension.-The St. Leonards council has under consideration an appli Sation fromi Mr. ,. Lambert Smith for permission to construct, equip, and run an electric trauway within the area of lihe municipality. ''ihe suggested route is from the &andhill; .eruminu of the Lanunccstou tira-mway service, now in the course of construction, near Melbourne street, along the main l ob-art- roead to the Carr Villa-rotud junction, and thence to the cometery. -Mr. Smith proposed, -should permission be granrted, to build the trram line as near to the (eastern side of the main i ril as possible, so U t];t very little of the roadway would Ibe encroacued poll. The luaximnnlll ra.te of speed of the ears would be limit ed to 12 miles an hour. lie recognised the fact that the Launccston tramns would convey a large number of persons Salong the lines as far as the terminus, and it was necessary therefore tlnat some provision should be mnade to cater for the trallic that was fast increasing in ha.lt suburban locality. He proposed to construct and equip a service that Swould meet an ever-increasing demand. SThe installation, he considered, would be p an incentive to hidlords in the district \- to subdivide their properties into build f ing areas, and would induce people to e erect suburban residences, thus materi >-ally increasing the ratable value of pro Spr-ty in thct neighbourhood. A copy of the letter h;s been secn to tile city cr ouncil, with a request for information a s ito whether it was intended to ex tend the tranewany system to Carr Villa, and, pending a delinite reply, final con sideration of tile letter hias been de forred. The Incouie Tax.-in a letter in yes \- terday's "Examiner" "More Light" raised i the contention tha; "Clause 3, sub-sec tion 2, of the Land Tiax and Income Tax I c. Act, 1 George V., 37, imposes 0 (inter alia) i. a tax "at the rate of one shilling for Ul every pound sterling of the taxable u amount Othereof (a person's income) whicel e is derived from property." There is no exemption nor any deduction mentioned. , It is true in subsequent sub-clauses (a) incomes under £100 and £80 respective ly are entirely exempt from taxation, but in both cases it is expressly provided ' that the income "was exclusively derivedl a from business," so that it appears to me, 0 however small a person's income may L be, if any part of it be "income from " property" lie will Iave to pay a tax at g "the rate of one- shilling for every pound" of such income; for, although it is provided further -in sulbclause b that '- certain deductions are to be made, these 0* deductions are only allowable "where \- the taxable amomnt of the income is wt.Jes ,a.-9iB I<SPA..- 1^ R C9fl~llt ^^W_ to follow that ill the case of le per son's income being lees uthan £50 and any part of it being "income fromn pro perly," le will be liable Lu pay oi the lull amount of inu net iumini, without any deduction wheatcver." Mr. liogg, the deputy eniunisioner, reads tLe act quite dillcreutly, anid holds that the same cx emptiuus apply to incoume fro property as to tohat ihitui busincss. lie bases his contention in proviso "b," bub-section 1, of sectiou 3:--"lrovide iurther that where the taxable amuouit of the income of any person I(not being a colmpany) roem all sources in any year is £80 or over," etc. Then follow the lednuctious. The Caledoniaun Societe.--X meeting of the coLuncil was held on Friday. oven ing last, when variouis mattars relating to the New Y'ear', sports gathering were Idealt with. It was decided to call to 'getiheic ai coinmittee of ladies witlh a view to lhold.ing a social on the last We"cdan?sa.y in ularch. T'Yho foilowi;ng ladies \ ere nominiated as a conunittee, ,with power to add to their stuuber: ledIIC nceU StLorror, _'1Ke?izie, Baxter, 'ikel, 8i -.ca loiomyLh and C'harkc. This committec will m.net at Mr. StBorer's, St. Johu-street, on Friday next. The pre sidhnt llr. Stoarrer) said that he had a pleasant duty to perform, which was to ask BMr. W.S. iktty to accept a milvsr-mounted wakLing stick, suitably inscribed, as a slight nemetnto of the cstmeni and respect in whlich he was held by the Council of the Cialedonia Society. It was imfortula,te for t?l society ?rat it was about to lose Mr. Batty's valuable assisance, and ift w-as regrettable that the state was also los ing a good citizen. At thle ssne time, Ur. Batty was a T'asmanian who had been selected to occupy an imporiasl position in one of the largest manuffac tories on the nuainhlatd, which must be gratifying .to evryone. MB. Batty, who was taken by siluprize, heartily1 t-aihcued the president and council for their thouightfulness and apprccnhtion of his services. Ble said it haul always been a labour of love as far as lie was coscernted, and that he would keep a very 'warn place in hids heart for the mlledonian Society and its members. At the i~vitation of the president the monm hers then ajaourned to Mr. Gladiman's Coffee Palace, vwhere light refre.shmnent were partatrke of. IExpanding Bangles in Enamel and Ster ling Silver.-We are showing the latest desalgns, perfect In pattern and daintily, coloured. You'll find the variety, delight ful, and the prices eminently reasonable. F. and W. Stewart, Watchmnakrs and Jewellers, 100 Charles-street, Launcestlon 'Phone 524.0 