GENERAL NEWS. Australia's universal training scheme is I not .without its difficulties in dealing with , the individual character .of its young man- ; hood, (says The United Service Gazette). The Australian youth is obviously more ; ■difficult to manage than the corresponding, young man of this country, because he not \ only inherits a touchy disposition, but had an anarchistic disregard of' constituted " authority, which, - coupled with rough ; humour and a ready tongue, make the work , of inculcating discipline somewhat 'difficult ! ■for the; individuals who are charged with j the duties of area officers. There is, how-; ever, an entire absence, of hooliganism and ; tainted socialism, and providing the right kind of officer is. obtained for the Aus tralian forces, there will be little difficulty | .after the first year or two. Australian ofli-1 cers with whom we have discussed this ■ question at considerable length, state that they fully expected and were prepared for the resistance to authority that; is being experienced, and they are emphatic in their • assertion's that' only their own methods somewhat different to.our own—will'suffice 1 to deal with wha t they describe as'the bad i form of a certain-section of their young' army. The circulation-of-scurrilous pamnh- ! lets to Intending immigrants- to Australia, ■ in which are set forth' the disabilities of j military service on arrival, is not considered worthy of notice; in' fact, surprise was ex pressed that the press of the Mother Conn- ; try gave any prominen'ce to the trash. Aus tralia" has taken up her destiny in earnest, and all that her sons 'ask is to be left alone for a few years to shape themselves for the altered conditions and responsibili •ties of their new life. We hope their wishes • will be respected. : j During the course of flic meeting of the Liberal Union at Hindmarsh on Friday Dec. 15, the subect of roll-stuffing was re ferred to by, an interjector. Rp. Joseph Cook, in reply, said that if roll-stuffing could be proved to have taken place in South Australia those responsible for it should he severely punished. There was no greater crime againBt democracy than to interfere in any way with the free and fair expression of the nation's will through the ballot box, and there should he no escape for the culprits, (Cheers.) ! In the .Assembly .oh Tuesday Mr. Smeaton referred -to the - action bf the Employers Federation with. reference to. supplies'; of lime.which, he said, "was re acting on builders and contractors in "and around Adelaide, with the result that. a "number Mf contraetsWere held up. 'Men -had bad to leave their employment, and some of them to depart to another State, ffie -asked' 'whether. t^F-r-emier -had 'taken ■ ■any steps in the matter, which was get ting- -more acute. The -Premier;" said he had made all . tfecies&iry; arrange ments lor 'lime 'to be burned and to be delivered in Mfcl hide, arid a depot would be fixed in Eight square. On a date to he advertised contractors who wanted lime • would be able to obtain .(supplies ist Eight square. •' . . - j The. Bill'to authorize tlie grant to" the Commonwealth of lands for the purpose of the Western Australian Railway was inter)-, dueed into the House of Assembly on Tues day. It states:—"This Act shall come into force on a date to be fixed by the 'Governor by proclamation. ' Buck proclamation shall not be made until .the condition mentioned in section S of the said Kalcoorlie to Port Augusta Bail way Act—namely, ".that an Act of the saicl. State of "Western Australia be passed consenting to legislation by the said Commonwealth with respect to the con struction of the portion of the said Tail way included in the State of Western Aus tralia or consenting to the construction of that portion of the'said railway by the said Commonwealth—has been fulfilled. Not withstanding nny Act or other law to Hie ■ contrary, it' shall be lawful for the Govern j nor to grant, to the satisfaction of the | Minister of State for Home Affairs of the : said Commonwealth, such portions of the Crown lands and lauds belonging to the Crown in the State of South Australia as in the ■ opinion of the said Minister, stated, in writing signed by him- and re ceived by the .Governor, are necessary for the purposes of the construction, main tenance, and working of the said railway. Any grant made by virtue of this Act shall be made to the said Commonwealth, or to such person as is nominated in that behalf by the said Minister: may he in fee simple or for such other estate or interest as is required by the said.Minister; may he Made either for such consideration as is agreed between the Governor and the said Minister 'or without any consideration, and either absolutely or upon such terms and conditions as are' agreed between the Go vernor and the said Minister; may be of the whole "of the land; or of the'surface thereof and any specified depth below the surface, or of the surface only, according to the" requirements of the said'Minister; and shall be -subject to all estates and interests of any persons, other than-the Crown or any persons 011 behalf of the Crown*, br ibe land, all which estates and interests the sa;d Commonwealth is hereby authorized 10 acquire under the Act of .the eaid Com monwealth entitled the 'Gauds Acquisition Act, 1906,' or any amendment thereof, or under any other Act which may be in force in that behalf." The Bill was passed. j I11 the Assembly on Tuesday afternoon Sir. Anstey called the attention of the Premier to the repljy given regarding^ the erection of. a small shelter shed at the* West Terrace Cemetery, in which the employes might hang their chats and have their lunch, which stated that gravediggers used the toclslied on wet days for their coats and : their dinner, and that there was also a shel- j terin the extension, and asked whether tlie Premier was aware that the toolsked re- ! ferred to was used for the purpose of stor- ! ing superphosphates, boneduM, arid sulphate ' of ammonia, and further, that the bodies ' of all stillborn children were, placed there before interment? That the place was con- , seguently offensive? That tlie shelter was referred. to . in the extension was enclosed on all sides' with, wirenetting, and whether it was the intention of ; he'Premier'to. .give ; instructions that something more suitable . shall be provided for the men. The Pre I mier replied Yes to all the questions, | A unique "establishment has been opened at Oodnadntta under the auspices of the Presbyterian .Church, It consists' -of a medical hostel, in which any sufferers-in the' north, irrespective of creed and nationality, may have the attention of the trained deaconess nurse stationed there. The build- ' ing was erected because .the need of some such facility has been so urgently felt by the nurse. Considerable interest was shown and. hearty support given by the people of the district, and by friends in Adelaide. ' There is a comfortable receiv ing ward, 27 ;ft.-by 15 ft., with four beds ana a cot, dispensary, nurse's sitting .and bed room, large kitchen, scullery, bathroom, and cellar,- a,nd a roomy verandah .shields the walls somewhat. The building was prepared .at Port Augusta l>v. Mr. T.. Tott man to plan's and specifications drawn up by the. Rev. -J. FJynn and Mr. J. Hblds ■ worth". of . Port. Augusta. Then it was taken by. rail to ,the terminus, and erected, and fittingly opened on December 10 bV the Rev. • R. Mitchell', formerly minister of tlie huge_. •northern .parish, and always, a worm friend ot the mission.'- Weather conditions were most inauspicious, there Raving been dust, ■ heat, wind, .and thunderstorms, but a large ; gathering ;astepibled/including ' Di, , Ken-;' nedy, - resident medical officer, ;who ex-*; pressed his. great satisfaction with the scheme' so successfully , consummated, and which he hopedWould be followed else-; Ii\ F. C. Staer felt sure that it i where, i Mi1, would , be greatly-appreciated. . Simijar sen- j timents werq. expressed by the Biivis. W. I H. Huey and J. Flynn. j Under the auspices of the Society for the Abolition of .Capital Punishment a ooufe- ] rence was held at the' . Hotel .Metropole, ' London," lasti month, on the .best methods of dealing with, criminals convicted of mur der. Mr. Justice Grantham, in a letter to the secretary, said he had' studied the sub ject for rnany yeirsj and was con vinced that if capital punishment were abolished in... Great . Britain., country life would be less, secure than it was now. "-Fear of it prevents a gi-eat number of- bad criminals from committing murder to avoid detection. I think it is . .the duty of society- t-o protect the lives of innocent people rather than save the lives :. of murderers."' Mr. Justice Channel! in a letter saidr—"In my opinion, murder ^com mitted in the course of the-perpetration of ; any other-crime, or in order to assist in tlie perpetration of another crime, should al ways be punishable with death. It is the , direct interest of criminals' committing bur- i glaiy, robbery, with violence, rape, and,the [ like to destroy. evidence against, them bv. killing their victims. I am quite satisfied that the criminal classes in. this country - have a great horror of death at the hands of justice, and that theifear of it is a very great" deterrent, and l am satisfied that in this country, if capital: punishment, were abolished, murders.-of this .class would ra pidly increase." Mr. Montagu Sharpe, Chairman of the Middlesex Quarter Ses sions, wrote that he considered the lash and hanging were* the two punishments most dreaded by criminals. Executive Council on Dec. 14 approved the. regulations concerning two scholar- - ships. The first one is. the Thomas Price prize, founded tb perpetuate the memory of the late' Hon. T. Price,- who, -in addition to 'being. Bfemier, was -JliniSterJof Educa tion for three-and a half years. The value is" £390, "and- -will enable the successful can didate to Btudy art, science: law, music, or medicine. Tile moh'ey will be divided over four years. In the case of medicine, the scholarship will be awarded only if the successful- candidate- can satisfy the'' Minis ter that he -or-she would, with tlie-award, be able to complete the course. The prize will be given on 'the result of the senior public examination. The. .competition '« open to boys oxvgirls.under. 17.attending the 'secondary -schools connected with the de partment, who-have 'been bona-fide resi dents of the State' for two years. The Catherine Helen Spence scholarship is'open to women who have been resident for at least five years, and are between the ages of 20 and 35. The total value is £300, not the Citizens' Memorial Committee has agreed to place the sum of. money -now in its hands,, amounting to . £208, with the Public Trustee, for. investment, and the in terest upon this is to he paid to the bolder of the scholarship during the latter part of the term." The award will ■ extend over three or four yeai-s,'according to the length of the bourse! of study," and. the successful candidate may spend one or two years at the Adelaide University in btudy relating to social science, and the remainder of the ! term ib investigating treatment of social problems m Europe aiid America, The. Chairman of the Destitute Board re ports that the total expenditure for tlie year 1910--11 was £14,483 8/9, compared with £15,998 7/11 for the previous year, the de crease being £1,514 19/2; The comparative expenditure between the years 1909-10 and 1910-11 is as follows:—Town and suburbs. 1909-10 £3,449, 1910-11, £2.997; country dis tricts, £5,983, £4,908; Destitute Asylum, £6,082, £6,075; lying-in department. £484, £503. "To invalid and oltmige pensions as well as continued prosperity raus: be attri buted the decreased expenditure: and in view of the fact that old-age pensions have now -been in existence in this State for two years, and invalid pensions for. about six months, the effect, so far as the expen diture of this department is concerned, may now be gauged with a fair degree of aocuracj-. Last year the expenditure was reduced by £3,026 14/3, this year by £1,511 19/2, or a total for the two years of £4,541 13/5. The expenditure is the lowest recor ded for the past 24 years. Much Kindly in terest continues to be token in the welfare of the inmates of the institution by many benevolent ladies and gentlemen, who visit them from lime to time and minister to them in various ways. Entertainments arc provided at the institution, and on suitable occasions the inmates have accepted invita tions-to various city entertainments. Tins board expresses its thanks for all kindness?s shown, and desires to acknowledge the ever ready assistance which is rendered the department by the Commissioners of Police of this and the sister S:ate«. The State Police Department, with its officials sta tioned iu various distrcts over so wide an area, renders much useful sen-ice in con nection with* the work of this board. The municipalities and district councils continue to assist in the capacity of looal representa tives of the department, aud the heffi given is much appreciated." The report for 1910-11 of the Destitute Board contains the following references to the Lying-in Department:—"The number of women' received into this department dur ing the year was 36, compared with 42 for the previous year. Tlurty-three were single gnd three were married women. The number remaining on Juue 30 was -17,. compared with 20 12 months previously. The number of confinements was 34, which was 13 less, than for 1909-10. Two infants died, One at the age of three months, the cause being debility from birth and bron chitis, .and the other at the age of two weeks, of debility from birth. and heat ex haustion. Thirty-nine women left this department iri the year, and 29 took their infants ivith them. . Of the 29, eight went direct to service, eight went to their rela tions,. 10 -to the Mission of Hope Home, one to, the Rescue Homeland two to the' State Children's Department. - Pour left •without their infants, the State Children's Department taking the infants in three cakes,; and in the remaining instance the child "ivus taken by the relatives. There were two cases of stillborn children, and in two.instance the women left before eoii-. finement, satisfactory provision being made fori (be event elsewhere. The mothers, as' heretofore, .remain to nurse their children for. six 'months after birth, .'.and they are never permitted to leave until it is known that satisfactory provision' .will be made for mother aud child, and so great has been the demand for domestic help that good situations,for mothers with their chil dren have been readily available at good wages. The'State Children's Department is supplied -with information "as to the 'whereabouts.of the children in order that the statutory .provision which enables them to be kept under observation until they attain the age of seven years may be ful filled.' . The average number maintained in tlvjs department during the year was 15, and the average cost per head per week was 12s. lid. ' : Developments are proceeding satisfac torily-on the-Brown's Well' lane, and the work will shortly be accelerated, many additional workers having- been engaged. Since the banding over of .the G&wler; Angastpn line, Messrs. Smith & Tiinms have ffiad .a .large number of .trucks side tracked between, the Gawler and North Crawler stations. About 40, of these were dispatched by special train to Tail-en Bend last week, and will be brought into service there almOst imme diately] A change from the-usual methods of laying down the track is to be tried on the branch to Brown's Well,-a satisfactory test of steel deepens having been made on a small portion of the south line. The timber -sleepers will not be used in this instance, and the rails for "the entire length of between 80 and -00 miles - will be fas tened - tier -steel ssleepers. Thousands of tons of them are now stacked within -a few hun dred yards of'-the Tailem Bend station yard, north of the: branch'line to Pinna The members for flinders have presented a petition to the Chief Secretary (Hon. P. S. Wallis) from a number of residents of Streaky. iBay, urging that a; public hospi tal should be established at-that place. The documents pointed out that there is oniy one,public hospital on the whole of the west coast, which is at Port Lincoln, and tha; fee stretch of country betweeh; Port Lin coin and Fowler's Bay, nearly 400 is more than double the distance separating any other two public hospitals in the State. The Chief Secretary said he Would considei the question^ • A happy suggestion was contained in a letter which came before tlie Public Library ; Board at its meeting on Friday, Dec. ,15. The communication. accompanied. by a framed portrait of tub late Capt. JohnF. ., Duff : (commander of the Africaine, which first arrived at Holdfast Bay in November, 1836), was from Mr. S. D. Duff, a ;on of the deceased, now resident at 'Marion, and ; stated:-—'"Will you please accept from me, for your-Gallery this picture of my father. ■ one of the earliest pioneers, who arrived here before Proclamation Day, and was, _~one of the little band present at that cere-. anony under the old gumtree. As you will surmise, he has been dead someyears, but after leaving tlie sea in the fifties, he became one of Adelaide's prominent mer chants, and at one time during ' the Go vernment's financial crisis, came to its assis tance, and helped it out of its difficulty. It would be a fine thing could we establish a gallery of old colonists. Perhaps we could, were it made known that you would be pleased to accept any pictures of the old heroes." The portrait was received gratefully. Among the communications which re quired attention at the meeting of the Public Library Board on Friday, Dec. 15, was a' letter forwarded to the President (Mr. W. J. Spwden) by Mr. Ryan, M.P., together with'a copy of a question which the latter recently put to the Minister' of Education relative to the land at the rear of the Library buildings, and the reply given by Mr. Coneybeer. Mr Ryan pointed out that it might help if the suggestion which he had made—that the growing popularity of the Library bad caused it to be so extensively used- that the want of room was being severely felt, and as there was 11 acres adjacent at the rear which might shortly be available be felt sure the users of the Library were anxious that provision should be made for its ex pansion—was brought prominently before the board. He explained that the Minis ter had replied, inter alia, that the needs of the institution might well be provided for in the manner indicated. The Vice President (Mr. L. Graybon), who occupied the chair, said it was advisable that the board should be fully alive to its interests, and make every claim on the land. Dr. R. S. Rogers considered that, seeing the Education Commission was taking evidence, it would be unwise if the President atten ded- as a witness. The Vice- President thought it would be well not to leave any stone unturned to secure the adjoining properly in the event of it becoming vacant. Tbey wanted to be the first in the market. (Hear, hear.) A suggestion to the effect that the city members of Parliament nhould be waited upon, so that at the proper time they would be prepared to take action on \- behalf of the board, was worthy of con sideration. Mr. E. t'avies said they might ask flie President to do what appeared to him to be best to ensure the realization of the desires of the board. This course ic was decided to adopt. Mr. J. K. Lund, a native of Denmark; has arrived in Sydney, end intends to take up dairy farming on the north coast (says a Sydney exchange). While Australians are always ready to applaud the pluck of the Britisher, something might be .said of tlie newcomer, who Jias, at the age of 45 years, determined on making a start in a new land, for he cannot speak a word of Eng lish, a sure handicap in itself. When he arrived he told, through an interpreter, how he walked along the streets looking at the signboards until he came to a hoarding, on which was inscribed "Ein ergreifendes Lehensdrama in 3 akfan von urban Gad, Asta Nielsen ulso Hauptdarstelierin." Then his face lighted, and somehow he seemed to think he was among friends—his native tongue gave him a sign of encouragement. Then he proceeded to explain that,he was in Copenhagen wjicn the very incident which forms the basis of "The Greet Mo ment" occurred^ The mansion that was destroyed bv fire he described as being something the size of the Public Works De partment. only muc-h more ornate. But it was the heroism of the gill, who in real life happened to be the sister of the baby that aroused so much public enthusiasm. She did exactly what is described in West's wonderful picture, "The Great Moment." excepting that she was rescued from tlie flames before life passed away, and was able to see the form of her little baby sis ter in her mothey'-s arms. A monument stands in the Danish city to the memory z° the brave girl, while the story is Zs green in the minds of the old n^ple as "if it had occurred only Dr. J. C. Copley and Dr. W. S. McClel land, when giving evidence before the New South Wales Commission on Labour, commented pointedly upon tlie effect of factory life on. girls. Thev com plain that girls go into the factories at 14, which, they say, is far too young. From the nationnl standpoint, the result of this is deplorable. Dr. Coole,v says, "In the majority of cases factory girls are to tally unfit for married life, as they are quite ignorant of (he _ first principles of domestic economy.'' Dr. Cooley adds, "Their nerves have become un strung during their early life, and con sequently tliey are anemic and often dys peptic." Drs. Cooley and McClelland agree that girls ought not to enter factories un til they are 16 or 17 years of age. With out in the slightest degree reflecting ou the morals of factory girls (says Tlie Melbourne Herald) it is clear that children of 14 to 10 should not be exposed to temptation, freed suddenly, and, for a]) practical pur poses, completely from parental control. It is a.s clear that they should not be sub jected to the strain of keeping pace for hours with the beat of machinery. And is specially gratifying to find that dur ing the two years of remarkable pros perity—1009-1910—the number of girls un der 10 engaged in Victorian factories steadily decreased. It was 3,065 in 1903; it was 2,174 in 1910. This shows that parents generally are not . anxious to ex ploit their children, for during the years in question the manufacturer has been in cessantly demanding more girls. Fathers have been earning good wages, and their boys as well as their girls have entered the factories later. Here, as in the matter of housing, it is poverty that has to be fought. On Dee. 15 in the Assembly Mr. Rud.dl asked, in view of the evidence before the subcommittee on the Hospital trouble hav ing been taken down by shorthand writers, would the-Premier see that it was printed as a Parliamentary paper after the House was prorogued. The Premier—I will con sult the Chief Secretary, and if it is lawful and right, I have no objection. The Hon. A. H. Peake asked, in view of the public interests involved, would the Premier see that the evidence was published, because after the Government had gone to the ex pense of a shorthand staff, it would be un satisfactory if there should be any secrecy. The Premier said he did not see any rea son himself why it should not be published, but he ivan ted to safeguard himself by say ing he would consult the head of the de partment. Rp. Glynn, who returned to Adelaide on Saturday from ^Melbourne, when questioned by reporter in regard to the position of the Murray waters agreement, said except for one point the agreement was absolutely settled; in fact, it,had. been settled nearly two months .ago in conference between the Parliamentary drafting department of New .South Wales and himself on behalf' of South Australia. A question had subse-. quently been raised, however, in regard to the approval of the plans of the State of New South Wales. Mr. Glynn hopes the matter will be settled within a week or 10 days,. It was only ^because .Mr. L. A. B. Wade {Chief Engineer for Irrigation in New South \Vales) had been unable to return to Sydney before Mr. Glynn was obliged to leave there last Wednesday that the mat ter bad not been dealt with finally. He j had submitted a draft of the clause now under consideration to the drafting depart- j ment in Sydney and telegraphed the effect . of it to Mr. Wade. While in Sydney Mr. j Glynn had interviews with Mr. Holtnan i (Attorney-General). "If the question -of engineering is not settled next week," continued Mr. Glynn, "I shall meet Mr. Holman in Melbourne on December 20, and I think in half a day the whole matter will be settled- Everything is going satisfac torily, but where great works of this class are contemplated the question of designs is a matter of interest to the three States, and the point-now is to what extent and in what circumstances the other States have a right to approve certain plans. There is nothing at all tiiat will block the agree ment. It is purely a matter of proper caution on both sides, the object being to secure the best class of locks and weirs and at the same time to prevent damage to the land in tlie vicinity of the rivers." "Settling night" in connection with the Commercial Travellers' Charity Carnival is j not for the masses, but it is as much a part | of the bagmen's philanthropic efforts as i the great show itself.. On Saturday even- ( ing there was an enthusiastic parly in the , clubhouse. The President of the Associa-• lion (Mr. W. R. Hubble), who is also Chair man of the carnival executive, occupied the chair, and was supported by the carnival secretary (Mr. H. II. Schuetze), its trea surer (Mr. R. B. Norton), and other mem bers of the committee. Mr. Hubble natu- J rally -chose the opportunity to point out what a truly magnificent crescendo of ser vice the annual revel has given for live years to metropolitan charities. In 1907 £150 was handed to the Children's Hospi-' ■tal. In the next year, five charities recei ved £50 each. Then nine institutions were given £50 each. In 1910 cheques for £90 were handed to nine eharitie?. This year the bagmen's football frolics reached the liighcst figures recorded, and 12 institutions received the splendid sum £110 each. Gross receipts of the latest'* carnival amounted l.o £1,150. Mr Hubble added that the travellers had worked won derfully well in the cause they befriended, and all paid their own expenses, including heavy outlays upon costumes. The ex- j penditure totalled only £130. In handing over the cheques all that the tra vellers asked was that the money should be (.pent forthwith and directly on tbc in mates of the institutions participating, and should not be tied up-behind bricks and mortar. The following gentlemen accep ted the divisions of the £1.320;—South Aus tralian Corps of Veterans. Mr. \Y. ,T. P. Giddjngs: House of Mercy, Walkerville. and Orphan Home, Mitchum, Rev. Dr. Milne: Point Macleav Mission Station, Sir. W. E. Dal ton; Methodist Orphan Home, Rev. H. Howard; Missions to Seamen, Mr. J. N. M. Lawrence; District Trained Nursing Society. Rev. W. G. Marsh; South Austra lian Refuge. Norwood. Mr. P. T. Scotl; Ilindmarsh Town Mission. Mr. A. Puddy; St.. Joseph's Refuge, Fullarton, Hon. L. O'Loughlin, M.P.; Port Pine Young Men's Association, Rev. IV. J. Walker; Port Ade laide Strangers' and Benevolent Society, All". J. E. Stanley. Each representativ;, in taking charge of the cheque and accom panying certificate, expressed heartfelt gratitude for the noble gift, and briefly reviewed the work and aims of his institu tion. Mr. O. Biermann (committeeman), in handing over the veterans' amount, paid special tribute to the old soldiers. Sgt. George Thompson replied in a vein that elicited cheers. The treasurer (Mr. Norton) mentioned that af!_gr five years of service willingly given.. s*nd part of ilie time also as OhairJVjih. he had found the duties too hea\'y, and bad decided reluctantly to re -iire from the position. The time fixed for the Imperial Confer ence of Teachers' Associations convened by i the League of Empire is July 12 to 16 iii- ] elusive, 1912. The agenda drawn up by the j conference committee includes a great j variety of subjects such as the training of j teachers (professional-and university), the mutual recognition throughout the Empire of teachers' certificates, the migration of teachers for purposes of study generally, and for temporary interchange of appoint ments; co-ordination in education, i.e., the connection between the elementary and secondary schools in regard to curricula, as well as the piecing of scholars j and the promotion of teachers, and the .working of the scholarship system in differ ent parts of the Empire. Besides these and other general subjects educational curricula in various particulars will be discussed, viz., technical education in its. relation to local industries as well as in its larger aspect j 83 a preparation for general scientific and ] trade research, the place of history and geo graphy in education, the English language and literature, and physical education. One of the subjects interesting to many over seas teachers will be the best means of or- j ganizing a rural school. The teaching of local history and Natuie study will also be considered, especially as leading to much interchange of .specimens and information between schools throughout tlie Empire. ; Suggestions are constantly being received i from overseas teucksrs' associations, and so various are the subjects on which dis cussion is asked that it is evident that the conference proper will but be the centre of a month at least of educational'inter course. It has already been_ proposed to illustvate the agenda with observation work, and illustrated lectures on various subjects j will be introduced both before and after the conference. A short course of travel I study in England is also being prepared, and the conference will therefore break much new ground, and will he one of exceptional interest. The papers prepared will in all cases he taken as read, and the whole time of the meetings will be given to discus sion in which, by unanimous desire of the committee, precedence null be given to the overseas visitors of the league. The corn trade sectional committee of' the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce has ap-. ] pointed January 10 as the date for fixing ' the standard sample of wheat for the season ' 1911-12. • Merchants and agricultural bu reaux have been requested to furnish fair \ samples of wheat—14 ft. of the new crop from their respective districts, so that the committee may arrive'at'the average for tlie season. These samples must be* sent-1 to the secretary of the. chamber, 23 Way mouth street, Adelaide, on. or before Janu ary 8; "The life of a soldier is a. life of duty," said Hfs "Excellency^the Governor on Fri day, Dec. 15, in the Exhibition - BuUdiiigc "The soldier must be confident, disciplined, and always ready," he xodtiaued. "When called > he must go to the army. on some enterprise no matter how perilous. There is no arguing,- He has to obey orders, even though it be to. march to the cannon's mouth. Confidence, discipline,'and.courage are among the qualities which make a true ! soldier." His Excellency said he i eg3ided the Commonwealth scheme of compulsory training as a valuable addition to ths educa tion of their youths. The practical dis cipline would have a great influence in the development of self-control. In Ausrrali.i the local resources were more than adequate to maintain the people, and if the fleet were defeated the army could put up a good fight1 and save the country from invasion. <Ap-1 plauEe.j The Australasian Implement Company has received a letter from the Petaluma In- I cubator Company, California, regarding the I Australian - boys now on a visit tcr—the j United States:—'Tt will be oP interest to i you 'to know, that we entertained in our ] factory a delegation of Australian boys, about 45 in number. Through our Chamber of Commerce we arranged for these boys to come to Petaluma for a day's outing, plea sure, and education. We had the pleasure of taking them through our factory, and showing them the progress of incubator construction, and tliey'appeUred to be much', interested, particularly in the newly, hatched chicks running in and out of the brooders in our display window. Most of these boys come from Western Australia, although ■ some were picked from Sydney and Ade laide. Our community tried to make their | stay pleasant, and last evening they gave j us a creditable-entertainment in our Opera House, which was packed, and they were received enthusiastically and did finely. We are glad that they are visiting this country. ! as all these visitations bring the subjects of the Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack | on more close and friendly relationship.'* Three new lawyers were admitted to practice at the Bar at '.the session of the Full Court on 'Saturday morning, presided over b'y their Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice lfomburg, and Mr. Ac-ting Jus tice Buchanan. The candidates were Messrs," George Dalrymple Cowan, intro duced on the motion of Mr. G. J. li. Slur ray, K.C.; Mr. Louis Arnold Wliitington, on the motion of Mr. J. R. Anderson; and , Mr. Allan Lovepineli, on the motion of Mr. W. J. Isbister. The three took the Bachelor of Laws degree at the Adelaide University this year. The Chief Justice, ill congratulating the novitiates on their ad mission to the Bar, said the advantages for education were now much greater than half a century ago, and lie hoped the new bar- ] listers would outshine those who had joined under the nidcr conditions. The first eight of the 21 second-class 3 ft. 6 in. gauge carriages are rapidly approach ing completion in the* Islington Workshops. These carriages are of the twin compart- ! ment centre corridor lavatory type, similar to the existing narrow-gauge rolling stock, but considerably larger, and with such addi tions as to bring them into line with the most up-to-date railway carriage construc tion. The bodies, which are 50 it. long, are mounted on channel steel underfraines, car ried on four-wheeled bogies of the com pensated-bai* frame type. Each body is di vided into two compartments, each 22 ft. 4 in. long, and capable of comfortably seat ing 30 passengers. A compartment termi nates in a short passage from which the lavatory door opens, and it enables com munication 'to be made from one end to the other. The seats are of the new hygienic type recently introduced in the latest broad- 1 gauge carriages. They are upholstered in green leather of Australian manufacture, and are easily removable for cleaning. Stone's patent electric lighting equipment, is used. Each compartment is illuminated by three groups of lights, controlled by switches, which may be manipulated by the passengers, but the switch of the cen tral lamp controls only two bulbs of the ' groups, the third will always remain | alight, so that the compartment may not be put in complete darkness. As is now the practice on the narrow-gauge system, these carriages ore equipped with the West ingliouse automatic brake. In consequence of their size and weight special arrange ments have to be made for conveying them over the broad-gauge system. Suitable : fogies have been taken from broad-gauge , vehicles, and temporary attachments made' to enable them to carry tlie narrow-gauge vehicles without any dismantling, tlicir own j bogies being conveyed in trucks. A train of these vehicles is now standing at Isling- j ton. and to the' uniuitiated it would be | difficult to recognise the _ fact that it is narrow-gauge stock. It will be dispatched to Terowie to-day. A voluntary camp of instruction for the Naval Reserve (B. class) and Senior Naval' Cadets will be held at the Outer Harbour -from December 26 to 31—six days for Re serve and four days for Cadets. This will he the first camp for the Seuior Naval Cadets under the Compulsory Training Act. It is not intended to work the boys hard, but to have short and- frequent exercise, and entertainments during -the evenings. The estimated number of officers, petty officers, and men and cadets attending is 320. All of them will live in tents lent by the Military Commandant, Great interest has been aroused by the ofl'er of Hill River Estate do the Govern ment. "This is essentially a closer settle ment district" (writes a Clare correspon dent), "-and if the Government should pur chase the estate it mill be able to place a , large number of people cn the land in small' holdings. Much of the land is well suited for vines. A petition, is being largely, signed by townspeople requesting the Go vernment to purchase." Some time ago Mr. Alfred Searcy for warded to King George and to the Prince of Wales bound copies of his book "By Flood and Field." On Monday the author I received from His Excellency the Governor the following c-opy of a letter, dated Down ing street, November 16, which had been sent to Sir Day Bosanquet by the Secretary ! of State for the Colonies (Rt. Hon. L. Har- ' court):—"Sir—I have the honour io inform you that His Majesty the King has been pleased to accept the copy of a book en titled 'By Flood and Field.' by Mr. A. Searcy (Assistant Cleric of the House of j Assembly of South Australia). I am com- : manded by His Majesty to-request you to convey his thanks to Mr. Searcy." Mr. Searcy has also received the acknowledge- . ment of the gift to the Prince of Wales:— j "York Cottage, Sandringham. Norfolk, No vember 6, 1911—Mr. II. P. Hansel! is de- j sired by the Prince of Wales to thank Mr. 1 Alfred Searcy very much for the copy of 'By Flood and Field' that lie lias so kindly I sent to His Royal Highness." I The railway earnings-for the week ended December 18 amounted to £39,660, against • ^,32.184 for the same period of last year. ; The. counting in connection with the \- Wooroora plebiscite was done in the offices • W the Liberal Union onTuesday afternoon. | The_ Hare-Spence system was used. The ; result was that at.the first count Sir. Oscar Uuhst, of Adelaide, Was selected by a large majority. The scrutiny was conducted by the office staff, assiited by Mrs. A. H. ; Young (secretary of the Effective Voting | League) and Messrs. J. von Bertoueh ana I H. P. Burden, representing the district committee conoerned. _ On December 9, before Messrs. A. \V. R. Drabsch and A. McCoun;, a fisherman was fined £4, IS/, for having used drum nets j for the purpose of taking fish in the River I Murray, the meshes of which were smaller ' than prescribed by the fisheries regulations , and -contrarythe Fisheries Acts. This ..should serve as a warning to persons _gn gaged in fishing, as the department" is • determined-to enforce the Iqw. The regu lation referring to driun nc-ls is:—"Net to consist of not . more than three hoops, covered with net, with wings attached, to i be made of twine; mesh of, net 011 hoops ; not less than 4 in. diameter of each hoop not to exceed 3 ft. 9 in.; outer hoops to be not more than 5 ft. apart; length of each wing not to exceed 8 ft.;, depth of each; wing not to exceed 3 ft. 9 in.; mesh of net on each wing not less than 6 in. Any wire or other drum net than such as is described herein, if. found in use or inten ded for use, will be seized, and the owner prosecuted. The use of the bag, pocket, or barrel net, and all fish traps of what-, soever description, except the drum net I described herein,-and ordinary gill nets, is absolutely forbidden." ^ The monthly meeting of the Medical Board was held on Thursday, December If j the Adelaide Hospital, when the following were present:—Jlrs, T. K. Hamilton (Pre- i sident), A. A. Hamilton, Lendcti, Napier, ! and Rogers, and the Secretary (Mr. Med lyn). The following were registered as legally qualified medical practitioners in and for the State of South Australia:— Kneebone, John Le Meesurier, M-B., B.S., Adel. 1911; Hains, Ivan Coronel, M.B., B.S., Adel. 1911; Boer. Adolph Oswald. M.B., B.S.. Adel. 1911: Russell, Ernest Al bert Harold. M.B-. B.S., Adel. 1911; Muir head, Leonard Graeme. M.B., B.S., Adel. 1911; fvVielair, .William Malcolm, M.B., B.S., Adel. 1911; Pitcher, Cyril Frederick, M.B.. B S., Adel. 1911; Wilton. Archibald C'ockburn, M.B., B.S., Adel. 1911; Harvey, Gilbert Aberdein. B.B.. B.S., Adel. 1911; Sioddart, Harrold William Downing. M.B-, B.S.f Adel. 1911; Dolling, Charles Edward, M.B.. B.S., Adel. 1911; Drew, Charles Fran cis, M.B.. B.S.. Adel. 1911; Donnelly, | Tlioinas Hugh, M.H., B.S., Adel. 1911; Mof fatt. May Josephine, M.B.. B.S.. Adel. 1911: Thomas, Edward Brooke, M.B.. B.S.. Adel, 1911; Holme,3, Louis S'tcngar, L.R.C.P. and S. (Edin.). L.F.P. and S. (Glas.), 1887. ' / The secretary of the South Australian branch of the British Immigration League of Australia (Mr. G. H. Boykett) reports j that under the auspices of the league 20 im migrants arrived on Saturday by the mail steamer Orama. With a few exceptions all were farm hands. Situations have been secured for them, and 10 left for stations and farms on Monday evening and on Tues. day morning. The selection was satisfac- I tory. During the-year more than 600 im migrants have been settled in the State by the league, irrespective of a large number who have paid their own passages and have been directed to situations. . The repay ments of passage money amounts-to about £1,000. The secretary is daily in receipt of appreciative letters from farmers and others, who are employing immigrants. The following extract from one is typical:—"I am more than satisfied with the lad. He is willing to learn, and lakes on interest in ! all farm work, and is very polite and oblig ing. To my idea the immigrants are a credit to the country." Hi the Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Blacker asked whether, as a favourable re port' had been handed in by the Willunga Railway Enquiry Committee, the Premier intended to proceed with the work. The Premier said he had not made careful en quiries yet; but, looking at the report, it appeared to absolutely free the people from any irregularity whatever, (liear, hear.) As the vote had been carried by a two thirds majority, and a6 he knew nothing was standing in the way, he saw no reason', why tli£ railjyay could not be proceeded with; but he would like to look thoroughly into the matter before making a definite (statement, Mr, Byan wanted to know whether, as the railway was now likely to bo constructed on the'guarantee principle, the Premier would obtain from the Rail ways Commissioner a report whether it would not considerably add to the earning capacity of the line «f it were extended I from Willunga on to the seacoast. (Laugh ter.) The Premier said that seemed a very fine proposition, but lie could not interfere with the scheme as passed. It must be ac cording to the Bill. The Ornithological Association lias beei energetic in securing some of those peeulia mound raising birds, the malice fowl, fo the notional reserve at Cape Borda, Ivan garoo Island, where they will he free fl-ori the molestation of Reynard, who threaten to exterminate them on the mainland. On lot was taken to the reserve in Februar by Mr. J. "W. Mellor, secretary of the asso ciation, and another b.iteli in July. Stil nil other lot lias been secured, and sine their capture have been recuperating in Mr Mellor's aviaries at the Reedbeds, awaitin; a favourable oiajaortunity for conveyance ti Cape Borda. This was available by permii 6ion of the President of the .Marine Boar. (Mr- Arthur Searcy). The steamer Governo Musgrave, with the malice fowl abbard, lef for Kangaroo Island on Friday evening. 