BREVITIES. This comes frurn helping the central umpire:—" Lost—Kangaroo clop, brindle, cut on hind leg, right toe broken, .laBt •sen at Mt. Erin football ground. 41 reward on returning to J. Woods, George Road, Geraldton." There are 20,067 junior cadets registered in the Dominion of New Zealand. William Oornisb, a lad who went to gaol for three Weeks rather thau pay a fine for failing to register has been presents^ with a gold medal by the Runlngai Miners' Union. The miners would have shown mors horse sense if they had paid the fin», Speaking at a Labor gathering in Melbourne, Mr. Fcsudergast (Leader of the State Opposition) said that since tbe wages boards were introduced Into Victoria in 1894 the benefits to the workers were represented by millions of pounds. This result, he said, was achieved by combination untrammelled by the infiuenoe of the employers. Ths golfers of Northam play upon ground lent them by Mr. Smith. Not oontent with tbe area, they trespass upon bis adjacent crop land aud special plajing rules have had to be framed to curb the practice. Over the fence into the orop i9 "out," an 1 the player has to start from wbsre h* made the stroke, " one down." We trust no Cue-Day Daws golfers will be unmannerly enough to encroach on the growing crops around the Balf way course. An association has been formsd at Sandstone to wttch the members of the local Boad Board. The Cue Boad Board is thinking about forming an association to watch tliQ Ous and Dawn Councils who are out on an annexation expedition. Roscoe and Co object to being half strangled by gold thread and finished off by blight. The Bight Hon. James Fags, U.P, for Maranoa, Queensland in the Federal House of Representatives was a Dr. Barnardo boy. From the Barnardo Home he went to tbe army, fought at the first Mojuba Hill and then came to Australia. When he entered the Federal Parliament he was a publioan and—a teetotaller. He's a teetotaller yet, Mr. T. A. Browne, " Bolfe Boldrewood," celebrated his 85th birthSay at Melbourne last Sunday. His books, particularly "Bobbery Under Arms," are still selling well. Ah Sin and Ah Soon two prohibited immigrants, oapturad at Narrogin, are to be deported from W.A. ~ Tbey may sin soon, perhap*, but not in A ustralia. 1 hire's not much in a nams. Dr. Coward, the condueter of the Sheffield choir has been married twice, and will take a third wife when he returns to the town of steel. Already he has nine children to go oojwitli, so it is also evident that number three wife is no coward—not yet, The old Exohange Tea Booms, corner of Cliff and High streets, Fremsntle, are to be pulled dovn to make room for a new tramway car barn. Visitors to the Fort will probably remember tbe tame kangaroo which used to be an attraction at the Exchange. Possibly the' last chapter of its life tale found it—in the soup. . Josiah Lamb advertised in tk# Government Gazette as missing has been found. Tbe stray young sheep is back again in the fold. A foreigner who cou'd not speak enough English to pass (he mining test cost tbe Golden Horseshoe Coy a £10 fine r,nd £216s court fees. He changed his name, got work at the Great Boulder Perseverance, and has now coBt that company £12 16s. It would pay the Chamber of Mines to send this man to a night school. During 1911 Victorian railways carried 98,000,000 passengers, and earned £ir 893,000 in revenue. Bearers and advertisers please note that the Sunday Times (Aug. 6) in its literary editor's column declares:—" Tbb Mubghisom Times is quite tbe most orisply and cleverly written of all tbe " outsr circle" of goldfield newspaper dom just now. . The descriptive and retrospective articles on local mining are well out of the atrociously oommon dryasduBt rut, aud there is a pungency about the paragraphs that the oldest of goldfields newspapers has not known fpr' many a day." Mr, Jacob Cohn, one of the oldest and most notable of Bsudigonisns died on July 81 at tho age of 81 and after S8 years connection with Bendigo. Born iu Horsens, Denmark, Mr. Oohn went to Bsndigo in 1858, started in the general provisicn business, erected and ran the Criterion Hotel, Market Square for 12 months, and in 1857 established the brewery, whioh in 1887 was floated into the Victoria Brewing Company. Mr. Cohn was a counoillor, mayor, president of tbe Hospital, Benevolent. Asylum, Meobanies Institute, Art Gallery, Agricultural Src'.ety and Land and Building Society, a prominent Freemason and magistrate, and probably no oitizen had ever served Quartzopolis more thoroughly, On one of his visits to Denmark he was invested with the Knighthood of Dannebrog, the chief of Danish royal honors. _. - The committee of management of the Specimen Hill State School, Bendigo, during ths present severe winter, has supplied steamiDg hot eofiee to thn scholars at Innob time. The innovation has besn a distinct success. _ Bendigo must be backsliding from its acute Sabbatio tendencies despite the Bevs Woodfnll'and others. The lady writer of-the Bencligonian just to hand, tells us that " knitting is now fashionable d for some curious reason is considered quite proper on Sunday afternoons.' PbilOSMl. 