ST. KILDA. SPEECH BY MR. McCUTCHEON. Mr. R G. McCutcheon, who is standing for re-election for St. Kilda, addressed a largely-attended meeting in the supper-room of the town hall last evening, the audience including a number of ladies Thomas King was opened by the mayor (Councillor J'. O litiglu-aO, and Councillor Harris Misses recently' took the chair The mayor (Councillor Hughes) expressed to Mr. M Cutcheon the journal's appreciation of man's acts he had carried out at the a man dies request. Mr Prendergast (leader of the Opposition) had ofttimes referred to Mr J Ctitcluon as one of the fairest employ it's of labour in Melbourne, and that was the sort of man they granted le?!. heads, fair minded, and able to guide our police. (Hirers ) Mr McCutcheon. who was greeted with applause, said that he had never been opposed to the interests of labour. A Voice What lins, you done" Air M Curr soon -A great deal. (Cheers ) Winks in mining not he had endeavour til to show fair play all round, and would continue to do so. ( Applause.) With one exception, he says in favour of the tolls of the Murray Goioniniont, MIIHII had done a great deal to push forward the interests of the State. (Hear, hear) He favoured immigration. He st is in favour of import- ing settlers for country lands, down the iron- sands, and artizans where nrliKins could not be pro» tired in Australia. (Cheers.) He favoured the Alttrray (Government's proposed as to railway extension, wherever line runs find sufficient to justify the mark. I wages in return. (Hear, hear.) He favoured the ilettufitation of the suburban railways. At present those railways were at times greatly as an roses tied, and were sung and at a risk to life and limb. A Tucker ser site being required. He believed in a cell Iril road boards to control State expenditure on roads, and to secure good main roads throughout the State. In regard to technical education, the Germans will be Hen the English, and the English mind hinder us in Australia. We should estimate our south up to a standard, not that they could beat A Voice The world. Mr. M Ciitiheon.-A'rs. he outlined in created expenditure on technical education. (Cheers.) Australia was not sufficient) and strained, and the amount expended in that direction should be more like £50 000 than 6",000. During his recent visit abroad he found that our butter was being sold as Danish, and our lamb as New Zealand. has favoured a Greater Melbourne Court on, to control certain matters, The Iron- st is, to remain the property of the main equalities. The municipalities should devise the best means of taking over the Gas G repairs-, so that one could he supplied at a simple rite. He favoured the World men's, Compensation Bill, applicable to both rural and town workers; the Charities Bill, providing for women being renreaiintisl on the proposed board: Apprentues' Hill and the Harbour Trust Bill, the last named providing for the improvement of the port, the lowering of a barge and the admission of (his largest libers to our st homes. The main point in the slums Got comments programme he did not agree with was the proposed to lower the franchise for the Light Inlise Collin II. They did not want two Russia's credit in on the same bonus similar to the two Federal Houses. Members of the Senate were paid £600 n seir fur avoiding the opinions of the longer Clumber, but miss the Senate sets the even a tin tion of the House, of Representatives The object of a second Chamber was to enter ( offer wishes the country had a double number of men without any practical articles (Hear, hear In the Savings Until, the III were (Imports ii»iiciiiilin,r to If) million- That money will not blind! to tinsmith classes, but to the audience an! f strikes are going to nil at. capitalists at the same time people sail down the main IN mudd llu»m9(ls(S hose to rise up silent He possessed a canal lists (Heir lit it and disant ) As to the Labour part VOICE A great! part) in Air. M Cull in a suit it is in a spirit a time could not do without and But I will not do without His 1 iii in parts ( Sp picture 1 In answer to questions Mr Al (use it on said but he was not in his our of i t is on business on a man who might make it bail husband would perhaps make, it make it from this life upon a visit is military It was not in a much as will! pay for men and women in similar units in f mu i of a diet of colony is at its 1 the test trial u he would ml of tin H'MiH of His di had no tons of the committee appointed by the Sea South Wales PiiluiiiK lit In torn his HIt, all opinion Alma Curl in mildewed blue merit ing in support of Mr M J enthusiast in miniature, and was adopted a sort of thing 'If. is firm in Ali M Ciit»h,«»ii don not wish for a sale of a gin in billin If I said Oh this is ml 'him eliminating Mr right. I II Land All are... in f name of Mr A! ('are by no hold up this h indu VII but a fine bill NO million fund applause. 