Official Luncheon. Speech hy the Governor, Promise hy the Premier. Sir Arthuc Morgan, as president of the association, presided over - the official i luncheon, wliioh was held in tho Exhihi- j tioii Concert Hall; Tills function also i was' attended by the vice-regal party and ! others -mentioned in connection with the j official opening ceremony, and also by a large number of other citizens and visi- i tors. The guests who accopted included Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Affleck, Air. and Mrs. C. A. Arvicr, Air. .and Airs. J. Allan, Hon- W. II, and Airs. Barnes, Mr. and Mrs, -J, G. Brown, Mr. I. T. Berry, Mr. and Mrs. II. Brookes, Mr. and Mrs. A. II, Brady. Mr Hurry Baynes, Mr. and Mrs, F. K, Brodrliib, Hon. T. C. and Mrs. Boirne, Air. W. J. Bovingtou, , Mr. J. F. Bailey, Hon. D. F. and Mrs. Dcn- liam, Mr. and Airs. Davidson, Archbishop Donaldson, Major and Airs, Darvall, Nr E. Dcnham, Dr. and Airs. Elkiugton, Air. and Airs. R. .S. Exton, Air. and Airs. Ear- waiter, Air. P. Frankel, Air. and Airs. T. F and Aliss Fauset, Mr. and Airs. : D. Fletcher, Hon. K. 'AT. Grant. Mr. U. Gailev sen., and Misses Gailey (2,), Mr. and Airs, E. R. Graham, Air. Al. J. Gal lagher, Mr.' R. Gailey, jnn., Hon. L. and : Airs. Groom. Airs. .Graham, Air. and Mrs. ,1. Hiron. Mr. J. A. Hayes, and Aliiss I Hayes,. Lieutenant-colonel and Alr,s. HI. Har ris,- Mr- .and Miss .Hood, Air. and Airs. J. Hutchison, Airs. Graham Hart, Dr. and Airs.' H. Harris, Mr. J. Hardcastlo,, Air, and A(rs. HolHngshed, Air. and Mrs. Kil- roo, Air. J. Iy. Kelly, Mr. W- Kellctt, Dr. .Kane, Air. and Mrs. W. Lennon, Air. J. Mackenzic- Lecs, Air. and Mrs. F. S. Lucas, Sir A. and Lady Morgan, Air. and Mrs. J. Alacdonald, Dr. R. A." Alcek, the Alayor and Alayorcss of - Bris bane, tho Alayor- and Mayoress of South Brisbane. Air. and Mrs. W. IT. Alarshall, Air. and Airs.,, G. II. Marshall, Mr. and Airs. G. Marchant, Air. and Airs. Atuir, Mr. and Alrsf Aladplierson, Air. and Mrs. J. Alaiion (Gatton), Air. and Airs. B. W. Macdonald, Air. and Mrs. jE. T. Manclies- jtcr, Mr. ' and" Alt-s, P. .AI'Dermott, Mr. A. !l-I. Al'Shane. Mr. At'Lcod, sen., and 'Aliss : TvI'Leod, Air. George Cowltshaw, Air. Alant, Airs. J. Al'Whirtcr, jun.. Mr. A. ,J. Patterson, Air. C. 1-1. Buza- ebtt, ATr. P. and Aliss AI'Lean, Air.- J. AT'Wliirter and Mrs. Eddy, Air. D. H. and Aliss M'Gillivray, Air. and Airs. A. T. Noycs. Airs. Nugent, Commander Norton, Hon. T. O'Su'Uivan, MP- and Mrs J W. II. Osborne, Air. and Airs. J. P. Orr« i Air. and Airs. ,W; J, Overall,. Mr. and Mrs,: F. O'Grady, jflicons of H.ALS. Powerful, Colonel and Sirs. Parnell, Air. and Mrs/ Pagan, Mrs! and. Aliss Pickworth, Hon. R«. and Mrs. Philp, president and secretary) : Agricultural Society, Rockharapton, Air,; F. H. Stephens'' and Air. H. A. Jones-! (Alaryborough'i, president and secretary, . Agricultural Society, Ipswich, president-' and secretary Agricultural Society, War-- wick, president and secretary Agricultural i Socicia-, Esk, president and secretary Agti-y cultural Society, AtitcheU, president and? secretary Agricultural ' Society, Lismore, ; j president and socretary Agricultural! | Society, Gympic, president and secretary): I Agricultural Society, North Pine, Mr. R-( S. Edkins and Mr. H. White (Longreach),-: Afr. R. Lawson and Air. W. Balding- (Stantiiorno). Air. Corson and Mr, Stephen-i son (Gayndah), Air. F. G. Woodard and:) Air. J. A. Midgoley (Lowood), Jlr. H. Hick.-' son and Air. W. R. I-Iunter (Dalhy),. Aire.! R. ATackie and Air. F. Dare (Chinchilla); Air. IV. 1-1, Thrnpp and Air. A. Al'Pherson,..- Mr. E. T; Drake (Goondiwihdi), Air. " F. Dautli and ATr. G. Savage (Beenleigh),,- Mr. and Airs. J. Healey . (Glen Innr.s), j . Mr. C. A. I-Inrlcvand Afr. S. C. Alott, Afrj' nnd Mrs. G,. IT. Pritchard, Mrs. Papworthn Air. and Aliss Patcrson, Air. and Airs, J«: W. Pickwortli, Air. and Airs. W. C, PeaK„i Airs. Prentice, Aliss Peterson, Air. anil.l Mrs. H. C. Quodling, Air. Justice andj Airs. Real, Air. and Airs. J. aud ATiss! Reid, Air. and Airs. W. V. Ralston. Mr,! and Airs. A. O. Raff, Air. and Airs. E. Gyi E. Scriven. Air. and Airs. R. B. Stark„j Hon. E. J. and Airs. Stevens, Air. L,j Spehoe, Captain and Airs. Svenson, Aire? and Airs. J. K. Stewart, Air. J. and Misa, Continued on Page 4,. . i i ii Continued from Page 3. " Sharpo, Mr. qind Mrs. W. B. Slado, Mr. \- and Mrs.' G: Steer, Mr. and ;Mrs.: . R. , ..(.Sumner. Miss A'.' Shaw. Mr. and. Mrs.- A: ".C Saltmarsh. Mr. W. Souttcr. Mr. A. B. " Skene, Mr. F. E- sturmicls. Mr. A. H: Sclman, Mr.-.G. Stening, lion." J. and. Miss Tolir.ie. Mr. -G. Wooinough. Mrs. Tom. Woolnough. .Mr. . and Mrs.. R. W. Thur- low, Mr. H. G. Thomas. Miss B. Wassell. Mr. nnd Mrs. A. B. Webster. -,:, >: Lady MncGrcgor wore - a . gown ot blue and whlto spotted foulard, with vost- of Irish lace:, toque oi cremo - corded silk, limshcd with. gold and win to rose. Ladv Bosanquct was '- in 'a coat and .skirt ot lavender shantung, finished with black, with a black Napoleon hat of. panne, .ornamented'. with ostrich plumes. Witn this Ladv Bosanquct wore.-a race coat of nclily soutached cremo cloth. Miss Mac- (trcgor wore a frock of cau de nil linen, with collar of Irish point, with a while tulle hat, -.veiled with rose point lace. Ladv Morgan ,was ,in a tailored coat anil skirt of wluto,". finished > with black, with a black toque. Mrs. 'Digby Ucnham was in grey silk -crepe, with .platinum embroi dery, with a. grey chip, hat rolled oil the faco and. caught with a metallic buckle. Mrs. John : Macdonald was in blue char- meuse. with .gold 'lace." and a blacit hat. The Mayoress- --.ot Brisbane chose black satin .etniicd -gauze; ornamented with . saxony : lace". . : Mrs. W. H. Barnes, amethyst silk crepe,;;. with panels of silk , embossed lace, and- vest of crcmc riot ; tuscan" hat, with swathe of black silk and point laco, with cluster of shaded roses. Miss Tolmic, tailored costume of black cloth, .'with a black "panne hat. Mrs. Tom IVoolnough, black coail and skirt, .with a black satin hat, finished with roses. ",! 'Mrs. W. Pagan, gown of, "blue" cloth, . strapped with black satin and oriental lace ; black .hat with black arid .white cavalier plumes. Mrs. Real, grey riinoh over- ivory silk, with vest of tlirussols net.; black plumed . bat. . Lady '. Oowlcv, . black striped grey f silk, with a. black ":toquo " wreathed witii white 'primulas and-;Jpliag'e. Mrs. E. G. Scrivcti, .bluo ' .tailored costume, with black toque. - ' Mrs. Malion (Gatton), vieiix rose silkvoilemadc cn tunic, anil finished' with silk //applique ; black chip hat "with pluriics. Mrs. J. Allen," gown .of blue cloth striped -with blacx, witn vest of cremo lace ; black : toque with silver -applique and pluines. Mrs. Tt. Pliilp. gown of bronze shaded ombre silk, with ' green straw hat, ornamented -with wings. Mrs. Elkington, grey charmcuse, with oriental . shaded lace ; black hat with touches of silver and grey plumes. Mrs. J. G. Brown, black cloth with silk cm- bossed laco ; black chip liat with plumes. Mrs. M. Muir, " black fisher net over crepe ' de . chine ; black ; hat wi th chantiily lace and pink flowers.' .Mrs. C. W. Cham bers, black" and "White 'striped silk, braided with'", black soutache ; black and white toque,, with", crown .of point d'esprit and white ' plumes. - airs. Prentice, black rcsilda cloth made en tunic, with vest and panels of.. Saxony lace ; black satin hat with" choiix. of tulle. Miss Hayes, champagne .satin, striped coiienne, with vest" "oP gathered i Brussels net, defined' with' Venetian point"; toque of champagne straw, . with, -'coronet of sequined net,- \- finished' with lancer , ostrich plume. Mrs. Cadcll, < gown of sapphire blue velvet, with r jewelled ' oriental lace, and . silk embossed' lace.; . grey satin toque with grcv .wings. ."- .Mrs. J. Hiron, vieux rose cloth, . 'soutached in deeper tone, with vest of," crcme.net.; toque of champagne crin, with roScs ..in the same tone. Mrs. C). A. Arvler," ashes of roses yoilo, wiith panels, of applique- and guipure; black lace hat, wreathed with bebo roses, in shades pf ashes of .roses.. Mrs. J. Reid, bl'arik. ninon, '., .mounted- M<-pn . fc. -ivory ;; " 'charmcuse, - _ with x , iilack . pluhved toqub..-;..' . ' -" . ' "'The -President, in proposing "tho toast of the Governor', said ho was sure they would- join most heartily . in honouring it, particularly as his Excellency was accompanied by Lady . MapGregor and Miss MacGregor. (Applauset_)Thcy _wei- Corned and honoured Sir William Mac Gregor for a variety of reasons ; first, "because ho was the King':: representa tive, and, nextly, because of the splendid .work lie had done iu many .parts of the Empire, in the Pacific, in Africa, in . British. North Aniericau and now, at last, in the Commonwealth of Australia. They also honoured liini because his Excellency was .the patron ot their society,, which, " they thought, bad justified its. cl aims to nationality, and was doing distinctly good work for Queensland.- (App'iause.) Hi's Excellency would have seen in the show which he had opened within the last hour, evidence of tlio reriiarRahle variety of Queensland products. He would have seen evidence of the continued prosperity of all the principal producing industries of the State, and lie would have seen in the crowds which were assembled tile best ol all evidence's that, all was well with the people, and when all was well with, the people, lie (Sir Arthur Morgan), at least, was inclined to think that all "was well. (Annlause.) And that was why lie was welcoming his Excellency, the Governor of their . own State. Tic thought - they would permit him to associate with that welcome .a welcome to 'his Excellency the Governor of South Australia, Sir Day Bosanquct and L'ady Bosanquct, whom they were very pleased to sec with them, f Ap plause.) I-Ic should like also to extend an equally hearty welcome to visitors from tlm more remote parts of Queensland, and file adjoining States. He hoped the- latter would go away from Queensland convinced .that the State was progressing. (Applause.) They had heard, .they had often heard that Australia was a "drought ''stricken country. That had always .seemed to l:im a libel ' on their continent. (1-icar, liear.) lb was true that their oli mate was dry, hut to say Ithat /Australia was a drought- stricken; country was. surely going beyond the . bounds . br truth," ' And to disprove it liO'liad ; only to remind them that the natural . grasses1 of this vast continent supplied! sustenance to". 100,(00,000 oi sheep, 10,000,000. of horned cattle, and 2, 0(10, '000 of . horses,; and -..that their annual trop ' of pastoral produce was worth £51,000,000, that./ their agricul- ; lural industry was worth £11,000,000 a year— arid . that ; did not include their dairy products, which. . 'were worth. £13,000 ,<000 ,pcr /annum— that their total production .-.was! worth: £180,000,0(0 a .year; : equal ' 'to ; - more than £40 per head of ', the -population. (Applause.) To say such a country was." drought stricken was going far,- beyond the bounds of truth. '' (Applause.) To his knowledge, there, was no country within- the Em pire, lie doubted if there was any coun try in the" whole world, wet or dry, which would give a finer return ' for labour thau that " vigorous Stale of. Queensland. Australians might have leit undone many things that they ought to have done, lint he thought they had done a great" , deal in the century "that ..was behind , them., and what tliey (fid during that century was but an earnest of : the things they" would accomplish in the 'cen tury upon which they were just pow " ; entering. (Applause.) The toast .'was honoured enthusiastic ally, with /three cheers for his Excel- leacy. . \" / Sir William MacGregor, who was, re ceived with loud applause, thanked 1:1s audicnoe very- sincerely for their kindness and cordiality, and assured them tliat it was a very great pleasure for him to .he there. In less than half an hour, he said, would begin not only the greatest "parade . they - had ever seen in Queens land,, but,: he firmly believed, the -best parade. of horses, and cattle that any of . tiie'in. iliad e'ver 'seeri.. Consequently- his remarks . would have to be brief. He wiis glad to ka've that op portunity. of expressing' his very great 'pleasure at the evidences of intense lov- \- ally and affection manifested towards the ' new King and Queen on the occasion ot the recent . coronation celebrations in v Brisbane, (Applause.) The , heartiness . with which those celebrations, were car ried out idearl; indicated: the, genuineness and intensity of the loyal tv -and -devotion -ol 'the '.people, which it ailorded him the . greatest possible pleasure to report to His- Majosty, and also" the ". people's reali sation- ol their position in regard to the British Empire. He assured them that. next to the ceremony on the occasion of the coronation of the late Kine- Edward, the great combined divine service on those erounds in connection with the coronation of King George was the most impressive ceremonv he ever had participated in. It afforded him very great pleasure- To be present that dav on personal grounds. In attending that or any other agricultural t.iV/f."'' «"-/» A'.. i . show, he felt that Ihcv - were doing what their farmer King Would wish them to do in all. parts. of his Empire. King George was .."a":, most ' 'representative breeder of dairy stock in". riither;.- England or Scot land, aridMiad " travelled "as far as Inver ness and Aberdeen to attend the Royal Highland Agricultural . Society's shows. The other day .His Majesty was present at the Royal Agricultural show held at Norwich, at which be was one of the principal exhibitors. At Balmoral His Majesty bred - "Aberdeen-Angus dairy stock, and soinc -of these. -stock exhibited at Norwich, were brought all the wav from Aberdeen. Ilis Maiesty also was a breeder of Ayrshircs, Devons, Hcrefords, and Jerseys, which, he understood, were kept at the royal farms at Windsor. At Sandringham "also, His Majesty 'bred thoroughbred liorses. Upon one occasion, the present King -bad exhibited some of his fine : Shire horses at a Canadian show, and some day lie (Sir William- Mac Gregor), hoped son, c of; TTis-Majr csty's exhibits would find '.their wav to Australia. (Applause.) Notwithstanding many, criticisms which were levelled lit her, England still main tained supremacy in regard to matters pertaining to agriculture. The fact thaz visitors from Germany recently secured the first, third, and fourth prizes for jumping liorses in England, was explained by the fact, that these liorses came from / the Government stud at I-Ianovcr, and " were. ' the descendants of English thoroughbred .vires. (Loud applause.) Mr. Rider Haggard, in iris recent book on Denmark, showed that- Hie Danish., cows were -crossed witii . English ., shorthorn bulls. . Many people were very conservative in regard to their stock, "and they all knew .how jealously Spain had guarded her merino sheep, and to-day great difficulty was ex perienced in buying , good Arab horses (rom the Arabs. England, however, ap peared to work on different lines, the English breeder being willing to sell what ever his patrons were able to buy, be lieving that : lie. still could go ono better. (Applause.)-' He was pleased to; know ; tiiat the Queensland Government recently had imported some of England's thor oughbred stock, and he did not think they could do better in that direction.' Mr." Rider Haggard was very emphatic as to l what Denmark had dono in the realm ol . agricultural education. All classes of people there "took up this branch of study, at agricultural colleges, and State ex- pcririiental farms. So. universal was the practice of the study .of agriculture in | Denmark that no examinations were held, everj'bodv being expected to . be thoroughly acquainted "with the sub jects cpming . under that heading. Again, in that country, the nephew of the King, and of Queen Alexandra and King George of Greece, had taken up farming life, just as royal personages in other countries took up the army or navy. I-IC (his Excellency) was quite delighted to see wharf progress was being made in Queensland in regard to the study and practice .of agriculture. The day for the simple teaching of the three R's was past. They now must add a fourth R, indicating rural education. (Applause.) In' This way a largo number of students' would lie prepared for the fuller study of 'the subject ait the University. Sydney Univer sity now hail established a chair of agri culture, and Queensland could not afford to ho behind her sister State in that' re spect. Mr. Robert P. Christison, formerly of Lammermoor station, Queensland, but now resident in England, had offered £1,000 towards the object, with the pro mise of another £1,000 provided that the Government and people of Queensland at this coronation time made up the balance necessary to establish a chair of tropical and subtropical agriculture. (Applause.) Experts; who had inquired into the matter estimated that preliminary expenses would total £5,009, in addition" to which there would le an annual "outlay, of £3,500 for maintenance of the chair. " He seriously commended the project to them, in The hope that ere long the chair would ho established. Ho was exceedingly inter ested in the exhibits of dairy cattle this year. The .exhibits of Ayrshircs and Jer-" scys were particularly good. If spared to sco another show, he would offer a cup for competition in the dairy section, the details .of -which could be decided by the president, chairman, and members of the council of the association. (Loud "ap plause.) Sir Arthur Morgan, in proposing the toas't, "The Governor of South ' Austra- lia," said he was sure ho might, in the name of the company, give them' a verv hearty welcome to Queensland and the show. (Applause.) Ho could hope that the time was not far distant when instead oi their district exhibits, and in each of the States, tbey might. have at tho shows in each of the States, collections of exhibits representing riot districts, but States. (Hear, hear.) Why should not Queensland send a collection of exhibits, representa tive of her producing and manufacturing industries, to Adelaide one vcar, to Mel bourne the next year, and to Sydney the next year, expecting these States to send a similar collection to Brisbane in -its turn ? If they could send such exhibits, and with themi the representative of the. State, the Governor, he thought a very good deal would -be done, and he was- quite sure that Queensland would benefit very much by having an opportunity evcrv four years of showing what she could do in the "matter of production. (Heat, hear.) Perhaps that might vet take form, ho knew it had been discussed, but diffi culties in the way had so far prevented its realisation. They would be exceed ingly pleased to see a collection of ex hibits from South Australia, at Bowen Park, Brisbane— (hear, hear)— and lliev would be all the better pleased if- Sir Day and Lady Bosanquot accompanied it, and so again grace tho show with their presence. (Applause.) The Governor of South Australia, in responding, thanked the president very heartily for the very kindly words he had used in welcoming him and Lady Bosan- quet to tho city of Brisbane, and 'the hospitable board of that great society He was delighted to have the opportunity of meeting the mem bers and officers, and he ventured to oircr to them his sincere congratulations, upon the marked .excellence of all tho ex hibits and upon the admirable arrange ments for the organisation of the show. (Applause,) When he was .asked . by his Excellency their Governor to visit ' Bris bane, ; lie hastened to accept the invitation bocause ho remembered how. much he en joyed, in former years, his visits to Queensland. (I-Iear, hear.) . On one of the former occasions of his visiting . Queens land, . he -had-' the : pleasure of conveying his" Excellency from CookTown to Port Moresby in the ship he had the honour tlion to command, and on their arrival to. swear him in as Hie first Governor of New Guinea. (Applause.) That was tho best of very good- fortune for him, be cause the friendship lie .formed had, lie hoped he might say, been maintained, al though they had seldom met cacli other in ail the years that since had ' passed. (Applause.) He desired to congratulate — ho .was very proud to be able to con gratulate the society— upon the present prosperity of tho agricultural and . indus trial population of that great State. 1-Ic was sure That all the society's guests must join with him in the desire to ac knowledge the great and valuable work educational and practical," whicli had been done by the society, in- afl the districts throughout that important State, ("Ap plause.) His time was very short and ho would' offer to them his best wishes lor tho continuance of the prosperity anil success of the National' Agricultural and Industrial Association of Queensland. (Ap plause.) Mr. Frankel proposed "The Ministry.'.' For many , years tilcy had been fortunate in having progressive and iiboral Govern ments, who had had the real Interests of the pcoplo and the State herself at heart, and for the sake of all he sin cerely hoped that they would have a con tinuation of this happv condition of affaihs. (Applause.) I-Ie specially commended Hie .Government upon their -railway and im migration . policies, . which were resulting in the rapid extension of: the agricultural industries. -The association had hcen par ticularly fortunate In having at their back. so. liberal and sympathetic a Gov ernment as they now liad, and indeed trier had the' sympathies of both sides of the ITouso" In their- endeavours - to accomplish thoso "objects' which . were of a truly national character. , In coricluslon, lie complimented tile government upon their fino State- farm; exhibits, - and expressed the hope that ; the present Government would long remain; in power, and enjoy that success which they so ricliiv de served. (Applause.) \- Mr. Dcnhani, in reply, said it was o( course encouraging and stimulating to realise that the Government enjoyed the confidence ot tho community. : A fairly true - conception oi the problems o'f Queensland, he proceeded, with its mani fold interests and. great possibilities were almost oppressive. The problem was not how to develop a territory of dubious natural resources, but rather how as stewards of a great and grand posses sion, rich in timber, grasses, soil, and minerals, to .call into effectiveness all its great possibilities, and to render a good account. Queensland was -the land of many talents, the ten talents, and it was their business -to produce other ten talents. (Hear, hear.) Their prosperity, of course, was verv much conditioned by the rainfall, and just as other nations had to anticipate a tinio .when nature rested, such, as the. Canadian winter, they nwaited some such period," with equanimity, because they had vast resources, the con servation of whieh might make the dry periods correspond to the time of winter in the old land.. (Hear/ hear.) Having no great waterways, they liad to build railways, and it was well that the people of Queensland should realise just how much the railways were doing for the State. Queensland was in the proud position to-day of ' 'having a greater ; mileage of railways than any other State ' in Australia. (Applause.) There were, j open in Queensland to-day 4,032 miles ; before , the end of 1911 there would be 4, 233 miles. (Applause.) There were under' construction lines which would be completed before the end of 13 months, and whicli represented a .further mileage of 443 miles, so that by Decern, ber of next .year, they would have. up wards of 4,600' miles open and running and Parliament, realising now big a fac tor railways wore in. their development, had approved/of lines,; for tho construc tion of which active preparation was be ing made, representing another 1,659 n.ilcs. (Applause.) And. still the call was for railways' and ir.o'ro " . rail- ' ways. There were some who would counsel . them to halt. .But - why ? Was it not true that their railway:: were. , a big factor not ' merely in tho develop- j men I, of their resources, but were no I small clement in their annual revenue I accounts. Last year, on a capital ,cx- I penditure. of £25,898,841, their railways I earned, net, £4 10s. l.jd. per cent. (Ap- . plausc.) No longer were their railways a i burdep on the State; rattier were they a ' factor in their financial accounts, whilst under the Act of 190C-, no matter how manv railways were built, they could not become a bv- rilen on the State, be cause the districts through which they passed were responsible for an amount of 3 per : cent. , railway devclopirient only could be carried out by means of men and money. But tho British investor now found that there were many more avenues for investment than formerly, for such countries as China, Argentine, and other parts of the world formerly regarded . as uncertain, were sound financially. A vast sum also was required for armaments. Because of that, Australia was peculiarly interested in tho disarmament movement. (Hear, hear./ There was a great outcry for money in all the Australian States, but if they had to pay more than 31 per cent for . it, they would be seriously han dicapped. It would be necessary, " indeed, for them to halt. Ho was glad to be able to state that .the Agent-General was returning to tho State, and would dis cuss some of the problems of finance with the Government. Although they now had 4,000 miles of railway, they could spend much more in tills direction. They wanted at least 10,000 miles of railway. (Ap plause.) In fact, their progress was bound up -in railways. He wished that some of the big. men who controlled the money market in England could visit Queensland, ;and. see for themselves what splendid avenues for "investment thzre wero here. . He was sure that they would ad vise. their ' clients to operate more freely in this direction. (Applarise.) ' Queensland to-day was rejoicing in a time of great prosperity. ' In the country towns evi dences of this prosperity was very notice able, and in the, cities the ring of the- trowel and the, sound of tile hammer on all sides indicated that more warehouses and dwellings were required. The upper and lower reaches of the river also were filled with the leviathians of the deep, and on all sides were to be found the most convincing evidences of the vast re sources which were contributing to the present prosperity of the State. Ap plause.) He' congratulated Mr. Macdonald and his fellow councillors upon the splen did work done ' by them in the past, and which he hoped they would con- linuo to do for many years to .come. Each j succeeding year was surpassing its .immediate predeces sor, 'arid it was time that the tentative "tenure under which the present grounds wore held should be replaced' by some thing of a more permanent character, and . more commensurate with the work and ambitions of -the council. In a verv short time negotiations with the Accli matisation Society fo.r an additional area would be completed, and then they could discuss the details of the new tenure for the entire area— namely, that at present occupied by the association and the increased area as well. . The basis of the tenure, he thought, would be at least on a 30-vears' term at peppercorn rent, but he hoped that they would be able to discuss the question of, the creation of a trust, and trie investi ture of trie land on conditions which could be clearly defined. The council had proved their capacity to manage tho show, and it was , high time that the Government recognised the splendid work which they had been doing. It, there fore, would be a peculiar pleasure to him during' the next few months if he could be instrumental in cementing those in terests between the Government and the association, which were identical, and to assure the council that their position was one which could not easily be -dis- turbed. Tho people recognised the asso ciation, and the; Government must -re- 'spcct the people's ' endorsement. He again congratulated the council, upon the suc cess of their efforts, and expressed the hopo "that they would , go forward to even greater successes in the future. I (Loud applause.). \- The Mayor of Brisbane proposed, "The National Agricultural and Industrial Association." In these days it was re freshing, ho declared, to find at least one association which knew neither politics nor creed, but which was imbued with a true altruistic . spirit which re sulted in the promotion ot the true in terests of the State in which it existed. In the course of .the 30 vears of its life the association had passed through rcany vicissitudcs ; 'indeed, it -might bo said to have been reared in adversity. But thanks to tho energy and capability of the men who guided its destinies, it-was found on the firm footing on which it was to-day. Ono of its rutstanding uses was the nroviding of a . practical demon stration which revealed tho extent ot the progress of the State from year to year, and the affording of a means of com parison in the various industries em bodied by its annual show.s. (Applause.) Mr. Macdonald, in responding, expressed the council's - delight at welcoming Sir William MacGregor, and referred to his Exoellency's Keen interest in shows, especially country shows, even under con ditions which were not always quite comfortable. He also took the opportu nity of congratulating the Mayor on the Way in wliioh lie carried, out the corona tion celebrations, and expressed the sin cere hope that it would not be vcry long before they saw a gentleman like his worship elevated to the position of Lord Mayor of Brisbane. (Applause.) If he might be a little personal, he would like to say that it was the tenth time ho had .responded to that toast, anil he was glad to he able to say that during that time, each, year had shown a decided advance, both in the position and affairs of the National Association. (Applause.) Whilst it might not always be wise to refer to one's ancestors — Sir Gibson Oar- michael once said that two of his had been hanged, and richly deserved it, too — (laugliterj- thc, did nob thihk the National Association need be atraid, for they were proud of the work of their old members who made the show ground such a beautiful one, and they were try ing to carry on that good work. In every department this year, the show was "a , success, and whilst entry money had risen i from £902 to £1,020, Hie prize money j had . been increased by £450. (Applause.) Their exhibits pf primary products were very fine, and if tbey were fair samples, the country must also bo an exceedingly fine one. The association was the first to start district exhibits, and although the practice had been followed in every State, he believed that Queensland, by reason of her having the tropical and subtropical products, had never been sur passed. (Applause.) Their association now acted as the shop window o! Queeris- land, and it rested with their progressive Government to bring and force under the notice of other countries that the hulk . was equal to the Sample, and there was : room for millions of occupants in this fair land. "After . referring to some of the sections in detail, he said he was delighted to hear .fro-m the Premier that the Ministry liad such kindly feelings towards them. He thought that thsy should rreeivo a little more than an ordinary Tease of their grounds, because thoso who put £40,000 or £50,000 on to a piece of ground should really own it. (Applause.) In" conclusion, he thanked the president, the council, the Press, the honorary judges and stewards, and the secretary, for tho very fine work he had done. Mr.. Cadell, in acknowledging tlie com- pjiroent, said one of the greatest pleasures of his life was visiting Brisbane during the poriod of its beautiful winter climate and enjoying, along with' others, the kind ness and hospitality of the National' As- sociation. The present show was one of the best, and embraced the greatest variety of exhibits that one could wish to sco. He had visited most parts of tho civilised world, but lw never had seen a better show than that of the National Association. (Applause.) IJC felt bound also to express his appreciation of the gcECrosity of the Government in assisting the association in the manner in which they had, and if they only assisted tho association to secure the Acclimatisation Society's grounds, lie declared they would have absolutely the best show ground in the world. (Applause.) As tor the State herself, lie confidently predicted that, pro vided the seasons were propitious, sho would within the next 25 years become in all respects the leading State of the Com- monweaith. (Applause.1) The last toast was not included in the programme, but waq given on the initi ative of Sir William MacGregor, who asked those present to drink the health of tile president, with whom he bracketed the exhibitors, many of whom, he observed, were struggling farmers, to whom it meant much to spare the host out of their halt a dozeu cows, to help on tlie show. The toast was drunk, but tho time for tho luncheon hawing elapsed, and it being necessary to proceed ' at once to the show ground to view the grand parade, no tinio was left for a response The ring events will be found on page 