AGPJCULTUKE IN VICTORIA. seasonable topics. (By T. K. Dow.) Fawning andi hive Stoclc. Wliile the southern half of Vic Mpria.is enjoying a fairly good season, the rains have still been too light in tho inland section of tho State. The autumn growth of grass has generally failed to ap pear in the northern section, but there fs still hope that rains will come in tune lor the grain crop's. The week tvhens with the breakins tn- of the drought in Queensland and the expec tation that the rains will extend to nor thern Victoria. A special reporter From one of the metropolitan papers ha* Visited the Wimmera districts., mallee, and jound the picture 'not so black 0.9 it was painted.' and mention lias already been Jaade in these letters of the method by Jphich this black painting of the situation is carried on. The painting is still con tinued, for in recent -7no\vs' tihe fact that In overstocked fanner has had to kill 196 Jambs is made to indicate a disaster throughout an extensive area, wliile the appearance of some wild ducks in a swamp near the coast is mentioned under a suit able headline as indicating a drought ov-;r as extensive a region as the imagination of the reader, may suggest. Meanwhile there is an increase in the butter production which does not receive such prominent no tice. Tho balance-sheet of the third of the co- operutivj butter-selling companies shows, like those of the two others for jiierly 'mentioned, a prosperous and expand ing business for the past season. Refer ring to a previous iinnoivhcemsnt that the Government had allowed the fear of a, bad nenson to cramp its immigration policy, it is now observed that the Minister in ehavge lias returned from a trip to Rive riria and lie has in consequence furthar warned the London officials not to send any more farm laborers 'until the rain ooi'no.*.' All the emigrants, however, who hav(.' arrived have quickly found employ ment, and the Slate revenue will close the financial year with a (surplus and a re tord total. A Defective Fanning System. A serious defect in the Victorian sys tem of agriculture is revealed, by the effect of the present dry season. Under a wise system the farm provides a sufficient sup ply of feed for the live stock in the first place, and in the second place it produces trtiin, hay, or animal products for market! but the 'farming of t'his State hjjsi been influenced too much by the original pas toral industry .1 Its live stock department is not a department of farming at all, but rather a branch of the grazing system. There is one class of farm live stock, how ever, that has largely escaped this re version to a pastoral basis, viz., horses. It is generally recognised that horses, even if not working, should 'je fed upon farm produce. When a farmer gives his horse« nuts or hay chaff the local correspondent of (he metropolitan press does not, telegraph Bn alarming report of a disastrous stuto of tilings, in which 'hand feeding has been resorted to.'. It is only wfhen a cloven-footed animal fails .to find all the food it requires without trenching upon even the waste products of-eultivation that scare headlines are used in publishing so extraordinary a fact. When we remem ber that every sheep, cow, and bullock in the United States and Canada lias to Jje 'hand fed' for some time every year it will be recognised that not only in the old countries, (but also in the new, farming provides feed for live stock, and that in failing in to do so our system comes short *f an important essential. Selling and Exporting Stock Feed, four or live year? ago we had a good ,»'ason wit'h a bountiful harvest, but the autumn rains were de'ftcient a«d hay went up to a high price, glairy men who call themselves 'farmers,' and dairy farmers at that, sold their hay,' for they believed that the rains would yet ?r.ome in time to bring ui- the grass. We lost 100,000 dairy cows that year, about half of them being bought ;or a trifle and taken to New South Wales, while the remainder died of starvation. It may be hoped that few dairy farmers have soldi 'hay this season,- but it is certain that considerable numbers have provided in sufficient feed for t'hofr herds, and that h,«, -n^n+o.. will «Pf snmo losses of valuatoJo cattle. As Jong as such a condition ol things exists it is folly to point to butter factories and high prices for dairy produce as proofs of an advanced eystenn of dairy fanning. 'A few years ago hay and oats were -Jo:nparatively cheap, and a deputa tion waited upon the Government to have the Agent-General instructed] in what was apparently considered a forward move ment. He was to open up a market in Denmark for Victorian cow feed, viz., oats and Chaff. The idea of growing cheap cow feed for our Danish rivals in tihe but ter market seemed to commend/ jtself both to the deputation and the Minister, and steps were taken accordingly. If the market lias not been opened up it has been because oats and chaff have become dear, and not because we have 'resorted to using the feedi for our own cows. Farm Produce for Cattle and Sheep. Tho writer has for many years been a reader of agricultural journals published in America, but he cannot recall a single article advocating the feeding of live stock, The explanation is obvious. There is no need of such advocacy, for every one who keeps live stock lEeeds them as a matter vof course. Every Aperican journal deals with the kinds' of feed and the methods of feeding, but in this country so much space has t obe demoted to the advocacy provid ing some kind of feed that little attention can be given to the respecive merits of tfhe different feeding stuffs. 'Wheat is the cheapest, feed for sheep,' says a man m nonthevn Victoria. '1 give them about 1 lb. eacli per day, and although they have no grass, they are kept in good condition, and it is cheaper than hay, chaff, oats, or straw and molasses. It is also cheaper than paying for grass and the expenses of sending tihe sheep away for agistment. He tells of a neighbor who has some gra.-fi and who bv using \ lb. per day expects to carrv his flock through until more grass grows Here is a department of knowledge to which little attention lias been given by Government experts, qr other agricultural instructors, for the rea son already mentioned; but it is obvious tha.t the ptoekowner ought to know how much of ea«h available feed is required to maintain each animal, the cost per pound of each food (not per bushel), and what loss In railway and other charges, by deaths and deterioration, are involved in sending away for agiatment. A valuable addition to this knowledge would be the cost of providing a reserve supply of stock feed upon the farm. 