AGRICULTURAL N0TE8. A beginning of the break up of the dry autumn may now be dated from Satur day last. For the past .threes weeks, the coastal rainfalls have been steadily extend ing a little further iriland, and now- the borders of the interior districts have just hpnri touched. The hone is that this, will further extend, and with not -too much los.3 of time. The situation inland, in all the States is increasing in severity, partieularly as regards stock, also .: domestic water supply. In some localities the. time taken up in water carting is delaying the preparation of the land for crop ping. What is wanted is a good gene ral fall of not ; less than three, inches thiQughciut "the . interior districts all over Australia, one State in this respect not being better off than another, excepting in degree. Now that, the cold weather lias set in> the situation with regard to the stock cannot/ unfortunately, be very much -improved1 immediately, -even when the rain coincs, but not yet too late, for cropping. A now movtQ'TyirjY, tra- duction of; country distiics llfjt aijeimow. suil'eimgl bo much. for waijtof tfanJifioili fa6i!i||cs. ljho first iests arc "Qaking place in Noi'Pi'tijfps- land. At Orbosfctkisi ' )vcek.T't?luJp(ndc, representative of toSajqienMtr Com pany. attended a meetins: of farmers of -the district to consider the advisability of installing a motor train, consisting of an 'engine and three carriages, to run between Orbo3t and Nowa Nowa, at the head o£ Lake Tyers, for the purpose of enabling farmers to transport their produce to mar ket. 'In order to help the residents to get their 'maize to town, Mr. Burnsido. is- in specting' the East Gippsland' roads tc see if a motor train could be run to assist the farmers while the railway line is being built. Tlie Government announces a policy of runriing motor trains in the mountainous districts, and utilise them as feeders of the present railways. The Government would buy trains to cost £2065 complete- arid charge the farmers with ;.the cost of haulage, which/ had . been . roughly .worlced, out at- lid. per, mile- per ton.;. The necessary steps, would be.- taken - with the Daimler, company to have a trial on the road within three months. This move on the .part of the Government has been cordially re ceived at Orbost, as many, farmers have three years' crops on hand, and others, unable to get their maize away, have been feeding it to pigs, while many hun dred bags have Keen destroyed by weevil. Pictures of this new invention appear among "The Leader"- illustrations., this week. ' The extraordinary advances being made in Great Britain in connection with the manufacture of margarine are sufficiently serious to . .threaten - the whole butter in dustry. Some highly interesting remarks ori tliis topic were criibodied in an ad dress delivered by Mr. A. j. Wyatt, ' of the Gijppsland and Western Butter Fac tory Co-operative Company, at. ,tho annual conference of the Butter Factory Man agers' Association. Mr. Wyatt has just returned to Victoria after having spent some years in London, as special repre sentative ; of his company, and in describ ing . the conditions of the trade at that end lie dealt particularly With the com- petitiori of margarine, lie said tlie high price of butter had created a demand by the spublic for something cheap'" , and the best class of shops was now openly ad vertising margarine and .displaying it in the shop windows. Chemists were engaged in producing cultures to give the flavor of various classes of butter to margarine, and so far had this . .branch of science been developed that margarine . could be pro duced at will witn tlie_havor of Australian, New Zealand or Danish butter, and this could be Sold at half the price of the genu ine article. . Efforts had been made to se cure legislation to prevent the production of margarine in such a form as to resemble butter, but up to ,..e present nothing had been accomplished. With the use of nut oils margarine has been greatly, improved and unless some restrictive legislation were passed the 1 competition with butter threatened to become serious. While Victorian lassitude in connection with finding land for a continually increas ing number of applicants, both local and immigrant, New South Wales is active in taking steps for a Trans- Murray overflow. The Minister, of Lands, of that State , is preparing land for settlement in the cen tral and western divisions, principally in tlie north- west corner, near Walgett, where settlement on small areas can he effected. The Minister announces that "in all re sumptions the fullest consideration for vested interests will be given, and the prices at which lands can be resumed witl be fixed on equitable principles. The mal ice country will he dealt with as a separate proposition. A good deal of it. is practi cally unoccupied, and where it is under lease pastoralists would gladly part with it for nominal compensation. Along the Mur- ray frontage "resumptions were bound to' be made for wheat growing areas. There is absolutely no doubt that closer settle ment in the west was bound up in irriga tion and occupation of the mnllec lands by wheat farmers. \Yncn Parliament mot ho hoped to get the neccssury authority for the establishment of an irrigation settle ment at Golgol, opposite Mildiira. He be lieved that for the expenditure of £50,0011 or £60,000 tlicy could create another Mil- dura capable of supporting 10,000 people." Parliament is to be asked to so amend the Closer Settlement Act as to mako "an important change in the method of acquir ing land i» the irrigation areas. Tlio Pre mier Stated, in explaining the' attitude taken by the Cabinet, that the Water Commission and the Closer ' Settlement Hoard did not always see eye to eye regard ing the value of lund proposed to be purchased or its suitability for irriga tion. Although the Government had Qcen anxious to avoid a duplication of purchas ing authority, it' was proposed that the Houses should be asked to give the Gover- nor in Council power to define the irrig able and the non-irrigable areas of the State. In the irrigable areas the Water Commission would deal with the resump tion, subdivision and management of estates required for irrigation. The com mission would have control in the same way of the lands already acquired for irrigation, and the Closer Settlement Board would exercise its existing powers in the non-irrigable areas.. Mr. M'Kcnzie, Min ister of Lands, submitted a proposal that tho board be . authorised to pur chase at given prices 24,000 . acres of land in tho northern part of the State, to be settled under irrigation conditions. Tlie recommendation was agreed, to. Touching the scheme for the distribution of pure milk, it cannot be said that the municipal bodies are hurrying it forward with und.ue. haste. A slight possibility ex ists that all the municipal councils may have completed consideration' by the. next summer of the scheme for tlie supply of pure milk submitted to them by the municipal cdnferoiicc several months ago. Whether the. scheme is worthy of accep tance or not there can be but little excuse for several of the councils in delaying their decisions upon it, and in communicating with the secretary of the conference. In the meantime, the conference is unable to meet to come to any decision and present its recommendations to the Government. I he councils; were asked to determine on the advisability or otherwise of appointing hoards to control the milk supply of tho metropolis and the principal country cen- tres. The: scheme of the conference dif fered from the proposal of the Health de partment, which was for the establishment of municipal depots. The attitude of the councils towards the, scheme is shown, in the following list:-In favor— Ballarat, Col- Imgwood, Essendon, Fitzroy, Gcoloug, Moorabbm and Preston. Object— Caulficld, Loburg,. Hew and Itichmond. No action ''tovbC''.talcon-T-Bungafec/''Cambcrwell; Haw--/ thorn Heidelberg; Oaldeigh and Sebasto- pol. Under consideration— Ballarat East. Bendigo, Footscray, Geelong West, North- cote, lort Melbourne and Williamstowfi, bcheme received-Brighton, Brunswick'and Nunawading. No reply-Melbourne and Eagleba wk. , -.. llie question of woolpacks in relation- lo vegetable fibre in wool, is annually effect ing an increasing number of settlers, owing to the extension of < sheep keeping to the farms in combination with tillage. At ail important conference of wool growers from Australia and other countries held in Lon don at the latter end of April, a discus sion took place on the relative merits ol pucks made- from paper (in which great progress is being made as to efficiency) and me improved jute packs. It was pointed out that it was hardly possible to make any satisfactory progress amongst the growers .. uiii'css tho buyer would share in i-nc extra cost of the pack. They took the view, that this matter -would be settled unco and for all if t.be trade would BUbmit to a charge for woolpacks, especially as the buyer had the option of regulating the price .of the raw material. It was decided to. accept the suggestion of the French topinners' Association .to hold another inter national conference, / to which all sections of the trade are to; bo invited. it was"' also decided, following the interest that is .being taken in the Question . by 'the' makers' of ... woolpacks, to ask the maker's to send1 'specimen pacirs to be exhibited in Loudon during the early days of the next- wool sale, representing the latest improvements arid tlie lowest prices at' which packs can oe sold. it is intended that the exhibition1 should take place in one oi the wool witre;' houses during the July scries, in. order to get the opinion of buyers and consumers./ Some large specimen posters were exhibit- ed, which have been prepared, showing pat terns of the cloth and fibre and the damage which is done by the presence of , vegetable ' matter in raw wool, it is intended to have these large posters placed in strong eard- boad and sent out to the various wool growing centres. A proposal submitted by Mr. Graham, -Minister, of Agriculture, with' respect to the finances of the Royal "Agricultural So ciety, was dealt with at a recent meeting . of the Cabinet. Tlie society is faced with the necessity of carrying , out large extensions at its grounds to improve the accommodation for the Royal show, and a bill will be introduced to increase its bor rowing powers, and give it authority to charge fojr admission to entertainments to' be held on the ground. The Government , will also assist the society' with '-a' small subsidy— the first over granted to it, tho. I remier remarked, although its work was ot great national importance. The grant would ewer portion of the annual interest charge involved in heavy new expendi ture. 