? ?? '-.rui A-CrBB-i'l-lB«au: ?. :.. .puiaii.P. .last sprihg^'a disease - ap pearcd in a aunitfer' of grass pad', docks in the fetewartVs River ^and Manning Rjver districts. The disease' appeared'lin all grasses and clover, excepting pasnalum, and showed itself iu small circular patchee extending from a. few inches to a foot or so in diameter here and there, throughout the paddocks. Early in December last, Mr. G. Marks, District In spector of Agriculture, upon having his attention directed to it, collected some specimens, -and had them for warded to the Agricultural Depart meutlpr identification. Mr. Marks h^sfftice ?.received' 'tlie following ?^ply'irom-tJie '. Bureau of.1 Micro biology':— ''The%rass is overgrown witUfE3as tuyxotnyceti Physaruui ciuereum ,: This organism produces a' jelly-like, flowing slowdy-moviug mass of variable form. It creeps over herbage, ascending the stems, covering them with a brownish layer iu which, numerous thin white flaps of -halk are . visible. loiter vsjai^mbers of round violet spores are prd^uced. ' As^the fungus in, its growth may do harm to the plants over which it travels, -its destruction is desirable, and where possible burning is suggested ss the most hopeful remedy. The effects upon st6fik of eating the fungus are' not known with certainty.' This is evidently the first time that this disease has shown itself at any rate in auy -quantity, and the above steroid be of interest to all.' farmers and dairymen, says'.tne -'M.R. Times.' 'J .. The -Empress Marie of Russia gave the pblice'officials. at Copen lagen a. shock recently by disappear- x ing, and then returning home iu an 6r.diaaryjta^cab. She is reported fe We. 4one. ii to . show that the IxpettslveLjJct^gfiarH of picked Danish and JRussiau police that 'is expected to protect her every movement is worthless.- For years the two Governments have supplied their guard whenever she went to Denmark, ?and now that she has determined to' make her native land her home almost permanently, there has been public protest against the expense. The news papers took up the matter, and iu this way the Empress Maria heard about it. She, too, had long op posed this close espionage,, as being unnecessary, aud decided1 upon a sensational demonstration. With a lady-in-waiting, she left her winter home by a side entrance, called a passing cab, aud was driven to the studio of a favourite artist, where she remained several ' hours in specting the pictures. There ,was inquiry for her at the palace, and when she could not be found the guard was thrown into t'ie utmost excitement. Iu tbe midst of all the fuss the Empress Marie re turned. It is reported that the Govern ment has requested the Trades and Labour Council to nominate a delegate to proceed to England to act on behalf of the Labour Government as immigration agent. 