LORD DUDLEY ON AUSTRALIA. The cabled summary of Lord Dudley's paper, as read by him at the Royal Colonial Institute, is interesting, as estimates of us by intelligent observers always are, It is satisfactory, moreover, to know that in Lord Dudley Australia possesses one more ex-Governor available to serve her well in London. Lord ' Dudley, too, is not afraid to state his opinions openly, even though he knows that some of them will not be widely shared by Australians. Frank criticism, however, is the sort of criticism we like best after all. And apart from it, there is much, as will be seen, in which we shall have the hearty co-operation of the ex-Governor-General. His remarks concerning "White Australia" will be especially valuable in places where the conflict of that policy with Empire responsibilities is gloomily regarded, while as to the need both for immigration itself and' its due handling, Unit really goes without saying. It is possible to join issue legitimately with him, IIOAA' ever, on his argument against the State Parliaments. On a population basis there is obviously no need for fourteen Legislative Chambers. But the State Parliaments, like the States them-' selves, were not instituted on a population , basis, but on a territorial basis. Vast areas, the necessity for geographical divil a sions, the varying problems lil each, of cli ! mate, of industry, of development in gene- ral these were the factors that made seven State Legislatures imperative, even when their combined bulk of population was only a fractional part of its present total. Those factors persist, despite the Federation. Our Federal Constitution can do many things, but it cannot ' produce identical conditions of life in seven vast territories. Hence the necessity still for the individual government of those territories. The lack of population might really be used as an argument for the separate State Legislatures. inadequately peopled, they need the more careful and direct government. Amply filled with human life and energy, their common interest would more readily be served by a common direction. Agriculture In renmark The eleventh of the series of articles dealing with agriculture in Denmark from our special representative appears in this issue in our On the Land columns The enormous expansion of the bacon industry which last year distributed £4 000 000 among shareholders of co-operative factories is dealt with There is a lesson for our farmers in the fact that the Danish farmer recognises that it is his business to find out what the consumer wants and supply him with it and not to endeavour to force his ideas on the customer The fact that swine fever has been eradicated is another significant item and the legal restrictions regarding the handling of skim milk are worth nothing Income Tas In accordance with the terms of the Amended Income Tax Act or the Al Gow on Government every person In New South Wales whose gross income from January 1 to December 31 181 exceeded £100 must furnish a return to the Commissioners of Taxation For ms are obtainable at any post office customs house railway station police office and the office of any Clerk of Petty Sessions in New South Wales at the Stamp Duties office in Phillip street or at the Taxation office in Lower George street The returns must be sent in I not later than February 10 and it sent through the past they must be landed at letter rates Hitherto income derived from land subject to find tax or shire or municipal tax was ex e nips from assessment but under the Act passed last month income derived from rents from grazing and farming of every descrip (ion, and from the use. ownership, or cultiva- tion of all classes of land is subject to assess-' . ment. In many cases business firms find it inconvenient to balance at the end of Decembcr and to meet these cases the Taxation Commissioners accept the nearest balance to December 31, provided it covers a full year's business. Deductions that may be claimed by taxpayers include life insurance premiums, and £60 for each child of taxpayer who is wholly maintained by him, and who at the commencement of this year was under the age of 18 years. The original proposal of the Government was to allow a deduction of £30 in re- spect of each child under 16, but Parliament finally approved the proposal in this form: "There shall be a deduction of £50 for each child wholly maintained by him (the taxpayer), and who at the commencement at the year in respect of which tax is levied is under the age of 18 years." Workmen's Cottage Scheme. Mr. Dacey's scheme for the building of workmen's cottages at Kensington has been the cause of a good deal of adverse criticism by miners on the South Coast, writes a correspondent. A promise was given some twelve - months ago by visiting Ministers of the present Government that something on similar lines would be carried out for the benefit of the workmen employed in the Clifton end of the district, who were compelled to either live in huts or travel by train to towns as far south as Wollongong 12 miles distant to secure house accommodation. As nothing further has been heard of the matter, the miners consider that It would have been a preferable policy on the part of the Ministers concerned to have given a straight-out refusal rather than to raise hopes for which there was evidently no justification. The men are, therefore, anything but favourably impressed with the proposal to drop them in preference to a scheme nearer the city-the need for which, they contend, there is no justification as compared with existing conditions on the South Coast. Portrait of Mme. Melba There is now on view at the Fine Arts Society, Bligh- street, a fine pastel portrait of Mme. Melba, painted by Miss Florence Rodway. The diva was much taken with this artist's work, purchased her portrait study "Pepita" to add to her private gallery, and finally, as soon as the opera season had closed, gave the fortunate artist several sittings. The result is a profile portrait remarkable as a vivid likeness of the great singer as she is known in social life, | the brilliant sparkle of the brown eye, the i "foreign" glow of colour on the check, and the contour of the clearly-cut features all being happily reproduced. The quiet colour scheme, which shows a grey silk scarf over the black evening gown, and a yellow riband round the dark. hair, Is especially harmonious, and the whole will equally please artists and the general public. The Melba portrait will be on view for a week or two. A Spot Tabooed The abattoirs at Glebe Island have been a perennial source of complaint. Residents of Drummoyne have now, entered the list of complainants. It is not contended that the odours from the island are carried as far as the attractive suburb mentioned, but many of the trams running to and from Drummoyne go by way of Glebe Island, and the passengers who travel by them are unanimous as to the shock their olfactory sense experiences as they pass the abattoirs. The complaints were regarded as of sufficient importance to be brought before the local council, who decided to make formal representations by letter to the Board of Health. This was done in due course, but the board, according to statements made at the council meeting on Tuesday night, has ignored the communication. Indignation was expressed at the board's silence, and it was decided that, unless relief was afforded soon, a deputation should wait upon the Chief Secretary. In the meantime many of the Drummoyne people refuse to travel by the trams passing across the island. Music in the Parks Some of '' ? city alder- men have expressed the view, which is, however not shared by all, that the City Council might go much farther than it has done in the matter of providing music in the parks, The health and bylaws committee of the council, which has control of the parks, had the matter under consideration yesterday, and decided to recommend that the council approve of an advance of £500 for band performances. Increased Demand for Milk. The growing population of Sydney and suburbs and the general rise in wages have been responsible for a great increase in the consumption of' milk. A leading city milk company manager points out that under existing conditions families who were only able to purchase a pennyworth of milk some time ago now buy it by the quart. The consequence is there is a demand for every drop of milk that can be secured from the South Coast and other centres. The farmers have been given a rise for their product, and under ordinary circumstances with the present dry season there would have been many stop days; but as it is every day's milk is taken to meet the city demand. The supply at present comes from as far south as Kiama, but this year it is intended to extend operations to Bomaderry, the terminus of the line, where the milk will be pasteurised before being despatched to the metropolis. Surf-bathing Resorts correspondent writes-We a result of the popularity of surf-bathing the beaches of the South Coast have within the last couple of years jumped from practical obscurity to the most attractive centres imaginable. At Wollongong, Thirroul, Austinmer, Stanwell Park, and Kiama land values have increased wonderfully, and owing to the great influx of visitors hotels, boarding-housekeeper, and business people generally are having exceptionally busy times. As a result of the extraordinary rush during the holidays the train service was severely taxed." Railway Thieves.-"Paterfamilias" writes: -"Your paragraph Pilfering on the Railways reminds me that I can speak feelingly, and with experience, on the subject. We have two boys on the land, some distance from Sydney. I may add that we had some difficulty in establishing them there, but usual pinching and saving to give the boys a start in life was light compared to the wrench of parting with them. The last was their first Christmas away from home, and we thought] out a surprise for them. This was a portly box loaded with Christmas provender, such as ham, plum pudding, and cakes -alone. We pinned to the bar a few loving remarks from father and mother, wishes and as" co-re- marks we hoped would have gone a long way to cement the filial love In the boys, but the goods went the wrong way. We have traced them to the railway, but not an inch further. Not being apprised of the transit of this good ' cheer-though they expected something-the boys had a glum Christmas, and concluded their parents had quite forgotten them, which was worse than salted beef and bread. There may be satisfaction in the reflection that somebody connected wit the :: says benefited by our thoughtfulness and lavish expenditure, and had a good time at our expense. Let us hope the injunctions contained in the note attached to the portly ham will have, after all, been of some moral value to the thieves." A Crow from Staffordshire Last week Messrs. Morley Johnson, Ltd., unpacked a case from Staffordshire, and found amongst the merchandise a card, on which were the words: "S F. Barnes, the famous bowler, is coming Australia to swipe the ground with Trumper and C. Hill and all your famous batsmen. Signed: A Staffordshire Man and a Big Sup- porter." How wrongly the man from the county of crockery sized up the situation is now history, but there is still more to be written. Whereas Barnes in the first test match did not secure either Trumper's or Hill's wickets In either innings; he captured Hill's In both innings in the second-the first clean bowled and the second caught by Smith off his bowling. In Trumper's first innings Barnes could not beat the Australian, but in the second (he Staffordshire man bowled him in the two test matches Barnes has taken 12 wickets at a cost of 319 runs, but Foster has! the better average of H wickets at a cost of 340 runs. The crew, therefore, up to date belongs to Warwickshire The Price of a Shaves considerable time ago the master hairdressers desired to increase the price of shaving and haircutting. but all ! attempts to carry out the proposal have so far led to failure, on account of the fact that the hairdressers are not solidly organised A A proposal was made last year to get over this difficulty. It was suggested that the Industrial Court should be used for the purpose, and a board be appointed to fix the rates for shaving and haircutting, the public being cited as respondents. This proposal proved to be impossible. However, the master hairdressers have now enlisted the support of the-Hair- dressers and Wigmakers' Union, and a conference is to be held to devise means for bringing a new scale into existence; The members of the union complain that the present wages paid are not fair remunera- tion for the work, and that the hours worked are excessive. The hairdressers, on the other hand, maintain that under the present charges it is impossible to give better conditions Under an increased tariff, therefore, the employees will have a claim to better treatment as to hours and wages. It is now certain that an attempt will be made to introduce a new tariff for barbers' saloons at an early date. The Citizens' Trousers How far the Local Government Act provides for a municipal- ity's responsibilities so far as its citizens' trousers are concerned is not clear, but this interesting point was debated at the Waverley Council meeting on Tuesday night. The matter was introduced "by a recommendation from the works committee that the claim of a certain gentleman in respect of the cost of a pair of trousers damaged through a fall In one of the streets be not upheld. This roused a wave of interest among aldermen, and it was elicited that the owner of the trousers had fallen owing to his toe catching on a piece of asphalt which had lifted from the surrounding level. If municipal legislation provided for exigencies of this kind the drapery bill, one alderman remarked, would be indeed heavy, and possibly an extra farthing or so in the £ would have to be struck to meet It. As the framers of the Act had not foreseen such emergencies the gentleman with the torn trousers will be only entitled to the sympathy of the council. Disposal of Garbage Trifles light as air, such, as feathers, have a way sometimes of being disconcerting, and a correspondent gives a case in point. He writes that on Thursday morning surfers at Manly were almost smothered with refuse brought in by the tide, in the shape of kitchen garbage and feathers, and, judging by the quantity of the latter, all the covering plucked from the Christmas poultry must have found its way to the beach at South Steyne. It frequently happens, he adds, that large quantities of refuse are washed upon the beach, much to the disgust of surfers and others, and It is time, in his opinion, the authorities took care to enforce the disposal of Sydney's rubbish in such a way as to prevent a repetition of this week's events. How far, he asks, are the barges supposed to go to sea, and are they always taken the prescribed distance? Many people are beginning to doubt, and hope steps will be taken to properly dispose of rubbish in future. Could not feathers and other light material, the correspondent suggests, be burnt, and thus save further trouble. 