THE DAIRY AND THE DAIRY FARM. MALENY BUTTER FACTORY. A STANDARD FOR DAIRY COWS. As previously announced, the Maleny Butter Factory was formally declared open last week by his Excellency the Governor. Air. \V. ft. Anlin (ciidinnan of directors) e\pre.-.-<:d a Juaity ap|>reciat:on of the kindnc fl of "his KxeelKney in coming to open tlie l.utory. The first selection in the di.-tiicl \u< taken up tome 40 ycara ago by Mr. .1. Mncarthy, and h's example was qu.ckiy followo-l by others. He wa« the fn-st to start dairying, and w still dairying, and enn of the ia:go*-t suppliers to the lnctoty. (Applarre.) in 1 l;c early days lnitter and c)u c c were 1 aiui-inad-. but eight or nine years ago a movement was started \>y .Me^is. A. .1. Thytuu-, T. «.'. Dickson, end others, to establish a factory. and it was successful. For the first rix months the output was only a little over half a ton a week, nevertheless the fa— tory paid~ full prices, and had a little surplus at tlic end. In the early <la>3 Mr. SUerman was manager, butter worker, and everything e!sc. and the pucicps was di'« lo 'liin. lApplaus-e ) The factory had not been running three years before they tound the "supply was osertnking its cap- Kicity. Tj.ey then gave Mr. Sherman cat to blanclie to erect a new factory, and thi present structure was the result. The cost would make a hole in i'7ooo, and it was lapable of dealing with five time? the present output He would ask hia Excellency to open the factory. (Ap plause.) Sir William Mac-Grepor paid lip had regarded it ns a duty to tome there, and it had liaen a very great pleasure. He bad wished to see somethiug of the Black* oil and tUa BlaekaU people. To-day he ;had *een something, and tomorrow and ) next day he hoped 1.) soe more. (Aj; . The first thin^ that stiuck him wua the country- it was simply \ uii'Ttnificent. Perhaps it struck him piir \ ticnlarly because he wa<? also v Highlander. he looled on them as the Highlanders '^fl^of Queensland. (Applause.) The next quesli(,n was that of grasses. He had seen paspulmii in other countries, but never v any thins better than here. (Applause.) Tie had also seen one of the finest planta tions of Scotch thistles one could wish for. (Laughter.) They were an indica tion ot good soil. (Hour, hear.) He had been told that several other grasses did well, including rye grass. Well, he hat! not seen any jjood rye grass, but he had noticed that couch and Uhodes wrasse* did exceedingly well. The next point w.i.s the cows. | A Voice : "Tliey are the !ie*t in the world.") He would disagree with that statement—if they would permit him to say so. It had been said in Holy Writ that the land was flowing with milk and honey, but if Moses had come here he would have said it was a land of bread and butter. (Hear hear.) He had seen ( some fine cattle belonging to Mr. Cook at Maryborough show. He would like( to mention that the Governor's Cup at < the National Exhibition this year would < be given for the best Ayrshire cow, and < Mr. John Cameron was giving a cup for I the best Jersey cow. He hoped to get I another for the best Shorthorn. He was I not trying to engineer a cup lor the best i INawarra cow, because up to the last show j he had thought the breed was a cross of ( the Shorthorn and Illawarra. He had{ been informed, however, by a gentleman | who had been one of the firet to breed { Illawarras that they were a special strain j of Shorthorns. He hoped to see a cup | for them one day. (Hear, hear.) In | Denmark the average yield of milk was, SOO gallons per cow, while the average | yield for Australia was given as 250 gal- ( lone, and for Queensland 210 gallons. The ( Denmark cow therefore gave four times ac ( much as the Australian. In Germany, the, yield was 520 gallons per cow, or twice, the average of Australia. How did they ( explain the difference '' It was said by, the Danes that it was due to selection., The British had the best beef catUe in, the world, but the Danish cattle were better for milk. There were some people who wore very much perplexed to find a cross which would give a lot of milk and a lot of beef—a dual purpose cow. Whether such could be done or not, re mained to be seen. The Danes wore satisfied with butter, and every two weeks tested their cows, reject ing any that did not come up to the standard. It wai high time we began a system of selection here. It would mean a lot of trouble, but he was perfectly sure they would not mind that. (Hear, hear.) lie had seen a goo 3 few factories like that they were in. and could say that it was not only up-to-date, but had just got a little bit ahead. (Hear, hear.) The THE BUTTER FACTORY AT MALENY, NORTH COAST LINE. Showing the extension which was opened last week. (J. Lowenthal photo. DAIRY (ATTT.E IX THE SHADE ON ADAVIL.I.E, TEUTOBERG. "DLACKALL RANGEJ, AMKRJCAS RF.ST AYRSHIRE COW. The pftoat display of th?> Ayrshire breed at the 1911 national tiair.y show in Chicago emphasises the increasinp: interest in this breed. Oldhall l^adysuiith. the champion cow pictured above, is owned by Ryanogue farms of Xew York. THE BULL. THAT HEADED THE AYRSHIRES AT CHICAGO. The splendid imported aged Ayrshire bull, Beucban Peter Pan, was first in his class and grand champion at the National Dairy Show, Chicago. He is owned by Willowmoor farms of King County, Washington, A CHAMPION SHORTHORN COW. KEEPSAKE. ON THE BUACKALL RANGE. chairman had told them that some of the ideas for the factory had been obtained from New Bouth Wales, but he thought , Borne had originated in the brain of the < manager, and he did not think he could i pay bim a higher compliment. (Applause.) After dealing briefly with the part bacteria play in butter niuulng, hi* Excellency Baid it had been one of his desires to hav? ft chair of agriculture c tablished at the < University that could deal with ds< area l of stock, and also diseases of milk and butter. (Applause.) At the dairy show : at Islington, England, last September, he : noticed Maleny had taken fifth i/lncc for fresh butter. Out of GO points for flavour they had got 59, and had t bio red iu!l ; punt* lot texture aud co'or.r. But for packing they had got nothing. It was very arnoymg, for on the points of greatest value they wore easily iirst, He hoped they would pay attention to the packing, and so get first next show for fresh butter ; if they did not he would be disappointed. He offered his heartiest congratulations on what they had accom plished. Anyhow, the first and 6econd prizes had been won by Queensland fac tories, which showed that even if our cows did not give the quantity they gave tho quality. (Applause.) His Excellency then turned on the air valve "and set the plant in motion, amidst the cheers of the large gathering of men, women, and children. THE FACTORY ARRANGEMENTS. The new factory has been arranged to work on a system of gravitation from the time the cream goes on the platform till the branded boxes are loaded for trans port to the railway. The object of this is to save labour in every direction, and economise handling as much as possible. The factory is built on the slope of a hill, so that the cream when it is placed on the platform can be weighed and ruu in insulated vats right into the cream room. Thence fn due course it travels by gravitation down to the manufacturing floor. The butter platform is eo arranged that the butter goes also by gravitation to the workers, and is reworked in a rcoin specially made by means of coils, so that the temperature can be constantly kept ftfc about f.'odeg., and the butter kept from getting greasy by the heated atmosphere. Finally the packing room is in accord in the matter of gravitation, till the boxes elide down tho plank on to the waggon. The main principles followed in the con struction of the factor}- have been to pro vide for labour saving and hygienic con ditions The cost of the building was nirproximatoly £'000, and of the machinery about £3000. When the first factory wn« opened here seven years ago the output for tho first 6ix months was about lO^wt. n week. At present the output is 7J tons a week. The new factory has a capacity of 40 tons a week, and Mr. J. H. Skcrman says ho anticipates that the full output will bb reached within seven years unless the dairying receives souivo unforeseen set-back. TiTE REFRIGERATING PLANT. An important feature of the factory in the installation of a Linde refrigeration {riant, supplied by Messrs. Wildridge and Sinclair, of Brisbane. It is stated to be the most powerful in any factory iu Queensland. The Linde has long been recognised by shipping companies, breweries, and ice manufacturing com panies as one of the very best systems of wfrigcration, but hitherto less powerful, and probably cheaper systems, have been most used by butter makers. The ad vantages of a powerful refrigerating plant, capable of maintaining the requisite low temperature, are obvious. Briefly, the Linde system is bat-ed on the evaporation of anhydrous ammonia at a low tempera ture. The evaporation takes place in ■wrought iron coils, and the resultant gases are drawn away by special valves into a patent compressor, from which they aro in turn expelled at an increased pressure and temperature. The temperature corre- 3 ponds with the temperature of the cotv ensing water available, and it is largely owing to this special featuro that the Linde has attained its fame. In the Linde compressor the temperature of the gas delivered to the condenser i3 only a few degrees higher than the water supply, and in consequence the ammonia is not destroyed by excessive heat. It is stated that in some instances a Linde machine has been operated for three years on one charge of ammonia. In this factory tepuutte leads are supplied to the ico tank, brine cooler (for cream cooling nnd attempemtingj manufacturing room, and remarking room, all or any of which branches may be operated at the desire of the engineer. It will thus be r?ccn that the sy torn is a. closed cycle, and with ordinary tare the losses of amnion a arc wry small. The it c tank is a rec tangular vessel con'.a nmg a seriution of Raits, which will not congeal at a low temperature. Distribute! through the brine are series of expansion coils in which ths liquid ammonia is al'owed to expand, thus producing a vcrv j ow tem perature, in turn relrigcrating the brine. Cans or moulds eoniainnsr fresh water are immersed in this refrigerated brine, and in course of time the watt* v. ntainea in them becomes fro/e-i, and a solid block of ice i* ie.?dy tor u-e. In the ca.«c of the n<anufac-tining a:ul chllnjj rooms the temperature; is reduced by mean* of direct expansion coils phv.ed on the ceiling of ihe O ambers, and by th«s means the temperature Jim ne nontrtllrd as desired and the butter delivered from the iuC ory firm and in good coiid tion to stand its journey to the sea. It is> staled that thero n-o row upward' -if 7i> butter factor cm in _ Australia cquipj ed with Linde refrigetators, and a toucher, in various pert* of the world, thcte a e tipwa d* or oDOf) Linde machines at work. Bomc of them havo b^en .in operation simc 1875 and arc not yet worn out. THE MOTIVE POWER. The motive power is provided by one of Hornsby'H latest type suction gas engines and plnuts of 81 b.h.p., which is the largest unit so far provided for buttcv factories in Queensland. The engine is fitted with all the latest improvements, and starts with compressed air. It also has a petrol pump starter .is emergency. A unique feature in regard to the plant is that it utilises the heat of the exhaust gasss for the purpose of supplying boiling water for use in the factory for cleaning, &c.; Another important feature in connection with the installation is a "Brisbane" patent charcoal retort for producing char coal from ordinary bush timbers available in the vicinity. This enables economical working, as -well as providing the most suitable fuel for suction gas engines and plants. THE BANQUET. At night a banquet was held, and over 100 guests were present. Mr. Aplin pre sided. After the usual loyal toast had been honoured he proposed the health of the Governor. He expressed a warm appreciation of his Excellency's visit, and said he was sure it would materially ad vance their interests. He hoped that the Government would consider that district in connection with railway proposals. (Loud applause.) His Excellency, iv acknowledging the toast, remarked that the King was a very keen farmer, and he regretted that his representative out here could not havo a farm put under his control. It would lead to many interesting experiments. (Laughter.) Unfortunately a Governor was not allowed to invest money in a country in which his official duties lay. If he wore not a former he certainly took n great interest in farming. His aucestors had also taken an interest in farming, but it was always in some other mans cow. (Laughter.) Even that was denied him. (Laughter.) lie could not help won dering what this district would be like in 10 years' time. The factory they had opened was the best he had seen, and he questioned if there was a better in the Commonwealth. (Hear, hear.) They had a great market for their product, and if they maintained the quality they were always sure of their market. The Australian appreciated his butter, for he ate 231b. of it a year to the Englishman's 111b. Perhaps it they gave the English man more they would bring his appetite for butter iip to the 231b. Ho heartily appreciated their district, and hoped nil concerned in the butter factory would have a full nnd fitting reward. He had an announcement to make supplementary to . his statement of the afternoon. It ivnn that Mr. R. Joyce had offered a cup. to be called the Lindo Cup, for the best Shorthorn cow for dairying purposes, at the Brisbane show. It snowed a very fine public spirit, and they would all henrlily join with him in appreciation of Mr. Joyce's generous offer. (Applause.) Mr. A. Cookc proposed "Parliament." The policy being carried out by the Gov ernment in power, he said, was as pro gressive as any one could wish. The Government was doing good work by its immigration policy, but it should put a tax on bachelors. (Laughter and applause). There was also tho railway policy, and on the Blackall they hoped to have Eome coimco tion soon with the Keeflou to Woodfjrd railway. (Applause.). The lion. J. Tolmie, in responding, said that hitherto Maleny had been merely a geographical term to him, but in future it would bo n living entity, with remem brances of the kind welcome extended to him that day. Parliament was doing its best in the public interest, and although at times people might feel that their toe 3 were being trodden on, they must remem ber that Parliament was endeavouring to do that which was best for tho greatest number, lie reviewed the work of the past session, and pointed out how the Government aimed at obtaining a larger population nnd more prosperous settle ment. Air. D. T. Gay proposed "Tho Visitors," which was responded to by Councillor John Simpson and Mr. J. D. Daly, of tho Northern Rivers. Mr. V. J. Dobson also responded. Hon. J. Tolniic proposed, "The Dairy ing Industry," and gave a comprehensive review of the recent developments of dairying. He said the Government had inaugurated a system of testing cows, but only some 1H farmers had taken advan tage of tho opportunity. Tliis year he proposed to go a step further and set up a etandani. Kvery cow reaching that standard would be branded, and so her character would be established if she were put into a salcyard. (llear, hear.). 