ITEMS OF I.nTEREST7 Jones: "I've just figured out how tho I onus do Milo came to loso her arms " Smith: "How?" Jones: "She broke them 1tl'jlng to buLlon h01' blouse up the This is the age of discontent. From Chi cago comes news of a woman suing her bakn.- for £2000 because she found a sausage 'in a' loaf of bread. Some folks don't deserve to have any luck! 61,0 A man, his wife, and 12 children were among the emigrants who recently left Southampton in the Cunard lirier Ascania lor Canada. Tho man was an agricultural laborer, and succeeded in bringing up his large family on a weekly wage of 15s. According to the census, there are 64 centenarians in the Commonwealth, jof which 24 are Irish, 16 English, 10 Scotch, 6 Australian and 4 Chinese. The Irish show one centenarian in every, 5809 immigrants the Scotch one in every 9308. and the Eng lish one in every 21,627. The Russian Duma has passed a bill de signed to check the spread of alcoholism among all classes of tlio population alike. The sale of alcoholic liquors, whether pub licly. or privately, is absolutely prohibited on 150 days in the year, and no' difference is made between vodka, beer, wine, and liqueurs — all are banned alike. The Isle of Aran lias an area of 220 square miles, and a population of just under 55,000. C'astleton is tlio ancient capital, but Douglas is the chief town and seat of government. Tho government is "homo rule" under a governor, who, with Council and House of Keys of 24 members, makes up the Tynvald Court. .The municipality of Copenhagen recently issued tho following official order:— "in fu ture every policeman in tho Danish capital, who meets anyone under the influence of strong drink, is bound to conduct him to his home in a carriage, in order to pre vent any scandal in the street. An inquiry is to take place immediately, in order to find the identity of the person who served the last drink, and the cost of the convey ance must be paid immediately by him." It is curious (writes Sir Henry Lucy in Iho "Herald") how the flux of Ulsteria aflects people whose normal mental state would seem to leave them immune from epidemic. Here is Rudyard Kipling break ing forth into a screed which opens in the following lines:— The dark eleventh hour Draws on and sees us sold To every evil power We fought against of old. Rebellion, rapine, hate, Oppression, wrong, and greed Are loosed to rule our fate, By England's act and deed. It is pitiful to think that tho pen that wrote the lofty strains of the "Recession al" should feebly flow in doggerel of this kind. . Amundsen's success at the South Pole has created fresh interest in North Polar ; re search.. Dr. Nausen asks whether explorers would not find a valuable auxiliary in tho white polar bear. The same idea had oc curred to" Amundsen, who consulted Mr. Ilagenbeck, of Hamburg, about the feasi- Lility of training t-lie bears for draught pur poses in place of dogs. Nansen considers the polar bear would be an ideal beast of burden if it wore possible to train him. And therein the difficulty lies. His strength and endurance are incomparable. He could b.c nourished as easily as the dog, and he can exist for a long time without food with out loss of strength. But there is the dan ger of temper. The bear is not loving, al though if he showed a better naturo he might be lovable. There has been trouble in Sing, Sing, tho gaol in the State of Now York; The ward- on of the prison and tho State Superinten dent of Prisons found out that prisoners wore being supplied from outside with morphine, opium', and cocaine, as well as with wliisky and tobacco, q'hey say there lias been an organised morphine ring work ing both inside and outside tho prison. The Sing Sing authorities noticed that em bossed picture postcards were suspiciously popular among prisoners' friends. Some of them were surprisingly heavy, and the matter was referred to tho warden. He slit one of the embossed cards with a penknife, and found that it contained a dozen "shots" of morphine. "We have to watch for bugles in postage stamps," the warden remarked. "A postage stamp, as many of the prisoners have learned, is large enough to shelter a 'shot' of morphine." 