[?] IS The I M Holidays. \ I Butter 1 Brands, j jb. Pioneer | |f Inoeulator. '^ | Prickly Pear. Sj Cotton C i§ Industry. g G ? ? 5 (COMPARED with the very trying weather condi- tions of the early part of December, the Christmas holidays were agreeably cool. The crowds of happy people who were out shop- ping bent on Friday and Saturday in the metropolis formed a splendid indica- tion as to the prosperity of the State in general. People from out west and up north have been flocking to town in train loads, while towns people have almost overcrowded all the seaside resorts. The traffic over the railways has been very heavy, and it is satis- factory to know that the unusually large number of passen gers met with safe transit. An unfortunate fatality occurred at Toowoomba, where a young porter named Joseph Bradshaw was knocked down and run over by a train, receiving such in juries that he died shortly afterwards. The season has been saddened by several tragedies that cast a gloom over the festivities of the people generally At Ipswich a servant girl named Annie Holzwart was murdered; while at Brisbane a man in the employ of the Howard Smith Company, Limited, shot his wife, and afterwards committed suicide. His wife, Mrs. George Cooper, is now in the hospital on a fair way to recovery. At Caloundra, a pretty seaside resort about 90 miles north of Brisbane, two State school teachers were drowned. One was Mr. John Stewart Jackson, assistant teacher at the Gympie School; the other, Mr. Francis Pickering Heb bel, head teacher of the Lagoon School in the same town. Another drowning accident is reported from the Logan River, where a young man named Francis Harrison lost his life. At Oxley a racehorse ran off the course during a race, by which the jockey and two spectators received a fractured leg each, and two other spectators rather severe injuries THE Agent-General of this State (Sir Thomas Robinson), who has been touring Queensland with the object of mak- ing himself better acquainted with the requirements and progress of the various industries, has lately given some valuable advice to dairy com- panies with regard to the brands of butter going to the London market. The advice was interesting, not only to manufacturers of this State, but to factory managers throughout the Commonwealth. It has been consid- ered that directly Queensland but ter reached the Home market its identity to some extent was lost. Sir Thomas admitted that in a num- ber of cases this was true, although there was no pecuniary loss to the producer on that account. Distribu- ting companies with recognised brands had to keep their butter up to a certain standard; and, like the tea salesmen, they were compelled to blend in order to keep up a uni- form standard. Unless this were done the change between Danish and overseas butter in the different seasons would be too great; and un- til Australia is in a position to sup- ply the market the whole year round this system must prevail. He em- phasised the need for Australian fac- tories to have several distinctive brands of varying grade. He thought that the brands of first-grade butter only should appear; second and third grade to be packed under distinctive brands, the names of the manufac- turers to be submerged. The trade became familiar with brands, and placed great reliance on them when the quality was maintained. Brands were often taken more notice of than grade or subsidiary marking. When brands became known not more than 2 per cent. of the boxes were opened up for inspection. A MATTER of some interest to stockowners who are con versant with the ravages of redwater or tick fever was brought under the notice of the Legislative Assembly during the session which has just terminated. Mr. W. H. Ramm, a one-time selector and stockowner, claims to be the discoverer of innoculation of recovered blood as a preventive of tick fever, and is now pressing the Government for some recog nition for the service he has rendered the State. A petition he has presented to the House goes to show that Mr. Ramm, after great research, wrote to the Colonial Secretary in 1896 to the effect that innoculation with the blood of a beast that had become immune to disease known as tick fever would protect other cattle from that disease when caused by in festation of cattle ticks. This claim of rendered service was disputed by the Agricultural Department. A select com- mittee of the Assembly was appointed to investigate the peti- tioner's claims, with the result that the committee reported that the petitioner was the first man to suggest to the Queens- land Stock Department innoculation from the blood of a per fectly immune or tick-proof animal as a preventive of red water, caused by cattle ticks. The petitioner then made a claim on the Agricultural Department for a reward for the service he had rendered the State — a service the Stock Con- ference held at Sydney in 1896 estimated at a money value of £5000, so great were the losses at that period through the tick fever that innoculation prevents. This claim was re- fused: that the evidence submitted to the committee went to show that on January 9, 1896, the petitioner offered his services to the Government to demonstrate the efficacy of the special innoculation. The petitioner now presses the House to recognise his claims. THE prickly pear plant has frequently been referred to as one possessing many of the qualities of a good fodder plant. It is now claimed that where there is plenty of the pear plant cattle can live without water for a very long period. Hanging last week in the shop of a local butcher at Ipswich was a carcase of a cow, which is stated to have attracted a lot of attention, because of the abundance of fat with which it was covered. The animal, it is stated, lived for the six months prior to its death without a drop of water. It was brought down from Yeulba with three other cows and 22 bul- locks this month, and for the previous six months had been running on Mr. P. Minnage's Wallavilla station. There is no water on the station, but an abundance of prickly pear, on which the cattle had not only lived, but had also got into prime condition. The carcase produced between 800 and 900 lbs of splendid fat beef. Cattle are said to be better with out water where there is plenty of pear. On Wallavilla, be sides plenty of pear, there is also a goodly supply of salt and cotton bush. On other land, where there was both water and pear, the cattle are said not to have been so fat as those running where there was no water. If all this be true, it should be rather encouraging news to Governments and others who are trying to prevent the spread of the pear plant. There are so many uses to which this much-talked-of plant can be put, and it has so many valuable properties, so people say, that one wonders how it is there is so much of it going to waste, and why there should be so much worry about the spread of this very precious pest. TO hundreds of men on the land in this State the news of the death of Mr. John Mahon, principal of Gatton Agri- cultural College, would come as a severe shock. Mr. Mahon had not been in robust health for some months past. Enter- ing a private hospital about a week before the holidays, he was operated on, and died on Christmas Day. Mr. Mahon succeeded Professor Shelton at the college in 1897, and he held the position up to the time of his death. It was Mr. Mahon who initiated the visits of farmers to the college from various districts, and there are scores of men to-day engaged in agricultural and dairying pursuits who have had it in their power to better themselves by acting on the sound ad- vice that the late principal was so willing to impart to his numerous visitors. He will be greatly missed both in and outside the department with which he has been so long con nected. DR. D. BOWMAN, M.L.A., leader of the State Labour party, has just returned to Brisbane from a visit to the old country. One of the things which made a deep impression on him, was the grinding poverty of many of the people. On one occasion he was taken round the East End. What he saw in the haunts of the poor aroused his deepest sym- pathy. Entering one squalid home he found a woman and several little children making matchboxes. He asked the price they were paid. The woman said she had to make 24 dozen and find her own paste for 21d. Next door he came across a man who was addressing envelopes for one of the London diaries or almanacs for 2s 6d a thousand. If he had a good day this man could do about 1000 in a day. Fur- ther on, some seamstresses were working. There a married woman and family were making boys' coats at 3½d each. Mr. Bowman asked what wages she could earn. She said about 8s or 9s a week. She considered she had a good job, and she had to make men's coats at the same price. Going further on Mr. Bowman discovered three women making children's shoes. He asked 'What do you get a pair for making these?' The woman replied, 'How much a dozen do I get? I get 9d a dozen.' 'Upon my soul,' said Mr. Bowman, 'it would make your heart ache to see them.' Referring to the railway strike, Mr. Bowman said one might ask why these men went on strike. The answer was that the wages were altogether inadequate to keep the workers in any state of decency. He came to the conclusion that the conditions of workers could never be righted so long as the railways were in the hands of private companies. Discussing the Labour party in Eng- land Mr. Bowman said:— 'Mr. Keir Hardie is regarded as the grand old man of the Labour movement. No man, in my opinion, is more deeply loved by the working classes or more deeply hated by the capitalists. To know Keir Hardie per sonally is to love him.' Mr. Bowman also visited Berlin and Paris. THERE are persistent rumours to the effect that three inter- state steamship companies trading to Queensland ports have decided upon a 5 per cent, increase in the passenger fares from Brisbane to North Queensland. For some days one company has been quoting a higher rate from Brisbane to northern ports than the two other companies. A well-known shipping manager says that the fares from Brisbane to Syd- ney, Melbourne, Adelaide, and Fremantle, and vice versa, have been raised 5 per cent., but that only one company is quoting on a 5 per cent, basis from Brisbane to North Queens land. It is more than likely, however, that in a month or two the extra 5 per cent, in fares will be charged by his company to all North- ern Queensland ports, with the exception of the ports in the Gulf of Carpentaria. No alteration will be made in the fares to Fiji. An other manager says that he has been officially informed that his company had de- cided to raise the fares from Brisbane to North Queensland by 5 per cent, from the beginning of the year. COTTON-GROWING IN NORTHERN QUEENSLAND. BY W. M. BURTON DANIEL JONES, who is largely interested in cotton growing in Queensland, where he has resided for many years, interviewed the Minister for Customs (Mr. Tudor) re cently with a view to securing some minor alterations on cotton, and cotton-seed, and the simplification of the system in general. Mr. Jones said that the industry was slowly but surely developing. The main obstacle to its rapid expan sion was the dearth of labour. He viewed with satisfaction the proposal to make cotton- growing a leading feature in the activities of State farm operations. Farmers were acquir ing confidence in cotton cultivation, for, after consideration of the cost of land, tillage, and labour, it surpassed other farm pursuits, save, perhaps, sugar-cane, fruit, and lucerne growing. With regard to labour in America, the average picker can gather 200lb of fibre per day. This, at ½d to 3/4d per lb (the standard rate paid) represents a fair day's wage for this class of light work, and it is equally possible in Aus- tralia, owing to the drier atmospheric conditions. The cost per acre for tillage of a cotton crop should not, under suit- able conditions, exceed 30s per acre. The yield ranges from 10001b to 15001b per acre, present values for upland ranging from lid to 2d per acre, according to variety or quality. The Tree and Sea islands sorts are bought at from 2d to 3d per lb, also in seed. Hence the gross re- turns obtained for upland range from £6 to as much as £12 per acre. Assuming the full cost of production to be from 70s to 90s per acre, the balance to credit demonstrates the earning power of the land. Cotton is being cultivated west of Rockhamp- ton, on Peak Downs, in Central Queensland, and in the far north and the Northern Territory. A PAMPHLET was published by the South Australian Govern- ment in 1903 on the suitability of the Northern Territory for the culti- vation of cotton. Expert advice had been obtained, and samples sent to Lomdon were most favourably re- ported upon; in fact, it was men- tioned that they would hold their own in the world's market. Al- though not indigenous, cotton is found growing wild in the scrub along the coast far away from Port Darwin, where it was first sown. Dr. Holtz, when Director of the Botanic Gardens at Darwin, sent some of the produce to the Manchester Exhibi- tion. This, again, was highly spoken of. Notwithstanding these reports, cotton growers made no move, al- though the millowners of Lancashire, with the view of emancipating them selves from the rings that controlled the American supply, were searching for some part of the British Dominions where they could successfully promote the growth of cotton. It appears strange they did not look to the great waste lands of the Northern Territory, where land could be had at a mere peppercorn rental, especially as native labour is in abundance and most suitable for this class of work. Cultivation has so far not been successful in our northern possession, owing to the peculiar climate and areas chosen for certain plants that were not suitable for their growth. Moreover, insect pests are a terrible scourge, especially ter- mites or white ants. These wonderful insects, that devour almost everything except iron, cypress pinje, and paperbark, do not attack the cotton bush. This has been amply proved. It is acknowledged that the soil and climate are suitable for cotton cultivation on large tracts of land nearly to the level of and, in some cases, a little below high-water mark. These lands (more or less saline) are composed of extremely rich soil, and would undoubtedly grow cotton. But (and there is always a but or an if) is the rainfall adequate? There are five wet months and seven when a shower is rart. It is ob vious that to produce a high- class crop, irrigation is neces sary. The cotton-plant will grow, as far as climate is con cerned, in all countries within the tropics, and as far north as the Mediterranean side of Spain, Malta, and European Turkey, and southward as far as Victoria. It flourishes best at sea level, but grows on elevations of several thousand feet of altitude. Cotton may be planted in countries subject to annual periodic rainfall; and it will grow and produce large crops of good quality in regions (if well supplied with water) where it never rains or rarely. It will grow on heavy clay soil, or on an open sandy soil, and likewise on rich loams. Cotton of good quality is now growing on the Burdekin River, Charters Towers, which is a sandy loam. Mr. Jones says the industry is suitable for immigrants with families, as it re quires little skill or experience. When mixed farming is established in the Territory cotton-growing and sisal hemp cultivation should form no unimportant part. Another illustration of the suitability of the Northern Territory may be seen at Blue Mud Bay, in the Gulf of Car pentaria. When this country (Arafura) was taken up in 1900, and formed into a company for the purpose of freezing and canning stock, a small plot of land was sown with cotton seed. The country has been abandoned since 1906, but up to that date, when I was there, cotton bush had spread all over the scrub for many miles. It may be imagined the pods were not large nor the staple long; nevertheless each bush con- tained a fair crop. 27 H rriHE Agent- Sffl Ml General (Sir Jjgji W( Thomas Robin- W flflU son) emphasises iflflft M theneedforAus- ? ' pj( tralian butter g$ fafir factories to have -££& M several distinct- Jjl |jj ive brands for ffl gj) butters of vary- B H$ ^g grade. j|| Photo, by J. Helms. AFTER THE RECENT RAINS IN THE NORTH-WEST. This weir, probably the only one of its kind in 'The Never Never,' is now slowly but surely disappearing beneath the drifting sand of the Flinders. In flood time invisible with the torrent's abatement, it gradually emerges — at first a silver streak athwart the river, and then a glistening cascade as presented. 