THE PREMIER AT THE MECHANICS*. THE GOVERNMENT POLTCV. I Al the Meclianics' Hall Inst night, th* Piemier (Sir Elliott Lewis) addreWod a large gathering of electors, including a good number of ladies. Tho 'Mayor (Alderman G. Paton) presided, and Sir Elliott -was accorded an excellent recep tion. Sir Elliott iLcwij- 6a id that Im was among them as Premier of tbe State, , and waa not confining himself to the; electorate of Denison alone, qs lie in- j tended to visit ne many of the crn'ru us I T.l.o T.;w-^,r „n~»„ ; ? ? before the doctors a united and cohesive party, determined on a policy which would moke Tasmania -jnorc productive and more jjopulous. He gave a brief re sume of the work of the past thrnc session?, during which he liad been Pre mier of the State explaining minntelv thn purport of the various JAct« passed during his administration. He men tinned that seven Wage.' Boards had eat and their determinations were course of law', and he oontended that the a?cu Katmiif; which Lad been made ♦ hem that they had not adminMerpd the Art -properly, was wholly unfound ed. The Inst Parliament had been in strumental in encouraging settlement by liboralising the Crown Lnnds Act, and improving tlio ]u«-s dealing with closer «nttlemint. In erer.v direction the dairv that wa- graded some foiv yrnrj ago as class 2, is now ©old in Europe „ir cJat» ^ ^ and equal to the be-t Danish product. Wiicn the pirjwiit, Pnrliainpnt. came into office the Educ^ifinn Department was :i' a chaotic condition, teachers -.vie df satitrficd, and - lie children were also miJ fering in consequence. Happily this ttate of things hud passed, and at tin' present time lraming was better, and they were endeavoring to extend the benefits of free education into the lar backblo:ks of the State. Education in Tasmania was never in a better °tato tlian it was at present. He hoped that now the control of the railways had been placed under n Commissioner, that tho receipts would be increased, anrl he hoped that if this did cntno to pa-s some of the taxes would 'be taken off the people. Another important fact was tlie establishment of n State farm, which would be the means of inducing mnnv of the young men fo remain 111 the State. The ,tarm would h^ run -partly on commercial linej, nnd also for ex ]-erime[]tinf;. Keferring to tlmt great ns*et, tbe 'mining -industry, he said tracks had ilieni constructed whcievei tliey were justified and another im provement would be the erection of places fnr food at tlie -tk! of (lie tracks for the convenience of jxiium*. Tim Ministry were ]-roud of tlie nieasui-ea they had been tlie juoans of passing. As to tlio luture poacyk tiie front qups.l.iont. would be Ja^d settlement and land de velopment, two very imi-ortant. mat ter?. '?'-j W^l^rtf^n.sJ^ii^tion was essentia!, nnd 'lie noped tins -would continue im til it was corn f*Mrd. Ho contendtvl tliat tlie SL-ite was doing as much in proportion to their revenue a-.s any of ' thn States in the Commonwealt.il, ;ind j they were following on n svstem of im- I jirovemnit. He dealt clearly and con- | c'jjclv wvtlv State finanrej, which were 1 on similar Iines to Ins opening speech. 1 They wc.iv anxious, he said, to furtlier. develon tjie Crown land-, of Tasmania, ' aud they proix-fed and * he_y ]md tlie legislative j-ower& to -withdra\\\\- certriin, blockft iqr ilie. pUfposi' of survey ing them, ipijtting'.^P ji'oads, and if inis^ible plant a flight . piVjduct eo that when people go there they will make a. home for themselves. Referring 10 ilie For-,' rosier Settlement, he mentioned that on the 10,000 acre*? on the plncc, there , were 70 fami!ie.a, .all of whom were do ing veil, and would be useful citizen:, tu the S'ate, and they had similar fates wliicli they intended working in , ' Regarding the question of borrowing 1 money. At the time when the inter eit oil the loan of a million and a half was due, tlie Government had consult-, ed their hankevB. who were willing to give an overdraft for -three years at 3i per rent, and tlu-1 country onlv paid on £900,01X1. Month hy month they were sending remittances to Eng- , land, so that now they were but nav ing on £.500,000. It. was splendid to' ha\\-e the reputation of Tasmania .so high in tin; opinion of keen business banking men, that. they would ad vance a loan of a million pounds, and only on our own security. These bankers had looked carefully into the matter, and were satisfied that our fioenritv was good. (Applause.) They could not oflord to do without borrow ing at the present time. Thn Liberal party believed 111 advances to settlers. Tho Labor party said that it was rirrht to borrow money in order to give sett-ers the opportunity to- improve their land : if this were «so was it not also rijzbt. that the State w«k iustified in borrowing money 1.0 improve its own Iniuh? Tlie tide of immigration which had previously been solely in tlie direction of Canada nnd America was now turning to Australia. The other Stales of the Commonwealth last year had si-ent £300,000 on immigra tion, and if they wanted to incrca.se and retain tlieir population they also must make a move. Tlu; Government ; had been twitted with 'what had been] done in reserving one block of land in six for bona, fido .settlers. It had been said that tins was unfair to na t.ivo settlers. He was himself a na-] tive of Tasmania, and as such was pre-1 pa rod to gay that such a statement was absolutely false. A voice: What is driving all the young fellow's out of the country? Sir Elliott Lewis : Tlie Labor party, I suppose. (Laughter.) Continuing, the .speaker said that if all our young fellows were going awnv, and be did not belie've such to be tW case, it was because of the Increased and remark able prosperity in other Stales. But the time would come when this, tho' groutest era of prosperity that Aus tralia bad ever experienced, would end. and fhc'n their urevious settlers would come back, and if tlie Liberal party were in power thev would re ceive 0 warm welcome. Regarding! State Having* banks, these had first ( been in tbe hands of thn Post Office ; unfortunately, the Commonwealth pro posed to interfere with what was un-j doubtodly a well-conducted institution., Thn people of Tasmania had. by their own thrift, put into their State bank tho sum of £70H ODD. Tlie State up to this time had had the benefit of handling all this money, and on tlie mainland, at any rate J.I10 establish ment of a Commonwealth bank would be fought hard. He hoped that tbey in Tasmania would also bo ready to ?resist the measure. ' A voico: You are fighting; the FocH oral Government 'with one hand, and beKgine from them with thtf other. Sir Elliott iKnvis: With regard to the Federal grant, we nre not asking for it as -paupers; we are in a position to demand it. on tho grounds of jus tice. What Tasmania wants is to use 1 her own moneys for lier own advnncc-' meat. ; -ApplauaoJ -A'- commission . Had advised the -Cabinet to make a grant, of £900,000 to Tasmania, but now it seemod that tbii. proposal was to be_ reduced. He hoped that wiser councils would prevail, and that :in some measure Tasmania would be - nc 'xirdod luptrne. When the Govern ment got thifl money, whether it prov eu to oe the larger or tno smaller sum. thcio wou^d be no lack of scope for 't« wisp use . 'It would first bo turned to wiping off tho flouting debt, tlion to inaugurating nn active immigration policy, open up Tasmania's mineral holds, iie'r Ciown lands, and her tour ist resorts, nnd obtaining n geological survey of tlie West Coastt besides many othor matters that required at. j tention. With regard to tho Hare eys-l torn of voting, ho hoped that all would! vote for, nt least, six candidates, if not! . uul Li.it- n piopurjv j used vp as n. most excellent one. It stood not only for one man one vote, I but ono man one effective vote. It J liad been said, 'If you have a bad causu sbuso your opponent*;.' Tho Liberal jjnrty felt so confident of their own cnitSc that, thev had no necessity | to abuse the opposition. (Applause.) They had Either to go forward, or go bHck, nnd it was tho policy of tfiG Liberals to at all limes see that the . State went forward. (Hear, hear.) TJiev wanted to establish the right to work, whether a man wcro :i unionist ; or non-unioni?t. (Applause.) Tho right to work, whatever one's private convictions, snouid no as treo to every man as the nir lie breothtvl. (Ix)ud applause and cries of dissent.) A voice: What about the Ganges shipment ? Sir EHiott Lewib : I have with mo on tho platform my colleague', Mr Solomon, and I am going to ask him to address you, and in tlmt address t;i SDeak on tbe subject of the Gangers shipment. He thanked his audience for a good hearing, and believed that all interjections had been made and replied to in n good spirit. (Loud and continued applause.) The Attorney-General (Mr Solomon), who was received with applause, re marked that Iu; liad been accused of being somewhat rough mi tbo Opposi I A voice: Hecause you do your work I unsatisfactorily. Mr Solomon: The man that could satisfy the lyabor party would he ready for heaven long before be hud finished with this earth. (Laughter. ^ 'Wlt.li recard to the Ganges shipment. , he would tract-' its history. Under the I sea] of tbo Lands Deparlrnent of Ta^v- j mania n contract liad been mado to supply English firms with Tasmanian blue gum. The timber had been sent. After it. had got away fmni the ship ping place the Minister of Lands had found tliat. some , of it was not blu« gum at all, though it w«s brandtxi as such. The Minister liad sent a letter home saying that further enquiries would be made as to the nature, of the timber. Following was a letter to the effect that. the shipment contained other than blue gum. although it wo A3 bi-anded as such. Owing to this no certificate would be sent. Tlie timber went home in a sailing vessel, sn ihat the letter arrived long before it did. Hcforo thev took delivery of the tim ber tbe English firm cabled to the Tas mania:! Government: 'Good grounds for refusing delivery; 'Jet ter follow ing.' And after tliat, if they took delivery of it. no responsibility rested with the Minister of J^nds, who had been branded as -iue who liad conspir ed against English firm*. Such were vei-y flimsy arguments 'n which to ground accusation* against character. (Hear, hear.) The department _ k^ew nf the mistake before the Minister knew of it. as might he expected. AH tins fuss made by the Labor paper ] about that little pnint vjir quite un- | necessary and uncalled for. It was till about nothing. A voice- That's as had as 'Tho, Examiner.-' Mr Solomon r Ti«= w'r.sc than 'Tho Examiner.' (Laughter.) A questioner wanted tn know how it was that the prosecution of a certain establishment in El izabctTi -street, hav ing a banking account behind it, had been abandoned, while others had been conduct ed against similar (establish ment* that were not in such a comfort- j a b 1 v position ? . | Mr Salomon ?. 1 can best reply to this 1 question by telling you tliat when I found the means that were being fol lowed to obtain evidence; when I found tliat in order to obtain it the jkiIicc wcro sending into the establishment boys of '10 and 17 years of ogc I said] Lo the police, 'If yon cannot, hccome | possessed of tho evidence vou iequiro without following such utterly iin-| moral tactics, you had better let. tho I concern -alone.'- (Ixmd applause.) ! A number of questions were there- , upon asked, and answered satisfac- , torily. 1 Conciudinc. with regard to tho mat- ( ter of the Ganges shipment. Mr Solo- 1 mon booed that it had finally been j cleared up. Ihev had m tins yet an- j other instance of a mountain being 1 made out of a mole hill. (Hear, h'M?.) , Replying tn nn enquiry, Sir Elliott ! Lewis Bind that ho was not prepared to, support adult suffrage for tbe Legisla- ' tivo Council. A vote of thanks to the Premier for his addniss jhovih! by Mr Charles Rus_ sen. M.L.C.. vas carricyl by acclama tion. St F-Uiuti b'wis acknowlwlred 1 tlie' c-omplinu'iit . and mo\\-ed a similar vote to the cliair. 