[The BUSKER ? 1 Grease Paint j Pattes-Burnt i Oxk'Cbfoincies j A boom programme at Spencer's Esplanade this week. * "Lady Godiva" at the Boyal and Shaftesbury -ie enough to make a plaster saint ask the nappers to pur- sue him. Bill Mason is giving the ladies tea and coffee in the interval in place of ice-creams at the Perth Town Hall. Bill's a pusher. Dear old -George Portas i's stage managing thrilling motor-boat res- cues -in Sydney Harbor, in which Hethel Hirving is the she-star. Go it. George! S'Africa is rapidly becoming a suburban touring ground of Austra- lian entrepreneurs. John Batiste, the mercurial story-teller of the profes- sion, - recently took the Besses through Kaffirland, while still more recently Frank Talbot piloted the Butt-Rumford family around in the interests of J. and N. Tait. The travel stpdy film showing the ruined city of Pompeii, screened at Spencer's Esplanade, is on the top floor of excellence. It gives more than a fine idea of the once world famed City of Sin, where in times gone by the inhabitants were wont to remark "Cave Canem," understood to be the ancient Dago equivalent for "Blime." The name of Brearley is blessed in the local world of harmony. Brearley pere at the Shaftesbury this week tootles a piccolo solo, "Playful Kit- tens," and with it raises a-iStorm of applause that curdies the butter- scotch in the peanut boy's tray. At Queen's Hall Monte Brearley, a worthy son of his pa, coaxes noises out of his seasoned violin that wouid make Kubelik and a few more top string catgutters remember that there are others. If Spencer persists in keeping his "Birds, Beasts and Reptile" ribbon running for any length of time at the Esplanade; Le Soeuf, . of the Perth Zoo, will be compelled to roll up his menagerie and leave it howling on the doorstep of the Insolvency Court. While the public can see several miles of lions, tigers, goria n nan, sea serpents and other d.t-'s from an easy chair in the cool of the evening it "won't assault Copley's South Perth mud-scows in overwhelming num- bers. Furthermore, it doesn't cost Spencer a bean to feed the film, while the wildest nightmare of Le Soeuf's slumber is to find the bob a day for slaughtered moke with which to keep the lion's roar in good repair. The "Eighteen Footers' Champion- ship," screened at Queen's Hall, and taken by Operator Bert Benson, while not exactly equal to a Pathe Gazette item, is a« gorgeous tribute to -our own Chris Garland and a patriotic thrill throughout. Yachtsmen and visitors can pick themselves out from end to end, the screening of the picture being punc- tuated by loud, excited shrieks con- cerning "Our Bill," "Our 'Arry," "My son's boat," and "That cow of a motor-boat in the way of the win- ner." Onfe young lady, sister of a member of the Westana's crew, see- ing the ringtail drag in the water, hauled violently at the neck of a lady in a front seat, dislodging her neck upholstery and otherwise ruffling an icy composure. MISS IOKB BRIGHT, a PBETT1" VANKKE ACTRKSS. j Melrose and. Menzies, patter-come- dians at Melrose, are gratefully awarded a pat of approbation for the comparative freshness of their cross jaw. The last six turns of this de- scription used jokes that were play- ing truant from the Old Men's Depot half a century ago. A nicely-typed par from the Bill Anderson management: Play-writers: How They Work Together»-When two people write a book or a play in eollabo raticn it is advisable that they be what are called "opposites" in dis- position. Mr. Edmund Duggan and Mr. Bert Bailey, of Mr. Wm. Anderson's Melbourne King's Theatre, and authors of "The Squatter's Daughter," are "oppo- sites." ? Gordelnsai Melrose lacks a Fred Bluett. '"The Great Moment" was really great, but gruesome. Sooty is sampling some. of ? the finest world films ever spooled at West's Gardens. ' ' ? "' "The Mikado" overture at Melrose last week was a banquet of well-bal- anced harmony. The contribution of Cornetist Baile in the overture was a wealth of silver sound. In several inches of laudatory slop an Eastern paper describes "The Quaker Girl" as another "Miss Gibbs." And then it stops for want of. breath. Alleged Comedian Rule, who braved Providence and the back-seats I at Melrose for a few nights, bas been shipped East, where the manage I ment write their own pars. -: He's safer there. ... . . .. - Rinaldo's best efforts were faked for him by the orchestra. The I double-forte staccato smash on to the j strings as the theme reached the I tape- was entirely-the Y.-ork.of Con- ductor Jacoby's jugglers. Melrose spruiker De Bradburn, I who coaxingly elocutes at' the Wil- liam-Murray-street corners, ' is in league with some of the turns to keep people moving. Brad, sends I them in, and the chestnut merchants send them out again. Kelly the Mug. of Millars' Karri Jarrah Co., desires the address of the axe- magician who chops down 8ft_ trees-in the Spencerian picture, "The Coming of the Immigrant." In the j film screened one ordinary-looking ' axe- swinger puts down a forest-giant in three chops of an ordinary axe. From our weekiy puff-paste thea- trical budget this week: Miss Minnie Everett's work in j thfe "Siubad tile Sailor" panto- mime at' Melbourne. Her Majes-' ty's is seen in a practical form. The magnificent ballets and the gracefulness and carriage of the j girls generally testify to Miss Everett's art and skill'in dealing j with the RAW MATERIAL. If any base-minded stage-door John- ] nie imagines that bis particular tart j is being drilled by gifted Minnie in the nude a la Lady Godiva he will be ! placed on the fisz-and-oyster prohibí- j ted list. "The Coming of the Immigrant," screened at Spencer's Esplanade this week, is -the .-advance-guard of the j Australian Industrial, and as an in- j itial attempt it will do, although we : can't say that it is IT. The views of j old-established ; wheatfields, with thousands of: pounds' worth of horse- j flesh and harvesters careering up and j down,, ivy-clad homesteads, and Gov- ernment experimental farms should go far towards kidding the potential pommy to rush' wildly-for his steer- j age ticket in the hope of grabbing a slice of this wilderness while the ! wild corn is yet ripe, and before the. wiid beasts of 'the jungle have had time to eat it bare. Tree-falling, per ' bio., likewise appears to be a rather innocent process, where a silent axe topples tough salmon over after two clouts. There are various, other dis- : crenancies, but wé ' don't want to oe a nark. f Fred Graham touches the highest! notch of dumb-show humor in his imitation of a iady dressing to go to the races. The combing out, curling and pinning of imaginary hair, the hundred little details of milady's toi- let, are uproariously applauded, the female portion of the audience shrieking its approval in tones cal- culated to attract smelling-salts. Posing as a lickspittle-loyalist to good Mr. Williamson in his endeavor to squelch the Actors' Union over East ie Claude Bantock, a person who some time or oKier managed to creep past a stage door-keeper when the latter was evidently sleeping it off. When once inside, opportune postur- ing in lieu of talent kept him there. The shame of it is that there was co- lossal wealth awaiting him as a shop- walker in almost every gandy rag emporium in the Empire, and be '^oissed the - baa._?_ y Hear Ling's latest. Spoilt child Melba wont warble in our yardT . The Cottesloe Picture Gardens are still open to the public. Fred Graham's dumb-show imita- tion of a flapper Phil Goatchering herself is furiously funny There is a perfect hurricane of ex- pectant '? applause every night "Ranche Justice" is announced. The moonlight effect in Spencer's "Immigrant" film, showing the pommy tramp coming into the Fre- mantle Harbor, is easily the best piece of local work done to date. . - Julia Swain, a niece of the fam- ous Carrie Swain, of beloved mem- ory, .plays,- "Lady. Godiva" in the Vitagraph. Picture of that name, shown at-the Royal and Shaftesbury. If the orchestra at:the Shaftes- bury try to tell us that they look at their music during the screening of "Lady Godiva," w-e'H believe them -to be" guilty. .': The Midland Engineers out in conference take possession of th= Shaftesbury next Wednesday night, the occasion being . a: benefit to lits out-of-workers. . Hanvarr and Lee, two newies at Melrosé, are herewith accorded the freedom of unstinted applause, their work being astonishingly new, clean and clever. The ancient chestnut, hath not cast its shadow on the twain. * Tom Shat to, of -toe-Shaftesbury, has purchased entrance land in Beau- fort- street, and intends erecting an East End theatre in place of the bio. hall. It will ^dredge Tom's bank ac- count to the -depth of twenty-five thousand lovely sovereigns. Comedian' Fred Graham, who plays sketches with Mrs. G. (Nellie Dent), hath the -.finest pair of man-hands ic the profession., A , lot of our "Lionel Logues are requested to go ana leam how to flourish their paws be- fore facing audiences, that never did them wrong. The Sousa-of-the-W-cst, Harold Betteridge, composed a fine, stirring march for the re-opening of Queen's HalL It is entitled "Victorin.ua," and is replete - with crashing harmo- nies, gorgeous ensembles and majes- tic rhythm that keeps the audience in perfect touch with the soul-motif of the theme. ., .. Mimic Ling at Melrose has got into his humorous stride, and is nightly, compelling the nice usheress to hold on to her left-over programmes, the gust of grins being calculated to warp the orchestral hair-part. As it is. Ling's latest collided with an E- . Hat blast' from the trombone and took ten seconds Jn the pit before the audience relaxed its cyclone of laughter. Since opening the Perth Town Hall as a permanent picture show there have been over seventy proprietors, co-proprietors, managers, sub-mana- gers. and other aids to lunacy. Th's new proprietary, management and treasury consists of one man-Bill Mason, and. Ole Bill is monarch "oí all the films. Likewise he is boss or the new tea-table provided for ladies during the interval. Quoted with glee by crawlsome Eastern rage as a star line in Had- don Chambers' new play, "The Pass- ers By" :-"Work ain't for the likes of me. Work is for the work- ers." And then a well-fed stalls and a swollen-paunched dress circle agitates its semi-nakedness at the aptness (?) of the cheap gibe. The burlesque tramp and caricatured working-man of smoodging authors and deep-sea actors ' are badly in want of cyanide. The bill at Spencer's Esplanade [ this' week is the best yet screened, lt keeps up to concert pitch right throughout. The dramas, including "Resignation," "The Girl and the" Motor Boat," and "Captain Brand's I Wife," are .conceived within reason- able bounds of probability, and are produced by finished artists. The comics as a welcome change are rea- sonably funny and get their laugh on humorous lines in place of clown- ing buffoonery. But the circum- stance which should fill the house to overflowing is the fact that there are positively no Cockney films in this week's programme. The tJanish actors and actresses who bio.-acted "The Great Moment" can't emotion for nuts, and depend on staggering incident for effect. The said nation aren't gifted with the emotions - that thrill and throb the nerve and heart fibres, and conse- quently have to resort to indiscrimi- nate slaughter, .fire, bigamy and love larrikinism to focuss the multitude upon the pay-box. The Danish are a butter, cheese and egg making na- tion, and as such are essentially dairy-fat in their fervor. And you can't get up much nerve-tingle ana soul-sob in a community which main- ly exists on selling cowless England the by-products of the bovine. I A glad spasm from the East:- , « Mr. Henry Bracy has returned '? to Melbourne, and is having a rest j afteT the busy time he experien i ced during the Melba Grand j Opera season. We had quite lost, the run of the tuneful tenor of aforetime, who crea- ted for us much joy when we were twenty-something or thereabouts hy warbling "O dear, I am so sleepy" in "The Sultan of Mocha," and later on sent us into peanut ecstasies with bis Tendering of "Sparkling Eyes." We are likewise more than glad to hear that he has survived the man- agement of a Grand Opera season, where the worries Entailed in provid- ing the prima donna .with the correct brand of clove, straightening out the love aßaire of chorus girls and stage- hands, and last but not least being compelled nightly to listen to the all- round awfulness >of cronk actors, are enough to drive any soulful artist [ Ud£ godden suicide._ 