SUMMARY. — — It Is semi-ofilclally stated that the Turkish counter-proposals of peace Include the retention of Adrianoplc, the crcntlon of Macedonia as a neutral State, and tbo autonomy of Albania. The allies' dclcgatec declared tho counter- proposals to tie unacceptable, and the Pence Conference was again adjourned for further Instructions from tho Porte. Router's Agency loams that the allies de clined to discuss tho proposals seriously, and that Bulgaria Insists upon the surrender of Adrianople by Turkey. Mr. Frederic Harrison, tho' English author, advocates the raising of a war loan of £150,000,000, of which £100,000,000 shall bo spent on the navy forthwith. Mr. Harrison contends that Great Britain must concentrate, and give up tho Mediterra nean, and even Gibraltar. If necessary, and cer tainly Egypt nnd tho African Empire. The danger to the balance of Europe, Mr. Harrison argues, arises from the military class In Germany; and Germany, ho says, must seek expansion In Europe. ' H.M.S. New Zealand is to commence Its tonr of "tho Dominions at tho ond of January, and will spend two or three months at New Zea land ports. Tho Australlan-bonnd steamer Naming, which pnt back to Gravosend owing to damage sustuined In the Channel gales, has arrived safely, after a terrible buffeting. One tremendous wavo swamped tho whole ship, wrecked the gear and machinery of the forepart of the vessel, and tore up portion of the iron deck. Many cabins were flooded. The passengers, mostly emigrants, had torri- fylng experiences, but are being cared for by the company and tho Commonwealth Govern ment. Several other vessels narrowly escaped de struction in tho gale, and a Danish steamer foundered with 13 hands. Two survivors were picked up after suffering for two days. A leading London Unionist journal has Joined the agitation against allowing the next general election to bo obscured by tho question of food taxes, as proposed by, tho party leaders. A verdict of guilty was returned against 38 American labor-union officials charged with complicity in dynamito plots, including that in Los Angeles. Tho movement among doctors in favor of ser vice under tho national insnranco scheme is , j rapidly gaining adherents. Panels arc being formed in many cities. Rebellious tribes in Morocco surrounded a French column, and a second column had to light continuously for IS hours when marching to its relief. Ex-President Castro of Venezuela has arrived at New York, but the Immigration Department has detained him pending a decision as to his admission. N I,ord Hardlnge's condition was serious for two days after the attempt on hiB life. Only his strong constitution and expert treatment enabled him to rally. Tho Portuguese Government has apologised to the Government of India for the recent vio lation of tho frontier at Goa. Suffragettes tied tho railway signals at Pot ter's Bar, near London, to orevent tbcm being operated. Tho London money- market is easier, both for short loans and discounts, and thero is a notice able decline In the rates charged. Despito the quietening effect of Christmas week, neither the Berlin nor the Paris money market rates have shown any tendency to dc- cllno. On the London Stock Exchange thero has been a recovery of 12/6 in British Consols, but Aus tralian inscribed stocks show no chango what ever." ' On the London motal markets the chief fear lures were the advances In copper and pig-iron, tho latter how being quoted at about tho highest point of the year. The Sydney butter market relapsed into flriict- ness towards the close of last week, after a period of activity. Up to the holidays tho de mand was brisk; then it eased: Tho London wheat market is firm, but there is too much of the holiday aspect in other pro- duco to allow of tho markets being tested. I Yesterday afternoon it was discovered that the Surry-hllis branch of tbo Bank of New- South | Wales had been entered, and £2o00 in gold, notes, and silver was stolen. The teller, who was asleep on the premises, discovered the robbery, his attention being drawn to tho matter by the fact that his port manteau was missing. A startling tram accident occurred on Satur day afternoon, when a car rushed backwards down King-street, colliding with another car. Eighteen people were Injured, The P.M.G., who was in Sydney on Saturday, said that he is anxious to give the roster duty ! system a fair trial before making it: permanent. The system, Mr. Frazer said, was introduced before tho Christmas telegraphic rush, since it was supposed to accelerate business. He be lieved it had come up to expectations. Speaking in the Blayney electorate on Satur day, Mr. Withlngton, the candidate, replied in an i effective manner to Mr. Beeby's attack on him. Tho recent controversies in the moat trado over tho matter of wages and conditions have ! culminated in the presentation by tho cm- ; ployees' union of claims to the Wages Board. I A surf-bathing fatality occurred at Soutbport ' (Q.) on Saturday afternoon, when'n young wo man was carried ont. Her three rescuers wero drowned, but tho girl was saved. I In connection with the Amending Land Tax Act, the commissioner states that tho depart- ! mcnt will not depart from tho principles of | valuation which have hitherto been followed. Mr. M'Kay, however, defines improvements' value as an amount which, deducted from the 1 total value, leaves an amount less than the unimproved salo valuo of land. i Speaking at Oberon on Friday, Mr. Griffith ridiculed Mr. Beeby's suddenly- aequirod aver sion to machine politics, after having helped j perfect tho Labor movement machinery. I On December 22 nnd 23 106.135 tolegraphlo 1 messages wore handled at tho G.P.O., as com pared with 80,138 during tho samo period of the previous year. - I In tho mall departments 8,382,519 lotters ' wero posted during tho week, while 3,628,000 ' were received. Business was mostly concen trated on the two days preceding Christmas. I Mr. Frazer (P.M.G.) said ho bad received ex cellent reports of tho manner in which the gene- ral work had been carried out by the sorters, ' carriers, and others. I At tho Tattersall's Club meeting on Satur day tho Carrington . Stakes was won by an outsider. Ruby Hampton. Her starting price was 33 to 1. The intcx-Stato cricket match New South Wales v. Victoria, was concluded, the local players winning with live wickets to spare. Miunett took tlirco of the wickets for 40. ' The inter-State bowls carnival was continued in Melbourne on Saturdny, under delightful wea ther conditions. I Tho Victorian team, so far undofoated, was beaten by Tasmania. Tho latter won hand somely. I Tho South Australians, who were running second, were defeated by the Queonslanders. Despite their loss tho Victorians aro still load ing. I Tho seventh round of tho Now South Wales Cricket Association's grade competitions closed on Saturday, leaving North Sydney re latively a point bettor off. North Sydney .scored a three-point win against Waverloyi and Redforn did Hkewlso against Syduey. Redforn and University aro now second. The others aro nowhere. i Mlddlo Harbor scored an unexpoctod and exciting victory over Paddington, wlunlng by two runs— 335 to 333— on tho flrst Innings. Thero wero 'at North Stoyue on Saturday enor mous crowds to witness tho first surf carnival of the season, and ono of the most successful yot held. The holidny. feeling was still apparent In business on the Sussox-streot market on Satur day. Tho few transactions that wero negotiat ed were done at unaltered values. English mails by the R.M.S. Orsova, dated London, Friday, November 29, aro expocted to reach Syduoy in time for delivery from tho G.P.O. this morning. I Forecast: "Excepting for some scattered thunder-showers in tho north-castorn districts and part of the coast, line but sultry generally, . with squally north-east to south-east winds."- 