PARTY AND PUBLIC WORKS. Mr. Griffith gives nn_indignant denial lo the chnrges of Mr. Miller ns to political partisanship in the allocution of public works, but the facts must be allowed to speak for themselves. There is no doubt at all as to the general truth of Mr. Miller's statement, whatever may be the case as regards the delay in the Bathurst sewerage scheme, which prompted bim to drastic criticism. No doubt it is ouly natural that Labour constituencies should have n first claim on a Labour Government and other electorates must perhaps expect to be served last The temptation to placate one's supporters by any means in one's power is hard to resist But that precisely is the test of the worthiness of an Admin- istration to carry on its responsible task. We do not allege that Labour is- the only sinner in this respect. The temptation is one that besets any party. No doubt in- stances could be quoted In the ense of many recent Administrations in which pub- lic works lind been done or been left un- done ns The result of political pressure. Mr. Griffith dec ares loudly that every mat- ter is considered impartially on its merits, and we believe thnt that is true, so far ns he personally is concerned. The Ministry no doubt rf>ullses its great responsibility in this respect, and t!-e grave results of any failure to live up to that responsibility. If it were free to do so it would doubtless do the rieht thing The unfortunate thing is that it is not free. The worst feature of Lubour govern- ment is that In the nature of the case the lenders cannot lead. They aro themselves tlie victims of the caucus In the first place, und of their constituencies In the second; and It must inevitably happen that, how- ever fair they may desire to be, regard for political considerations must prove too much for them to withstand. The thing works out in several ways. A constituency which is pronouncedly not Labour cannot hope to see the works done that ought to bo^done, because the first chance Is given to others. We cannot imagine the very serious matter of connection with North Sydney by bridge or tunnel being delayed as it is if that constituency were repre- sented hy a Labour member, or if Labour constituencies were clamouring for relief, lu the same way It is difficult to suppose thnt the North Const railway would he constructed at a snail's pnce, ns nt present, ii the Parliamentary representation ulong the line were different Then, again, when all is said, the Government is limited in its spending'power, and if it chooses, or is obliged, to squander its income on socialis- tic enterprises, which promise to involve great risks, It naturally bas not the money available for legitimate public works. No words of condemnation can be too strong for such a state of affairs, but it is hope- less to expect any improvement while Par- liament remains in its present incompetent condition, and we fear that Mr. Miller's protest will prove of little avail. '' Danish Agriculture.-The twelfth of the. series, by4our special representative, on Dan- ish agriculture, appears in our "On the Land" columns. Further particulars are given about the Important bacon industry, and our farmers will And included a lot of useful and practical information, which should be of as- sistance in establishing or extending co-opera- tive bacon-curing factories in this country. It will bo seen that the two essentials for success In Denmark aro the guaranteeing by the producer for the supply of pigs, and se- curity for loan for fixed' and work- ing capital. The rules of a factory aro givon, and will no doubt be studied with interest. Those Interested in ¡the development of our dairying and accom- panying Industries must be realising, from a perusal of these articles, that there Is noth- ing to prevent this country attaining the 'same success us Denmark, given thorough co- operation and enterprise. Amending Local Government Act.-Boforo Parliament goeB into recess the Minister for Works proposes to. amend the Local Govern- ment Act in several directions, principally in the machinery sections. This Is in accord- ance with promises made to deputations which have from time to timo brought under Minis- terial notice defects and difficulties In the working of the Act. Mr. Griffith said yes- terday that as no political principle would be involved in the alterations, ho intended to ask the House to put all party feeling aside, and deal with such of the amendments en- tirely on its merltB. A copy of tho amend- ments would bo supplied in advance to every member of tho House, and to every local governing body, and when the resolutions had been dobated and voted upon a bill would be Introduced for the purpose of giving them legal effect. The Minister added that his reason for adopting this novol course was to got a true expression of opinion on the moans proposed for making the local government machina run smoothly, for he recognised "that thero are many old members of the House whoso opinions I would rather take on many matters affecting local government than my own." '- Public Works Proposals.-A few days ago the Attorney-General, Mr. Holman, said that when Parliament resumed next month the Government would carry through to comple- tion several important land bills, the Trea- surer's financial proposals, the Greater Syd- ney and Greator Newcastle bills, tho Supremo Court and Circuit Courts (Amendment) Bill, and sevoral small measureB. Tho Minister for Works added to this list yesterday by I saying tbat he Intends to carry through all the Public Works proposals appearing on the buslncsR paper last month, and to amend tho Local Government Act. The Dacey Settlement-Mr. Griffith, Minister far Works, has received from the Tramway Advisory Board a report recommending the extension of tramway facilities to the silo at Kensington on which Mr. Dacey proposes to erect cottage homes at the cost of th.* State. Mr. Griffith said yesterday that further Investigation Vould bo necessary, to make sure that the best route bad been reeom ' mended. No time would be lost in making | this further investigation, and the trnmway would bo provided with the least possible delay. I Wanted, One Thousand Workmen.-The Minister for Works intends to push on as rapidly as possible with all public works authorised by Parliament. Ho remarked yes- terday:-"As far as I can judge, within six months from now I will require 1000 addi- tional workmen for railways and other public works-but I do not know where they are to como from." Federal Servants and Arbitration.-The answer givon yesterday in Melbourne by the Postmaster-General, Mr. Frazer, to the Com- monwealth Letter-carriers' Association depu- tation that they must apply to the Arbitra- tion Court for any further Improvement in conditions has apparently disappointed mem- bers of the association. Our Melbourne cor- respondent wires that the officers of the as- sociation in Melbourne declare that the Minister's statement is "unsatisfactory," and that the letter-carriers contend that, instead of their being forced into the Arbitration Court, tho Increase in wages they ask for should come from Parliament. During the regime of the previous Postmaster- General, Mr. Joalah Thomas, and at a period when relations were somewhat strained in the Sydney G.P.O.. and a public meeting was hold in the Protestant Hall to ventllato grievances, I the opinion was frooly expressed by promi- nent spokesmen in various branches of the servlco that settlement of their demands by the Arbitration Court, as proposed by Mr. Hughes, would be dlstastoful. Their conten- tion was that the proper body to regulate their wages and conditions was Parliament However, there is now in existence a law passed by Mr. Fisher's Government that ag- ' grieved Federal servants must go to the Arbi-,' trallon Court, and it seems as if the officiais of the letter- carriers are kicking against the pricks. The Complete Family.-The position of com- mander on board a flagship is by no means a sinecure. In conversation yesterday on board the Aso, Commander Nakasoto said:-"The ¡Admiral, he is the husband; the commander Is the wife, he looks after the housekeeping. And," laughing across to his brother officer, "I think the flag-lieutenant is the naughty boy!" Domestic Servant Problem. "It is quite time some practical attempt was made to solve the domestic servant problem," said Mrs. M. Stewart Barnet, of the "Trossachs.", Darling Point, who recently returned to Syd- ney from a tour of Europe. "It is almost an impossibility for people to get servants in Australia, yet there are numbers of girls | in England willing to come out here were it not for the difficulty of finding the money |to pay the passage. When In Ireland I met several girls fitted in every way to make ad- mirable servants who were anxious to come to Sydney, but out of their meagre wages could not save sufficient money to pay the passage. This difficulty is easily understood when I tell you the girls in question were only receiving 12s a month. The high wages ruling in New South Wales for domestic workers is a great attraction to the girls In the homeland, but the almost hopeless im- possibility of being able to save the neces- sary £6 or £7 for the passage out of a weekly wage of 3s stands in the way of Aus- tralia receiving a steady Influx ( servants, It was my Intention to bring two girls out to Sydney with me through the agency of the London Immigration Office, but I was not al- lowed to do so. The restrictions placed in the way of engaging servants in England to bring them out to Sydney are absurd. The difficulties one has to face are insurmount- able, or at least, I found them so. Ser- vants in England earn about £17 a year, so there should be no lack of applicants for positions in Australia at double or three times that wage, if reasonable facilities were made to encourage employers to engage them, and bring them out to this country." Ultra Vires Building Regulations.-Counsel has advised the Newtown Municipality that it has no power to insist that Plans for build- ing improvements should provide for 2000 squaro feet of lund space to each house. This opinion will doubtless como as a shock to. many municipalities which have been endoav-1 ouring to frame regulations for tho construc- tion of houses upon mode.*n snnltnry prln-| clples. Tho council had Issued a regulation j providing tor ihls amount of lund t. ico, und t It »as not until It began to onforco tho by-1 law that counsel advised that It was ultra vires The news came as n grout surprlap to the aldermen, and wbon It was imnoiiiirml at the last meeting of the council. tbt*>" re- pressed indignation that municipal uutbort ties, which were responsible for the ' cal hy- gienic conditions, and for the proper control of buildings, should be powerless to make the necessary regulations One of the aldermen said that they were "a mero lot of school- boys," the Mayor objecting to the statement, and remarking that the who'ä trouble arose fiom a defect in the Local Government Act Still, be said, the aldermen had been misled Tiey tncught they had power to enforce proper building regulations, and now discovered that they were helpless, and conse- quently had to allow buildings to pro- ceed according to plans considered un- suitable. Aldermen pointed out that the prov'slon of proper yard space for houses, par- ticularly in the suburbs, vi as a most urgent matter, and vitally concerned ihe health of the people. They could never combat dis-1 cases, especially consumption, unless they In- sisted on proper breathing space, and they could never prevent the creation of slum areas' If council's hands were to be tied by an ab-1 svrdly dilectlve law. However, the New-1 town aldermen are going to hold a speclnl meeting to "discuss what action should bel taken, ¡ A Telegraphic Record-Shakespeare's Puck, who claimed to "Put a girdle round about the earth in 40 minutos," would still find it easy to competo against the operators of the Com-1 monwealth Telegraphic Department, if the ex- perience of Mr Richard Stono is to be ac-| ceptcd as a typical example. This gentleman ' on Monday sent a telegram to Mulgoa, reply i paid The telegram was sent at a quarter to 4 p.m., and the reply was received by him at 13 15 p m. on the folio» ing day, a period of 235 hours for something like 44 miles. Mr. Stono has, he says, since concluded that the sender I of roply-paid telegrams Is engaging In a game I of lottery. ' New Lino of Steamers -Tho Compagnie Na- vale do 1'Occanle 1b tho namo of a new French line of steamers which has been formed with the Intention of trading between Antwerp and French ports to Australia and New Caledonia The first steamer, the Brel« Huel, which loft Calais on November 15 and sailed from Dur- ban on December 24, arrived at Sydney yester- day morning She will leave for Noumea and Tahiti on Saturday, proceeding thence to Monte Video, en route to Europe. Other Bteamers to follow aro tho Saint Nicolas and Saint An- drews They have been chartered by Mr. Bal- I lande, of Noumea, Mr. Maurice Segur being the Sydney agent. Strong Drink -The Attorney-General haB ' received from the Inspector-General of Police a report as to the result of the analysis of 110 samples of liquor taken from various hotels within the metropolitan licensing dis- trict during the months of October and No- vember last. The liquor was obtained from D7 hotels, and upon analysis no noxious or deleterious Ingredients wore found therein. In seven Instances, however, the samples were found to be adulterated by added water, and the licensees concerned wore prosecuted and, fined In amounts ranging from £2 to £3. Spitting and Smoking-Two additional regu- lations under the Pure Food Act have been gazetted. Tho first sots forth that "no per- son shall spit and no person shall smoke or chow tobacco while engaged In the manufac-, ture, packing, or storing of any food for sale," I and the second decroeB that no person shall ' sell any milk or cream or skim or separated milk in any place of public resort or on a round from house to house unless his name and address are conspicuously inscribed on the cart or can used 