LONDON STRIKE. POSmITION UNALTERED. EMPLOYERS REFUSE TO CONFER. London, May 31. The position in connection with the strike of transport workers in .London is practic ally unchanged. The President of the Board of'Trade (Mr. Sydney Buxton) has been :n. deavouring to arrange for a conference to day between the parties to the dispute, but it is feared that his efforts will end in failur as some of the employers have declined to attend the conference. The master lightermen, in a letter to Mr. Buarton, declare that they yielded to pressure before and they were not encou raged to repeat the experience. They refuse to rediscuss last autumn's agreement and they are determined, they state, to see ihe matter through in the interests of them:r, aelves, the Port, and the public. The Short Sea Traders Aseocnaion and also the master carmen decline to stteaoi he conference. The Wharfingers' Association has informed Mr. Burton that neither the members 'of that association nor the Port Authority were parties' to the reference of the agreements to Sir Albert Rollit or Lord Alverstono for interpretation. The Government will seek to persuade the employers to agree to adhere to the condi tidns of last year's agreements if the men observe them fairly. The crews of nine barges in the naval har hour at Dover have struck out of sysmathy with the London transport workers. At the Albert Dock yesterday an attempt was made to unload a steamer. All the me chanics and engineers on board thereupon quitted the vessel. The s.s. Athenic, which is due to take i,200 immigrants to New South Wales. is unable to leave London. The steamer service between Tilbury and Ostend has been suspended. The R.M.S. Maloja, bound for Australia, bas taken on mail matter only. THE. GOVERNMENTS INTENTIONS. The "Daily Ness" states that the Govern. ment will insst? upon the men resuming work. It intends to estaabish a joint Arbi. tration Board to control all the parties working the Port, and if the masters refuse to recognise the Board legislation will be introduced to compel them to do so. CALTL FOR .WORKERS. One hundred men have responded to a e?al from the Port of London Authority to un load vessels at. the Millwall docks. Fifty men have been re-engaged at old rates at the West India docks. At a meeting of un emnployed in Hyde Park yesterday 40 men volunteered to unload food. cargoes at a remuneration of 35s. per week, in addition to board and lodging. One hundred strike breakers have left Dover for Queenborough, whoc they will be transhipped to Lon STRIKE COMMITTEES APPEAL. The strike committee has paned a reo lution to seek the support of other unions, including those of skilled workers in trades connected with shipping, in order to vindi ate the principles of trade unionin. The committee has progested aeinst the aetion of the mounted police, escorting the eon. voys, in riding through the crowds. It will decline, it states, to be responsible for the peaceful conduct of the strike should such methods continue. It summons the police, as members of the working class, not to act as the brutal instruments of the mcapitalist THREATENED NATIOIAL ISOPPAGE. A trustee of the Seamen's and Rnemen'a Union declare~ that the lattens votes at the meeting of the executive of the Traspart Workemrs' Federation to-morron will ffice to prevent a national strike. The executive of the" Scottish. Dookers' Union protests againet "the action of the London bureaucrats in issuing a mandate to stop work all over the country," and it adds, "We will not stand it." The executive of the Sailors' and Fire men's Union has issued a circular denin that the members of. branches outside to don have been authorised to strike. SIR E. CLARKE'S REPORT At the request of the Home Secretary (Mr. Reginald McKenna) a deputation of employ. era, including the Port of Lonidon Authority, met at the Home- Office yesteiday to ean sider Sir Edward. Clarke's report. A fur ther meeting will take place next Monday. UNIONISTS AND NON-UNIONISIS, The Shipowners Dock abour Committee has issued a notice declaring that the sr ments of July and-August last, providing, inter alia, that unionists shall work with. out mnn-muioniste has been terminated by the strike, and that henceforth the Com mittee will only. employ sunch men as are prepared to work 'with either unionists or non- unionis. . .AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE. Clerks, salesmen, and members-of import mg firms are unloading Danish and Sirian butter at Hay's wharf. The .s. Anchiuse has discharged ell her Australian apples (in clding the -London consignment) at Liver' pool without interference. The principal im pkarters are asking the owners of the sa Argylhire'- to ead the vresel to'ivepool to dichrge her Australian produce, as they are aiioas to relieve the lndaon arket, which wille greatlycongested as soon as INTEBNATIONAL POSmTION. Harrw Jchiale, en of h ntr tional Tusmaport orkers' Federation, re f -es-to promise support for the I~ n strikers until e a~rcemrves detailed reports of the causes and objects of the strike. COVKN' GARDEN '¶OUBLTE Thme msrit of the Covent Garden porters wr r wages have resumed THE A TRALIAN LBBON. London, liy 31. Addressing the Liverpool Chamber of Com me y yesterday, the ýal of Derby said that Great Britn would gain mnch in comec tion with labour troubles if she studied the Australian legislation. A SWISS TRAGEDY. Zurich, May 31. Otto Kaiser, a non-unionist, was aquitted yesterday.on a charg?oof having killed one of anumbeorof strikers who assaulted him dur ing a recent strike. The jury held that he had acted in self-defence. 