fstm vaiuch&,sources Guido Glaldlni, the whistler now appearing attiieNational Theatre, Is a peculiar personage and in - many ways rqpiarkable $oni inltaly, educated in Florence, he becante a military attache, and spent many years in practical idleness. This life became irksome to him and hesought a more venturesome career. Sent with" a band ofBoldiers to suppress smuggling in the Alps, he was shot In the lungs and lay at the point of death. While recovering, the doctor told him to whistle as much as be could, because whistliafe was helpful to. the longs. So for days he used to lie out on the mountains. whlstUng'and trying to Imitate the birds. At the end of sis months he. began, to enjoy whistling, and, as fee -says, made friends with the skylarks byrfslng early and imitating their song. When he had completely recovered Gialdlni: continued with his whistling, and one' night at the. military headquarters he was pressed to entertain his brotherofficers. From that out he became a whistling entertainer. One of Gialdini's features is that he can accurately whistle any given note in ahy given key without the aid of_a piano or other instrument—In fact, he always tunes his violin from the notes of his whistling instead or using a piano , or tuning reed. • * • Noticed in the public prints that a specialist has been condemning the "sheath" or ttube" skirt on the grounds that it causes girleens who inhabit them to become knock-kneed., He also avers that the shape of a woman's legs is a good index to her character. Well, most women £re knock-kneed by nature-seems a physical peculiarity of the sex, and it 1 takes more than a couple of years to produce a divergence in physical characteristics, so that the woman who has the good fortune to be bow-legged needn't be scared of losing her attraction. -It is interesting to know that the shape of a woman's, leg is an index to her character, hut It As not likely that the popularity - of palmistry will wane on that account The specialist quoted (whom the writer suspects to be a hireling of the j underskirt manufacturers) further says . that a woman who sticks to "tube" ! skirte ail her life ^ll be knock-kneed ; at the age of 48. Well, fashions don t last a lifetime, and, anyway, what ] c does it matter, at 48? That young man up Castlemaine way who wrapped an application'for a wife around an" apple intended for ex- port, and received requests for the position from 103 English girls in one mail, is an ungrateful wretch. He said in his note that Australian girls were a failure: 80 far as he was concerned. Of course this may mean that he was a failure so far as Australian girls were concerned. However, we . are glad to find that his "apple-ication" was a success. If the} 103 girls opme out in a.batch and rush him, he will have the hot time he deserves. Still, he has done' some good in giving us to see how Australia may be advertised, and the big demand for Servants may be met If every Australian apple sent to Europe were wrapped in a note applying for a wife, the rush of European damsels might result in our getting all the girls we are short of. * * . * "Australia doesn't seem to remem- (ber," says an exchange, "that there are several million colored people -within a few days' steam of her empty land, who are annoyed that a lot of good food-growing country should be going to waste. It not only prods the Chinese and the Japanese person, .. . but . it . throws . . a clod at . any . kind of a person who happens not to be born of two pale parents. Thus it is permitting (after a struggle) a Samoan lady who is the wife of a British man to stay in the land for one month, the supposition ' being that if permitted, to stay longer sh^ may be a menace to something or other, the Government isn't quite sure, about Not long since Australia scratched its head over the problem of a Roumanian princess who had among her entourage an Egyptian servant But" ultimately the pernicketty Commonwealth suspended the Alien Immigration law in order to allow the foreign lady and her Egyptian "boots" to have a holiday. The Egyptian wasn't allowed to stay long enough to become a menace, or whatever it is. But the princess, finding that New Zealand wag 50 per cent more particular ahout having its purity smirched by visitors cut out the New Zealand visit, and drifted back to Roumaifta. A little Australasian' persistence and a few more studied insults may have the effect of turning the stream of emigration our way—and there won't be any poll-tax to collect" • • * * Re the kilt Why howl if it disap-" pears? Because it is Scotch? Because Scotch soldiers (from Glasgow, Dublin, Bermondsey, Liverpool, and Devonshire) have climbed hills In' kilte. The kilt isn't more Irish than Scotch, nor more Scotch than Hindoo (the hill tribes wear it), not more Hindoo than Maori, not more Maori than blackfellow (who wears a kilt of emu feathers when he feels -dressy), not more blackfellow than Kaffir, not more ' Kaffir than Fijian, tfnd not more Fijian than ancient Grecian. In Australia there are men in "Scottish" companies whose parents were Norwegian, Danish, Swedish, and so on—the "Scottish" companies are parts of rifle battalions and are therefore like gorgeous flowers in a field of docks. If it IBL the only garment fit toclimb hills in, all infantry should wear it In its pristine beauty it offers a beautiful mark, so the Scottish Tommy on service wears a khaki apron over his gaud and forgets his sporran. He also discards the "trews." She: And how is your bachelor Mend? * He: When I saw nun last he^was mending very slowly. She: Indeed! I didn't know he'd been ill- He: He hasn't been—he was sewing fresh buttons .on .his -underwear! "Jack proposed to me while turning the mQsic for me at the piano." "Ah, X see! Tou played right Into his hands." Recently a letter of introduction was handed by -an actor to a manager which described the presenter as an actor of much merit, and concluded, "He plays Macbeth, Richelieu, Hamlet, shylock, and billiards. He plays billiards best!" /We are admonished that a good name is better than great riches—' but most of us keep right on hustling for riches just the same. "Have you noticed, my friend, how many fools there are on earth?" "Yes; and there's always one more than you think." 