A Fractured Thieh. An old man named Edward Cocks, 7.1. years of age, a resident of Portland- street, Horseshoe Uend, was admitted to the Mait lnnd Hospital this morning, suffering from a fracture of the thigh. CocUs, who was per forming gardening work at the time of the accident, attempted to walk without the, aid jf a stick, which he ordinarily uses, when he fell, causing the injuries slated. The wholesale price of milk in Mel bourne has been raised to 1/ per gallon. At the Court of Marine Inquiry Captain Mucking was congratulated on his appoint ? men I (is Superintendent of Navigation. The German ship Herzogln Cecille, with 51 cutlets in training for the Norddeuts c'her Uoyrt service, arrived in Sydney on Friday. . The potato crop at Orange and Blnyncy is seriously affected . by the. dry conditions. The outlook for dairy fanning on the south v.oast. Is gloomy, owing to the absence of rain. The Eight. Hours Committee has come to a decision in regard to the question of II v-* days as a working week. It was recom mended that 'eight, ,'iours work a day IVir live days' ho inserted In the propostri ISighthonr Hill. ' The Queensland Government has com pleted negotiations for Hie supply of .- large .quantity of coal from .lapan. Tho number of men available for work on tlio w.harfs In Brisbane is increasing each day. A number of Immigrant minors arrived at AVollonfiong on Monday, and secured work at' Mount Kenibla Close on 200 men are Idle at; the ISlec trolytic works at Port Konihln, owing to1 tho Queensland strike. Thero paecsd away on Wednesday - ? noon; '? Mr.. Archibald Moore, of Klllnwarrn, near Wlnghnm. The deceased lady had pic sided over Killawarra post ofllce for almost TO years, and' had1. resided In Killawarra for n early CO years. The Poa'l output at LKhgow ror the wi!3k has been normal, though cnnnldornblo dolav was oueasloned by the scarcity of trucks. The final pay was handed out to the miners at Newnes on Tuesday, and about 200 Jolt by a free train. The Department of Lahoiii Qiuloavourod to arrange a conference of both sidox with Judge ScholOH. II Is vn norietl that the president of the l,abour Council visited Ulhgow and met the mem bers of thti def en co commltloo. Mr Millur, It Is Hlalnd, watt put In possession of tho ininorB1 ciiro, with a view lo-a spltloniont vA mepllng of the council of Ilie 'Pam worlh Ualhvny Lofiguo, In coiiiioollon with ' he Wolllngton-WerrlH Creole railway pro 'fjofitil, was held yesterday n( 'Tamworlh, under tho presidency of Mr. .T. J. Lord. The meeting considered that, a (iroHS-country railway wiih absolutely nocensary, and that Werri.s1 Creek, being already the terminus, nnd being otherwise suif'able,' should he olio '(if 'the,toniiliiating noiiitn of the line. TJie mooting could not, _ however, say at the pretignl time whether, Wolllngton or' Dub]-o should bo the other, point. .A motion was carried thai three .mdn-bo appointed to ti'a vdrso ihe 'Worrls. Creok-Welltnglon oHd Worrls Cireek and IJubbo routes, and report ffonorally. ?-, .' \ ' During th'o your 1911'Uio | arrivals in' the 6olninonwoalth luiniberod 141,900,, as com pardd with- 9D,G!)2' for 'the 'provlouH yonr. The doiuirtures nupiboi'od Q'l,200 in 1911, as coin pared with 58, 14 0, In 1910. Tho ex cess of arrivals over doptirturcB wus'79,70!] In 1911, as compal-ed yvlth 37,5-I7 in 1910. Of the arrivals last, 'yonr '13(1, 242 wore, of wliHo 'nationalities, 12-1, .183 bolng DrltlHli, 2(l:i'ii aormnn, 1-1-I3- Scn'n^lnnvlnn, 1-1I?7 .Italian, 120G Kronch',, J 1 87 .AuBlrinn, 1013 iRussInn, 809' Amorlcan, 011 Greek, H87 Danish, 322 Dutch, 143 Spanish,' 132 Swiss, 1 0 ? TurkiBh, and 100 .belo'nglng to othor whl 16 racoa. Tho total nuihbor of Imml jcninls of, cploured, niitlonhlHtos' wan fi007, the races most largely', represented bolnp, Clilneso,' wllh 302-l,jMalnys with 1_1'4IJ, and Jfipnnoso -with 404, .The Mopni'luroH of col oured poopio numborod GO 00, so° (hat Hip omlgi'atlon of. coloured a'llons ixoeedoil the Immigration by 3!) 9. ! ?-; Tlin. South Coijit colliorli'S _ worked f'lll time this w.i'nk to copn' with' the large tle maii'd for coal. .A sad' drowning fatality occurred at Pal mer's Island. Mrs. ? W, Pheliis, wife of a local fisherman, missed her 17 months' old son, whose' body was 'discovered ten. minute's later floating in the river near the punt in front of the house. The mother jumped in1o water iSiii dee]) and secured the body, but all efforts to restore animation failed. It' is. believed the child fell over tho stone embankment. ? . . Three cases of ptomaine poisoning occur red at Crookwell Convent on Wednesday. Three nuns, Rev. Mother Agnes aiid Sisters IClfsiabeth and Angelus were taken, seriously ill and partaking of some tinned meat. Medi cal aid was at once obtained, and the pa tients are now out of danger. ' .While going his rounds at Forbes, Dr. P. L. Droudbeut's motor car was overturned near Wood's Crossing, through getting into a dusthole. The doctor was pinned underneath and sustained a broken rib, but was able to walk about town afterwards. The chauf feur was thrown clear, and was unhurt. The car was badly damaged. Trouble has arisen at Oakey Park col liery over the discharge of a wheeler. The men declare that they will not resume wo ill until the wheeler nns been reinstated. Tin*. Commonwealth Treasurer (Mi1. Fipjier) announced that the Government if taking steps towards having the Australian notes printed within the Commonweal!'!. Advertisements are being prepared calling for applications from persons capable of filling the position of noto printer. The salary if. t.o be about .G 800 a year. Tlio Under-Socrnlary for Mfnes, Air. R K\ Plttman, Ih now in receipt, of a report- from the mining registrar at Margraves respecting tlio discovery of a rich gold find reported a few days; ago. He states that, the nugget, in question was found In old ground nt a place known as Nnggett.y Gully, about: ono mile south-south-east of Margraves. The sinking is shallow where it, was unearthed, the ground being about Cl'l, in depth. When washed the specimen weighed 1.01b troy, and Is estimated t.o contain 80oz. of gold. This is (he third nugget discovered in the locality within the last ten weeks. In De cember last .1. Robinson found a nugget of gold weighing 2l!oz, and In January a speci men weighing; about 71b, troy was obtained by J. Mitchell, which yielded 10ok of gold. The land is held under gold lease by tlio North Mount. Hoppy Company, limited. 