OF RURAL INTEREST.l (By "Rustic") ADDING NEW PROVINCES TO vi? TORIA. The departure of the Victorian Land Settlers' delegation for America may. be taken as the chief event , of' the week from the point of view that is taken in this colunin-that of rural interests. Messrs. -W. Catanach and D. Dowrick, who have been entrusted with the important mission to bring to this State expert irrigationists from those parts of the United States where the wilderness has been conivert ed into a land flowing with milk and honey by the judicious use of water, are entitled to the standing of am Sbassadors. Upon the success of their efforts depends the realisation to the full of the'potentialities that lie in our irrigable lands. And the effects of the influx of a body of the keen American irrigationists who .know the business and have the energy and determina tion required to ?nake the most of their opportunities, would not be. con fined to Victoria. The adjoining States have the essentials for adding the new provinces and immense increase of pro -uction' which can be brought into ex istence by irrigation pioperly applied. New South Wales is already beginning to sit up and take notice of the results attending Mr. Elwood Mead's work hero. It is said that the Government of the neighbouring State is so impres sed with his ability that they are offer= ing tenipting inducements to him to go over to their service. The object lesson which will be provided by the American irrigationists,,f. J?d1essr,. -?itaaimnhandriouwricl- are able to se 'cu e them- will therefore have a far reoaeliiig influence, and will be a po tent factor in the development of the producing industries of Australia. Another phase of the matter is the influence these men would have upon the native-born, who are disposed to regard .irrigation with scant respect. The Premier, spoeaking a few days ago, said that in addition to sending the delegation to America another should be, sent through Victoria for the pur 4loso of bringing about an under standing of what there is in irrigation. He is right. The opening up of.the Northern Territory, which is being ini tiated by the Federal Government in a punsy sort orfwhy, will doubtless take from us a lot of the young men whom we can ill afford to lose. The fascina tion of the wide areas of country ,will have a greater charm for\ these men than the much nore remunerative til ling of the land upon the lines of the succesful rragationist, .who is a much more valuable member of the com munity and, withal, a, more comfort able and a happier one than those who join those "dusty foreloopers" of the "Legion that never was listed." :The possibilities that are in irriga tion'are indicated in the recently is sued report of the State Rivers and Water Supply Commission. It points out. that for the past three years the commission has been at work on the 'construction of many miles of new channels and erecting new and larger pumps on the Murray. This work has cost a large sum of money, but it has given much larger and more reliable water supply, and created in farmers and fruit-growers who believe in ir rigation a confiedence they lacked be fore. As a result new activity is re ported as being manifested, land is be ing graded, lucerne and other fodder crops seeded, orchards and vineyards planted. Over 700 acres of now or chards have been planted in Rodney this season, a larger area has been planted to trees and vines in White Cliffs, and substantial additions have been made to the intensely cultivated areas in Swan Hill and Cohuna. In order to enable settlers who ar rived late last year to have a sunlmmer supply of fodder, the commission, by arrangement with the Closer Settle ment . Board. ploughed graded and seeded to lucerne about.3000 acres of land in tracts of from '5 to 20 acres on individual blocks. It also prepared and seeded several hundred additional acres to annual fodder crops. This is probably the greatest increase in the area seeded to ,lucerne made in one year since the irrigation districts were started. It is regarded by the com missioners as being yet too early to forecast the contribution of the State's wealth Wthich these new settlers will make. Much. work is at present pre paratory. There are, however, many who have been in the State less than a year who are making large returns each month. The increased use of wa ter, and the compulsory charge for the volume allbtted for irrigation is also improving the flniaicial .condition of the various districts suppliedl. Development, it is stated would have been impossoble had there not been' a marked increase in population and labor in the irrigation districts. There were not enough Victorian set tlers to use -the surplus water, and in 3} years prior to July, 1910, only 1554 immigrants of all classes had come from oversea. The mission of thl dele gation abroad was to find settlers and workers for the irrigation 'areas. In the single year from July, 1910, to June, "1911, 6008 people arrived and were dealt with by the office handling this class of immligransts; it created new and better conditions, and awoke new confidence and energy. In addi tion to.those reported by the Immigra tion.department,a considerable number of settlers from abroad has been nt tracted to to the irrigation districts by the wide publicity given to its oppor tunities ansd has gone'ther- without being included in the above tptal. The arrival of these settlers has;, it is re ported, 'stimulated local interest' and increased settlement by Victorians, and as a result irrigation hkis made greater progress in the last twelve monthslthan for many years previous ly vacaint blocks at White Cliffs, Nyai, Cohuna; and Shepparton have been taken, and practically the whole of. the .new. closer settlements at. Ko yu a, Nanneella, and Banmawn is oc cupied. - - . - Since the present movement for ir rigated closer settlement began,69,658 acres of land have been acquired by -.the State,- and. 4029- ncr s:have -been taken by 757 'settlers. "- ?O's' o acres is being subdivided and made ready for settlers, and negotiation for the purchase bf a large additionas acreage are pending. Reference is made n the report to the need of- expert irrigators. It is poinited out that as vet this feature of the Victoriany immigration policy has niot been carried into effect,and oase fun damental idea of that policy, whice was to secure farmers who were ex perts in irrigated agriculture, is in dangger of being lost sight of. It is, the commissioners state, of thle utmost importance that this matter should have early attention. The State is Ittemnptin'g in irrigation klistricts to make a small area support a large lpopulation, and to create tihe kind of agriculture which wsill giveo as comfort able a living from 50 irrigated acres as cman be had from 300 acres depen dent on rainfall. In other words, it is attempting to establish onl a large scales the highest forjn of agriculture known. TIh soil, climate anid water supply make tlleso results possible. It is a region of great and variedl pos sibilities, but these can only be realis ed through having ii, tlhese districts a considerablo percentage of farmiers lwho are able to (do the required work in tIe best mianner, a and who will be content witIh Iothing less. Such men will:be an exaniple, and incentive to beginners withiout experience. Theso klistriets need orchlardists who know how to ,row citrus fruits; they ineed vinieardists who have had experience in growing aind shlipping table grapes; they need farmers who understand dairying, lucerne growinsg and lamb fattening; and, above all, thley need a cinsiderable percentage of settlers who believe in irrigation, anld are skill ed in its practice. THE OUTLET FOR THIE PRODUCTS The decision of the State V.binet last week to establish fruit-canning factories in` connection with the arrina tion settlements is ap,oarn'est of ra in telligent developmental policy on -the part - of the Government which' is a u6d'dngury- for the future of those *settlements. Increased production is no good without market facilities. Fruit-growing is one of the most pay able of. industries where intense cul ture is engaged in, and with a means to dispose of. the output of the or clhirds there'is an assurance of hand some returns for labor .that is not so arduous'as that of-most rural callings. The object of establishing these can ning factories is to provide a certain market for fruit produced under ir rigation, as under fruit growing it will be possible to effect a much closer set tlement of the irrigation areas. The Cabinet has decided to take initial steps towards "the establishment of one factory. It will be necessary in the first place to get a man who under stands fruit canning. It is suggested that'. ultimately four factories will be required. The cost per factory is es timated at under £8000. It has not been decided . whether the factories shall. be exclugively under Government control. ANOTHER .L\PORTANT TASK FOR DELEGATION TO AMERICA. I have time-and again expressed the opinion-that nothing should daunt the powers that be. in the excellent and somewhat difficult task -of establishing the beet sugar in this State upon a sound basis. There are big thing's ii It, but the difficulty is how to get the farmer to grow the requisite amount of beet. All sorts of inducements have been o.c ,,u t?e o:en in the neigh bourhood of the Maifra Factory, but apparently without avail. To take up beet growing would mean something of a new departure, ann they won't get out of the rut let the inducements bB wh?'??f-tlithiy i .The -factory seuld deal-, with All - the beet that could be grown upon "6000 acres,, but the raw Imaterial inow obtainable is limited to that raised upon about 1000 acres. Here, again, is anu instance of the need for someone to come along and show what.can be made out of beet growing carried out on proper lines. Then perhaps our farmers will consent to cast aside prejudice against this branch of agriculture-a prejudice which can only be accounted for by the fact that the industry is a new one in this country. - The Cabinet last week agreed to authorise- Mr. Catan ach, duning his" visit to America, to en deavour to induce some beet growers there--uone who know how-to come to:Maffra. Let us hope he succeeds: THE RIGHT WAY AS OPPOSED; TO THE CASUAL WAY. A Sydney weekly published a satire upon the 'attention to detail in dairy work, which is held to be necessary to ensure the best results. It depicted an- irate farmer examining -a cow and shouting to an unseen helper:--"Here, Bill, .why the h- haven't you brush ed Brindle?" A voice from the shed replied despairingly:--" Give a man chance. I ain't .finished: shaving -the. bull yet." But by means -f the' care for the herd thus satirised can be built up a reputation that pays to have. As witness the case of Denmark.- Aus tralia sent to England 667,966 cwt. of .butter during last year. Denmark' sent 1,726,096 cwt. Danish butter has a reputation worth coveting. That re putation, also, is not the result of ac cident, but of downright scientific cal culation. There 'are 21 agricultural and horticultural schools in Denmark besides the veterinary and agricultural college in Copenhageni. If possible, Danish milk is even beter than Danish butter. It chooses the farms from which it will receive the milk.. From that time forth the company's own veterinary .surgeon 'visits - each farm !twice every month and examines each individual cow. If any cow ias Bus pected of being unhealthy, the surgeon has it removed, and on each visit he has to fill in and forward a scheduled form, stating" the condition of the cows and other nmatters. Twice in each 'year the company's dairy expert--a lady--pays a -surprise visit to each farm, and stays a day' there to see for 'lherself that they: un derstand scientific cleanliness in' milk ing in using the Ulander filter, and cooliig the milk, and she has to for ward o a detailed report on specified questions. Every 'cow has first 'been subjected to the tuberculin test, ahnd during the winter, when the cows in these countries have to be housed, the hiiir oni the udders, loins and, tails ?is clipped, so as to help the work of'keep ing the cows clean. All.these pro cautions are taken by the milk supplyj company in regard to the cows before even you begin to touch on the milk itself.:-- - - - ",. The precautions taken with.. the' ac tual milk are aimed at keeping it free from harmful bacteria from: the, mo mnet it leaves the udder to the mo ment when it is druuk. 'As:anarticlo in a Danish newspaper, saiti-"' Ex pectoration from a consumptive work iman in a carelessly-conducted work house is cairried by -a driaught. of air to an open pail or can; a year or so later some child dli's df intestinal tuberculosis." That -is just as. much cause and effect, the- paper says, as the fall of a man after the discharge of a nmurderer's pistol. .. At -theisame time, they do not belieoe in- boilingl or pasteurising milk. "Ho:'whbo patte .rises good milk,'f they say, "'isata fool.; and lie who pasteurises bad niilk. s- a rogue." The, Danish method nowi- i. to try by scrupulous cleanliness to en sure.no harmful-bacteria reaching the milk.--- ; . - .' All this is very far removed from the methods' in vogue in this" country. We are casual, there's no gainsaying it. Probably nobody realises this more than the men who are managing the big Nestle factoiry at Dennington.That concern provides its supphers with facilities for keeping the uilk in good condition. Among these is a neat lit tle building for every farm in which to store the milk, but it is only by the most rigorous system of inspectiom -that some of the dairymen can be pre vented from allowing their pigs to oc cupy it. The new minister had preached elo quently on the wisdoni of God, and his goodness in providing for us ac cording to our needs. "lt is thie same with thie flowers," hlie said. "Sun shine for your geraniums and helio trope, a slhajy corner for your fubh The little woman who had listened intently came forward to thlanik him. "I profited so -much by your ser mon," she exclaimed. The minister beamed. "' niever knew before," she went on, just whalt was the matter with my fuchias." Pat was being shown. anll incubator by one of his frienfls who had recently remnoved to the suburbs. He took great interest in all of the details and examined everythinllg with great care. Then, as he looked at about a thundred young chickens that had just been hatched, with an awed ex pression he said: "Human nature is a funny thing ,after all." Theo big steamer had left the pier. Thle young man on the tar barrel still slaved his iaaudkcrclhicf despar "Oh, whlat're you waitingi for? Come ou," said ris icomnpanion disgustedly. "I daren't"--with - ne fearful glance backward. "\\\'What's the matter?" "She Ihas a field glass," said the younig mian. "Madam"-an Oklahoma census tfaler was speaking to her who an swered his lkitok--" iw milany chil dren over six and under twenty-one have youT" "Lemnme see," she reflected. "Loem me see. Wal, sir thar .be two, over six an' two un er twenty-one." "An heirloom," explained the farmn er's wife to her thirteen-yea.r-old boy, "is something that hlas been handed downi from father to son, and ,n some instances is greatly prized." '"Id's prize these heirlooms I'm wear ing," remarked the youngster "a good deal more if they wasn't so loig inthe legs," 