IRELAND AS I FOUND IT. Lecture by Mr. M. O'Keefe. Queensland as a Field Tor Emigrants. The first < ( a seri.-s <>f winter lectures under the auspices -.f the Qufen- land Irish Associatn n was delivered at the CI ut> Rooms, Courier Buildings, on Sat urday evening by Mr. M. O'Keefte. former- i xr \T i a for rt.P l.nrkvrr, Mr. O'Keefte only recently :-cturnc«l from Ireland, whither he had l o:ie as th.» repres ntative of the cmwnsland Government in an en dea ui to ind'.e ir.shmi n lent on l«avin< their cat ' e Ia»:d to turn their steps to wards Queensland. ' There was an excellent attendance at the 1 rooms, and Mr. o'Keeffe'a address on the subject of 'Ireland as I found it last year" was listened to with interest. Id dealing with the question of immigration Mr. O'Keeffe was very practical and his re marks were as follows — It was almost to a day 36 years from the time I l-T' Ireland in 175 until I ar rived haek tnrre la.-t year. It would he #dle for uir to , retend that I was not de lighted with t h» .» orti.nity of revisiting my natvc laud, t - -ay n >th:n£ of the joy of meet those nearest and dearest to me under the same -dd ro"f tro» where I first saw tie »f day. 1 trunk everv man. and particularly every Irishman absent for any considerable time from his native land must feel with Scott when he wrote the beautiful lines : \- "Breathes there a man with soul so dead. Who ne-er to himse.f hath said. This is my own. my native land." But having feasted my eyes on the neauty spots of Ireland having crossed t rcr the Gap of Dunloe and shot the rapida on th-% neautifui lakes f ki'.l.u-'ii-y, .h i i satisfied myself that the poet, when he BODjtr so ex piisitely had not exaggerated its grandeur, and having seen other spots al- most ejually entrancing I fear I niu.it ten- fess that I was glad to return lo sunny Queensland. my adopted country, whose people and climate I have long since learned to love so well. My work as emigration representative gave me exceptional opportunities ..f get ting into touch with all classes, and l ar- ticularly with rural life. I visited almost e%c-ry part of the country, and I uoted the changes that had taken place during the lung interval of tny absence from Ireland. In the country districts I was pleased to note many changes for the better amongst the farmers, although there is still much room for improvement. The homesteads of the farmers are much »eater and comfortable, the standard of living is higher and the education of the people is greatly advanced. But all this has increased the cost of living and 1 am of the opinion that the earning powers of ihe people did not keep pace with the cost of living thus incurred, and from my observations it is harder to-day for the farmers to save up the inevitable fortune, which an old custom still demands to por tion off the girls of the family. IRELAND . S A FIELD FOR EMIGRATION. It would not te correct to say that :ny mission as an immigration agent to Ire land failed because of the strenuous op- j osition I met with there. The fact ia I was sent to Ireland at least a year too late, because before 1 had ha<l reasonable time to get to work, free and assisted passages were suspended by the Queensland p-overnment ">wing to the great rusk of ap plications for assisted passages from Scot- l nd and England filling up all available thiP7'ing accommodation fo many mont'.s ahead. It will le remembered that Mr. J. M. Campbell, had been prosecuting a vigorous emigration campaign in England and Scotland for several years ; and the Scottish Commissioners report in 1910 did much to place Australia, and particularly Queenlsnd. before ch » British puHic as a n» id of.ering great dvttnages to those resolved on quitting their cwu country, with the result that the Agent-General's - f- t'.ce was almost over -vhelmea with applica tions tilling eveiy shipping berth L.r r.--onths m advance ; al.r.osr all the appli cations com.ng Scotland ar.d Eng land. Thus «t was that early m August I was advised that th- Qu-ens'a.d Govern ment nad suspended immigration and in structed r.ot to receive anv more appliGi- t.cms "ntil further not.ee. Hcfor? receiving this notice, however, I -t :n fifimc strcn i »i;s ' r.< and met hun dreds "f mm .n the ''.unties of Limerick, ( lare. Kerry. Tipreray, f nd Waterfcrl, .«nd sicceed.-d .n r.ceiwn applications fiOTi ff. era1 hundreds, and from my esperi- ,nc t en &i; d a'terwaids in touring Ire land T am convince!, that given rea son- ;tnlc time, t would succeed in diverting to 'ieonsland at least a reasonable porti-.n ( : th- stream of emigration constantly v.-nd r g its w&y; to Canada and the United . and wnen Ssi Thomas Robin?on is p',f> t t - 1 1 a-o London en a visit o' ..-fiNiend I wrote to him pledging r- n;y in,«si<"<n a success in spite of . il <\- i..Mt;on if I were granted the same r'c.r I r:.«; as wen- ' irv -ed in England and -fotLnd dunr.g the previous four or five I was the more convinced I was r.Lh/ r r l . attitude because everywhere I fj-.nd !.'.ndr ds < people anxious to learn f-oT.eth r.g about Que usland. Just now tberc arc about norr.in- ..Uf.ns j er m< nth coing home from people .ii Quuslan 1 Scotch and English) to ;:ieir friends ,n the old country. and in »ny opinion. « nc.» Queensland was made known : n Ireland the same result would follow. 'ipfosiTlON TO EMIGRATION. It ia true that the clergy, the press, pub lic men generally, farmers, and all em ployers of labour are opposed to emigre.- ti n. Hut it is equally true, in the face of ft : ! :hat .»; positron that, a irr-at stream o« rants e .ntini.cs to leave Ireland an n ur li> cffietly for the United States. ZZ.'j'V having left Inland ;n 191'». The e-i-atst. 'jst.vi" 1 f.uuai to emigration ready cash on the part of those desiring to quit the country. But 1 am convinced that if the provisions of our liberal immi gration scheme combined with our liberal land settlement policy, could be made more widely known to the intending emigrant, riving them reasonable time to prepare, wc would soon have a steady stream of Irish emigrants wending their way towards Queensland who are now flocking to America. With those opposed to emigration from a patriotic point of view I am in full sympathy, because we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that the continual drain age of the best bone and sinew of the nation must be highly detrimental to her prosperity. Viewing the question from that point of view I would be the last to use any undue influence to encourage my coun trymen to leave their native land. It has never been my wish . nor the wish of the Irish people of Queensland, I make bold to say, to induce any of our countrymen to break up their homes in Ireland even with a sure prospect of bettering their condition here. But since so many of our countrymen are resolved to quit their na tive land, and year by year leave for other shores in tens of thousands, it is only fair that we in Queensland should claim a share at least of those determined to tr> their luck in other lands. In my opin ion it devolves upon us as Queensland Irishmen ; and it devolves upon the Queensland Government as a duty to take steps to place reliable information of the resources of Queensland before the would be emigrant in Ireland, who is 6eeKing fresh fields where to secure a better home. Yes it becomes our duty to tell them of the magnificent prospects which Queensland offers to all industrious men and women who may decide to cast in their lot with us. And what a grand demonstration the Queensland Irishmen are able to place be fore their countrymen at home. We can truthfully tell them of the success of our early Irish settlers, who came out here practically without a shilling, and settled upon the lane at a time when there was very little opportunity of disposing of their farm produce to advantage ; and when there was no railway communication or oversea markets. In the face of all the in itial difficulties of a new country they carved out for themselves successful homes and are certainly in the front rank of prosperous agriculturalists. And again we must not forget the hun dreds of successful Irishmen in the com mercial world, in the trades and profes sions ; and of the eminent Irishmen who have climbed to place and power in the political arena through sheer ability, prov ing to the world that all that Irishmen need is elbow-room ; or in other words, equal opportunity to enable them to hold their own against all comers. With these facts before us does it not seem a pity that our countrymen should continue to flock to America, where labour is now most certainly congested, and where the man without money and experience is ruth- iessly pushed aside. Speaking of the success of a certain successful Irish farmer of Queensland who landed here, penniless, nearly 40 years ago. I showed on the canvass, &c.;, Queensland scenes, and amongst them were many farm scenes belonging to Irishmen who met with great success in Queensland. I made it a point whenever possible to show such pic tures in the neighbourhood from which the successful Queenslander came from in Ire land. Telling the name of the Queensland farmer I would ask if any of his relatives were present, and would get the answer : "Yes we are here still dragging the devil by the tail." About three years ago I travelled amongst the farmers in almost every part; of south-eastern Queensland, and I came into touch with farmers of every nation ality, and I can fearlessly say I found my countrymen everywhere with prosperous homes on the land, uniting with the peo ple of every other nationality in develop ing the resources of this great heritage of Queensland, destined to be the brightest gem set in the noblest British possession. Seeing then that our countrymen continue to leave Ireland in such large numbers I would strongly urge Irishmen in Australia and moreover Irishmen of Queensland, where we have so much to offer them, to nominate their friends and bring them out here. IRISH SHIPPING AGENTS ACTING FOR QUEENSLAND. After free and assisted emigration was suspended I received instructions to make a report on the various shipping agents wbo were authorised by the Queensland Government to act as emigration agents for Queensland. This gave me an oppor tunity of visiting many towns in Leinstr. Munster, Connaught, and Ulster, and I was supplied by the Agent-General's office with a list of such agents. It was only in r Uister and Mur.stei I found any agents ap- pointed to act for Queensland. Queens- land was not represented either in Connaught of Leinster, if we except the City of Dublin in the latter province- 1 visited most of these so-called agents and with one exception I found not the slight est apparent evidence that they were act ing as agents for Queensland ; while at the same time their counters were literally fitiewn with Canadian immigration liter ature. On being questioned on the subject some would excuse themselves that they dare not face the public opposition to emi gration in Ireland, but they would find it difficult to reconcile that statement with the fact iof their attitude towards Can adian emigration. In this connection, however, many of the ageuts will tell-yoi that it does not pay to push Queensland cr Australian emigration in as much as they got paid three times as much for every emigrant they secured for Canada, viz. — £1 by the Canadian Government, CI by the shipping agents, and very often £7 by the Canadian employers, who some times send direct for their labour through these agents. In making inquiries to prepare this re port I arranged with a number of agents in various parts of Ireland who were will- irg to display Queensland immigration lit erature if they were appointed as agents. I strongly recommended that a large pos ter be supplied to these agents to be set up outside their doors. Such posters to be specially prepared setting forth farm scene3 f Queensland and the advantages offered by Queensland to those desiring to s:-ttle upon the land. Just as I was leaving London I was in formed that fully S00 nominations per month were now reaching the Agent-Gen- tral's office from people already in Queens land, and jo:i will not? by our own news paper reports here from week to week that ( ach shipload is co mpr sed almost entirely f nominated immigrants. They are nearly all Scotch and English, whose friends here were -quick to grasp the position and re cognise the great advantages that Queens land offers to their countrymen. Why are the Irish slow in doing their part. The vast spaces of rich unoccupied land avail able in this State to those who decide to cast in their lot with us is as much the birth-right of Irishmen as it is of Scotch and English and Scandinavians, who are wise to be flucking here just now, in tens of thousands, while our countrymen are leav ing Ireland in tens of thousands for coun tries where there is little room for their energies. Let me urge my Irish fellow- QueensJanders th«-n to assist our country- men to at least get correct information of the resources of Queensland. Speaking again of the opposit: >n to emigration in Ireland and cf the many prejudices that are deliberately si r?e.d end fostered anout Australia. As soon as I arrived on the scene many ,.o v '»iers wrote strong articles against ivy .n-ss c... totally regardless of truth, and i-o g unr.g- ly prejudiced that they overshot tKo mark and most people saw that there was a mo tive. In one issue of the Dublin ' Fw.un's Journal" there was a sublea l?r -x.-; -ng people not to listen to u.nythin Queensland immigration agent hud to say. Australia was a dry and arid &c..; In a later issue the same itW- fpcr came out with large headlines thus : — "Bravo Australia, £21,000 subscr bed by the ir.sli of Australia, and three States to be visited yet." I wonder did it o 'cur to the readers of the "Freeman ' hew- the Irish in Australia could spare the in such a "dry and arid desert- In the schools and in the news' r s, Meikeljohn's British Empire G<o»iu;»i v is freely quoted, and the hards ups f the early explorers is crossing the great Aus tralian desert held up to be the general climate conditions of Australia i.rd that the whole island continent is \ \\-ist arid plain. I visited many schoo s, i rulcges ar.G other seminaries and I foun 1 1hat Aus tralian geographv was almost entirely tabooed, and were not taught except what was of a highly prejudi icd nature. At several of such educational institutions I asked for the map of Australia (by vay of sarcasm), and was shown a i. ap on the wall such as did duty vnjn I went io school, nearly 50 years ago. Chen we used to be taught the map of .be .v wl.l th is : — Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and New Holland, and it appears to :ue that the general knowledge of Avstr.i.ia is \ery lit tle advanced since then. I'hc press, is afraid of , ubUc r.n ; and public men fear the press. At Limerick the newspapers accepted and nubl:<hed an advertisement that a Queeuslar. \ < fhcer would be in that city on a cert-.i.n day to select men who desired free l-> : ueensland . A few weeks luter I atrain ap- 7 roachea the same newspaper io: a further ?.d v ertisement and I was shown a circular from the City and Uri an UouncLs threat cring to boycott the newspapers .f they auam publish' d Australian immigration literature. 1 then adopted the handbill system of advertising my movements, and had them distributed per medium of creameries and t churches, employing a boy tc hand them to the people as they were passing out. Even in this method my efforts were often thwarted and the boy would receive an extra sixpence to throw them into the nearest stream. The strange part of this opposition to Australian immigration is that one never hears a word against Can nda, although every week I witnessed dis tressing scenes of parting relatives as t?-ain-loads left for Queenstown without let or hindrance from the opponents of emi gration. The only explanation for thi6 ex traordinary opposition to Australia is that Canada and the United States are too well known to the Irish public and it would be useless spreading tales to frighten the would be emigrant. EMIGRATION IN THE WEST OF IRELAND. Before I received advice that the free and assisted immigration was suspended by the Queensland Government I was mak ing arrangements to meet the large num bers of men in the west of Ireland who an nually crossed the Channel to Scotlaud and England for the harvesting. I was convinced that they would prove desirable settlers for Queensland and that on their return from the harvesting they would have the necessary cash to enable them to com ply with our monetary conditions, but be fore I could meet the men assisted immi gration was suspended. Later on, however, I visited Galway, Sligo, and Mayo. In the latter county and particularly near the Achil Islands, I met large numbers of men and girls returning from the harvesting in Scotland. In these districts the farmers holdings are -small and the land is not of the best, much of it being bog and peat land. Thus the breadwinners of the fam ilies are compelled to cross to Scotland aud England annually to earn sufficient to pay the ensuing gale of rent and tide the family over the coming winter. On speak ing to these people I learned that numbers of them remain permanently behind to swell the already large Irish populations of Liverpool and other cities. They in formed me, too, that it was largely by Irish labour that the miles of docks in Liverpool were originally built — tbe labour er having little for his w urn, but a mere pittance. In many cases they remain in this overcrowded city to continue to be "draw ers of water and hewers of wood the re mainder of their Eves. H<_w different it would be it the opponent? of emigration in Ireland would expend some of their energy in diverting at leat that source of drain age of tue Irish population to a country lie QueensLac u . unere there is ample room for all industrious and sober men to ac quire cumfortabio homes »or themselves tind the.r famines : and where they could i rote with then feilow- cour.tr> men already re. and workm: in harmony with their fellow colonists of ad other nations in de veloping the rich resources of this young and vigorous land, hv.t no ' however mucn w <_ might ajvreciatr Lb- partiofic motive of those des.ring to stem th? tide of Irish emigration we canu ,»t shut our eyeg to the fact that emigrat.c-n still continues and tnose opposed to it are merely content to hinder but do nothing to help those seek ing a better field f«.-r tne:r energies. In thn part of Ireland there is scarcely my envloymcnt for the people and it is Hobsor.'s choice witn them— they must go elsewhere to earr a livelihood. Tne people here as a rule know little of Australia, but they shjwed great anxiety to hear more about it. There is not a sLigie Queensland r. r Australia:. thipping agency in the whole of (.'« nnaugnt but 1 made recommtndat.on- of ship; :ng agents in various towns in the West who I am convinced would act h..r.est.y in our inter ests. and asked that they be appointed to represent Queensland. PEASANT PROPRIETARY IN IRELAND. The visitor, especially if he happens to he a returned Irishman, who remembers the conditions of years ago. cannot help being struck with the appearance of the homestead where the Irish repurchase Act had come into operation , nor could he fail to observe th#» cheerfulness with which the fanner ho had come under the Act sporfe of his future prospects. Under the old landlord system the tenant was afraid to improve or beautify his farm or home be cause the landlord invariably stepped in and raised the rent beacuse of the added value of the farm consequent on the money and labour s-nt by the tenant in im provements. In districts where the land- !<>rd had passed away ;t is noticeable that well-kei t sr&ruens; occupy the plots fronting the dwellings where formerly manure heaps or worse ev sores reigned supreme. It is really gratifying to note th»» keen interest the Irish farmer takes in the proper up keep of n.s a. -mestead as so.-n as he be comes the proprietor . r it . and he takes a pride in spending tirne and money in its improvement As this :s a matter which may aeru usiy affect >>ur «ovn future land settlement j «»li<-y. I may be pardoned if I lay special emphasis upon it without any desire to infringe upon party political grounds. To th« s,» who follow the trend oi p.iolic utterances in Australia it is well known that many speakers, claiming public recog nition. advocate r I: « dome away with the proprietary system of land tenure an sub stituting therefor a leasehold system, the Crown t-ping th landlord. No greater mis fortune, m my opmu-n. could happen to our land ; olicy than to introduce land lordism m any shape or form. The free hold system m 1st recommend itself to all thinking men. Whether it is the labourer owning his cottage allotment, or the far mer owning h.s farm homestead ; un !er a freehold tenure he has courage to spend rpney >n building good homes and other wise in improving his property. which must redound, not only to his own "om- fort but it must, tell greatly in favour of our national interests. On the other hand. who is it who will not have no- ticed how property held under leasehold tenure is usually allowed to fall »nto dis repair, and invariably a contest between the landlord and the tenant as to who is responsible for the upkeep. Anyone hold ing views favouring leasehold tenure let him go to Ireland and see for himself the contentment produced by what the Trish farmer calls the best Act ever passed by the English Parliament for the amelior ation of Irish grievances. Where estates have been brought under the Repurchase Act and the tenants al lowed to acquire the freehold on terms somewhat similar to our own Repurchase Act, the landlord of course, has passed away. In many of these cases the de- mesned which surrounded the mansions vi the landlord and were uaed as deer parks or cattle walks are now cut up into nice farms, and allotted to the sons of the tenants of the estate under long and easy terms of repayment, and on these farms the new owners are building up-to-date residences and otherwise improving the properties. LABOURERS' COTTAGES. Running hand in hand with the tenant farmers' Repurchase Act is another act empowering the County Councils to build labourers' cottages. In driving around the country I noticed hundreds of these com fortable buildings dotted all over the coun try. They are stone built, four roomed cottages, with slate roofs, with an acre of ground, at a nominal rental. They look exceedingly comfortable, forming a striking contrast to the miserable hovels which did duty as dwellings for the unfortunate la bourers not so many years ago ; and in almost every instance outshine the resi dences of even comfortable farmers so far, at least, as external neatness and design are concerned. Under these circumstances it must be admitted that the pow-ers that be are doing a lot to make the condition of the worker more comfortable, so far as hetter housing is concerned. LABOUR TROUBLES AND WAGES IN IRELAND. In giving such a glowing account of the comfortable labouiers I must not lead you to suppose that the labourer is contented and happy. On the contrary, numerous disturbing elements are constantly crop ping up all over Great Britain and Ireland and as fast as one strike is settled an other more serious springs up immediately and it is the general belief that in the not distant future labour troubles in great Britain will almost end in a civil war. The whole of the railways are in the hands of private companies, several dif ferent countries owning the railways in Ire land. and a like number comparatively owning the English railways. These com panies appear to I e rather disorganised and helpless in dealing with a serious gen eral strike quickiy and effectively, and the consequence is that there is consequently recurring heavy loss inflicted on the general public. It is thought by thinking men that in time a exeat crisis will occur that will force the Imperial Government to take such decisive action as to effectually safe guard the public. Under present conditions it means the death-warrant of any govern ment who would courageously tackle the matter, but when a great crisis arises it is thought that both great political parties will effectually join hands in dealing vit.n th" matter. wages. In Ireland, too, the wages of the work- dig man are very small. Ten shillings a v;ie\ and keep himself and wife and fam- :.y. if any ; and even if he is single he in- uriahly has aged parents or other rela tives dependent upon him. His prospects .'i" th" future is to remain a wage earner .'11 his life, at least to the old age peu- Mon age -70 years— when he will be tn- t;U"d to r,s per week. Comparing the lot f tin' working man of Ireland and Great I ntan gnrHy with that of the working nan of Australia, all th advantages are undoubtedly in favour cf the latter. Here !u Queensland the working man is not only t .ttnr paid and better fed, >ut if he re- : nuns sober and industrious he has lots f uim a co'iq ett nee and cea.-mg him to he a whip "amei. If.- lias before him such strik ing examples < -f the thousands of farmers ho came to this State practically uenni- I'-S !.r<| m.i'lt' s .rces.-fo h.,nifs for them- '' "n t,;" 1111 l!- T"-'L-iy the facilities fj" r-r th.- sac;:e thins, and even better eve i.,, -A- raiiwc.y ci im:n,::ucation j»re- < . t r. if men r . arul in late years we are t-'.ecesr-.! ,.! lompef (N,rs in the world's rn ir FARMING IN IRELAND AS COMPARED TO QUEENSLAND. Notwithstanding all the improvements in the condition of the Irish farmer, and ac knowledge that they possess some ad- vantage8 over us in being nearer to the world'6 market, yet when all the draw backs of Ireland are set against the draw backs of Queensland I am satisfied the re sult must be greatly in favour of :-'ie let ter. Of course we hear a great deal about droughts and dry spells in Queensland, tut I think I will be able to show that we often squeal without just cause. In Great Britain and Ireland, and, indeed for that matter, all Western Europe, over b-x months or the year of severe winter must be faced every year when fodder must be provided for all the stock on the farm. The cattle must be housed and fed, and at tended during all that time without one penny return. The land must be manured each year at great expense and lf.i our ; and even the grazing lands must be top- dressed with basic slag or some other arti ficial manure, all taking time and money. In Queensland of the ot.her hand farm ing may be. and ia carried on almost every month of the year, weather permit ting, and we do not have to manure our land, nor do we have to house our cat tle. and our prices for farm produce are often better than the home rrice, and I am certain our monthly cheque per cow is equal to the monthly cheque of the Irish dairy man. It is true we are frequently troubled with dry spells, an 1 we are caught unprepared because we arc so ac customed to providence being so bountiful to us. We never think of making provis ion for hard times, and when we are caught napping we cry out in great alarm, and our newspapers give full publicity to another drought, and the cables flash it across to Europe, doing us irreparable in jury. Now let us analyse the facts. It is true the squatter, or large stockownei finds it difficult and almost impossible to contend against severe droughts, hut most of them are wisely under-stocked. Hut with the average farmer or dairyman with comparatively small herds there should be no difficulty in storing up sufficient fodder stuffs to tide him over the severest dry spells. In a country like Queensland with such a prolific growth in good times there should be no excuse, and it behoves us from a rational as well as from an in dividual point of view, to adapt ourselves to circumstances and to refrain from hiasting our fair State with repeated cries of drought. When with a little thrift and forethought the hardships referred to might be avoided. I am the more empha tic in these remarks because, wherever I went I met with the same old cry of Queensland, being drought stricken and pest ridden. On my way home I met Eng lish gentlemen returning after inspecting West Australia and New Zealand, with a view of settling their sons sheep farming. "Ihey were dissatisfied with New Zealand because the land was much deerer than they expected. When I spoke to tbem of Queensland they shook their heads and said the heat and the mosquitoes wera unbearable, and showed that their know ledge of Queensland was highly prejudiced and erroneous. TILLAGE OR AGRICULTURE IN IRELAND. Tillage has declined greatly in Ireland. I am satisfied that the farmers there do not produce nearly sufficient to supply Irish wants. I drove all round the golden vale of Tipperary, right into County Lim erick, comprising the richest lands of Ire land, and I saw no land worth mentioning under cultivation. I also visited the rich districts of , County Meath with a like re sult. In the days of the landlord we used to hear of the large demesne as cattle walk and deer park, but to-day larger areas, especially of the rich lands are now being ranched (they use the American term ranch), that is to say cattle grazing, but neither agriculture nor dairying is carried on to any extent. The cattle are allowed to grow and fatten, and it saves labour aud pays well. On enquiring into this style of things I was told that the cause was the want of reliable farm labour. This may to some extent be the cause, for the tendency of the working man to swarm into the town and cities. But from my observations I am satisfied that it is not the principal cause. I am of opinion that the high price of cattle has much more to do with the matter. I attended fairs and markets in various parts of Ireland, and I was not long in learning the cause of so much grazing and so little tillage. In May and June of last year calves just dropped were readily selling at from 60/ to 70/ per head, and eight months to a year old were bringing from £8 to £11. Older cattle eel- ling accordingly. Thus it is that all the richer lands are turned into grazing ranches, and cattle are fattened for the market, which saves all the worry of lAbour. The methods of farming, both in Ire- land and England are still very antiquated when compared to other up-to-date coun tries. 1 think it is Pratt in his work, "The Organisation of Agriculture" that puts Great Britain and Ireland la6t on the list of up-to- date in progress of agricul ture. QUEENSLAND AS A COMPETITOR IN THE HOME MARKET. When I visited London I had the satis faction of seeing three boxes of uusalted Queensland butter exhibited in the window of the Agent-General for Queensland's of fice in The Strand. Those three boxes had taken two first prizes and one second prize at the Islington show a few days pre viously, the competition being open to all comers. But I was quite disappointed to mote that the English newspapers merely referred to it as Australian butter. No word being mentioned of Queensland. In deed the newspapers of Great Britain and Ireland publish very little news concerning Australia, unless it is something of £ sensational nature which is sure to be de rogatory to our best interest. Australian butter is gaining a good name all over Great Britain, and as soon as the winter approaches it is to be found on the tables of all leading hotels that I \ isited. Of course the name of Queensland is rarely heard of. For that and many other cogent reasons I am decidedly of opinion that Queensland ought to be represented in the London Butter Market. We are now com paratively large exporters to the London market, with every reasonable prospect of multiplying our business in that connection rranyfold ; and it should pay us hand somely if we had an up- to-date business man to push our butter and guard our in terests amongst the brokers. It is well- known, too, that much of the Australian butter is branded and sold by the retail ers as "finest Danish Butter." And now that we are fairly started, and in good order here in Queensland a lot of the ex pense of inspection and supervision locally might well be relaxed. The officer, who, of course, would be under the Agent-General, should see that we got full credit for our best outter. He should see, too, that we got prominence m the English newspapers. The dairying in dustry, it is well known, came to the res cue of Queensland at a time when our ag ricultural interests were at a low ebb, and it has ever since assisted in no small de gree to maintain the prosperity which Queensland has enjoyed for years. We are competitors against the world in the Lon don markets, and with the rapidly increas ing exports of othe countries together with their efforts to improve their names we had better look to it that we hold our grip on these markets. In Ireland last year there was a controversy being carried on as to the relative merits of Irish ver sus Danish butter. The general opinion was that Irish was at least as good as Danish. But the latter country managed to scoop at least four shillings per cwt. more for their butter than the Irish art icle. I am not in a position to express an opinion as to the relative quality, but 1 am certainly of opinion that the Danes have the best way of marketing their dairy i and farm produce. They have brought theii co-operative system to such a suc cess that they are able to handle their produce in large lots, which, not only re duces the cost of production and distribu tion, but they are also able to command the attention of the best buyers and high est values. On the other hand Irish dairy ing is carried on mostly on the co-opera- tive system, but in such 6mall co-opera tive concerns with diminutive output so that the back of the business is really broken, so to say, with cost of pro duction and the want of proper means of distribution. Each small company does its own mar keting independently. The farmers are merely co-operated for the manufacture of the butter, but no attempt is made, so far as I was able to gather, to co-oper ate for the distribution of the manufac tured article, which is in my opinion a serious handicap when the up-to-date methods of Denmark are taken into con sideration. In all the poorer districts dairying is carried on amongst the farmers No private separators are in use, the far mers sending the milk daily to a co-opera tive separating station. This method seems a great waste of time — a member of the family or an employee losing at least half a day with each little lot of milk, as if time was of no value. IRELAND A SOBER NATION. In travelling all over Ireland I had ample opportunity of being present at fairs, market days, race-mtetings, agricultural shows and other gatherings where large concourses of people were assembled, and I was agreeably surprised with the sobriety of the people. I was of course a stranger at these gatherings, having little interest in anything save to watch the crowd and note the people'6 conduct. At a certain ; race course that 1 knew in my younger days to have an unenviable reputation there were on the occasion of my visit last year not fewer than 25,000 people pre sent and I can safely say that I did not see a single case of drunkenness for the day. This was also my experience in all ot.her places that I visited. In The provin cial towns on fair days the visitor meets with a most exciting and interesting scone. Thousands of cattle occupy the streets tach little lot being herded by their owners without any mixing or confusions of the different lots. It is mo:-t interesting to watch the buyers, jobbers, and sellers striking a bargain — the method of sale be ing entirely different from our auction sys- tem. Amongst the large cicwd there is very little drinking. This statement may seem strange in face of the fact that the whole country is stud ded over with public houses or drinking snope. In nearly all the provincial towns no grocery business seems complete without a drinking bar or putl.c house, and in the country districts the same state of affairs exists. There are fourteen hotels on the road to Kenmare. In the past it was quite easy to obtain a license tu keep a public house and the license fee was merely nominal. The erccer kept a public house or drinking shc-p merely as an adjunct to his other business. He is under no obli gation to keep boarding accommodation. It is evident that th'«se drinking shops cannot pay. for now since Lloyd George's liquor legislation spirits m the public house 6elle at 6d per glass and 7d per glass is cbareed in all hotels. However the number of public houses is so great that one c.-uld not help express ing the hope that one < ? the first reforms that new Home Rule Parliament will tackle in College Green is to abolish at least 50 per cent of these drinking shops. Kn- nistymon with a population of 1200 has 47 of these places. The Attorney-General — the Hon. T. O'Sul- livan. M.L.C .. moved a vote cf thanks to Mr. O'Keeffe. The resolution was seconded by Mr. John Currie and enthusiastically carried. 