THE DANISH VICE-CONSUL. MR. JENSEN INTERVIEWED. Joliannes Jensen, the Danish Vl:e-0onsul. was Interviewed last n'glit, having just completed a Imsltrip to Denmark, Sweden, and ay. He left Unbart Jn April lust, and returned on Saturday. On being questioned as to Immigration. Mr. Jensen replied that if immigrants are trfeatoU well when they arrive rhey will write home to their friends, ami so Induce others to come ma, This method is adopted in Canada, whyzv immigrants g-o in ihouian!a Miloutd \ and r Australia and nit the Scandinav bolter. Thtould he prlii- nigrantj oipally la la bo and tracleBnn* although iuiII ght !>•» ti-mpt'-d. When asked if pe^pl'* «':ipit3l w said ilmt their o ; tineiu-unragc this class to iiibtcd il they would. What sc Di tr^df do >ou anlicipato b,[«',cn Ponniarli and Taj-maniar "Well, liurdwood. consisting of piles, tc., for harbor buiiiling.'' Are they KOing iu lor big harbor Works? i "Yes. especially in Copenhagen, and, | r course, there are always renewals." In connection with the fruit trade, Mr. ensen said: "1 interviewed several rivate people and shipping companies n Norway and Sweden, but they are ot yet prepared to send ships over ere, because the ships available have o refrigerating rooms. We have u ery big company, the Eastern- Asiatic rading Co.. doing a big trade with E he lja^t, and t'.iey will probably come b own here later on. The opening of - he Panama t^anal will do something L towards this." Is there a market for Tasmnnian fruit in either Norway or Sweden? Yes, but as soon as we get a direct ship from Tusmanla of course there " will be more. At th e present time Denmark gets its frull from London, hipping is not good for the I fruit. 1 took fruit home with j me, at least it came in the following steuincr. It left here in the middle of May, and did not arrive in Denmark till July 1!2. The fruit was picked and packed In March, but in spito r»f the heat and transhipment. It urriwd in very good condition. Included in the i : hipmo»t wore some cases of Tupmanian apples mid pears, frum iltp Danish community hen*, u gilt to ihHr JCijig-. Ji arrived in goud L-ond it ion. I hud i< s--iit <iut to tlie Khif? at 1-Viedoijborg C;i>tle, about 25 mih'.s out of Copenhagen. It went through the proper Mlntet<-1\ mid the Kine expressed n desiie lo see me. i received the Royal command, and attended hl« Majesty, who, with the Qu<*vn, expressed the gTfat pleasure they felt at heinp in tlie thoughts of their countryman in Tasmania. They \v«;re tl«liBhted with the fruit, and later I recrkfd a cummand to dine with-their -Majes?iit's nt the castle. This 1 did. The King- wag kindness Itself, and personally showed me the gardens of the palace from the terraces. The castle at Friedenborg is one or the most historic in the old world, and I was, of course, very glad at being able to see it In such advantageous circumstances. The King was Interested in many things, especially the conditions ruling in Australia." You do not think then that' until there'is a direct line of steamers that there is much chance of a good trade 1th Denmark? "I consider it doubtful." 3b there any production In Denmark that would be of use in Tasmania? send out a good deal of dairying machinery, etc., and whnn Tasmania gets seme more dairies in the State I think it would be worth hile to make direct shipments. At present such things come through mainland agencies." Mr. Jensen wont to say that Denmark Is becoming •jslting place for people from all countries for studying farming, especially small farming. What 's the special system they hav# adopted? WHI. Jhey break up the large estates, and make them Into small farms, because it bas been proved that Mnal] farms are the ones that pay best on account r»f the land being more cultivated. Those small farms are mostly purch;iH«-d or leased by small fanners. unJ thn Government nssisUi also assists in culating the kind. The farmer gets funn "v"' drilling .tuition free, and prizes are awarded for the best-kept farm. The farmer Is also given opportunities to travel round the country and see how otlu-r farm* are being worked. The j Government «>>:_perif also travel round, testing ilulll 0 fill 11 ilk, and hlng t] , ^ If ihev lf' pay, H is ratij» und. sold.' ' "do tht»y do with the dairy prouct»-? • Hpsid 1 Mr milk to co-op^rati vv' 1} HorleH, whlrlt are nil over the oountr There, they separate t|)* n-t-jin from the milk, and make It jinto 1'iitur. The separated mill; then returned t<» the farmer, and used to Jutuni pigs, These pigs In turn are 1 »«rnt t" lhe co^operqtlvo companion to i-on\>rted Jnt<» bacon. The fuotrprtw mil vehir.^s In every direction. What do they feed their the cow* farmers/ on? "They import lot of iiilr'tke. Wr.. but ^ they jrrow a tremendous amount golds.' If the mangold crops iB it a bad lookout for Denmurk." On what system da they pay for the milk—do they pay on all,the creein that I* I'Strrieti^d? "Ves, and the hirmer gets a bniiup every year in dddltlp-n*,' on account of the fact tli.lt he is'also a shareholder, The butter which is made in tile cooperalive factory Is exported under a fVivei'jinieilt protection mu.-lt, aud on each case there ih a number, so tliat they r can trace fnim ivliat factory it "me". Ivv^iy egg that goes from Iri numbered also, and they can thus trmv lliem hack to the wry man who ip-llvered them. When this muti is detected in sending bud 1-ggs he Is lined heavily—even if there ir nnl.v one rotten egg in the lot." Sir. Jensen pointed out that although the holdings of tlie small farmer only totuls from two. three, pnd five acres upwards. Penmark is rapidly Improving, and tlmt men who IS years ago were working for ethers M 1/ per day. are now absolutely independent, and I ! have a fine Income of their own. J| fs now about fopr years since 1 lp£l visited Denmark," s&ld; Mr. Jensen. "hut in every place I saw remarkable improvements, and there In n no doubt about It that Uenmprk U an object lesson to the world, especially in the way of email fermp," The Inipor'nl German n-jivati ot Hj'plene has •ptlbliiher! statistics' ol F rentennrlnns In nttroue, who, iiumiwr in al! 70U0. nttlK-iil.t leads with SSS3. i centenarians, her ncfphliors. Boa mania and Servia havlug 1074 and 073 rejpectively. 