MODERN AGRICULTURE. LESSONS FROM AMERICA. FUTURE OF AUSTRALIAN PRO- DUCERS. QUESTION OF METHODS AND MARKETS. (By Our Special Correspondent.) No. 46. The concluding article of this series will deal with a subject that is of spécial interest just now, viz., the export butter trade and London market methods as they affect Aus- tralian interests. Before dealing with the subject., however, it will be advisable, as a summing-up, to speak of the lessons I learnt during my tour abroad, and tho lessons to be learned by the Australian producers from those of other countries, particularly America and Denmark. ' A Comparison. The opinion generally expressed by those who have paid a' visit to other countries is that Australia is as good, if not better, than most of them. And after dispassionate- ly considering the merits of all of them no other conclusion can possibly be arrived at. Giving full weight and prominence to oc- casional bad years, as an agricultural coun- try Australia can more than hold its own. The question of whether Australia is -a bet- ter country than others, however, is not tho main thing. It is important from an immigration point of view, but to those who have already settled here and intend to remain, the question that most interests them is how they can' best improve their methods and enlarge their returns. lu the previous articles I have merely referred to what has interested me most as an agri- culturist and described the most conspicu- ous features in the practice of farming, principally in the United States and in Den- mark. Those two countries were selected for a special reason. In the case of the former the climatic conditions and the crops -grown correspond, in mauy places to those Australia must place her dependence upon, while with the latter it stands to-day as the most progressive and advanced agricul- tural country in the world, and it has attain- ed its eminence, not' because of its natural suitability, but m spite of its many natural disadvantages. Denmark's Supremacy. ^ To deal with the latter first. Denmark ?>wes its agricultural supremacy first and oremost to Co-operation. The explanation given by a celebrated Scottish agriculturist, who visited Denmark as a special commis- sioner^ that the. three causea of the mar- vellous progress that country has made were '^-0) Co-operation ; (2) Co-operation ; »nd (3) Co-operation, is, in the main, cor- rect. It is Co-operation that has enabled them to improve their farming methods as well as their selling methods. And that is a point that ls too frequently over- looked. We, who look for our salva- tion to Co-operation, will find that it is go- ing to increase our annual returns enor- mously ; but eventually (if ever the prin- ciple is consummated) methods will be im- proved and production increased. Co-opera- tion to-day is the Australian fermera' great- est need. The evils against which the Dan- ish dairymen and the' Californian fruit- growers struggled so desperately, for years are threatening us. Our isolation and re- moteness from our markets accentuate our danger. An officer, who investigated the lemon industry along the Mediterranean lit toral a year or two ago, reported that Cali- fornia, with its high-priced labour, could compete successfully against the cheap Euro- pean labour, becauso the industry was or- ganised. "Between the time the fruit leaves the orchards and its reaching the hands of the consumer it has to pay commission five or six times, and not infrequently nine or ten times." Six or seven men, in other words, have to extract their profit from it before any .comes to the producer. Den- mark suffered the same experience with fis butter. Australian Producers' Obstacles. Australia is paying toll on* all ber exports. The commission agent waxes fat upon the labour of the farmer. The man who grows the stuff concerns himself in no way with the disposal of it. Up to the present the farmer has not been disposed to bestir him- self, and the hgenjt is not likely to kick. Pro- vided the agent leaves us with sufficient to live upon, we are content. We grumble, but we do not resist. Our dairy farmers have made some attempt at combined ef- fort, but in almost every one of their agree- ments the essential principle is lacking. They band themselves into Co-operative so- cieties, but they do not bind themselves. The principle executive officers of the Dan- ish and Californian association, informed me that it was the penal clauses, of the agree- ment that kept the organisations together for the first few years. It must be clear to everyone that without 6uch provisions as heavy fines for those who join a society and then sell their produce through private channels, the society must quickly crumble away. And that is why our Co-operative societies have not taken complete possession of the dairying industry throughout our Eastern States. A farmer joins a society, but tho following week a proprietary firm will offer slightly more than current rates for his cream, and the farmer accepts. The proprietary firm makes good that extra little bit in a very short time, with a little to the good, and thc Co-operative society is weakened. It is strong only in -numbers, not in influence. The associations are dis- integrated, and farmers cannot bring their combined weight to bear in their negotia- tions with the 'shipping companies, with the local sellers, or with the foreign buyers. It is the same with all our other exports wheat, mutton, and fruit. The producer relies- upon the agent, and he is ever at his mercy. From thc point of view, of commercial ' economy, and granting that every agent was as honest as the day, the present system is the most expensive to the producer and to the consumer. State Inaction. The indifference of the farmer to co- operation is, however, his own affair. The indifference of State or Federal departments to the transportation of our products is an- other matter, and one which affects the fu- ture of our industries. Because the *ships which trade with Australian ports are now fitted with refrigeration chambers, we sit back and accept this as the solution of our transportation problems. America, with a ten days' voyage, and with such hardier stuff as wheat and maize, has found that it has paid her handsomely to investigate the causes of the change the produce undergoes during transit. Australia, relying largely on Nts butter and its fruit, two of the most easily perishable forms of produce, does nothing. The producer or the exporter who pays for refrigerator space may or may not get it. He has no check upon the companies. Orcha'rdists have repeatedly asked for self- recording /thermometers, which would indicate the extent and the na- ture of the fluctuations of temperature between Australia and Europe. Even that trifling innovation has not yet v been joined. Every year the question of securing space recurs. The shipping companies re- gret that the arrangements cannot be al- tered, and the produce suffers. These are our main difficulties. It is not a matter of our distance from the markets, but one of inability to improve our transportation. As for disposal of our produce abroad, this is a question winji cannot easily be settled. That produoers do lose, and lose heavily under the existing arrangements, is gene» rally admitted, but what new system is to be desired to meet the case is one that only a commercial man with a knowledge of th« conditions obtaining in London and else- where can decide. Selling and Transport. With co-operation the present troubles would be obviated, but without it 6omeons els« must provide a remedy. Everyone who j has sold even as little as a box of oranges ( knows the evils of the commission system, and the inability to discover what the fruit actually sold for, and when thousands of boxes, may be. are being disposed of 16,000 miles away one needs to have a great deal of faith in human nature. Our difficulties for the present all lie in the direction of selling and transport. That our production in many branches is extraordinarily low in comparison with other countries is no cause for alarm. It does not prove that our country or even our climate is deficient. What it does suggest is that our methods are not up to dater- And un- questionably they are not. We have not yet felt the press of competition, and until stimulated by necessity we ar« not likely to show any improvement. In i adi vidual cases, where energy and ambi- tion are the driving forces, farmers will ob- tain jesuits that will surpass tho efforts of farmers in any couutry of the world. With, the majority, however (and it is only where better methods become general that the average of production is increased), there appears to be little prospect of a chance. In Australia a comfortable existence is easily won from the soil, and tho majority are content with that. They can raise stock without recourse to artificial feeding, and they prefer to -do that rather than to in- crease their profits by cultivation. Australia's Opportunity. As Australia begins to fill up ite empty areas the economic conditions will change, and so the methods will improve. It has the laud and the climate to grow almost any product to perfection. This is a bold statement, but it is time. An exhibit of Australian products which travelled the principal shows of Great Britain last year was so good 'that some of the English far- mers doubted its genuineness. That excel- . lent, wheat, fruit, butter, and wool could all be produced from the one fann it would have been madness to attempt to prove to them. At the Royal Show at Inverness some of the Scottish farmers, who saw Aus- tralian fine wool for thc first time, doubted whether it was not silk. Up in the High- lands many of the black-faced sheep grow a covering nibre resembling goate' hair than wool, and it was no wonder fhat they were incredulous. It was much the same with other products. N- One has to leave Austra- lia to find how good Australian products really are. Here we become accustomed to good butter, and to wholesome and attrac- tive fruit A sample of beautifully plump and flinty grain causes no remark. It is j "what we see everywhere, and it is typical of ouv produce. In Europe the climatic conditions are against the production of such fruit or of euch grain. And with land the comparison is all in . our favour What we despise as third-rate land would be at once converted into arable land in western Europe. Our quality, because of climate, must always be superior. Our quantity, se long as our present methods continue, will always be comparatively low. When wa adopt the methods of Denmark in dairying and 'of California in fruit-growing, we will overcome the competition of any country in the world. 