LOCAL AND GENERAL. Big slieep and cattle sale at Nimitybelle on Saturday by Brown and D'Arcy. o * « At the Police Court on Saturday morning, T. Gee was lined £3 lor indecent language. 9t * * Eden P. P. Board has decided to issue summonses for all out standing rates. j * m « Among the successful students of the Dental Board examination, second section, appears the name of Mr. Leslie Gowing. * * * On the first day's payments in connection with the maternity ? bonus, the Victorian Deputycom missioner received 20 claims for the £5, all of which were paid. * * » For stealing six dozen eggs, a man in the city was sentenced to fourteen days' gaol. For stealing whisky of about thejsamo value, an other man on the same day was imprisoned for six months. And quite right, too! * x * One of the best fish yarns so far this season conies from Wallagoot. A Bega fisherman avers that he hooked a barracoota six times, and on each occasion the fish succeeded in biting the hook off. But the soventh time it waB landed, and the man behind the lino recovered all his hooks from the inside of the fish. * * * On Saturday last, Mr. F. Ritchie was unfortunate enough to have a sulky broken up. He left his horse and trap in front of Mr. Brydon'B store, when something startled the animal, ^vhich reared in tho air and really sat on the vehicle, making a total wreck of it. The contents of tho sulky were scattered all over the roadway. w * « ' An exciting runaway occurred about one o'clock on Sunday. Mr. J. Kirkland left his horse and sulky standing in Peden-Btreet, and the animal, which is a young one, tnade off. Turning into Upper street, the vehicle struck a couple of aligmnont posts and the fence. The frightened horse then made down ono the Btcopest hills in Bega towards Kiss's Lagoon, striking the fence at the bottom and over turning the trap. The sulky pas a complete wreak, while the horee jyae also injured. ' Dr. Howlo left for Sydney on Monday on a holiday trip. * i)S * Six hundred immigrants were to have been landed in New South to-day by the steamer Irishman. * * ? * The site for the Commonwei lth Bank in Brisbane has been pur chased for £30,000. * * * The famous general, Baden Powell, who is 54 years of age, has beon marriod to a giri of 23. s * , Mrs. P. McGuinnoss Jb seriously ill, und is under the care of the doctor. us * * A steamer is expected any day at Tathra for tho purpose of plac ing a buoy there. - a . * * Constable Turner left for Syd ney on Saturday to spend a three weeks' holiday in the city. * * * Application forms for the £5 bonus for babies can be obtained at the local post office, -x * At the Quarter Sessions on Mon day, Messrs. C. R. Maybury and 15\. A. Tarlinton were sworn in b}' Judge Fitzhardinge as J.'sP. » * * Bibbenluke butter factory had to shut down, as the company could not pay the wages demanded under tho award. a * * Candelo Agricultural Society has received the sum of £55 163, being the profits of the recent flower show organised by the ladie3. * * * During the short time the Nor wegian whalers have been operat ing on the South Coast, over 100 whales have been taken. m * ? Several head of stock recently impounded at Gosford were sold nt tfco pound for 03 and 10s each, while the charges at the time of the sale amounted to £l 15s. During the pursuit of the Turks from Kumanovo they piled the bodies of friends and foe3 to make cover against the Servians, and hivnd-to-hand fighting was waged over I hem. * at hi Twenty Greeks left Sydney last week to take part in the war. Practically every Greek in Aus tralia has also contributed money to the war fund, which now amounts to thousands of pounds. * -x * Beneficial rains fell over the district early on Sunday morning, and the following falls were re corded: Bega 110, Cobargo 103, Pambula 75, Eden 65, Candeio 88, Tathra 140, Wolumla 93, Bombala S4, Delegate 6S. K X *? \V. D. Sutherland, of Yourie, was standing on a fallen tree for the purpose of chopping it in two. When he finished, the butt flew back and struck him on the collar bone, splitting it from end to end. The local doctor sayB he never heard of a similar break. a m * At a meeting of the Electoral Council of the P.L.L. at Byron Bay on Saturday it was resolved te start a Labor paper at Mur willumbah, on a capital of 3000 shares at £1 each. It was decided that the paper be named the 'Byron Leader.' IK * The amended log served by the itural Workers' Union upon the Dairy Farmers' Association of New South Wales asks for the fol lowing: Hours per week, 48. Rates — Milkers 17 years, £1 15s per week; milkers under 17 years, £1 5s per week. Board and lodg ing to be provided in addition to above rates. Overtime — For all work performed in any week be yond 4S hours, Is 3d per hour. Casual workers who are employees for a less term than four weeks shall be. paid G3 per week in ad dition to log rates. *l * Father O'Connell, in a recent sermon at Coonarable, dealtseverly with the boozy bravos who infest the town. He said: 'We have young men in our locality who consider that they have n-jt at tained manhood unless they have been drunk. You can see them in the morning with heads like pumpkins, faces like lobsters, and eyes like lumps of jelly, boasting of their overnight debauch. In Russia the drunks ure pat on to swoop tho streets, and if this prac tice obtained in Coonamble, the streets would bo kept very clean.' h * Mr. Goldman, of Cobargo, (says the 'Chronicle') had a cow which coutracted, or seemed to contract, a mysterious disease. She got hopelessly down this week, and was destroyed. A postmortem re vealed the fact that she had in her paunch 312 wire nails ranging in length from two and a half to one inch, some tin tags, bits of wood, and a few old boot protectors. Tlie previous best local record for a bovine nail eater was a town oow the property of Mr. M. O'Reilly which devoured 252 nails and sun dries, On Friday last, a young man at Goulburn met with a fatal acci dent. Ho was to have been mar ried that evening. * . !B Brown and D'Arcy report fair ynrding's of pigs and cattle at Tuesday's sale, nearly every line being cleared at full market rates. Mr. W. E. Hart left Windsor Hospital on Friday, and was taken to Parramatta by his brother. The injured aviator is able to be about on crutches. His knee, which threatened to givo trouble, has yielded to treatment, and the doc tors are pleased with the way he has got on, and regard his rapid recoveryas jinost satisfactory. * * The Danish Import Company re ports that tho London markot iB gradually getting firmer for choicest quality butters, and the first shipmonts of Australian will come to a very good market. There is a shortage of unsalted butter, Tho refrigerators are full of secondary butters, for which there is no demand. Present prices are: Choicest stored New South Wales, salted, 1 10-3 to 112^, unsalted, 114s to llGs. 