NEWS OF THE DAY. Amongst members df the- State ' Par liament, the one topic of-inter'est at present is the accumulation of difficulties wliioli the Ministry has brought iipon its slicf-l- ders.by its utter incapacity for .work- In reviewing -the tlireri years of.'lifo which the existing Administration has enjoyed, v the record of legislation achieved for, which it can claim credit is found by- members to be amazingly smallprind the support which .it has -been able 4o -command in Parlia ment. nei'er conspicuous for its' vigor, ' 5b visibly weakening: '"That it intends to' do mueh more than bring forward' measures to bo slaughtered with its own connivance next session there is hardly a shred of evi- tcncc to prove, and the best friends of the 'Ministry are beginning to.-' despair of find ing a cure for its sleeping sickness.. The leading article which , appeared in "The Age" yesterday wa,s discussed with, anima- tion' amongst members, -who thoroughly ap proved of the opinions expressed, in, it,, bi.it those who are pleased to regard themselves ris loaders of tlie dijlerent coteries ; in the House thouMit it uiscreet at -tliis juncture not to come out into the open and proclaim tlieir views., .i\ev(|rtlieless., there , "is ' an cxtrabrdinaiy amount of private "whip ping" in progress, and more than one pro posal is made having for its object, either a complete change of- Government or a re construction -that may give the Goyem- irient a little vigor '(ind public spirit. Mr. Watt is expected to make some reference to the matter in Bis speech at Wodonga to-night, and memfcers are awaiting liis announcement with' interest; but 'however this may -be, it is 'fairly certain that a strong .movement will be made to 'secure a meeting bf the party. " Thq fact tliat, to meet , the emergency caused by the accent to R.M.S.) Otway, R.M/S. Orvieto lias ibeen alble to reach Fre.mantle a day aliead of her scheduled time; -lias1 once agiiih suggested tlie ques tion -as to why the omite should not always lie landed a day- earlier'- - The Postmaster- Genei-al stated yesterday that no change in tlie mail arrangements was contemplated at present. -Under the. ; present contract the mails were carried at specified times, at specified rates of spebd, and an increase in the speed would involve increased pay ment. No doubt in time there would be an accelerated mail' service, .but it would not be in the near /future. During tbe-.year-.1911 the arrivals in the Commonwealth numbered 141/909, as com-i pared with 95,092 for -the previous year. The departures numbered 64,206 in 1911, as compared with 58,145 'in 1910. The excess of .arrivals over departures was '79,703 in 1911, as compared with 37,547 in'1910. Of tlie arrivals last -year 136,242 were of white, nationalities, 124,483 'being British, 2031 German, 1443 Scandinavian, 1387 Italian, 1256 French, 1137 Austrian, 1013 Russian, 809 -American, 011 -Greek; '387 Danish; 322 Dutch, 143 Spnish, (132 'Swiss, 10 -Turkish and 16(3 belonging' 'to other white races. The total number of immigrants of colored nationalities 'was "5867, "the racies most largely represented. 'being' Chinese; wifib 3023 Malays with 1146, 'and Japanese with 494\. The ' departures bf .colored people numbered 6060, sb lhat the emigration of colored alienB exceeded the immigration by 399. Federal Ministers held another long Cabi net meeting yesterday, but at its close de- c'ined to make any disclosure as to what matters had' been under' consideration. When questioned, Mr. Fisher said no ap pointments had been decided upon either in regard to the . Cqpimori wealth Baqk- or the'' Imperial -Trade/Commissioner. . There will be another -Cabinet ' meeting to-day, when the specifications in connection with the Western / Australian railway .wHl be further considered.;; : ;; . The State TreaSm|efi, whq /last yyr JP?' forward the propoeij ofholdiiig'ali - Emigre Exhibition/ in Australia,, has poted the ntoyement started at/;Pcrth. fn /fovortof "the holding in tluit city of an international exhibition in 1915, "after the completion of .the - transcontinental, railway.'.' Mr. .Jlfitt pointed out . yesterday flmt -it wiis' a West ern Australian Minister (Mr. Bath) wlio at the Premiers '.Conference proposed thut the scheme of the Victorian . Government should he sent to all the other State Go: vernments for consideration. .Victoria's sug gestion iyas that nn Empire Exhibition should /be held in 1913 or 1914 in. one of the. capital cities of , Australia. The Goverri- ments as a Whole were to .co-opbrate, and a due proportion of fihe' liability would be allocated amongst.-them. It was suggested that -the State in wliosc capital city the exhibition was to be held should 'accept cither one-third' or one-half of t:hc " liability. arid the.- other States the remainder tui -a 'basis' to 'be determined.'. :Tho sohemc has now been fully drafted arid; iq to be serif to 'tlie 'other States next week; The' motion;- submitted to1 t-lo oonference by/ Mr. Bath' was 'carried unaiiimo'iifily, arid Mr./ Watt- yesterday expressed "the hope/' that / the- Western Australian Goylriiment would 'not/ commit itqolf to the' Perth proposal until; the Empire scheme had. been 'dealt avitli. . . Some of the SEttjers in .the. malice coun try are suffering moonvenicqoo fori want of water.,. .Complaints have been received by the Water. Commission from Ouycn, and Mr..Kcnyqn, of. its engineering staff, has gone to the. district along, with an, officer of the Railway, department to make injuiries. The Minister- of -Lands, who. has, agreed .to receive a deputation -from malice settlers, has been informed - that they desiro some relief in the -way of reduction of the charge which. tlicy have, to . pay for. tanks . -of water .-brought by troiu, and complain tliat' tanks supposed tq contain 2009 - gallons When filled at the sending station .some times reach their ..destination -with, .about 300 gallons less. , -.- Under -the . Defence Act a large number of area officers iB required, and an allow ance -of £150 per; annum is attached to the position. For' "pickings" of this sort certain .- members of - Parlia ment have a keen ' scent, rind tlrey are out in- the Jleld in- strong force after tliese- poBitions. But tlieipoat of area officer is not a sinecure,- and the work— some of it -may prove to be unpleasant work— must bo done .without fear, and without any sus picion 1 of lavor. 1 1 is; in -fact;' work for -tlie performance qf-whieb a member of Parlia ment, who' must -live- oh "terinB of amity with' his constituents- or lose fchcir votes, is iriost corisp'icuorisly unfitted. Above all discipline' must' be l'uaihtuincd, so in this basg members of Parliament are to be shut out. They lmve been so persistent in -their clamoring for -these posts tliat tlie Execu- . live 'Council lids felt eoristreiiried ' to pass a regulation Bpecilically declaring' thiit no member of an Australian Parliament shall be eligible to' hold an appoiulnicnt as" an area officer. Engineers, representing Victoria, , New Soutjh .' Wpies: ant( .South Australia yester day eouipleterl a two days' . sitting in Mel bourne, nt which, tlicy discussed the Mur ray witters question. At a conference be tween the Premiers of the three States in Janunry, 1911, an agreement was arrived at with respect to tliq Lake'. Victoria works to be cniried out by South Australia. This was signed a few days ago. The conference .further .resolved that the engineers of the three States lie instructed to inquire and .present, to the j>rj|mieip by 1st December, .1911, a report, -and recommendations, based .on data, available, and,»nuh- further -data -.as t'liey should obiaiii, by that -tin to, wliidli, in their: opiliion, -would lW .'conducive 'to' a settlement of the question of the waters of the Murray ltivcr' im'd its tribiitaHus. Tlie engineers were authorised to joiutly' engage such professional nssistariec as ntiglit be necessary.' The . cdmnienecment of their work was delayed for twelve months, but they have been asked '.to. complete, it ,,by next June. Mr. J. S.' Det'hridge, one of tho lvator . couiinissiqiicrs,- represents Vic toria; Mr, E/ M. de Burgh,, Chief Engineer of Harbors/and "Water Supply, New South Wales, niul 'Mr. G; Stewart, Chief En gineer of Public Works, South Australia. Mr. .P. J. O'Malley, .one of- the officers: of the Water Commission, has been appointed secretai-y of the -board.. The matters en gaging tlie attention of the engineers'- in- fclude'. the "quantity of watet contributed by tlie different State's to the volume' of tiie Miin-ay, find tlie quantity available ' for irrigation arid navigation;' A further n'ieet- "ing will be : held -in a- fortiliglit ' in ' Mel- bourrie; avhere all the meetings are to take place. ,' . ..The ownership of R.iverinn'.is dealt with in a mass of data, received , my xiic dhuc Treasurer froin Mir. j. II. Ogier, ex-police magistrate, who has for many ' years been dcqply interested hi tlie question of the boundary line between New Soutli /Wales and Victoria. . As' it is claimed 'by Vic torians that the Murrumbidgee, a!nd not the Murray, should be tlie boundary, and M-r. Qgier is well versjd .'in the 'history of the question, Mr/ Watt'askcd him to draw up a document, which -would contain tho complete result of his investigations. Mr. Ogier has finished his task, and forwarded the document to Ml. Watt, who purposes, when lie hhs had tiiin'c'to master its de tails, to discuss it with" the Attorriey-Gcne: ral.i Some popular topics, are td be brought up at -the' annual corifcrenco of -the Aus tralian Women's 'Association/ to lie opened at Mancliesier Unity Hall," Swanston-street, on -Tuesday, otli'MarelU' - The ' business sheet,- though small, comprises matters/ of general interest/ - The hat pin peril figures upon it. The .conference' will urge 'the board: of -the AAV. A'.- to ' take means to make it compulsory foe. all women - to -wear bat- pin- protectors.' There are' also'.stririgent liquor "law reform proposals.- - -Fobtsoray delegates will urge the need for legislation limiting the-- trading- -hours"- of hotels and wine saloons to ordinary -/business -hours'. The North 'Melbourne branch will advocate for an amendment of the law in 'order to afford better .protection, for. girls, and will also urge that boys and girls of the ages of 12 to ,15 found lqi tori ng be, sent off the streets' before 9 '/p.m. The funeral fund of the' association" shows a credit balance' of '£2508, which ' amount ' hari been' jrivestcd. Tliere is, a credit oi &220" in 'the manage ment fund. It lias, been found -necessary to ' paSs a regulation under, tlie Defence Acl provid ing that no soldier will be taken on the married roll of the permanent- forces "whose wife is not sufist/aritially of Euro pean origin, or descent." ' This" rule /will prevent the. introduction, pf half castes., to the married quarters. - . A brief reference was made, by the Priirie Minister yesterday to the protest, received from 'the Young Australia party/' Sydney, against -the appointment of Professor Gil-.: ruth as Administrator of the. Northern Ter ritory, and also against the' appointment of any but native born 'Australians'' to high official positions. Mr. -Fisher said, "X did not know Professor Gilrnih's nationality, but the Government selected the best man for. the job." . . An inspection of the; sugar -beet lands in Maffra district lias been made by the Director of Agriculture, and it has been decided to commence the session's work, at the factory on' Ut'n March, five- weeks earlier than last year.' -This will give grow ers a chance of carting: -their produce, to the- works while the roads are good. ' -Pro gressive analyses made by Mr. Dyer, man ager "of tlie ' factory, show that the sugar contents of the roots will about roach' tho maximum next month; Last year the sugar percentage -was 13, and the yield of crystallised sugar' 0%; the balance being composed of molasses. " It' is expected that this year the percentage will be greater. The yield has suffered through the dryness of the sieaBon .and the hurried .preparation of the ground in. the Boisdale.-Estate. ;The Maffra: syndicate; /however, -has a'superioi crop of- 170 acres, ' an'd' ambrigst the Bois- dale blocks . Dr. . Cameron .found some ad- Imirable sanrale /of hurfjaodr'j. With the latger/«ere|ige under /oup. ilE/ii - |xpqcied tha the total harvest will ibe /75 to":-80;per|; eeut. larger than ithat ofjastikca ton.1 It is well -to find"- that thc pcstB wlio make. -it . impossible .for decent, people to enjoy an. hour or two on tlie; river' without having . their/ ears assailed by. strings of vile language ' are to' 1 "be . mailo ' to answer for : their misdoings. . At; Kew- court yesterday an exemplary . penalty was inflicted, - on -' one of these per sons—a young man named Clarence Gardi-. rier, avho was alleged- to have used obscene, laiiguago whilst in a boat '-on the Yarrn,, neni" Studley Piirk, on Sunday liist. Dr.: .Cole, P.M./ said the .bench was/ deter mined 'lo put down such blackguardism in public places, and fined GnMinbr £5. .The, state of congestion on the wharfs, whiln.cnliing for/an extcn'deil arid, vigorously pursued policy / of construetion t-f or/ entire .prevention, has been relieved in ..a slight- degree by reecht Bteps - taken by the Mel- / bourne Harbor TriiHt. Unfortunately a' iiavdsliip has been' inflicted: on merchants .by the trust's r action in . one direction, arid tlie, matter demands adjustment. At .the InBt meeting /of tho cliivmbcr of commerce protest . -was uttered against the charges made'.-by the trust for the' storage of goods not removed from the sheds or wliarfs wfithin: i(r«cribcd time. ' Recently the trust put into force several rcgulations.-pro- viding for- the prompt- removal of - goods -from the whni-fs, And laying dawn, a scale of, charges if merchants failed to comply ryith the coriditioria. The regulations wore directed against' the block which occurs- on the wharfs . as a rcsiilt, in mariy instances, of an undue lerigth of time- in the' re moval of goods. ' The mercha-nta' cAs'e, is that, in consequence. /of tho rapidity with which- cargoes are- dixchnrged, and tlie manner in which the goods ore stowed, they cannot 'take prompt'dclive.ry/ and are victimised by the charges of .the trust. While the trust has effected minor reforms through the - superintendence of stacking and Porting, it is -clear- that the' relief to the congestion of the wharfs' is not to be effected, except by extensions which will 'proportion the accoirimodation .to the' re quirements of. the port. As it is, the block is such that the goods cannot.be got at easily and removed; arid the trust with the. intention of relieving the conges tion, , demands severe charges for the goods which cannot be speedily taken away from the overcrowded wliarfs. The Uruguayan Commission of Agricul tural Engineers lias completed its-Victorian tour under the guidance of Mr. Temple Smith, of the Department oi Agriculture, und left yesterday for New- Zealand. The tourists, who are six in number, are mailing ri trip on behalf of it-lie Govcrrimcnt of the republic to study the pastoral, agricultural and live stock industries in Europe, North -America and Australia. They were much pleased with vrliut they saw in Victoria, apd said tliat in some Yiiupcols 'tiiis- State wus far ahead of their own coun'lry. Two of the ' Spaniards intend to' return to Vic toria' when they have finished tlieir tour, arid purchase sheep for- Uruguay. Tlie pre sident of the commission, before leaving Melbourne, put in writing its appreciation of the treatment received from the depart ment.- For some days past a conference of tele graph managers of the various States has been sitting in Melbourne to consider means of improving. , tlie telegraph and' tele phone services of lite Common wealth. The conference has now eoricluded its labors, and (ts report, which is of a technical cha racter, will he submitted to the Postriiastcr- G'cncral. The" delegates froin the other States have -returned to th'%r homes; The present block of buildings . occupied by the ..Melbourne Harbor Trust -has for a nutaher of yedi-s- past1 been inadeqiiatc to aoecmimbdate tlie existing staff. " An office /was secnped at the Customs, department to meet -tlie difficulty, and in this js quartered a staff of about thirteen officers, to carry out : work- connected with the -wharfage ohai-ges.Tbis office in town' is too smiill, and, .fiirtliermpre, the, .expanding' Customs de- lpamlei.fi,ridi.tlittt-itji(is insuflleientispa'ce itself, 'arid. rcqtihvs the room - for its own staff. . The trust's present building is more inconveniently situated for' business pur- jioscs than any of the public, offices, with the sole exception perhaps of -the Depart ment of 1'iiblie Health. Iri tlie latter case it is felt -within tlie department tliat it should be more directly in touch with the Minister, and should be ' included in tlie principal group of State Government offices. The. understanding- at' present is that the trust is to his' ' quartered in the, old .Savings Barik-in-Mafket-streeti, and sufficient space will there be. provided for alL its officers. The Harbor Trust buildings ' will thus be made available for , trie officers of tihe Dri partmerit - of Agrieul tiire, wlio are at pre sent cooped up in the narrow -little offices adjoining the Flindere-strect cool stores. \- Several old Mulburnians-fonmer Clmrcli of England Grammar School Boys— have won marked distinction of late, and the Old Melburnians' Society has 'decided -to ' liold a smoke social in celebration of these successes. The.. members now to be specially honored include E. F. Herring, winner of the Rhodes scholarship; -N. R. Brookes and 11. Heath, - members of tlie Da.vis Cup tenniB team; Simon Frascr and H. Ross-Soden, members of the first Australian eigbt-'oared' crew; and last of all Mervyn Higgins, who recently 1 ob- -taineil his Oxford blue. The following tenders have been accepted by the Postal .department:— Supply of 440 yards switchboard cable, Western -Electric Co., £28 15/; supply of 8320 -protectors on .tlie liielauic ouircnt,- Western Electric Co., £936; supply of 16,040 fuses, Western Elec tric Co., £624; 790 jointing sleeves, Z wicker and Co., £4 5/9;- 4000. protectors/ 'Western Electric .Co., -.£675..: , i i r, ' 'We arc asked' by the Lord 'Mayor to say that ire lias received from Dr. Charles H&rriss;, ' who' visited/- Melbourne "some month's ago" with the Sheffield' Clioir, a letter enclosing ri cheque for £100, as a donation promised' by him 'wlieri "here towards tlie fund for the erection of a new building for the Marshall-Hall Con- servritqriuiri. of Miisio. - . . " ; ' ,- Hie cricket match between- ladies of' the chorus and' ballet, of Sindbad the Sailor, will take place on . the. Albert ground /to- day, commencing , at 2 p.m. Tlie ladies will play in specially made cos tumes, and the teams will be -captained by Miss Marie Eaton and Miss Larseon. The public is cordially invited to be present. .-.'-Next Saturday, at -2 p.m., Miaa Mendou, by arrangement -with the JHspartment of - Agriculture: ivi.l i.e. in-.: on nult prcslTring at the Burnley School of Horticulture. Kntriea. for. export butter in connection with tlie Fruit and. iMoral - Carnival, to tie opened at the Exhibition Building on Mth March, have been extended from 04 Ui Fohnauy to 4th -March. A meeting of citiacna 'will -bp hehl-inKootscray .town hail this evening in- ranncotlon with the pnopoxed bazaar inaugurarted.tiy -the United An cient Order of Dririifa in aid of. tlie funds- of .-St. Vincent's Hospital. - ' ' Bailiieu I'nttenon anil Sons Pty. M. venter- day concluded a .modt succmdul ttirec xiayB sale of thf furniture: at "Beaiflieu," 'Pvonak. The attendance was again large' and the competition licch." Excellent prices were realised throughout. Gommell; Tuclrett and Oo. Pcy. I.td., conjointly .-with Sydney T. llayncs and Co., will offer at auction toAxy, at - 2.60 -p.m., . at AlJienaeum' Hatl. .Colllnx-ritrcct, a ooilertioR at oil paintings and water- color drawings... Uris oollootioq hM been on v-knv to "the pdhlic for the past fro' weeks, and has been' a great attraction to ait oonnoiascurs and 'pfoture loreri. 