(REUTERS TELEGRAMS.) BRITISH TRADE DUEL. sWAR TO THE DEATH TO BE PROPOSED TO-MORROW. London, May 30th.-The strike com mittee is convening a special meeting of' the National Transport Federation for Saturday to arrange a . national strike. At the request of Mr. M'Kenna/ a deputation of employers met at the Home Office to-day to consider the award made by Sir Edward Clarke, K.C., who was appointed by the Go vernment as a court to investigate the transport workers' grievances. The Port of_ London Authority has declined to participate in the conference called btv the Government for to-morrow, but which threatens- to result . in- failure. Many' "strike breakers" aro working at the docks, or are available. The trans port of goods has considerably increas ed, and large "convoys of food and dry I goods left the docks to-day. The execu tive of the Scottisli Dockers' Union pro- j tests against "London bureaucrats" is suing a mandate to stop work all over the country, and adds, "we will not stand in." The executive of the Sailors' and Firemen's Union has issued a cir cular to its branches donying that a strike is authorised^ outside London. A message from Berlin states that Herr Jochade, President of the International Transport'iWorkers. refuses to" promise support to the London .strikers until he receives detailed reports. Lord Derby, speaking at the Liverpool Ciiamber of Commerce to-day, said that Great Bri tain would gain much in connection with labor troubles if Australian legisla tion was studied. London, May 31st.-The position in connection with the strike of transport workers is unchanged. The Government is seeking to persuade the employers to agree to adhere to the conditions of the 1911 agreement if tho men observe the conditions fairly. The strike commit tee at a meeting last night carried a resolution to seek tho support of other unions; including skilled workers in trades connected with shipping, in vin dicating the principles of trades union ism. The Rev. Father Hopkins, trus tee of tho Seamen's and Firemen's Union, declares that the votes of tho latter, at a meeting of tho transport workers' executive on _ Saturday, will suflico to prevent a national strike. Tho White Star liner Athenic, which is due to take 1200 immigrants to New South Wales, is unable to leave Londoij owing to the strike. The steamship ser vice between Tilbury and Ostend is sus pended. The Master Lightermen and Barge Owners liavo written to Mr. Bux ton, President of the Board of Trade, declaring that they yielded to pressuro before, and are not encouraged to re peat the experience. They refuse to ro discuss tho agreement of last autumn, and say they are determined to see tho matter through in the interests of themselves, tho port and tho public. Tho Short Sea Traders' Association, and also the Master Carmen decline to bo represented at tho conference. Tho colonial butter and cheese trade is_ at a standstill owing to the strike. Prices aro nominally unchanged. A good trade is being done in Danish and Siberian butter, which is being unload ed at Nay's wharf by clerks, salesmen and members of importing firms. Tho majority, of strikers at Covent Garden have resumed work unconditionally. Tho "Daily News" states that tho Government will insist upon the men resuininjr work, and that it is the inten tion of tho Government to establish .a joint board of arbitration, all parties to be represented. If masters refuse to recognise the board legislation will bo passed to compel them to do so. DEATH DUE TO UNION INTIMIDATION Zurich. May 30th.-Tho trial was concluded here to-day of Otto Kaiser, ion a charge of . murder. Evidenco was given that Kaiser, who was a non unionist, was assaulted by a number of strikers, and that he drew a revolver and fired, killing ono of his assailants. Tlio jury returned a verdict of not guilty, on tho ground that Kaiser had only acted in his legitimate defence. 