The Dairy. . ? ° ? i PROFITS FROM THE COW. WEALTH THE FARMER HAS BUT MEAGRELY EXPLOITED. It may with safety be said that no branch of the agricultural industry has during the past 20 years received more serious consideration at the hands of tha various Australian Governments tuaa dairying, it being fully recognised as the surest and readiest means of securing a quick return from the farm. That the educational efforts of the agri cultural departments have borne good fruit is most apparent and gratifying. We owe much to such education, and the hearty co-operation of our most progres sive landholders. The industry has made its most rapid and extensive development within this comparatively short space of time, having assumed dimensions which, may be truly characterised as a pheno menon possessing no parallel in the domain of agriculture outside dairying. The industry of Australia may to-day be set down as 'worth 12 millions sterling per aTiniiTHj and there is no reason to doubt but that we have only scratched the surface, and are upon the fringe of far greater production. We possess vast areas of soil, and a climate superior to that of any other country. Only a small portion of this area is so far settled with a farming population, who are very largely the offspring of the best bone, brain, and sinew from the British *sles. With such a rich and grand inheritance, rightly peopled, and so full of vast pos sibilities, it' requires no great stretch of imagination, to predict tnat our dairy pro duction will go on apace. However, be fore this can be achieved, there must be observed many factors which spell suc cess. This increase will depend largely upon the encouragement given by the Governments of the various States, espe cially in the direction of agricultural edu cation. _ Too great a proportion of out population is to be found crowded up within the boundaries of the four main cities. Such a condition is,, indeed, con ducive to rapid development, and, it would be well with us if our legislators would discourage centralisation. Technical edu cation must, and will, always play an ini- ' portant part in this country's welfare. What it has done for other countries, such as Denmark, it will do for Australia. In that little land of the Dane it proved ix- have a most healthy influence on the national, social, and economical develop ment of her people; so much eo, that ska rose within a very short space of .time from one of the poorest of European coun tries to be one of the wealthiest. Den mark's export of dairy products has sur prised the ?world, bringing yearly into ha farmers close upon 22 millions sterling. Co-operation has been most thoroughly established, and under such a system of production, manufacture, and marketing the Danish farmers are assured of the - fullest returns for their outlay. Coming closer home, we find in New Zealand, with her fertile country, that . - co-operative eSort has been more fa- - voured by her farmers than has been tin experience of any Australian State. Ik Victoria and New South Wales the greatei . . number of factories are co-operative, but . . in South Australia it is the reverse. Those that were established upon co-operative principles . are now mostly in the hands of private makers. This was largely brought about by there having been too many small end weak companies formed, by the increased use of the hand separa tor, by general disloyalty of the milk suppliers, together with the fact that the climatic conditions were not highly con ducive to heavy yields of milk within a a limited area. Where milk is plentiful ? and conditions suitable, co-operation has outlived the competition of private con cerns. That Australia is being well cared for in the direction of agricultural education no one can deny. The various Govern ments have employed ?within their agri cultural departments most excellent men, 'who possess a thorough knowledge of the theory and practice of dairy work, and it is their duty to assist the producers in every way possible, and by this much has been achieved. Without the valuable as sistance of the various experts, our in dustries would not have made such head way. Farmers are consequently finding that it pays best to adopt more intelligent and intense dairy practice. Successful dairying in the more favoured districts of our Commonwealth has been attained somewhat easily, the necessity for 1 more intense working of their lands has not till now made itself felt, and concentrated ef fort has not been practised to the extent demanded in the present days of higher land values and cost of production. To day we are living in terrible earnest, and it is being slowly recognised by farmers that, if greater profits are to be made, then they must adopt more intense me thods in their dairy work. That dairying has at all times proved highly remunerative will readily be ad mitted, especially where the dairyman pos sesses a thorough practical knowledge of his business, and where dairy products have formed the main source of revenue of a district. Therein it' is always found that the people are most contented and prosperous, and that land values have increased. It may be said that Australia to-day largely owes her good name to the . product of her cows, for they have not only been the means of providing but- '. ter of the finest flavour for tbe breakfast tables of many millions of Englishmen, but, by the quantity and quality of her produce, she has attracted the eyes of tb- «er ? ^— ? ? ? r7 ? : 'World upon her, and brought about the present very.desirable feeling of security ?with British investors. South Australia has, during recent years, enjoyed a- remarkable run of pros perity, and during that period has seen a marked revival of interest i£ dairy ing. In butter and cheese production we fall far short of -the quantities produced in the eastern States, !by reasoi of our somewhat drier conditions, whicty compel our farmers to practise dairying! in con junction .with mixed fawning. Tjhe main supplies of dairy products are raised dur ing the few spring months, when we have an abundance of rich natural pas ture. Later drier conditions quickly follow, food supplies disappear, and milk rais ing is said to be unprofitable. Farmers are missing the most profitable period of the year* Autumn dairying unquestionably is found, to naive _ many_ other advantages, the milking period of the cows will be lengthened, and their condition much more satisfactory. Pro vision during times of plenty is all that is necessary, and that may readily be ob tained in the form of ensilage and root and catch crops. Our dairy farmers are generally found to make, little i provision in this way to ensure a: profitable milk flow during mid-winter ar.il autumn. Lean years are sure to come, and the farmers who have taken the advice of our Dairy ?Expert by conserving fodder will be found in a most enviable position compared with their less wise neighbours. South Australia admittedly has pastures unsurpassed within the Common wealth, but, as we have already indicated, th'^y esist only for a few months of the year in a condition to ensure heavy milk yields. , Our area is very limited whereon _ the necessity for conservation may be claimed to be unnecessary, and tfce writer is of ©pinion that in not one single district in the State can any dairy farmer carry on successfully throughout the whole ?year ?without providing additional food for Uxo periods when the pastures are poor. Ihe absence of such provision on our farm must always compel us u- take a back seit in total annual production, when, compared with our neighbours in the eastern Sta1 who possess far greater* areas of suitable soil, mud the rainfall ?which is go essen tial. ' . Taking Australia as a- whole her ttta exports of butter for the present seat on chow that to date 30,70(0 tons have tw en shipped to England, as :&gainst; 42,700 tons during last season- It will be seen that there has been a serious falling-off in 1he export trade, which is readily explain d by the fact of a dry -winter and auturrn causing a shortage of food supplies. 1 h decrease referred to is divided among t he various States as follows-viz.: — Quensland 4,069 tons; New South Wales. 3,902 ton Victoria, 2,907 tons; and South Australia, 1,077 tons; a total decrease in the export able surplus of 11,974 tons, valued at about ; £120,000 sterling. South Australia's total value of? all dairy products may be set down at. £550,000 per annum, as compared with £12^000,000 for the Commonwealth. Her exports to the Knglish markets (not including the Australian States) for the past eight years totalled 6,180 tons, as against 1,285 tons for the eight vears preceding that period. Last year the quantity exported consti tuted a record, nearly L800 tons baying been forwarded to the London market. It is claimed, too, that the prices, have been most satisfactory, the result pro bably of a marked improvement 5n the facilities and methods of preparing our produce Whatever these figures may shfnr, we ars astounded at the low average., yearly milk production per cow which tales in South Australia, and in this direction alone there is Toom for very grist im provement. In Denmark the annual ave rage milk yield is estimated at 600 gallons per cow as against 350 gallons in Austra lia, and although coaditions vsaiy con siderably in ths-! two countries there is no doubt that ivsrh a little eifort. and the exercise of care ijitieh caald be done to raise the average milk yield, in S'juta Aus tralia. Herds aie to.be found :ai certain districts where the dairyman receives an annual return of from. £12 to -£15 per cow, while uis nnijabouT receives, 'but half that amount. To tweure better returns we must stimulate greater interest and en thusiasm in the business, reduce ihe cost, and increase the profits. The plough must be used to a. greater exteiit upon our farms with a vietv to raising heavier supplies of green fodder for immediate consumption and for conservation, and i the laying doirn of permanent pastures ] in suitable districts would be a move in I the right direction. We may summarise pur requirements as under: — . . . ? . 1 1\. Greater use' '-of the plough in' order to Secure a succession of crops per annum. 2\. Conservation of foodgSufes iu the form jsf ensilage. 3\. Breeding upon sound lines to develop superior herds for milk production.' 4\. Keeping records of the returns from )each cow and culling out the unprofitable Animals. 5\. The laying down and manuring of pastures. Good pastures cost leas to main tain and give better results than any other crop, and where soil and climate are adapted to the growth of special grasses and clovers this fact should not be (Overlooked. Good work has been done by some of our Intelligent and progressive farmers, but tins applies only to a very Email minority. (GOVERNMENT AH). We ate indeed fortunate in having a , keen agriculturist as Minister controlling the Department of Agriculture. The Hon. £T. Pascoe, MJL.C, is ever ready to assist towards the advancement of our rural (workers, and never forgets to preach the gpspel of moisture conservation by the thorough working of fallow lands. With a Government composed of meat' who are keenly alive to the importance of edu cation as a basis for the improvement of alL we need have little fear bat that the producing interests will be closely safe guarded. Our farmers, too, -are to-day evincing keener interest in all agricultu ral matters than, in the past, and are ever ready to apply in practice the +*»'frfr-gB of the scientist, ana on this occasion we may expect much good to follow the itahj lable demonstrations and lectures' g«g»p '|jy pur experts. Most excellent work has been aecom tolished daring the past few years at the Rosewortfay Agricultural College in ex perimenting with and raising special fod ders. This institution is fast gaining in popularity with oar farming community, and it is largely doe to the valuable train ing which such an institution affords that our most successful agriculturiste owe their success. [LABOUR AND THE HEED FOB jQQQGBATIQN. The absence of mritnhln labour for 'oar dairy farms in indeed one of the greatest stumbling blocks to the progress of this industry. The bringing to our shores of gt number of young men and women who fcave a knowledge of dairy work would ensure greater expansion of the industry, lor with such labour available many acres bow used for less profitable purposes would be occupied for batter and cheese production. In conclusion, if oar immense aieaa ara to produce np to their 'fullest capacity it is essential that not only most mote up to-date methods be adopted, but serious attention must alsA be given to the ques tion of immigration, and thus securing rural workers. It is to be earnestly hoped therefore that the good work sow being done by our Government in this direction will be continued, and that Booth Austra lia will realise more fully the necessity lor such action. It is not enough to assist and educate our own population liberally, but equal inducements must be offered to outsiders. Canada and other countries have fully recognised the im portance of securing the desirable class of immigrant to be found in large numbers in «» oia country, and who are only too wfflSng to seek their fortunes in fields abroad provided sufficient inducement is pffered them. 