Monster Waves. Naming in a Sale. Winches Tossed Like Corks. Passengers' Terrible Experience LONDON, Dccomber 29. Tlie Naming arrived at Gravosend at G o'clock on Saturday morning. Her bul warks are considerably damaged, lier fore- deck is a mass of wreckage, her hatches are stove in, anil" she has a heavy list to starboard. . Captain Bidwcll left tlio bridge . of the Narrung- when she arrived- at uravesond, for the first time since Thursday last. He said that the gale commenced alter the Narrung had passed.. the Channel Islands on Christmas evening, and increased in fury until 7 o'clock tiic next morning. The steamer than was off Cape Ushant, m France, and was shipping water heavily. I-Ior speed was reduced to bead slow, her head was kept to the gale, and t-lion she was hove to. She remained so all the morning, the waves -breaking over her, right up to the bridge. Never before, it- is said, have . suelu a gale and such tremendous -seas been experienced for 30 years. In the afternoon a mountainous, wave swamped tiic whole ship, burying her forward and wrecking all the tackle in front of the mast. Vast quantities, of water flooded all the, /passenger accommo dation, snvished the winches, and burst .through iiito the hold. Women hna cliild- 'ren were occupying, the flooded cabins. The wave tore lip -part of an; iron dwik, .turning it' hack like br'o'wir paper.vlt'iwas; impossible for the steamer ,to proceed", and she was turned round, in order to' prevent another such sea striking lier. Had she taken : another such sea, ..-it/ "would have been all up with lier. "Turning in.. the teeth of - the gale,"/ he continued, "was a very: anxious ' time, hence.:, the wireless request -that was sent/: for . as sistance. The turning occupied 80 ,- minutes. Wc wore running .before it four' or five . Sours before we were- out of danger;" The chief officer,-, Mr.- Po'stle,, estimated that the, wave was ,79 feet high.- -A sea- : 'man, named Quirk, was dashed down,' and. had three ribs, broken. It. ivas 'impossible for some' tinie to remove' tile women and ' children from, thc. wrecked cabins. ' Tlie captain declined - , to' take fdoiI;; whiie the ship was in' danger. "( The: (debris', impris-/ 'oncd five men .: in r . the/cabins ' (for' ten, hours, before tliev could -. be. released. "The male passengers exhibited great , coolness; bailing out the cabins,' which were knee deep in. water. Tlie women and children-' suffered considerably, (and .many were, helpless (through sea sickness." The company, is making an! allowance to third-class immigrants/ who desired to re? turn home pending, fresh arrangements for . the voyage at the rate of 2s. 6d( per day. Others will - (ba maintained 'at ' .'the': Sailors' Home. ' ) Passengers narrate that , dt the moment the great wave' struck the (ship,-' Captain. Bidwcll shouted to tlie ; crew, ".Now, boys, it's life or death, Don'.t trouble: about anything else." 'Order and discip line. wero maintained splendidly through out. The stewards did- everything that was (possible, but yvcrq. . unable.' to .main tain the supplies of food,: and many of the passengers for 148 (hours were' with-, out To'od,. except, teii: and; biscuits.;: The wireless operator; - Mr; .'Reynolds, was working continuously! for 59 -hours. The/ firemen were waist deep (in waiter, f, and the coal ivas swept mit of, the, bunkers." The seamen on . Friday, night gave (up! their bunks to the - women. . , . Lloyd's estimate .tlie! Value of' the-eargo of the Narrung at- .£109,000;.' ' , - Another account says that 'two / / mon? ster waves rose up suddenly./ Tlie : Nar rung rode over the first, and then plunged into the trough instead of rising to meet' the second. As the vessel Went down,' the wave swept clean' over her. All the damage was done at .one blow. The deck cabin doors of, the'.saloon were/ torn , off ; the foremast was Broken in'- three places ; Jhe ,, /winches . -.were , torn adrift and tossed about "like corks. Tile water in' the starboard bilge ' of ' the. engine-room was four ,fcet deep; causing the steamer to - 'list - ten degre'esr- % wireless teleirrpphy touch' .was main tained with .several /steamers until ' the Warning righted, afid was able to ( . dis pense with assistance. '. Eighn . lifeboats were made ready/ although tliev could not hai'c lived in such a sca.LOhc womaii was caught by tlie sea, and. despite her frantic struggles she was ( washed to and fro on the deck till she- was nearly drowned, and almost , all her clothing had been torn off. Otligr persons were washed about like corks. Mr. P. Marion, - who is proceeding to' Adelaide:' says' that the ivomcn were imprisoned '.in the -flooded cabins, and could not' be released when- the ship turned; Her rail went down .many times to tlie . water's edge, ami tho water poured -down, ... the ventilators. Mesdames Sullivan and Mark, who were travelling to Adelaide," were injured when the partitions of the cabins .were simaslied. Gome of the ooeupants' oi the eabins were up to their waist, in water. -.Mrs. Philipps, of Glastonbury, was assisting Miss FierUi, when she was dashed against the bulwarks and badly bruised. Many of the , trunks in the cabiiis Were smashed, and everything was washed; out. Some ot tlie women were ill their nightdresses for two days. - ' Many other vessels are , returning to port in a crippled condition, and with- their sailors injured.' The Beacon Grange has reached the' Solent. A sea swept her near the Cas kets. All her starboard lifeboats wore smashed, the , davits snapped, and the cabins were , wrecked! The steamer Duchess of Cornwall has reached Falmouth. She encountered tre mendous seas, which tore away her fun nel, smashed all the boats, and put out Lite lires in the engine-room, two men being drowned. The stokers and engin eers worked in water up to their knees, and their heroism saved the ship. The storm destroyed the sallyport at .Old Portsmouth, from which Lord Nelson and other naval heroes emharked. x Tlie Danish steamer Volmar has foun dered . The captain and a , sailor were picked up in ali open boat off. the Lizard after they had been for two days suffer ing great privations. ; Thirteen men were drowned. The four-masteil barque Maryanri Ellead- liody, of Glasgow, with a cargo of Aus tralian wheat for Limerick, has. been re ported in distress off Gaiway. Her sails- have been destroyed, - and she lias a heavy list to starboard'. 