LOCAL ANO GENERAL. Reported that Archbishop Carr of Melbourne will be raised to the Cardinalute. ?* * * The town band played an ac ceptable programme at the park 011 Suuday afternoon. Mr. MoMahon, polico magis trate, will leuyo for Cobar in the course of a few days. The Gymnasium Club - proposes to form a swimming club and utilise the stretch of water at the Junction. Mr. May, of the local post office, has received notice of his removal to Manly as clerical assistant. A senior aseistant will be be sent to Bega in Mr. May's place. The unreserved clearance sale on account of the executors of the estate of the late James Heffernan will be held to-morrow on the farm, Brogo. Wm. Rixon, auc- tioneer. It is reported that the company, Dibley, Jardine and Pearce, is to be voluntarily wound up. Mr. Harry Dibley will remain in Syd ney, and the others return to Bega. * * « Brown aud Sharpe report eood yardings at. Candelo on Saturday last. Store pigs brought ISs, springing cows £3 10s, light fat cows £4, yearling heifers £1 1b, bay dio'ight filly, 19- months ,£19 15s, clumper gelding £12. 5* * Ji Miss Cissie Walsh of Verona has passed the preliminary exami nation for admission to the De partment of Public Instruction, and will enter the trainingschool for a sis months' course of instruction. Mr. F. Evans has also received word of his success in this exami nation. « * -* To-day, the Evening Star Lodge G.U.O.O.F., will celebrate its 25th anniversary. The programme as ?li.verlised is most attractive and tho svorts' ground should hold a record attendance. Members of the order will wear their regalia, and tlje procession which starts about 10 o'clock, will be headed by tho town band. There are GO nominations for the Sheffield hand icap. The football match, Ber magui v. Gyms should prove a big attraction. A cupwill be pre sented to. the winners. There will be a social in the evening. A ball was held at Tanja on Friday night iu nid of the hall funds, and waB .well attended. Sickness was responsible for keep ing Borne at home, but a few visitors made up the difference, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. Music' was supplied by Miss Russell (piano), Mr. W. Rus sell (cornet), and Mr. J. RubsbII (clarionette). Extras were played by Mr. W. A. Kelly (piano), while several young fellows provided tho the best of dance music on the nccordeon. Mr. (irealy filled the position of M.C. The ladies were responsible for a splendid supper, ivhich was laid out on nicely de corated tables. Dancing was kept joing briskly until two o'clook, ind it is expected that the hall lunds will be swelled to the extent )f oVer £3. At Auckland eight more Waihi strikers have bpen charged with following freo laborers, and ordered to keep the peace for a year. The magistrate remarked on 'the cowardly conduct of the strikers in following and harassing 'an old crippled man.' 3r flf ft The Deputy P.M.G. acknowledges receipt of a petition forwarded through Mr. Austin Chapman from Messrs. J. P. Rheinberger, N. J. Ryan, J. O'Connor and other resi dents of Moran's Crossing asking that the post office be not removed from its present position, and that Mr. 15. Ryan be allowed to con tinue to conduct same. ' *? * * - Recently a statement gained currency to_ tl.e effect that the British Medical Association had px pressed itself in favor of Mr. Flowers' maternity scheme. That Minister now explains that this is wrong. 'What I wished to con vey' lie said, 'ivas that my scheme had been approved by tho Friendly Societies' Conference, not by the B.M.A.' * -S it; On the 4th instant at Broken hill Mr Griffith said 'tho Master Builders' Association and several other rings and combines would give anything to drive him out of public life.' Mr. Richards, secre tary of the M.B. Association; has publicly challenged Mr. Griffith 'to pr.iduco proof of any single actual fact which would lead any ordinarily intelligent person to believe the truth of the Minister's statements in attacking this nssoci tion.' Tho sleeper cutlers at Dunedoo, who are are employed with the railway under construction by the Works Department complain that tlioy cannot get their claim for an increase of cutting rates, and threaten to strike. Tho union re presentative at Dunedoo says 'I think we can promise the Minister a warm time if he prefers war to peaco.' It Mr. Griffith shows his usual backbone he will talk pretty straight to the Dunedoo sleeper cutters. * * A return issued by the Queens land Lands Department shews that during August the area of land selected was 760.364 acre?, of a rental value ^4606 per annum, being an increase of 207,027 acres and an increase in rental value of .£1528 compared with August last year. The. total area selected from January 1 to August 31 was 4,382 836 acres, of a rental value of £25,114, compared with 3,829,205 acres during the corresponding period of last year. * * it Mr. Cochran in whose electorate the Rocks area is situate, has been complaining about the bad, condition and high rents of the tenements. One woman said that for a number of years she had paid lis. a week for a small residence 'but now the ter race has been leased by the Go vernment, and she hasbeen inform ed that from Monday she will be charged 20s per week.' And yet this is the Government that is constantly talking about the high rent charges of the bowellesa private landlord. * * * With . regard to the proposed appointment of an Inspector of Education for the Northern Terri tory, at j£500 a year, Colonel Ryrie aske.cj how the officer would put in his time? Woul4 lis divide it between the little school at Piue. Creek (taught by a girl) and the other little school at Darwin? And what was he going to do to earn £500 a year? Mr. Thomas replied that the officer would not only be an inspector of primary schools, but he would be teacher of the secondary school. Both forms of education ivPre to be free. * ff s In the course of his evidence be fore the Queonslani Meat Com mission Mr. Little, managing di rector 0 1 the Coreena Pastoral Pro prietary said that ''one strong point was that we have n.p prj vately-owned railways here, so I do not think the trusts could do as they havo done in America. He had confidence'in the integrity of tlve Queensland Parliament, but not in the Now South Wales or Federal Parliament. They seem to be driving oapital away, and what we want here is cheap capi tal.' * * * ? Mr. Griffith, Minister for Works, on Wednesday hinted at the postponement of sanctioned public works on account of the tightness of the money market. But Ruch a trifle as a tight money market should have-no terrors for a Labor Government, for '.lie party has a prominent plank in its Conference-approved platform that there shall be no borrowing e$C';pt for works that will pay interest from tho commencement plus one per cent, for a Binkingfund. And as railways, harbor works, school buildings, haye a habit of never doing anything of tho kind then the Labor Government'* require ments should be small, Big auction sale of land and cattle at Wyndham to-morrow by Brown and Sharpe, auctioneers. * * * \- A largo auction sale of stock was held at Coraki last Thursday when milking'cows sold to £S 10 s, sprin gers to ^10 2s 6d, and heifers to £7. * Si O E. I. Pell roports the private sale of a paddock at Cooper's Gully to Mr. R. Hetherington on account of the oxecutors of the Britten Es tate. * * » Brown and Sharpe report good yaxdings of pigs and cattle at Tuesday's' sales. All lines being cleared at full niarkot rates. x- * * The steamer Norseman arrived at Fremantle on Thursday with 1200 immigrants— 501 for Victoria and the balance for New South Wales and Queensland. * While in Australia every device is being used to exterminate rab bits, and in Berlin, the commercial authorities are offering a bounty for the breeding of 'bunny.' * * * In the course of his Budget speech the Queensland Treasurer said that daring tho past year \--,730,4(;4 acres bad been solected which was a record for the State. * * * The mcchanical traction ar rangements used at the British Army manoeuvres this week wor ked admirably and relieved the invadors of the incubus of 10,000 horses. »? w K Mr. E. I. Pell has purchased the premises recently occupied by Mr. Dibley and will U3e them as au auction mart and oflice. These premises are conveniently situated being almost opposite the Bale yards. « * c Mr. James Tang with Mrs. Tang and family left this week for Syd ney, where the former has secured a good job. Mr, Tang is a splendid tradesman and should have no trouble in commanding a top wage in the city, * . e * The gold is going out of the country at a great rate principally to pay for imports in cxcess of ex ports. Tho Malwa which sailed from Fremantle on Wednesday took away Austalian gold to the value of ^543,540. * x * The present . visit of British Dreadnoughts to Copenhagen, and the visit Qf a Russian fleet at the same port at ar- early date, have aroused an onslaught in Germany against an imaginary AngloRusso Franco-Danish alliance. *- * * The underground railways of London, since .their electrification, have carried 929.000,000, passen gers. The train mileage trayersed was 41,000,000, involving 2,400, 000,000 movements of signals. All this was accomplished without a single fatality. mm a A cyclist fpeared down Gipp street on Saturday at the rate of about twenty-five miles an honr and tried to turn the Bank N.S.W. corner. The total damages were a broken pedal and torn trousers, while a little skin was left on' the road. * * m The Commonwealth Government owes the Perth Council ^1285 in sanitary oharges. Some of the money has been owing over 18 months. Naturally councillors are irate at the action of the Gov ernment. One councillor said 'that while comparatively poor men were compelled to pay, the Federal Government practically defied the j Council.' » w * Dr. Morrison, formerly corres pondent of the London 'Times' at Pekin, and now political adviser to the president of phipa is an Aus tralian, and a native of Victoria, , It was Dr. Morrison's intention to return to Australia and enter Com monwealth politics when he ac cepted tbs . most important ad visership in China's gift. In this case China's gain is undoubtedly Australia's loss 1 * i' General Kogi's will is a pathetic document. In it the General said ho would follow ' the Emperor be cause his services were n-? longer required. He had often sought to die, choosing the occasion of a great national calamity for the purpose. He distributes his property amongst his wife, friends, and public institu tions, thereby indicating that his wife's death was unpremeditated. He gave his body io a medical college. ' * * k A memorial tablet to the late Colonel J, C. Neild, erected by his widow and children, was unveiled on Tuesday in St. James' Church, King-street, by Archdeacon Went worth-Shieltls, in the presence of the family. The tablet bears the lafe Colonel's sword, the badge of his regiment, unid the family crest. A seoond tablet, t)je tpibute vof a number of old-ag& pensioners in hiH old eleotornte of Pa'ddirigton, is placed directly beneath. [The late Colonel Neild was practically the father of the old-age pension system in this state.] 