INTERSTATE. At Ballarat a serious case of gangrene in the stomach is being treated by Dr. Chaplin. Several pieces of human skin were necessary in the operation, and a number of people responded to the ? re1 quest— at 5/ per strip. Others have volun tarily given, skin from their arms without payment. The Perth tramways, which are looked upon as the most obsolete in Australia, may be purchased by the Western Aus tralian Government. The Government proposes to find the necessary money in return for the municipality's surrender ing their rights. It is prepared to give them 3 per cent, of the gross faiUnpa dur ing the currency of the present contracts, after which Parliament will decide whe ther the arrangement shall be continued. The representatives of the municipalities are to report to their various bodies, and give the Government an answer. The wave of crime in Sydney continues with unabated vigour. Nightly thefts are being reported. In one case £200 worth of jewellery was abstracted from a resi dence, and £30 worth from another. Mr. W. E. Cooke, who since Ifebrnary, 1896, has been Government Astronomer in Western Australia, has been appoint ed Government Astronomer in New South Wales. The board appointed to examine the Federal capital designs did not come to a unanimous decision, and the Minister for Home AffiTt-^ (Mr. King O'Malley) has resolved to accept the recommendation from the ' majority. The first prize of £1,750 was gained by Walter Burley Griffin, Chicago; second. ( £750) by EUel Saarinen, Helsmgfors, Finland: and the third by Dr. Alf. Agarhe, 11 Hue Eugene Flachat. Paris. The widow of the late Mr. Walter finssell Hall, of Sydney, proposes to hand over to the trustees of the estate securi ties to the value of s million pounds, the' income from which is to be devoted to charities. It will be spent in New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland. When the Victorian Premier was informed of this munificent bequest he remarked that it should be an incentive to wealthy men and women of Australia to do similar good work. According to Federal figures Australian butter is rapidly overhauling not only the New Zealand product, but also that from Denmark, which usually brings the highest prices in the London markets. The difference was only 4/ this season, compared with 12/6 in 1S1L 11/ in 1910, and 17/6 in 1907. The average differ ence for the five years between Austra lian and New Zealand butter was 4/4. Last year it was reduced to 3/. On one occasion in January hist Australian and Danish butters were equal in the Glasgow markets at 136/ per cwt. each. The well-known mnsical comedy actress, Florence Young, is bong sued for divorce. A domestic servant named Habrelle has been committed for trial at Launceston after confession that she cut her infant child's throat with a pair of scissors. The Government Analyst of New South Wales (Mr. W. M. Hamlet) recently com pleted a walking tour from Sydney to Melbourne. Two tramcars collided in Sydney on Monday last, several passengers being in jured. There has been no rain for two months in New South Wales, and stock are dying everywhere. Frank D. Brown, ex-manager of the Singer Machine Company, has been com mitted for trial in Sydney on a charge of inciting an officer of the company to steal and falsify certain books. An English Immigrant named Chariesi Munn was stabbed to death at Devon dale (Vic). A Russian immigrant is charged with his murder. . The fine of Harry Holland (£100) for refusing to let his son. drill has been referred back to the magistrate for re duction by the Full Court of New South Wales. Western Australian Government has purchased a steamer to carry mails. The turning of the first sod in con nection with' Port Augusta-Kalgoorlie Railway will take place next month. The Government proposes to ask the Gover nor- General to perform the opening cere mony at Port Augusta, a gold spade be ing presented to His Excellency as a memento of the occasion. 'Joy' rides in motor cars appear to be permissible eo long as it can be proret1. that the man who borrowed the motor car can show that he did so without in tent to steal. In Victoria this week a man who jumped into somebody else's car and ? - ? for a spin was brought up *-:? .? charge of having itV-ji tlic iugscTnaut, but as tha law yer could not satisfy the court that the accused proposed to steal it he was found not guilty and discharged. The annual conference of the Liberal Leagues of Australia, held in Melbourne this week unanimously adopted the Fede ral platform. Among the planks agreed to was one that there should be fair wages to all, and healthy conditions of employment. A motion was passed in fa vour of liberalising the old-age and. in valid pensions. Prospecting for oil in Papua is being prosecuted on behalf of the Federal Go-* vernment. Crude petroleum has been lo cated, and if further investigations reveal a profitable deposit the field will be open ed up and the product refined for use by the vessels of the Australian Navy. Executive Council in Brisbane has direct ed that George Silva, who was sentenced to death on a charge of having murdered Mrs. Ghing and her five children, be exe cuted in the Brisbane Gaol on June 10. As the result of negotiations with the New South Wales Government, the Prune Minister has announced that sufficient land has been secured at Jervis Bay, cov ering 14,000 acres, for the site of the Aus tralian Naval College. Mrs. Lovel, a resident of the Huon dis trict, Tasmania, has been committed for trial for the murder of her child, who was burnt to death recently. At a deputation in Melbourne this week the Premier (Mr. Watt) was informed that there were 6,000 men out of work in the capital city of the sister State. Mr. Watt said he did not believe it, but pro mised that so far as possible work would be found for those really out of employ ment. 