AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE IN ENGLAND. LONDON NOTES. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) BUTTER. LONDON, September 27.— Tho condition o. affairs in the butter trade remains unaltered. That is to say. there is a keen demand for choicest quality, but all other sorts are neglect- ed. Prices on the spot aro nominally un changed, with Danish at 130s to 132s, and Aus tralian anything from 104s to 116s. Best Siberian is worth 108s to 110s, and It is much bolter value than tho Australian offering at the same price. As a matter of fact, Australian butter on the spot is or no interest to the trade, who are only concerned with the butter that is to come. The prices asked in Australia and New Zealand are, however, too high to tempt any except'the rashest speculators, and one does not hear of many contracts being fixed up. Aus tralian butter is offered at 120s to 122s c.i.f., and New Zealand at about Is OV&d; per lb. f.o.b. for season's contracts. These prices may, of coarse, turn out to be reasonable enough, but at- present most of the Tooley-streot opera tors do not think them worth considering, and they show no inclination to deal on a basis which is several shillings per owl. above their ideas. AUSTRALIA AT THE GROCERY EXHIBITION. 'Australia is well represented at the Grocery Exhibition, at Islington, the Commonwealth having" a large exhibit of the products of the continent, and South Australia having a separ ate'' display of its own produce. Both exhibits are attractively arranged, but it must bo said (bat the South Australian is the hotter one from the business point of view. Tho Com monwealth exhibit is similar to those which have been shown at various agricultural meet ings in the country, and it is admittedly meant to attract the would-be immigrant rather thuu tho business man anxious to deal in Aus tralian products. The South Australian show, on the other hand, is- designed to catch the attSntlon of the thousands of grocers who visit this exhibition and market— for it is a market as well— and to bring updor their notice goods they want to buy. With this object the South Australian trade commission!"- <" "bowing only articles which .can be obtained here, and every article bears a ticket showing when it can -bo obtained, ' either wholeenle or retail. Tho re sult lias been eminently sntisfnstory, and the South Australian stnff at tho exhibition has been busy all the week answering questions from intending purchasers. New South Vi'alcs is represented In the Commonwealth display by a miscellaneous selection of dried fruits, wine, etc., but the country of origin of these samples is not stated, except in the case of knAnn Tito (1 vm \\\»Vi Innt t)in flnmmnn wealth this bacon took cn-rc that it wns pro- .perly ticketed, and.lt stands out with a card hearing the nnmo of the importer, and stating that it is New South Wnles bacon. It lias at tracted much attention from tile grocers, .and llio importers have received , many inquiries about it. NEW SOUTH WALES BACON. The demand for Australian bncon in general, and for the New South Wales article in ikirtl- cular, is growing stcudlly, und none of th« Importers can get enough to supply the wants of their customers. The bacon is well liked by all the provision dealers who have handled it, and at times like the present, when home- grown and foreign bacon Is scarce and dear, tho Australian supplies aro very welcome. Tho present prices for Australian Cumberland out is 65b to GSs, and at tho beginning of tho week Wlllshircs. which are now exhausted, were making 66s to 68s. FROZEN MEAT. Business generally is quiet as it usually is at this time of year, but jiricos for ail sorts are well maintained. Australian and New Zealand mutton are both very firm, andAustralian light carcases sell readily at 4%d. A feature of tho trade is tho high price of ewes. Owing to the scarcity of Argentine mutton tlipne is a great demand for "both Australian and New Zea land ewes which fetch 4d and 4t4d-p.cr lb. a price far above their intrinsic value. Lasfb remains firm, for though the demand has declined tho supplies aro small. Best Cauterburys are quoted 5%d per lb. There are jio Australian lambs on the market. Arrivals of frozen beef hnvo boon heavy this lnjmtn, but tho demand is good, and prices are Btcady at 3%d for Australian hinds, and Slid for foros. TALLOW. Business In tallow -'on the spot is wonder fully active, and the demand exceeds tho supply. At the auctions on Wednesday, the catalogues amounted to no fewer than 3309- casks, the largest offering on record for a good many years, but tho demn-nd was so rong that 313S casks wore sold. Fine muttoashowed an advance of Is porcwt., and other sorts realised late rates to 6d advance. The keen competition for. fine mutton is chiefly due to demand from Holland, where margarine markets want every ounce of fine tallow they can get. The shortage nnd dcarness of butter on. the Continent is causing a great inquiry for mar garine, and the makers cannot get enough tallow to supply their requirements. One London broker has orders from Rotterdam for overy cask of fine tallow that can be got, nnd no doubt other firms are in a similar posi tion. Present spot quotations are: — Mutton, fine 39/ to 40/9, fair to EMd 37/ o M/O. dull 33/ to 36/0, dark 33,-9 1(1 31/3, gut 31/6 to Uccf, fine 39/, t'oofl 37/3 to 37/9, dull to fair 53/0, dark gutty 3?/D' 10 S3/0. Bd. beefy 36/9 to 37-/, dull to fair 35/3 down to 32/6 for dark. On c.i.f. terms business is restricted by tho small offerings. .Quotations arc:— Mixed. ' 32s fid to 34s fid c.i.f.; beef, 35s fid to 37s; mutton, nominally 3Ss and upwards. 