Assisting Agricultural Students. A proposal that has a good deal to recommend It was made by Mr M Laeli- ; lan, M.D.A.. in the Legislative Assembly I the other day. Mr M'Lachlan evi- i aentiy considers that there is a waste | of useful material going on when sfu- j dents at agricultural high schools and i colleges, after winning certificates of i merit, drift into city occupations for want of the capital necessary to enable them to establish themselves as agri culturists, horticulturists or dairymen. Certainly, the direct object of such in stitutions is defeated in such cases. Mr M'L.achlan would provide such students, and also farm hands who can pass a prescribed examination, with ready- made farms, and not demand rent from ; them for two years. Mr M'Kenzie. the Minister for Lands, was so impressed that he has already held a conference . with Mr Kennedy, chairman of the C'o- j ser Settlement Board; Mr Tate, Dime- ; tor of Education, and Dr. Cameron, Director of Agriculture. A scheme is | being prepared by them, and will : be submitted to Parliament later on. j It will probably provide for the ay- j pointment of a board, representing die ! University, the Education and Agricul tural Departments, and the Closer Set tlement Board, to examine applicants trained in agricultural colleges and high schools. Successful students may be in stalled on suitable farms and assisted during the initial stages, the Crown to be repaid on terms to be determined. There are many points whie> should render the proposal popular. The com plaint that the State a iv-+ e- the native born equally with the immigr nt will he no longer tenable. Aad it is de sirable that wourhfsl brains and en ergy, specially trained, should be direc ted in the ch-snael fbr which they iiave ' been prepared at some expense to the i State. A partially developed State can- ; not afford to have any waste of skilled or other material. , JL good harvest Is expected In the Numurksh district. A good harvest is practically assured In the Lexton district. Crops and grass are looking well in tile Rochester district. ; In the Beutafa district a most pros perous season Is anticipated. In the Gordon district the cereal crops are said to be making great growth. The caterpillar pest has made its ap- i | pearance in the Tarrawonga district. ! Crops and grass are reported to have ! come on splendidly in the Kerang dis trict. j A branch of the Victorian Rural Bro- s ducers Association has been formed at Ararat. Over 100 foxes have been shot in the ; Sutton Grange district during the last four months. i There is said to be every prospect of a record wheat harvest in the Lis- | more district. j The recent severe weather in Tasma- , nia is reported to have had a disastrous effect on lambs. 3 Dams in the Ballan district are re- ; ported full, and a good spring growth ; of crops and grass is assured. By the Wakatipu, which sailed for ; Sydney from Laimceston, 500 flock rams were shipped for New South Wales. I Sh earing has commenced in the Rupanyup district. Crops look strong and healthy, and grass is making good headway. It is reported that arrangements are ! to he made for Closer Settlement on an area of 2300 acres of the Agricultural College reserve at Lang Lang. The area under wheat in the Echuca district will probably toe greater than last year. Federation wheat has been much more largely used than any other variety. The area under grain in West Aus tralia is 1,058,407 acres, an increase of 21,000 on last year. Wheat shows a de crease of 16,000, and oats an Increase of 35,000 acres. An inter-State conference of official agricultural chemists is being held at Sydney for the purpose of arriving at a uniform standard of purity in insecti cides and fungicides. Some farmers in the-Minyip district1 assert that If the amended wages log of the Rural Workers' Union becomes law they will have to relinquish wheat growing for stock farming, A '"Weekly Times" cable states that the French Minister for Agriculture, M. Pams, is seeking a credit of £1-0.000 for the purpose of combating the plagues of field mice, in the eastern departments. Kangaroos are doing much damage to crops in the Eureka district, and 19 members of the Progress Association have received the permission of the in spector of game to shoot them up to the number of ten each, the skins to be forwarded to the department. The contractors engaged sinking the 5000-yard dam at the Kyang station, in the Ouyen district, have completed the work. The Government boring party, under Mr Scarce, is putting down a oore between Nyang and Underbool, hoping to get a supply of stock water. The Minister for Agriculture Mr Graham), in accordance with a promise, lias decided that the national 'show of 19X3 shall be held at Geelong. Sheppar- ton was the only other place under con sideration. An effort will be made to 4iold the national show at Shepparlon in 1914. In response to a circular issued by the Railway Department, replies have been received from wheat-pyoducmg centres which ship their output through Balla- | rat as to the prospects of the coming ; harvest. These are rpp-ar/ j W.O satisfactory, the outlook being consider ed good. A draft balance-sheet in connection with the Royal Show discloses the re cord profit of £6504. The takings at the gates were £2374, an increase of £379 on the previous year, but there was a falling off of £87 in the return from the railways The total revenue was £12,575, as against £11,729 of last year, while the expenditure for the year was £6670, the prize-money having been in creased by £424 over last year. The Yarram Agricultural Society had sarrafigei its aanual show for November 20\. " bugajrdaM claShfl Wtth the lit Novltoerfliii TOlety at Altered, ar«vhave fcaff good retutris torn their onion And potato drops' "this Year. Mr J. Wadriey took 4T to us onions from about 10 acres. The first he sold at £12 -and the last two trucks realised £20 'per ton, Averaging about £18 per ton. 'M r Jeramiah - took 30 tons of potatoes from 20 acres; these averaged 27 per ton. Mr Bryan, from 15 acres of potatoes; received a return of £510. Another settler netted £1600 from pota- j toes. These settlers have about 80-acre - blocks. A number of owners of land In "the parish of Arcadia Blast, Goulburn, pre sented a petition to the State Wafer Commissioners, asking that their lands should be supplied with water for irri gation in the event of .the increased storage scheme being carried out. The petitioners were informed that their lands if included, would have to carry a supply equal to one acre foot of water. It was decided to defer further consideration of the petition until the storage scheme had reached a more ad vanced stage. At a recent meeting of the Sheppar lon Agricultural Society, the president, Mr W. Sayeds, stated that _ unless the society was prepared to provide additional accommodation in the j grounds it could not possibly con- ! tinue to maintain the pre ent high \ character of its show. Mr J. E. Byass (the secretary) stated that if the members (of whom there were over 5O0) would take debentures up to about £500 business people in the town would take their share. The matter was left in the hands of the executive for consideration and report. Mr Seymour, potato expert of the Agricultural department, visited the Nanneella settlement and Inspected the operations in potato cultivation at that place. Messrs Logan, Johnson, Garner, Jacobs, Kennedy, and others, who are planting, are sanguine of success. Mr Seymour does not approve of some of the seed, as signs of disease are vis ible. He thinks that sprouted potatoes might be beneficially used for seeding. Planters have to be careful in water ing, or the land will be waterlogged. Mr Seymour expects to visit the settle ment at the irrigation period to super intend the watering. Cable advices from Germany to the "Weekly Times" state that the Berlin newspapers announce on thC-authority of «err Henoch, "an Australian con sul," that 100,000 carcases of frozen sheep will leave Adelaide on November 6 in the first Adelaide- Hamburg meat steamer, and afterwards fortnightly shipments wil be available. On reach ing Germany this frozen mutton. It Is stated, will be l(4d per lb. below the price of fresh meat. A French company will provide the inland transport and cold storage necessary. The agrarian newspapers are attacking these report- j ed shipments, declaring that frozen meat is tough and insipid, deficient in jivtriment, and swarming with deleter!- j ous microbes. J The New South Wales Agriculture has approyptfC o£>Vp«tem4i for the testing of dairif of ers belonging to soct|Jwhi(to ?|aFjj filiated with the rettfNy - fo »u n Pure-bred Dairy CxtWW A"sSoj elation. "Primariljlsays "we must have fincS&a; State must give someSswejSttfort in the early stages of the movement. When the milk and butter producing capacity of our pure-bred cows becomes well known, dairy farmers and breeders will be in a position to select bulls bred from animals whose actual records are authentic, as certified by an independent i authority. By adopting somewhat simi lar means the Danish Government im proved the red Danish breed." Up till August 30 the number of acres in Victoria sown with beet was 65fi, as compared with 50 at the cor responding period of 1911. it is anti cipated that 1250 acres will be sown by the end of September, as against 309 ! acres last year at the end of October. | At Boisdale there are €33 acres under I 1-eet, including 1S2 that are being cui- 1 tivated by the Agricultural depart- j ment. The production last year of . the State was 3974 tons of clean beet and 4200 tons of dirty beet. Mr Cameron (honorary Minister), who recently vlsi- I ted Boisdale, states that, with few ex- ! captions, the settlers plots are in 1 splendid order. In the opinion of local ! experts -the yield this year would amount to fully 6000 tons of beet. Dr. HUtner, Director of Munich Agri cultural Botanical Institute, reports successful experiments with - -phate of Iron as an agent for the deet-v -? >n of dodder In clover. Badly-affectei pat ches were sprayed with 15 per cept. afid ISlpirYafcYsmiooiis of sulphate of irop, tt»e result that£ thqgb the clover in |»ne Instance did not recover fro mei . treatment, " In other instances, though much discolored, it sprouted again and made quite as good growth as the untreated daver. Dr. Hiitner recommends the use of a 15 per cent, so lution, and states- that the solution re- quireS to be applied with a spray, so that .it falls . with some force and reaches the. threads, of dodder attached to the stalk Just below the surface. The United States Department of Agriculture has issued a bulletin in which it 4s set out that rotation trials conducted at the -Minnesota Experiment Farm have demonstrated that wheat grown continuously for 15 years (18S5 to 1909) on the same ground still re turned a small net profit; maize, on the other hand, grown continuously for a similar period on the sapie soil re turned a small net loss. This may be a surprise to many, as it is generally believed that maize has no harmful ef fect upon the soil, whilst wheat has the reputation of being hard on the soil. The authorities offer the explanation that the frequent cultivation given to the maize stimulates decomposition, so that the vegetable matter is more rap idly depleted than when wheat is : grown continuously. I At the annual meeting of the Sheppar- j ton and District Irrigators' Assoeia- | tion the question of the Water Com- | mission's charges for grading done on the blocks of the Shepparton Estate closer settlement (first sub-divi.fion) were dealt with. Some of the charges were regarded as excessive. it was decided that each dissatisfied settler should write to the authori ties requesting that the matter be adjusted, and subsequently the meeting unanimously resolved to re pudiate any liability when the grading charges exceeded 30/ per acre, plus seed and manure. Mr R. O. Lilley, the retiring president, stated that the Water Commission's representative had, at the commencement of the work, estimated that the grading would not cost more than 25/ per acre. The results of an extraordinary census of live stock in Bavaria are Interesting. Cattle represent a total of 3,485,737; sheep, 638,132; pigs, 2.225,431; and goats, 312,937. Pigs and goats have increased slightly in number dur ing the past three years, whilst cattle and sheep have declined. Upper Ba- i varian (Miesbach) and Pinzgau cattle are largely exported on account of their excellent breeding qualities, being sent as far as South America, and latterly also to Hungary. . Within a century the number of cows has doubled In Bavaria, and it amounts now to almost 2.0O0.OO0; the yearly production of milk in that country is about 880,000,000 gal- ions. of which no fewer than 110,000,000 gallons are used for the rearing of cattle. An Interim return of sheep in New Zealand shoVs that on April 30 the num ber In, the Dominion was 531,94 less than last year. The decrease was attri buted to the shortage of nearly 200,009 breeding ewes last season, as compared with the previous year, with its cor responding decrease in the number of » Iambs produced, which was further ac centuated by a smaller lambing aver age than in the previous year. The only districts in which there have been increases are Auckland (13,557), and Ot- ago (19,690). The total decrease in the South Island was 335,730 and in the North Island 196,264. The flocks of the Dominion now total 23,464,132- The export of mutton during the t- e-ve months, was I,91S,119 mutton carcases (decrease 61.415), legs and pieces <;de- ; crease 7557c wt.) and lamb carcases 3,035,783 (decrease 672,685). Before the XYheat Commission, sitting at Melbourne, Robert Kelleway, sup.T- visor of weighing. Railway Deparmunt, detailed the system of weighing ad op ei by the department. He could not satia the quantity of wheat for shipping : weighed in one day at Wiilimnstown, ! but at Newport 375 loaded trucks had ' been weighed. The deparlir.en'al ; weighbridges in the State were properly ! maintained and adjusted; but tlure ! was no proper supervision on non- departmental weighbridges — they m'ght be correct or not. He could not make any suggestion for the improve ment of | the present departmental system of weighing; in fact he did not think it | could be Improved upon at present. I the commission recommended th® handling of grain in bulk, weighing could be done as at present. The clue ' reason for the differences or variations in wheat weights was the impractica bility of identifying any particular con signment of wheat loaded into any truck with what would he weighed over cart weighbridges.' 