N OTES 'A N D COM M E NTS. Broken Hill miners have shown then' good sense by rejecting, by an over whelming majority, the requirement by the A.M.A. that, in case of any member being killed while employed in a mine, all the members should cease worts ; for one shift. The voting was 14866 ' no,' and 479 'yes.' The action of the State Government in declining to allow the (jovenior General the use of the Sydney Govern ment House is being condemned as ' unnecessarily churlish. A mere matter pf rental should not be allowed to stand in the way of extending cordial hospi tality to the representative of his Majesty. The Victorian Government is immeasurably wiser in its day and generation. The Hobart Conference rejected a resolution in favour of unification, and resolved to again submit the proposed amendments of the Constitution which were negatived iu April last. From the point of view of extremists, many of the proceedings of the Conference have been of a conservative character rather than otherwise. In the southern districts an enor mous increase has been noted of late in the rabbit pest. The outlook is that all the available pasture will be consumed before the winter. The only effective safeguard, so far discovered, is wire netting. There is excellent feed in net ted paddocks, but the country outside is eaten bare. In the Argentine hand shearers are paid about 12s per hundred, machine shearers about 10s 6d per hundred. The rations, consist chiefly- of biscuit, meat, ' mate ' tea, and sometimes macaroni and rice. It would seem that the Australian shearer ha's a glori ous time of it. as compared with the lot of his South American compeer. The Government is asking the Public Works Committee to sanction the ex penditure, of £40,000 on the extension of the Minister's brickworks at Home bush Bay. The cry of the horse-leech may be expected to be moderate in comparison with the insatiable demands of the State undertaking's. The share-holders in Danish co operative factories received no less than four 'millions sterling as the re sults of sales of bacon. Great possi bilities await similar systematisation of effort in Australia. The butter factories have already shown what can \- be done. There, is room for .great ex pansion, however, in the production of bacon and hams. The new steamer of the P. & O. Co., the Ballarat, brought no less than 1100 immigrants to Australia, of whom nearly 700 came to Sydney. There seems to be great hesitation, however, about arranging for the maintenance of iJiie inflow on a similar scale. Although the area cropped in 1910-11 —3,382,000 acres— exceeded that of the previous year by over 200,000 acres, the value of the produce— £9,493,000— the average yield, according to the State Statistician, was £2 16s 2d per acre, as against £3 8s 9d in the previ ous year. It is not always the largest area which gives the best return. There has been a' great scarcity of onions in the Sydney markets, and they have been bringing as much as £14 per ton wholesale. Pumpkins, too, have been bringing good prices, al though, sometimes, they can hardly be given away. 'When everyone gets increased pay because of the increased cost of living, then after all the trouble we Ifave taken,, we shall be just about where we were wiren we started. It will be as profitable as taking money out. of one pocket and putting it in the other; or, to change the metaphor, like a kitten chasin? its tail. Meanwhile, it is very hard lines for those who have to pay the increased prices, but who do not get any return in the shape of in creased pay. But one must be upto date, even in arrant folly. One of the most ghastly tragedies of modern times was the engulfing of a number of workmen in a flood of melted bronze, through the breaking of a mould. The bodies of three of them were hopelessly enclosed in the metal. Many sensational incidents attended the fire which destroyed the magnifi cent marble premises of the Equitable Life Assurance Society in New York. The damage is estimated at a mil lion. Mr. Gidlin, the President of the Safe Deposit Coi, took refuge in the vaults. The doors closed, and three inches of solid steel had to be cut through before he could be released. Several firemen, includ'ne Mr. Walsh, the Deputy Chief, were killed in the effort to fight the flames. The securi ties and important papers were rescued intact, and the Societv is c-irrvinsr on business in other premises. It nronoses to erect a new building of 50 stories. The Labour. Government of West. ?\u--- t'vlia fmds itself alrea'lv involve! in serious industrial troubles. It has succeeded, in piacatin? the wha''F lab ourers by conceding them 12s to 19s 3d ner. day. although the award specifier! n lower rate. Now the engineers and «Villp,d mechanics employed in the ^ov.ernnient workshops, with some show of 'reason, have gone out for a handsome rise, maintaining that they are justly 'entitled to better pav than that which is given to unskilled men. There seems to be no end to the diffi culties which attend the arbitrary fix ing of the price of labour. „ From the cabled summary of Lord Dudley's paper, read at the Royal Colonial Institute, London, it appears that the official silence of a Viceroy may hide a great fund of keen observa tion and acute criticism. Henceforth, in reference to his successors, we shall be asking ourselves, ' What is his Ex cellency thinking?' We know that he won't say much, so long as he is ' down under.' But when he gets back again, he may openly say what now he is silently cogitating. Mr. J. M'Whae, M.L.C. (Vic.), who has just returned to Australia, con siders that, if Australian capitalists would co-operate with those of Ameri ca in developing the resources of the Phillippine Islands, it would be to the advantage of both countries. There is so much development to be 'done in Australia, however, that it is not sur prising, that investment in the Phillip pines is neglected. The Sydney City Council has been consulting the Chief Railway Commis sioner as to whether it is hot possible to enact by- laws prohibiting the use of projecting hat-pins by ladies, on the ground that they are higMv dangerous fo persons in the vicinity. More on 'iression for the weaker sex. at the hands of the tyrant. Man I The State Minister for Works claims fhat the privileges conceded to men who work und-?r . the Government should be considered in . .deterrnminsc *he rate' of .v/age to^be paid to., them. TH«, admission cisiwn'era'hiy wakens fh& refluent which has been preferred ? to the Chief Railway Commissioner bv t]wj Cabinet, that 'he should establish tfie eight-hour system throughout the : .service, and pay a iaininiujn wage of 8s per'4'a^.' ' ' ' '*?'.'?''? 