SOY SCOUTS BAUHNVPO WELL'S). By COO-EE. THE CHIEF SCOUT'S 'VISIT. tJDCG raund a tnckshop window, hands in bis pockets be hung, JJr -ran to a row round a corner, or ran from tie bell he had rung, •Cfegaped at a game-oi football, or chiv vied a harmless cat— JChis king in a shirt -and knickoie, with his pole and his.-cowboy hat! *-fut a trumpet rang from the meadows, and the city rang with, a shout, Ynd the boy leaptinto his boyhood with the rfiagical name of Scout; Suddenly braced bis body, suddenly found hie soul, ^And vaulted to £jkloTsdo at the end of I a-heaypole, ,-33iere came to him men of glory who '' spoke of a goodly game, iWho told of a life in the open and the pnde of a gallant fame; %nd he gape them his soul and body -to discipline, shape, and train, I tad the ytaugbt him the works of God and the use of a cockney brain; .From end to end of the kingdom, from shore to shore of the coastf Etrcrag in their steadied thousands up | rises & .martial host. i&nd; the foe, when he comes, shall be rat tled and riven and pnt to Tout By the flower of to-morrow's army—the lad who has learned to scout. ... SBiai have taughthim the march and the double that conquer stiffness and stitch, ffotfend for himself in rations and cook a pot in- a. ditch, lo patch a hole in his knickers, to ' ■ - nurse his speed for a bunst. tto "like what is good and wholesome, and to love his country first, ' JPsoud of his wind and muscle, proud of his corps and kit, ■■ jHeygoes in the pluck of a body that is ■ perfectly strong and fit. .; Ruick in. the uptake, nippy, and learned in the hunter's lore, \- {Che Handy Man. of tbe-oceaa has a..bio titer-at last ashore. . i JHere's Wihe youth, of England, boys of 'i. . ' the young brigade, |Kho msidttd in shirts knick ers, gallant and unafraid, \- <Jk»y io these young lions, whelps-of the ancient breed, VJHbstenng taisk-and radiant in tfie-ehad ;r' owofEngJand's need. 3femy a. mighty hero who made our Bnglaynd great Smiles from the field of Heaven, bles sing this Fifth Estate. ■■ Here is the great assurance, here is the j' certain.sign— yhe heirs have claimed from the future \ . their place in the nation's line. , ^ —Harold BegBIe. A few months ago when Mr. Geglid ' Jjtoned these lines about the Chief Scout, : i&e; man who brought into being ' that . Jthe worxieTful organisation known as the '3Boy Scoots, bad just commenced a world . tour toith the object of seeing the pro J Jgneas of his jrafthful army in the re . -jnote parts of the Bnpii® and in lands /which, while not acknowledging his own ...' ;lcag as theirfe, were-enfhusiaetically adbpa ing ihe'iloy Scoot idea. In a. few weeks , -ithe master mind-of the organisation. will t>e in Adelaide, and appropriately enough • ■ ahimrf. simultaneously with. axeval / «omes the announcement that -this army : of boys totals ower one million. In ide 3ai&e; preparations tor his reception are ./ being pushed ahead by the assistant com ■ K missioner, Mr. & Evans. BUSH FIEE. **Tjn not the_ founder of the Boy Scouts' .movement. It started itself; flowed just .like Topsy. It sprang up, epread all over England, then all over the world." This was the modest dis claimer of Lieutenajit-General E- S. S. ■Baden-Powell, K.CJB., the hero of Male ting, in Sydney recently. "You see," lexplainBd Sir Kobert, "I first worked the geout idea when traimiig recruits for the Rnny. . Under the ordinary army train ing the young solijiers might be intelli gent enough, and they made excellent nsxade eokbeis, splendid at a. resiew, jbot with 'not tie slightest idea how to look after themselves. So I started to flrw>iro ibem thint, to develop their ini tialise; in ehort, to make complete men "of thein first, then to add the veneer of drill and discipline and eoldienstrip afterwards. I wanted to inculcate into j&em; manliness and self-reliance. Even slack can bo inculcated if necessary. Tfrnnhcm of purely cml and philan thropic bodies took up the idea. The Boys' Krigade, the Y.W CLA-, and the Church Tjih started out to - teach youngsters to develop the latent powers and talents that the out-o'-do<BB life brings Into play. . So I wrote a little book on scouting, for the guidance of those anxious to form patrols. Then the movement spread like wildfire. Thqfe are now over 130X00 Boy Scouts in Great Britain, and thousands of companies of . similar organisations. When I went to Belgium I found them «here. I went on a visit to Svea Hedin in Sweden, and found that he was a Chief Scout frith 20,000 Boy Scouts all over the kingdom. In Russia, Holland, and Den mark ttte Scout idea is gripping young . store, and benefiting them, too, enor _ roously- Down at Panama there are nine " patrols doing the work of the mosquito police. Chili is overrun with them. Becendy the Government there took 280 Boy Scoots for a cruise on a man-of war to Juan Fernandez (Cruso's island), end let them run abroad and live there for a space like so many Bohinson Crusoea." "A new andexcslleni development of the idea is that of sea scouts. First of all they must be taught toewim. Then they kam to manage a boat and to sail. Games are instituted, smuggling, cut ting out a pirate, slave expeditions, ship wrecks, and other ideas, which, while appealing to the romantic side of the youngsters' nature, teaches them all about the sea, makes them handy in. boaits, and, above all, puts them where they can bear tbe call of tbe salt sea. If you bad 20.000 sea ecouts_ round the coast tbe question, of Australian defence and the maiming of tbe Australiannavy would not eeem such a difficult pro blem." TH-R AUSTRALIAN BOY. The Australian scout is rather of a different type to the boy of England. He is quicker-witied, sharper, and rather akin to the American boy. In Knglanfl the boy scout idea was formed with a view to bringing the boys on, and deve loping their latent ideas. That is not necessary here. But it is lifcely to direct the .superabundant energies of the Austra lian into safe channels, and exercise a salutary discipline, and inculcate lessons of respect to officers and parents. The whole object of the movement is to deve lop the boys' character, impart a sense of loyalty and duty, to make them do the right thing rather from a sense of duty than from fear of punishment THE IMPERIAL IDEA. "Also, we want to develop the Imperial idea. Wo. want to make the boy scouts a link in the chain that binds the Empire together. Flag exchanges and visits can do a "lot in this direction. Already ue have had visits from tiibraita, Canada, and South Africa to England, and there is a hope that an Australian contingent will go home next year. When the King went to India he found hoy scouts to ■welcome him at Delhi. In South Africa British and Boer boys are in the same patrols, and it is cementing the union. The same thing is happening with the French Canadians of Quebec and Mon treal. "In Sussex we have scout farms, wliere the scouts do everything for themselves. London lads are sent there; they grow crops build their own houses, do their own marketing, and bank their own re turns. They keep their own books, and learn how farming is done practically, and not theoretically. They have then own town councillors. It is a spjendid training foT colonists. Canada is provid ing special farms for immigrant boys like these." SEA SCOUTS. Assistant Scoutmaster Dyer is now in charge jot the- sea -scant* crew, .with C.; boatswain. C—LenUiaU' as=-cox ewain, ami C. GUI as stroke. The crew mustered on Tuesday evening) and re ceived instruction in knotting, splicing, and Morse signalling. At the Empire Bay demonstration a display of Schafer's method of restoring theapparently drown ed was given. The crew paraded in uniform for the first "time last Saturday. Coiporal Truman, Australian Corps of Signallers, will instruct the crew in sig nalling. On Monday last the crew pro ceeded to Semaphore, where the morning was spent in rowing, signalling, swim ming, and practising code work. There was a good muster, and much valuable work was done. A" trip to the lighthouse in the cutter took place in the afternoon, when after an inspection of this beacon, the crew rowed the yacht, which had be come becalmed, back to headquarters. In the evening they were joined by the Semaphore Scants, and the two troops took part in a concert alj the Semap! tore Baths. On Tuesday instruction was given in knotting, splicing,, and signalling, and on Thursday squad drill occupied the' time of the ladk TO THE EESCUE. While the eea scoute were practising at the Semaphore on Monday last one of the fishermen on 4he jetty took a fit. The boys were quickly on the eoene, ant? «he eufierer was soon brought around. CADETS AND SCOTJTS. The Chief Scout, speaking at a dinner in Sydney last week, said:— "I have an ulterior motive in coming here, and that is to get hold of your boys. I want you to 6tudy and con Eider tiie Scout movement, and to en courage it if you the proper one. Perhaps some of you don't know much about the Boy Scouts, except that you have seen a few ragged urchins in bare knees running about. In this country you have 6©£ a grand example to the rest of the Empire. I refer to universal training. (Applause.) I came through the West Indies, the United Stales, and the East, my eyes iave been open ed as to the enormous development that are going on, and of which we in the older conn tries are hardly aware. The Panama. Canal is going to be a great gate between Bast and West, and it i6 a matter of very grave concern whether the traffic is going to be from West to East or from East to West. Al ready some of our friends who don't look you straight in the face, because they have-got a bit of a eqtrint are look ing a long -way ahead. You have got to match them. You are-going to make your bojs men to defend their country. (Applause.) I hope your example will be followed by the rest- of the Empire. The Boy Scout movement is going to be a great aid to yon. -We put into the boys the spirit which must be the pro per groundwork on which to base ithe military- training that is to follow. Iiord Kitchener laid it down in his report on Australian defence that the right spirit was essential to the success of the scheme. The spirit of the enbordina iion of one's own will, of eell-escrifioe, of honor, is not born in a boy. We take &tem; at an impressionable age, and put that spirit into them. It must come from a sense of duty and loyalty to their officers and to the country, and be Brought about by discipline. The Boy Scouts are not an opposition to the Cadets. On the other hand, we provide a groundwork for making them better Cadets." (Applause.) CETTECH PARADE. On Wednesday night next the Sea Scouts will hold a special church parade at OJBX, when appropriate addresses will be given. Other troops invited. GENERAL NOTES. A letter has been received from Miss M. Bees George in behalf of the commit tee of the I>eague-of the Empire, thanking the scoutmasters and scouts for their as sistance in connection with the league's concert last Saturday evening, and expres sing a wish that the Baden-Powell Boy Scouts would give their services on fu ture occasions. It is needless to state that our soouts will always be only too happy to help to the best of their abi lity. A year's free tuition in singing has been promised to the scout who makes the best progress in the rehearsals for the special songs, for the Baden-Powell concert. Miss Wemyss has offered a se cond prize, which will consist of a scout's compass, knife, and whistle. Scoutmaster E. Barber, late of the 1st Benmark troop, has sent greetings from Fiji to his old troop. He has been awar ded a gold thanks badge for past services. AMONG THE TROOPS. 'Assistant Commissioner Lindsay, S.W., and Scoutmaster Boys were engaged with members of the Unley and Malvern Troop on Thursday evening in the adjusting and testing of rations apparatus used in wireless telegraphy. The scouts will be kept busy studying the Morse code and reading messages transmitted by a "buzzer" prior to commencing the more difficult task of picking up wireless mes sages. The Eose Park patrol paraded at the troop rooms on Saturday afternoon last, and received valuable instruction in bridge building from Lient- Langavad (late of the Royal Danish Engineers). The scouts had tea at headquarters, and in the evening marched into town to take part in the Empire League demon stration. The patrol will muster at troop room this afternoon at 2.15. Soouts must bring rations for tea. There was a field day on Monda3r at Clifton. The 1st Benmark Troop have resumed work after a short recess. On Empire Day they headed the public school pro cession at Benmark, and afterwards as sisted at the school sports. In the even ing they organised a party to look for two 32tle lost children. On the Satur day the scouts formed a line across the dry bed of the Murray, and were photo graphed, so that they might have a re cord of Each & unique proceeding. Dar ing the afternoon wrestling was prac tised, and dispatch runs ei gaged in over what is ordinarily the track of the river steamers. Scoutmaster A. Barber is now | in charge of the troops, having succeed-1 ed his brother in this capacity. The' Bev. T. P. Wilson ha." been appointed assistant scoutmaster and chaplain. The 1st city scouts on Monday last; journeyed to Clifton and carried out various items of scoutwork under S.M. Button, and the sea section went to the beach. The peace scouts spent a most educational time in the lower foothills, practising deduction, stalking, and tracking. In the evening flag raiding was carried out when the Kensington troop defended. TVe heard of an old lady who planted cabbages in her garden on the slope of a hilL After this was done a- drought set in, and she was very much afraid it would ruin her cabbages: -se she pray ed for rain. It rained and it continued to rain, and it still rained and it kept on raining. When the old lady saw her cabbages washed down the side of the hill, slie betook herself to her knees again to pray, and said:—"Oh. Lord, it is true I prayed for rain, but this is sim ply ridiculous." 