1 Wayside Notes j , DEVOUT RAILWAY WORKERS. On lie occasion of this year's pil grimage to Croagh Patrick, the offi cials and staff of the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland presented .an exquisitely designed and costly iciborium to the little chapel on the :feill. Last year the same devout "workers presented a 'beautiful chalice to the Church on Patrick's Mount. The Rev. Father Canavan, Adm., 'has sent the following reply to Mr. Wickham, who, on behalf of the offi- cials and staff of the Midland Great Western Railway Company, made the presentation : — Dear Mr. Wickham, — I am delight- ed with the /exquisite cibori >:m which the officials and staff of the M. G. W. Railway Company have presented to .-the little chapel GU'the siUmmit of the holy mountain'. The generosity of the 'givers and the sa- ©red appropriateness /of the gift stir feelings .within me t'hat I am not able to express in words. The pil grims have not forgotten the costly chalice you presented last year ; and now you come again, complet- -in? the former gift by laying be side it a chaste and costly com panion. The spontaneous action of the men who first thought of offering these gifts is worthy of all praise. Most of them are humble toilers with noble hearts. They have shown by their Catholic . pietv and by their devotion to St. Patrick that the Irish worker is staunch and "true to holy Faith. I beg you to convev my profound gratitude to the officials and staff for their precious gifts, and to as sure them that they shall not be 'forgotten at the altar when these costly vessels are devoted to their sacred use. — I remain, very sincer- ely yours, R. CANAVAN, Adm. MODERN JERUSALEM. PROGRESS MADE IN THE FAM OUS EASTERN CITY. The latest indication of the pro gress going on in Jerusalem was the arrival ta short time ago of a mas sive American motor road roller and the decision to epiip the city with an efficient tramway system. The walls enclose 209 acres, of which 35 acres are occupied by the Temple 'en closure. But owing to the impossi bility of housing the thousands cf Jewish immigrants who still con tinue to arrive, building has been proceeding outside the walls to' a very considerable extent. The consequence of the presence of this extramural population is that first one and then another of the gates was left open by night, until to-dav they are all perpetually open. Indeed two of the gateways have no gates at all. Meanwhile the Moham- _4tnedan' population as not by any means keeping pace with the Jewish, .and the Holy City seemsi in a fair way to. become once more in fact as well /as in name the capital city of the Hebrew race. Jerusalem is soon to have its own -trarawa.v service, as a. concession for the purpose has already been grant ed to a French company, which will start laying the tramlines in the course of this summer. An English compsnv 'has aiulied for a conces sion to illuminate the city with elec tric light, and a German syndicate wishes to provide the city with wa ter by the construction of large re servoirs near wells situated at a dis tance of about sixteen miles from Jerusalem. The municipality is also consider- in'gj proposals for paving, the streets and constructing sewage works . A . piodern fire extinguishing apparatus « and a telephone installation are also to be provided. The project of constructing a har bour in Jaffa, which has been .dis cussed for the last thirty years, "likely to he realised at last. A French- Belgian company, with 'the co-operation of the Jaffa- Jerusalem "Railway Company, is said to have applied, for a concession to carry out the project, for which it has raised a capital of nearly one million pounds sterling. The Government is report ed to have come to ,an agreement with the company about the condi tions of the concession, and only the consent of Parliament is now neces sary. % THE BRITANNIC. THE NEW GIANT STEAMER FOR THE' WHITE STAR LINE. It was recently announced that in the new, Atlantic liner, building at Belfast, by Harland and Wolff, Limited, for the White Star Line, the name of one of the most success ful vessels in the history of the com pany is to be revived. As is well known the original ves sel of this name, built in 1874, had a most successful indeed distinguish ed career, actually making her 'best Passages after- running a quarter of a century in the , Atlantic service, and' being subsequently engaged in the transport service for three years. In general features the new vessel will be similar to the Olympic, but she will be of somewhat larger ton nage. There will also be various im provements introduced into . the new vessel, resulting from, the experience gained in the Olympic, which vessel will also be .altered at an early date. The general structural . chan ges will /be very few, the strength of the Olympic under all weather con ditions having proved entirely sa tisfactory. This is very strong tes timony 'to the comprehensive grasp of detail in the evolution of this great liner. In two important re spects, however, both vessels are to bear evidence of the recent change in expert and public opinion as regards protection against the effects of col lision with icebergs or other obstac les, both by the introduction of a complete inner skin extending to a considerable height above the lead line throughout the most vulnerable portions of the vessels, and also by increased height and number of watertight bulkheads, so as to ren der both ships as nearly unsinkable as possible-in fact, making them practically safe against all conceiv able contingencies. Hitherto it was considered suffici ent if a vessel could float with any two compartments pierced ; but the Olympic and Britannic, besides! hav ing this extra protection against se rious damage, will he able to float with any six compartments flooded; and with these special provisions it is not considered within the possi bility of chance that so many com partments could he fin this oondition. Still, even in the unlikely event of this happening, the vessel will still float. The White Star Line and the builders, having given the mat ter the most earnest consid eration, believe they ha"e solv ed the' problem of carrying, the pre cious human freight of these large and popular leviathans in absolute safety. Needless to say, the introduction of these provisions involves the owners in enormous cost, tout in the White Star Line the safety of life has al- wavs had paramount consideration. It -has been arranged fcr the Olym pic to he sent to Belfast this winter for the necessary alterations, which will bring her in all respects up to the high standard which has been de cided upon for the Britannic, which vessel is now in the early stage of building on- the stocks at Messrs. Harland and Wolff's yard at Belfast. %. - EARNEST WORK FOR THE CATHOLIC PRESS. The Archbishop and Bishops of New Zealand have given very definite in structions to their Priests on the best1 means of getting the."N.Z. Tab let" into every Catholic family in the Dominions. The circular sent by His Lordship Bishop Clearv to the clergy of the Diocese of Auckland contains the following practical points 1\. "Announce the approaching . re duction in price to your various congregations. 2\. "Exhort your people to become subscribers. 3\. "Appoint some active and trust worthy person in each district to act as canvasser and collector ; or, if you think well of it, you might undertake part of the good work yourself. 4\. "Make arrangements, wherever , you m"ay think it desirable, for the sale of the paper at the church doors — this could, perhaps, be done to' best advantage in city and suburban parishes. 5\. "And, generally, take whatever steps you may deem most effec tive to extend in your parish, the circulation and influence of a 'great arid ably-conducted organ of Ca tholic opinion that has been val iantly fighting the hattle of the faith in New Zealand for the past forty years. "The four great marks or signs of the true Church of Christ are these : it is one ; it is holy it is Catholic; it is Apostolical. To these might be added a fifth or subsidiary mark — namely, the never-ceasing storm of misrepresentation and calumny beat ing against the Church from every wind of adverse belief and unbelief. Three powers, (represented by Herod, Pilate, and Caiphas — at first un friendly to each other — stood toge ther in a sort . of harmony in op- Position to Christ and His work. In like manner, in our own day, three mutually antagonistic forces find a common bond of union in their hos tility to the Church which Christ founded to continue His work on earth. We have (1) — though in an al tered and mitigated form— the relics of the old (Protestant tradition, which (as Newman shows) has fable for its basis, .prejudice for its life, assumed principles for its intellectual ground, and- for its protection ig norance concerning Catholics and their faith. (2). We have li'-ewise the attack from dogmatic unbelief, aria'ng from an exaggerated higher criticism and (not from science, but) from the unverified end oft-times dis proved theories or guesses of some men of science. And (3) the Church of God is also subject to attack from groups of extreme social theor ists who have been for 'many years menacing , the foundations of good . order and of family life in various lands. The printed page of newspa per and of hook is the sounding- board of them all. And never be fore, in all probability, was Yon Moltke's saying more fully verified — that falsehood is, in our day, one of the Great Powers. "It is chiefly by encouraging a sound religious press that we can, in some measure, meet the constant pressure of these attacks upon, and misrepresentations of, the truth as it is in Christ, and preserve the prec ious jewel of the faith in the souls of our peoole. One of the best inherit ances that a parent can leave his child is a taste for the reading of good, sound, Catholic books and newspapers." THE DEMOCRATIC RULER OF DENMARK. Charles X., who has succeeded to the throne of Denmark on the re cent dramatic death of his father, is in every sense, an ideal monarch from the standpoint of democracy. His vouth has been spent in continuous and close intimacy with his people. He is also a breezy, jovial person ality, which irresistibly sways ad miration towards him. His is the open character we read, and his fis the gay countenance ; his, again, is the ringing and ready laugh, and his is the enchanting affability. What wonder that he enjoys a terrific Pop ularity, that cheering crowds hail him on day's of festival, that smiles greet, his appearance, smiles reflecting his own brightness and gaiety. For as some kings - are great and others are good, this Danish King is gay. His infancy, his adolescence, his ri pening manhood and the period of his prime, have all been passed in Co penhagen under the eyes of the peo ple. They adore him. He is so es sentially and irresistibly Danish in sentiments and ideas that make him the living mirror of his people. AN AFTER- DINNER STORY. An instance of his democratic lean ings is given by a French daily in connection with an incident that oc curred when, as 'Prince Christian, he left the Guards. He had begged leave to retain his rifle. This boon was denied, as the. weapon belonged to the State. The comrades of the ' , Prince opened a subscription at once. The rifle was purchased and, present ed to the heir to Denmark's throne, who retorted with a dinner. The oc casion was enlivened by a discussion of what, must happen to certain roy alties as a result of the spread of Republicanism throughout Europe. The King of, Sweiden, all agreed, might earn his bread as a play wright. The German Emperor would succeed ias a stage manager. '"I," ob served the Danish Prince, "would emigrate to the United States and go into vaudeville.". The hilarity he can diffuse by entering in this gay fashion into everyone's moods was so delightful to' the inhabitants of Jut land that they built him a palace when he. was married. He had lived among, them as a bachelor on terms of absolute equality, visiting the homes of the plainest people and drinking tea in social -gatherings made, up of school teachers," Social ists, and impecunious poets, as well as military and civil functionaries. A reception at the chateau of Mar- selistorb, the Jutland seat of the Danish King, brings together all sorts and conditions of men and wo men with an intimacy' unknown at other Courts. If -the King of Den mark is happy un his people, his peo ple are happy in their king. REUNION OF THREE PRIEST- BROTHERS. Rev. Malachy Hynes, a Capuchin Father from the Irish province of Dublin, but of late located in Ore gon, was recently the guest for a few days of Rev. J. J.. Hynes at the rectory at Smartsvilla (says 'the " Sacramento Herald"). Another guest at the same time was Rev. (Michael Hynes, of Maxwell. The three priests, are brothers, and this was their first meeting under one roof in many years. It is needless 'to- say that the few days in which they foregathered in this far West ern land were days of great rejoic ing for all. The time flod all too rapidly when the brothers clasped hands in farewell and went their re spective ways to pursue their sacred work of the ministry t each in his allotted place. Father Malachy Hynes escaped the fate of Father Byles and the other victims of the Titanic by. the merest chance. He had his passage engaged on the ill-fated steamer, and at the last moment changed it to permit fiim to take , part in a great Home Rule celebration in Dublin on the sailing date of the Titanic. The for tunate ,t«ut- seemingly trifling incident saved the Capuchin from a watery grave and made possible /this unusual reunion of three priestlj1- brothers. 