p ' " — JT THE LESgONSTO MF- V i ' FUTURE OF AUSTRALIAN PRODUCERS. QUESTION OF METHODS AND MARKETS : (BY OCR SPECIAIj REPRESEJNTATIYE 1 : .. ' -No.'- 46. The concluding articles of this series trill deal with a subject that is of i special interest just now, viz., the ex port butter trade, and London market methods as they affect Australian in terests. Before dealing with the sub ject, however, it will be advisable, as a (summing- op to speak of the lessons I learnt during my tour abroad, and the lessons to be learned hy the Australian producers, from those of other coun tries, particularly America and Den mark. A Comparison. The opinion generally expressed by those who have paid a visit to other countries is that Australia is as good, if not better, than most of them. And after dispassionately considering the ! merits of all of them no other" conclu sion can possibly be arrived at- Giving full we ght and' prominence to oc casional bad years, as an agri cultural Jiury, Australia can more than its own. The ques- tion of whether Australia is a better country than others, however, is not the. main thing. It is important from ' an immigration point of view, but to those o ho have already settled here ; End intone to remain, the question that ' most interests them is how they can best improve their methods and enlarge their returns. In the previous articles I have uu rely referred to what has in terested i n. most as an agriculturist and described the most conspicuous features in the practice of farming, principe. by m ihe United States, and In Denmark, Those two countries wero selected i r a special reason. In the case of tl.o iurmer the climatic condi tions and li e crops grown correspond, in many i i es, to those Australia must place- her d« -nendence upon," while with the la it' r it stands to-day as the most progressive and advanced agricultural country in the world and It (has attained its eminence, not because of its natural Bultabtihv, but in spite of its many natural dm advantages. j Denmark Supremacy. j To deal with the latter first. Denmark owes im agricultural supremacy first a::c fore. si :o Bo -operation. The ex- planai mu given by a celebrated Scot- ; tish agr- dt.urist, who visited Denmark as a sy- iv.l commissioner, that the three causes the marvellous progress | that country b:s= made were: — (1) Co- ; Ci- icT--; cjt » v - p. ration; and (3) Co- ' eperathr. iy m the main/correct. It U Co-. ;:e: atii ilot j..:s enabled them to improve tkf-'r farming methods as well us tbe;r selling methods. And that is a p .'t t that io too frequently over looked, We, v. l.o look for our salva- | tli 'ii to Co- ye ration, will find that it is ! going to ir..- reuse our annual returns enormou.Cy; hut eventually (if ever the principle i- consummated) methods will ; be imj r vt ,j and production increased. Co-op melon to-day is the Australian farmerc gewtest need. The evils figair.it which the Danish dairymen ; find Cue- Calif oral an fruitgrowers EtruEghvl - 0 desperately for years are , threat ning us. Our isolation and re- ; motor, ess from our markets accentuate . cur d utger. An officer, who invest!- ; gated the lemon industry along the Mediterrur ean littoral a year or two figo, reported that California, with Its kigh-priiod labor, could compete suc cessfully against the cheap European lhorbocause the Industry was organ-_ isea. " Between the time : the fruit leaves the orchards and ' Its reaching the hands of the con sumer it has to pay commission five or six times, and not infrequently nine or ten times." Six or seven then, in other words, have to extract their profit from it before any comes to the producer. Denmark suffered the same experience with its butter. Australian Producers' Obstacles. Australia is paying toll on all her exports. The commission agent waxes fat upon the labor of the far mer, The man who grows the stuff concerns himself in no way with the disposal of it. Up to the present the farmer has not been dis posed to bestir himself, and the agent is not likely to kick. Provided the agent leaves us with sufficient to live upon, we are content. We grumble, but we do not resist. Our dairy farmers have made some attempt at combined effort, but in almost every one of their agree ments the essential principle is lack ing. They band themselves into Co operative societies, but they do not bind themselves. The principal execu tive officers of the Danish and Califor- nian association informed me that it was the penal clauses of the agreement that kept the organisations together for the first few years. It must be clear to everyone that without such provisions as heavy fines for those who join a society and then sell their produce through private channels, the society must quickly crumble away. And that is why our Co-operative so- sieties have not taken complete posses sion of the dairying Industry through out our eastern States. A farmer joins a society, but the following week a pro prietary firm will offer slightly more than current rates for his cream, and the farmer accepts. The proprietary firm makes good that extra little bit in a very short time, with a little to the good, and the Co-operative society is weakened. It Is strong only in num bers, not in influence. The associations are disintegrated, and farmers cannot bring their combined weight to bear in their negotiations with .the shipping companies, with the local sellers, or with the foreign buyers. It is the same with all our other exports — wheat, mut ton and fruit. The producer re lies upon the agent, and he is ever 1 at his mercy. From the point of view of commercial economy, and granting that every agent was as honest as the day, the present system is the most ex pensive to the producer and to the con sumer. State Inaction. The Indifference of the farmer to "Co operation is, however, his own affair. The indifference of State or Federal departments to the transportation of our products is another matter, and one which affects the future of our in dustries. Because the ships"1which trade with Australian ports are now fitted with refrigeration chambers, we sit back and accept this, as the solution of our transportation problems. America, with a ten days' voyage, and with such hardier stuff as wheat and maize, has found that it has paid her handsome ly to investigate the causes of the change the produce undergoes during transit. Australia, relying largely on its butter and its fruit, two of the most easily perishable f &rms; of produce, does ?or may .not #et 1L . He hapo; check Jipon the companies. ; Orchardlsts have repeatedly asked for self-recording ther mometers, which would Indicate the extent and nature, of the fluctuations of temperature between Australia and ripirope. Even that trifling innovation ' hut yet been joined. - Every year «je Question of securing space recurs. The shipping companies regret that the arrangements cannot be altered, and the 'produce suffers. These are our main difficulties. It is not a matter of our distance from the markets, but one of our inability to improve our transporta- tation. As for disposal of our produce abroad this is a question which' cannot easily be settled. That producers do lose, and lose heavily under the exist- ifig arrangements Is generally ®d- j mltted, but . what new system is ! to be desired to " meet the case j ,is one that only a commercial man j with a knowledge of the conditions ob- ( taining in London and elsewhere can decide. Selling and Transport. With Co-operation the present troubles .would be obviated, but with out it someone else must provide a > remedy. Everyone who has sold even as little as a box of oranges knows the i evils of the commission system, and the inability to discover what the fruit ! ; actually sold for, and when thousands of boxes, may be, are being disposed of I 16,000 miles away one needs to have a ! great deal of faith In human nature, j Our difficulties for the present all lie in the direction of selling and trans port That our production in many branches is extraordinarily low in com parison with other countries is no cause : for alarm, it does not prove that our country or even our climate is deficient, j What It does suggest js that our :ne- j thods are not up to date. And i tionably they are not. WebaiAot ! yet felt the press of comjajition,'" and j i until stimulated by neceJrey -see not likely to show any imarvnlellWttvf individual cases, where eneLand am- j ibition are the driving forO/S will obtain results that will efforts of farmers in any country of ttnH j wGrld. With the majority, however | j (and It is only where better methods 1 become general that the average of pro- I duction is Increased), there appears to ; be little prospect of a change. In Aus- j tralia a comfortable existence Is easily ! won from the soil, and the majority are ; content with that. They can raise stock without recourse to artificial feed- j Ing, and they prefer to do that rather : than to Increase their profits by cuiti- | vation. ! Australia's Opportunity. As Australia begins to fill up its empty areas the economic conditions j will change, and so the methods will ' Improve. It has the land and the cli- | mate to grow almost any product to perfection. This is a bold statement, but It Is true. An exhibit of Australian products which travelled the principal shows of Great Britain last year was so good that some of the English far- ' mers doubted , its genuineness. That ex- i cellent wheat, fruit, butter, and wool could all be produced from the one farm it would have been madness to attempt to prove to them- At the Royal Show, at Inverness some of the Scottish farmers, who saw Australian fine wool for the first time, doubted whether it was not silk. Up In the Highlands many of the black-faced sheep grow a covering more resembling goats' hair than wool, and it was no wonder that they were incredulous. It was much the same with other products. One has to leave Australia to find how good Australian products really are. Here we become accustomed to good butter, and to wholesome and attractive fruit. A sample of beautifully plump and flinty grain causes no remark. It "is what we see everywhere, and it is typical of our produce. In Europe the climatic conditions are against the production of such fruit or of such grain. And With land the comparison is all in our favor, what we despise as third- rate land would be at once converted into arable land in western Europe. Our quality because of climate must always be superior. Our quantity, so long as our present methods- continue, will always be comparatively low. When we adopt the methods of. Den mark in dairying and of California In fruitgrowing we will overcome the competition of any country in the world. 