Ci&UM;®® A.M© §C1^K. Lismore School of Arts has a membership of 399 financial members. Tbe Labor Council has declared in favor ot a living wage of 10a per day . j The first sod of the Nimitybelle-Bombala I railway will be turned next Saturday . In an interim report the Food Commission recommends the municipalisation of the fioli fliinnlv. i * WIIBWBUU** £ man residing at Liverpool has been trying to get a divorce from his wife in order to marry his mother-in-law. Claims for increased wages are being made by the Builders' Laborers' Union through out the Commonwealth. A lady who represented a local firm of J jewellers at the recent Lismore Hospital ball wore over £3000 worth of jewels. The Queanbeyan Church of England has installed three room beaters, a departure that' other churches might follow with ad vantage this oold weather. Out of a crowd of twenty people whioh was waiting outside the Lismore Police Court on Wednesday, while the District Court was being held, fourteen were Hindoos. \- One Frank Isaac, of Goulburn, received ' on July 6 a postcard sent by himself from Tumiit on June 4, 1909, over three years ago On July 12 he reoeived another post card which should have come to hand three years ago. The Farmers' and Settlers' Association branches on Monaro have decided to run Mr 'Wright as a Country Party candidate at next election. The Nimitybelle branch turned . down a proposal to support the Liberal candidate. \- A sum of £5000 has been voted to the / British Immigration League towards ac quiring a home for immigrants. This will \- enable immigrants on arrival here to be pro-, / Tided with shelter, pending their obtaining employment. Br. Maloney, speaking in the House of Eepresentatives, declared on the authority of ? medical officer that not 1 per cent, ot the population of Sydney was vaccinated. Mr M' Williams said the quarantine system of Australia was a disgrace. Interesting list of current wages paid to S workers in Merrie England : Women make blouses ftt 9d, lid, and Is 3d per dozen— and have to find their own cotton. Boys Reefer coats 4d each. Women's coats,. 7d eaoh. Envelopas, l£d per 1000. Matchboxes, 2$d. per gross— makers finding their own paste. The State Parliament re-assembled yester day. The same wrangling will be indulged in as during last session. Mr Lamb, K.C., who represents the Colonial Sugar Eefining Company in the case preferred against in for failing to attend before the Eoyal Commission appointed to inquire into the sugar industry, addressed the Court for no less than 36 hours. The policy outlined by the Minister for ! Lands at the Farmers and Settlers' Confer- j ence plainly shows that the big holder of ' land anywhere near a railway line is to be pushed out. If a man holds more than £5000 worth of property he is to be asked to pay a supertax that is calculated to make him let go his hold of the excess. A member of Parliament, speaking in Sydney the other day,, said that Australian butter was sold in London and Australian sugar in South Africa cheaper than they were in Sydney. Aiyl that is a truth that makes a man with a family scratch his head and think some. Australian butter is re tailed in London at Is ; here it is Is 5d. The latest thing in strikes has developed in Victoria, where at a bush school the scholars struck because of the dilapidated condition of the building. Not a scholar put in an appearance for a week. In some of our country districts it would take similar determined attitude to focus the Depart ment's attention on some of the school shanties. The general manager (Mr Sims) is re organising the whole of the steamship ser vice of the Illawarra and South Coast Steam Navigation Company. The large cargo carrier, s.s. Moruya, will in future leave Sydney every Tuesday night for Wollongong, Kiama and Nowia, and will run direct from Nowra to Sydney on Wednesdays. The branches of the Farmers and Settlers' Association throughout the Monaro have de cided to run a straight-out country party candidate against Mr. Miller' at the next election. Mr. S. Jephcott is also in the field as a Liberal candidate. It is reported that Mr. G\ J. Lesmond, of Cooma, intends opposing Mr Miller for the Labor selection. The Danisty Import Co. Limited. 16 & 18 Tooley-etreet, London', report (through their agents, Messrs Hawken and Vance, 95. Sussex-street, Sydney) : — Butter — Prices are easier as follows : Choioest New South Wales salted, 108s, 110a , do. do., unsalted, 108s, 110s Choicest Victorian salted, 108s, 110s; do, do., unsalted, 108s. HQs. Choicest New Zealand salted, 112s, 114s; do. do,, unsalted, 114s, 116a. Danish,- 120s. Si berian^ 104s, 106s. , ! . rr ; i V; -- ,v V- C V - r ;? At the annual meeting of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney on Friday a dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per .annum was declared. Coraki Herald gives the following particu lars of Mr C. Hansen's herd of grade Jerseys at 'Vl^oodburn, which should prove of interest to Jersey fanciers in this district r—January 1 to December SI, 191 1 : Average number of cows in milk 33, average yield per cow 345 lbs butter, valued at £14 15g. Australia being followed. Twelve thousand [ boys in the State schools throughout Austria are being taught rifle shooting. The Minis ter for Defence, who has inspired the move ment, says that within a few years every sohoolboy in Austria will know how to handle a gun. ^ Opposition to this form of training has entirely disappeared. On instructions from Speaker Willis, Mr 0\. W. Oakes, an ex- Honorary Minister, was refused admission to any part of Parliament House, except the lobby. It has been an unwritten law in the traditions of Parliament House that ex- Ministers and members were granted certain privileges, one of which was the right of visiting the House and the use | of the libraries. There's no doubt about the result— that good saddles and good harness always look well,, are a edit to their owner, and set the horse off to an advantage. All these, with many other accessories, may be obtained from F, V, Bindon, who now holds a new and varied stock, at exceptionally reasonable prices. A special line of gent's, saddles now on view; an inspection is invited. F. V. Bindon, Saddler. Junction- street.* To combat tuberculosis, Mr Max Henry, M.R.C.V.S., Government Veterinary Sur geon, recommends applying the tuberculin test to calves before turning them out with other young oattle, He gives instances, where this has been done, of apparently healthy calves reacting to the test, and proving, on post mortem, to be extensively affeoted. The loss sustained by killing affected oalves would be much Idas than that by killing adult oattle. . Replying to a deputation which asked him to do something to extricate the Kurri Kurri Hospital from the difficulty of being unable to get medical men, the Premier said it seemed to him as wicked and almost ciim inal that a body of highly cultured men should take up the course of action to the detriment of human life and suffering.' If patients died the doctors on strike would be guilty. No matter what ' the expense, the Premier added, the State will pay and Kurri Kurri Hospital will be kept going. Tjbe medical staff haye gong on striked f I The bakers of Lismore have enfnraA , combine or amalgamation, with a yiew to ' j SiS eC°n0ffiy ' Cure, - ' He coughed until his face was red ? He coughed until he was half dead ? Mis throat was sore, ' His voice was soft, And simooh„8ghrshea' aod 'msied- . F°r TOncu,°e'..W0°d8' 0real ^PPermmt VI ted on several occasions, but none of JSl ratepayers can be induced to selves to be nominated. Th* fi has been appealed to, but it nnintm the Act does not give it cower tn ' representative. 8 P°WGr to ao^ate*. , Hon. G. W. Fuller, in the House of , resentatives last Thursday, asked tL a Minister for Defence whv it l?0^?'11/ Small, the woollen expert viSted ™ places and omitted to visit ®ertaia eminently suited fo™ f : before he drew up h » repoT^ VE?^ said he was unable to sav Di, *£ Roberts did not visit certain town/ number of towns were visitnrt in'«* States, and honorable^ ! E fch®d'fc*enfc the expert was making an inHnn^ o ' honorable members took th^S^n S°T suggesting that certain places iL iT'.!0 - visited, and municipal ^ 8h0uId and other institutes made tmnaS? ffiSST aU were ' sA's1 rzi° zh:i,tbTu^ is.bemg demonstrated ? Lismore on a sale returns for tbe months of Aprii and June amounted to mu, £ ? ' 7 tically equal to ' returns were as follows '—A nriJ ? o® butter£2*. pumpkins' £io lucerne lio' vegetables £2. May : Eutte- ii Q rlt i ''' ' grand returns are detqilsd ucil doubt as. to: the wisdom nf ^in tfi 8 no in suitable districts. ^ser settlement: 'i ! ? ??? ' ? ? fr Jf /. *{) r.i'C?':'.; \ t -,:A 