OF RURAL INTEREST, (Special for ibis Paper). (By 'Bnstio') ADDING NEW PROVINCES TO VIC TORIA. ' The departure of the Victorian Land Settlers1 .delegation for America may be taken as the chief event _ of the ,week trom the poLut of view that is taken in this column — that of rural ? interests. Messrs. W; Catanach and D. Dowrick, who have been entrusted 'with the important mission to faring to this State expert lirigationists trom those parts ot tne unuea orates where the wilderness has been convert ed into a laud flowing with milk and honey by the juiicious use of water, . are entitled' to the standing of am bassadors. Bpon the success of their efforts depends the realisation to the full of the potentialities tliat lie in our irrigable lauds. And the effects of the influx of a body of the keen American lrngationists who know the business ana have the energy and determina tion required to make the mo6t of I their opportunities, would not be con L lined to V'istoria. xhe adjoining States L have the essentials for adding ihe new ? : provinces and immense increase : of pro K Auction which cau be brought into ex B£ istence by irrigation properly applied. Htaew tsouth Wales is already beginning E5fit sit up and take notice of the results ^^Etendiug Alir. El wood Mead's work ^Kiere. It is said that the Government ^Kbr the ueiffubourinc: tjtate is so impres ?P sed with his ability that they are offer V' ing tempting inducements to him -to go m ,' over to their service. The object s'' lesson which will be provided by the W' American irrigatiouists, if Messrs. p csitanacn and aJowi- icb. are able to se cure them, will theretore have a far reaching influence, and will be a po tent factor in the development of the producing industries of Australia. Another phase of the matter is the influence these men would have upon the native-born, who are disposed to regard irrigation with scant respect. The Premier, speaking a few days ago, said that in addition to sending tlie delegation to America auother sliould be sent through Victoria for the pur pose of bringing about an under standing of what there is in irrigation, lie is right. 'Ihe opening up of the Northern Territory, which is being ini tiated by the Federal Government in a puny sort of way, will doubtless take from us a lot of the young men whom we can ill afford to lose. The fascina tion of the wide areas of country will have a greater charm for these men than the much more remunerative til ling of the land upon the lines of the succesful irragatioiiist, who is a much more valuable member of the com munity and, withal, a more comfort able and a happier one than those who join those 'dusty foreloopers' of the ? 'Legion that never was listed.' The possibilities that are in irriga tion are indicated in the recently is sued report ot the State Rivers aud Water (supply Commission . It points out that tor the past three years the commission has beeu at work on the construction of many miles of new channels and erecting new and larger pumps oil the Murray. This work has cost a large sum of money, but it has given much larger and more reliable water supply, and created in farmers and fruit-growers who believe in ir rigation a conhedence they lacked be fore. As a result new activity is re ported as being manifested, land is be f ing graded, lucerne aud other fodder crops seeded, orchards and vineyards ? planted. Over 700 seres of new or b oaards have been planted! in Bodney e this season, a larger area has. been i planted to trees and vines' in. White 1 Cliffs, and substantial additions have been made to the intensely cultivated areas in Swan Hill and Cohuna. In order to enable settlers who ar rived late last year to have a summer supply of fodder, the commission, by arrangement with the Closer Settle ment Boar-d, ploughed, graded and seeded to lucerne about 3000 acres of land iu tracts of from 5 to 20 acres on in-dividual blocks . It also prepared and seeded several hundred additional acres to annual fodder crops. This is probably the greatest increase in the area seeded to lucerne made in one year since the irrigation districts were started. It is regarded by the com missioners as ' being yet too .early to forecast the contribution of the State's wealth which these _new settlers will make. Much work is at present pre paratory. 'Ihore are, however, many who have been in the State less than a year who are making large returns eacu month. The increased .use of wa ter and the compulsory charge for the volume allotted for irrigation is also improving the financial -condition of the various districts supplied. Development, it i6 stated, would have been impossoble had there not been a marked increase in population and labor in the irrigation districts. There were not enough Victorian set tlers to use the surplus water, and in 3J years prior to July, 1910, only 1554 immigrants of all classes had come from oversea. The mission of the dele gation abroad was to fiud settlers and workers for the 'irrigation areas. In the single year from July, 1910, to June, 1911, G008 people arrived and were dealt with by the office handling, this class of immigrants ; it created new and better conditions, anQ awoke new confidence aud energy. In addi tion to those reported by the Immigra I tiou . departments considerable number K of settlers from abroad has been at K tracted to the irrigation districts by ? . the wide publicity given to its oppor ^L tunities and has gone there without ^b being included iu the above total. The ^^?L arrival of these settlers has, 'it is re ^Htgorted, stimulated local interest* and ^?ftjBcreased settlement by Victorians, ^?S*nid' as a result irrigation has made ^HKjgcsater progress in the last twelve ^?ftraaonths than- for many years previous ^?fKly ?' j 'vacant: blocks at White Cliffs, ?y- Nyah, Cohuna, and Shepparton have Wyy^heen taken, and' practically the whole ?£ '-?? ? -Mai ,the new closer settlements at Ko P1' yuga, Nanneella, and fiamawn is oc wi;':-r copied. - ~M&* - Since the present movement for ir ?'??.-' ?'? iigaied closer settlement began,69,658 HX acres of land have been acquired by ''.:' the. State, and,. 4029 acres have been ,-..;' -taken *,y757 settlers. Over 29,000 V: : ;acre8 is being subdivided and 'mad» &~y-~TwA$3or settlers, and negotiation for yVJ.thfi '.purchase of a large additional -^/.''?'acreage are pending. Ssj'ir' '^---Beference is made m the report to ;;.'.? the need of expert, irrigators. It .is #.-:*]painted out that as yet tnis feature ot 7£ L:- -.; ^itihfB- \3ciorian immigration policy' has' r-y' .'.: »ot iJefen tarried into- efiect,and one fun -?j-~ . /damental jdea of that policy, whlcn fjL^wis to. 'secure farmers who avere ex a-'?V; ap»f*» ia irrigated agriculture, js ?jn l$:if?y 'Ganger -.-}{? being lost 'sight of . ? 'It ib. %|:- -^le commissionerB state, of the utmost ?fc- V ;jijjajpori»nce that - this matter ?' should ^ 'Aive^Rrly attention. 33je':fiti*e .is ?'gig, Jstfempting in, irrigation 1dfo tracts ; to \g^ Jtof&e; ? a small area, support- a toxe ^p^qpnlalion, and ' to erea^a© Mnd^t S§£§£&sP;& ^a- Jiving, from ^ ii^ated iacreB ^^f|aB,--san 3-e had froffli 390 acres aepen ed through having in these districts a considerable percentage of farmers who are able to do the required work in the best manner, acd who will be content with nothing less. NSuch; men wilF be an example, and incentive, to beginners without experience . THiese Jddstriots need orcharoists who know how to grow citrus fruits; they neei yineyardists who have had experience in growing and shipping table grapes; ? they need farmers who understand dairying, lucerne growing and lamb fatteniag; and, above all, they need a considerable percentage of settlers who believe in irrigation, and are skill ed in its -practice. THE OUTLET FOB. THE PRODUCTS The decision of the State Cabinet last week to establish fruit-canning factories ia connection, with the irriga tion settlements is an earnest of in in telligent developmental policy on the part of the Government which is a good augury for tfle future of those settlements. Increased production is no good without market facilities. Eruit-growing is one of the most pay able of industries where intense cul ture is engaged in, and with a means to dispose oi the output ot tne or chards there is an assurance of hand some returns for labor that is not so arduous as that of most rural callings. The object of establishing these can ning factories is to provide a certain market for, fruit produced under ir rigation, as under fruit growing it will be possible to effect- a much closer set tlement of the irrigation areas. The do- jot lias decided to take initial steps tonai _ii the establishment of one factory. It will be necessary in the first place to get a man. who under stands fruit canning. It is suggested that ultimately four factories will be required. The cost per factory is es timated at uuder £8000. It has not been decided whether the factories shall be exclusively under Government control. ANOTHER IMPORTANT TASK FOR DELEGATION TO AMERICA. 1 have time and again expressed the opinion that nothing should daunt the powers that be in the excellent and somewhat difficult task of establishing the beet sugar iu this State upon a sound' basis. There are big tilings in il, but the difficulty- is how to get tne farmer to grow the requisite amount of beet. All sorts of inducements have been offered to the mea in the neigh bourhood of the Maffra 'Factory, but apparently without avail, 'lo take up beet growing would mean something of a new departure, mu they won't gee out of the rut let the inducements be what they may. The factory could deal with all the beet that could be growa upon 6000 acres, but the raw material now obtainable is limited to that raised upon about 1000 acres. Here, again, is au instauce of the need for souieone to come along aud show what can be made out-iol beet growing carried out ou proper lines. Then perhaps our farmers will consent to cast aside prejudice against this branch of agriculture — a prejudice which cau only be accounted for by the fact that the industry is 'a new one in this country. The Cabinet last week agreed to authorise Mr. Catan ach, during his visit to America, to en deavour to induce some beet growers there — meu who know how — to come to Maffra. Let us hope he succeeds. THE EIGHT WAY AS OPPOSED TO THE CASUAL WAY. A Sydney weekly published a satire upon the attention to detail in dairy work, which is held to be necessary to ensure the best results. It depicted an irate farmer examining a cow and shouting to an unseen helper: — 'Here, Bill, why the h ? iaven't you brush ed Brindle?' A voice from the shed replied despairingly:—' 'Give a man a chance. I ain't finished, shaving, the bull yet.' But by means of the care for the herd thus satirised can be built up a reputation that pays to have. As witness the case of Denmark. Aus tralia sent to England 667,966 cwt. of butter during last year. Denmark sent 1,726,09b cwt. Danish butter has a reputation worth coveting. That re putation, also, is not the result of ac cident, but of downright scientific cal culation. There are 21 agricultural aud horticultural schools in Denmark, besides the veteriuary and agricultural college in Copenhagen. It possible, Danish milk is even beter than Danish butter. It chooses the farms from which it will receive the milk. From that time forth the company's own veterinary surgeon visits each farm twice every month and examines each individual cow. If any cow is sus pected of being unhealthy, the surgeon has it removed, and on each visit he has to fill in and forward a scheduled form, stating the condition of the cows and other matters. Twice in each year the company's dairy expert — a lady — pays a surprise visit to each farm, and stays a day there to see for herself that they un derstand scientific cleanliness in milk ing, in using the Dlander filter, and cooling the milk, aud she has to for ward a detailed report on specified questions. Every cow has first been subjected to the tuberculin te6t, and during the winter, whea the cows in these countries have to be housed, the nair on the udders, loins and tails is clipped, so as to help the work of keep ing the cows clean. All these pre cautions -are taken by the milk supply company in regard to the cows before even you begin to touch on the milk itself. The precautions taken with the ac tual milk are aimed at keeping it free from harmful bacteria from the mo ment it leaves the udder to the mo ment when it is drunk. As an article in a .Danish newspaper said: — ' Ek peetoration from a consumptive work man in a carelessly-couducted work house is carried by a draught of au to au open pail or can ; a year or, eo later some .child dies of intestinal tuberculosis.' That is just a« much . cause and1 effect, - the paper '; says, -as the f afl. of a mail after the discharge of a murderer's pistol. At the same time, they do not believe in- boiling' or pasteurising milk. 'He who 'pasteu rises good milk,' they sav. 'is. a fool: and he who pasteurises bad milk is a rogue.' The Danish method now is to try by scrupulous cleanliness to «n 6ure ao harmful bacteria reaching the milk. lA11 this is ; very far removed from the methods -in vogue ia. this country. We are -casual, there's no gainsaying ^t. Probably nobody realises this more than the men who are managing the big Nestle factory at Dennington.Tiiat concern provides its suppliers with facilities for keeping the milk in. gobel condition. Among these is a neat Jit* tie building for every farm in which to store, the aulk, but it ia only 4y the most rigorous system of ingpectaoln veutedfrom allowing their pics to oc cupy rt. ..'??? ;.; ? .; ? ' .-.?.?. .... ??;?': The; sseyr minister had preached do Aueft%,;«n.-aie wisdom -g? Oofi, '^jutti 3ujb F^o)fcJriejB8' if providing ,*for ?= ? n$ 'i'r«o»- ^SSfl^^^^^ee^'i'.'-'ft^'i-iiKs^B&S;*- vsbj^^or^^oii^r'^eiaalumB '^Si^hili&: i,k2 