THE DOCK STRIK& 1XVWDON. May 30. At the request of tho Right Hon. Reginald McKenna, President of the Hoard of Trade, a deputation of em ployers met at the Home Office to con sider 6lr Edward Clarke'a award in connection with the dickers' atrlke. Th» Port of London authority declined to take' part In the confercm-i! tomor row, which threatena to lie alwrtlve. 'Many atrlke breakers are working in the docks. Thu available transport has now been considerably Increased, and lares convoys of food and dry goods left lc-day. The Strike Committee is convening « special meeting -if tbe Transport Federation for Saturday to arrange a national strike. The exe cutive of the Scottish dockers protest against a London bureaucracy, issuing a mandate to strike all over th. country and they add: 'We will not stand In.' The executive ot the Bailors' and Firemen's Unloo has circularised the branchee, denying that any atrlk* has bnen authorised outside London. irtrd Derby, addressing the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, aald that Brit ain would gain much In connection with labor troirblea if her poUtldsss would study Australian Industrial legislation. The colonial butter and cheese trade Is at a standstill owing to the atrlke. Prices an nominally unchanged. There la a good trade In Danish and Siberian goods, which clerkB, salesmen and members or Importing firms are un loadlnc at Hays wharf. The Anchlses discharged all her apples (including London consignments.) at Liverpool, arithout Interference. The prlaclpal Importers are asking the Argyllshire's -amers to send the ship to Ltverpiol. u they are anxious lo relieve the Lon-' Ion market which will be Greatly con gested however, u soon as the strike terminates. Mr Potter, In a letter to Sr Fowell Buxton and In reply to the London ahlp-ownera, says the Dock baborera* Committee declined Sir F. Buxton's Invitation 'to a con rerence, on the ground that last aut umn's agreement and award waa now let aside as futile by ttie ship-owners, uid his commutes had no confidence rod no assurance that any negotiations it present would have any greater real ity or be more permanent. . Mr Ben TUIelt, when Interviewed, re marked that ship-owners, as a body, Ud never honestly recognised their con tracts. Mr Potter's organisation had never attempted to enforce agreementa )r liold ttie ship-owners, contractors or n'harflngcrs to the honorable observance -r their agreements. Three thousand two hundred and eighty-seven quarters of beef were con veyed from the docks to Smlthfleld yes terday. Five vessels laden with 400,000 carcases ot Australian and New Zea land aheep and lambs are walilnir In tbe liver. The Mercantile Shipping Exchange has demanded immedlats legislation to deal with the situation, inasmuch as the present methods ot protection are entirely inadequate. Mr Anderson, secretary of the Trans port Union, threatens a national strike unless the Importation at blacklegs ceases. Mr -Orkcll. secretary of the union executive, aays that steps will be taken to prevent the unloading nf ?hips and also ships being diverted to Ihe Continent. The centrsl council of the Inter national Transporters' Federation la meeting at Berlin with a view to tak Inf? International action. The Wharfingers' Association in formed Sir F, Buxton that neither members of the Association nor the Port Authority were parties to the rc foxenca to Sir A. Rolllt or Baron Alver Thn majority of atrlkera tn Covent OarJen have resumed work uncondi tionally. Thu Ma'.opa Is restricted to cmtark InK malls, no merchandise 4-clns ac cepted. The ' Daily News ' ssya the Govern ment will lnslpt on the men resuming, and Intends to establish s Joint board of arbitration tn control all parties of the working part. If the masters rc £ubo tn reoosnlsa the board, legislation will be Introduced to compel them to do so. The Athenlc. which Is dua to take 1200 Immigrant! to New iSouth Wales. » unable to leave London. The steam ship service from Tilbury to Ostcnd IE suspended. A hundred men responded to the Port of London Authority's rai: to un'.oajr nt Mlllnall docks. Fifty were enmiged at the. old weekly rates at the West India Docks. Forty unemployed at a meetlnc In Hyde Park volunteered to unload food' cargoes, for, besides board and l.idclng, S$e weekly. . The crew of nine barges in tbo Naval Harbor, Dover, who were working ballast for the Admlraltv. have struck In syenpahty with the ILon don strikers. A hundred strike break ers who left Dover for Queensboroueh, axe transhipping to (London to load a ataatnshlp at thn Albert Dock. All mechanics and engineers aboard have quitted Ihe ship. In consequence the Bhipownera' commUtee has Issued a notice declaring the agreements of July and August, providing Inter alia that Unionists work with non-Unionists, save been terminated by the strike, anil hrnceforL'i they will employ only such ?as are prepared to work with Union ists and non-unionists. This has been agreed to by the Masters, -Lightermen and the Barge owners. The latter. Blr F. Button declares, yielded lo presauro before, and are not encouraged to repeat the experience. They refuse lo re dlscusc last autumn's -agreement, and are determined to see the matter fought nut In the Interests ot 'th*m s*lves, t!ie (Port end the public Tho Shore Traders' Association, and also the Master Carmen, decline to Join a Conference. The Government seek to persuade tbe employers to agree to the conditions or the UU'asreemenu It the nen observe these .Xairl* vV fms/\oruf meeting In cluding Mr. McKtnoa ana the Port Authority has been held, snd a further meeting will be heM on Monday. The Strike Commlttse bave -passed a resolution deciding to seek the support or ether Unions, including skilled work ers and trades connected with sbJpplns, to vindicate the principles of Trade Unionism. The .committee has protest ed acalnat the action of the inountoa police when escorting convoys riding throus-h the crowds.' and decline re sponsibility for a peaceful conduct or tKe strike should such methods con tinue. They summon the police ss members of the wroklng. class not to a.t as the brutal Instruments of tho capitalist class any longer. Mr. Hop-' kin*, trustee of tlie Seamen's end Fire men's Union, declares the .latter's votes at the transport workers' executive mating nn Saturday will suffice to pre vent a national strike. LONDON. June 1. The (strike leaders attended the (Home Office conference, but Uio masters ab stained. The Government proposed a Joint Conciliation Board. The men are sympathetic with the proposal, and will Rive their decision on Tuesday. The masters will consider the sugges tion and reply on Monday. There is increased activity at tha docks. A batch of volunteers, who were unloading foodstuffs at «d per hour, struck for and obtained Is per bour. Two thousand men were unloading 23 ships. All the carmen at Woolwich bev* r» Thrce thousand of the Great Eastern Coy.'a rallwaymen at Stratford carried a resolution supporting the transport workers and pledging themselves to mm work It It were necessary ta brine the dispute to a satisfactory con clusion. The London shipowners announce, qualified men arc required at current port rates with & guaranteed minimum or 40s per week, with one week's paid holiday annually; engagement termin able at a month's notice on either aide. The applicants must undertake not to ask other men to produce their union ticket*. The steamehlp service from Xjondou to at. Pcli-rtburg has been suspended, and snlHned from 3outhampranto South Africa have been curtailed. The South ampton men have declined to touch si quantity of meat from {London for cold urorac.-. nilcglns It had been handled by blacklcpa. The 'Dally Telegraph' says many transport workers are demanding a fcall-.t. believing; the majority favor a refimlillon of work. ' y The tjlilpjwnera' losses are estimated at £30ti.00O a week. Tim rtook !asx-rers are disappointed at not receiving strike pay. Tha omdale declare the delay la dua to (pressure of business, and the money will pos sibly be paid next week; 400 of tha Port Authorities men have resumed. The Cabinet has suggested that ii & nally strong representative (body on both sides is created the Government might grant certain compulsory powers over individuals who do pot conform to the grnoral agreement. Employers do not favor compulsory powers, and arc cxpectca to affirm their willingness to accjpt a consultative board. They] ccnsldsr the trades Involved are of a very various character, and the mem bers or one Know little about the others. The real difficulties are the Imp?rfe2t solidarity among the masters' representatives, and on the other band there are no varied Interests on the men's r!d* All they wanted was money, hen=c ihclr solidarity was com |:let». Mr O'Graily. M.P., speaking at Tower Hill, complained of the Government's impotence in not enforcing the flvs points on which Sir E. Clarice reported In the mon's favor. ?-fr Lesg-ilt, at West Ram, antlel pated the UxebuUve Council of the transport workers would now call out , all transport men. IIo complained; labor enhances were supplying 'black- legy,' nn-l that was how the Govern menl helped the workers, and would b« remem'ierej when the Government wanted llij workers' htlp at tho next fle.ll.m. The maniser nt the Shlpptop Federa tion has pointed out to Mr (McKenns, tkr.t he promised to iprotect the Lady Joselvn'B men provided they handled enly fo.i.lstufTs. anil tlint wtiea the un ionist leaders undertook the work to a.vold th-? employment of nonunlon I'ts, Mr McKenna withdraw the ori ginal permission, and the ship was not format?.! to enter the dock. Tho New Zealand Shipping Co., ana Shaw Savill nnd Co., and other owners are offering 40s minimum ?woge per week. lister. The Executive of the Transport (Pe rforation, instead of calling a national btrlke. have decided to advise the ac ceptance of the Government's proposed inlnt board ic the employers will also 