Correspondence (The Editor does not netffisatily en dorse the opinions expressed hy hfs correspondents./ PROPOSED LEASE OF BUN BURY] BUTTER FACTORY. To the Editor. Sir,—la your' yesterday's paper "Satisfied* Supplier" again makes re marks re my leasing the Buntrury Butter Factory, and says that I have not answered his questions— evidently not to his satisfaction at any rate—and asks me to reply. I shall always,,be pleased to . give any information. required to "Satisfied Supplier," and would appreciate an interview with this gentleman, but as he seems afraid of disclosing his name in public, this opportunity is not given me. I therefore make my answers as short as possible as you have requested. As to not "being able to read plain print," I may inform the gen tleman that my University, educa tion, and the position 1 have held in different Government services is proo$ sufficient of me being able to read English. I am able to speak sev eral languages; so he need not have any worry in this respect. He says that the Colac-Gamperdown (other wise "Leura") and Warnambool fac tories are nothing else than co operative factories, and several oth ers in the Western District of Vic toria. I did not "say that they were riot. What I said was that several so-called co-operative factories in the East were principally owned by a few large butter merchants. "Sat isfied Supplier" does not seem to know that the Eastern District in cludes much more than Victoria. I suppose the gentleman has never been to New South Wales, or Queens land, or perhaps further than from Capel to Perth in his world's trav els. I can only inform him that the largest co-operative factory n the East (not Victoria), and-which turns out from nearly 15 to 20 tons of butter per week is in a sitting condition, because of not being able to receive financial assistance. "Sat isfied Supplier" seems to. think that any factory being called va "Co-op erative" must he a paying concern. Some arc, but only some of them— not all. I doubt very much if the suppliers to the present factory herc| in Bunbury would do the same as he does, or intends doing, viz., (as he distinctly expresses himself) draw his dividend from Bunburv, but send ing his few gallons of cream to Bus selton Factory. How lie could get this factory to pay if lie would not support his praised-up Co-opera tive System I do not understand. ThcJ Busseiton Factory is a private con cern—jiot co-operative—and lie still says he will support that place. Why not support local industry, where he draws his dividend ? The Bunbury Butter Company Ltd., who owns the factory, is hot a co-operative — con cern, and not even registered as a Co- operative Factory. As long as he gets the same payment for Iris cream as at Busseiton, why not send It to Bunbury ; except that lie per haps has a personal grudge as ag ainst me being born in Denmark. Again, he asks me to explain the Danish Dairying System. I must draw his attention to the "West Australian" in which some time ago a correspondence under the heading "Dairy Lessons from Denmark" ap peared. As this explanation reached ■' the amount of some 20 columns, it would take up too much space in youi paper to repeat same. If he will purchase those particular issues 1 think he will still be able to learn a tot. With regard to dairy busi ness. I may here mention that it was proposed in the Western Aus tralian Parliament that the Govern ment should get this correspondence re- printed and distributed "in book form amongst the dairy farmers, as it was considered a first-class object lesson. The Government does as much as can be expected of any Gov ernment to assist fanners, both fin ancially and educationally, and I have been informed 4t the present time one of the Agents- General at home is visiting Denmark for the 5ake of getting Danish dairy farmers to come and settle in Australia. This seems to me a proof that dairy-, lng education Is still required out here. That 1 may not know "that regu lar visits of the Central Board of Health officer take place," I am pleased to say that I am personally acquainted with this gentleman and had -a- long interview with him dur ing his last visit here in Bunbury ; where I explained to him many im provements that could be made here. "Satisfied Supplier" may not be surprised that improvements to the dairy farmer's milking sheds, se parating rooms, etc., will sooner or later have to be carried out, so as to still further improve the dairying industry, perhaps even at his own place ! i "How I will receive cream of milk by erecting depots."—This I have explained several times, and if "Satisfied Supplier" does not " in tend sending bis cream to Bunbury, , it of course does not matter to him at jail, as this is entirely a private affair between myself and the i dividual suppliers. I can only say that if he sends his cream to Bun bury he will be treated with the ut most consideration from my side. He says : On looking at the world'4 map one is convinced that Denmark's' position is such that heat, as here in Bunbury, is unknown. I would like him to take a trip to - that country, and if he could afford to. stay there for twelve months, he would he convinced that the summer climate is the same as here in this I district. That is the reason I -agreed with a member of the -late j Government to try this district in preference to other parts . further? north. With regard to Ms remark as to how I would manage to get all- the milk at an early hour. for se» ; parating, that is my business and not his, and I think has nothing to do1 with him. at all. His advice re my getting extra separators, or not, has nothing to -do with him, as I do not intend he should pay ior them. Surely I can spend my own money in machinery without asking his advice or per mission ? -His opinion—that he is certain, and several of his neighbours agree with him—that neither I, or the banish System is wanted here, and the hest I can do is to go south and start a factory in or near Denmark '—I can only say that lie here shows his total ignorance. He evidently thinks I am> a "new chum," or one of those assisted immigrants. Let me in form your correspondent that it is nearly 30 wars since I landed hero first, and, consequently, I have as much right to settle where I like, without asking his, or anyone else's permission, as he has. No ; what he evidently does not want is to see people coming into this district and being able to point out the mistakes whioh he and many others have been making, and still seem to intend going on making. He has evidently not heard the old saying, "No man is too old to learn." I can assure "Satisfied Supplier" that had he seen as much of the world outside Bunbury dis trict as I have, he would know that if he wishes to progress in life he must educate himself up to it, and follow along with the stream of the ever- increasing world's industry, and its business ways. Denmark is only, as every one is aware, a small country, Jjuf by their business intelligence and strict rules in the dairying line, the Danish but ter has always been proved to hold its own, and the daily quotation in the butter market proves, if he will see the papers, that Danish butter always gets the top price. The Irish butter generally comes next in the Home market, and why ? Simply because they have taken the Danish factories as a model, and in stalled the Danish system. The largest number of Trish factories havf been erected by Danish dairy experts and supplied with the latest Danish dairy machinery—as I can prove.- T can only say that the dairying in dustry in Western Australia is only in its infancy yet, and lias still a lot to learn, but I am quite certain that the Bunbury District has a large number of farmers who are most intelligent men, and quite able to see that improvement is necessary, —and that same; will come in spite of ^'Satisfied Supplier," is quite cer tain. As I have'neither time or inclination to answer '"Satisfied Supplier" in future, I take this op portunity to thank all the large nuiqjper of shareholders who so kindljj have offered me their support, and also you, Mr. Editor, for the space allowed me in your paper. .Yours, etc., AV J. de WINSTRUP. Bunburv, June 7th, 1912. 