LOCAL AND GENERAL. There are 1200 applicants on the registor of the Small Arms Factory awaiting employment. * * m The Salvation Army will hold special meetings in the hall to morrow. ? Labor has decided not to oppose Sir William Lyne for the Hume B.-at. * * ? The Queensland Government has opened further portions of land aggregating 89,481 acres for selec tion. » * * A church announcement, not a hundred miles from Moruya, reads as follows : 'Next Sunday, bell; its state and duration. You are welcome.' — Moruya 'Times.' * « M. and J. O'Reilly's regular spring sale will be held at Cobargo on 23rd September. Particulars in future issues. This should be a great day for both sellers and buyers. * s The Budget acknowledges re ceipt of a complimentary ticket for the sale of work and entertain ment to be held in the School of Arts next Wednesday. The pro ceeds will be devoted to the Girls' Church Aid Society in connection with the Methodist Church. * * * Henry Harris, an American lawyer and prolific writer died re cently at the age of 82. His will provided that 'without any cere mony whatever a hearseshall come | and fetch my body and take it to the crematorium, where it shall be completely incinerated, without the ashes being collected. I re quest, moreover, that neither rela tives nor servants shall wear mourning for me.' « ?* ? Mr. Peter Bowling is acting secretary for the South Coast miners and will, very probably, be elected permanently to the posi tion. So far, there is only one other nomination— Mr. Andrew Waiigh. Bowling has been an enthusiastic — although misguided — barracker for the miners and the gift of the secretaryship named woduld constitute a substantial re cognition of his zeal. A couple of weeks ago, Mr. Thomas, Postmaster-General was very emphatic in his demand that Mrs. Poon Gooey, the wife of a Geelong merchant, should leave the Commonwealth. But, to the surprise, no doubt, of the Minister, some of the unions condemned the action ae inhuman, and expressed | the hope that Mrs. Gooey would resist the Minister. Mr. Thomas promptly back-pedalled and an nounced that 'he was considering a proposal that he should further extend the duration of her stay in the Commonwealth.' * 'Last Wednesday night (says the Mogo 'correspondent of the Moruya 'Times') a rousing union meeting was held, when tho pro ' hlem of the situation of con of living, was finally disposed of. Matter-' in connection with the industry are 'reaching a pleasing conclusion, and soon it is hoped honest and 4Tard toil will be re warded by correct payment of .£ « d. ' [There's a lot of things the Budget doesn't know, and what was, or wasn't in the mind of tho writer when the above was writtp.n ia nnp nf f.V\orv» 1 ~ V«W.4.j I * * o At the instigation of that good and constant friend of the dairy man the Coastal Farmers' Society, a case was brought before the Hfgh Court in order to test the validity of flia- regulations under the Commerce (Trade Descrip tions) Ant regrading and grade marking, and on Monday the Court gave a unanimous judgment that 'the Commonwealth Govern ment has no power to grade butter for export or place quality stamp on packages, and that the regulations under the Commerce (Trade Descriptions) Act, 1905, purporting to eive this power are u'tra vires, and tho Court has consequently granlod an injunc tion restraining the Federal Gov ernment from grading butter and damping packages.' Archdeacon Moll has returned from Sydney where he attended the Synod. -x ?* Mr. Hooper, operator at the Bega Picture Palace, and Miss Elsie Annetts were married in Sydney recently. * * * The Budget is pleased to hear that Mr. Tlios. Manning is recover ing from his recent attack of aevere illness. * * * Some of the shrubs recently planted along the Bega River from KirklandV to Kirby's Cross ing have been destroyed evidently by stock Of some kind. * * * The »ports night)at the Agricul tural Hull this evening should at tract a large attendance of skaters and onlookers. Two handicaps and a potato race will be decided. * » A couple of weeks ago a little boy was ' found in a railway carriage at Dubbo — apparently wilfully deserted. On Tuesday Mrs. Stella Mildred Curran was presented at the Children's Court to answer a charge of abandoning the child, and was committed for trillion a charge of leaving the i child without food or support. | * s » The whole civilised world will be stricken with sorrow at the death of General Booth of the Salvation Army. He was one of world's greatest benefactors. It would be a fitting tribute to the memory of a great man if the Im perial authorities were to offer a State funeral, and interment in Westminster Abbey with the Em pire's illustrious dead. -* * * Mr. J. E. Prossor, the English bacon expert, was again in Kyogle | last week for the purpose of com pleting his treatment of the bacon at the local factory. He stated* that the bacon in its present state was equal to thojbest Danish. The sides treated by him will be shipped direct to London, and it remains to be seen how the article will stand the freezing'process. * * =* Last November m Sydney Clifford Ellis was fined .£10 with the alternative or four months for stealing a bi cycle. Recently a person was charged with housebreaking of fences, and in his confession hd mitted stealing the bicycle in ques tion. After an investigation, the Attorney-General decided to re fund the fine to Ellis, and to ex punge the record of his conviction, but refused to compensate the vic tim of a gross miscarriage of jus tice in any way. $ * * The annual dance of the local A.L'H. was held in the School of Arts on Thursday evening, and was quite up' to similar functions of former years. All the soldiers turned out in uniform, and the attendance reached s.ixty couples. Splendid music was supplied by Mrs. /Singel (piano), Mr. Black well (cornet), and Mr. Blanchard (violin), while extras were played, by a number of lady volunteers. The catering was in the hands of the ladies, and was all that could be desired. Lieut, Howard and Sgt. McNamara were M.'s C., and kept the dancing going briskly until one o'clock. * « * The Coonamble P.p. Board have a rabbit inspector they evidently don't like; anyhow, there have been many and 'serious disagree ments. The board want to get rid of the inspector, and the Minister says they have no 1'ower to dismiss that officer. The matter was taken to the Equity Court and Mr. Justice Rich supported the Minis ter. The board, on the caeting vote of the chairman resolved to appeal against the decision of the Eqaity Court, and meanwhile the board and inspector sit and glare at each other. Apart^-from the legal aspect, it is certainly not in the best interests of the man on the land that the squabble should continue, and the Minister might give the ' Coonamble inepeotor some other district where more amicable|relationships might ob tain. * i* » Mr. F. D. Brown, lately man ager of the Singer Sewing Machine Co., in the course of his examina- 1 tion in bankruptcy said: 'Since the beginning of 1906 his salary had been ,£-1000 a year, and in addition ho whs allowed travelling expenses, averaging from £$0 to ,£60 a month. His principal creditor was the company, whicb had obtained a judgment by de fault against him for ,£4497 on a claim for ,£14,081. This amount of ,£4497 was made up of money he had obtained from tho company in excess of his salary. He had increased the sales from 12,006~~ to 30,000 machines a year, represent ing an inor.ease in income to the company from ,£1?0,Q00 to .£400,000 a year, and in tbp 18 years of his management in Aus tralia be had taken .£5,000,000, of whiob amount he had remitted £2,000,000 to America. . IJulf of this would bo clear .profit to the company. Mr. Mat. Poett who is studying for tho profession of chomist, is in Bpga on a short visit to his par ents. Mat. looks well and is making good progress in his studies. ® * a * M. and J. O'Reilly will conduct the clearance sale of Mr. W. E. Salway's dairy , herd at Wilgoa, on the 5th Sept/inber. This is ad mitted to be one of the boat culled dairy herds in the Colmrgo dis trict. Particulars in advertiie ment. If K * The stoamer Moravian sailed from London for Australia this week with 700 emigrants aboard. Many immigrants are lost to Australia owing to tho absence of boat ac commodation. In some quarters it is proposed to ask the Imperial Government to allow transports to be used to convoy people to New South Wales. Queensland is quite satisfied with the stream of immi gration to that State. 