? I LATEST TELEGRAMS. Sydney, Sundav. The Surry Hills branch of the Bank of New South Wales, which was only opened for business on Friday.was entered some time on Saturday or Sunday, and £230n in money taken from the safe, the lock of which was tamnfirp.d wifch. Monday. An examination of the strong room at the Surry Hills branch of the Bank of New South Wales, disclosed that the locks must have been removed some weeks ago and subsequently replaced. af«er duplicate keys had been made to fit them The whole thing is apparently the work of experts. ? There is no clue to the thieves. Leo Clarke, aged 22, was charged at Melbourne police court with imposition It appeared lie had collected money to hand over to Miss Horberg, who recently lost her eyesight, as the result o£ being accidentally shot, and had then spent the proceeds, which amounted to between £12 and £13. The magistrate remarked that the accused was a mean despicable schemer, and sentenced him to three months' imprisonment, to be suspended on his entering into bonds to be of good behaviour. Tuesday. During the present year over 14,000 assisted immigrants hai-e arrived in Vic toria. _ It transpires that during the period in question nearly £200,000 capi tal has been brought to that State by assisted and unassisted immigrants. The mineral production for the present year is expected to establish a record. The totalisator building on Ascot race course, Brisbane, was destroyed by fire, the damage being estimated at several thousand pounds Mr MuGowen, addressing a gathering at the Town Hall, last night, declared that Sydney was the healthiest big city in the civilised world. It is the intention of the Government to take immediate steps towards the con struction of new stock saleyards at Homebush. The Commonwealth rifle match at the Tasmanian carnival was won by West Australia with 1538 points, Queensland second with 1534, and N.S.W.. third with 1530. An aborigine named Roderick is alleged to have been shot dead by an aboriginal at Hughenden, Queensland. The deceased was asleep at the time. The alleged murderer has been arrested. CABLE NEWS. LONDON Sunday. The Danish steamer Volmer foun dered off the Lizard in a gale. The captain and a sailor were picked up in a boat. Great storms, which raged in the English Channel at Christmas time, resulted in the disabling of the P. and O. steamer Narrung, which was com pelled to put back to Gravesend. She had on board 258 passengers for Cape Horn and Australia and a cargo valued at £100,000. The waves the vessel en countered are said to have been seventy feet high. Splendid order was kept on board when the vessel was over whelmed by the waves. The former head of the St. Peters burg police force, who has been con victed of neglect in connection with M. Stolypin's death, has been sen tenced to 16 months' imprisonment. A workmen's lodging house at Mos cow was destroyed by fire and fourteen inmates were burned to death. Wells and Mehegan are matched to fight in February. Further particulars of the steamer Narrung state that many women were prisoners in their flooded cabins and could not be released. Some occupants of cabins were up to their waists in water. A number of passengers were injured. The two survivors of the wrecked steamer Volmer state that the vessel foundered on Christmas Day. The crew were panic stricken and one sailor, in a frenzy of fear, jumped into the water and wa3 drowned. The first boat launched was dashed against the steamer's side and smashed like an eggshell ; all the occupants perished. I The second boat launched capsized, but was righted. The chief officer went mad and savagely attacked the captain, whom he attempted to throttle, but failed. Fourteen lives were lost. Monday. Nineteen Irish Unionists intend to move ohe exclusion of Ulster from the operations of the Home Rule Bill at the report stage. They declare that a vast body of Ulster men are prepared, regardless of consequences, to refuse submission to Home Rule. Thirty men and women, including both Germans and Russians, have been arrested at Berlin on charges of spy ing. The documents seized showed that they intended to destroy the Bres lau railway bridge in the event of Ger man mobilisation. 