—————— I SUNBEAMS. I f t ip « Advice to competent Liberals about to apply for a Government billet un der the Spoils-to-the-Victors' regiine — Don't I 9 © I The State coal mine (n Victoria has proved a financial failure, and the men are now on strike.'. A cynical answer, this, to the oft-repeated con tention that the (nationalisation of coal mines would prevent strikes. «. .. . Through lack of steamers and - lack of co-operation among State Govern ments, Australia ns losing 50,000 im migrants this year. " It is easier to create an emigration'1 boom than to' create a fleet of sliips able to carry tile emigrants to the Commonwealth, ' comments the " British Australasian " bitterly. - " Irritabile genus poetarum," says the Latin proverb. But it would seem that painter-chaps are almost as ex- asperating for any woman to attempt, to live with. '' There ought to be an Act of Parliament forbidding ar-i tists to marry," declared the fair . pe titioner in a Perth divorce case last, week. We wonder , if music, hall- artists are included. - . Dealing with the prospects of candi dates for next year's Federal elections the " Geraldton Express " sa " it is generally thought, that Mr. H" Mahon (Coolgardie) ' and. Mr; C. E. Frazer (Kalgoorlie) will, merely have ,tq walk over the course/' It, certainly looks a probability , in Frazer' s case, but, by present indications) there will be1 no course left \ for "Hugh of Kilmain- ham to walk over. '' - - -w . v Do we sleep ? Do we dream? Are there visions about ? Two of the grounds on which.. Labor Minister. Drew, who seeks re-election to the Upper House, is- appealing .for votes are (1) that he has nothing whatever to do with the Rural Workers' Ubion; and (2) that '-he refused, to grapt a rise of wages to the , Government garden ers. Reminds us that it wasn't a /Labor but a Consjrvative politician ., who said, that ''the greatest social Peform would bq a rise in wages." Fearsome tales float down from Perth of ' acrimonious squabbles be-, tweeu State Ministers' wives, over the possession of the gorgeous'' motor car that is reserved for the ostensible use : of their liege lords, and fierce disputes over other questions of. precedence. So, bitter is the irritation rankling in some of the feminine breasts . that the Cabinet's"? . better hplf is al ready split into two bar«:lawed see- tions and only one Minister's wife is on bowing terms ..with all the. other dames. The next' split in the Cabinet will almost, certainly have a woman in it— or two. ' V . & : ' , '! From a spirited account -in the "West Australian" of a day with the Federal trawler -All in readiness, the word to let go was' given) and the huge ndt and otter boards — their name , be ing derived from .the purpose for which boards at the ehds of" a. trawling net were, first used, name ly, to catch - otters at home— sank i- to the .bottom. ) We never heard before that' they trawled' for otters,"! either, at home" or away from tome. This paper had an ides that the sea otter was generally speared, and .t£e river v otter .hunted with hounds, or trapped. . But , while we live we learn. ' 1 ..-v \ V 'Vo. " Some, of the - Arabs have, two- handed swords," says, ex-Lieutenant Montagu, late, with the Turks in Tripoli, "left behind'by' the Crusaders." But one never can be certain ,'of any thing in this world (remarks the Lon don " Chronicle"). After one of the campaigns in . Egypt an officer brought back as . trophy such a formidable weapon which he- hastened to . submit to the head of the Wilkinson . Sword Company, in Pall Mallei saying that, in his opinion, the thing belonged to the first half of the eleventh century.. "No," said the manufacturer with a smile, after a,, slight scrutiny of the blade, "it belongs to the second half of the nineteenth century. There's .our trade mark in the corner of the hflt." . From Doyle's " Loss of the Birken head," wluch went do wii 'sixty years; ago, off Simon's Bay, SoutK Africa What followed— why' recall- ? The brave ivho died, ; Died without-, flinching in the bloody ' surf. " ' ' ' 1 ' _ They sleep -as well beneath the" purple tide - As others under turf. They' sleep as well. And,' roused from their wild grave, Wearing their wounds, like stars, shall rise again, . ' J oint-heirs with Christ, because they bled to save His weak ones— not in vain. The earlier cable?' abqUt-the " Ti-": tanic " tragedy must have 'set maby; a memory harking ba6k to -those lines. e " The: real trouble with Asquith's Home Rule Bill will come when it reaches the House of Lords. Accord ing to the Parliament Act, the Lords have the right .to reject a House of Commons Bill for three successive ses sions. After the third rejection the Government may apply for. the Royal Assent' in spite' of the Upper House. Butx this means in the . present case, where the stubborn and invincible an tagonism of the peers may be taken :for granted, tbnt the Royal Assent cannot be demanded till April, 1914. The question is., whether the Govern ment can last out the two years and preserve its majority intact. The 1910 Parliament has still three and a hnlf years to run (it may be mentioned here that the Parliament Act revoked the historic Septennial Act, which be came law in 1715, - and reduced the maximum duration of a Parliament .from seven years to five years), but the political barometer is, so -unsettled that it is far from certain that the Government will .be able to; keep going for two years, j ; - " " «. Barrier "labor Truth" calls upon the Broken Hill unionists to '"take a' decided stand " against (i.e., resist) the compulsory training scheme. "Mili- . tant unionist Alf.. Giles is, again to be' prosecuted for not allowing' his son to be trained as a murdeter," ) wails the organ of the Barrier unions. " It is a monstrous thing, .that .because a marr objects to his son learning 'to dip>his7 hands in - the blood of innocent work ers _ of other nations, or being used as strike-breaker in his. own." country, he ahould be prosecuted." May be so; but if a French, German, Russian Austrian, Italian, . Spanish, Portu guese, Scandinavian, Turkish, Greek, Dutch, Danish, Japanese, or South American parent forcibly, -raised the same objection he" would r be sent -to gaol for a long term.' Britain and the United States are the ouly civilised countries that haven't got some form of- compulsory service,- and the , time ' isv- coming " whortj; tkWMdther Country iati-ieast -will' h'avectcf fell'ln lina. ( " ' "rrnr«Timki They were prepared to trust the People. The Labor Party were never afraid to trust the people." Thus the virtuous Thomas H. Bath, speaking in support of the Labor' candidate for the Metropolitan Province. Tommy should have added — "except when they want a rise -in salary." V About this time last year the dis- . Dwellingup is situated voted against any increase of ; license.. Since then the " Temperance - Labor Government " has established a State pub., and placed an ex-bookmaker in charge of the joint. How do the cold tea crowd like it ? " ... _The " Westralian Worker," wo under stand, is rollmg up its "swag and- greas ing its straps preparatory to shifting camp to Perth. It is to be hoped that the change will be beneficial to its general health as well as its grammar, .ut if. our , , esteemed contemporary means to persist in writing Us where it means- We, Perth .is no place for it any more than Kalgoorlie. In fact, the only place in . Australia where it pull feel happy and comfortable, and thoroughly at home in its surround ings, is Youanme. Put of a11 in. the Miner -McKenzie appeal case came neither- from the prosecution nor the judges, but from the newspaper's own counsel. Quoth Keenan :— I don't suppose the 'article in question was read by half a dozen: people. People are on the last stage of decay when they take to reading leading articles; (Laugh- ' ' ter.j The " Miner:" determinedly suppressed this piece of brutal candour, whether in its own interests or those of . jour-, nalism generally is a nice question? : .. » TCr. Ardagh, Labor candidate for' the North-East -Ptoyiiice) " expounds - " his views on the House which he aspires to enter. : ; ' . , By -constant agitation during 'the past 10 years the democratic "sec- of the people has been aljle to", induce the. legislature ' to reduce -. the franchise from. £25 to £17. Eventually by suet; reforms we shall be- able to- accomplish - the desired - wish of , the vast majority vof. the peopler-that is the abolition of the Legislative Council. Not - a bit of it: The lower the fran chise is made, the more representative of the people the Council becomes, and the more representative it becomes, the harder it will be to abolish. To talk of " mending or ending " is common SBnse; to talk of " mending with a view to ending " is clotted foolishness. j ' Federal Ministers seem a good deal concerned about hurting the feelings of the Socialists who' have been fined by magistrates for refusing to allow their son? to ' attend statutory parades un der the- Defence Act. The line between Laborism and' Socialism -is evidently a barely decipherable 'one at Broken' Hill, \vhare the anti- militarism move ment has its unofficial' headquarters." Still, it is difficult to see why George: Pearce and his colleagues should be so, anxious to -let down lightly offenders like ; Holland, treasurer of the Socialist Federation which' "-finished its annual, conference at' Adelaide last week . ,-.by registering ' its opinion that the "' 'Aus tralian Labor 'Party stands, for the. in terests- of . the small capitalistic class/' The only explanation- is that the Socialists and their sympathisers will vote the Labor ticket, despite their growls, unless the Defence Act' smites then in a vulnerable place, in which case they are quite as' likely to go after'- Andy ' Fisher's scalp as Alfred Deakin's. , '/ \ . ' ? ' The " Kalgoorlie Miner " still solilo quises aloud, in pained, shocked tones, on the colossal effrontery \pf Ulster — or half of Ulster — in presuming to have an opinion of its own in the xnatter: of Home Rule. ' ' Ulster is taking-very much upon itself in protesting amongst the majority for. haying their own way, i for practically the whole of the ob jectors to Home Rule are residents . of Ulster. , . - Yet the Ulster malcontents, accepting the " Miner's " own estimate of their strength) amount to about one-sixth of . the population of Ireland. The whole population of this State isn't one-sixteenth of that of the Com monwealth, and yet when West Aus tralia, twelve months ago, declared it self out of step; with aU the other five States' in the matter of the Financial Agreement, we 'don't remember : the " Miner " reproving it fbr its impud ence. Rather, as far as our memory serves, it yelled' at the top of its voice that all the rest of the Union -was wrong, and this little' bit was right. ' When the establishment of an Impe rial Trade Commission was , decided upon at ! the Imperial Conference. Andy Fisher sagely observed that its suc- )ceS3 or failure would depend on the in tellectual calibre of the commission ers. " The personnel should," he said "be of such a character to include men of the highest standing. Otherwise, the members would be received, though with courtesy, yet. witji indif ference." In the light of which smug deliverance it is interesting to note that, whereas the Canadian, South African and ,New Zealand Commis sioners are all Cabinet Ministers, the Australian representative on the Com mission is a tenth-rate Labor politi cian, who lost his seat at the S.A> elections. The Spoils-to-the- Victora Government is evidently determined; that the Australian delegate shall be received with the "courteous indiffer ence" due to an obscure party hack. «. . A " Labby " anecdote, by G. W: Russell, in the " Cornhill Magazine" : — Labouchere always used to declare that he had originated the honorific title of "Grand Old Man," and his setting of the scene was as follows : — Mr. Bradlaugh had been expelled from the House, and straightway went down to Northampton for re-election, his colleague, " the Christian member " for the borough, accompanying him. What ensued at the first meeting was told by Labouchere as. follows " I said' to our enthusiastic supporters .: " Men of Northampton; I come to you ' with? a Message from the Grand Old Man..-- (Cheers.) I went to ?ee bit" be fore I left Lqjdqn.;/L told hini of my errand here; 'and he laid his, hand:A?n -my.rahoulder, v.;saying, in j his ,mot solemn tone. 'Bring Jhim j back \Wtii you, Heiuy f Wmg/him . back.'- Tkht carried the election." I daresay it did (comments Russell), and the pic ture of Mr. Gladstone fondling Labou chere and calling him " Henry " can never be obliterated from the mental gaze - 6f anyone who. knew the two men. Ratepayers of Kalgoorlie are remin ded by advertisement tjiat the first moiety of rates is overdue and must be paid before the end of the month. The rate collector has been given full p'owhr toHaS# -whatever atephV are ne- reentry vo obtain paytaent.i v/; '.tf-9as.-v.biU' 1 .ffi-JE-s-IBS. 1 