ECHOES NEAR AND FAR, Tho compass used in surveying tho boundary line between New South Wales and Victoria, from the hoad of. tho Murray to tho coast, has come into the possession of the Victorian Government, and will be placed in the National Museum. ' The output per weok at the present time from the State brickworks, Mr. Fitzpatrick was informed in the Leg islative Assembly, is 130,000. 'When- the second permanent kiln is in com plete working order, this amount, will be doubled,' the Minister for Works added. * * * * Up to tho present, 137 plans and .designs havo been received in the competition for tho Federal capital ? designs. Twenty-three more are ex pected. Tho commission appointed to adjudicate upon them will meet in 1 a few days. It will take three weeks to make its examination. ^ * * * '* ; ? During last year ihte arrivals in . New Zealand numbered 41,389, arid . - depastures 37,189, leaving a net gaio of 4200. The largest number cif'ar . .i rivals was from New South Wales, . '20,567. , The United Kingdom came ? noxt_ with 11,379. Departures- for ;Sv',Now .South -Wales numbered- 25.063, ? .VietoriaII4800, and United Kingdom '2755. . L * * . * * Old Lady : 'There is one thing I \- notice particularly .about that young ..; ;man who calls to see you. He seems to have an inborn, instinctive re spect for woman. He treats, every woman as though she were a being from a higher sphere, to be ap proached only with the utmost de licacy and deference.' Granddaugh ter(sweet eighteen) : 'Yes, he's hor r. ribly bashful.' ' Cordwood made from sawdust and shavings is the outcome of an idea of a planing mill man in a Western American city. The material is com pressed by steel plungers into dies. . A pressure oi 30 tons forces the .particles together into ai solid mass. . The machine turns out five tons of fuel a day, which sells readily at £2 a ton, returning an average net pro fit of £1, all of which was formerly thrown aWay. * ' .V *'??? ? { : '. ?' ????.# If a device soon . to be completed by a ? Commonwealth official realises expectations, it will no longer be ? possible to keep . a ^secret. This de vice is an audephone, and if fixed upon a door . it . 'may bo possible to hear all that is said within the apartment. At present the little in strument is very imperfect, but it is claimed that muffled sounds, not audible to the ear, can be ylieard by. its aid. The inventor will at present say nothing : more- than that' he is working out an idea which came to hiin some years- ago. The audephone is in shape something like a- tele- phone receiver, - and it. will be pos sible to screw it on to a wall. - Mr. F. Glahe, the originator of the 'free lunch' system, 'died recently in Chicago, in his sixtieth- year,, worth ''over'r^iOOjOOO^v.iMrT^GIaliy.wont to :Chicago.- practically-' penniless, at the age of 18,' and ''after a year's hard work he saved enough money to open .a saloon -called .-'Fred's- Beer Tun nel.' The -feature of 'Fred's Beer .Tunnel' was the. huge counter; piled high with sandwiches, which gave -America its 'first '.'free lunch.' Mr. Glalie declared 'Beer and food go together; \and I figure that I can of fer 'every man something to eat with .his -beer,, and. still make money. If they can get food for nothing the 'beer eaters' ,-_will come here.' 1-Ie was justified by results, ' and. retired ? with, a comfortable income, and the 'free' .lunch; is now an Anlerican in stitution. * *. k i * ?.-Miss Vera .McLauchlin; daughter of .-Mr. -William: McXitiuchlin, Mayor-elect of West jMaitland, has ^achieved are cord in -regard to the successful 'ex ? liibition ? of- fancy needlework, - that will take a lot-of beating. She has figured- with '--wonderful success at most of the - principal exhibitions, and _ completed- her record of 100 prizes by winning with darned net at Guyra Show this week. Last week ?she was successful;0 with corticelli work at Tumut ; Show. She has com peted atvno less than seventeen dif feront ^centres, including the Royal Show,: Sydney, - and the prizes an nexed comprise. 71 firsts, 26 seconds, 'and three thirds. These speak for , themselves.. :Fifty. -prizes were ob tained last , year. The work em braces corticelli, drawn thread, darn ed not, tenerillo, mount mellic, ivory . embroidery, and hem stitching. The vicar of tho now Evangelical Garrison Church in Derlin, in his de termination to keep abreast of the ? -.times, 'and to attract people to his \- church- by means suited to present day ideas, recently introduced some-: tiling of a novelty in church services,,, the ? celebration of tho first Advent. ... . Sunday being illustrated by cinema tograph and magic lantern pictures.' Above the 'altar was - stretched a ? largo linen screen, and With the first -notes of tho organ the church was darkened. As the congregation sang the opening hymn in darkness the star of Bethlehem appeared on tho screen above the altar. As tho preacher invisible among the shad ows told the wonderful story of tho birth of Christianity, his words were illustrated by picture after picture 'depicting, scones from tho lifo of the infant. Christ.. Tho experiment was so great a success that the vicar lias - decided to hold many further ' services along tho same lines. » # ? * A mass meeting of tho waiters in .New, York passed resolutions declar ; ing;. that tho tip system is deroga .. ' ,tory. to American citizenship and de ?i .basing to manhood, and should be -'.Abolished. It was understood, liow 'over, from tho speeches of tho lead ' ?Ung'-gnrcons, that the fraternity will -try :to Btrugglo with their convic . tiohs until employers either provide tt -bonus system or increase their , . . -wages. Sympathy with tho anti-tip . movement fs duo largely to the' way in which tho restaurant and hotel men have over-reached themselves. \- The hat-check boy provided the ?straw which broke tho camel's back. New Yorkers have taken every kind of imposition good- naturedly, but since they learned that tho restaur ant and hotel-keepers invito tenders for tho privilege of blackmailing guests in tho cloakroom, and actual ly receive enormous sums — one hotel gets £2000 a year, for the privilege — and that tho boys to whom the tips aro given do ,not profit by them, they have becomo somewhat dis gusted. # # * * 'The Yiddish witness,'. said County Court Judge Barry, in Lon don, tho other day, 'swears in tribes, so to .speak.' 'My lorts,' said one, 'I have sworn by Jehovah that every word I say ish true,' but I vill go further than that. I vill put down ten pounds in cash, and it. may bo taken avay from me if vot I say ish not true.' The offer was made with such fervour and sincer-. ityt that I thought it best to enter into the spirit of the thing. Turning to the little man, I asked, 'Are you ready to put down ten pounds that what you say -is true ?' He looked blank and lost, and shaking his head murmured sadly, 'No, it ish too mo tell.' . '? , ♦ . V * . » . * The Hibernian method of treat ment may be paradoxical, but.it of ten hits the truth exactly on', the head. The following story is told of an old private 'who was wounded at the charge of Kassassin. At one time after the war he was describ ing the part he played in the battle — of the long wait with tense nerves, the advance, the trot, the gallop, tho. charge — how a rider two yards from him fell dead in the saddle — how the men set their teeth to w.in. 'And what struck you most when all was over and you looked back on it ?' asked a hearer. - The old soldier paused for reflection, then solemnly and with the utmost simplicity said, 'What struck me most forcibly, sir, was the bullets that missed me.' ' * * » - # \- Far away on the borders of Mon golia, close to Russian Siberia, there is a city which is inhabited by men only. No woman is allowed to set foot within it, or else ho woman wants to set foot within, be that as it may, there are no women in it at all. . It is a colony, of traders who wish to communicate with Europe through Siberia. When they have driven a sufficient number of success ful bargains they leave the Men's City, and return to their native towns and to their families. It is essentially a merchants.' settlement, where men go to make their' for tunes, and from which they retire to enjoy the fruits of their labor;, in ' peace.' The announcement that two tons i of powdered milk were ordered for ' the use of Dr. Hawson's Antarctic expedition- has helped to bring into, prominence an industry which is as suming ./..'largo proportions in Aus tralasia/especially in New Zealand (observes the 'Scientific American'). The same product was used exten sively ? by Shackleton's expedition, and was the principal food of Prof. Dayid's^ party, which reached the South Magnetic Pole. New Zealand powdered milk is a serious rival to condensed milk for infants' food, as iU-iS'-thoroughly sterilised, -contains ho cane or -beet sugar, and in the process; of Mry ing the milk the casein is divided into fine particles, as in human milk. One kind of powdered milk, made entirely from skim milk, i is largely used in biscuit factories and ? in the manufacture of milk chocolate. . » ; » * * . When a grey-haired and benevol ent-looking old man of 81, George Roberts, was sentenced to twelve months'j hard labor at Nottingham, England, last month, for house breaking,' it was stated- that the pre vious day was the 63rd anniversary of his first conviction. He had serv ed 23 years in gaol. Superintendent Parnham said ? that 20 years ago Roberts was the smartest burglar in England. His specialty was break ing into houses while people were at church on Sundays. He manufactur ed burglar's tools, let them out on hire, and advised young burglars what houses to tackle. Roberts ^iirg-. cd that if sentenced he would lose his old age pension. Judge Ridley remarked that the man must have a magnificent constitution to have stood his past punishment so well. * » * * The Under-Secretary for Mines (Mr. E. F. Pittman) has furnished an advance statement respecting tho progress of the mineral industry of New South Wales during the year 1911\. The value of the output is £9,758,006, which is an increase of £1,021,538 on that recorded for 1910, and is the second largest pro duction in the history of the State, the best yield being obtained in 1907 . Tho output from tho coal, I silver-lead, and copper mines is' mainly responsible for this' gratify; ing increase, the one noticeable ex ception boing the gold-mining indus try, which shows a decrease on that of the previous year. The number of persons employed in connection with the mineral industry during tho year is estimated at 37,017, , or 396 less thun in the previous year. ? * » » . « When any prominent figure in tho . racing community now joins tho great majority, it appears inevitable that some of their turf reminiscences should find their way into print. Re ferring to the career and death of the late 'Bill' l,yons, a New Zew land writer, works off tho following— 'An old wayback and an old friend of Bill's, ono day mot him in Mel bourne, and as he had never been to a race .meeting before, was persuaded to go' out and see tho Cup run. Bill' was working a commission, and put the old man on to a good thing, which he got on at 12 to 1. When ho got his money after tho horse had won ho was greatly excit ed, and turning to 'Bill' asked' in surprise, 'IIow long has this sort of thing been going on 7 'Oh, for years,' replied Dill. At which' tho old man bjirst. out : 'Oh, William, William, and you never told mo bo fore.' That .is a wiso provision of tho South Australian law which forbids Parliamentary candidates from at tending political meetings within 48 hours of noon on polling day. Whe ther tho restriction is made in tho interests of tho health of tho candi date, or of the public, the latter will fully appreciate tho respite from tho flow of stump oratory which floods the country from end to end as elec tion day approaches. For two whole days the raucous voice of the poli tician must cease, from dinning his virtues into tho ears of the electors, .and with the cessation of the hide ous repetition of Parliamentary platitudes the people gain a little quiet time to consider the merits of the various candidates. And it is possible that many electors, who judged the men by the noise they made, may ' turn down the loud mouthed candidate when his strident voice is silent. * # # ? » A Chicago, U.S.A., woman recent ly sued a creditor for confiscating her wooden leg and leaving her standing as best she could against tho door post of his shop. A 6-year-old Bo'ness girl is accused of assuring one of H.M. inspectors of schools in England that a widow is 'a woman whose man is dead and who is looking for another.' Women of Ithaca, New York State, have decided to remove their hats in church, so as to rob meti of the ex cuse of staying at home because they are not able to see the preacher. ' Many professional chaperons in London, it' is stated, make over £1000 a year. And in some cases they claim so much per cent, of the girl's first year's income after she is married. . It was stated at - Surrey Quarter Sessions that R. Bennett, aged 40, who was sentenced to three years' penal servitude for stealing a pair of boots, boasted that he had only done one day's work in his life,- when he wheeled a barrow-load of luggage from Charing Cross to Euston. '* . ♦ - * » A correspondent of 'Hoard's Dairy man' reports that he has used resin as a cure for scours in calves, and never knew it to fail. One teaspoon ful of finely powdered resin stirred in the calf's drink is .usually enough. If one does not cure, repeat it in twenty-four hours. He states that he bought a two-months- old calf that had been bothered with scours from birth. The calf was getting so poor that he could hardly walk, and two doses cured him, and the calf was never bothered again. * * - * » Ballina Municipal Council is just now considering the purchase of a; metal crushing plant, and it is un derstood that opinion is divided as to whether the motive power should be oil or steam. The. Inverell Coun cil report last year shows ' that 2348 yards - of metal .were quarried and crushed, and: after allowing cost of wages, oil, waste, coke, depreciation, the cost 'of metal averaged 3s 7d per cubic yard. The machine, apparently an oil or combustion ' engine, only worked 37 days out of the 365. # ? * ' ? *?. * ? There is to be seen at Blackwall the first mail coach that ran from Sydney over 100 years ago. It .was formerly the property of Mr. James Cox, who owns some very . valuable, land about Woy 'Woy:' - The coach has ' partly lost one. wheel, ..but the - re mainder is in a good' state of pre servation, and looks strong enough to carry half-a-ton yet.; It is a last ing testimony of the workmanship of olden days, and speaks well for the. colonial timber used in its construc tion. ??;...' ?' *? ? ' *?' ' France is goinfe to have 24-hour clocks. The - railroad stations will be furnished with timepieces the faces of which will mark 24 hours instead of 12. Ono will no -longer take a train at 20 minutes past one in the afternoon, but at 13.20. In stead of string 4 o'clock; ono will say 'sixteen o'clock.' Theatrical, performances will commence/ at 20 o'clock, or half-past 20. Tho inno- . vation has long been in- use in Can ada, the principal advantage being a saving' of space in voluminous timer tables , obtained by dispensing ; - with the all important 'a.m.!' v, and 'p.m.' . : « » » ....- A correspondent states that he has always. found a- good plan to eradi cate ant's is to place several small bits of cooked meat about where the ants mostly frequent, and wheifthey become thick with ants throw, them into boiling water. Keep doing this and you will find that the ants will soon disappear. Another good way is to find out where the ants are coming from, by tracking them .to their haunts and pouring down, a strong solution of carbolic. Carbolic acid, miscible in water; can be had at any chemist's. Sixpence worth would rid a place of ants; Two table spoonfuls of . carbolic to one gailon of water. This is also good for get ting rid of rats. ? v. On the Upper ? -Macleay -several farmers have been1 experimenting with cow peas on their farms. The peas are planted between the rows of maize after it has beon ^ hilled, and instead pf having -a heavy crop of weeds at tho harvesting of the maize thero is a fine swathe of succulent vine growth. Pigs have been turned in on these areasi and it has* sur prised the owners how tho animals rolish the cow peas, eating practical ly the whole of the vines without in terference in any wily with the maize. The extra cost incurred in droving the pigs to a shipping depot is in, a measure compensated for by tliis mothod of feeding. The animals are topped oh with maize. ' * ? * ? » C{n .one occasion tho old man sold a stud ram to a sheopfarmei» in the locality at a stiff prico. When the animal arrived tho new owner had a strong suspicion that it was not the ram ho had selected, but an alto gether inferior animal. A few months later breeder and buyer met. 'I'm going to show that ram- 1 bought from you,' said tho furmor. Tho breeder thought over tho mattor for a moment. He had no .particular de sire that this inferior ram should, bo labelled in tho show catalogue as 'bred by William Blank, Esq., Wool Plains.' 'I'll toll you what I'll do,', ho suggested. 'I've got a good ram at homo that I'll lend you for tho show ; he's a bit bettor than the ono you bought.' Tho offer was ac cepted. Tho lounod ram was consid erably the bettor' of -the, two, as tho breerlor .was .'boxed' in the; begin ning, so the buyer was 'boxed' in' the end. It was tho old sheep and tho inferior one that returned to Wool Plains after tho show. 'Sold liko a bullock 1' exclaimed the old man, 'and on my own' proposition.' During tho. year 1911 tho arrivals in tho Commonwealth numbered 141,909, as 'compared with 95,692 for the provious year. The depar tures numbered 64, '206 in 1911, as compared with 58,145 in 1910, The excess of arrivals over departures was 79,703 in .1911, as compared with 37,547 in 1910. Of the arriv als last year 136,242 were of white nationalities, 124,483 being British, 2631 German; 1443 Scandinavian, 1387 Italian, 1256 French, 1137 Austrian, 1013 Russian, 869 Ameri can, 611 Greek,, 387 Danish, 322 Dutch, 143 Spanish, 132 Swiss, 10 Turkish,- and 166 ^belonging to other white races. The total num ber of immigrants of Colored nation alities was 5667, tho races most largely represented ' being ? Chinese, with 3023, Malays witli T.146, and J apanese with 494. The departures of colored people numbered 6066, so ' that the emigration of colored aliens exceeded the immigration by 399. George Bonnor, the mighty smiter of Australian Elevens of a past day, is still resident of the Orange dis trict. Twenty-se'von years ago he was the terror of the English bowl ers. Standing 6ft. 4Jin. in height he could hit all round the wicket with equal vigor. Some of his records were phenomenal. In 1582 -, at Scar borough, against I. Zingari, he scored 122 not out of the last 167 runs. On that occasion he scored 24 ?runs off one over of four balls. Bon not was also a splendid field either at short slip or. in the outfield. In the latter position he was excep tionally dangerous, inasmuch as he would return the ball with lightning like 'rapidity and with wonderful ac curacy. It was a common occurrence for Bonnor. to hit the wicket side on when fielding in ; the -.country. The i great hitter was born in Bathurst, tho home of Charlie Turner ('Tho Terror') and Tommy McKibben, the biggest leg break bowler Australia1 has unearthed. Some years ago Bon nor, who had not had a bat in his hand for several seasons, was : in duced to play, against a Sydney team which visited Bathurst. The giant got his eye in and hit up 286 not out between 3 o'clock and 6 o'clock. 