IMMIGRATION. THE YEAR'S OPERATIONS. record number of arrivals. inexperienced farm workers foreigners to be imported. Through the agency of the Plate Im migration department the population of Victoria has beet: increased by over 13,000 during the past year, and when those wlio are now on tho wuv out arrive the number of persons whom the Government has assist ed will have reached 14,11(1. The result of this year's work easily eclipses that of any JJiVYlUUB JCtll. All 1UUJ L1IC liUHIULT Ui UO' sisted immigrants to arrive in Victoria was 052, in 1010, 1600, and in 1911, 0770. So it will be seen that, the arrivals this year are more than double those of 1911. The assisted immigrants, however, represent only a proportion of the number of people who are finding thr.ir way to this State. During the whole of the year all available third class accommodation on vessels com ing to Victoria had been fully booked for months in advance. In fact, the shipping facilities have been a long way short of requirements. It is therefore safe to as sume that had there been more passenger vessels in tho Australian service the num ber of new Victorians Would have greatly exceeded the figures supplied liy the de partment. Although the Government has' granted assistance in the way of passage money to all new arrivals, the majority have been possessed of capital. The total amount of capital which has been set down as having been brought to the Stale, by assisted farm settlers and farm workers is £82,582, which will be increased to £103,558 when those on vessels hound for Victoria arrive. Those figures give an average for the farm settlei's of £214 and for farm workers of £11 cacli.' ' The capital intro duced. by nil other dosses of assisted im migrants is estimated, by the, department; at- £40.000, making the total £143.553, or an average of £10 per head,- including men, women and children. The Minister controlling immigration (Jlr. Hagelthorn, JI.L G.) made some in teresting observations yesterday concerning -the result of the year's operations. He said that while a total of 310 land settlers hud arrived during the year, only 142 lutd actually been settled. . 'This, however, did not indicate that the remaining 177 had failed in the purpose for which they came to the State. Many of them being pos sessed of insufficient capitnl to undertake irrigated agriculture -had acquired small holdings privately. Others preferred to gain experience .of local farming methods and conditions in employment before un- dertnking operations on their own account, while still others went into dairying ami, other farming on the'shares system. There wus also -another proportion representing thosp: who i had found the conditions of farming life unsuitable or different from what they expected, and liiid turned their attention in other directions. But it was safe to say . that of the 177 persons men tioned about 80 per cent were engaged on Hw land in some capacity. Tiie results which had been' achieved, however, were not sufficient, the Minis ter continued. The settlement of the ir rigable areas was one of -the chief features of tiie Government's 'immigration policy, and lie was not satisfied with the progress which had been made in that clireetion tuns .year. Of those who were coming to the ritate ns land seekers too many were lnsnltieiently equipped iti respect 'to the two essential qualifications, capital and ex perience. " To be deficient in either -of these two factors was bad, but'when both |/iuaj/cLi,a Ol OHUCfflMlII Siaiie ment were practically nil. Capital was .so important that the 'Water -Supply Commis sion was 1 not now accenting applications for irritable blocks from prospective set tlers with less than The Govern ments representatives abroad would be ex pected to give more attention to this class of immigration, and : to produce better re- suits, in tOlS. ... Owing to" the. uncertainty which prevailed with regard to agricultural prospects through the absence of rainfall in the earlier vhalf of; the year, said the Minister immigration operations, as far as fanp "workers were ' concerned, were considerably curtailed '-and- the number or-; persons , introduced as agricultural laborers for The year .was consequent- ly much lowet- ' than would otherwise- have ltcen tlic case. Here, again, how ever, there had been too frequent grounds for complaint, on. the score .of the inex perienced men who' 7tad come forward as farm workers. While some disappoint ment had hpen caused ir. this way, there was no doubt, generally speaking, that the labor which had bseu'mado available to the farnniij? community by the Govern ments policy of immigration had proved most valuable, and had gone far to relieve the, difficulties caused by the pronounced scarcity of farm labor which bad pre vailed. Trouble had frequently been found, the Jlimster stitcd. in placing 'in farming em ployment. the inexperienced men accom panied by a family, and men had frequent ly come as farm laborers without any claim to be considered as such. But whe ther experienced or inexperienced, the im migrant farm laborers, as a rule, had un doubtedly served a very useful purpose. J. lie, somewhat unsatisfactory results, us far as farm workers wore concerned, ap peared to bo due to the fact that it tvns extremely difficult to secure bona fide farm workers from the rural districts of Great Britain. , Altogether, too large a propor tion of so-called farm workers came from the larger centres, and, the bulk of their JiiV'ci'K'iK'e consisted of marke gardening, lhc R-w Danish and £cnndinnvian farm la borers stood out in striking contrast to those obtained from Great Britain. Not only had they the necessary experience to undertake farming work successfully, but they stood out as regards physique, and on the whole appeared' to tie men ami. women or excellent diameter..- It was- quite true that the Government .would prefer to have suitable British farm workers,- but it was certainly far better to : secure men and women of good Uhvsiqui: and with ' the necessary experience from the rural dis tricts of other countries than to lie eon- ten t. to take tne unsuitable ones from the centres of, population in Great Britain, lhis was a direction in which the 'depart ments efforts would be specially directed during 1013, to secure a good sprinkling of Danes and Scandinavians, who had done so much for agriculture in their own lands. ! he artisans, numbering about U00. who were specially selected in Great Britain, were the most .satisfactory und .successful class of immigrants introduced during the year. They had supplied what was a very serious shortage of labor, and by their ability and satisfactory character consti tuted a good addition to the industrial effi ciency. The action taken by the Govern ment to' encourage this form of immigra tion had been fiiffy justified by the results. For the present artisan requirements ap peared to be fairly well satisfied, and as sisted passages to artisans had been dis continued. There was, however, no con siderable surplus of artisan labor, nnd witli such large undertakings in prospect ns building of country railways, suburban rail way electrification, construction of addi tional locomotives, establishment of new railway workshops, new ship ' building yards, &c.;, opportunities ahead for' inch in the trades afiectcd appeared to-be good. - 