Nnpl end Fremantleites are shortly to have an opportunity of hearing Mr. G. E. Lefroy. A.M.I.C.E.. publicly propound his harbor extension scheme. That gentleman, who lias given the Fremantle harbor question vast amount of study and personal attention. will probably address a meeting at the Town Holl on Monday evening. August 12, and. no doubt, he will have a large hearing. Thev - ar? many people in this port who realise the urgency and importance of the harbor question, and who, as yet. have not had an oTiport-j.nity of hearing any of the schemes for extension lucidly propounded. Tn Mr. Lefroy % thev will find a convincing and expert authority on a subject, that he hns grasped to the fullest, and an engineering expert who has propounded a scheme that will commend itself to all who study its various aspects. There must have been fully 200 people "" on the wharf on Sunday to witness the berth ;ng of the new steamer Ajana. which arrived from Bristol with 645 immigrants on board for this State- Of that number 228 were assisted immigrants—24 married couples. 82 single men. 48 single women. 48 children under tweïve. and two wives who have come to join their husbands: 417 nominated passengers—23 married couples. 35 single men, 72 single women, 191 children under 12. and 73 wives come to join their husbands. Besides these immigrants there were 20 lads between the ag^s of 15 and 20 who have been selected in London as the type of young men that Australia needs. The captain of the Ajana fCapt. Young) had a good word to say for the passengers. They are a fine stamp of people, he said. ?nd "went on to repeat his remarks made to Sir Newton Moore that Australia was taking the cream of the population of the Old Country. • • • • a « Among the passengers by the immigrant steamer Ajana, which arrived at Fre- v mantle from England on Sunday last, were 20 youths, whose ages range between" 15 and 20 years, and who were selected in London by Sir John Kirk, on behalf of the Rev. H. Freeman, who has during the last two years been engaged in finding employment in Western Australia for lads willing to go on the land- The boys made the trip under the charge of Mr. % G. C. Stanley, late of the District Messenger Co., London, who spoke in glowing terms of the conduct of the contingent since leaving the Old Country. Mr. Freeman, soon after the arrival of the lads. was heard refuting the impression that seems to have got abroad that he is engaged in a sort of resume work. The / boys, he urged on his hearers, had been À engaged by Sir John Kirk, and had previously been employed either by the General Post Officç or the District Messenger Co. They were met on the wharf by M. J. J. Simons, who weiomed them on behalf of the Young Australia League and later were taken to the new Immigration Home, where they were addressed by Mr. W. C. Angwin, M.L.A., and Mr. Nevill, Chief Immigration Officer. The sea is no respector of human life. It is merciless and cruel to he who is unfortunate enough to become a victim to its relentlessness—and it finds many victims. But there is another and stronger force behind it. Sometimes Fate takes a ' hand in the game, and the grasping green waters are robbed of their prey. On Thursday evening of last Aveek they were despoiled of a victim in the person of George Johnson, a Danish fisherman well-known in Fremantle, although as far as can be seen Johnson's mate, one Paul Johansen, was unfortunately ' drowned. Johnson's was a terrible experience, and one through which very few men would have emerged alive. 3h brief, the history of the tragic voyage of his vessel may be summed up as follows: In company with Johansen he let Fremantle on the 10th July in the cutter Bullfinch bound for Jurien Bay, a fishing place just over 100 miles from Fremantle. On the night of July 18, when about five miles from the shore, and steering a course for shelter at Fishermen's Bay. the craft was overturned. Johansen in a couple of hours disappeared, but Johnson, from 4 p.m. until midnight, struggled for his life with the waves, and eventually he was thrown up on the shore some 15 miles from Jurien Bay. Arriving there , he » found no fishermen, as he had expected and he then walked on to Butler's home^ stead, where he was cared for until he was able to return to Fremantle. He is almost totally recovered from his hard experience by this time, and reckons on soon being able to make further trips in his calling. There seems to be no end to the viking eontempt or the sea. There was no meeting of the T^remantle Council on Monday night. There was a fairly large crowd down on the wharf on Tuesday to see the incoming of the R.M.S. Medina. This was the latter's first appearance in Fremantle. and to many minds, she conveyed a feeling of interest in that she was the Royal yacht on the occasion of the Indian Durbar last year. But she certainly doesn't carry any of the Royal appearance now. When she was the Royal yacht she was painted white, with yellow funnels. Now she is like the other P. and 0. boats, black, with yellow deckings —and ono of the untidiest blacks imaginable. There is still noticeable a band around the hull—a band that was once gilt, and cost £500 to paint- V f. r- • « • A romantic tale is told of two young couples who came lx> this State per the S.6 Ajana. on Sunday last. One couple were Strangers to each other when the boat left Bristol, and each was engaged to be married. More than that the other party to each engagement was travelling by the same boat. By the time the vessel was a fortnight out, couple No. 1 had split the bands that allied them to their respective sweethearts, and came to an arrangement between themselves. They kept Filent. however, «bout it. After a few days conscience began pricking, and thev deoided to break- off their respective engagement publicly. Hand in hand, ffie repo/t goes, they sought the fiancee of the girl, and to their astonishment, they found him with his arm around the wnist of nrirl No. 2. Matters took a hit of explaining, but eventually the whole TX>?iti-on was rearranged to ev?rvbodv'p Hkinrr. 