NOTES -ON NEWS. Broken Hill miners have shown their good sense by rejecting, by an overwhelming maojrity, the require ment of the A.M. A. that, in case of any member being killed while em ployed i n a mine, nil the .members should cease work for one shut. The voting was 1486, No ; and 479, Yes. The action of the State Government in declining Ho allow the Governor .General the use of the Sydney Gov ernment House, is being condemned as unnecessarily churlish. A mere', matter of rental should not be .al lowed to stand in the way of extend ing cordial hospitality to the repre sentative of his Majesty. The Vic torian, Government; is . immeasurably w.iljsr :U in ; its day and generation. The . Hobiart Labor Conference re jected, a resolution in ; favor of uni fication, and resolved to. again submit the proposedvamendmeots of the Con stitivtion which were negatived in Aprifvlast. From the point of view of extremists, many of the . proceedings of. the. Conference have b^e. nof a conservative character, ra11i;Cr than otherwise. la southern districts an.; erormous increase his been noted of late in the rabbit pest. The outloo kis (that all the available pasture will be con sumed before the winter. The only effective safeguard, so far discovered, is ' wire netting, There is excellent feed in netted paddocks, but the country outside is ..eaten bare. In the Argentine hand shearers are paid about 12s per 100 ; machine shearers, about 10s 6d per 100. The rations consist chiefly of meat, biscuit 'mate.' tea, 'and sometimes macaroni and rice . It would seem that the Australian shearer has. a glorious time of it, as compared. with the lot of his South American compeer. The Go v er ninen t ; is ; asking tti e Pub lic Works Committee to sanction (the expenditure of £40,000 on the exten sion of the Minister's brickworks at Homebiiish Bay, The cry 'of the: horse leech may be expected to he moder ate in comparison with ', the insati able demand of these State under fcakngs. . The shareholders in Danish co-oper-' ative factories received no less than £4,000,000 sterling as the result of sales of bacon. Great possibilities await similar systematisation of efforjt in Australia, The butter factories' haye already shown what can. be ilone: There is room for great .ex pansion, however, in the production of; bacon and hams. The new steamer of the P. & O. Co the Ballarat, brought no less than llflO immigrants tt- Australia, of, whjeen' nearly 700 came to Sydney. There seem's to be a great hesitation however, about arranging, for, , the maintenance of the inflow ori a simi lar scale. Although: the area cropped; in 1910: 11, 3,382,000 acres, exceeded that iof the previous year by over 200,000 zicres, the value of the producei £9;, 493,000,. was nearly a million , ajid a half less. The average yield, ac cording. vto the. State Statistician, was . £2 16s 2d per acre, as against £'3: 8s 9d in the previous year. It is not always the largest area which gives the best return. There has been a great scarcity of onions ia the Sydney markets, arid they have been bringing as much as £14 per ton wholesale. Bumpkins, too, have been bringing good' prices -though, sometimes, they can hardly Tbe given away/. ? When every one gets increased' pay because of the. increases! ,co-st of liv ing ,; then, after all the trouble iy© 'have taken, we shall be just where we were; wliepe we started. It will be as profttable as taking money out of. one pocke.t- and,; puttinig: it \- jn another, or to (chang^ the anie,tapn-or like a kitten chasing? its tail. Mean while: , it', is very har4- lines for those wiio }iave4o pay, the; increased- prices, but.wnodo;,not get, any -return in dihe shape of increased' pay. . But one jhust be up-to-4ate, even in arrant The verdict of Judg'e Bafikfyouse, as to; : the^ charges Wrought 'against ' Mr. Robinson-, thfe chief of the ' H^nr s&rd;, 'Yeporting staff, by ih-e1 Speaker, Mr- Willis, is awaited witji great in sues involved, there ar epublic con siderations of considerable moment. Senator Pearce, the Minister for Defence, made an eloquent speech at Broken Hill, despite Socialist inter ruption, maintaining the . necessity of providing adequate defence for Aus tralia, against, possible invasion' by some eastern nation. Sydney merchants complain that' they are losing a great deal of trade on account- of the obstructive a|ti- . tud-e-of the wharf laborers.; Owing to. the delays which take place at; Sydney, many of their customers are\\. forwarding their orders to Melbourne;-. '? firms because the goods come right through. If they were to order in] ? Sydney, it would probably be found' impossible to get the goods on board before the steamer sailed.' The power plant for the small arms factory at Lithgow, which was made at- ine vjovernment wonts ai. v;ooKa-j.po Island, is not working satisfactorily, and the works will be at a standstill till the defects are remedied. On the motion of Mr. Stewart. (Vic.) the Labor Conference passed a resolu tion affirming that no person enrolled in the Defence force should be com pelled to bear arms against any workers engaged in industrial dis- * putes, notwithstanding anything that might be contained in the oath of allegiance. Yet the danger of armed lawlessness from strikers is obvious ly, very much morp, imminent than any attack from outside; How is it that Labor discipline is so lax in this vital 'matter, whilst it remains so - rigjd ,in the matter of solidarity ? The inauguration of the 'Million' Club;, in Sydney has been -productive' of some lively discussion. The mean 5ng 'of the tit-le is tih'e inembers plejdgo' themselves to do what they, can to raise; the population of. Sydney to., a million, whereas it is notorious that it is much larger already, than is good for Ithe State. Even apologists of the Club admit that the name is unhap pily chosen. ' Our Boys ' made a very bad' be ginnidgy in the third, test ma,tch at Adelaide. One wonders whether the incessant disputes and bickerings about one thing! an'dlanoth'er' have ainy . ? effect: on the play. They certainly;: wouldn't tend to v improve it. Seeing that it is fashionable to prescribe an Act of Parliament for... every grievance, it. is ab'p'ut up 16 readers of newspapers to ' d!e!mand! &n;: Act for the abolition of printers 'er rors in the Sydney Dailies. Howling blunders are more common than words correctly set. ' Willias,' displeesure,' ' displeasu :er,' ' insist' in,1 are sali ples all taken from one brief para graph. The omission ot the little word ' not,!' thus reversing the scribe, is quite common. There was a time when it was a serious matter to pass a misprint in a morning daily. The ' linos ' have altered all that. But, bven the lino can ;db better work ftjhjan is presented to us in. our. Sydney -&x-; changes.. '? . Mr. Eisher has., so profited by the . opposition, whicli his p^bposai .'to- enter . into competition with the State Sav- ings Banks has aroused, that he now' ' offers to admit the -States as partners in their own undoing. At present, none of them seem to b& taking kind)- ; ly to the proposal. Everything fbV the Commonwealth, is Mr. Fisher's motto. The State Premiers woultl; ?; like something left which they can, call their own. The idea of the Con ference was that; the Staitft State; Sav-.- ( irigs Banks should' be federaiised. The State Governments havje no objection to Nationalise— it is the same thing — other people's property. But to trench on their own preserves isqiute/ ? anoth-er matter. Michael Bluno was committed tor trial on a charge of having malici ously sent to Archibald Jatnes ^in-, deyer of Baymond Terrace, a Jettjer threatening to' kill. hini. ? The. letter contained threats. of dire vengeane'e against Mr. Windeyer, and certain members of his family. Prosecutor deposed that Bluno had pressed his suit with a certain young lady, and witness told him' the answer, b$ had, already received from her should jbo finaj. Subsequently witfness wVotfe'fo Bluno telling him the young lady in qii£$t;ion had becor$3 engaged*. Ac ' cused'S counsel said his client had expressed sorrow for what hb had $fto*- .... , '. . i ., ^ ii 