ON THE LAND. > FARM AND STATION. A_n_RICAF AGRICULTURE THE LESSONS TO BE -BAKNETD. FUTURE OF AUSTRLIÍAÜ PROPOSES. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE.) XLVII. The concluding articles of this series will deal with a subject that is of special interest just now, viz., the export butter trade, and London market methods as they affect Australian Interests. Before dealing with the subject, however, it will be advisable, as a summing-up, to speak of the lessons I learnt during my tour abroad, and the lessons to be learned by the Australian producers from those of other countries, particularly America And Denmark. A COMPARISON. The opinion generally expressed by those who have paid a visit to other countries is that Australia is as good, if not better, than most of them. And after dispassionately considering the merits of all of them no other conclusion can possibly be arrived at Giving full weight and prominence to occasional bad years, as an agricultural country Australia can more than hold its own. The question of whether Australia is a better country than others, however, is not the main thing. It is important from an immigration point of view, but to those who have already settled here and intend to remain the question that most interests them is how they can best improve their methods and enlarge their returns. In the previous articles I have merely referred to what has interested me most as an agriculturist, and described the most conspicuous features in the practice of farming, principally in the United States and in Denmark. Those two countries were selected for a special reason. In the case of the former the climatic conditions and the crops grown correspond, in many places, to those Australia must place her dependence upon, while with the latter It stands to-day as the most progressive and advanced agricultural country in the world, and it has attained it eminence, not because of its natural suitability, but in spite of its many natural disadvantages. , _, DENMARK'S SUPREMACY. To deal with the latter first, Denmark owes Its agricultural supremacy first and foremost to co-operation. The explanation given by a celebrated Scottish agriculturist, who visited Denmark as a special commissioner, that the three causes of the marvellous progress that country has made weren't) Co-opera- tion; (2) co-operation; and (3) co-operation is, in the main correct. It is co-operation that has enabled them to improve their farm- ing methods as well as their selling methods. And that is a point that is too frequently overlooked. We, who look for our salvation to co-operation, will find that it is going to increase our annual returns enormously; but eventually (if over the principle is consummated) methods will be improved and production increased. Co- operation to-day is the Australian farmers' greatest need. The evils against which the Danish dairymen and the Californian fruitgrowers struggled so desperately for years are threatening us. Our isolation and remote- ness from our markets accentuate our danger. An officer who investigated the lemon industry along the Mediterranean littoral a year or two ago reported that California, with its high-priced labour, could compete successfully against the cheap European labour, because the industry was organised. "Between the time the fruit leaves the orchards and its reaching the hands of the consumer it has to pay commission five or six times." Six or seven men, in other words, have to extract their profit from it before any comes to the producer. Denmark suffered the same experience with its butter. AUSTRALIAN PRODUCERS' OBSTACLES. Australia is paying toll on all her exports. The commission agent waxes fat upon the labour of the farmer. The man who grows the stuff concerns himself in no way with the disposal of it. Up to the present the farmer has not been disposed to bestir himself, and the agent is not likely to kick. Provided the agent leaves us with sufficient to live upon we are content. We grumble, but we do not resist. Our dairy farmers have made some attempt at combined effort, but in almost every one of their agreements the essential principle is lacking. They band themselves into co-operative societies, but they do not bind themselves. The principal Executive officers of the Danish and Californian associations informed me that it was the penal clauses of the agreement that kept the organisations together for the first few years. It must be clear to everyone that without such provisions as heavy fines for those who join a society and then sell their produce through private channels, the society must quickly crumble away. And that is why our co-operative societies have not taken complete possession of the dairying industry throughout our eastern States. A farmer joins a society, out the following week a proprietary firm will offer slightly more than current rates for his cream, and the farmer accepts. The proprietary firm makes good that extra little bit in a very short time, with a little to the good, and the co- operative society is weakened. It is strong only in numbers; not in influence. The associations are disintegrated, and farmers cannot bring their combined weight to bear in their negotiations with the shipping companies, with the local sellers, or with the foreign buyers. It is the same with all our other exports wheat, mutton, and fruit. The producer relies upon the agent, and he is ever at his mercy. From the point of view of commercial economy, and granting that every agent was as honest as the day, the present system is the most expensive to the producer and to the consumer. STATE IN ACTION. The indifference of the farmer to co-opera- tion is, however, his own affair. The indifference of State or Federal departments to the transportation of our products is another matter, and one which affects the future of our industries. Because the ships which trade with Australian ports are now fitted with refrigeration chambers, we sit back and accept this as the solution of our transportation problems. America, with a ten days' voyage, and with such 1 refer stuff as wheat and maize, has found that it has paid her handsomely to investigate the causes of the change the produce undergoes during transit. Australia, relying largely on its butter and its fruit, two of the most easily perishable forms of produce, does nothing. The producer or the exporter who pays for refrigera- tor space may or may not get it. He has no check upon the companies. Orchardists have repeatedly asked for self-recording thermometers '-hich would indicate, the extent and nature of the fluctuations of temperature between Australia and Europe. Even that trifling innovation has not yet been received. Every year the question of securing space to cars. The shipping companies regret that the arrangements cannot be altered, and the produce suffers. These are our main difficulties. It is not a matter of our distance from the markets, but one of our inability to improve our transportation. As for disposal of our produce abroad this is a question which cannot easily be settled. That producers do lose, and lose heavily under the existing arrangements, is generally admitted, but what new system is to he desired to meet the case is one that only a commercial man with a knowledge of the conditions obtaining in London and elsewhere can decide. SELLING AND TRANSPORT. With co-operation the present troubles would be obviated, but without it someone else must provide a remedy. Everyone who has sold even as little as a box of orange's knows the evils of the commission system, and the inability to discover what the fruit actually sold for. and when thousands of boxes, may be, are being disposed of 10,000 miles away, one needs to have great deal of faith in human nature Our difficulties for? the present all He in the direction of selling and transport. That our production in many branches is extraordinarily low in comparison with other countries is no cause for alarm. It does not prove that our country or even our climate Is deficient. What it does suggest is that our methods are not the best. And unquestionably they are not. We have not yet felt the press of competition, and, until stimulated by necessity we are not likely to show any improvement. In individual cases, where energy and ambition are the driving forces, farmers will obtain results that will surpass the efforts of farmers In any country of the world. With the majority, however (and it is only where better methods become general that the average of production is increased), there appears to be little prospect of a change. in Australia a comfortable existence is easily won from the soil, and the majority are content with that. They can raise stock without recourse to artificial feeding, and they prefer to do that rather than to increase their profits by cultivation. AUSTRALIA'S OPPORTUNITY. As Australia begins to for up its empty areas the economic conditions will change, and so the methods will improve. It has the land and the climate to grow almost any product to perfection. This is a bold statement, but it is true. An exhibit of Australian products which travelled the principal shows of Great Britain last year was so good that some of the English farmers doubted its genuineness. That excellent wheat, fruit, butter, and wool could all be produced from the one farm It would have been madness to attempt to prove to them. At the Royal Show, at Inverness, some of the Scottish farmers who- saw Australian fine wool for the first time, doubted whether it was not silks Up in the Highlands many of the black- faced sheep grow a covering more resembling goats' hair than wool, and it was no wonder that they were incredulous. It was much the same with other products. One has to leave Australia to find how good Australian products really are. Here we become accustomed to good butter, and to wholesome and attractive fruit. A sample of beautifully plump and flinty grain causes no remark. It is what we see everywhere, and it is typical of our produce. In Europe the climatic conditions are against the production of such fruit or of such grain, And with land the comparison is all in our favour. What we despise as third-rate land would be at once converted into arable land in western Europe. Our quality, because of climate, must always be superior. Our quantity, so long as our present methods continue, will always be comparatively low. When we adopt the methods of Denmark in dairying and of California In fruitgrowing, we will overcome the competition of any country in the worleL 