MISCELLANEA. Bey rout Bombarded. There' have been newspaper denials of the fact that the Italian warships recently bom barded. .boyrout.- M. Moisc S. Sassoon, who was in. the Palestinian city on' '24th March, has, hbwevev. written the following of. the incident'of \Vliich ho was an" eye witness : "The Mohammedans armed themselves and started' firing at the passers-by, and, with deep' regret",' ! have to report that a Russian Jew, named Stoingart, was assassinated, and that a native Jew, Salomon Ruben, whs slightly wounded." "Bbyrout was in a state of panic. It was with great difficulty that I reached homo safely. More than 150 persons were killed, and 100 more or less seriously wounded as the result of the atrocious bombardment. It was an awful sight to see the dead and wounded lying in the street carried oiT. IVc Wercy terrified, not knowing what might hap pen; We feared a general massacre by the fanatical natives. "W.o passed a dreadful day, for every mo ment we saw a gang of natives,-all of them armed, walking rip. and down, and firing as tliby went. Happily, thid; night-passed with out any noteworthy inciclbnti, as the streets were patrolled by soldiers, gendarmes, and mounted police. Moreover, 3000 soldiers ar rived in1 the evening express train from Da mascus tcj strengthen the local military force. "We cannot too highly appreciate the ener getic and successful steps taken by our Gov ernor, Hahem Pasha, to restore order. All foreign institutions were guarded by the local gendarmes." Plus X. and the Jews. Our nationalists seem to have a certain foible for the Pope and for Roman Catholi cism. Tlerzl, enthusiast as he was, expected to obtain from the Roman curia ail endorse ment' of : Zionism. The latest wooer for home's blessing1 is Elizer 15en .Jehuda, the autliqr of the great Hebrev. dictionary. He ami his. wife Efcmdah were received in audi ence by His Holiness. It is not stated, ■ whe ther tiiese great .Jewish nationalists remem bered tbat it was near Pnrim, and followed Mjordccai's example not to bend the knee. What they expected of Pius X.c outside ,of the gratification of mere curiosity, is not stated. At any rate, Ben Judah is sorely missed at bis Jerusalem borne. While going to Europe he left his paper, "Ha-Or,"' in charge of his son, evidently an immature youngster, who felt called upon to give the American Jews a lesson -in politics. If they had consulted young -BemJehuda, who, unfortunately, was \- not-born there, they would never have start ed,the, Russian, passport, agitation. First; of \- all, s.they will , neyei; .win their .point,; .and,. .se condly, they ought not to, for Russia has too .much self-respect to yield to the Aiiieri ,can Jews, whp -ara Iier former subjects', run away .thieves, or at best illiterate fellbws, . who, .having amassed a fortune, think they .can, bulldoze the whole world. Beri Jehuda, .whose original,name , was Porbnann, came'to . Palestine, after • tlic first.'pogroms,'.'"nearly thirty years ago, with the plan vt6 establish a Jewish nation by building up a Jewish . "Cultiir" first. He was then still a religious enthusiast, and wore the Tallith as his daily garment on the street. Meantime, he lias evolved into an out-and-out niatorialist, who advocates a Judaism as pure nationalism, openly defying all religious sentiment by which surely Harm is done to the cause o! culture in Palestine. This dictionary, now over, the first attempt' to cover the whole range of the Hebrew language, is a worlc of great merit.—7"American Israelite.'' A "Trust" in Jewish Literature. Practically:unannounced in other countries, a remarkable, event lias recently taken, place in the -Jewish publishing business of Russia. This event, whs;. the combination ,of six of the leading Hebrew! and Yiddish publishing firms of Wilna and Warsaw into one corporation, to be known as the"Ceatralc," and tlui full name of which is the Central Jewish Publish ing Company. 1'he firms which have thrown their fortunes together, under the heading of the "Ccn trale," control the most important Hebrew and Yiddish publications in Russia, consist ing: of numerous volumes and sets of volumes of belles- lettres, histories, educational works, Jewish and general religious works, text books, books of travel and description, works on philosophy, and translations from the literatures of the different countries of the world. It is said that the combined business of these ".firms run into several thousands of roubles, and it is significant that these pub lishers have been exporting annually to the United States and Canada, books to the value approximately twenty thousand dol lars. Now that these firms have combined, it is expected that with their increased capi tal, and with administrative expenses re duced, they will multiply their activities, and add many new works to the already largo Hebrew and Yiddish literature which has been created in .Russia and Galicia in recent years. At least, these are the hopes of Mr. S. Srebrek, who has come to this country to represent the "Centrale" and to open a branch of the company. The individual concerns which have com bined in the "Centrale'' are ; the Verlags, "Tusiah," "Progress," "Hasachar," "Men dele," "Simim," ancl "Srebrek" ; and these different firms have been so well-known that their coming together attracted considerable attention on the' part of the J ewish press in Russia, and of tlie Yiddish press in this country. In fact, the "Huolom," of Wilna, the most important Hebrew weekly .publish ed in Russia, has seen in the formation of the "Centrale" the beginning of a "trust" in Jewish literature, and has ventured to criti ciso the new company for its alleged designs to limit the output, to force their publica tion upon the book-dealers, to treat harshly with authors, and to adopt other trust me thods of eliminating competition.' To this article of the "Haolom," Hcrr Sal kowitz, of the "Tusiah," the leading pro moter of the "Centrule," rejoined that the new company had been formed purely tor the sake of economy, and for the sake of issuing more and better publications, and that the Jewish reading public will be bene fitted by its establishment.—"American He brew." What Has the Immigrant Done for the United States. Just for once, instead of even asking, ''What can \vc do for the immigrants ?" why not ask this other question,. "YVliut has the immigrant done for us—what is he doing ?" After thoughtful study it may even seem that lie has brought) more than he has taken and done more for us than we can do' for him. Two years ago several million dollars were loft to missions, churches, hospitals arid colleges by John S. .Kennedy. Andrew Car negie has given ten million dollars for hero funds,, fifteen millions for research along lines beneficial to humanity, ten millions for pen sioning. ,teachers, ,lcn millions for interna tiortal peace, hundreds of. libraries, and. now itwonty-fivo millions;,,for any humane purpose. Both; were immigrants, from Scotland. Niels Poulson left half a million, the-other day . to bring Scandinavian. boys to American . col leges. He came here as a poor Danish boy. How foolish to have shut the door on that apostle of liberty, Carl Scliurz. Where would our American music have been had we bar red out Theodore. Thomas and Leopold Dam rosch ? Robert Collyer, John Hall, William Taylor, George. A. Gordpn, Edward. A. Steiner, and S. Parkcs Cadrnan were immi grants. The same is true, in their proportion, of millions whose namos are not known. They have enriched our land with brain, muscle, and manhood. The Scandinavians till1 our western farms.; The Germans have developed nniioiial iiidiis"tries. The'- Irish built rail roads. Italians arc making roads and sub ways. The coal by which you arc warmed was dug deep down in. the earth by the Pole you think shotdd be kept. out. The one tiling that brings lasting satisfac tion to a good man is furnishing an'oppor tunity to another to fulfil himself in largest measure,' and achieve his truest manhood. This is just what we Americans dp for every man1 whoin 'weLwel;ome to our life. For. this many of the young men come—not merely to double wages, as some may think. There is not one-tenth the opportunity to realiso one's self in any country iii Europe that there is here. There is no opportunity at all to become a full-grown man in some na tions we could name. Every time you open the gate to a foreigner you give him oppor tunity at last to be a man. Take the -lews, for instance. In what na tion in Europe, if you except England, Ger many and Italy—and Germany until recent ly offered little! • to the Jew — could Emil Ilirsch, Felix Adler, Edwurd Seligman, Ja cob SchifT, and Stephen Wise have become the men they are ? It was our hospitality that made it possible for. them to rise to such large stature. . .Our hearts glow, with pride when wo visit one. of the schools in Now York, Chicago, or Boston, and see those hundreds of Italian, Slavic and Jowisli boys. For wo hove seen their brothers in the homes of the Old World, and the distanco in man hood and zest of life is immeasurable. • Wo arc, giving thein this opportunity. Do we wisli to: cease, altogether to be a' nation whose glory is that sho takes' the bruised souls of the earth and gives them the chance to bo men ? Was it not Emma Lazarus who came and found her powers in America/and called the nation, "Great mother of men ?" —"Congrcgntionalist and Christian World." Apostasies. Jewish' circles in Galicia arc greatly wrought up over' the announcement that a Madam Opnt shall appear as prima dorina in the Yiddish theatre of Lembcrg, although she hail converted to Christianity in order to. marry in Christian. The public, however, docs not seem to mind, for the lady was received with'applause at her appearance. A still more'gricvanco incident! ig tlie announce ment of thfe conversion to Christianity of one Dr. Eosenfold in Cracow, who only; last year was one'of the loudest agitators in the Zionist camp, and! led the party of the na tionalists in'the last elections to the Eeich srat, denouncing most vigorously the assi milatory tendencies of, the 'official congrega tional -administration'. This ardent .Jew was received into the Catholic Church, and mar ried to a Christian, woman,. One of these outrageous,.cases, which sCem ito be possible in Austria only, occurred . in. Budapest; A Jewish financier, Max von Ncuman, a man seventy-four years of uge, and always con sidered an observant1 Jew, died, and to the surprise of everybody, wus buried with Ro man Catholic rites. The surprise was so much greater,'as not only had .Ncunian' at tended services in' the synagogue during• the past holy days, but lie had reserved for him self a grave next to that of liis wife, in the Jewish cemetery, l't is generally believed that his son,,; who had divested himself of Judaism. nnd;,.pf his name, calling himself do Koeroessy, had his father baptised, when the latter was in. a comatose state, and to add to the fun,of,the occasion, the baptism was performed by a priest,., who is a- converted Jew. It is announced that the Jewish con gregation of. Budapest will take the matter into the courts., ..A somewhat worse case had ,occurred a few ..years; ago, wlion a priest Sn disguise. entered the Jewish hospital , of Budapest, and .baptised, there, the, .dying pfiinter, Biliary, , upon the . request • of his Catholic wife. A case quite analogous to that of Neiimari occurred: last year in Crn ' Co w, when Albert' Mendelsburg, a trustee of the Jewish congregation, and at one time its president, who had never been known to have convorted to Christianity, ivas buried from the Catholic'church, having been bap tised on the instance of his apostate son. Somewhat more precautious, was the action of the von •'Kiibinzkt family,,'who li ad' their father baptised on the death bed, but pro cured, an, affidavit, signed bv a notary, public, that it was done with the consent of the dying man. Of the religion which believes in such methods of conversion, wc have our opinion, without iiavmcr to exoross it in clear words. —"American Israelite." 