Cí¿e|Ukrüscr ADELAIDE: THURSDAY. MAY 16. 191-, j COST OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. It was well understood by those who had studied the financial aspect of the complex Federal form of government that in determining to unite on this basis the Australian colonies would find the new system a costly one, whatever the compensating advantages might be in obtaining leg-in tive and executive organs of the national will. Those who ventured, as we did, twelve or thirteen years ago, to challenge the optimistic estimates of Federal! expenditure put forward by politicians who were eagerly looking towards a broader field for their ambitions were answered with absurd calculations of cost based on the assumption that transferred services would be more economically administered under the new than under the old regime, and that the entirely new expenses of Federation would amount to a negligible trifle. The sanguine idea that a division of powers and functions, with savings in the outlay on State government corresponding to the extent of the transfers, and thrift in Commonwealth administration, would make the luxury of a seventh Government in Australia something for which hardly any payment would be needed, has long since been abandoned. We know now that a small nation of less than five millions has one of the most expensive systems of government in the world, and while there are r few who fail to recognise the absolute necessity, which grows with the years, for Australian union in trade, defence, and many other matters of common concern, public opinion is becoming more and more critical of the machinery by means of which national purposes are attained or pursued. Both in the State and Federal spheres an ex- passionist policy has accompanied the cycle of fat years, but an extraordinary abundance of revenue has in the Commonwealth, more particularly, weakened the ordinary and healthy re trains on official outlays and tended to create a dangerous spirit of extravagance. Noir with the first sharp alarm at the possibility of a drought, the popular demand for a higher degree of efficiency and economy in Federal administration is acquiring additional strength and em shawl. The returns, just published, of the Commonwealth receipts and payments for the first, nine months of 1911-12, are likely to increase public uneasiness regarding the drift in Federal finance. If we could shut our eyes to the fact that the Commonwealth exchequer has been liberally re- plenished from such sources as direct taxation. the note issue, and the retention of large turns formerly paid to the States, it might not mean very much to say that but for a large increase in Customs receipts, for which good times are responsible, it would be necessary to borrow "t once in order that authorised national undertakings might proceed. Without loans it would in ordinary circumstances be impracticable to go on with such works as the Western transcontinental railway and the development of the Northern Territory With such enterprises, however, the Commonwealth is only just beginning, and yet the cost of the Federal administration is rapidly rising to the level of a revenue which owes its inflation to "'boom" times. a stiF land tax. a virtual loan by way of note issue, and the restriction of payments to the State Got comments. During the three quarters ended March 31 there was an advance in Customs receipts of nearly a million and a quarter sterling over the income for the corresponding period of the previous year. The surplus revenue paid to the States was only £4,230,828, against £5,MI,7<14 in the first nine months of 1910-11. is that on this account the Commonwealth gained over £910,00i>. Hen y importation, with a consequently high Customs revenue, is a natural accompaniment of good seasons. Immigration tends also to increase the total, but a season of even comparative depression would, apart from contemplated tariff changes, cause a serious shrinkage in the Customs Department. The land tax, too, may be expected to diminish in proportion to the extent to which its purpose is accomplished. A large population, successfully settled as the land, should of course solve the problem both of Federal and State finance, but. as it is, we have to reckon with commitments both for defence and development which are extraordinarily heavy for a community so small. such conditions states. the need of scrupulous economy in the ordinary work of administration, but the disposition appears to be on the other Luki. to launch out with lavish expenditure in every direction, as though -"insurance. had the purse of For- tunate at command. Analysis of the fringes for the three px third quarters of ETHEL. shows that the expenditure of the CVitnnionv.i'.iJth for ordinary services- via,- ._7.7,*>*.7<C, against ¿'r>_37.3.>5 for the corresponding. period of the previous year. wheN few words. re. counted in .£2JÛ06_v___ against _gl^LS_3, The Federal Treasurer has experienced no actual embarrassment so far; he will probably have this year a considerable surplus to report; but so much money is going, in mere administrative expenses that the future cannot be faced without misgiving. The immediate? causes of the increase of expenditure which appears in practically every department are the. all-round expansion of services, the higher cost of goods, and increases in salaries and wages. If a measure the two last may be unavoidable, though it is a question how far Federal policy is responsible for creating the need j for higher all-round rates of pay-. Salaries; and expenses are provided for on a scale ! of unlimited generosity, as. for instance, in ! connection with the Northern Territory ? appointments, while services are extended,! well-paid positions multiplied, and com-' | missions arranged for, to an extent which is assuredly not justified by proved real ! quirements. The practical side of Federa- ¡ tion demands so much from the financial ! resources of Australia that there is really nothing to spare for ornament and luxury. Defence alone is calling for millions to make it effective, while substantial outlays are essential to the success of develop- mental measures in the Northern Territory. The Federal capital is a foolish and ! untimely extravagance which should not be permitted to divert national funds from such really necessary undertakings. Under the Australian system of union the States are left with functions of great importance, such as the settlement of the land, the construction of railways, water conservation, and public education. There is only one people for the two systems of go , vernment to tax; only one revenue fund I to draw upon; and although the Commonwealth, with its higher responsibilities, is entitled to the first call, it is under the same obligation as the States, to expend the people's money with economy and pru- dence. ____-_-_-_««-_-_ THE OSBORNE JUDGMENT. It was supposed that payment of members of the House of Commons would relieve the Labor Party in Great Britain of most of the embarrassment occasioned by the now famous Osborne judgment. This, however, has not proved to be the case. Payment of members has. it is true, relieved the unions of the necessity for maintaining their Parliamentary representatives out of the union funds, but it has had no effect in solving the bigger problem of the payment of election expenses. As elections are conducted in Great Britain a considerable sum of money is required if seats are to be won, or even retained, and it is the question how this expense is to be met which is exercising the minds of the Labor Party's leaders, Moreover, there is not a great deal of time in which to solve the problem, for though at present there are no indications of an early general election, it is" possible that circumstances may arise necessitating an appeal to the country before: the ordinary date for the dissolution. It the Labor Party have not before then found a way out of their difficulty they may fare badly at the polls. The position is quite different from any previously exist- ing, since in the past the trades unions have had their Parliamentary funds to draw upon. The Osborne judgment, however, has withdrawn from the unions the right they claimed compulsorily to require their members to contribute to the politics! fund. As matters stand at present, to be only course open is to use the money voluntarily subscribed by members for the purpose, but a trial of the voluntary levy system has proved it to be an absolute failure. This is proved by a report made recently by the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, whose voluntary fund account has already been overdrawn to the extent of £1.000. The position of other trades unions is more or less similar. It is the dilemma in which the Labor Party have been placed which has aroused the hostility towards the new Trades Union Bill which the Government introduced last year-and have reintro duced this week to reverse the Osborne judgment. This measure actually confirms the judgment, since it provides for the creation of a Parliamentary fund by the unions, to which the subscriptions must be voluntary. Labor critics complain of the Bill as useless, the failure of the voluntary system having already been demonstrated When the measure was discussed at the annual conference of the Trades Union Congress last year it was condemned as inadequate, and the Congress passed a resolution refus- ing to accept it ''unless amended in such a way as to embody the complete reversal of the Osborne judgment." The Labor Party having thus made it clear that the voluntary system of contributions was un- acceptable, there was much speculation, as to what the Government would do when they again took up the measure. Accord- ing to a cable message published a day or two ago the Bill as reintroduced is practically the same as that which was not proceeded with last year. The voluntary principle which the Labor Party repudiate is retained, and consequently there is no solution of" the difficulty of meeting the organising and registration expenses of elections. In these circumstances it will be interesting to follow the progress of the struggle between the Government and their Labor allies in this matter. THE LATE DANISH KING. Few Coasts have had more widely-read fied dynastic relations than that of Denmark, and the sudden death of King Frederick, announced in our cable news today, will excite regret throughout Europe, and not least among the British people. For he was the uncle of their sovereign and the brother of Queen Alexandra. Indeed, between the Danish and British Courts there is still another tie for the late King's second son, of King Haakon, of Norway, through his marriage with his cousin Princess Maud, is King Georges brother-in-law. Another of the late King's sisters is the mother of the party sent Czar of Russia, and still another the; Queen of Greece. Thus the Danish Court will have several others to share its grief, which will be felt on personal as well as on dynastic grounds. The long reign of his rather, King Christian, had the inevitable effect of curtailing his own. for it delayed his accession till he was well advanced years. Consequently his reign only dates from 1906. Yet, brief as it was it was long enough to stamp him as a blameless sovereign and secure for him alike the re- spect of foreigners and the gratitude of his own subjects. He leaves to his son a peaceful and prosperous heritage, for Denmark, once a cockpit of Europe, has long enjoyed a quiet and an uneventful history. It is many years since its people had Schleswig-Holstein wrested from them and incorporated in the Kingdom of Prussia, and they have bad times almost to forget were that stupendous disaster in the wonderful success which has attended the ex- ploitation of their own resources, especially in the way of dairying, which absorbs the energies of nearly half the population. Indeed, the example of" Denmark is a land- ing rebuke to the preachers of the gospel of aggression, showing as it does that smith news of territory and population it no bar to the acquisition was weakly and contest ment. At the same time, the Danes- have not allowed themselves? to be bullied into a false -case of security, and there is no reason to fear that the spirit which are jointed -hair co_r_fiet>_. resistance to Ger- many would not show itself again in all its brightness and vigor if the day should ever come when the design imputed to the same Power of some day making another mouthful of what remains of their territory should be translated into action. 