JNOTES FROM LONDON (From our Special Representative.) London, July 19. Once more Cocos, a tiny island in the Pacific Ocean, is to be visited by an expedition in search of fabul ous treasures reputed to have been buried there by pirates. Two ladies who were on the island last year are said to have located the position of the hoard, which successive par ties have failed to discover, and a syndicate has been formed to pur sue investigations. At Plymouth the steamer Melmore, a vessel hitherto engaged in the cross-Chanl nel traffic, and having a 10-knot ca pacity, is being fitted out, and will shortly leave for Barry, where she is to take in coal preparatory to sailing for Panama, where she is to pick up the two ladies said to have the key of the situation. Included in the personnel of the' expedition is a cinematograph operator to secure films of the treasure-seekers at work. The exact date of departure from England has not been fixed. An interesting development, if true, is a rival expedition, which, it is re ported, is pushing forward its plans. The promoters of the latter are said to also have plans and drawings of a cave wherein the treasure is to be found, but the story is discredit ed in London. In all there have been 20 expeditions to this treasure island, it being invested with ro mance nearly 'a century ago. It was in 1821 that the notorious pirate Bonita, having ravaged the West Indies and the West Coast of South America, engineered his last coup of capturing the Mexican treasure, the worth of which is estimated at 12 millions. He buried it at Cocos, where, a fierce fight ensuing among his cut-throat crew, he left 15 of them dead, and set sail for the West Indies, in which regions he ended his infamous career. Four teen years- later the British barquentine Mary Dier (CGatain Thomnpsn) was lying in the harbour of Calloo, when the Spaniards evict ed from Peru decided to consign to her 'hold 'for safety their treasure, valued at four millions sterling. The gold seduced the captain and crew, and they, having murdered the trusting Spanish guard, sailed to Cocos. There the treasure was hid den, before the Spanish man-o'-war sent in pursuit captured the cantain and his crew. The captain escaped the fate that overtook most of his crew, and confided the position of his treasure to a Canadian named Keating, who, legend says, twice re covered valuables to the amount of £2000. 'This veritable treasure is land served as the boame for a Ger man, who stayed there 16 years hunting high and low for the pirates' hoards, having obtained a conces sion from the Costa Rican Govern ment, which controls the island. Then, in 1896, Admiral Palliser, of H.M.S. Imperieuse, landed a party of sailors and marines, but without result.: while seven years. later he made a second unsuccessful essay. In 1905 the Admiral was also a mem ber of the expedition under 'Earl Fitzwilliam, which left England in, the Veronique ostensibly to look for potential coalfields, but which was next heard of at Cocos. The aban donment of this quest was due, according to account,. to a fatal landslide, which ca?sed ten deaths,, though others as serted that a rival expedition came on the scene, and a fight ensued be tween the two. This story was strenuously denied by tlie Veronique expedition. Exceptional interest has been taken in the debates at the 23rd' International Congress of Miners, which has just concluded its labours at Amsterdam, and at which 1,159,000 organised miners were represented. Still more interesting would the de bates have been had it not been for the fact that the Continental laws, while allowing trade union meetings; and organisations, forbid the intro duction of politics. The. British and" French delegates had proposed to discuss the possibility of preventing war by an international strike. This might, however, involve some of the delegates present in legal difficul-' ties, so the committee decided that no resolution should be submitted. Hence that which weighed heaviest on the minds of the delegates was' said least about. As a matter of fact, the first political aim on which unanimity prevails is the mainten ance of peace, and to stop the sup ply of coal so as to stop 'var. The miners are confident, that they hold the key of the situation. The v ice-President of the British Fede ration, explaining the position, re marked that if arbitration was pre ferable to a strike much more so was arbitration preferable to war. The Miners' International Committee, he said, would make it their duty to watch the chiefs of States, the financiers, and the newspapers. If at any time they appeared likely to succeed in bringing about a war, a special International Congress of Miners would be convened to see what action they could take to prevent the outbreak of hos tilities. Next in importance to this question was the bear ing of the recent great strike in England on the economic position of miners generally. English min ers had told their allies, at the time of the strike, that a sympathetic strike was not necessary, but that, if they chose tb strike on their own account, they might find it a good opportunty, as they would not have the English coal thrown on their market. This was what was prac tically done in America, according to the States delegation. But in Germany, instead of making com mon caypse with their Genmaia col league,' and with the English miners, the Christian Union of Min ers (Germany) had urged that it was a good opportunity of getting Ger man coals on the English markets. During the discussion allusions were often made to the possibility of a general international strike. Never-' theless, the speakers generally pro. tested against the anarchist proa ganda in favour of a general strike as a panacea for all evils. On the contrary, said some, they would have to be careful to see that these big strikes did not cost workmen more than they did the employers. A French delegate, pointing out that in the course of a couple of years. each 'nation had had a serious strug gle, said that, without asking for greater sacrifices than what had already been made, he simply advo cated international, co-ordination. Among other matters touched upon were the eight-hours day, which was accepted in a resolution passed by the congress, the 48 hours" week, upon, which, however,no opinion was expressed, and pensions for miners. In connection with the last it was stated by the Dutch delegation that premature invalidity and old age were results of their calling, and they, consequently, had a right to sickness and old age pensions, while 'the French delegate desired the Congress to express it self in favour of a minimum pen sion of 1/8 per day for miners who had served 25 years and were 50 years of age. The Congress passed these proposals. A proposal that the insurance scheme should be at the expense of the employers, and that by it miners should receive 75 per cent. of their wages during sick ness, accident, or premature old age, was also passed. Stories of incendiarismn were told .at the conference of professional fire brigad , officers this week, while several exhibits of instruments used by incendiaries were shown. One of the latter was an ingenious I arrangement for an inflammable train which had been discovered, being in the form of a flexible tub ing, and other subtle devices. Among the stories was one of a case in London, in which a lighted candle was set in a case of gun powder beneath a staircase with paraffin saturated strips as a bor der. Luckily, a workman, seeing the light, was able to extinguish the candle. In another case a house was found saturated with paraffin from the second floor to the base ment, and in yet another case it was found that liquid ammonia was used to keep firemen out of the burning building. This, however, failed to effect the purpose. A I fire officer who hails from Singa pore showed that the holding of in quiries into causes of fires m that place had caused\can enormous re duction in the number of cases. He had been fire fighting at Singa pore, he said, since 1905. At the outset he found 75 per cent. were caused deliberately. Everything was used, gunpowder, petrol, and oil, and people were getting 'fire after fire on insured premises. After fire inquests were adopted any two ratepayers could demand an in quiry, and searching investigations soon proved a deterrent to irregu larities. The loss by fires in 1905 was something like £30,000, whereas the average for the last two years had been only £800. The deputation of blind people which waited upon the Postmaster. General this week to urge him to reduce the international postal -'ate for the forwarding of embossed literature for the blind,, was one of the most interesting that has ever made representations to a Minister. It consisted of seven persons, all of whom notwithstanding their in firmity, have won distinction in various walks of life. There was Mr. H. M. Taylor, M.A., F.R.S., F.R.A.S., Fellow of Trinity Col lege, Cambridge, barrister, and ex Mayor of Cambridge, member of the Council of the British and Foreign Blind Association, and Chairman of the Technical and Book Committee of that organisation; Rev. H. J. Marston, M.A., Fellow of Durham University, formerly second master of the College for the Blind, Wor cester, for 15 years rector. of In comb, Gloucestershire, two years incumbent of Belgrave Chapel Lon don, and at present curate in kent; Mr. H. C. Preece, travelling secre tary of the British and Foreign Blind Association; Mi. Walter. A. Dixon, M.A. (Oxon.); Miss Lily Bell, I of the Royal College for the Blind ; Mr. IH. P. Merrick, member of the Council of the Blind Association; and Mi. H1. C. Warnilow, Fellow of the Royal College of Organists. The reason for the appeal for the reduc tion of rates, said Mr. Taylor, was that it would materially assist in furthering the education and train ing of the blind throughout the Em pire, as practically all the embossed literature was produced in England. The connection between sudden solar heat and crime, according to some crimninologists, is close. Cer tainly, if we are to take the cases of personal violence occurring in and around London lately as no more than coincident with the heat wave, the criminologists' contention is borne out by facts. In the first place, it may be remarked that last year the railway strike, with its at tendant violent outbreaks, continued so long as the days and nights were hot., but with a sudden cooling of the weather an end came. But a closer connection would appear to exist in certain cases of murder taking place quite recently, aind each during the spell of very hot weather we have been experiencing. There was the murder of a German in Leicester Square by a woman, the motive being stated as jealousy. There is the mysterious death of a young girl, whose body was found' the other evening on the Yarmouth beach, a shoelace tied tightly round' her throat. So far there is no clue as to the identity of the murderer, but, by a process of elimination, rob bery is put aside, and jealousy or 'something akin would appear to be the motive. Again, there is the case of a quite young girl stabbing another in Islington, because the young man she loved was attracted by the victim. These are only a few of the more recent crimes, but each year one notices that with the warm weather crimes against persons are more frequent than during the more temperate days. The readiness with which some Southern nations resort to the knife apparently pro. vides support for the above theory. London, July 26.; A German 'named Armgaard Karl. SGraves, who stated that he had jractised as a doctor at Truro, South Australia, has just been sen tenced to 18 months' imprisonment. for. offences under the Official Secrets Act. Graves was arrested. 4t a Glasgow hotel some months ago as a suspected German spy, and he hal in his possessiLn a telegraphic code (alleged to be for the purpose of communicating information re lating to the British Navy and land. fortifications), and a note referring to guns under construction for the na j. This somewhat hazardous occupation of acting as a spy is be coming apparently a rather favour ed pursuit over here. It is almost certain that the majority of those acting in this capacity in this coun try are unofficial amateurs, who see their way to net a few pounds by sending to certain Powers infor mnation which may be useful to the latter. There may be many chances of detection, especially when it comes to extracting secrets from naval shipyards and well fortified places, but the payment is almost universally gbod, and the punish ment of a few months incarceration is not excessive in comparison there with. A feature about these cases which strikes one is that so many of these alleged spies have apparently, at one time or another, spent a certain period of their lives it th colonies, and more particu larly in Australia The idea is, of 'course, that if they are able to talk of life, say in Australia, they easily beget confidence, and cover over their real purpose in the country. In thi case of Graves, for instance, he made himself so interesting with his tales of his life in Australia that he ingratiated himself with many people in Scotland,particularly with an Edinburgh chemist, to whom he introduced himself as a doctor from a. hospital in South Australia, and with whom he experimented in regard to the treatment of skin dis eases. In somne quarters in Edin 'burgh the spy represented himself to be a medical student taking a course of instruction in anaesthetics, 'but nothing was known of him at the University, the Royal College of Surgeons, or the Royal Infirmary. When a Dr. Mackay advertised for a locum tenens Graves called upon him, and said he was an "M.B." of South Australia, and seemed very anxious to take the post, but Dr. Mackay decided not to ha.ve him be .cause of his German accent, "which would not do in Leith." The ac cused's talkativeness in one ease roused suspicion, for a post-office cdii •cial thought it very remarkable that he (Graves) should tell him so much about his affairs. "I thought," said the official, "that there must be some purpose in his loquacity." The German took matters throughout the trial very coolly, as, indeed, he had acted throughout the time he was in Scotland. On one occasion he went to the Arts Club with the man ager of the Edinburgh Central Hotel. where he was staying, and was there introduced to the mem 'bers as "My friend, the German spy"-the subject of his being sus peoted being treated as a joke. In support of 'his claim to be what bhe represented himself to be, accused produced in court envelopes addre ss -ed to "Dr. Graves, Truro, South Australia," and an invitation card from the Barossa Lodge of Free masons inviting him to a gathering at Truro. When sentenced, his re mark was, "Exit Aramgeard Karl Graves ! Well, it has been a fair trial." "This conference, in view of the present labour unrest, is deeply im pressed with the duty of the church to expound the evangelical and so cial teaching of the Bible as to the brotherhood of humanity and the re sponsibilities and perils attaching to wealth. It reaffirms its conviction that the a;equate supply of the phy sical needs of the workers must be the first charge upon every in .dustry, and it believes that such pro vision is necessary if the normal re sponsibilities of the workers, men .and women, are to be adequately discharged and the spiritual possi "bilities of their lives realised." 'Thus runs the resolution which the Wesleyan Conference passed with a great majority and, in moving which Mr. Arthur tenderson, M.P., re marked that the problem of social unrest had reached a stage where it 'could not possibly be ignored. It wa, he said, so comprehensive in scope, so unparalleled in intensity, so menacing in its tendencies as to .concern all classes of the' com munity. While this speaker deplored some of the incidents arising out of the unrest, he welcomed the unrest itself, which indicated the presence of evils, social and econonmic, that called loudly for redress, and it represented the impossibility of the great body of workers to receive equity and justice. The three facdts requi'ing facing were the increased cost of lhving, the stationary charac-. ter of wage income, and the develop ment of national wealth. They, as a church, he asserted, must be pre pared to affirm that there was no affinity between the love of God and the deplorable social con ditions of to-day. The other side of the picture was painted by the Rev. I. L. Yorke, of Liverpool, who urged that while talkihg of the re sponsibilities of wealth they should not forget to remind themselves ahbount loyalty to leaders, broken contracts, and the evils of strong drink. While Sir Thdor Walters, M.P., agreed with the reverend speaker as to an undesirability of bringing "politics to the pulpit." he recognised in the growing increase and power of wealth '"a grave and perilous thing." If they refused to pass the resolution, said the ex president (Dr. Haigh),they would be recreant to their/ privileges and to their highest duty. In the House of Commons this week Mr. Philip Snowden, M.P., a Labour meaober, asked the Secre tary of State for the Colonies if the High Commissioner for Australia had eommunicated to him the con tents of a message from the Minis ter for External Affairs, in which it was stated that no cases of i::zni grants being rejected f- r slight physical defects, such as short sight, ]had occurred, and whether the IColonial Secretary had received a communicati, n from a British work man, now residing at Whalley, Lan cashire, who was refused a landing in West Australia on the ground of short sight, though he had for, the last twenty years never lost a day's work through sickness or phy sical inability to earn his living,and, if so, what action did the Colonial Secretary propose to take in the matter? The reply of the Colonial Secretary (Mr. Harcourt) was that he had received the statement re ferred to from the High Commis sioner of the Commonwealth, and he had also received two let ters from a resident of Whalley, complaining of his rejection, and that statement he had communicat ed to the Government of the Com monwealth. Apropos of emigration, it is in teresting to note that the official figures give the number of people who have left the United Kingdom for the oversea dominions during the last six months as 167,528, which total exceeds that for the first half of last year by 6,686. Besides that number nearly 60,000 left for the United States. The largest in crease took place in the emigration to Australia, and whereas in the first half of 1911, 26,972 went to the Commonwealth, this year the num ber was 38,282. An increase in re spect of New Zealand brought the total of 4558 entering that country in the first half of last year to 4839 this year. The '106,401 British im migrants to Canada represe ntE a decrease of over 5000 in the six months. This is an age of international efforts to deal with subjects of all degrees of importance. The Inter national Eugenics Congress, which is meeting in London this week, is reimarkable,in the first place because eugenics is practically a new sci ence, which, in the words of Major Leonard Darwin, is but "the appli cation of the principles of evolu tion." Or, again, eugenics may be expressed in this way: Two great factors influence life, heredity and environment. Eugenists choose to deal with the former, not depreciat ing or taking from the value of the .work already being carried out in betterment of the second, but taking the factor which seemingly is most neglected. Any steps that we may take to improve racial characteristics will undoubtedly benefit future millions. Therefore, to eugenists, to en deavour both to study the laws of heredity and practically to apply the knowledge to the regulation of life seems to be the paramount duty owing to posterity. Perhaps the matter may be made more clear if 1 give briefly a few of the views of various speakers at the congress. -t was stated that the first efforts of eugenists is to establish such a moral code as would ensure that the wel fare of the unborn should be, held in view in connection with all ques tions concerning marriage and the organisation of the State. Then again, the President, referring to the knowledge that natural selection, or nature playing the part of breeder in refusing to breed from inferior stock in the case of cattle, said that we by our social methods were at tempting to prevent further pro gress along those lines. The unfit are no longer necessarily killed off by hunger and disease; they are cherished with care, and enabled to reproduce their kind, however bad that progeny may be. ,While we could not voluntarily go back to the law of natural selection, it was weak ness and folly to feel satisfaction at succouring distress without at the slame time considering the effects likely to be produced on future generations. A Cambridge professor of biology, for instance, held that there was every reason to expect tlhat a policy of strict segregation would rapidly bring about the elimination of feeble-mindedness. Of epilepsy the same would appear to be true, for it was stated that where there were two epileptic parents defectives were al ways produced. The hon. secre tary of the Danish Eugenics Com mittee said tha~t the radical method of coping with the progenitive ten dency of epileptics was complete sterilisation, but another way adopted with great success in Den mark was the establishment of land colonies where the sexes were segre gated, and where it had been found Spossible to induce diminution of hypertrophy of sexuality by the pro vision of a tranquil atmosphere. To sum up the views: Conscious selec tion must replace the blind forces of natural selection ; men must util ise the knowledge of the past in order to promote moral and physi cal progress in the future; and there must be segregation of the unfit, so as to render impossible the recurrence of hereditary taints and the production of unit progeny. I What is done in the case of cattle, with certain limitations imposed by our moral obligations to all men, shoull be done, said the speakers at 1 the Congress, with the race, if we I are to build up the future perfect race. We are told by eugeniscts (or at least, by some students of 1 science) that upon the outcome of the studies which the Congress is meant to promote depends the an swer to the question whether civilis ation is to go on or perish. But eugenists are not the first who havre tried to deal with the maladies of human . ciety, and they will find in earlier experiments that it has been found necessary to resort to methods from which they would probably recoil in order to obtain the ends to which their speculations point. To play Providence to a race of men is rather a big under taking, and it calls for more drastic and thorough revision of accepted and cherished ideas than the eugen ists are apparently aware of. 