ON THE LAND. AGRICULTURAL, PASTORAL AND HORTICULTUAL AMERICAN AGRICULTURE -—»— LESSONS TO BE LEARNED AUSTRALIA'S FUTURE TKa special representative of jfee "Syd ney Morning Herald," who lias been in vestigafing American methods of agrieul ture, draws a comparison between the United States and Australia. Says the writer:—The opinion generally expressed by those who have paid a visit to other countries is that Australia, as as good as, if not better than, most of them. And after dispassionately considering: the merits of all of them no other condoision •nan. possibly be arrived &L; Giving full .weight and prominence to occasional bad years, as an agricultural country Ausfea lia more than hold its own. The qtiestion of whether Australia is a bet ter country than others, however, is not ■the main thing. It is important from an immigration point of view, but to those who have already settled here and intend to remain the question that most rntgnA<d« them is how they can best im prove their methods and enlarge their returns. In the previous articles I 3ia.ve merely referred to wiial has jnte sested me most as an agriculturist, and described the most conspicuous features in the practice of farming, principally in the United States and in Denmark. 'These two countries were selected for a special season. In the case of the former the elimati^ conditions and the crops grown correspond, in many places, to those Australia must place her depen dence .upon, while wrtli the latter it stands to-day as the most pwgreesive and advanced agricultural country in the 'world, and at has attained its eminence not because of its natural suitability, but in spite of its many natural disadvan tages. Denmark's Supremacy. To deal with the latter first, Denmark owes its agricultural supremacy first- and foremost to co-operation. The explana tion given by a celebrated Scottish agri culturist who visited Denmark as a spe cial commissioner, that the three causes of the marvellous progress that country <has made were:—ft) Co- operation; (2) co operation; and (3) cooperation is, in the main, correct. It is eo-operation that faas enabled them to improve their farm ing methods as well as their selling me thods. And that is a point that is ioo inequently overlooked. We who look for 3ur salvation, to co-operation will find thai it is going to increase our annual returns enormously ; but -eventually (rf ever the principle ie consummated). me Biods wis be improved and production increased. Co-operation to-day is me Australian fanner's greatest need. The evils against which the Danish dairymen and -the Califorrrian fruilgmweis strug ^ed so desperately for years are threaten ing *us. ■ Our isolation and Temdteness ifrom our markefcsacoeniuate our danger. 5Ati officer who investigated the lemon in ■dastzy along the Mediterranean fitioral a 'jyear or "two ago reported that California, 'with its high-priced labor, could com ■pete successfully against the cheap Euro pean labor, because the industry was or ganised. "Between the time the fruit leaves the orchards and ite reaching the hands of the consumer it has to pay com n lifts Km five or six tames." Six or^even men, in other words, have to extract their profit from it before any comes to the producer. Denmark suffered the same experience with its -butter. AuebaEan Produceffs' Obstacles. Australia is paying toll on all her ex ports: The commission. agent wa^es fat upanihe labor of the -farmer. The man who grows the stuff concerns him self in no way with the disposal of it Dp to the present the fanner has not been. disposed to bestir himself, and the agent is not likely to kick. Provided the agent leaves us with sufficient to live upon we are content. We gmmble, but -we do not resist. Our dairy farmers have made some attempt at combined ef fort, but in almost emery one of their ^gJ*>eanente_the essential principle is lacking. ■ They band themselves into co operative societies, butthey do not bind themselves. The principal executive offi efjs of the Danish and Californian asso ciaaons interned me that it was the penal ceansegot ijje agreement that kept the organisations together for the first few years. Itmtist be clear to «*«eryone that without Each proviBkms as faeasy flnw for tiioSe wbo join a. society and then Bell their produce through private chan nels the society *must quickly crumble away: ■ "And that is why our co-operative societies have not taken complete posses sion at the dairying indnsliy throughout onr eastern States. A fanner joins a Bocieiy, but the following week a pro prietary firm w31 offer slightly more than current rates for his cream, and the farmer accepts. The proprietary firm ma&SB; good thai extca little bit in a very short 'time, with a little to the good, and the co- operative society is weakened. It is strong only in numbers; not in in fluence. The associations are disinte grated, and farmers cannot bring their combined weight to bear in tfaeir nego tiations with the shipping companies, wilh thelocal sellers, or with the foreign buyers, '-it is . the same with ail our other ^xporte—wheat, mutton, and tiuit. The proauoer relies upon the agent, and he is ever at his mercy. From the point of view of commercial economy, and granting thai every agent was as honest as the day, the present system is the most expensive; to the producer and to ihe consomer. State Inaction. The injdiSerenoo of the farmer to co operation is, however, his own affair. The indifference of State or Federal depart ments to ti>e transportation of out pro ducts is another matter, and one which affects the future °f our industries- Be cause the «hipR which trade with Aus tralian ports ae now fitted with refri geration chambers we sit back and ac cept thie as the scfto&on; of our transpor tation problems. America, with a 10 <3 ays' voyage, and with such hardier stuff as wheat and maize, has found that it has paid her handsomely to investigate the causes of the change the produce under goes AnTTng - transit. Australia, relying largely on its batter and ite fruit, two. Oft. he most, easily perishable forms of produce, does nothing. The producer or the exporter who pays for refrigerator spao& may or may not get it. He has no check upon the companies. Orchardists have repeatedly asked for Eel [-recording thermometers which would indicate the exient and nature of the fluctuations of temperature between Australia and Europe. Even that trifling innovation has not yet been received. Every year the question of securing, space recurs. The shipping companies regret' that the arrangements cannot he altered, and the produce suffers. These are our main dif ficulties. It is not a matter of our dis tance from the markets, but one of our inability to improve our transportation. As for disposal of our produce abroad this is a question which cannot easily be settled. That producers ,do lose, and lose heavily under the existing arrange ments, is generally admitted, tot what new eyntem is to be desired to meet the ease is one that only a commercial man -with -a knowledge of the conditions ob taining in London and elsewhere can de cide. Selling and Transport. With co-operation the present troubles would be obviated, but without it some one else must provide a remedy. Every one who has sold even as little 38 a of oranges knows the «vils of the commis sion system and the inability to discover what the fruit actually sold for, and when thousands of boxes, maybe, are be ing disposed of 16,000 miles away, one needs to have a great deal of faiih in human nature. Our difficulties for the present all lie in the direction of selling and transport. Tliat. our produeaon in. marly branches is extraordinarily low in comparison with other countries is no cause for alarm. It does not prove that our country or even our climate is deficient. What it does suggest is that our methods are not the best. Aryl unquestionably they are not: We have not yet felt the press of competrtkHij and, until stimulated, by necessity, we are not likely to show any improvement. In individual cases, where energy and ambition are the driving forces, farmers will obtain results that will surpass the efforts of farmers in any country of the world. With the majority, however (and it is only where better methods become general that the aver age of production is increased), there appears to be little prospect of a, change. In Australia a comfortable ex istence is easily won from the soil, and the majority are content with thai. They can raise stock without recourse to arti ficial feeding, and they prefer to do that rather than to increase their profits by cultivation. Australia's Opportunity. As Australia begins to fill up its empty areas the economic conditions 'rail change, and so the methods will improve. It has the land and the climate to grow almost any product to perfection. This is a bold statement, but it is true. An exhibit of Australian products which travelled the principal shows of Great Britain last year was so good that some of the English farmers doubted its gen uineness. Thai exceJlent wheat, fruit, butter, and wool could all be produced from the one farm it would hawe been madness to attempt, to prove to them. At the Royal Show at Inverness some of the Scottish farmers who saw Austra lian fine wool for the first time, doubted whether it was not silk. Up in the Highlands many of the black-faced sheep grow a covering more resembling goats' hair than wool, mr) it is no wonder that they were incredulous. It was ranch the same with other products. One to leave Australia to find how good Aus tralian products really are. Here we be come accustomed to good butter, and to wholesome and attractive fruit A sample of beautifully plump and flinty grain censes no. remark. It is what we see everywhere, and it is typical of onr produce. In Europe the climatic condi tions are against the production of such T fruit or of such grain. And with land the comparison is> all in our favor- What we despise as third-rate land would be at once converted into arable land in Western Europe. Our quality, because of climate, must always be superior. Our quantity, so long as our present methods continue, will always be comparatively low. When we adopt the methods of Denmark in dairying and of California in fruit-growing, we will overcome the competition of any country in the world. 