AUSTRALIAN BOY) SCOUTS. WATTLE DAY. To-day is 'TVattle Day,' when every pa triotic scout and Scoutmaster will wear a sprig of wattle in his coat. The golden bloom is the emblem of which we are justly proud. It is hoped that all country and city troops will take an active part in any celebrations held to- day, and that every Scoutmaster and scout on parade will have a tiny sprig of wattle in his hat. Troop colours should be carried, and in each instance surmounted by a sprig at tached co the staff. —Promotions.— Scoutmaster S. W. Dutton. 1st City (0. B.I.) Troop, to Acting Quartermaster; da ted 26/8/12. Troop-Leader Hagan, 1st. Se maphore Troop, to Assistant Scoutmaster; dated, 20/8/12. ?—State Executive.— The executive met at Our Boys' Institute on Monday evening. Pa;s lists for pro ficiency, badges, &c;, as approved by t-he Metropolitan Board of Examiners, were en dorsed. The report of the board of en quiry into the Quartermasters' Department wa3 received and fully considered. It was resolved to thank the members for the manner in which they had conducted their exhaustive work. The statement was re ferred to tie Acting Quartemaster for his| attention. Two promotions were approved 1 of. The Staff Scout-Inspector reported ; upon immigration and employment. It | was decided that formal approval of the South Australian Scoutmasters' Association could not be given until a copy of its ob jects and bylaws had been lodged with the executive. —Personal.— Assistant CoTOaisjioTier E. C. S. Lindsay, S.W., retired from Moont-a last week. Scoutmaster R. Murphy, 1st Kensington Troop, left Adelaide ou Thursday for a ' brief visit to Melbourne and Sydney. Scout master Rigney, 1st. Manoora Troop, is staying in Adelaide for a few weeks. Mr. E. J. Apps (Treasurer Australian Boy Scouts) will shortly leave Adelaide, accom panied by Mrs. Apps, lor a trip to Eng- . land. I —Danish Scout^.— | The Boy Scouts in Copenhagen receive ; regular training in ambulance work from the First-Aid Corps. The Danish First Aid Corps is organized ou the same E3-stem as our fire brigade. It has ambulance sta tions, where are kept motor ambulances fitted out with equipment for dealing with every conceivable manner of accident. Each smbulance scation is in direct telephonic communication with the other stations, as well as with the police, and the motor am bulances can turn out witihjn 30 seconds cf an alarm being given. Our brother scouts in Copeniajren are indeed fortunate in hav- ; ing such splendid opportunities of gaining a thorough knowledge of first-aid work. — Honours List. — First Sea Scouts (O.B.I.) Crew— Coxs- wain Lenthall, seaman. 1st. City (O.B.I.) Troop— Leader, C. Yarrow; cyclwt. Leader B. Witt; electrician, missioner; Corp. t. Church, electrician, ambulance; Scout G. Twining, electrician, master-at-anns. —King's Challenge Banner,— Troops have now only a month in which to finish the competition for. the Iunp Challenge Banner for the best 'troop in the Commonwealth. The 1st City (O.B.I.) have added eight more proficiency badges this week. Scoutmasters are reminded that the ranks of the respective scouts should be entered against their names when forwarding in lists oC names for tne Gazette. —Special Executive Meeting.— A special meeting of the executive will be held at Our Boys' Institute on Monday evening, and every member is particularly requested to attend. — Life-Saving Fireworis.— Sea Scouts should make a careful (study of the various types of fireworks used in the Royal Navy and Mercantile Marine for signalling with at night. Each line of stea mers has its own private code, and in addi tion there are a number of fireworks sig nals which may# be used as a means _o£ intercommunication between ship and ship, or, ship and shore. —The Earl of Clarendon's Opinion.— 'I can conceive of nothing more useful or more practical than the Boy Scout movement, and it is deserving of sympathy and encouragement from all who have at heart the interest and welfare of their youthful compatriots. The _ varied pro gramme carried out at rallies is laying the loundation of useful citizenship, and for those who take part in the practical and interesting displays, it is giving oppor tunity of joining the ranks of those who not oni'y consume, but also produce the fruits of the earth.' —Scoutmasters' Association.— All Scoutmasters and assistant Scoutmas tera connected with the Australian Boy Scouts aire eligible for membership of the South Australian Scoutmasters' Associa tion. Full particulars in regard to the or ganization are obtainable from the Secre tary, Acting Qmr. S. W. Dutton, c/o O4iJ., Wakefield street, Adelaide. . —Troop Reports.— Troop reports come in for gazetting in a most spasmodic manner. We have, either a feast or a famine, and while last week gave us satisfaction, this time we have to be content with only 'bare bones.' If Scoutmasters would only make a little trouble and arrange for particulars to be sent in regularly, appointing a special scout aa troop 'reporter,' matters would work much more smoothly. We should like to have news again from Tailem Bend, Mount Lofty, Morgan, Waikerie, Torrens ville and 2nd City (Boys' Brigade) Troops. 1st Kensington Troop.— On account of Scoutmaster Murphy's absence from the State the parade ordered for this afternoon is cancelled. 