tos OF THE WEEK. (Mrs. M. Alburey. hanged lierself at Jones Island, Manning Riveiv ?Elizabeth Mary Denton, wife of a warder at Dubbo Jail, was. accidentally frowned in the Macquarie River, - M rs. Rose :Hjicks:-.(54)\'^as^iaccidentally .jtttiled by a' tram at Alberton, South Aus Itrhlia. George Murphy, a sawmill employee ? at Coramba, was drowned in the Orara ll'rver. ? ' ' ? ... ? ?- * ~ jrane Dodd .'(53) . was burnt to death at Ballarat North through her 'clothing lading fire. ^ ? iirho issue ofrCommonwealth bank notes had at the end of February reached a total pi*; £.10, 095,160, .. . W; J. Reynolds, employed Jn wellsink big-, near Coonabarabran, was accidentally killed last Thursday. — - ... . Fred Darcy(29) was killed In a mine at ig/bolgar, near -Menzies, W.A. ' Deceased came from 'Walhalla, V. ~ _ A fire in the storeroom at Victoria Bar racks.- Sydney, destroyed rifles, uniforms, etc., of the value of about' £1000. Samuel J. Lucas, a saddler, of I-Iornsby, near Sydney, was arrested at Melbourne last week on a -charge of bigamy. At Cooee Creek, Tasmania, James -jglark (38) fell -'from a dray he was driv 5&g;, and sustained fatal injuries. Jt is estimated that damage to plan jtations and buildings at Tonga, done, by K. recent- hurricane, totals £ 00,000. While crossing the Namoi bridge at Walgett, a traveller named Fleming fell 85ft., breaking liis ja\v and both legs, and Bust a i ningsevere injuries to 'his head, k In a collision at Brisbane' between a Iffam-oar and -a horse vehicle, Wnv Crjikei-, the driver:,of the latter, was fatally in-' junHl. i. N.S.W. iGovernor - ^Chelmsford visited' Goulbtfrn -last Wednesday, and ' formally derlared^open the ,nejs^.^olaitipn .,-ward- at tlie loc-al - hospi { ai. .. : X— f' ?'??? ? J ' * Hose MiiiKlay^Cll ):, a visitor from Shop pa rt on, was '''drowned thr ou gh. the capsize of a rowing- boat in the Mitchell River, jiear Bairnsda!e,';V|' ' . Frail k Parkhurst, a pantry-boy on R.M.S- Otway, fell into a bold of that ves ee'l while at Sydney, and sustained a emous-frac.ture.of therskun,/ , ../ John' Udri;is,' '' 'conyjcfpid; of . ,'u taring a forced £5 bank note, .was sentenced by Murray at the Sydney Quarter. Ses pio' s to . four years'- 'hard labor. ./'While being driven to a fire at: Latin - cfcston the fire brigade's horse-cart cap sized, seriously injuring firemen named Snmwix and Stroud. ? \ ' 'During February births in the Sydney metropolitan area totalled 1466, and j deaths 501.' This was at the rate of 27 per 1000 of population. I During a auarrel at Slieppafton.. i-v ic /'toria, ' between two travelling laborers fjnamed Green and Large, the former was ^Willed. Large was arrested. _ I 'The N.S.W... Public. Disaster . Relief ' IVund has received contributions- of nearly js-£550 toward the relief of 'the ' 'stiff brers (from the Wyalong mining disaster. T-wb- -cadets at '.Perth, who had refused to parade . on Foundation Day, and had JaRsuiilted others who did so, were fined /f6Ss„ with costs -A. While bathing- on the Newcastle beach last week -Samuel Shaw (51), lately pro prietor of the. Cockle Greek boat sheds, suddenly., collapsed and died. 'J'hq, Norwegian ship Geziria, which mic-hed- Sydney from Callao 'on Sunday, reported that on February 8 Harluf Balle (-1), a Danish sailor, was lost overboard. The third trial at Melbourne of Dr. ASamuel Peacock, on a charge of having ' Tiiurdered Mary Margaret Davies on August 22 last, ended in a verdict of not guilty. Alif-o Wilson. iv if ft of a- mull contra p. t-nr at Evans Plains, near Bathurst, shot her self dead last week. She had been in ill health for some time and feared she was going blind. A^'i'lie dead body oi Thomas Bell, an elderly man, who had escaped from Prince Alfred Hospital,, when about to be taken to a reception house, 'was found in the surf at Coogee. In Elizabeth-street, Sydney, last Wed-' nesday, Jack Plasto (29), of Paddington, attempted to board a moving: .tram-car. He was thrown under the wheels and killed instantly. ? A child of two and a-lialf years, named George Lawson. died in St.- Vincent's Hcs iptal, Sydney, from fracture o. the skull sustained through falling from a balcony at his parents' residence. A i.eamstev named Harvey was, jammed, against a bank by a wheel of his waggon on the Nattai mountain road. His. rhigh jjvas broken and he was taken to the Yer S^iderie .Hospital in a bad state. At Germanton, N.S.W., last Wednesday, a i'ire destroyed ten business.*places, doing damage estimated at about £800 (f. 'The promises ., burnt and damaged constitued. til--* business centre of the town. Tasman Menzies (22), who had met with an jaccident and been.- eccentric for -VKomo time in consequence of this, com i^j^ted suicide at his father's liome in HOiiart. A discovery of natural gas emanating from an. extensive area of country is re ported to have been made at Vailala River, Papua. It is- thought that it may Indicate the presence of petroleum. James Iiortle (25), a well-known foot baller, was killed, near Casterton, Vic toria. lie was seated on a canoe, which w as being conveyed on a cart, when the mehiele capsized, crushing in his chest. Wilfred Thomas Price, a farmer at Ker ang, Victoria, who* on January 4 threw a piece of 'wood at his wife for net milking fast enough, and thus caused her death, was found guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced to eight years' hard labor. Before.-, the Singleton Licensing Court last week, John McMenamin asked for a publican's' license for premises known as the l-Yeemason's Arms Hotel, which had £-een closed by the court on September 30, The grounds advanced in . support the application were that there was feot enough hotel accommodation within a ?pile of the premises; and that since the ?icense had been determined , th.erc had ?teen a large increase in. the population. ?&e; application was refused. W. Neal, a Bathurst jockey, -while Riding at 'Wallerawang races,, had his seventh serious arcidentr his left arm being- broken in two places through the fall of his mount. ?* --- .- v . ' As compared vA\'itii the net' revenue of NJ3.W. for February, 1911, the. revenue for the month just closed -shows '-an increase, of £262:033, the figures being £883,879 for February, 1911, -and £l,-l-45;912 for Febru ary, 1912. At an inquest regarding the fatal burn-, ing of Margaret Saint, of- Paddington, whose clothing took . fire while sha was lin-lit iiia- ;i. fire with tlie aid~orf metiivlated spirit, a verdict of accidental 'deatli was returned. ^ John Lacey, a Queensland aborigine, was charged at the Glebe Police- Court last Thursday with committing^' a . brutal assault on a woman of 94 years named Amelia Goldsmith. ? He was committed for trial. ... A boy of 16, employed at a chemist's shop in Auckland, N.Z., poisoned himself with prussic acid. He left a note to his mother saying he was a rank failure and could not get on. He had, however, been accounted a very bright, intelligent lad. Edward Plunkett (40) was committed for trial from Newcastle last week on u charge of uttering counterfeit-coin. It was stated in evidence that when arrested he had in his possession 20 counterfeit sovereigns. .' Under a' by-law' issued by .the -Sydney City Council last week, persons wearing protruding hatpins, whilst standing or walking in the streets, are liable to a maximum penalty of £10 on conviction of any such bffence. Wagga Js suffering from a polluted water supply, the main cause of the trouble'' being mining operations higher up the river. The sanitary inspector has' re- ported that bad drainage also is causing trouble in several parts 'of 'the town, u Richard Fraser Lambden (30), 3 larmer, who in Februar5\~ 1910, was sentenc. d at Aaeiaiae to 10 years imprisonment ior ^hooting at his wife, was released last week on finding sureties in £250 that he would not again molest his wife and family) . ; A fire, said to have been causecN by children playing with matches, broke out on Saturday in part of the premises of the Australian.. Smelting Company, at | Port Kembla. A quantitj' of machinery! was considerably damaged. At Moree during February an uncom monly high and, constant temp.erature was experienced^ -the : average for the month being 100- degrees in the shade. On 1G days during' the month records varied between 100 and 108 degrees. The Collier 'Helen Nicoll, while berth ing in Catherine Hill Bay, near Newcastle, on: Saturday morning, struck some' ob struction, thought to. be the remains of a steamer which sank there some years ago, and had several holes knocked in her' hull.'' ..... ; Samuel Smith Parker, an immigrant, who admitted previous conviction in IDhg land, was charged at Sydney -'Central 'Po- lice Court, with larceny as a bailee of tli^ sum of £2 13s. Gd., money received by 'tlio sale of vegetables for Charles Barker, lie was sentenced to three'montlis' hard labor. ?Mary 'Ann Parker, of Collingwood, was tried at Melbourne last Wednesday on a charge of having murdered Lilian May 1-Ioldich, of Fil/.roy, by means of an illegal operation. The jury disagreed, and the accused was remanded to the next sit tings of the court. ' J. M. Taylor, M. A. . chief examiner for the N.S-W. Department of- Public Instruc tion, was appointed last week to the posi tion of acting-member of the Public Ser viee Board for a term of 12 month?.. The appointment will probably be'.:oii-.e per manent. at the end of that time. At . Natte l'allock, Victoria, William Evans (.58), a farmer, quarrelled with his son. After the latter had allegedly taken a revolver from him, he seized a hay-fork. The son and father tl^en had a struggle and fell against a fence. Shortly after the father lay down on his bed and died. The wife .of John Grumley, a railway employee at Mafl'ra, .Victoria, has been arrested on, a charge of wilfully murder ing her stepson, a boy of four and a-lialf years, of age. It is reported that she admitted beating the child with a green hide whip, and knocking him - against a post. ? . ' During a violent thunderstorm that oc curred 'over the metropolitan area of Syd ney ' last Thursday afternoon, 4.16in. of rain fell. Overflow water did considerable damage to stock in several business ; places. The electric tram wires in George street wore struck by lightning, , and several cars were temporarily put out of i action. . . T.-J. Waters, secretary of the Newcastle Butchers' Employees' Union, in a letter to a Singleton paper, called iW. G. Bailey, a butcher of that town, a ' Pecksniff' and a ' Tom Pinch.' For this Bailey claimed £400 damages and was awarded £75 by .the local district court- From which it .would appear that knowledge of Dickens should be tempered with discretion. In presenting prizes for their first year's' work to cadets at the; Duntroon Military College,' General Kirlcpatrick spoke highly of the. satisfactory personal conduct of the students. . The Acting-Commandant also | praised the lads' conduct, the progress j they had made in their studies, and the j good sense with which they had adapted I themselves to military discipline. j Charles II. Brackenbin-y, lately a j N.S.W- railway service employee, was | charged at the ^Sydney Water Police j Court with having stolen a pair of boots from a locked' case left at Wahroonga railway station by IT. Pentecost, of. Gun nedah. Accused, who -had been in the employ of the Commissioners s .for twelve years, pleaded guilty; and was fined £5, with the alternative of six weeks' hard labor. At Coonamble Quarter Sessions, be fore Judge Gibson and a jury, John Fleming claimed £400 damages from A. T. Blackett and Co., on the ground. .'th^ he had been knocked down. and injured ljj' defendant's motor car ? while walking on a footpath in the street. It was alleged, in defence, that the accident had been due, ' not to ' negligence, but to A.',,T. Blackett's efforts 'to avoid knocking down a man- in ;the street, during, which his/ car - swerved on-, to the lootpath. Finally a verdict by consent was given l'or £95, 'A ganger named Charles Colin Collier, employed on the railway deviation at Breadalbane, near Goulburn, was run over and killed by a tram on Saturday night. ', ? Leonard Stephen Daniel, arrested at J Balmain,' Sydnej*, on a charge of leaving South Australia without providing.main tenance for his child, was sentenced at Adelaide to six months' hard labor. The steamer Ilimitangi, running be tween Wellington and the Chatham Is lands, has been missing for over three weeks. Several vessels have, been des patched by the N.Z. Government -in earch of lier. The French barque Eugenie Fautrell, 1945 tons, .was seized by the Sydney Water Police on Monday under a. warrant issued by the Admiralty Court. The ves sel -is lying at Point Piper laden with wheat, and is at. present, in charge of a deputy-marshal of the Court. While out shooting near . Newnes, a 3'oung 'fellow named Mortimer and a companion rested their guns against a rock they were : climbing. .Mortimer, in reaching down for these, knocked both down, causing them to go off. One charge struck him in the groin, exploding two cartridges he had in his trousers pocket, and killiner him almost instaht.lv:' In the Central Police Court, Sydney, Frank W. M. Cain, who had represented himself as member of a station-owning family at Boggabri, was convicted of ob j taining from the wife of a Sydney publi can the sum of ' £ 18 10s. by false pre tences. He was sentenced to six months hard labor. On a charge of obtaining another sum by means of a valueless cheque he was committed -for trial. Tho Minister for Home Affairs having found -difficulty Ln-securing^ -.'a room large enough for. a display of all tlie ^competing designs for ... the?' Commonwealth capital, the Governor-Geiieral, Lord Denman, of feredrthe use of the ?ball-room at Govern ment House. This , was accepted) ' and after the board of adjudication has made its .examinationso'f the designs;*? they -will be rtiirown -open^for public inspection. At Bathurst Quarter - Sessions - last Thursday an appeal was heard against j the action of tlie Lithgow Licensing Court ! in granting a license for a second hotel at Newnes. This was supported by evi dence to show that one hotel wris ample for the requirements of the district, in which there had been a great falling-off in population. The appeal was sustained? the additional license . being- disallow'ed. At Bathurst Quarter Sessions, on Thursday, evidence in a charge of as sault in a railway carriage, laid against Jamii-i. Gixligau,.- a. Connamble farmer, by a widow named Eliza Lcisk, was con cluded. The jury, after being locked up ail nignt, failed to agree and were dis charged. Accused was released on bail to appear at' next Quarter Sessions, or wherever the Attorney-General may ap point. .. At the Bourke. police court, on Monday, Lloyd Surrey, on . two charges of interfer ing with a. water,. meter, through which his premises were supplied from the municipal -council's main, was lined in a total of £5, with costs. On a further charge of wasting wa£er lie. was fined £1; In giving his verdicts on the cases the police magistrate said that if defendant had been proceeded against for stealing water he would have been liable to five months' imprisonment. A heads-on collision, occurred last week on the private line connecting the works of the Commonwealth Oil Corporation with the Newnes railway station. A motor-car : fitted with flanged wheels was- conveying I a number of persons to the railway sta- j tion, when, in a cutting on the line, an in- , ward bound train was sighted. Tliough brakes were instantly applied by both I drivers, motor-car and engine met with j considerable force, and several of the pas sengers in the former were thrown on the track. The driver of the car was knocked about, and sustained a dislocation of the foot; others received cuts and bruises. Dr. Peti'ie, Professor of Science at Sydney University, who sprang off the car before the impact, had several ribs fractured. 