28EVITIB. [?] MO.MO cubic feet. anu MS how PmTr * '' !%? Danish Lower House has carried .. . ?BOlmnl to the Constitution, jra'tlni ,1. *M* lo women of twtnij-flT, «!-, oM -£* certain m.*'uro )D '*« Vpper House i- m*. Mr. Wloston Churchill declared, tn an ,1 twu aoinf more than any other arc-new in hin-i The Firm Lord ol the Admiral!}-, m , ,BMC.. ?» Saturday, stated that Britain V.« „„!': tun--,-* - plM**r-*s--*i-* „,...?-.,,. u, '' ?'« .-arw great, and the colonies drawing ?™,Jr 41* Th« 'ObacrvrV1 auibarliatlm-ljr states thi «rtrtta to Admiral BrldRcman's absence inroub illness, when the mtrrmtional miuotiou w most 'critical, Mr. Churchill had to Minrrat n'e ^fcrtnf the trial of Williams, tho Eastbourne. WaHand) tnnrdcrcr, the Judge commentri I dla ?pprorlat-lT upon one of wnii.ms- friend. Power, phying the informer while In wii llBOk confidence . Tne British Government has dftnanfled rr. ?paratlon from Persia for tbe murder or rBn. talo Bcklora by the Shlraz tribesmen. lard Roberts hna madr another gneeeb li Xmlandtmplorlng ihr. naUon to adopt coiBp*;'. ?oit «er»l«. He has alto published his o h.r ?jrndn In a cheap form. !*? ClrtJ Ambulance received a call to tbe toast Hot*, Railway Souar.. on Sunday morn! tee. -a-hea Peter Henderson Hsrdie, 27. a vie. iwben Ule was pronounced extinct. G«or«s WIHIam Wake, director of the Priory (turfed with Inducing Wilkinson. Ihe ntansier 1 *» lit I5w to the premises, which had been ;n-' ?ured for *-000. has been acquitted. In answer to a lellcr by the Scripture fill! aUMlDI, Lord Koollys, the King'. Secretary ««led that HI, M.Jwt, read . rltapier of ,he Bible every day In accordance with a promim «lren his mother. Queen Aletanira, In mil. Tha Mlnl.ter lor Works. Mr. CrinUi, will leire Sj-dnrj- :or Vsnco on W.n*ncsda- to pre side at tbe Irrigation area Inquiry. Bjdner Grammar School old hoyr tn Londsn h»»» utrrlalned Mr. H. X. Slomjn, BA the «« beidmaater of the cchool al a Ti'encl! dhuxr. On Saturday Uu ib-, Church ol Eosb.ii t-v. tlon or the community of Binksto«-j. . rci.d « church « lie corner of ChapcJ-road and Brrce-afreet, the building hems ready for oc. ?upauon br 6 p.m. nnil«u « dead S-t- are -.hore at Tamplei,. aHezlco. followlnt on a submarine volcanic mptloD. The natlvn are thre.i.ned with VIZ,'''- 'd 're °eciDS Irom '?? '^h- ?TO* Premier (Jtr. jfGowen) slates that the Ootenment »1ll dlieonunue stale aid to arrl cgltural labor Immigrant* until further areas ?or (Cttlement have been ojiened up by r&ilirar; ?MMniDuoleaclon. Tlw death Is announced by cable from our I-ondon correspondent of Mr. Whltolaw Held, who had been the United States Ambassador *o England since Itai. mJSi,^ m.'^'?'' *** r««n'lr ?*«« the sHlnnter (or-Morlii to receive a deputation to ?r»o the coutrnctloB of a «r»m*»x fron) the Central RaUrai station to (lie Butero Suburbs, %la Pov«auj- str«t, Surrjr HHIa, lu been In formed by the department that the proposal cannot be considered at present. Owlnj to a tall. Sir George Held, Hlgb Con xrtlssloDer for Australia tn London, was uo pible to distribute Uje prizes In connection with ihe Pllmon School at Queens Hall on Friday Bight. Mr. .Thomas Mackenzie. Hi Eh Commis sioner for New Zealand, took his place Albert Park easily won the Victoria Bowing *Ae*ocJatJon'4 cbazaplnn fours race on Saturday, ^wltb Essendon second. A splendid performance was rut up by A. W. Sarry, of the Sydney Club, lie mam 100 yards ? t tbe Domain Baths In 66 l-5ser, wblrb la three sMlbs of » second belter Ib.in Ihn Australian lerord Tne time was not rcclftcrcd under r^co^d conditions. The 'Atlantic flyer' slruck an automobile «tage at an unprotected ralln.1T croaslnc at Perth. Amobr. New Jersey, and liurleil (be 'vehicle a distance of 20 yards, klllini three of «tu« occupants, and inJurinK eight ' Tb« Liverpool Council ban tiecn informed i (hat Ihe pofl.il receiving ofco. heciirr at iEcker*]py. near Liverpool, ha.t re*lffned. sal ,-ui no cuitable successor can be round, the ol , t't vlll he closed, but the milli will be -j«. , llvered by 'the mailman between trkersli'y and Holdsoortliy. Ths Minister for External Affairs iMr Thomas) has appro%'cd ef the expenditure ol | £1BO for tbe purchase of lO.WO cjplu cf 'Th- j Australian Commonwealth: Its ru-sourics upd Productloos.' as pare of the scheme for ad ventllng the Commonwealth In the United Kingdom and elsewhere. A difference of opinion exists beneen tb-k Minister for Works and the Homing Hoard, es to the proposal or Mr. C.-:ffl!h. to build « number of wooden bouses at Pareyvllle, at a low cost; but (be board ha* no intention ac present ol going on with ihe wooden house scheme . An-angfmenu for the world champion polo mauli o! 1913 and the Hurlingham Cup sre complete, ilr. Wblcocy wit; captain tbe Americans. The Full Court in Brisbane has promulgate.! * rule permuting oOleial shorthand reporting In Courts at the discretion ol the Judge. A further draft of 130 roanionmailb. blue Jackets will leave for England by H MS Drake. They will form part of the crewa of the new destroyers, wbl-:b sru now nesrlns completion. The Oxford-Cambridge Inler-l/nlvcrslu crofts miles course. Oxford won. Sproulc (Mel bourne) wss the first to finish, his tlae be ing Mmln II --Ssec. About fifty cottages hsr- been built at Daceyvllle since March las:. The Premier ot West Australia (Mr. Sraddan) will sail for LuDdoo tn Marcb. According to evidence glvin brfore tbe Norlh Mount Lycll Commlsalon. tbe m-'n could have 1 «acaped from the mine In plenty of time If the order bad been given imedl.itely. Building operation* tl Dareyvllle are being pushed on, and collages are being coapleied at tbe rate of flcarlr t»-o s week; Ihe lupplf of Government bricks delivered tbrre having Increased to 31,000 a day. ?tor VJriorJan J-i-ls]e!lv* Assembly on Sat urday passed tbe Public Works Losn Appllrs f tlon Bill. The measure provides for an rxpraoi [ ture of £1S9.000. t Tbe Chirf Justice ol QueensIsBd hss given I a rullue thst no King's Counsel csn accept a I brief agVlnst the Crown, without having Oral I - obttloed a license from tne Kloff. 1 Tt» Judlclsry Amendment Bill was read a I , third time It. th. House of Representative.. ft air.JDeakln contended there was no need for K ' additional appointments to the Bench, as pro ? ' posed In the Bill. V ' The North Cosst Co-operative Compsnj, W nmuraeturefl last month 6S: tons ot miKer. ? ana »sld lotid and !',id: and 5d Her _lb for H l»rk. Tb» total for four eeks was «l,000. m W. Jno. Baker cases of scissor., I p»lr, «7»; ? . S p»lr. «/«; 1 pair. 8/t. » Hunter-et.-«. m Tour noT»rU«msnt abould appear talh. W .Tomi Mat Ootmtrr ?r-- ura*'v,11i!.on!T *SV m. class plotorial weaWr puMlaheJ la NJB. I VdH devoted to tie fnterea-t of the A«ri I cv)tortlLTUfm1**Mi^»» «ausitiT_B«*l 