STATE PARLIAMENT. LEGISDATIVB ASSEMBLY. proposed ' royal commission .. on mining. -GOVERNMENT PROGRAMME v DEBATED. Both parties of the Legislative Assem bly were represented by fairly large mus ters yesterday, and members ; generally wore a businesslike nir. Tlicy. did not, however, so far, forget themselves as to transact any business. In -question time some information of interest was elicited, chiefly respecting the; operations of ; the American Meat Trust. The"' assurance was given by the Premier that the re ported doings of the combine 'wore being .inquired into by the Government; also the question how far existing laws 'would al low of intervention: "We don't intend," Mr. Watt 'said,' "to allow any combine or combination to get a footing that will be prejudicial ,to either the producer- or the consumer in our -State.'' Several' hours were devoted to the Address in Reply Mr. M'Grath, who had taken breath since Thursday of last week, comes from a dis trict where tiicrc is mining, and . he had things to say about mining men which were, not complimentary. It is related that one of these had the misfortune to fall overboard -when on a Bay excursion. An excited passenger- exclaimed tliat the poor fellow would be swallowed up by sharks, but a, fellow passenger allayed his fears.. "Sharks," ' lie said, "are not cannibals." ' It was to be gathered from Mr. avl'Grath's Bpeecli that if lie had been aboard that vessel lie would have regarded the man in tlie water as perfectly safe. The main point he uimed at was to secure the appointment, of a royal commission to investigate shady /transactions in the world of gold mining, but lie had to be satisfied with a promise from the Premier tliat tlie Minister of Mines would be consulted on the question when he returned to his office. Personally -tile Premier appeared to regard with ; favor . tlie proposal of a commission, Mr. Mcmbrey offered: the Government some practical advice, and Mr. M'Lcod, as a coiidid critic, was listend to with interest, hut was cautious in his utterances. The debate was not concluded when tlie House at a late hour adjourned till to-day. The debate on the Address in Reply was resumed. Sir. M'Grath said lie desired to refer to certain mining matters, as he would move for tlie appointment of a royal commission to inquire into the industry. - In a few days the price of shares in .the North 'Nuggety Ajax Company hnd fallen 'in value from 85/. to 25/, owing to. a decline in the yield. Many ' people were ruined by transactions in the shares. Yet from day to day the reports of the mining manager and the chnirmnn of directors were that the mine liad never looked better. Experience of this kind was not confined to one mine; in Victoria. There was a "little crowd" that had been manipulating, certain companies. These people, did not carc whether a com pany paid dividends or not. They operated un'til the shares went up to 9/ or 10/, and then sold. When tlie shares went down they bought again. - If a commission were, appointed it could get proof of these state ments, and it would be able to suggest measures to cure many of the evils. The auditors were sometimes relations of tlie directors, and some directors were 'ma chinery merchants. He was told tliat only a certain firm could get orders in the Ararat district. The shnres of one com pany in his district began to' rise, and went from Od. to ,3/' before it was announced that there was an improvement in the stone. In Ballarat there were mine man agers who would not .be employed for a week if. they did not tell the chairman of directors every day how 'the mines looked, but ..toe information 'was ..not divulged to toe ...general .body; o£\ shareholders,: Tlie iiiiiifc . niarnigers', reports sliould be sent direct. to the newspapers, and should not go through the companies' offices. When \- an cicction of directors was lieid the prac tice of registering many shares in the legal manager's name made it !Vm' (lijhcult to elect new candidates. Jic uesired to see the industry nut on n nioro substantial footing, tic did not want mining tor a gamble, but rather for an in vestment. Mr. M'Lcod: We arc only in our infancy lnr cv as r<-Wds London. Mr. Al'Grath: Then kill the evil whilst it is an infant. (Opposition cheers.) There hud been lax administration in the Alines department in regard- to the granting of certain leases. He complained of the royalty system, which, he said, was doing more to ruin Ballarat ISast than anything else, ihe dotation of companies should aiso receive attention. Aloney went into the pockets of persons who put little or none into tlie industry. The AFinister of Alines . had said that he recognised .the eiV \ t that he could not prevail upon the Attorney-General to bring in a com panies bill. That gentleman, however, ought to be compelled to take action. (Op- positioir cheers.) He moved that the fol lowing .he added to the Address in Keply to the Governor's speech: — - '. Wc have to inform your Excellency that this ilotufp is of opinion that there i». urgent need for .the appointment of a royal commission to in- quire into the causes of the deplorable depression existing in the mining .industry. : Mr. Hampsoh said that nothing short of a royal commission would be likely to bene fit the industry. There were various im provements which might be made for the health of the minei's. Ar. ATGrcgor suggested the appointment of Government auditors .for . mining com panies. A bill ought to be brought in to deal with many; ot. the defects which had been mentioned. AFrr Outtrim said that as an old Alinis- tcr of- Mines he was- distressed at the de cadence of . the mining industry and the wiping, out of. townships that depended upon it. What was the cause ? There was bt.il I plenty of gold to be won, and a royal commission would get at the facts, arid would also help the Government in con nection with its proposed compnnic8 law. ' The Premier said the members had ad dressed themselves to a very .important subject in a temperate way. But .in the absence of the Alinister. of Alines he could not accept the suggestion, though his pcr- spnal impression was that an. inquiry of the kind proposed would .be good, and not bud.. (Hear, hear.) All he could promise at this stage was _ that he would consult' the Alinister of Alines on his return from New South Wales next week. It appeared, from the standpoint of the health of the miner and the necessity for amendments in company law, that Parliament would bo wise to inform itself of the conditions. However, he would inform the House next week of the attitude of the Government, and- if it were hostile to the proposal, Air. M'Grath could force a vote on the supple mentary estimates. Mr. M'Grath withdrew the amendment. Air. Membrcy congratulated the Govern ment on -its excellent programme. Hq agreed with many of the views of country menroers as to the need for decentralisa- t'.on, but in the city urgent necessity ex isted for action to cope with the expanding passenger traflic. The press, in most con-- vincing articles, had shown the advantages that would be derived from the electrifica tion of the suburban railways. ' This mat ter had been before public attention for years, and it was five years since Air. Merz was first' engaged to draft a 'scheme. Hw report was presented four years ago, but &b; tne Railway" Commissioners' chat- lengeu some of the figures,, nothing further wns done until 1910, when the transit royal commission was appointed. He believed the present government would submit a bill for the conversion, of the railway sys tem, but if the volume of traffic continued to increase .at the present xatp a very seVi- ouo problem would have toNbe, facc'd wjUi- ,out .delay. The daily average ' numbers 'of passengers who passed through the. barriers of the i city stations between 5 a.m.: and midnight were:— Flinders- street, 129,449 in 1909, and 145,257. in 1011$ Princes-bridcc. 20,099 in 1909, and 20,740 in 1911; Spelicer- street, 14,546 in: 1909, and 20,670 in 1911. These figures, did not include ' passengers passing through, or thoBe of tho Flindcrs- street'station who changed from one; train to another. The increase was 'enormous, and had led to great congestion; ' There was a constant demand for, extra- trains. The overcrowding .was not creditable to tlie State nor to the Railway' department: (Hear, hear.) ' It . was particularly bad. on Saturday . afternoons befo.re and after " the football ; matches. .-.. Heavy expenditure had been ineurred in widening the Flinders-street viaduet. and' in quadru plicating the: Caulfield line,- but tlie trans portation prpblctp wpuld not.lbe solved. -Jby the .completion of these works'. : ' - The steam sen-ice -would have to'go, for the great ad vantages of an electric system were indis- lutable. > He urged the Government to insten .ns mueli as possible -this greatly de sired reform, and trusted that during the resent session tlie Premier would in tro- itce bill to authorise : the conversion. But electrification by itself would. not en tirely. meet the < situation: The tramway service ''would have to be extended' and made' uniform.. : With' tliat subject tlie creation of a Greater Melbourne Council was closely connected. In an excellent sub- leader , "The Age" i bad pointed out the great advantages tliat would be derived front such a council in supplying more uni form and more economical methods. of deal ing .witii public utilities. The improve ment of the Yarra and of tlie Saltwater rivers had been before the public for years, and ine municipal councils hnd taken very, little interest in these schemes. He whs not optimistic enough," however, to believe that' the Greater Melbourne Bill .would be passed this session. . . Mr. Hun'nnh: I think it is only out for a riin. _ ; Mr. Membrcy: If Mr. Hnntiah would only suppress his eloquence for about three months tlie bill might go through. . (Laugh ter.) If it did not, what attitude did the Premier intend to take up? . Tlie .problem was becoming very acute. Mr. Hannali: I agree witli yon. Mr. Membrcy: The Traffic Commission hnd recommended the appointment of a municipal tramways trust, nnd, this trust, should be appointed during tlie present ses sion, pending the creation of a bigger and permanent body to take control. Tlie cable trani3 wore started, in 1885 and completed in 1891,' since when no extensions bad been made, though -the metropolitan population had increased from . 400.898 in !891 to 591,830 in 1911, mostly in the outer, suburbs. Tlie population of the city of Melbourne was 1000 less than 20 years ago, and C'ol- lingivood had gone, down to the extent of 800\. Qn the other hand, Northcotc had increased from 7458 in 1891 to 9657 in 1901, ajid 18,000 in .1911, as a result of the provi sion of railway, facilities.; Kew showed' a striking contrast, for the increase there was,,only from 8462 in 1801 to 11,148 in ,1911, simply because it had ....not proper travelling facilities. Melbourne hiitl. a most disjointed tramway system _ controlled by seven different authorities. It was now proposed to-extend the tramways, at -Malvern, to buy out and convert' the .Hawthorn horse tramway, to make it. line to South Melbourne and St. Kilda, and to make a tramway from Essen- don through .'Brunswick to Northeote. If an electric system of traction were to be ultimately adopted, to be a success it muBt be imder one control. -The changes that were- immediately contemplated showed that there was urgency that the Govern ment. should give the tramway system moBt earnest consideration. If the whole of the Melbourne tramways could be secured on anything like favorable conditions, it was, in his opinion, the dutjr of the Government to secure them. Transit should be cheaper nlso. From Sydney one could travel to Rydc, 10 miles 20 . chains, for 5d., there being five penny section. Mr. Nesbitt, tlie town clerk, said there were now 7000 per sons less iiviug in Sydney proper than there wore ten years ago, and that was largely attributable to the improved tramway faci lities. Adelaide had become a . different place altogether.- owing "to the electric trams, and by. like means' one could get to places far outside Brisbane for low fares. He strongly urged tlie Government to take up tlie tramway consolidation question. If there were any likelihood of the' Greater Melbourne Council Bill being, thrown out this session; he' iiopcd the Government would bring in a bill to form a Consolidated Tramways Trust for the purposes lie hud mentioned/With a great deal of reluctance iic hud to complain tliat without Iiis know ledge as : member for the district the Go vernment had, just before Parliament met, lensc'd; to the Glen Iris Brick Company some land which wus originally bought at Thorn- bury for' the establishment of workmen's liomes. That .ought not to have been done without tiie authority of Parliament. The Premier 'said permissive occupancy bad been granted, and a lease would not be issued until Parliament had passed a-bill authorising it. Mr. Membrcy raid it huge building was being erected' and other works were proceed ing. It was known lie was antagonistic to the step. - , ;; 'Mr.Muckey: That is why they pushed it on so secretly. ' (Laughter.) ' t " . Mr. Membrey .said' tlie majority -of the ratepayers were, also against it. Over ' 00 ucroe of 'ground .were in use for brick works in. Northcotc. already. He entered, hfs emphatic protest on the ' matter: Wngebqardif. were. .the. best means of set tling . matters, -.between employers and . em ployes, and they might be extended to the: advantage of, both. Tho provision made in Tasmania respecting painters' travelling fares was an improvement on the method in vogtio here, lie trusted that the Gov ernment would give the teachers the atten tion they deserved, and remove the cause of dissatisfaction in the. police force. Sir. M'Leod said tliat tlie Government programme contained many items which lie desired to see p'nsscd into law. Decentral isation' was urgently required,' for in the country towns there were no trades to give occaipatioh to the young people: The effect of the railway rates was to concentrate manufactures in Melbourne, ' as high charges -were imposed on the raw material sent to. the country and on the finished article when it was , sent to the seaboard; Tlie latter charges were absurd, when one noticed tlie long trains of empty trucks tra velling to Melbourne. The railway system was used as a great earning engine, and tlie department .should be told that a bolder policy was required, and that tlie railways were to serve tho purpose of de veloping the country. He Imd no word to say against ' tli6 electrification of the suburban railways, other than to point out 'tliat tlie Treasurer bad said that -our bor rowing powers were limited. Jf we weie to borrow £2,500,000 or £3,000,000 tor tlie electrification of tlie suburban lines what wns to happen with country extensions Electrification would be a great boon to Melbourne and suburbs, but unless they were quite satisfied that country interests were not to be sacrificed tor the benefit of Melbourne tlicy might pay too much for tlie bargain. Tramways should be ex tended to tho thinly populated suburbs lying between the railways, and all the tramways should, be uuder one con trol. Mr. Outtrim: Coilld not the tramways be run by tlie Railway department-? Mr. M'Lcod said tliat if tlie hon. mem ber could peraundc tlie House tliat the Railway department could run the "tram ways lie would have no objection. Accord ing to tho 1910-11 returns, country jiasaen- ger traffic produced £370,478 more revenue '!?« itiU 'i ? Passenger traffic for' 1,041,362 miles less travelling. Mr. Mackinnon: What do you mean bv country traffic? Mr. M'Leod: Outside about twenty miles from Melbourne is country traflie. Mr. Mackinnon: Figures will prove any thing after that. (Laughter.) Mr. M'Leod said -a manufacturer could pass on any increase in making an article to the purchaser. The producer, however had to compete witli the markets ot tlie world, and could not do this. His produce should therefore be carried on tlie railways as cheaply as possible. Attention should also be paid to the way produce was be ing disposed of in. Great Britain. There was reason to believe that our iambs were being sold as. New Zealand mutton and our butter as Danish. (Oh, oh.) He agreed with preferential trade, because some Vic torian producers were receiving better prices and moro fair treatment by Bend ing goods to Germany than to England. Great Britain and her colonies should re cognise that blood was thicker than water, and as much trade should exist between them as possible. (Hear,' hear.) Agricul tural high schools were' a stop in the right direction, but ho wns sorry to learn that only a limited number of the boys in at tendance wore really learning agriculture. . Mr. Eltnslie: Then tlicse Jiigh schools are a fraud I . Mr. . M'Leod supported immigration. A few men had come out under false . pre tences, but of tbc bona nde agricultural laborers there had not been a failure of 3 per cent. Mr. Hampson: How many of these immi grants have taken up. land? Mr. M' Leod: Most .of them did not come out witli tlie intention of taking up land. We'did not want a ciass'of people who would: expect to live on the Government. ;Wc wanted men with the spirit, in them of the old pioneers. "No doubt many of tlie immigrants would improve when- they had adapted thejnselvos to Colonial wayp. They must, however,; learn to depend upon, themselves. . He regarded .the Main Roads Bill as being of importance. There was te be a board to deal with the matter. If tlie whole of the expenditure was to Be ad- 'ministered from Melbourne, .it would soon cost in salaries and travelling expenses what would " mean the "repair of. a good many . miles of' road. Something must, be done: to. put down the rabbit pest. . The rodents were now developing the feat of climbing over wire' fences. .The Govern ment lands were a j breeding ground for them: In regard to mining, no. new. law could keep foolp from rogues; Miniug directors ought not to..be allowed to supply the ' mines thjjjMontrollod with machinery. They, bught to' be -under the saine law, as the member, of a mu'nicipal coimcil. Some of tlie.. greatest 'frauds in' mining; . to-ddy- -were' committed -in -commotion i with the winding np of cojnpanie; He would favor a laiw which would give a minority of shareholders a"riglit to appeal to a court of law against the action of the majority of shareholders/because the latter miijy. merely have iicctimiiiatcd shares witli tne object of rendering the minority powerless. He admitted/evils connected with the royalty.systern,: but the late act. did not extend to the old leases, in regard to the welfare of the inihers, the difficulty was that many . miners would not take the trouble to carry. .out the precautions made to secure their own safety. Mining was a progressive science, und constantly required to He moving , on,' ., ' ' Mr. M'Lnchlan said tlie great difficulty in the .way. of, progressive legislation was the -Legislative Council. Could not the Government make a move with tho objeet of reforming the other House? If it did not do. so the value of the State Government would cortainlv diminish in the eyes of the people. A movement should aiso bo made against importing State Governors. Since federa tion there was no necessity to bring gentle men from the old country to fill sueli posi tions. The amount of their' salaries could well be spent on many smnll country in stitutions. In- regard to the relinquish ment by the Minister-responsible for order- .mg railway materials in Germany, by his ofhee as Minister of Railways, the hon. gentleman bad really ' too . much to do as Minister of, -two departments, and as member of. Parliament, besides looking after Ills -private business, and that led Him into error in signing tilings. Valuable, areas of. land were being de stroyed on the Ovens River: nnd, to a icsser extent, in the/district which lie .repre sented. This matter and the destruction of hind through' the erosion of tlie banks of the Avon River should be attended - to ; bjr /' the Government. Referring to' the beet industry, lie ex pressed, the belief, that it would pay a liv ing wage. " At the same time, the growers desired to he compelled to- grow only 5 acres of beet instead of 10 acres ns at pre sent. In connection with immigration, cave should be taken tliat only healthy persons were allowed to coin'e to tlie country, and imposition "should be guarded against. He also objected Jo preference to immigrants in city employment, nnd especially in tlie railway 'sendee. ;'. ;Ho spoke in , lavor of more attention being paid to -the growing of tobacco. Tho , industry, lie thought, was capable of development. Ihe police force ought to he augmented, and, if there were not money available for the purpose, the assistance of the military should be obtained to check the rampant crime in Melbourne and elsewhere. Ac cording to "The Leader," the ideas of the Labor party were hot of the character that would help the agricultural industry, for the kind of labor, that Laborites considered good enough for : the scrap, heap was thought good enough tor the farmer. .Tt was alike unfair; Enid "The Leader," und industrially impolitic to insist on foisting on the farmer inferior workers at high rates of wages. But in his ' (Mr. M'Lacii- lau's) opinion, it wns the farmers' fault that they had.to put up with that state of affairs. Had they formed unions they would have been. able. to insist on Iiaving competent men if-ithcy had to pay them well. Farm hands '.should be trained and made competent "in agricultural colleges under Government -supervision. Tlicy should then be certificated, and fanners should he able to insist on employing cer tificated workers if tlicy had to pay wages board rates. The Government was work ing, on right lines in regard to tlie making of country roads. There was a , feeling that, the 'Minister of Public Works was u sympathetic man, and it was believed ho would try to keep his promises. The North Gippsland people were especially hopeful of getting/ better roads through the Minister's visit. . 7 Mr. Farthing said tliat though it was. often said the metropolitan mem oers knew how to look after their interests, there seemed to be n lack of combination, among them which would not make for tlie wel fare oi the cities. Mr. J. W. Billson: A new city party, nr. Farthing: Though a city member, however, he believed in- decentralisation. The State was like a tadpole— it had a gigantic head and; a comparatively small body. The proper remedy was through immigration and 'closer settlement. The present, immigration .policy was defective in that the people, were not . being got away into the- country. Many of them, on arrivnl spent .so miich time wandering round- the city that .all. their money, went, and then tjic' cbrinCes were they , ousted Australians from tlibfr. legitimate jobs'. The necessity ; for metrfipoliton municipal : re presentation wns shoWn, .by tlie; fac.t tliat lh Melbourne therdTwere 26 municipalities,. 2p.;.towh..hallB,;,25,!7iws.: of. officers/ .20 tToun-. cils, 26 sets of rateBT and, worst of all, 26 different sets of bylaws. It would be a mistake to impose n still another, icouncil on top of these. The crime statistics of tlie' State were" rather disquieting. Up to. 1907 thev showed all; round 'decreases, but in tlie last foar years tilings had taken a turn very much for tlie worse.' Within the last few. years warehousemen have had to add H'Per cent; to insurance to make tin for thefts in Australia. The increase of crime was due to tho fact that the police were not properly paid. The Greater Melbourne Council, the beautir fication of tlie Yarra. and the question of police pay and pensions shoulrf certainly not be amongst tlie measures slaughtered this session. ' Tho House nt 10.55 p.m. adjourned until 4.30 p.m. to-day. 