THE WEEK IN LONDON. \---« AN AUSTRALIAN'S NOTES. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) British Army and France. LONDON, Jan. 15. It seems that the British military and naval authorities are still sharply divided over the interesting question whether, in the event of a European war involving England, the main force of the British army should at once be thrown across the Channel into the Continent, or whether it should only move after the navy had cleared all opposing fleets off the sea. Here is the problem which the naval war staff will have to solve: The naval view is that the supreme duty of the British navy is, the moment any Avar comes to seek out the enemy's fleet and fight it at the earliest possible moment, or, if it avoids a 'fight bottle it up In its ports, and keep it, so to speak, under lock and key. You then have the advantage of knowing exactly where the enemy is, and that the seas are clear of all his important ships-so that your own ships are free to come and go as they like, at any rate until the enemy has given reasonable notice by steaming out of his harbours and beating the blockading Brit ' isa fleet. In a modern war It ought not to take very long for that first phase of the struggle to be decided one way or the other. For example, supposing war had broken out last August between England and Germany, the British fleet was on the east coast of Scotland, and the German fleet somewhere off the German or Danish coast about 300 miles away. Both were ready for war, and presumably they would have met within 24 hours of its' being declared. If England had won a decisive victory she could have had the seas reasonably clear within a week. IC the battle were undecided, the command of the sea might remain undecided for a fortnight; it is hard to see that the uncertainty could he prolonged further than that unless the British fleet were beaten, in which case it would be fighting to regain Its mastery for several months at least. The view of the navy is and always has been that until the seas are clear of any "fleet in being" (that is, any considerable body of warships going loose, whether their whereabouts is known or not, it is safe to undertake the transport of an army across the seas. On the other hand the army says it is worth risking in the case of the short crossing to France. After all, says the army, once war is made upon us our object must be to win the war. We should presumably be in with France and Russia, and it is no good our waiting about until they have been beaten, and then offering them help. Our best chance is to have our help there at the beginning, so as to help them to win. The general idea in England, presumably held by the French general staff also, is that when Germany fights France she will invade her at three points nortE centre, and south -the central attack being the main one, and the other two flanking movements (exactly, indeed, as explained by Colonel Foster in a recent issue of the "Herald"). Now the French army is weaker in numbers than the German army; but the British army, if thrown in to help the French army, would about equalise the two. of The right wing of the Germans would probably come down along the Belgian frontier, or through a corner of Belgium into the north of t France. If the British Expeditionary Forces compact army of six divisions, amounting to 120,000 men, fully equipped were thrown across the Channel to the north of France to act as the left wing of the French army, the British general staff believes that the best use would have been made of it. They apparently asked the navy whether it was prepared to under- take the ferrying arrangements immediately upon the declaration of war. "We should be ready," said the army; our mobilisation plans are worked out for the transport of this force to anywhere at any notice. Are you ready to ferry us across the Channel the instant war breaks out'" The Admiralty's had No- Then, for all your talk, you are not as well prepared as we are," "and the army But the Navy pointed out that it thought it know its own business best One stray destroyer could sink the biggest Olympic thAt ever sailed," it said Therefore, whilst you were crossing you would have to be guarded by us Our first business is to find the enemy and fight him, md in that first big sea fight we cannot HbIc being hampered by having to keep our eye on 120,000 men in transports You will have to wait for a few days perhaps a week or a fortnight" "An Australian In London." There has been occasion in these letters to mention before now the communications sent by a certain class of Australians to English newspapers decrying their own country This week there appeared under the above heading in the "Pall Mall Gazette" an effusion of a different sort, but one, to most Australians, quite as humiliating It was as follows - Sir, Before I aimed in London I was under the erroneous impression (caused by the exaggerated statements of the English Sttankpots ' I had met in Australia that it it is one of the finest cities in the world for a stranger to visit After visiting Paris and other Continental cities, one cannot include London in the list of beautiful places Australians here must be greatly amused at many customs for instance, glling twopenny tips In the colonies I have seen an Englishman offer twopence to a railway porter as a tip it has declined with marries Why are there so many starving people in 1 onion? Does the foreigner vote for a less wage than the Englishman so that the Englishman is always on the beg with 'Please give me a penny The foreigner is found doing all kinds of man or Want's work in hotels, restaurants, and boarding houses. What a place London is for Jews and foreigners I invite contradiction of the statement that they thrive better here than in any place in the world It is, of course, partly true criticism, and partly shallow and ignorant, but if the whole of it were deep and Arise there is no excuse for the blatancy of throwing it In the face of the London public. It is like meeting a lady one day and writing the next to inform her that she was ugly and not as well off as you were As if to make a Sydney man squirm all the more, this individual chooses to sign himself "Sydney Harbour It was another Sydney 'man that pointed the letter out to me "That's what makes us so popular," he said. The Canadian Attitude Towards Us On the other hand I heard a man from overseas deliver this week to an English audience a criticism which, from the breadth of his view and the depth of his thought, he was clearly competent to deliver He was a Canadian, and his speech was the cases I have heard in England upon any subject affect- ing the British Empire It struck one that he spoke out identically the thoughts which most Australians who believe in the destiny of their nation entertain I went to the meeting especially in order to hear this Canadian, the special commissioner for Canadian immigration, Mr Arthur Hawkes, give his ideas upon immigration One could not help being exceedingly pleased and impressed at finding that he not only said what most Australians would like to say, but he took on himself to say it on behalf of Australia as well as Canada every time Whenever he spoke of advantages won by the emigrant, how he goes to a land where he has some ambition for himself and his children instead of ceaseless working for a wage, how he tends to think more for himself, to drop his con- servatism, to reach a wider outlook, to become more resourceful and alert, and a higher type of man generally-as unquestionably the emigrant does-be claimed those advantages for Australia as well as Canada As the chief example in all his speech he took the case of the Prime Minister of Australia Again and again he spoke for Australia as well as his own country "our great sister dominion," i as he called her "A man has to come back to his native village, and speak with the men beside whom he used to labour in the fields, or with whom he trudged home at the end of the day, before he finds out what Canada or Australia has done for him," he said Or, again the real custodian of the Empire's future is not in Downing-street, but hauling wheat in Saskatchewan or shearing in New South Wales " - It is very well worth the while of AustralIans to note this generous and statesmanlike attitude on the part of Canadians towards us. Personally, one has experienced the same thing in those parts which one has A sited of Canada the mere mention of the word "Australian" ensured one of a warm welcome and Canadians do not open their hearts to everybody. They are a harder race than we are; as Dr. Parkin said at this same meeting: "Canada is a stern hard country; the thing that makes us hope for its future is That it's a hard country." Canadian Sentiment. It was a new thing to find a man of great insight and Intelligence, speaking, wisdom to England from the standpoint not of some particular oversea State, but in the name of the great dominions generally; because Australians are not apt to think of Canada and Australia together, as closely related in sentiment or experience. But it was impossible to listen to this Canadian for ten minutes without realising that they are very closely akin to us Australians, both in thought and feeling; and the more we know of each other, the better for both of us. The point that the Canadian immigration, commissioner Avasl making was that the great majority of the men who go to Australia or Canada change from the Englishmen, Scotsmen, or Irishmen that they were, into men who give their hearts to the land to which they go, "just as when a man marries, with all his affection for his mother, he gives himself heart and soul to his wife. 1 disagree entirely with the statement that England Is the emigrant's 'home,' " he said, "Home is the place where his children live, and where he proposes to live." The emigrant, by acquiring an ambition and a mortgage on the future, because a man who, when he revisited his native village', stood more upright and was more far-sighted than when he went away. "You have not to take account of that man's political attitude when you calculate from the standpoint of Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool." In reply to Dr. Parkin, who appeared to hold a different view, Mr. Hawke said that the greatest offence that could be committed against the Empire was for the wealthy man to dump his useless son on a country that had no use for him. The worst people they could have in Canada were those who came from wealthy homes; and the people who were making good out there were those who had no might and no money in the old country, and who entered the new one without a dollar. "We are trying to absorb 350,000 people in one 'year," he said, "the greatest number ever absorbed by any country. It is easy to do it with the Ame- ricans it is easy to turn them into Canadians, that is. But we desire that they shall be come British citizens, even as we are, and that is a pretty large order, supposing you are brought up to believe that Britain is to j oppressor of humanity and every 4th July you, so to speak, exhume the body of George III, and kick it round the market place. Therefore, the emigrants you" send us are your ambassadors, and if you send them unfit you are doing the Empire a great damage." On that ground he argued for more local patriotism in England so that the emigrant who came from England should know something of the country he came from, as the American always does. The real future of the Empire was in the hands of the man in Canada and Australia, and those who sat at home must learn something from them. Well, most Australians here feel there is a great deal of truth In this-but there are two ways of saying It. It is one thing to say (as Mr. Hawke said "there are 30,000 Andrew Fishers who have never gone to Australia, and one of the problems of this old land is to make the most of latent ability." It is quite another thing to sign yourself | "Sydney Harbour," and fling in the face of English readers shallow gives about the ugly London and two-penny tips." 