Looal Stock Sales. Mr. J. B. M'Doufjall reportsa fair yarding at Casino on Saturday last. Steers from 12 to 15 months old brought 32s per liend, poddy heifers £1, store cows to £2 2k, fai cows from £4 5s to £4 14s, Springers and inilkors were dull of sale. Pigs. Upwards of 470 pigV comprising all descriptions, were penned at the City Yards, Sydney, on Friday. Tho offering wus mixed, but generally of fairly good quality. There was. a better attendance than id usually the oase for a Friday's nale, and competition .was active throughout. Backfatters sold freely, and wore very firm at late rates. Buconcrs wore linn, and porkers met with strong demand at values showing a slight improvement. Quotations : Bickfatters, f- £5 15s, with odd higher; buconers, to £3 10s ; porkers, to £2. Sydney Agents' Reports. Tho Au3tralinn Co-operative Export and Distributing Co.', Ltd., Sydney, reports : — \- „ Butler :, Wo aro in receipt of cablegram from London last Friday advising sales of Now South Wales consignments ex Orviet» « lit , the following prices: Choice quality salted 1 18s to liOs per cut., second quality saltnd 114s to 116.1. Bacon : The marke v for Wiltshire sides is ut present firm, but the future prospects aro uncertain. Irish was quoted at GSs, and Danish ac 70s. Present value Cumberland cuts, 30 to 36 lb. average, 04s. This month's shipments ol frozen hogs, SO to 120 lb., would probably , realise 5£d per lb. Messrs. Hill, Clark and Co., Ltd., Syd ney, report :— Tallow : 477 casks offered last week. The market was easier, prices were 5s below last auction values. Moderate clearances were effected. Sheepskins: We have to report a. strong demand from ux porlers and follmongtrs at unchanged rates. Hides : The market opened Jd easier, gnod Bales biiing made at the red viced rate. Furred Skins: Catalogues fur wallaby skins aro now small, consequent!}' prices were 'firm, and good sales wore made atpruPtieallj unchanged values. Sundries : Fairly large supplies submitted. Horso and cow Imir remained unchanged. Best shank bones, thighs, buttocks, shins, hoofs and. sinews were in good demand. The Coastal Farmers' Cooperative. So ciety, Ltd., reports for week ending 13th December: — Hutter : The market, has been satisfactory all week at 104s per owt. for best grades. The increased local demand usually experienced befoto Xnias is already manifest. The London market remain.' steady, but tho bulk of the Siberian stored butter held over in anticipation of hifgh opening prices has now been cleared: To day's London cable reports Australian Huest, «,illed and uns.ilted, 120s per ewt. Cheese: ? Tho beneficial rain recently recorded ovc tho cheese districts is beginning to tell on faolory outputs, which show a considerable increase ; prime 7Jd to 7Jd per lb , good (M-3 to 7d, and old mellow matured 8Jd to Shi. Bacon: The demand during the past few days has been very brisk, owing to the usual Christmas rush felting in, and agents have had difficulty in keeping paco with -the f delivery. All priim- quality sides are meet ing with ruady sale, both fur the Ior-al and inland orders, and this state of affairs will ' exist from' now on to the holidays. Thin . Hides and heavy rough moat are dull of sale. Prime bides Od to 9Jd per lb., flitches 7d to 74d, middles 9Jd to lOd. ? Hums: The market in practically clear of prime small weights, as the demand during the last few days lius heen exceptionally brisk. Each year .sees a big increase in the sales of this class of goods. As a rule, hams from 10 to 12 lb. in' weight are enquired for. Lard: Bulk 7 id, packets 8d to 8 Jd. Honey : Tim market is heavily supplied, and sales are quiet. Choice Western 3d per ll-.t'good'2£d, Northern 2Jd to 2;Jd. Kgga : Tho arrivals aro getting lighter, and the demand is good for reliable quality only. Grocers are 'fighting shy' of any doubtful lots. Norths Is 2d, some choice lots to Is 3d ; Souths Is 3d, smile extra choius Is 4d ; suburban new-laids Is 5d to la Oil. In spite of the general reduction 'in supplies, the Society's consignments for November to talled 493G eases. Maize : 'Die liy'ht con signments from local sources continue in good demand. Prime yellow, 4s -5d per bushel ; while, 4s -Id to 4a 5d ; weevily sorts leas, according to condition. Millet : In-better supply, with slower sales. Prices nro unchanged. Prime long and Belfwnrk ing hurl, £28 to £30 per ton ; ehort, £27 10 £29; discolored less, according to condition. The Xmua jewellery prices at Cnidiclc's nro worthy of your attentiou. Call and usk questions. Of the £18,000,000 worth of butter im ported to Great Britain laat year, N.S.W. , 'contributed £1,000,000 worth. , At last week's produce sales at Singloton 8s .'9d . per pair was realised for rooaters, ,'- while prim'o turkeys mado the phenomenal price of £'2 2s per pair. \- Owing to tho improper sanitary arrange ineuts a serious outbreak of enteric fever is reported from ? Coifs Harbor. Tho local nlih'o council is busy ondcavouring to abate the disease. Coraki parish subscriptions to tho Graf ton Bishopric Fund total £60 Oh, and include donations of £10 each from Messrs. L. 1?. Bonaiid and John Sheridan. Wyral \- ^ lah'fl contribution amounts to £21 10d. Owing to the prevailing high prices of chaff on the Sydney'inarket, it is reported that thousands of acres of fino wheat crops , aro being cut for liny,— crops that itis esti mated would go 30 bushels to tho acre. Mr. F. \V. Gulley, of the Commercial Hotel, Coraki, has inslnllod an engine and v plant to pump water from ' the river. A ' powerful pump lifts the water into overhond , tunke, and distributes it all over the build .ing at a cost of only a few pence per day. 1 .During tho presont year 3S11 selected immigrants and 10,816 nominated immi grants have arrived in Sydney from the United Kingdom. It is probable that twice as many unassisted immigrants ~v oume out, making a total of 50,000. The. Immigration Uureau found work for all its selected immigrants, and also placed 3500 unassisted. 