: SUMMARY. Lord Homerts in u further speech Implores the nation to adopt compulsory survice. Tho Danish Lower House granted tho volo to ; women 25 years old possessing certain property qualifications. . Thu death 1s announced of Mr. Whitelaw Head., who has boen United States Ambas- sador for England since 1900. The British Government have demanded that the Persian Government .shall make reparation for the recent murder ol Capt. Eckford by Shiraz tribesmen." " , Tho London police state that Engineer, Wallace, who was sent to gaol for five years for coining, ls an able, skilful man, who arrived from Australia in 1908. Travellers arriving at Mexico City from tho intorior saw tho bodies of 00 rebela hanging from trees in the war zone. Ruth less eruolty is being shown by tho federal forces against tho insurrectionists. ' General Botha has resigned the Soutii African Premiership consequent on thc pro- tracted dissensions in tho Cabinet between Moderates lind Dutch Extremists. General Rottui is now forming a now ministry. Tho British North Eastern Itanlwuy strike ls over. The commission found that tho disrated driver was not drunk, and he has boen reinstated. The strikers ero to resume work, but are lo pay a lino for striking. Tho owners of the Germnn liner Amerika, which sank the British Submarine B2 in the English Channell have decided to pay, tho British Admiralty ninety-five per cent, of the loss sustained. They will also meet tho '.claims of relatives of tho sailors who perished. . '? Stare March last practically sixty cot- tages have been I.Milt by the Government at Daceyville. It ls persistently reported that Mr. Mc- cowen will soon retire und louve .the Prem- iership to Mr. Holman. ' Georg,» llldgold, the, veteran actor mana-, ger, died on Monday morning, aged 73. He hod been ailing some months. .Seeond-Llcutcriunt' T. McLobban, Mac- lean, has boen transferred to tho Reservo .Officers' Rsv of the Commonwealth Military Forces. Dr. Dunne, Rormin Catholic Bishop ' ol Bathurst, on Sunday said that 'politician« -wera, only .-opportunists, not teachers' oif morality. Tho tender of John Mackenzie, Brook- land, was accepted for tho Dorrigo Closer Settlement roads contract No. 14/12/13, Coil's Harbour district, at £275. ' A man, William Forrest, was burnt . to death in a lire, which destroyed a wooden cottage at Broken Hill, lt, is,'alleged that deceased overturned a Inuip while intoxicat- ed. ? ? The Premier of West Auslrulia failed to arrive ut on agrecmnnt with tho Manager off the Commonwealth Bank in respect oí the postponed transfer of thc State Sav- ings Bank. The estate of tho late Ewen Cameron, retired grazier at Wagga, was valued for probate at £67,407. The estate of the late Dr. Caleb Terry, of Woollahra, was also, valued at £59,000. During the . inquiry . before the .North Mount Lyell Disaster Commission, pvidonce was given that tho'men could have escap- ad in plenty of time had. the order been given immediately. It is understood that the funds whicb will be made available by th'! latest N.S.W. loan will comfortably provide for tho re- quirements ot tho Government runtil tho close of the financial y-ar. / Alfred Brindle, night officer at the local railway station nt' Wyong, was run over by the Brisbane muil train on Saturday night and killed, whilo crossing the line; He did not seo the train approaching. At the annual meeting of the Australian Catholic Federation, which opened dn .Mel- bourne on Sunday, thc Pope, in reply-- to a message, affectionately sent his blessing. Tho membership of the Federation ls about 30,000. Two officers of .Mic Landing Branch ol the Customs: Department of Victoria, nave* bean suspended in connection with alleged irregularities undnr tho Immigration Re- striction Act regarding tho ndinlsslon of Chlneso to the Commonwealth. Commenting on tho Merchant Service Gu'.tld caso nncl judgment, thu Secretary o{ lim. Guild said that everything would como right unless employers reverted to tho old sweating conditions. If an attempt waa made tb lower tho standard of wages or conditions the members of thu Guild would cease work. lt has been decided to form a rifle club at. Woodburn.. Mr. .1. ». Whittington has hoon selected us tho liberal candidate for Blayney. Th" alteration of ordinance No. 33 ro f<>rries is garotted lo apply to Harwood^ Shire. . Tara Hall, Shark Cr-'ck, ls licensed un- der Part ll of the Theatres and Public Hollis Act ol 1908. Hugh Trwln, of Kinchela, was ilne<l £10 and costs by tho Kompsoy Bench for sel- ling a diseased boast. Christmas this year will bo heralded is» with on Increase of fully 2G per cont, in tho price bf foodstuffs in comparison wttli last year. Tho North (.'oast. S.N. Co. state that all borlhs' aro booked on tho Richmond- Sydney ¡inti Byron Bay-Sydney' steamers right- up to Christmas. -''' Public holidays.uro gazotted .for. a num- ber of country towns to onablo business to lin suspended from Xmas Eve till tho fol? lowing Mon<lay. A BO h.p. n>ntor car running' botwooD Kempsoy and Nowcasllo wus totally des- troyed by Uro nour Krambach. ?-. Mr. Tono . riowlsh was'driving. . A nlimhor of navvlus have stnuck work on a Queensland railway contract owing lo certain of tho «mployeos rotuslng to . join tho, union. 'I'hn Mlnislor has given Instruc- tions that u'o preferenco ls lo'bo shown. Mr. Wood, doputv-leador of the Opposi- tion, states that Ur. Beeby has resigned with n. clear understanding that, should ha bo ruturnoti for lllayhoy ho will continue to support tho present Government so.lone ns tho present. Parliament lasts. Tn tho Mulliourno County Court Fanny O'Sullivan claimed from tho oHtato ot Patrick Konoalv £f¡00, which she said de- ceased had promlued to hoqunath to .her. No provision, howovor, was mado for the amount In tho will. Tho jury returned a verdict lor £200. Tliursdny last was nn interesting dato in history, lt was thu I2th day ot tho lStli month of tho 12th yenr of tho century. Few, If any pcrsonB nm alive who saw a similar Juxtaposition ot tho figures on 12/12/1812, and tower will .uve tsti recur- rence in 2012. 