ROUND THE WORLD. The primary object of tho British Women's .Emigration Association, of which Miss Lcfroy is tho lion, secretary In London, If to benellt vomon and children who wish to go to any British colony, by protecting them on their" journey uuu uu uieir arrival (writes ine liri- Mb'a Australasiau"). Miss Lefroy explains that s 11 intouding emigrants must be Rioroughly recommended by responsible persons who have kcown them fur a considerable Lime. Tho as sociation maintains a hostel in Loudon, at 2'1, Upper Wcstbourao-terraeo, Haddington, for the accommodation ot the young women the night ccioro thoy cmburk. The association Is espe cially glad to help the superior class of women who suffer from over-competition in (his couu- iry, and who wish to find better employment lr» other parts of the Empire. In connection witb tbo association, a colonial training college hes bocn established at Stoko Prior, where stu dents are thoroughly grounded in domestic work, from (he scrubbing of doors to laundry gad dairy work. New York's first hotel bar for women has provod a failure. Tho bar was opened by the hot Vandcrbllt Hotel a few weeks ago, but it ha? not boen patronised, and the manager of tho hotel announces that it will be used herc- tdler as -a rendezvous for mcu. The bar was In on annexo to tho ladies' drawing-room, and consisted of an elaborate sideboard, attached I a the wall, presided over by an English butler. Tho women were secure from tho gaze of mas culine cyen, but they could not be tempted ; nevertheless to order drluks by themselves. The bar was opened as an experiment, and has Mown (hat New York women have not tho mas culine longing for alcoholic stimulants between meals. 1 In connection with tbo Dickens centenary j celebrations, 1100 children were entertained to ! dinner by the Dickens Fellowship at the Lara- beih Bnliis (England. The hosts and hostesses ! of the function were:— Mra. A. K. Newcomer. I Mrs. Pcruginl (Dirkcns' only surviving dnugn- 1 (cr), Mr. B. W. Matz (founder of tho Dickens , Frllowship In London). Miss F. Dickens (dnugn- j ttr of the novelist'o brother Alfred), and Miss Annie Sherlock (hen. secretary of the dinner fund). i Qucon Louise of Denmark Is the wonltlrest i Queen in Europe, and this In npito of the fact | (hat she cornea of very humble stock. One a i ter nneestorr, was a Mile. Clary, daughter of j r stockbroker of Marseilles. This lady mnr- ! rled M. Bernadotto, the celebrated French gene- ! ral, who was adopted as his heir by Kin : Chnrlcs XITT. of Sweden. Queen Louise if; no j lover of wealth for wealth's sake, however, and she has spent huge suras in various chnrl- j Mrs sineo her husband came to tho throne, j Hor Majesty is noted for her great height, nnd ! It is perhaps owing to this fact that she al- j ways dresses with the utmost simplicity. But, although she is no lover of oxpenuivc dresses, her jewels am among the finest in tho world. She is especially proud of a wonderful collec tion of pearls. Both she and the King are very religious, and thoy have set such a good example to their subjects by their regular at tendance at divine s'-rvlco that the Danish clergy seldom have to complain of empty churches. Guests with sooty, begrimed clothes and blackoncd faces attended the wedding of ' achlmney swrcp at Mae3teg (says a London paper). So proud of his call- ing wus the bridegroom that ho had hidden ail his friends of tbo brjsh to the wedding, and by his request each came in his sweep's clothes nnd bearing circular chimney-sweeping brush, the blackness of which was relieved by a white ribbon. Tho Academy of French Dancing Masters has just published the following rules for the dancer, which may bo summarised thus: — L Let your movemonts bo beautiful. 2. Thy deport ment shall be at all times correct. 3. Let thy danco be a tacit form of polltoncss. 4. Bo refined in thought. 5. Thy movements 6hnll bo as noble as thy thoughts. 6. Subject all I the muscles of tho body to n perfect training. 7\. Young man. tnko your lady respectfully by she waist; young lady, bo reserved but. graco- ful. 8. Lot your movements be approved by your understanding. 9. Your soul must cor respond to your dance. 10. Consider dancing to bo a beautiful form of physical culture. The spirit of economy which enables French people io live happily on a. small income is gradually disappearing, according to the Ameri can Consul at Havre, and a taste for luxuries is creeping In. Average ambition in France is devoted to living comfortably on a compara tively fixed income; whereas in tho United States income is regarded as over subject. In increase through effort. "Within tho last five years Franco, however, has shown. In common with other Continental count rirp, that decided heightening of the popular appetite for luxury whith has been at the bottom of t he -advanced cost of living the world over, A marked tabu for minor luxurl. Is making Itself fcli, and It Is quite evid'-nt that the difference in favor of lower cost of livitig in Franco tends to dis appear In consequence. The average family is less and less satisfied to live under ill# old conditions, in 'which economy rather Ihan pltysl- cal comfort was the rul?. Over 90 persons partook at Gurh ston 'Kng.t i of .a soa-plc. Into tho making of which there ; entered two stone of flour, six ox and sheep kidneys, 281b. of beefsteak, two stone of green vegetables, half a stone of onions, and two stone of turnips and carrots. The total weight Of tho pie wus over 2001b., and it took I wo days to cook. The New Zealand domestic servant problem seems to bo as far off solution is ever. Dur ing September of last year, at the local Go vernment Bureau at Auckland. 175 employers made application for1 domestic servants, t»ri. there were only 62 women on tho books desiring employment, and only 63 engagements were made. The number of now arrivals seeking employment as domestics does not appear to he very large, for Inst month only 15 Immigrants la that centre songht situations. These were placed In suitable positions at wages ranging from 15s to £1 10s per week. While the de mand for domestils Is over Increasing, the supply, on the other hand, scorns to ho decreas ing. In 12 months at the Auckland branch of the Labor Depari.mont there wero 2343 appli- i cations from' employers, and S93 from women desiring employment. An analysis of the?" figures further indicates that 777 "generals" were applied for. and that, only 141 offered themselves for this particular work. Mrs. AnvMn Fowler, of Wnltlfim, Mnssn chusetts. has been nominated oflklal flag- mender to the United States Government. She will be charged with the duty of meudlng all the tattcrod flags which have been captured in battle by the United States Army and Navy. Not long ago Mile. Bornhelin. a well-known Parisian actress, sued the propriotor of a fash ionable restaurant in the Bols de Boulogne for £60. Tho cause of. tho action was a dish of hot peas, which, upset by a careless waiter, fell on Mile. Bornheim's shoulder, burning her so- vcrclv and ruining a beautiful evening gown she was wearing. The sum claimed was at once awarded by the Paris Courts. A voucher for a pair of gloves, or an ar ticle of the value of 2s Cd. or cash, was offered for each 'recruit onlistod by a woman during the Territorial Week at Kingston on-Thamos, which began last month, for bringing up tho head quarter companies of tho 6th East Surroy Regi ment to full strength. The London County Council gives some guid ance as to what children desire to read. They give books to the good children In their schools, and tho children choose what they would like themselves. For two years running Hans An dersen, Robinson Crusoe, and Tom Browne have bocn the three most popular books. Some might have expected that fairy later, which were just fairy talcs would havo been preferred to An- dersen. It ought not to bo forgotten that the normal child has loss objection to sentiment and a moral than the normal adult. The child, perhaps, passes them by more easily. About 40 years ago a monument was erected to the memory of Flora Macdonald in.Kilmuir Churchyard, Scotland. Time and tho elements hnvo left their impress on the memorial, al though it has been repaired more than once. The vertical and horizontal parts have been separated, leaving a deep fissure between. The parish of Kilmuir has now taken on itself the duty of restoring the headstone of this famous woman, whose name Is revered in many parts of Scotland. When the mail left a goodly sum was in hand towards the object in view. Rov. Hugh Dalton, pastor of a popular church In Kansas City, has formed a school for mat rimony, to Increase the number of marriages I In his parish. Calling the young people of his congrogation to a church meeting recently, he announced that It was his opinion that any bachelor aged 24 years, onrtiing £15 per month, and any girl over IS years of ago, ought to marry, nnd he intended that, they should, He forthwith formed o matrimonial club for that purpose, and enrolled 50 couples. To the pre sent. members the pastor is now delivering weekly lectures on "Courting," "Buying Furni ture," "Cookiug," "Saving Money," "Rearing Children." etc., each discourse concluding with an admonition to tho effect, that the nooncr tho 50 couples assist themselves to nmbark on matrimony tho better it will be for them. Mrs. Patience Smith, a member of a famous family of gipsies in England, has died nt Leeds at the age of 103. Until three months ago eh had never slept under a roof. She had 14 children; 78 of her grandchildren and II of her great-grandchildren are still alive. Up to her Ia3t moments she retained possession of nil h« t families; her teeth wore all sound, and h-'r kali barely tinryed with grry. THREE SMART BONNETS IN SILK AND MUSLIN FOR BABIES. 