In a Nutshell. (By; the Kernel.) • Fourteen fatal accidents have occurred in connection -with the Sydney trams since the beginning of the year. • • • • A thousand square miles of country, including several lumber mills, have been burned out by forest fires at St. John's, Newfoundland. • • • • Reported that Joe Dawson, driving a National car, won the 500 miles' automobile race at Indianapolis in 8 hours 21 minutes, establishing- a new world's record. »• «« The University of Oxford has received a gift of £10,000 from Mr. Walter Morrison, an ex-MjP., to assist in the establishment of a pension fund for the professors. • • • • : Jolm Deapsey, said to be the oldest Freemason in the world, has just died in a Canadian township. He was 07 years of age and had beat a Freemason since his 21st year. • • * • Wilbur Wright who, with his brother, was one of the first and best known airmen, died at Dayton, Ohio, last week. He had been in very indifferent health for some time. • • • • A 'London cable reports that "General" Booth is in good health but the doctors give little hope of being able to preserve his eyesight, the operation recently performed having foiled • • in its object. •• Giving evidence before the Gas . Inquiry Board at Melbourne, Mr. Grace, chairman of the Metropolitan Gas Co., foreshadowed an early reduction from 5s to 4s 7d per thousand feet in the price of gas. • • • • . Another Dreadnought has been laid down at Barrow-in-Furness. She will be named the Delhi, will have a speed of 22 knots, and be armed with ten of the latest 13% inch guns throwing • • a 14001b shell. The Earl of Derby, addressing the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, said that Great Britain would gain considerably by studying Australian legislation in regard to labour troubles and disputes. In the second trial of Kellow and Kemsley on charges of defrauding the Melbourne Taxicab Co. of various sums of money, the jury, after a retirement of five hours, returned a verdict of not guilty, and the accused were discharged. • * • • Alleging that he acted in self-defence, Otto Kaiser, a non-unionist, of Zurich (Switzerland) was acquitted on the charge of killing a striker who assaulted him recently. He was set on by a number v^f strikers and had to protect himself. • * «• An aviator at Seattle (Washington), in trying to avoid a crowd of people when alighting, struck the grandstand. The machine fell upon a number of spectators, killing two and injuring twenty others. The aviator escaped with a few scratches. « • * • An Australian claimant to part of the estate of the late Duke of Fife, Stuart Bolton, died in Hertfordshire last week. He claimed to be a fourth cousin of the late Duke and had been supporting himself by playing an organ in the streets of Barnet for some time past. * * « » The retirement has been announced of Sir William Hall-Jones, High Commissioner for New Zealand in London. He contemplates making an extended tour of Great Britain before returning to New Zealand. Mr. Paleser is acting pending the appointment of a successor. • • • * The Commonwealth cruiser Melbourne was launched at Birkenhead last Thursday., the ceremony being performed bv Mrs. Braund, of Adelaide. Mr. Hitchens, .chairman of Cammell, Laird and Co., the builders, paid a tribute to the spirit of the Dominions in assuming the burdens of manhood. • • • * Giving evidence before the Totalisator Commission at Sydney a clergyman said he favoured the abolition of both bookmakers and the' tote. He had been on a racecourse 14 years ago, and it wa quite enough for him. The chairman : "You had a bad day, then." (Laughter.) • • * * Lord Kitchener, British Agent at Cairo, in his report upon Egypt states, inter alia : "The prosperity of the Soudan shows a remarkable increase. There is hardly a poor man there, and the country is on the threshold of important developments." He warns the people of the weakening effect of splitting into various factions. • • • • A municipal councillor of Southern Cross who, according to a witness, knocked a man down several times and kicked him while on the ground, although he was much the heavier man, was ordered to pay £20 damages and costs. The evidence given by a railway guard, for the plaintiff, was-greeted with applause in the court. « • • • South Africa will probably adopt a Bill dealing with the immigration problem containing an education test similar to that oi the Australian Act. In moving the second reading of the Bill the Minister for the Interior said that, while apparently the Australian Act was stiff, it admitted the application of either rigour or laxity, and made possible the encouragement of white immigration, to the exclusion of the coloured. Tae Government intends to admit a limited number of educated professional Asiatics, but would not permit an influx of others. • • •* Owing to the strike of transport workers in London, clerks, salesmen and members of the import-^ ing firms have been unloading Danish and Siberian butter at the wharves. The majority of the porters at Covent Garden -have resumed work, but dock workers and lightermen are as far from resuming as ever. It is anticipated that the London markets will be greatly congested as soon as the strike terminates, and several importers of Australian produce are asking the owners to send the vessels to Liverpool and other ports less affected. • • * • The Minister for Defence has expressed the opinioii that several London, papers were taking a short sighted view when asking that^the Commonwealth battleship Australia be left in home waters instead s of being despatched to Australian waters. He asserted that a naval force" was needed greatly in the Pacific, where Germany had a. strong fleet, and that there was no comparison with the Commonwealth naval programme "and that propounded by New Zealand. The Commonwealth policy is to have a naval force to co-operate with the British fleet; the New Zealand policy to give monetary subsidies to assist in the development of the British Navy. 