I 'SUNBEAMS. I The Municipal Council of Cue, it transpired the other day, has no fire insurance on its properties. The Kalgoorlie Covincil, on the other hand, insures everything, including buildings tnat even an experienced incendiary could hardly ignite it he tried. Some common-sense mean between the two methods would be desirable. » aQe The boast of Bertie Johnston, M.L.A. (sometime secretary of the Esperance Land and Railway League) : — " The present Government are putting an cud to the ' preference to Asiatics,' which has resulted, from Liberal Administra tions in the past." In token of winch the present Governrixent granted two 'leases of Crown land to Asiatics in the North and let a Perth house to a Chinese, who sublet it to a demirep. Amusing bit of snuffle, isn't it ? . British architects refused to engage in the competition for Federal r.a.nital designs, regarding- King' O'-Malley's conditions ns insufferable the prizes consequently went to foreigners. Yet' when the Fisher Government wanted ' re03 .or nevv Commonwealth offices in London, according to Jos. Thomas, they " left it absolutely to the High Commissioner to. choose the anlest and most/gifted architect in the United Kingdom, and have complete confidence in his choice." A trifle in consistent. . . Notwithstandiitg that marriage with ri deceased wife's sister was legalised m England twio or three vears ago, the Bishop of Oxford is reported . to lave declared that " the church law treats marriage with a deceased wife's sister as incestuous, and Canon 109 requires us to refuse Communion to 'hose ronton-) inrr it." Pomnare this h aught" attit.ude with the treatment extended to the unspeakable Nash, who) v asn t unfrocYed for his repeated amorous adventures, but was actually promoted from a cauonry to an " arch deaconry. Imagine Nash refusing com- unin'on to a man who has married vf rie's sister on the ground that he is an incestuous reprobate 1 . ' '' " as " Bulletin " has been tell'ng Austraha for the last ten .years that iieetrade is a? dead as a doormat. Judging bv recent, happenings, it , is a rem nr Y abb- bealthv =oxt of cornse. Listen to this from the Democratic Convention at Baltimore : — The platform? committee of the convention recommends that the first j plank of the Democratic plat-N form should be an immediate and gradual reduction oE the tariff, especially upon the necessaries of life. Mean i jig, in effect, that the most nowertul party in the most protec tionist country in the universe' has declared for &P; immediate reduction , . tariff a's a first step towards ultimate free -trade. American Presidents, and President ial candidates, are , mostly lawyers when they aren't colonels — very often, like Roosevelt, they are both. With- Woodrow Wilson, . whom the Democrats have at last picked as their champion,' there, is introduced rather a "novel type in the person of a University ofresor. Wilson is a distinguished scholar end was for many years prin cipal of Princeton University. He only took to politics a few years ago, and his notable success as a reforming egpney soon set htm looking for bigger fields than the State of New Jersey to con-uer. Now,- of a sudden, he finds himself the nominee of his party for the biggest e-ection fight the world can offer— with brighter chances than any Democrat since the days of .Grover Cleveland. Wilson is in his 56th year, of Scots JYish parents, .a southerner born and bred. . . We hear lots about wireless tele graphy, even in Australia, although the Federal Government £as shown almost criminal slowness1 in utilising tba invention and compelling steam ship ownere to utilise it. But how many know that its. inevitable corol lary, wireless telephony, is already in full swing in at least one part of the world ? " Wireless-' telephones," Bays a Copenhagen paper, ' " are about to be installed upon all passenger steam ers and ferry boats which ply between Sweden and Germany, and twenty wireless telephone-' stations -are to be erected upon the Danish, German Swedish . coasts." Truly, the little Scandinavian kingdoms are leading tho world in their determination to be first to profit by the latest teachings of science. We wonder when ths first wireless 'phone will tinkle (or rustle) its call in this great laggard land. A pretty row is likely to arise in Sydney over . the . treatment experi enced by the Governor-General in the Birthstain City. That viceregal per son, it seems, has been , served with a notice to quit Government House, which is required by the State for other purposes. This has, not un naturally annoyed his Ex., who re marks that if he has to leave Sydney after the fathion '"of 'an evicted tenant, he will leave it for good and all. The State Government, not relishing the prospect of being held responsible for the serious blow to local ' trade that such a decision would involve, are hurriedly trying to put the blame on the Federal Ministry, on. the ground that they failed to make proper pro vision for the housing of Denmart despite the knowledge that their lease, of his present- dug-out was . approaching ter mination. Andy Fisher and McGowan will probably battle the matter out between them, while Deakini and Wade sit back smilinglv and listen to the recriminations. Chancellor Lloyd George) the impet uous Celt with the gift for phrase-, coining, computes the " idle- rich " of Great Britain af'two millions. " They lounge about the London clubs, make motoring or golf the serious occupa tion of then- lives, or walk the coun try with gun's on their shoulders and dogs at tbeir heels." A true enough picture in the main, perhaps, yet the word artist, like his brother of the pen or pencil, is. . often hopelessly wrong in matters 0f detail. The man who wanders afield in England, gun on shoulder aiul dog at heelj -is mpstly a good sportsman and a keen one— a thing nobody was ever a- wox-se citizen for being. The idle rich has an at tendant to carry and load his gun for him, and his ame — be they pheasants, grouse, or even partridges— are driven over him nowadays by beaters. In fact, we suspect that the man with gun on shoulder nnd dog at heel is becoming as extinct as Squire West ern, and what remains of him would enjoy himself, almost as little among the slayers of dyiven grouse and> rock eting, hand-fed pheasants as Lloyd Gbortre.. hinjself;; But felien rt 'Chancel lor />f the Exchequer can't be expected to know everything. Glenelg (S.A.)" and Tumut (N.S.W.) are often quoted us names of Austra- uan towns that spell the same way either . forwards or backwards. This paper herewith nominates' Nallan,- a wood siding on the Murchison, as VV.A. s contribution to the competi tion. Any more entries ? » xT.'Un10rC>US braggadocio . from the Governor-General's Speech . There has been a very marked \- increase in the volume of oversea immigration, to which the land tax and general policy of my advisers has largely contributed. The last statement is as untrue as it is ungr-ammatical. '« The State executive of the A.L.F. jfu . the S.A. Government for the tdelay m constructing the Trans, continental Railway.. Too thin. ' If i 18 r blocking the construction works at Port Augusta, what can be be reasn for the delay on this side of the border where the land question was setLed loog ago? The fact is tnat tns -U ederal Government is mnk- nig the most of a trivial dispute with 71 11 Australia in the hope of hiding a J - e="S'10Us bungling of the Home Affairs Department, and no one knows it better than the A.L.F. Peter McAlister was presented -with a purse of £200 by his Melbourne admirers " for his services to Austra lian cricket. Peter was a fine bats man in his day, and should have had two trip3 to England before 1909, but. it is questionable iE his greatest ser vice to the game"1 was not performed when he told Clem Hill that the latter couldn't captain test teams for' nuts. That piece of candor brought matters to a head in the squabble between the Board of Control and the Players. Also, incidentally, it earned Peter an other sort of "head." But the £200 will more than pay for sticking-plas ter. : ' John Forrest's retort is the - most ef. fective of all to those who contend that a show of military force during the Brisbane general strike would have been more likely to provoke violence than curb it. Quoth J ohn, pertin ently : , The military had been called out three times in Australia1, and on not one occasion had there been bloodshed. In other words, the maxim " Si vis paeem, para bellum " is just as good for internal disturbances as foreign threat emngs . ; But the fact doubtless "is that the Fisher Government did not refuse Premier Denham's request for troops because they thought it un reasonable but because thev dared not grant it. . ' ' It was the old. Liberal and Reform leaguers of ' Bacchus Marsh who brought Alfred Deakin into political existence 33 years ago. A strong was necessary to successfully engage Robert Harper (afterwards M.ILR.), who was then a very powerful man on the Conservative side. The little band of Bacchus Marsh' Liberal patriots' straightway decided to go to Mel bourne and pick aN candidate them selves. - Arrived at tho southern capi tal their first port of call was the "Ags " office. David Syme was; then, the great " power behind the throne," the uncrowned king of Victorian de mocracy. The deputation stated blunt ly that they were looking for. a can didate. "Well," said Syme reflectively, almost reluctantly, " there's a young gentleman in my . office whom I would be very sorry to lose, but, if you are stuck, I'll introduce you to him." The young man was Deaxin, than a youth of 23. Be duly won the seat. When a Senator dies or forfeits his seat before his term of office has ex pired, hi3 successor is elected (if the State Parliament is in session— other wise the Government makes the ap pointment) ljy a majority of the two State Houses sitting together. This works oue all right when one side has a clear majority (as the Liberals have in South Australia just now) but it mighty create a niighty awkward situa tion where the parties are so evenly divided as they au in the West./ For instance, the W.A. \Parliament consists oi 39 Liberals, 40 pledged Laborists, and one betwixt-and-betweener, which his name is Kirwan. If one of our Senators pulled out at the present time the Speaker would have to pre side over the joint sitting, in which event the successful candidate, who ever he, (or she) might be, would"' be the nominee of one man. Such a situation would bristle with interesting possibilities. Imagination pictures Kirwan conferring a Senatorship on Sid Hocking, or gravely and deliber ately deciding in favor of himself. Mickyfranky Troy, as a Speaker, seeui3 too rancorously partisan even fpr some of the not least turbulent members of his own party. Extract from the no-confidence debate : The Speaker ordered Mr. Monger to resume his seut. After , protest-, ing, the latter did 90. Mr. Mitchell then rose, when Mr. McDowall said he thought Mr. Monger should be heard. He did not wish to see any member gag ged. Mr. Monger rose again, when the Speaker said he would decline to bear him till he apologised. Mr. Holman : I move that the member for York be heard. The Speaker put the question, which was carried oil the voices. This is what comes of making the ono position in the House that calls for dignified impartiality a sort of conso lation' prize for the chap who has just missed a portfolio, altogether irrespec tive of his fitness or unfitness. A baronet named Sir Cosmo Duff- Gordon seems to have lately mopped up .some oi the iufelicitous limelight from, the Titanic disaster originally monopolised by J. Bruce Ismay. The London illustrated papers teem with pictures of him, in the witness box "and out of it, and facsimiles of the £5 cheques he gave to his rescuers stare out from many pages. The al legation, or insinuation, against Duff- Gordon and his /wife, who managed', somehow to get into a boat where there were hardly uny other passen gers, is that their protests prevented the sailors from going back to rescue the drowning, ana there is no dopbt that such a course would have saved many lives. The charge against the Duff-Gordons, if not substantiated at the enquirv, can hardly be said to have been entirely disproved. One witness, at all events, stuck to the storv, and it looks as if there was a feeling there might have been more but for the £5 cheques," which the home press so carefully reproduces. The baroiiDt, however, wasn't at all rattled or confused in the witness box, and Jinav vet .live down, not only his submission to - beinc trescned, hut his acquiescence— if nothing ,_mor e— in the non-rescue of others. 