Advice to competent Liberals about to apply for a Government billet under the spoils - to - the - victors* regime Don't! . ' : * * Yet another modern leviathan has gone to the bottom. These never-end- ing marine disasters., aire* getting on people's nerves. Is the hand of the shipbuilder forgetting its cunning, or is navigation a lost art? ' . . ?. . Of 3263 souls aboard the Titanic 2688 are reported as missing. Tet, ac^ cording to. Wellington's . Despatches, vol. 12, page 485, only 2047 British and Hanoverians -were killed in the Battle of Waterloo. Truly peace bas its tra- gedies more deadly than those of war. ... . . "They were prepared to tract the people. The labor Party were never afraid to trust thé people.'' Thus the virtuous Thomas H- Bath, speaking in support of the Labor Jcandidate for the Metropolitan Province. Tommy should have added-"except when they want a rise in salary." * « . About this time last year the dis- trict in which Dwellingup is situated voted against any increase of licenses. Since then the "Temperance-Labor Government" has established a State pub. at Dwellingup," and placed'ah êx bookmaker in charge of the Joint. How do the cold-tea crowd like it? The skull of "Bertie" Johnston, M.L.A_, of Wickepin and Esperance land notoriety, is swelling like a poi- soned pup: Addressing, a G.S. audi- ence the other hight, he coolly invited them to elect a Labor member for the South Province, "because if returned," quoth the jumped-up jackanapes, "he will be of assistance to ME." "Assis- tance to Johnston! They almost make' one - despair of democracy, -these' in- flated . ignoramuses and. unabashed; bounders. If the Sydney "Newsletter" can " be believed, W. M. Hughes, the brains of the Federal Labor Party, -is gravely UL "He is suffering from nervous ex- haustion," writes the Sydney oracle, "and total deafness is feared. His life can only be saved by absolute and im- mediate retirement from politics." "The Sunday Times" trusts it isn't as bad as that. Labor-in-politics can spare several tons of Buzacotts, Needhams, Lynches, Mahons and de Largles, but it can't spare Little Billee Hughes. Do we sleep? Do we dream? Are there visions about? Two of the grounds on which Labor Minister Drew, who seeks re-election to the Upper House, is appealing for votes are <1) that he has nothing whatever to do with the Rural Workers' Union; and (2) that he refused to grant a rise of wages to the Government garden- ers: Reminds its that it wasn't a Labor but a Conservative politician who said. that "the greatest social reform would be" a rise in wages:" Thc Adelaide Labor paper ls punc- tiliously, polite. Bealing: with the pil- fering of letters in the Perth Post Office it remarks, with old-world cour- tesy, that "Mr. William Beckett, tem- porarily employed as ah assistant, was' seen to take a number of letters and make for the lavatory j" also that Mr. Beckett was arrested and seven letters were 'found in his possession. Coarse- grained cynics may cavil at the' use of courtesy -titles in criminal cases,' " but politeness is so rare in this world of ours. Í . .. . I" Tie newly-arrived "pommy", is ex- ceedingly partial to fruit. The day that an immigrant ship arrives is a day of rejoicing among the vendors of grapes and apples, for the junk-jaded strangers besiege the barrows and swarm into the shops until their fruit hunger is satisfied, Tou may know the lad from Lancashire by the apple that he munches. ' His track through the dense forest that extends from Perth station to the Immigrants' Home is littered with skins and cores. In- cidentally the sight of twenty or thirty green-capped immigrants taking large bites out-of Jonathans and Cleopatras adds a pleasing touch of rusticity to Hunter's Corner. Protection "Is getting played out everywhere. A cable from Berlin states :-"There is a growing move- ment for an, inquiry into the effects of protectionism. Dr. Gothein, a mem- ber of the Reichstag, in an article in the "Berliner Tageblatt," predicts that an impartial inquiry will disclose the need for an entirely new economic policy." So, too, we find even the Mel- bourne ."Leader," one of the Syme group of papers, admitting in its issue of April 6 that "prohibitive tariffs'^ tend to diminish .production, and .lead to à rise in prices. It is only the "Bul- letin"-the blind and rheumy old "Bul- letin"-that continues to deposit roast pork at the feet of its gimcrack joss. . . . P.M.G. Charley Frazer has approved of a new design for a Commonwealth postage stamp which is making East- ern newspapers grin consumedly. Ac- cording to the Melbourne "Argus," it consists of "a white map of Australia, with a piebald kangaroo endeavoring to look placid though evidently suffer- ' ing from a severe attack of dyspepsia. | Or perhaps the animal's attitude is , not due to dyspepsia, but to the ne- j cessity of keeping his ears out of Cambridge Gulf while his tail points to the Federal capital." There is also (it is alleged) some other object in the offing which may be either a rab j bit or a bunch of kangaroo grass. The i design has excited such a storm of ridicule that its abandonment is a cer- tainty. . . . . The "West Australian" is wrong in ! saying that the Liberal candidate for ' Werriwa is "A. H. Convey." The real ! Simon Pure is Arthur Conroy, better known as "Conroy of the Gap." He was a fellow-member with Kirwan in the first House of Representatives be- fore defeat had permanently soured the gloomy Esperantist, and the pah are alleged to have sworn undying friendship with one another and un- changeable fidelity to Free Trade. But the Labor Party came down like a dingo on the fold, and the breadth of a continent now separates Kirwan from Conroy, while their politics are Poles apart. "Eheu! fugaces, Postume, Postume."" The years fly away and friendships rot and politicians rat. When the establishment of an Impe- rial Trade Commission was decided upon at the Imperial Conference, Andy Fisher sagely observed that its suc- cess or failure would depend on the in- tellectual calibre of the commission- ers. "The personnel should," he said, "be of such a character to incluse men of the highest standing. Otherwise, the members would be received, though with courtesy, yet with indif- ference." In thc light of which smug deliverance it is interesting to note that, whereas the Canadian, South African and New Zealand Commis- sioners are all Cabinet Ministers, the Australien representative on the Com- mission Is a tenth-rate Labor politi- cian, who lost his seat at the S.A. elections. The Spoils-to-the- Victors Government Ss evidently determined that the Australian delegate shall ba received with the "courteous indiffer- ence" due to an obscure party hack. The State coal mine in Victoria has proved a financial .failure, and the men are now on strike! À cynical- answer, this, to the oft-repeated contention that the, nationalisation of coal mines would prevent strikes. .1 . « . Norseman possesses a tcitizen wear- 1 ing the historic name of Laurence Sterne. He is a direct descendant oS the creator bl Tristram- Shandy. The i man responsible, for the oft-quoted but dubiously reliable observation that "God tempers" the wind ' to the shorn lamb" died in 1768. . . . . ? Through lack, ot steamers and lack -of co-operation amone; the Govern- ments Australia is losing 50,000 tomi-, grants this year. "It is easier to cre- ate an emigration boom than to cre- ate a fleet of ships able to carry the emigrants to. . the .Commonwealth," comments the. "British Australasian," bitterly. . . . " "West" cable: Miss Qnimby, an American, flew an aeroplane from Dover to Lon- don on Wednesday. She is the first woman to cross the Channel j on an aeroplane. Clever young thing! A mere male bi- ped couldn't fly from Dover to London across the Channel. Again the eternal fitness, of things. "Paddy King," the pugilist, has nomi- nated for a seat on the calamitous- ly chaotic Collie Council, which sorely 1 needed a good reliable chucker-out. Imagination conjures up grateful vis- ions bf "Paddy" supporting the cbair with a straight left and rebutting the arguments of the opposition with per- suasive uppercuts and convincing right hooks. -?- ? .rn m. - . The-unkindest cut of . all ,in the "Miner"-M"Kenzie appeal case, came neither from the prosecution nor the judges, but from the newspaper's own counsel. Quoth Keenan: - .'.. I don't' suppose the article in question was read by half-a-dozen people. People are in the last stages of decay when they take to reading-leading articles. (Laugh- ter.) < The ""Miner' determinedly suppressed this piece of brutal candor, whether in its own interests or those of journal- ism generally is- a nice question. . . . The cables indicate that Roosevelt of the sugar-coated platitudes and the large teeth is going to be slugged- out in his fight with Taft. Republican journalists have been raking over the ashes of his Presidential past,' and' have stuffed Taft's glove with this flinty fact: On the 4th of March next I shall have served three and a half years, and this three and a half years constitute my - first term. Under no circumstances will I be a candidate for or a^fept another rtntntnotinTi-Theodore Roosevelt, Nov, 8, Í904. It is a politician's privilege, as it is a woman's, to change his mind. But he mustn't do it with the violence of a ¡locomotive leaping off <a broad-gauge ¡line. " . . . ; Cr. Ardagh, Labor candidate for the j North-East ' Province; expounds ' his 'views on the House'which he aspires to enter: By constant, agitation -during thc "... past lOryears the democratic sec-, j tion of ! the, people has-been able : to induce the Legislature to reduce i the franchise from £25 to £17. Eventually by such - reforms we shall be able to accomplish the desired wish of the vast majority i of the people-that is, the aboli- tion of the Legislative Council. |Not a bit of it The lower the fran- chise is made the more representative of thc people the Council becomes, and the more representative lt becomes the harder it will be tb abolish. To talk of "mending or ending" is com- mon sense; to talk of "mending with a view to ending" is clotted foolishness.. . . . Barrier "Labor Truth" calls upon the Broken Hill unionists to "take a de- cided stand" against (i.e., resist) the compulsory training scheme. "Militant Unionist Alf. Giles is again to be pro- secuted for not allowing his son to be trained as a murderer," wails the organ of the Barrier unions. "It is a mon- strous thing that because a mau ob- jects to his son learning to dip his hands in the/blood of innocent work- ers of other nations, or being used as strike- breaker in bis own country, he should be prosecuted." May be so; but if a French, German. Russian, Aus- trian, Italian, Spanish, . Portuguese, Scandinavian, Turkish, Greek, Dutch, Danish, Japanese, or South American parent forcibly raised the same ob- jection he would be sent to. gaol for a long term. Britain and the United States are the only civilised countries that haven't got some form of compul- sory service, and the time is coming when the Mother Country at least will have to fall in line. . . . . From a spirited account in the "West Australian" of a day with the Federal trawler;- v AU in readiness, the word to let go was given, and the huge net and otter boards-their name be- ing derived from the purpose for which boards at the ends of a trawling net were first used, name- ly, to catch otters' at home- sank1 to the bottom. We never heard before that they trawled for otters, either at home or away from home. This paper had an idea that the sea otter was generally shot, and the river otter hunted with dogs. But while we live we learn. Another odd feature of the Federal trawler, according to the "West," is that her greatest draft is the same as her moulded depth, viz., lift. 9in. This means that when she is drawing lift 9ip. the officers and crew can indulge in an invigorat- ing swim. It ls to be hoped that they are properly grateful for the Government's thoughtful re- gard for their comfort. . . . After a florid description of his thrilling adventures in a neck of the woods infested with stay-busks, dead marines and other ferocious canner biles, the leader of the Comic Cuts Expedition sat down breathless but happy. The chairman announced that Mr. Comic Cuts would be pleased to answer questions, and Roaring Rufus, of Pilbarra, a rough-cut sleeper with cheerful grin and -a red tie, rose to the occasion, not forgetting his feet. .Roaring Rufus: I only want to ask two questions, Mr. Chairman: (1) Who financed the expedition? (2) Does Mr. Comic Cuts pretend to be an explorer? Dead silence for thirty seconds, dur- ing which the Eminent Explorer look- ed as savage as a nature-student whose stewed gohanna bas disagreed with him. The Chairman: I won't permit the questions. They are an insult to Mr. Comic Cuts and the AN.A Undiminished cheerfulness of Roar- ing Rufus. Obvious relief of the Dis- tinguished Discoverer, who had gone very white behind his explorer's beard. 