M^f^K_ ||MK ^^^^^ tf^^MBft tf^^^^K ^^^^^^^^^^» ^^^^^^ _ rp HERB uprose an elo -*- quent speaker, ex horting his fellows to remain shoulder to shoulder, and sacrifice themselves if need he by walking to and fro to their daily toil ra ther than sup port the Tram ways Co. by riding in cars manned by blar.k-lpp-s and seceders. And when— amidst hearty applause— he had fin ished his oration he stepped into his pony trap and drove to his own home. 'He's a good boss is Badger,' said one brawny son of Queensland, reaching for a match and strik ing it. 'When my brother's missus and kids were ill, and he on the car at night, Badger sent a nurse to them at his own expense to tend them. He's a white man.' 'Won't have anythink that isn't Yankee made in his house,' returns a youngster with a red ribbon fluttering from his button-hole. 'Jams and pickles muet all be stars an' stripes.' 'Suppose his beef and bread and early milk is American too,' jeers a third. Here a weary work girl explains that after standing till eleven p.m. in a soft drinks shop on Friday night she had to walk to a far suburb. She doesn't understand the union — ' 'Tisn't as if they had any real grievance,' she says sadly. 'And I say that hanyone's as good as hanyone helse!' shouts a rough-looking fellow, and a hand ful of tram men, who have been refused work on the cars because the wearing of the Union badge while on duty Is against the company's regula tions, agree heartily. A middle- aged man, whose attire bespeaks a waterside worker, offers to fight the motor- man on a George-street car, but a mounted police-officer rides between. A feeble old dame of some eighty summers, shakes a tremulous fist at our conductor. 'Where is your badge?' she shrills. The man smiles broadly and punches her section. 'It's on the workers that the trouble falls,' says a Mother of Five, laden with bundles — 'not on the folk who have motors and can afford to pay cab fares.' Everywhere is a sudden outbreak of bicycle. The old machine, on which the fowls have roosted, or which had lain in the spider- haunted darkness of lumber rooms, is dragged out and oiled for Tom's nightly use. Tom can't give up seeing his best eirl because the trains aren't runnine. and the man with the motor bicycle is superior to all fluctuations of traffic . . and looks it. A furniture motor-van toots past, carrying a crowd of employees returning from work. Seven p.m., no more trams till morning .'? . and a visitor 'Who didn't know' is stuck out in a trainless, cab-less suburb . . with a dinner engagement unful filled at North Quay. In front of an hotel . . the obvious inspiration . . a hollow-chested, thin-armed individual, whose inches might be five feet two in heels, states his firm and adjectived opinion that the motor-men should be dragged off the cars! One remembers the burly physique of some of the drivers. . . 'Shoot 'em all down!' shrieks a bushy-bearded male to the alarm of pacific female relatives, and one speculates as to 'which side' he refers to. On every lip are two words. One is 'Badger' (he has reached the distinction conferred on noblemen, artists, and successful writers, of los ing his prefix), and the other word is 'trams.' . . And the signs of the times are mounted police officers, on their fine horses, patrolling Queen street, and Union pickets, idling on the side walk.— M. Forrest. ? : o : ? AT the opening ceremony of the new factory of the Maleny Co-operative Dairy Com pany, which, by the way, is costing well on to £7000, His Excellency the Governor (Sir Wil liam MacGregor) had something to say on the Australian dairy cow. In Denmark, he said, the average yield of milk was 800 gallons per cow, while the average yield for Australia was given as 250 gallons, and for Queensland 210 gallons. The Danish cow, therefore, gave four times as much as the Australian. In Germany tne yield was 520 gallons per cow, or twice the average of Australia. How did they explain the difference? It was said by the Danes that it was due to selection. The British had the best beef cattle in the world, but the Danish cattle were better for milk. There were some people who were very much perplexed to find a cross which would give a lot of milk and a lot of beef — a dual purpose cow. Whether such could be done remained to be seen. The Danes were satisfied with butter, and tested their cows, rejecting any that did not come up to the standard. It was high time we began a sys^| of selection here. It would mean a lot of troj|ffi5 but he was perfectly sure they would not mind that. At the same function, the Minister for Agricul ture mentioned that the Government had in augurated a system of herd-testing, but only some 114 farmers had taken advantage of the opportun ity. This year he proposed to go a step further, and set up a standard. Every cow reaching that standard would be branded, and so her character would be established, even if she were put in a saleyard. THE trouble In tne ranks of the tramway men over the wearing of the badge can hardly be said to have fizsled out, but so far as the streets are concerned a stranger would hardly guess that any serious difficulty is existent The company is keeping up a fairly good day-light service, but after dark all the cars have been taken off every night at seven o'clock. Since the first three days there has been little or no excitement among the public, and this, in a great measure, is due to the pre cautions taken by the Commissioner of Police. Both mounted and foot constables have been on duty in the prin cipal streets for the past week, and a few timely arrests and fines for hurling filthy language at the conductors and motor-men who stuck to their posts have been the means of curbing the passions of unionists who seemed to be on mischief bent. When there has been any sign of an un necessary gathering in the streets during the day-time, the police have promptly moved the crowds on. The Trades Hall folk have the matter in hand, and mass and committee meetings have been held daily. An invitation to the man ager of the Tramway Company to confer was not accepted. Mr. Badger has, at all times, expressed himself as being willing to meet the employees or ex- employees of the com pany, but he bars outsiders. Up to Tuesday last the posi tions were open to those men who had been suspended, on condition that they were willing to abide by the re gulations of the company, but after that time the manager intended to fill the vacancies with out siders; and it is stated that he has had applica t i o n s from many parts of the State, and even from some of the Southern Sta tes. Some of the badge wearers have resumed work, and others have signified their in tention of doing so. The public are, of course, suffering some inconvenience, but they are patiently borne, their sympathy seemingly being with the men running the cars. T\ URING the last few weeks the persistent -L' and annoying mosquito has become a regu lar nuisance, especially in gardens. For the early weeks of the summer there was a marked short age in the ranks of these persecutors of the human race, but latterly re-inforcements have ar rived from somewhere, with the result that most people are both annoyed and discomforted. What the immigrants from oversea think of them is hardly known, but one occasionally sees a strong looking young man or woman, whose skin would almost indicate the presence of a mild attack of small-pox. The Commissioner for Public Health is under the impression that the increase of the mosquitoes during the last few weeks is due to prevailing winds that have blown them in from their haunts to the city. Another opinion is that there has been such a small rainfall lately that breeding-places have not been disturbed by the usual overflow to streams where small fish feed on the larvae. That the glare of the Queensland sun-light is too strong for the propagation of mosquito larvae seems to be proved by what fol lows. In the writer's garden there Is a small cemented hole, which he constructed a year or two ago, when he kept a few ducks, but which were got rid of because of the trouble they gave. This hole, which contains about ten or a dozen gallons of water has been kept full ever since by a tap just above it; but even the fowls do not use it, probably because, being exposed to the sun all day, the water is nearly always luke-warm, or pretty hot. The water is stagnant, but kept clean. Strange to say, however, a mosquito larva has never been seen in the water, while in a small fountain, a few yards away, with about half-a-eallon of water fixnosprl lrpnt. in tho cViario for the fowls, mosquitoes literally breed in thousands. For the first time, and rather against his will, the writer kero sened this to-day. The Health Department contemplate a raid on the pest shortly, and plans are now being matured. TV her 670,000 square miles of territory; with her varied ?*? climate and rainfall; her highlands and her lowlands; there is hardly a mentionable fruit that cannot be pro duced in this State of Queensland. The marketing of her fruit products, especially in distant markets, is a problem that must be grappled with, and if successfully done, so much the better for fruit-growers and the public generally. At the present time much of the fruit that is produced goes to waste, owing to various causes, but it may be interesting to mention that the value of the fruit produced in 1910 was within a few pounds of four hundred thousand; to be precise, £397,481. The experi ments now being conducted by the Department of Agriculture, with a view to discovering the keep ing qualities of fruit under cool storage condi tions, will be watched with a great deal of inter est from many quarters, and particularly so, as the procedure so far is very encouraging. This week a case of Burbank plums has been opened up that had been in the cold stores for over five weeks, and their condition at the end of the period is said to have been magnificent. They were kept in a temperature of 42 deg. fahr., the packing being a paper wrapper round each fruit, and the whole put in maize chaff. The Instructor in Fruit Culture (Mr. C. Ross) expects even better results if packed in wood wool. Plums now in the chamber at a temperature of 34 deg. promise to keep another month. Apri cots have also been tried. After a month's stor age cases were taken out, placed in a shop win dow, and allowed to remain there for six days without more effect than on ordinary fruit. They had been picked green, and the sugar contents were not so good as in the fruit ripened on the tree, otherwise there was nothing to denote that the fruit had been subjected to cold storage. This is good news, and it is to be hoped that experi ments will be made with other fruit. In fact, over-sea experiments are now being tried, and results are being eagerly awaited. ON all sides a keen disappointment is felt owing to the continued dry spell. Especial ly is this the case on the Downs, where matters are getting very serious. Further west intense heat prevails, and in some places hot winds and fires are doing an amount of damage so severe that timber-getters and others are obliged to cease work. The sale of country property is easing off somewhat. Would-be settlers are holding back for more favourable conditions. Thunder-storms in scattered places give a little relief, but what is wanted more than anything else is a good, soaking rain of some days' duration right through the State. Given that in the near future, things will again soon be righted, and the doleful man will cheer up. The won derfully recuperative properties of the rich coastal belt are well known, but the country out beyond the ranges is simi larly responsive to rainfall, the difference being that in the back country means to conserve the rain that falls need to be employed by human beings who desire Nature's richest rewards. 27 BOTANIO GARDENS, MARYBOROUGH. MOREHEAD CASCADE, N.Q. m The Tram- ?« M way Trouble '8 | Danish and A| 1 1 Australian U P Dairy Covvs fi m The Mosqui- TO jj to Pest I || Cold Storage m H of Fruit. gf y o ? . §? »T1HE Minister S gH for Agricul- %£ Jkt ture announced Bra ' |U his intention of In W) setting up a M 'iXj standard for Wm ;:K herd -test ing p.]/ W which he hoped Yfijr [A would be taken m W» up by farmers M 4] more thorough- Sjg) M ly than hitherto. E|( 