MODERN AGRICULTURE. LESSONS FROM AMERICA. FUTURE OF AUSTRAIkAN PRO DUCERS. QUESTION OF METEODS AND MARKETS. (By Our Special Correspondent.) No. 46. The concluding article of this series will deal with a subject-that is of special interest' just now, viz., the export butter trade and London market methods as they affect Aus tralian interests. Before dealing with' the subject, however, it will be advisable, as a summing-up, to speak of the lessons I learnt during my tour abroad, and the lessons tc be learned by the Australian producers from those of other countries, particularly America and Denmark. A Comparison. The opinion generally expressed by those who have paid a visit to other countries is that Australia is as good, if not better, than most of them. And after dispassionate 4y considering the merits of all of them no other conclusion can possibly be arrived at. Giving full weight and prominence to oc casional bad years, as an agricultural coun try Australia can more than hqld its own. The question of whether Australia is a bet ter country than others, however, is not the main thing. It is important from an immigration point of view, but to those who have already settled here and intend-to rennin, the question that most interests them is how they can best improve their methods and enlarge their returns. In the previous articles I have merely referred to what has interested me most as an agri culturist and described hAe most conspicu ous features in the practice of farming, principally in the United States and in Den mark. Those two countries were selected for a special reason. In the case /of the former the climatic conditions and the crops grown correspond in many places' to those Australia must place her dependerce upon, while with the latter it stands to-day as the most progressive and advanced agricul tural country in the world, and it has attain ed its eminence, not because of its natural suitability, but in spite of its many natural disadvantages. Denmark's Supremacy. To deal with the latter first. Denmark awes its agricultural supremacy first and foremost to Co-operation. The explanation given by a celebrated Scottish agriculturist, who visited Denmark as a special commis sioner, that the three causes of the mar :vellous progress that country has made were:-(1) Co-operation; (2) Co-operation; and (3) Co-operation, is, in the main, cor rect. It is Go-operation that has -enabled them to improve their farming methods as well as their selling methods. And that is a point that .is too frequently over looked. We, who look for our salva-. tion to Co-operation, will find that it is go ing to increase our annual returns enor mously; but eventually (if ever the prin -ciple is consummated) methods will be im proved and production increased. Co-opera tion to-day is the Australian farmers' great est need. The evils against which the Dan ish dairymen and the Californian fruit growers struggled so desperately for years are threatening us. Our isolation and re moteness from our markets accentuate our danger. An oficer, who, investigated the lemon industry along the Mediterrandan lit toral a year or two ago, reported that Cali forni4g. with its high-priced labour, could compete succeasfully against the cheap Euro pean labour, because' the industry was or ganised. "Between the time the.fruit leaves the orchards and its reaching the hands of the consumer it has to pay commission five or six times, and not infrequently nine or ten times." Six or seven men, in other words, have to extract their profit from it before any comes to the producer. ,Den mark suffered'the same experience with its butter. Australian Producers' Obstacles. Australia is paying toll on all her exports.A The'commission agent waxes' fat upon the labour of the farmer. The man who grows the stuff concerns himself in no way with the disposal of it. Up to the present the farmer has not been disposed to bestir him self, and the hgent is not.likely to kick. Pro vided the agent leaves us with sufficient to live upon, we sre content. We grumble, but we do' not resist. Our dairy farmers have made some attempt at combined ef fort, but in almost every one of their agree ments the essential principle is lacking. They band themselves into Co-operative so cieties, but they do not bind themselves. The. principle executive officers of the Dan ish and Californian association informed me that it was the penal clauses of the agree' ment that kept the organisations together for the first few years. It must be\clear to everyole] that without such provisions as heavy fines for those who join a society and then sell their produce through private channels, the society must quickly crumble away. And that is why our Co-operative societies have not taken complete possession of the dairying industry throughout our Eastern States. A farmer joins a society, but the following week a proprietary firm will offer slightly more than current rates for his cream, and the farmer accepts. The proprietary firm makes good that extra little bit in a very short time, with a little to the good,; and the Co- operative society is weakened. It is strong dnlv in numbers, not in influence. The associations are dis inteerated and farmers cannot bring their combined weight to bear in their negotiaf tions with the shipping companies, with the local sellers, or with the foreiyhn buyers. It is the same with all our other exports wheat, mutton, and fruit. The producer relies upon the agent, and he is ever at his mercy. From the point of view of commercial economy. and granting that every agent was as honest as the day, the present system-is the most expensive to the producer and to the consumer. State Inaction - The indifference of the farmer to co operation is, however, his own affair. The indifference of State or Federal departments to the transoortation of our Droducts is an other matter, and one which affects the fu ture of our industries. Because the ships which trade with Australian ports are now fitted with refrigeration chambers, we sit back and accept this as the solution of our transportation problems. America, with' a ten days' voyage, and with such hardier sfuff as wheat and maize has found that it has paid her handsomely 'to investigate the causes of the change the produce undergoes during transit. Australia, relying largely on its butter and its fruit, two of the most easily perishable forms of produce, does nothing. The producer or the exporter who pays for refrigerator space may or may not get it. He has no check upon the companies. Orchardists have repeatedly asked for self-recordin" thermometers, which would indicate the extent and the na ture of the fluctuations of temperature between Australia and Europe. Even that trifling innovation has not yet been joined. Every year the question of securing space recurs. The shipping companies re gret that the arrangements c;innot be al tered, and the produce suffers. These are our main difficulties. It is not a matter of our distance' from the markets, but one of inability to improve our transportation. As for disposal of our produce abroad this is a question which 'cannot easily be' settled. That producers do lose, and lose heavily under the existing arrangements, is gene rally admitted, but what new system is to be desired to meet the case is one that only a commercial man with a knowledge of the conditions obtaining in London and else where can decide. Selling and Transport. With co-operation" the present troubles' would be obviated, but without it someone else must provide a remedy. Everyone wfho has sold even as little as a box of oranges knows the evils of the commission system, and the inability to discover what the fruit actually sold for, and when thousands of boxes, may be. are being disposed of 16,000 miles away one needs to have a great deal of faith in human nature. Our difficulties for the present all lie in the direction of selling and transport. That our production in many branches is extraordinarily low in comparison with other countries is no catlse for alarm. It does not prove that our country or even our climate is deficient. What it does suggest is that our. methods are not up to date. And. un questionably they are not. We have not yet felt the press of competition, and until stimulated by necessity we are not likely to show any improvement. In individual cases, where energy and ambi tion are the driving forces, farmers will ob tain results that will surpass the efforts of farmers in any country of the world. With the majority, however (and it is only where better methods become general that the average of production is increased), there appears to be little prospect of a change. In Australia a comfortable existence is easily won from the soil, and the majority are content with that. They can raise stock without recourse to artificial feeding, and they prefer to do that rather than to in crease their profits by cultivation. Australia's Opportunity. As Australia begins to fill up its empty areas the economic conditions will change, and so the methods will improve. It has the land and the climate to grow almost any product to perfection. This is a bold statement, but it is true. An exhibit of Australian products which travelled the principal shows of Great Britain last year was,so good that some of the English far mers 'doubted its _enuireness. That excel lent wheat, fruit, iutter, and wool could all be produced from the one farm it would have been medness to attempt to prove to them. At the Royal Show at Inverness some of the Scobtish farmers, who saw Aus tralian fine wool for the first time, doubted whether it was not silk. Up in the High lands many of. the black-faced sheep grow a coverig more resembling goats' hair than. wool, and it was no wonder that they were incredulous. It was much the same with other products. One has to leave Austra lia to find how good Australian products really are. Here we beccme accustomed to good butter, and to wholesome and attrac tive fruit . A sample of beautifully plump and flinty grain causes no remark. It is what we see everywhere. and it is typical of our produce. In Europe the climatic conditions are against the production of such fruit or of such rain. And with land the comparison is alT in our favour What we despise a3 third-rate land would be at once converted into arable land in western Europe. Our quality, tecause of climate, must always be superior. Our quantity, so long as our present -methods continue, will always be comparatively low. When we adopt the methods of Denmark in dairying and of California in fruit-growing, we will overcome the competition of any country in the world. 