NEWS OF THE WEEK. ! An unidentified man was found lying on the railway line at Hurstville on Fri day. night in a badly mutilated condition. He died soon after. At Eidsvold, in the Maryborough dis trict, Queensland, a number of children were playing with a loaded rifle, when an I infant of two years named Emily Barnes [ was shot dead. New Zealandcrs resident in Sydney j gave a hearty welcome to' Lord Liverpool, i the new Governor of the Dominion, on his [ arrival from London bj' the s.s. Malwa, en route to Auckland. ' A man named Walter Anderson lias been arrested at Prospect, Victoria, on a charge of having poisoned Frederick Flint, who died after partaking of jam with which strychnine had been mixed. Exceptionally boisterous and wet weather prevailed along the New South Wales- coast during the latter half of last week. At Port Stephens 754 points of rain were recorded within 24 hours. The residence at Adelaide of. Clem Hill was plundered by burglars, who stole a number of medals and other presents, but did not meddle with any of his pre sentation bats or their inscribed silver plates. Albert Victor O'Grady, who fatally cut the throats of his wife and child at An nandale on November 5, was tried at Sydney last week for the murder of the former. He was found guilty and sen tenced to death. j Two Customs officers have been sus pended at Melbourne. It is stated that this is in connection with irregularities, which they deny, in the administration of the Immigration Restriction Act. An en quiry it to be held. ' Snowy ' Fulton, a boxing trainer, was admitted to Sydney Hospital on Satur-: day night suffering from severe stabs in flicted by somebody during a row in Market-street. A man was arrested in connection with the offence. In New Zealand an agitation by the Bible in Schools League has aroused strong counter agitation for the mainten ance of secular education. A meeting of 2500 persons at Wellington passed reso lutions in opposition to the objects of the league. The body of Frank Luscombe (22), who had been employed at the Eveleigh rail way workshops, was found near Banks town with a bullet wound in the head. Luscombe left a note saying he was about to end his life because he was in ill-health. At Melbourne, Linda Kelso, for shoot ing at and wounding Samuel Maber, in a Carlton hotel, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. In passing sentence, the Chief Justice commented on the increas ing frequency in Australia of the criminal use of firearms. | The body of a man killed by a train at Hurstville station on Friday night was identified next day as that of Anton Beyet (45), a pianomaker employed by Beale and Co. He had gone to the sta tion to meet his wife, and was crossing from one side to the other when knocked down and run over. At Rottnest Island, W.A., Florrie Waters (18) was out with her father in a; dinghy when a huge 'wave upset the boat. The man could not swim, and the girl exhibited great bravery and deter mination in holding him up for a long time until both were rescued by persons who were called to their aid. - A man named William Forrest, living at Broken Hill, came home drunk on Saturday night and caused his wife and children to leave the. house. He then locked himself in, and is supposed shortly after midnight to have accidentally cap sized a lighted kerosene lamp. The place was burnt to the ground, and Forrest's charred remains were found on the site of the dining-room. The formal opening of Sydney Govern ment House grounds to the public was performed by Premier McGowen on Sa turday afternoon. There was a large gathering present, the great body of Which vociferously cheered Mr. McGowen's remarks. These were rendered inaudible at times by hooting, which emanated from a section opposed to the action of the Government. An attempt by Mr.. Henley, M.L.A., to speak against the opening was continuously interrupted and smothered by public shouts and laughter. West Australian Parliament was pro rogued by proclamation on Saturday morning. The Local Option Bill was abandoned and-the State Hotels Bill was dropped. The Assembly accepted amend ments made by the Council in the Work ers' Compensation Bill, the Workers' Homes Bill, and the Government Trad ing Concerns Bill. The Council passed the Land and Income Tax Bill, which reimposes taxation rates previously in force. During a speech at the Newtown jubi lee banquet, Commander Brownlow said the allegations that Australians were averse from a seafaring life was- quite contrary to fact. As recruiting officer for the Commonwealth navy, he had received far more applications than could for the present - be entertained, and in conse quence of this abundance of material, re cruiting had had to be suspended. Before the Parliamentary Select Com mittee inquiring into vaccination, Dr. Norris, Commonwealth Director of Quar antine, strongly advocated compulsion. Asia was, he said, the hot-bed of quar antinable disease. Twelve days was the incubating period of small-pox, and, as the trip from many of. the islands of the Malay Archipelago took less time, seem ingly healthy persons admitted might easily introduce the disease into Austra lia. Selected and nominated immigrants to the number of about 15,000 have arrived in New South Wales during the current year. There are no official figures to show the number of persons' who have reached the State from abroad by paying their own fares. It is certain, however, that these greatly exceed the number of persons assisted, and therefore the addi tion to the population of the State through the influx of immigrants- during the year t must be in the neighborhood of 50,000- | At Bringclly on Sunday William Powell (18) was drowned while bathing in a dam. ., Henry Unswortli, a pioneer of ? the Cowra district;- was fatally hurt by a fall from a ioad of hay. . - - Mrs. Gerald McKellar, a resident of Gil- gandra, gave birth on Sunday to four children. Two of tfiem died. At Marten, New Zealand, W. Urquhart., a carnenter. fatally shot Lorna Gordon (20), and then committed suicide. While getting through a fence with a loaded gun, E. O'Keefe accidentally shot himself dead at Dalby, Queensland. Constable G. Shields, who was recently knocked down by a cyclist at Pennant Hills, near Parramatta, died . of his in juries subsequently. He was formerly stationed at Broken Hill. At ' Wyong railway station, on Monday night, Arthur Brindle (27), the officer in charge, was knocked down and killed by the Brisbane mail train, while he was going over a level crossing. The wife of Charles Smith, caretaker of a racecourse at Port Pirie, South Aus tralia, while driving a vehicle to bring her children from school during a thun- | derstorm, was struck dead by lightning. Two men charged with stealing £200 worth of jewellery from a hotel at Kemp sey were captured by the police of that town after offering much resistance. All the jewellery except a diamond ring was recovered. ? The Avills were proved at Sydney- on Monday of the late Evven Cameron, grazier, of Wagga, and of Dr. Caleb Terry, of Woollahra. The estates left were of the values of £ 67,407 and £59,7S3 respectively. J. E. Yee, whose Sydney to Melbourne motor cycle record was recently broken, intends to make an effort to make an at tempt on the new record in January. He reckons the record can be brought down | An inquiry by Minister for Works Griffith and Mr. L. A. B. Wade, Com missioner in charge of the Murrumbidgee irrigation area, regarding the alleged grievances of workmen and settlers, was opened at Yanco to-day. Through a collision between a motor cycle and a horse vehicle at Albert Park, Melbourne, last week, Percy Barton (24), the rider of the former, was fatally hurt, and Miss Bertha Lee, who accompanied him, was rather seriously hurt. In consequence of the rejection of Sir Allen Taylor as one of the candidates for Pyrmont Ward at the Sydney City Coun cil elections, a number of elected alder men offered to resign their seats in his favor. The offers were not accepted. N.S.W. Government has decided that the administration of the Yanco irriga tion area shall be conducted from Sydney, where the Commissioner, Mr. L. A. B. Wade, is to have his office. The resi dence erected for. Mr. Wade at Yanco is to be used by officers under his direc tions. At Pahi, New Zealand, Sl man named Sayers, clerk of the Otamatea County Council, was killed by a fall from his horse. David Dui'aur, a bank clerk, who was with him at the time, is missing. The keys of the bank, which had been in Dufaur's keeping, were found 'on Pahi wharf. Fivo of the students who entered the Commonwealth Military College at Dun troon at the beginning of the year have been notified that their presence will not be required on the resumption of studies after the Christmas vacation. .These dis charges follow the decision of the authori ties that the lads in question are not likely to become efficient officers. As the. result of an inquiry by the Marine Board at Adelaide, Captain Jones, I of the ship Dimsdale, which overthrew the lighthouse at Wonga Shoal, and caused the death of two ' lighthouse keepers,' was adjudged guilty of negligent navigation. His master's certificate was suspended for JL2 months, but he was al lowed a chief officer's 'certificate— during that period. At Darwin, on Monday, Dr. Gilruth, Commonwealth Administrator, -conveyed to an aborigine named Neighbor the Al bert medal, . which was awarded in recog nition of bravery displayed some months ago. Neighbor was being .brouhgt in in custody by Constable Johns, and on the lat ter getting into difficulties in a flooded .river, Neighbor galiaptly went to his rescue and saved his life. ''' A loan of £3,000,000, to pay interest at 4 per cent, per annum, was floated on the London market at 991,/. by the New South Wales Government last week. The loan has a maximum currency of ,50 years, but may be redeemed at any time after 30 years. A loan of something over £2,500,000 falls due on January 7, and this will be met by £500,000 from the State's Debt Sinking Fund, and by the issue of 4 per cent, stock current till 1923. It is hoped that the latter conversion will be effected at par. The 'North German Gazette' fore shadows large additional expenditure upon the Germany army and the develop ment of a huge fleet of airships. . The Danish Lower House has agreed to grant the suffrage to women of 25 years of age and upward who have certain pro perty qualifications. The bill Jias yet to be dealt with by the Upper House. Several English newspapers allege that Prime Minister Asquith lias declared that he will retire at the end of the pre sent Parliament if woman suffrage is made a part of the Liberal policy for the next elections. - 