INpUfeTEilt UMiST. fBv CaHe.] , : WWTDCX. Hav 35. liord Derby, speaking at * ipeelinj; of the Liverpool Chamber ot Commerce, said that Britain could cair much in connec tion with labour troubles if ehe studied Australian legislation. At the request of the Secretary of Slate for Home Affairs (Sir. MfKennal a deno tation trf employers -met at the Home Office to consider tbo clauses o£ Ihe The Port of X/ondon Autiiuritr Jediries to parCicipate in iha conference tomor roW; xi-hlcfa threatens to be aboltiw, Many of the strike breakers are vrork -inc. In consequence the docks availanlo for transport hare been ccosidsralil?- in creased. .. Larg-e convoys of food .and drv .goods ieft to- day. The Strike Committee is lunrening a special meeting of the Transport lredori \- £ion far Saturday to arrange a national strike. The Executive of the Scottish dockers protests against the' London buresruciAts issuing a mandate to stop work Ml over , tlus country. It adds :— - We wlfl not The Executive of the Sailors' and File- ? men's Union has issued a circular to the Branches, denying that a strike bas been : authorised outside of London. I LONDON, May 31, 4.55 a.m. ] The Government is seeking to prrsuade 4he employers to agree to the i onUilians of the 1911 agreements if the men observe' them fairly. ' The meeting of employers with l!r. M'Kenna included representali' es of ti.e Port of London Authority. A lurtl.cr meeting will be held on Monday. lie Strike Committee passed a resolu tion, seeking the support if ----? other connected with shipping, to vinilirato tlii, principles of trades unionism, protest ing against the action of the mounted police, is escorting convoys and ni'.intf through the crouds, declining in iafc-- thc responsibility for the peaceiul cond-j^i, j of the strike should such methods !-?: con tinued, and summoning the police, as ? members of the working class, not to :ui . as lie brutal instruments ot the capi talistic class. Mr. Hopkins, trustee of the Sc.lincn' and Firemen's Union, declares that the union's votes at the Transporters' Escuu iire meeting to-morrow will be sufficient to prevent a national strike. The colonial butter and cheese trade is at a standstill owing to the strike. Prices are nominally unchanged. . There is a good trade in Danish and Siberian butter and cheese, which the clerks, salesmen, and members of import ing firms are unloading. All the apples, including London con signments, were discharged at Liverpool yrithout interference. The principal importers are asking the large shipowners to send a ship to Liver pool as they are anxious to relieve the London market, which frill be greatly con gested however soon the strike ter minates. The steamer Athenic, which is due to take 1200 immigrants to New South iWalcs, is~unable to leave London. The steamship service from Tilbury to iOstend has been suspended. A body of 100 men responded to the call of the Fort of London Authoritv to un load the steamer Mfflwall. Fifty' were re engaged at the old rates at the West Tnriio docte. Forty unemployed held -j. meeting at Hyde Park and volunteered to unload food cargoes for £1 15s. per week besides Doara ana loading. j The crews of nine barges in 'the naval j harbour of Dover employed in working, ballast for the Admiralty struck in sym-j pathy. ' j A body of 100 strike breakers has; Jeft Dover for Queensborongh. T ? Owing-to the iaet that they were asked to unload y--aseis at the Albert Dock, all ' the mechanics ;and engineers quitted. The Shipowners Sock Labourers' Com- j mittee has issued a notice, declaring that : the agreements made in July and August — which ? provide, inter alia, ^hat unionists - should work Bith non-unionists— ore ur- { nutated by the strike and that henceforth . only such men as are p'.v;ared to work vrith unionists or non-unionists will be employed. The Wharfingers' Aseo- -ijtitti intarael the President of the Board of Trj.lo (Mr Buxton) that ncitiier the meaiUrr* of t!i« . association^ior the Fort Autimritv would be parties to the dispute being 'refcrroj to -Sir Albert Rollit or Lord 'Alverstonc .uic majority oi me fimKers at. Cioveni Garden have resumed work uncondition ally. Be work on the steamer llalona ii*? been restricted to eznlmKfas the mails. Jio merchandise wffl Ae shipped The ? « JOSfly News » aays :— ' Ihe Go : yenmmnt »aonld aafet «n the men rewm ing. Tie Government intend* to cstahU^li a joint board of arbitration to control all : parties wurlrin? the 3-orL. If tbe masters \ refusw in recognise the hoard the -5ovltii i mmt will compel them to Tegister ' ! i OVDOK. May 31. 6 pjtt. ' */ 3Di£ anwaugil viiicii the ^Bb^nownsagf trcrldmr together. It mis signed or J&Bsrs.; Coking, TUTeti, WUsS/ and Thome. ?. ??'. .'?- ' - '.'' ? '?? :? -,S\ The Shipping Federation, the Port of London Authority, tbe wharfingers, the master lightermen, tiie master %annen, and the diortsea traders definitely refuse to participate in the conference at the office of the Secretary of State for Home Affairs (Mr. M'Kenna). The strike lea ders attended. The masters present ab stained from voting. The Government propoeed the appointment of & joint con ciliation board. The -men vrere sympathe tic and promised to give their decision. on Tuesday next. The masters will consider the matter and reply on Monday. The dockers are disappointed at - not having received strike pay. The officials declare that the delay -is due to pressure of business, but it will probably be' paid next. week. Fonr hundred of the Fort of London Authority's men have resumed work. BEELKf, llay 31. M. Joehade, President of the Inter national Transport 'Workers' Fedemi en refuses to promise support to tlic strikers in Tjondou until he has received dt'laiied renorts. 10KD0N, June 1. The Cabinet suggested that if a Teauy strong body representative of .both sides : was created the Government might grant ; certain -compnlsoty powers over indi viduals who did not conform to the gene ral agreement. The employers were not unwilling to accept eonuiulsory powers, and 'it is expected that they will affirm their willingness to acegpt- a. ' con sultative board to consider the dispute. They point out that the trades involved are of a very various character and the members of one knows very little about another's Teal difficulties, fence the im perfect solidarity among the masters' re presentatives. On the other hand, there are no varied interests on the men's side. All they want is money. Hence ihe soli-. daritv is complete. Mr. J. O'Grady (Labonr). speaking at TowerbDl, complained of the impotence of the Government in not enforcing the five ik-uiu- on tvuicu oir £iawara uaree repor ted in favour of the men. Mr. LegRatt. speaking at Westham, said that he anticipated that the Executive i Council would novr 'call out all the trans- ] porters. He complained that the labour ! exchanges were supplying blacklegs. That,' he said, was how the Government helped the workers. He would remember that ' when the Government wanted workers to ! LSp it at tbe nest election. I The manager of the Shipping Federation ' points out that Mr. ST&enna; promised to protect the steamer Lady jbeejyn's ' men provided they haudled only food- ; stuffs : but the unionist leaders under- i took the work to avoid the employment ' of lutn-nnionists. Mr. M'Kenna withdrew' lus original permission and the ship was not permitted to enter the. dock. The Ken- Zealand Shipping Company and Messrs. Shaw, Savflle, and Go. are in cluded in ihe owners who offered £2 per . TTeck as a minimum ? \rsge. j The 'Telegraph' savs that many. \- transporters are demanding* a ballot fa j the belief that the majority favour the resumption of -work. The shipowners' losses are estimated at £300,000 per week. LONDON'. June 2. The strike in the 'West End continues. The losses to the master tailors iu Savile Row have been £90,000, while tbf: men's losses Sn wages in the West End total £25,000. There are 8000 ioflons «M idle m the Eagt-Eni ???' ? -?- . ?' Lm£ ??nJRbt Constable - JKKkhoui re monstrated with some disoracily etfikera at Bermondsey. The men knocked him insensible. A free Efiht follow ed*eticecn the police and £00 strikers. Inspector Mann was stabbed in the ar-n..' Twelve arrests were made. LOSDOK. June S. There arc 3200 free workers in the docks, or 1200 more than on rriday last. The Incorporated Society of Meat Iv. porUrs secured 000 men to work tht steamers Otway, Wainim, Bangitaii, and Xowaitkina and conveyed them bjr sptail train to' Victoria Docks. The brokers at Covent Gardui liave commenced enrolling 1000 men for the purpose of nnlpadiag fruit and veiretablcE in the docks, they are paying Is. sn hour. The Strike Committee announces the receipt of a cablegram from-Kevi- Zealand statins that tbe loading of meat ships there has been blocked. Tlie members of the National Smon and Firemen's Union have reteiveo £1 1b strike pay. The stevedores are angry be They declare that their leaders have grossly jnisled them. There *rc 26.000 dockers -s-ho also have not been paid. Mr, TUlett, Secretary of the Transporters Union, promises them something tomor row or on Wednesday ncrt. The dockers strike fund now aggregates £28,00t-, wltilc the Sailors' and Kremens fund stands a,t .£36000. . thcLondon Building Industries Federa tion has decided to jritlidraw ill its ment bers «-ho arc employed in the docks a3i-l on the wharves in London to-morrow. Several thousand men will be thrown out of employment The -Daily News' states that some weeks before the strike the Government promised Mr. Gosling to hold a full in quiry into the men's grievances and con ditions if the strike notices were not issued and the strikers accepted the offer. Nevertheless, the notices were issued. I The dockers at Southampton threaten *~ ^«i-n rnr iii-r*hf-r irajrre. which -the em ployees have refused to grant The Port Authority has engaged SoOO dockers. 2W0O of whom will remain on the permanent staff. ' . Messrs. Moore and Co. engaged free labourers to discharge the apples brought bv the steamer Osterley. The fruit 15 arriving at tlic markets in fair quantities. The steamers Pahna. and Mongolia are also unloading. Auction sales at Govent Garden have been resumed. The dock manager describes the men as stampeding back to v.ork. One com pany wanted 280 men and received 1500 applications. Ij0STK,S, June 4. The employers of the Port of London attended at the Home Office ; but no de cision was arrived at. It is reported that the CJianceUor of the Esohequer (Mr. Lloyd-George) irritated the employers bv criticising their reply to 'the Government's proposed federation of employers. His expression was afterwards withdrawn. Sis thousand men are working at the The New Zealand Shipping Company has engaged all the men it can find workjtor, including many of the strikers. Thirty thousand carcases of meat were unloaded from the steamers Otati, Waimaaa, Ban gatira, and Turakina and Voiced «n cold storage. Tka l-^--t nt T^nrifm AllthontV SaVS it can easily replace U» carmen who are on strike ; but the absence of lightermen re mains a difficulty since they cannot be re placed owing to royal charters. The Shipping Federation is considering the question of applying for a mandamus to compel the Port of London Authority to admit tbe steamer Lady Jocelyn to the Albert Dock. Altogether 26,000 dockers and S000 stevedores will receive 10s. strike pay to morrow. Owing to the strike in London, the millers have advanced the price of house hold Hour 2s. per sack, making it 35s. Sir William Nelson, Chairman of the Nelson Steamship Company, in an inter view, stroatly criticised the proposed con ciliation board and threatened iv transfer his strainers to another port. Owing to the unreniunerative nature of the business and the fact that it is largely accentuated by strikes, importers are l&xiy; to restrict the advances en colonial fruit' in the future. T /VK*TW-r T..T.A A DifVuhanccs caused by the strikers t-«,k i !.-.cc at the Tilbury Docks. They lA-lcd jroin midnight uutiJ six o'cloefc tiu:- morning. The polity- were stoned and two were severely injured. Two thousand colliers have struck work in South Staffordshire. Wil'i a view to ending the strike iha Govf foment h:'s pledged iUelf to do it« utmost to esUU&sh; a joint conciUation board, which mil be ropresootaQve of all the interests .of the port. The General Council of the National Transporter^' Federation has endorsed the action of ii:i? Strike Committee in H--r-ei-t/ ing the report, of Sir Edward Clarke on the cause of the .dispute and_ in demand ing a joint conciliation board as rejcom: mealed by the Government with recogni thmyt^x iedeujfion f^**rf^^Jg Dent of -all the striken;, tt also resoIvedV in the -event of no ixrm.ii.Tr ?illli iniiiti cm these lines to recommeiid the'^ffilBted socictiea to declare a national strikB of Om * - transport workers. The tailors' strike in the West Kid o£ - London has collapsed. I '? - XOXDON. June 5. The Council of the Sorthumberiand! Miners' Association rejected a proposal to link all the industrial workers into a single union. It unanimously decided to ask the Miners' Federation to secora legislation to i^ivc state insurance tai' miners whose '-age and infirmities pre- ' vented ? ^h^Tp from earning the -minimum, wage by means of a special tax oa thft profits of coal-mining. '~ The u Chronicle'' states that a -special meeting of the Government, at xvticK Mr. J. E. Macdonald, Chairman of tha Labour part}-, and Mr. O'Grady assisted, completed plans for settling the slriko and avoiding a recurrcTiCe. The details were announced in the IJouse of Com mons to-day. The plass include joint conciliation boards, with a central board as a final appeal. Failing the voluntary, acceptance of the scheme, an act tcHi be passed. Tbe Chancellor of the Exchequer (Mr. Lloyd-George) and other Hinittera are in conference with the strike leaders. - Meanwhile processions, numbering 1KI00 and 3000 rcsi- ectively, marched to Water loo Bridge, the nearest 'point allowecF while Parliament is in session. A small body of strikers came' to Whitehall. Mr. ? Tillett, in a speech from the steps of the Home Office, announced that he wouH insist -on the reinstatement of all tils! strikers before the men resumed, irork. . Unloading .at ihe .Tiumry Doris is pro ceeding. There are seven ships, including the steamers Otranto and Mongolia, at the docks. ' ~ S&ty- two; ships are unloading and load ing at various docks. The number ia twenty- two more than on Monday. * A number of steamers, instead of dock ing, anchored in ^»» ^tuarv, ^t''° avoid ing the dnes. * : The dock^ labourers are housed ht SDCcinllv-erro'ted sherta within tlM- drake. The police have been reinforced ; 1ra£ fights and scuffles outside the dock gates are frequent. An inspector of police and the men were badly kicked, and two strikers were injured. 