THE GENERAL ELECTION. PREMIER AND MINISTER OF LANDS AT RICHMOND. IMPROVED POSITION OF THE RAILWAYS. The Premier (Sir Elliott Lewis) and Minister of Lands and Works (Hon. A. Hean, C.M.G.) addressed a meeting of the electors in the Richmond Town-hall last night. Mr. F. Burbury (president of the local branch of the Liberal League) occupied the chair, and remarked that the Liberal party was often said to be opposed to Labour, but what they were opposed to was not Labour, but militant political unionism. The Premier referred to the fact that he was first elected to represent the drs fr act of Richmond 25 years ago, and said he had delivered several policy speeches in the Town-hall there when Premier. As the chairman had truly said, the aims of the Liberal party were not opposed to Labour, but the party's real aim was to help the workers by promoting the general prosperity of all classes of the community. The Liberal party was opposed to many of the principles of the political Labour party, and many of the things that it was trying to force on the people of the State. He referred to the fact that the Government had been accused of not being in earnest with (the Wages Board Act, but since the first board began its work seven boards had come to a determination, two were now sitting, another was about to commence its sittings, and ten others had been approved of. He referred. to past legisla- tion, and in dealing with the Government's immigration policy, said the proposal to reserve one block in six for immigrants had been somewhat misrepre raised. What was really aimed at was to put the intending immigrant on the same footing as the selector in Tasmania by enabling him to select his land in England, just as the selector in Tasmania was able to do at the Crown Lands office. Speaking of the Federal Bank, he said the Tasmanian Government would oppose the Federal (Government taking over the State Savings Bank by every legitimate means. If the Commonwealth Govern refuscd to allow them to continue using the post-offices, the Government would es- tablish other agencies" so that the Savings Bank might carry on its useful work to the State. He had no fear of the future of the State if it were governed on progressive, Liberal lines. (Applause.) The Minister of Lands and Works reviewed his career as Minister in the present Ministry, and, speaking of the tax on unimproved land values, said it was equitable in its incidence, because a tax on the capital value fell too heavily on the men who were Improving their far ing. Some assessors had put the basis of the unimproved value too high, but. this would be corrected by future i assessments. In speaking of the Dairy Product Act, the Minister said the butter exported from Tasmania in increasing quantities was no longer classed as second grade, but fetched prices in London equal to the best Danish butter. This was very important because Tasmania-was eminently adapted to dairying. He spoke in very high terms of the work, of the Commissioner of Railways. By the end of the present financial year he (the Minister) fully expected to see an improvement of at least £25,000 to £30,000 in the financial position of the railways, as the result of the Commissioner's nine months' work. The Government had adopted a policy of continuous railway construction, and the Public Works Department was carrying out the work efficiently and more cheaply than under the old contract system. During the last three years the Government had spent £380,000 in roads, bridges, and jetties. The Labour men I bers opposed doing public works out of borrowed money, but they did not place a time what they preached, for individual members of the party were anxious to get some of the borrowed money for works in their own districts. The Labour members were very anxious for the State to lend money to settlers to improve their holdings, but they objected to the State borrowing money to improve its estate. He had always strongly opposed a State Export Department, because it could, only deal with, exports beyond the Commonwealth, and of those the only articles exported in large quantities 'were wool, fruit, and timber. Much of the wool was reid in Hobart, and the remainder could be better handled by agents in London than' by a State department. All the timber exported beyond the Commonwealth was cut to order, so for that there was no need for the department. The export of fruit only lasted about three months, and " for that they would have to provide a plant, staff, etc., for the whole year to deal with the work of those three months. The policy of opening up Crown lands by light tramways, in addition to roads, was being pushed on with vigorously. The closer settlement policy had proved highly successful, and the rents, received more than paid interest on the capital and expenses, while a considerable number of people had been settled on the land. As instancing the increased railway traffic, the Minister mentioned that eight years ago the freight from the Frogmore siding comprised only two trucks of wool, while last year 2.000 pos Gangers -were booked from the. siding, and 463 tons of produce were carried from it. The closer settlement at Frogmore was only two or three years old, and there would no doubt be a further increase of traffic in the future. Mr. Earle (leader of the Labour party) had set forth his closer settlement policy. He proposed to charge sufficient rent to cover the interest on capital and expenses, so far agreeing with the Government, he would not give a freehold, though he was willing to give a lease of 99 years. Mr. Earle also proposed to have a sinking fund of 1 per cent, to cover the cost or redemp- tion. In 50 or 60 years the sinking fund would pay off the capital cost, and for the next 40 years the tenants would go on paying rent for land that they had already bought, a As to the Government's proposal for partly prepared orchards, that was only an experiment, and would not be a costly "one. (Applause.) The Minister, in reply to the Rev. Mr. Gibbs, said the tenant of a closer settlement block had the power of turning the leasehold into freehold at the price originally fixed, at; any time after 10 years had run. The Chairman asked the Minister if he was in favour of the Government buying, or building a ferry steamer for the goods traffic between the Bellerive railway station and Hobart in connection with the Sorell line? ' Mr, Bean replied that up to the present the time had not been ripe for the Government to acquire such a vessel, which would cost; about .(¡20,000. The Commissioner of Railways was seriously considering whether, in connection with the new harbour works of the Hobart Marine Board, it would not be advisable to acquire ' a steamer that would carry the trucks across, and also the question of using motor-waggons for transport between the Bellerive station and Hobart! Any workable scheme for the benefit of the district would receive his (Mr. Hean's) support. , A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. > 