fci ? r hi i ??? il- 1 ? -tn ii ii SATURDAY. MAIiai 9, 1912. THE AUTUMN SHOW. Although inferior in importance and m tei-fc^t to the September Show, the Autumn exhibition . of the Koyal .Agricuituial Society is still a noteworthy festival, aliku for the city dweller and the country visi tor. With the latter its gieat merit is that it cecurs at a time of slaclintes in matters agricultural, when the farmer ?without the uncomfortable consciousness thai his farm is clamoring for his attention. Fortunately h succession of good seasons lias furnished him with the wherew.thj.. for :\ hoiiday, which is not lees enjoyid be cause of the chance which the Siiow gives him of meeting fiiendt from other dis tricts, and noting the progress of the State in all that relaxes to agricultural, la^toi-ai, aud dairying activity, und it would not b aniiss to add these manufacture*, machinery, ironwork, furniture, ' a.it.cL-s used for buildings, &c;, whose reprcsenta tion invests the exhibition With no sraal. 1-art of ite interest, hi a word, from all parts of our territory we have gathered ;to jtet.'icr examples of every form of industry wiiich employs und enriches oui i;eot.k. Tho farmer, the dairyman, the hoise brecder, the rear of poultry, tiie wooi grower, the manufacturer., and the different forms of manufacturing enterprise thatcatui for the wants of all these, are each and all represented. Mtre than all, the bone an-.i rinew of the country is here on exhibit. ' too, in the crowds of rural folk who are drawn to the metropolis at tin's seas-»n oi: the year. The agricultural carnival of the present week would be of comparatively small im portance if it were a holiday event only, grateful as the city dweller mLht be foi the v.hifi' of country air which it brings with it. Its real importance lies in thi object lesson it affords as to our re sources and pi ejects, and the reminder it furnishes that it is to the land after a,i that we must look foi salvation. For tunately there need be little fear that the .npcptigitv for increasing production will hi overlooked, for the opinion is universal that we have been stupidly neglectful of the Importance of enlarging the field of settlement in tlie country, and have a \- flood deal of leeway to make up. Our popu lation is far too scanty. It is when the harvest is most plenteous that we are forced to notice how few are the laborers. Just' now the famine in labor is felt 1 7 'throughout the State in the towns no less ;,: ihan in the country; but the sparseness | of, population, away ironi , the, seaboard is a-«hronio state of things, whose only re medy Beems to lie in a bold system of im migration. If rural workers abroad with a small capital could only be made' to realise this- 'nnfantialities for erowinfc rich beyond the dreams of avarice' offered by apiculture in this State the cry of BMrcity of population* would. never again be. raised. Men have accumulated in .half-a-dozen good seasons more wealth than could be obtained from the savings of a lifetime in the city. If the cases could be known and blazoned abroad where men. possessed of a few. pounds have within a decade, thanks to a beneficent soil and climate, acquired thousands South Australia would be- pos- sessed of a far more '.numerous yeomanry than it can now boast of. No doubt, with the cheapening of machinery, the use of superphosphates, and the liberalisation of the land laws the trend of population of late has 'been more largely towards the hnd; but it ought to be larger still. It is more particularly the small holders whose number needs to be increased; and it is for that reason a peculiar interest attaches to the Autumn Show. It is not a cattle show or a sheep show, but is rather, on ?the whole, to be described as a 'small holdings exhibition.' It illustrates in great measure the products of the dairy, the orchard, the garden, and the poultry yard; and a survey of these various products tempts one to exclaim — '''What a pity it ? is that this fine show cannot in these dumping days- be trans ferred bodily to the old country-' What better advertisement could be given of the natural capabilities of the State? The best thing that could be wished for South Australia is that it should be a country of comparatively small holdings. It is certain — -the experience of other coun tries provep as much — that we have but to concentrate population, as pro posed by our closer settlement legislation, to .make husbandry attractive. Social con siderations influence men greatly, and it cuu hardly be expected that the country will compete with the town on anything like equal terms until, by process of time, farmers and fruitgrowers and dairymen are &o; {ij-ouped as to render intercourse easy and agreeable. To learn what Is pos;?ibli to 'a bold peasantry, their country's pride,'' we must go to Denmark, where, as a contributor to the London 'Daily Chroni cle' lias been showing in an interesting series or articles, the small holders have been master*; of the situation, not for de cades, but for centuries. Custom and law have rendered the peasant land unamen able, and the result has been that, sup ported by the peasantry, Danish Kings have duffed the whole power of the pri vileged classes and the clergv. As far back as the 14th century it was illegal for the privileged orders to rltaposs-esi; the peasant, and two centuries before that it was made impossible for a -h-okler to part with his land to a stranger till he had first Ciiii^T&d; it in nnl-lif- trt Vii« rp-latinns 'Mnpli of Denmark's extraordinary success as an agricultural State may be attributed to this early determination to reserve huge areas for cultivation in per,petuity. Had the pea santry not been (specially cared for.Denma.rk could never have survived the epidemics of war and disease which during past cen curies swept over it. Four bundled years uiio it was made a law thiut the tenant should have his land during his lifetime at a rent not to be increased, and, as u matter of fact, though there was an ingoing to be paid by successive tenants, the rent itself was the same throughout generations. A widow, whether she remarries or not, is left during' her lifetime in tlie enjoyment cf her husband's farm, and a son has a prior claim to others to rent his parent's holding. All this will explain why, oiit of a total of 289,000 holdings in Denmark to day, 20;},OCO are freehold, and why the soil is made by intense culture to yield mor-; u-er acre than that of any other country iu the world. 