1 980 NEW SETTLERS. _ INDRAPURA'S PASSENGERS. MINISTERIAL VISIT. The SS Inndrapura yesterday morning arrived with 980 new settlers to Victoria The new arrivals appear to be of the right sort there being apparently no one over 41 years of age amongst the passengers whilst the list included no fewer than 22 infants in arms there was plenty of hustle and excite- ment on board the steamer when the lilli ! itrtconveying a State Ministerial party came alongside at half past 8 o'clock yesterday morning. The Indrapura had cast anchor off Williamstown at 4 a.m. and before daybreak the immigrant fathers were aft lashing boxes. tying on labels throwing the pestering youngsters out of the way, and generally preparing put the shore. When,, the Minste- ral party launch app- roached the steamer there was the usual rush f immigrants to the side near the gangway to comment upon the appearance of the visitors. It had evidently been animated on board that some distin- guinshed visitors were to arrive with the ? of day hence the excitment, hence also the confusion which arose over the high silk hat usually warn by Mr A Drys- dale Brown, (State Attorney . General) and worn, indeed, on this auspicious oc- cassion despite the lilu-itiing northerly and the acmosyneraises ut ,i liiiciimg launch in a choppy sea. Ilirci different par- ties of immigrants in different parts of the steamer convinced thatt Mr. Drysdale Brown was none less than the Governor of \ illulia (Sir .lohn Fuller) were full of iim.uk-ilupon the con il.-i. ii-iun of His l.xt eilt in) ni coming «mt io welcome the immigrants. The visiting party consisted of Mr. H H'Kin/ie (Minister to London, Mr. F lljgrltliorn (Minister for Immigration!, Mr. George Graham Min- ster for Agriculture). Mr I Drysdale Brown Attorney General. Mr J M Hun« (President of the legislative Coun- ty. Mr James (.um..... I honorary tlinistei), Messrs. J 'llmui-oit, I Reeve and F. Manifold, Ml.l'.V, Mr Elwood AIi-.i.l tli.iirmiiu of the Wann- Coinintssion; Mr. A. Mottall sugar beet grower, of Nar t.itiilcni. Hivcrinu; Mr. .1. Whitehead, and Mr. C. I Bramwch The visitors were shown over the steamer and ex- tircs-nl intire satis- faction with the app ?youitmenls mid gene ral condition« for the comfort of the iinmi grants. They were then iiilcrt.iincd lo breakfast in the off- icers dinning hall. Amongst the pas- sengers is a harty of about 70 Danes, who have been engaged in their native country in sugar agriculture and general and dairy farming. These immi- grant», who aro an exceptionally fine looking lol of people, nie bringing a con- siderable amount of capilal with them to Victoria, and are keen on taking up ur- ural ion munni lour ol the en are marr . ied. and tlnce of them have brought thier wives with them, whilst the fourth wife will follow her husband later. The Danes are to be welcomed at the danish consuls other at 10 o'clock today, None of them have a conversational knowledge of english .Numbers of the other immigrants have considerable capital with them. One man, who lands with ostensibly £150 in his pos mission, disclaimed the fact to a promminent official on board yesterday morning that he really has a credit note for £700, but he is keeping it dark because he is in a new country and does not want to be rushed with wild cat land proposals for the investment of his money. A large number of ''Domestics' and female factory workers was included in the passenger lists, and, to facilitate their identitation by the Government immigra- tion officals on their arrival, the domes- tics wore baue badges ad the factory operatives red badges The Undrapura was berthed at No. 10 berth, Victoria Dock at half past 11 a.m. She is in command of Captain Richard P Craven who reports running into particu- larily heavy gales for four days after leav- ing Cape Town n October 24th. On October 28th the wind increased to hurrican force and these conditions prevailed during the following day. The stamer had to be slowed down and oil bags were brought into requisition to moderate the seas arund the steamer. During the night of October 28 a particularly heavy followinng sea snashed aboard the steamer aft, wreck- ing the isolation hospital, smashing one of the boats to matchwood, and doing a con- siderable amount of damage otherwise. In fact the part of the steamer affected by the storn still bears eloquent testimoney as to its severity. Happily no one was hurt by the accident. The usual plea- sentities of concerts and sports were in- dulged in during the voyage and divine services were held regularly throughout by the Rev. F S Girdlestone (church of england who as a saloon passenger is making the round trip in the Indrapura. The 823 passengers included 40 artisans 40 farm workers, 16 land seekers, 90 women workers, 66 domestic servants and 400 who had been nominated. Most of the domestics secured situations yesterday afternoon. 3STE-W ^ICTO-RI-AJSTS = G-IîiOTJjr5 OaT TTOXJOlSr G- aPEJOäPLE OIT TUE ' S.S, TJSTJDJElJL&TJTlJi.; 