PERSONAL. Mr. F. Pflaum, one of the members for Murray, leaves by the express train this afternoon for Sydney. He will return Xm Adelaide about the end of April. Mr. Hillary Boucaut, of Jamestown, who has been appointed by the Government as honorary Commissioner to enquire into agriculture in England and on the Coast tinent. sailed with his wife and two daughters by the Anchises on Wednesday. Sir Henniker Heaton. Bart., and Lady Heaton are passengers by the R.M.S. Mac loss, which will sail from the Outer Harbor to-day. At the meeting of the Woodville District Council on Monday evening reference was made to the death on April 7 of Mrs. Jones, wife of Councillor Jones, who has for several years represented Woodville Park ward in the council. It was decided that a letter of condolence should be sent to Councillor Jones and his family. The following are passengers for Adelaide by the R.M.S. Malwa, which arrival at Fremantle on Tuesday and was qua and tired owing to a case of smallpox on board Mesdames Simpson and Waite, Misses Watson and Williams, and Messrs. Denys and Waite. Mr. J. Bullock, the well-known cycle agent, who will leave to-day in the R.M.S. Maloja for a holiday in England, the Continent, and United States, was entertained last night at a farewell dinner at Jack man's Cafe by.- Wondergraph, Limited, of which he is one of the nine original share holders and a director. During the evening Mr. M. Finkelstein, managing director, on behalf of the company, presented the guest with an inscribed dressing-case, and wished him bon voyage and a safe return. The secretary of the Methodist Conference (Rev. G. Hall) is pending a short holiday with Mr. J. B. Blackwell, of Narracoorte. , . A movement has been inaugurated by Swedish residents in Australia (says the "Age"') to commemorate the landing in New South Wales of Dr. Daniel Carl Solander, who accompanied Captain Cook and Sir Joseph Banks as naturalist to the celebrated expedition which discovered this continent. Dr. Solander landed in the same boat as Captain Cook at Botany Bay, at a spot now marked on the Admiralty chart as Cape Solander. That was on April 28, 1770. Already a monument has been erected to the explorer, and in token of the fact that Sweden was closely connected with the discovery of Australia, it is de- ' sired to erect a granite pedestal to the memory of this Swedish scientist, who was a pupil of the famous Linnaeus.' The Rev. H. F. Mercer, M.A., fot> merly of St. Columb's Anglican Church, Hawthorn, and a son of Bishop Mercer, with his wife and family, will leave Adelaide to-day for Western Australia by the RMS. Maloja. Mr. Mercer. who is to take the position of Law of Perth. was some time ago asked to accept the incumbency of St. Paul's Church, Adelaide. He was metropolitan secretary of the Church Army in England from 1899 till 19 6, and had much experience in social work in London. Mr. H. B. Irving, who occupied a seat in the stalls at the performance of The Blue Bird'' in Sydney on Saturday evening (says the "Daily Telegraph"), was descried as one of the intervals by some of the people in the callers, who began vigorously applauding as they beamed down upon him, and their cheering was so rapidly taken up in other parts of the house that the famous actor appeared likely to share popular interest with the people of Maeterlinck's play T* When the curtain went up.. Smiling in re- . turn, he looked as comfortable as he could under such disconcerting circumstances. At the end of the night, after the curtain, raised several times on the last scene, had been finally rung down, the silence, when the applause had subsided, was broken by the shrill treble of a girl in the gallery, who cried. "Three cheers for His." The cheers, thus familiarly called for, were given with enthusiasm from all parts of the house while people rushed forward in the galleries to crane over and gaze once more. Manifestly there are penalties in being a star. The passengers booked to embark at the Outer Harbor by the P. &? 0. mail steamer I Maloja sailing to day, are: For London ' Mrs. Gordon Ayers, Mr. and Mrs. George Milne, Miss Milne, Mrs. Milne's maid. Miss Stilling. Mr. W. E. Flint, Rev. T. and Mrs. T. MeNA.il, Messrs. J. Bullock; R. W. Cooper, and W. W. Cooper, Misses Mabel Graham and Clouston. For Marseilles Mr. Francis H. Snow. For Colombo Mrs, A. W. French. Mr. T. Stacy, manager of the Union Insurance Society of Canton and the Central Insurance Company, left Adelaide CB Wednesday with MOTS. Stacy by the Anchises on a visit to Europe. Mr. Stacy has been chairman of the Marine Underwriters' Association and South Australian delegate to the Federal Council of Marine Under i writers, and for 11 years he has occupied the position of Danish Consul in Adelaide. Before leaving he was tendered farewell r gatherings by the Underwriters' Association, and also by the foreign consuls, and the presidency of the senior consul (Mr. H. C. E. Muecke). The members of the staff of his office presented him with a handsomely framed group of the local officers. He will be away about six months, and during his absence Mr. H. W. Gilchrist will have charge of the Union Society and Mr.. S. Palmer of the Central. Mr. Gill . christ will be acting Consul for Denmark. The members of the Commercial Travellers' Cricket Club, who went to Melbourne to play the annual inter-State match, returned to Adelaide by the express on - Wednesday morning. I Dr. J. R. Muirhead has been appointed by the Executive Council to be a public vaccinator I Miss Grace Watson, who went to India several weeks ago on behalf of the Adelaide Immigration Committee to enquire into the question of engaging train and domestic servants, daughters of European residents, is returning by the mail steamer Malwa, due to reach the Outer Harbor on Saturday. Unfortunately smallpox has broken out on board, and it is probable that Miss Watson will have to go into quarantine with other Adelaide passengers on arrival. Before her departure she took the precaution to be vaccinated, so that she might be allowed to disembark. Mr. M. White, of Millicent, left for New South Wales last week to make his annual inspection of the large estate at Moora which is owned conjointly by Messrs. Sutherland Bros, and White. He will be away for about six weeks. On returning to Melbourne (says the "South Eastern Times") Mr. White will make enquiries respecting the prospects of establishing the beet sugar industry in the South East and particularly whether the peat lands could be profitably utilised for this purpose. Mr. White has a thorough knowledge of conditions in the South-East. and he will visit the Maffra district of Gipps- land to compare the beet country there with the land which would be used in the Millicent district. He will also enquire in- to the working of the State factory at Maffra. Our Echunga correspondent writes: Mrs. Mary Page, an old resident of this place, died on Thursday. She would have been 72 years of age on April 17. She arrived in the State in 1840 and had resided at Echunga practically ever since. Mr. H. B. Hayman, of Lockleys, is a brother, and Mrs. E. W. Bertram a s offer of the deceased lady. She left five sons and two daughters, namely, Messrs. H. and A. Page, New Zealand; A. and S. Page. Western Australia; H. Page, Mannum; and Mrs. Wiese and Miss E. Page, Echunga. On Thursday afternoon, before the Penola public school broke up for the Easter holidays. Alias Fatvont, on behalf s| the teachers and scholars, presented Mr. W. J. George, who has been in charge for eighteen months-, and is leaving for Riverton, with a valuable Onkaparinga travelling rug. in doing so, the said they all wished to give him something to remind him of their good wishes for his happiness and success. *? On Wednesday a number of prominent .-r.nt'eraen, friends of the Hon. J. Warren, assembled in the boardroom at Messrs. Bagot, Shakes, & Lewis' offices, for the purpose in taking steps to make some public recognition of Mr. Warren's long Parliamentary career, and his voluntary retirement prior to the last general elections. The Hon. T. J. Duncan, M.L.C., presided, and explained the object of the gathering, remarking that Mr. Warren had a fine record-24 years' continuous service in the South Australian Parliament. The Hon. J. Lewis, M.L.C.', suggested that public subscriptions, to be limited to a guinea each, should be invited, and that Mr. Warren should be presented with an address, and possibly a portrait of himself. The lions J. J. Duncan and J. Lewis. Sir John Downer, and Messrs. J. W. Castine. W. Chorley. and C. Grieve were appointed at a committee to make such arrangements as they thought, desirable to give effect to the wishes of the meeting. A cablegram has been received by Mr. A. Wooldridge announcing the death of Mr. J. F. Hayward, of Arons. Freshford, near Bath, England.. Mr. Hayward was for several years in partnership with Messrs. J\X. J. & J. H. Browne, who owned pis- terai property in the north, and after the death of the Browne brothers be acted as manager of the c for years. Mr. Hay ward and others it Canowie station in M 9. and he continued to be one of the proprietor until the property was passed over to a limited liability company. He went to England many years ago. his widow and a family of 10 sons and daughters survive him. 