OF RURAL INTEREST, (Special for this Paper). (fsy "Rustio ) ADDING NEW 1'ROVI?NCES TOXIC \- TORIA. l'lhe' departure of the Victoriatn Land Settlers' delegation for Amterica may be taken as the chief event of, the week fromt the point of view that is taken in this colulmn-that. of rural interests. .Mlessrs. W. Uatanach and D. L'owrick, who have been entrusted with the important mission to bring to this State expert irrigationlse., fromn those parts of the United States where the wilderness has been convert edl into a land flowing with milk and honey by the judicious use of water, are entitled to the standing of am bassadors. Upon the success of their efforts depenus the realisation to the full of the potentialities that lie in our irrigable lands. Aipd the elfects of the influx of a botly of tile keen Amsericatn irrigationists who know the business anti hase the etergy aind detertnina tion requiredl to make the most of their oplportunities, would lot be con fined to s'istoria. lite anjoiniag States lnare the essentials for audmg ithe new provinces and imllmense inlcre.e of pro .uction whieh ena be brought into ex. tsteace by irrigation properly applieti. New South It ales is aiready oegllning to sit up and take notice si the resuhas attending .tr. Elwood Meald's work here. It is said tant the Government or the neighbouring State is so impres sed with Iis ability that they are offer nlg tempting inlldllCeie:.ts to hitll to go over to their service. The objeet lesson which till be providedl by the American irrigatiotists, if Messrs. tillatlll atndll JolWetK are abtitle to so curo them, will therefore have a far re.aching infllcence, and will be a po tent factor iin the develop.ment of ,the producing indulstries of Australia. Antother phase of the mllatter is the itlllttence these Imeni woulld have utpotn the native-born, who ilare disposed Ito rega:rd irrigation with scanlt respeect. T'le l'remlier, speakinig a few dslays ago, said that in ;laddition to senlding tule delegation to Allerica tanother soutld be sentt through l ictoria for the pur-r. pIs of b'ringlllllg abollullt Ill ltlCer standing of what there is in irrigation. lie is right. 'Ihe openling uti of the? Nortlerni Territorv, whlich is being ini tiated by the PFeteral tGovernmentll in II puny sort o?trway, will doubtless take frolit us a lot of tile yotung Imen whomi we can ill afford to lose. lThe fascitia tioli of the wide areas of coullllntry will Shave a greater chlarm fllor these melt than the iIICh more retisInterative til ling of the lalld uIlpon the liines of ntte succesful irragatiolist, who is a mucllll more valuable memllber of the colll munllity and, withal, a more collfort-i able antl a happtier one than, those who join those "dusty foreloupers" of the "'Legion that ilever t'was listed." T'le lpssibilities that are in irriga tion are illdicated in the recently s suted relport of the State lRivers a:nd Water bupply Cotmminssion. It points out that lor the past three years the contlllission Ilas beer at work oil the construlctionl of manisy tlliles of nlle chlannlels sand erecting nlew and larger itpumps on the lMurray. 'lhis swork It;is cost a large sumt of mlloney, bult it has given inuch larger and more reliable water supply, and create:l ill farmiers slad fruit-groI'ers who believe inl ir rigationt a confiedenee they lacked be fore. As a result ntew activity is re ported as being tntmifested, land is be tug graded, lucerne and other fodder crops seeded, orchards and vineyards planted. Over 700 acres of nalow or chards have been planted in Rlodney this season, a larger .area has beenl planted to trees illad vines in Wlhite Cliffs, and substantial additions have been made to the intensely cultivated areas in Sttwan Hill antd Cohulina: it order to enable settlers who ar rived late last yeair to have a sutnllllle suipply of folder, the commnlissioln, by arrtlangemelnt with the Closer Settle Illlent lloatd, ploughed, graded and seeded to lucerlle about 3000 acres tof land in tracts of froml 53 to 20 acres olt inldividual blocks. It also prepared and seeded several hundred additional. acres to annlual fodder crops. This is probably the greatest increase in the area seeded to lucerne madle in one year since the irrigation districts were started. It is regarded by the coni missioners as being yet too early to forecast the contribution of the State's wealth which these new settlers will make. Much work is at piesent pre paratory. 'lhere are, however, stmany who have been in the State less than a year who are miakhig large returns eaclt mouth. lThe increase.l use of iit ter ailnd the coimpulsory charge for the volumie allotted for irrigatiotl is also ithproviig the finiainlcial condition of the various districts supplied. Developmentt, it is stated, would have been itmpossoble lhad there not been "ta marked increase ini population and labor in the irrigation districts. There were not enough Victori:ut set tlers to use the surplus water, :oad in 31 years prior to July, 1010 only 1551 immtigrants of all classes lhad come from oversea. The mission of the dele gation abroad' was to fild settlers and workers for the irrigation- areas. In the single year fromt July, 1910, to .Jlune, 1911, I008 people arrived and were dealt with by the office handling this class of immigrants; it created nler and better conditions; antid awoke atewi collfideince and enecgy'. It ad1di tion to those reported by the Inunigra tiont departmenlt,a otlsiderable nieumber of settlers.from tbroasd Itis been at tractel to the irrigation districts by the ride publicity given to its oppor tunities ind ilhas "osie there writliot heing included ii tre above total. The arrival of these settlers has, 'it is re portesl, stimulated local it:terest and laireased settlement by V'ictoria s, and.as at result irrigation has miade greater progress in thle last trel'o imonthls tthan for.manay years preCious v ; ratlnit blocks at Whito Cliffs, ?yah, Coliluni, atnd Sltepparton have beei takei, anls practically the lwhole of tlio iler closer settlemients at KIo yuga, Nanteella, and ]amawnir is oc cupied. Since thle present tioveteient for ir rigited closer settleimett begant,00,S58 ticres of land lavo .ben aetquired by the State, aisd 4020 acres have been takeni by 77 settlers. Over 25,00 acres is being subdivided and mtade 'ealdy for settlers, alltld aegotiatiol foi thle purchase of a jlarge additionas, Slicreage are.pending. - cefcrence is.made at tile report to .hit eetl oif eipert irrigators. It is S.potitinld out that aits yet ,nis fetiture ot 'ftho tVictoriul immigration policy has not been cllrried into effect,tinld one fun damental'idea of that policy, winch ..,wit to secure farmers who wero ex perts in,. irrigated agriculture, is in uatnger of belig lost sight of. It a. the commissioners state, of the utmost iniportance that this matter shlould thavo early attention. Tie Statq is tteompting iii irrigation Idistricts to make a small area support a large population, atnd to create the kiid of iarielliture lwhicllh wrill give as comfort able a living from i 0 irrigated acres as cal be Ihad fromt 300 acres idepen dent on raintfall. it other wrords, it is attempting to establish oni a large scales the highest foliin of agriculture knownit. Tihe soil, clinlate titld water supply make these results possible. It is a region of great and variesd pos Jibilities, but these can pj!h is rpalis tel thrroghl Ilavilg in these districts a coisiderahlu percentage of.. farmers whob are able to do the required work in the best mialnner, dilt who will be content with nlothbig less. Such men will' be an examplle, and inceiltive to bbginners without experience. These Alistrirts need orchardists who know Show to grow citrus fruits; they need vineyardlsts who have had experience ii growing aud.shippitng table grapes; d they need farnners who understaud y dairyinlg lucerne growing 'and lamb e fatteniug; and, above all, they need a i considerable percentage of settlers it wiho believe in irrigatiiol, aril are skill. I edl in its practice. d THI OUTLET FORI THE.PRODUUTS g The decision of tile State C.binet last week to establish fruit-canusig Sfactories is eonnection with the riciga t_ tiol settleiflents is an earnest of an in d telligent developmental liolley on too , part of. the Goreralime..t which is a g good augury for tae future of those ir settlements. Increased production is ie good withouut market facilities. ir Fruit-grownilng is o.e of tile most pay 1e able of industries where intensue cul tnore is engaged is, :ui with a mlleans Sto. "ispose or the output of the or Schards there is an assurance of ]and someu retulrns lor labor that is not so arduous as that of imost rural callings. -a The object of establisailng these can . isag factories is to provide it certain Siiariset for fruit produced lunder ir -t rigation, as sudiler truit growing it will be possible to effect ita nlel closer set :lemllent of the irrigatio.i areas. Ilhe .~i .:at has decided to take initiall steps toair:ls the s'stablishlll,ent of olle t factory. It will be necessary in tile first place to get a Ina: iwho under r- stalldh fruit causing. It is quggested thlat ultimately four factories will be t required. 'lThs cost per factory is cs timiated at unlllder £5100. It has not been decided whether the factories shall be exclusively under Goveriisnment coantrol. ANIOTHERIIII IMP'OITANT TASK FOR? t )DItIdlGA'lION 'TO A311tEltiOA. 1 have time and g:ain extpresse tile oe opinion that iothinig sould daulnt tilhe ipowers tlllhat be in the exceilenllt and sisolmewhait diflicult task of establishing t. the beet sugar in this State Iupon a sound basis. lhere are big thlings in it, , bult the dlilhculty is oll toi ges tle l farlter ti grow"i the requilisite amiounlt of beet. All sorts of indulcements hlave sr- een offered to the ine ill tile neigh r bourlood of the \altfra Iacetory, llut a ilppareltly nitlhout avail. 'Jo take tip beet growing woueli mean sometlhing of in a IIes depilrture, a il'se tllhey wll't get n out of tile rut let the inducements ble e what they imay. The factory could deal with all tile heet that could lie j grown upon o60K) acres, but the ran llaterial nowlr obtainable is limited to ti that raised lupon about 10(l) acres. Hlere, agaill, is asl iunstance of the h neeil for slslconlle to troli.e alonlg iand show what-t ail be Ilide ullt or beet sgrowing caised out o:ni prloper lines. SThe perhaips ours fairmers.ll consenti 10 to cast asssde prejudlie against this s branchl of agricultiuret a prejuice whichl call oli lie alsrcaoun.tc for lby the flact that tile industry is a newU olne in this coul.ry. The Cabinet laist week agreed ito authorise .r. Catan-, is ach, dulrillng his visit to Amlerica, to enll i deanour to illnduce somse beet growers se there- enll rh kwoLIw how--to colmel to \llifra. Let ts hIlope lie suscceeds. s '[11E RIGHIT' WAY AS OPPIlOSED TO is THE CASUAL WAY. Ic A Sydney weekly publislied a satire r i upon the attention to detail ill dairy r- work, which is veld to be, necessary to e- ensur tile best results. It depicted e- as irate farsser examininig a cow and e- shllouting to anl ullseenu helper:--"ere, er tilli, wl the hI- haven't you brushl. Is ed llrindle?" A voice froma tile siied? r replied despairingly:-" Give a mans a y chancee. I aia't finished shaving the Sbull yet." But br Illeansl of tile care to for the herd thus satirisel can be'built re up a repitatio that liarys to have. As Switness the case of l.alllark. Aus tralia selit to Ariglallld 6j67,11j? cwt. of r- butter during last year. Deniusak C' sent 1,726i,l0o cvt. Dnlilsh butter has I a reputatio:n wortl coveting. Tlhat re p Iltaltion, also, is not the result of ac id cidest, but.ot downright scientific ea; of culation. " 'Iire aire 21 agriculturall Sanld ihorticultural scIhools isll Denmllark, id besides tile veteriualry and agricultural 11\. college in Copeulnhagea. It possle, is Danish iilk is evenl beter thanI Danish ie butter. It clhooses the farihs froms lie which it will receive tie milik. 'Fromii re that time forth thle cosplllia y's owin veterilnary surgeosI visits each farIl to ttice every ioiitlh a:al exaslines each 's individual coas. If any cow is sus ill tected of being unhealthy, the surgeonu als it remorvld, and on each visit he IS has to till ill and forward a sehedulel n form, atatinig the condition of the is cows and other illathers. STwice ill each ydtar the colipanlly's le dairy expert-- a latdy-pays a surprise so visit to each farll, and stays a day of thcre to see for herself that they un derstanll scientific cleanliness in smiilk id in, i i using the Ulalder filter, anid ot colillg tile milk, as.d shte has to for II ward a detailed report ion specified s" questions. Every cow has first been t- subjected to thile tuberculin test, slid In during the winter, when: the cows ill 54 these countries have to be housed, the e air lon tile udders, loilS andl tails is e- clipped, so as to help the work of keep id llug the cos clean. All these.pre n cautiolls are takenl by the mlilk supply to company in regard to the cows before id even you begis to touch oil the milk l itself. I The precaution!s taken with tile ac Se tual milk are aimed at keeping it free Ii- from iarniful blcteria filoil tile ioa a- ment it leaves tile Ildder to thle lao er nlenlt irhell it is drilllk. As an article t ii a Dauish eu'spapler saiJ:-" Ex 5 Ipectoratioli frois a coinsUlliptive work r- lianin sa carelessly-eol:ducted work ut hollso is carried by a. draugbt of air o to iill opell pail or cal; a year or so e- aInter souse clhits dies oif intestials id tuberculolasis." Tliat is just as ullleh s cause said effect, tile ipaslr says, as tile fall of a Isai aifter the discariLge r of a llurderer's pistol. At thle sase 5- time; thley dho usot believe ill boilislg or Spasteurising moilk. "He uho pasiteil re rises good illilk,"s th sy, "is ' a fool; ho and he .lwho pastclrises bsd milk is a o- rogue.'l...tIhe.Da nishl..lethlod lnow is e- to try by scrupulous cleanliness to en sur o in hnrmful-bacteria reacllinglg the r- milks; iS All this is very far rsemoved froma y tile Isetllods inll vogue i:l this country. in We are casual, there's oii gainusilyieg )h it. 'Probably. nobiody realises this inuore le thanlthe lean who lire lIalsllgii thle sr big Nestle factory'at Deluilto n That a councernil provides its suOppliers with facilities for keeping the milk in good to condition. Among these is ai neat lit is tle. building for every firsil in wbhich a to-store tlse milk, but it 'is only by the Is Imost rigorous systeum bf -ispection Sthat somine of the dairymei can be pro I veuted froms allowillg-thei r pits to oc c- cupy it. STile new Illinistcr bad preaclhed clo is qlently oa tile wisdloml of God, and :0 Iis gsnecss in proridilng for us ac e cordillg to our Ileeds. "It is thile sanme uf iitli the losiers,". le said. -'Sun t. slise for yousr geraniums .m aid hello s troal, asl shaty corner for yuoirfull sin." • :.. , it Tl'he little iroiilal itho had listened e intenstly eaIie forward to tlhank h;uii re "I profited so mnuch by your ser Ur s ,'" she exelaimied:t "Tle hlhiiister bealmed. "I aerer kilos' before," she s- enlt on, just what wasc .the matter w- sith nsy fucine," 