Monster Waves. Naming in a Gale. Winches Tossed Like Corks. Passengers' Terribie Experience -LONDON. December 29. The Narrung arrived at Gravescnd at G o'clock on Saturday morning. Her bill-, warks.arc considerably damaged, lier'Iore- dcck is a mass of wreckage, her hatches are stove in, and she has a heavy list to starboard. . Oaptain Bidwcll left the bridge of flic Narrung when she arrived at Gravcsend, for the first time since Thursday last. He said that the gale commenced after the Narrung had passed the Channel Islands 011 Chrrsbmas .evening, and increased in fury until 7 o'clock the next morning. The steamer than was off Cape Ushant, 111 France,, and was shipping water heavily. Her speed was reduced to dead slow, her head was kept to tlie gale, and then she, was hove to. She remained so all ..the. morning, the waves breaking over her, right up . to the bridge. Never before, it is said, have such ri gale . and such tremendous seas been experienced for 30 years. In the afternoon a mountainous wave swamped the whole ship, burying lier forward and' wrecking all the tackle in front of the mast. Vast quantities of water flooded all the passenger accommo dation, smashed the winches, and burst through into the hold. Women and child ren were occupying the flooded cabins. Tlie wave tore up part- of an iron deck, turning it back like brown paper." It was impossible for the steamer to proceed, and, she' was' turned round in' order' to prevent- another such . sea striking -her. Had she (taken another, such . sea, it' - would have been all up- with her. "Turning in. the -teeth of- the -gale," he continued, "was a very anxious time, hence ' the wireless request: 'that was. sent, for as sistance.. The turning occupied 80 , minutes. We -were running before, it 'foiir ( or five hours before we wore out , of danger." The chief - officer, Mr, Postle, . estimated that the wave was 75 feet high. - A sea-, man, nariied Quirk, -was dashed' down, and lmd three ribs broken. - It -'was impossible for some time to remove Hie women and .children from the wrecked cabins. The captain declined to . take food while the ship, was in danger. The 'debris 'impris oned- five linen . in - ' / tlie . cabins " for ten hours/before thev 'could ,4b released. The) male passengers exhibited great 'coolness- bailing out the cabins,1 which' were , knee deep 111 water. The women and children suffered considerably, and many were helpless through sea siekiness. The company is making an allowance -to third-class, immigrants,- who desired .to re turn home pending fresh 'arrangements for the voyage at the rate of 2s. 6d. per day.' Others will'., (ha - maintained - at the Sailors' Home. ' - V - Passengers narrate that at the .moment the great wave struck' the ship; .Captain Bidwcll shouted , to the crew, " Now, hoys, it's life or 'death; , Don't trouble, about anything else."... Order and discip line were -maintained splendidly through out. The stewards did 'everything that. was possible, but were unable to mairir tain toe supplies of food, and man"-' of; the passengers f6r 48 hours - were -.with- ( out food, except tea and biscuits. The' 'Wireless operator, Mr. - Rcvnolds, ' whs working continuously for (50 hours. . 'Che firemen were waist deep /in water,- and the coal was swept out of the bunkers.1 Tlie.- seamen on Friday .- night-' gave up their bunks to the/women. ,L ' Lloyd's estimate tile'- value, of the- cargo of .the -Narrung at £100,000.. . . ( Another account says that . two " mon ster: waves rose, up suddenly: - The Nat-' rung' rode over, the ' first, and then plunged into the trough' instead of. rising- to meet' the second. As the vessel went down, the wave swept clean.- over' her. All tlie damage was -done at one blow. The deck cabin doors of the saloon were torn off ; the foremast was broken1 in Hircc places ; " the- . winches : were torn' adrift and tossed about like corks .The' water in the starboard, bilge of /.the engine-room- was four: feet deep, causing the steamer to list -.ten degrees./ By wireless telegraphy touch was (main- tnined with several st'ea\ricrs until -the Naming righted, arid' was able to dis pense with assistance. Eight) lifeboats were made ready, 'although thev could, not have lived, in such a sea. One woman was caught by the sea,, and despite -her frantic struggles she was washed to and , fro. on- the deck till slie . was nearly drowned, and almost all her clothing had been torn off. Other persons were washed about jike corks. Mr, P.. Marion,, who is proceeding to Adelaide says that the' jyomen were imprisoned in the flooded cabins, and could not be released when the shin turned. Her rail went down many times, to the water's/edge, auil the water poured down;- 1110 ventilators. Mt-sdames Bullivan and Murk, who were travelling to Adelaide, were iujurcil #meu the partitions oi the i-nriins .were smashed. "301110 of vim oc-.-upaiits oi the cabius wore up try their ' waist-, iu water. -Mrs. Philipps, of Giastonoury, was "assisting, Miss Fiortn, wnen sue was dusiiod against the bulwarks and badly bruised. ' Many, of the. trunks m the cauins were s.uirisheil, and everything was wushcu out.' Soiiie of the women were in their nightdresses for ' two days. 1 Many other vessels arc returning to port i'n a crippled condition; and with llicir sailors injured. The Beacon Grange has reached the Solent. A sea swept lier near the Cas kets. All her starboard lifeboats- were smashed, , the davits snapped, and tlie cabins were wrecked. .-The steamer Duchcsk of Cornwall lias reached Falmouth. She encountered tre mendous seas, which -tore away her fun nel, smashed all the heats, and put out the fires in Ihe engine-room, two men being drowned. The stokers a'nu engin eers worked in water up to their knees, and their heroism saved toe ship. The storm destroyed the sallyport at Old Portsmouth, from -which- Lord Nelson and other naval liexocs embarked'. . The Danish Steamer Volmar has foun dered. The captain and a sailor were picked up iu an open boat off the Lizard after they had been for two days suffer ing great privations.' Thirteen men were' drowned. The four- masted barque Maryamn Ellcad- bodv, of Glasgow, with a cargo ot Aus tralian wheat for Limcrie!:, has been re ported in distress off Gahvav. Her sails have been destroyed, and shu has a heavy list to starboard; 