DANISH SETTLERS: . MR A. HEYMAN'S VIEW. EXCELLENT PROSPECTS. , An Interesting Idea of tile' possibili ties of Victoria us a field for : Danish immigration ls: given by Mr A. Hoy- man, of King'strect,' who is conversant wltli thr> sOimci r,f mfin whlnlt thla Ktatn should acquire from Denmark' for ' the development of tho dairy forming in dustry. Mr Heyman, who lias recently arrived from Denmark,' is the owner of the extensive dairy produco business established in Melbourne by his luto father, Mr P. W. Heyman, and is pay ing a first visit to Victoria, though n number of years have passed slnce-thc King street business hocamo Ids. % In the course of an interview, lie ob served, "Of course, I am interested in the dairying industry, and in the for tunes of Danes who have settled in Australia. I havo no special concern with, or theories about, immigration. I am not a farmer, still I think the Dan ish farmer has had a training in tho trentincnt of the soil which should make him useful over here, and should secure fur him a fair measure of suc- "On my return to Denmark, I shall probably have a good ileal to say about Victoria. Tho other day the editor of a Danish paper published out hero asked nm for my impressions. I gavn them to him, jirofaclng (hem with the statement that the points dealt with were those obvious enough to strike a stranger. Whatever value tho impres sions possessed was due to my being able to compare the slate of things in an old country, with Its traditions and. culture, with the state of tilings in this baby country, with its solid and progressive population. "One need stay only a very short time in this country to get a strong impression that It has received from tho hand of Nature a richer gift than Jiavo most other lands. The opinion may bo formed first, when one studies tho. ex cellently planned Year Book, which It la so easy to consult that they might ho accepted as models by the Statists of many other countries. Arid Jt la strengthened by conversation with Aus tralian people in different walks of life. The fact that at a .time when only n very sinuii pari, oi uiu juiiu is culti vated tho value of the exports exceeds that of tho imports is a conclusive proof of tho wealth of the source from which the peoplo draw.- This means much as regards the future develop ment of Australia, a development which will he In exact proportion to the in crease of population. "The eomplujnt which one hoars everywhere about the difficulty of get ting labor Is comprehensible, in so far as the scarcity of workers chocks tho growth of industries, and prevents the export of articles which, owing to rich ness of natural resources, coal and so on, might, under other conditions bo producing in far larger quantity. On the. other hand, It must bo borne In mind that tlio higher wages paid to tho people for their work makes their ability to buy larger. In that way a part of the Increased wage is returned to the industries, which also get considerable assistance from Government In the form of protective duties." Fussing on, 'Mr Heyman expressed tho opinion that the labor problem would work out its own solution. In the meantime, high wages aro enabling tho people to establish high stundards. "In Australia nol>ody needs to ho Idle, and one Is free from thoso disagreeable spec tacles of men begging in tho streets so common in tho cities of Europe. Then, too, there is out hero a pleasant feeling of comradeship, that al; 'Australian people love their country, and are ready to co-operatc -for its welfare; ' "Another point, which strikes the -visi tor is tho social equality, .Which is cha racteristic of the country. To that no doubt Is duo much of tho hospitality, and mutual helpfulness, found In like degree in few other countries." . Mr I-Ieymnn regards no'the drawback' to the' prevailing sociability that exag geration of it which results in the invi tation, "Como and have a drink with me." Tills, ho has' noted, follows the slightest acquaintance, sometimes' a mere interchange of opinions on tho weather serving as introduction. "It would ho an advantage," he said, "If tho young pcojile could bo taught that they should not hesitate to rcfuso ' a drink which they do" not need." With regard to another point, Mr Hey man prefaced his remarks ' by saying that while, in his opinion, tho bright sldo was much more in cvldcnco than tho dark, criticism which ignored the latter was of very little value. "I am perpetually hearing," ho continued, "that in periods of drought so many hundred thousand sheep and cattle have been lost. .This means that they havo been allowed to dlo from hunger and thirst. It seems lo mo that such ; a thing happening' without tho Stato 1 doing something to provost it, is in flat contradiction to tho kindliness and the humane spirit which, in so many other matters, characterise tho people of the country. A similar thing would not bo allowed to happen in Europe, no mat-, tor what loss the individual or thp com munity might sustain in preventing1 it. Least of all would it be tolerated in re lation to animals which, under normal conditions, mako so much of the wcnlth of tho country. Those who have tho will and the ability to. bring about an alteration in the matter will descrvo the thanks of tho country. They will contribute to Increase the regard felt for a people who, on account of their initiative, their sound, strong, loyal way of acting and thinking, liavo already won so largo a share of tho world's admiration.", An to Danish immigrants, Mr Hey man said: "Thero would bo very good prospects for them. Australia wants labor; tho farmers of Denmark aro ac customed to work hard. People who have littlo or no capital of their own, but who understurul rural life, havo excep tional chances hero. Their experience enables thorn to earn good wages, and they soon secure land of their own. uiiy worsen# you necu not import, i do not think tho differences between Danish and Australian methods of farming would prevent tho settlers do ing well from tho time of their first landing. The Dane is used to harder conditions ail round. To take a slnglo point; he has to stahlo his cattle' in brick houses for moro than half the year. Then, too, tho Dano is used to handling labor-saving machines, and, touching that, my firm has just re ceived the first consignment of a new ' milking machine which will work u. revolution in tho dairy farm. It dis- j ponses with suction and tubing, thcnc- tion of the hand is imitated, and tho 'milk falls direct 'Into the can. Thus there is no lodging placo for bacteria, and tho hygienic objection to the uso of tho machino passes." 