£ Q= ==D I? <£ Cultivation *# FUTURE OF AUSTRALIAN PRODUCERS. The special, correspondent in Ame rica for the ''Western Mail," Perth, whose contributions to that journal regarding agriculture in the United States, have . been most interesting and instructive, concludes his articles with a specially, interesting one for the Australian producer—that of the export butter trade, and London mar kets as- they: ..afi'ect Australian in terests. -Before dealing with this subject, the writer prefaces his re marks by summing up the lessons he learnt during his tour abroad, and the learning of which will be of con siderable use to Australian producers. . A Comparison. He states: —The opinion expressed by those who have paid a visit to other countries is that Australia is as good, if not better, than most of them. And after dispassionately considering , the merits of all of them no other.: conclusion' can possibly .be arrived at. Giving full weight 'and prominence to occasional bad years, as an agricultural country Australia can more than, hold its own. The question of whether Australia is a better country than others, however, is not the main thing. It is import ant from an immigration point of view, but to those who have already settled here and intend to remain, the qtiestion that most interests them is how they can best improve their methods and enlarge their returns. State Inaction. V; The indifference "of the farmer, i,to co-operation is, however, his own'af fair. The indifference of State cr Federal: departments -to the trans portation of our products is another matter, and one which affects the future of our industries. " Because the ships which trade with Australian ports are now : fitted with refrigera tion chambers', we sit back andr;a^ cept this as the solution of ''our transportation problems. America, with a ten days" voyage,- and: with such hardier stuff' as wheat and maize, .has found that it has paid her handsomely to investigate the causes of the .change the produce un dergoes during transit. Australia, re lying largely on its butter and its fruit, two of the most easily perish able forms of produce, does nothing'. The ■■.■producer-.- or the exporter who pays for refrigerator space may^ or may not get it. He has no check upon the companies. Orchardists have repeatedly asked for self-record- ■; ing thermometers,' which would indi cate the extent and: the -nature of the. fluctuations of temperature ^between Australia and Europe., Even that trifling innovation lias not yet been joined. Every year the question of securing space recurs. The' shipping companies regret that- the arrange-;, ments cannot be altered, and the pro duce suffers. These are our main diff Acuities Australian Producers' Obstacles. Australia is paying toll on all her exports. The commission agent waxes fat upon the labour of the farmer. The man who. grows the stuff con-1 eerns himself in 110 way with the dis posal of it. Up to the present the farmer has not been disposed to be stir himself, and the agent: is not likely to kick. Provided the agent leaves us with sufficient to live upon j we are content. We grumble, but we do not-resist. Our dairy farmers have made some attempt at combined effort, but in almost every one of their agreements the essential prinT ciple is lacking. They -band them-' selves into co-operative societies, but they do not bind themselves. The' principal executive officers of the Danish and Californian associations informed me that it was the penal clauses of the agreement that keptv the organisations together for the first few years. It must be clear to everyone that without such, provi sions as heavy fines for those who join a society and then sell their: produce through private channels, th:e society must quickly crumble away. And that is whv our co-operative; societies have not taken complete possession of the dairying industry throughout our Eastern States. A farmer joins a society, but the fol lowing week a proprietary firm will: offer slightly more than current rates for his cream, and the farmer ac cepts. The proprietary firm makes good that extra little bit in a very; short time, with a little to the good,' and the co-operative society is weakr ened. It is strong only in numbers, not in influence. The associations are disintegrated, and farmers cannot bring their combined weight to bear in their negotiations with the shin ping companies, with the local sell ers. or with the foreign buyers. It is the same with all our other ex ports—wheat, mutton, and fruit. The producer relies upon the asent. and he i=; ever at his mercy. From the point of view of commercial economy. ami granting that every agent was as honest as the day, the present system is the most expensive to-the producer' and to the consumer. Australia's Opportunity. As Australia begins to fill up its empty areas the economic conditions will change, and so the methods will improve. It has the land and the climate to grow almost any product to perfection. This is a bold state ment) but it is true. An exhibit of Australian products which travelled the principal shows of Great Britain last year was so good that some o.f the English farmers doubted its genuineness. That excellent wheat, fruit, butter, and wool could* all be produced from the one farm it would have been madness to attempt .to prove to them. At the Royal Show at Inverness some of the Scottish farm ers, who saw Australian fine wool for the first time, doubted whether it was not silk. Up m the Highlands many of the black-faced sheep grow a covering more resembling goats' hair than woo], and it was no wonder that' they were incredulous. It . was much the same with other products. One has to leave Australia to find how good Australian products really are. Here we become accustomed to good butter, and to: wholesome' and attractive fruit. A sample of beau tifully ulump and flinty grain causes no remark. It is what we see, every-r where, and it is typical of our. pro duce; In Europe the climatic con ditions are against the production of such fruit or of such grain. , And with land the comparison is- all in our favour.. What we despise --as;. third-rate land would be at once con verted into arable land in western Europe. Our quality, because of cli mate, must always be superior. Our quantity,, so long'as-our present me thods continue; will always be com paratively. low. When we adopt the methods of Denmark in dairying, ;and of California" in fruit-growing, we will overcome the competition of any country in the world. 