AT A GLANCE THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN Arnst has challenged Barry to a raoA during November. Chinese propose to administer tliejj postal service without foreign assistance. United States troops ordered to Nicara gua to restore order. Louis Schmidt, the victim of ! he Nor wood accident, died last eveniu^ At the Barrier 29,269 electors arc qq the roll, and at North Sydney 37,895. : A number of American immigrants at* espected in Melbourne next Monday. The Sydney, a new Australian cruiser ■was launched yesterday. The Premier is in the south-east tending Liberal Union socials. The S.A. Gas Company's annual report BbowB a continued increase is business. During the past year two allocations at dividends each of £15,000 were made. The value of hotter eased £d. per lb. the'auction sales yesterday. Although his temperature rose during the morning, ttie Kaiser's health im proved slightly on Wednesday Portuguese mob lynched a priest far conducting a funeral without reading the customary burial service. French army officer burned to death.,, in midair through aeroplane petrol tank batching fire. Nicaragoaii rebels degenerating into barbarism. Starving political prisoners . and burning soldiers' bodies. Advance in price of wheat through showery weather in and reportf of Russian shortage. Mongolian rebels capture Xobda, and Chinese garrison requested a Russian escort from the country. British admiral considers th^ ~ Austra lian navy not a success, as British sea men are being engaged for the ships. Sritish note of protest against Panamt Ganai Bill lodged with United State* President. General Bramwell Booth broke down at his father's funeral service. Tremen dous crowd attended. Interes,tiQg discussion at Port Adelaide City Council last night on Wharves Re sumption Bill. Two children had anarrow escaoe-frons. death at the Adelaide Railway Station yesterday afternoon. . The manager of the Taxi-cab Companj made an unsuccessful attempt to emploj - non-union drivers yesterday. ■ , . A. Bill for an Act to authorise the elec trification of the Glenelg -railway wa» in* iroduced in tb® Assembly yesterday. In the Assembly yesterday the But. ways Standing Committee Bill was read ! for the third time and passed. On -the 'Change yesterday Junctions <. were traded in to the extent of 20*000 shares. The determination'of the Agricultural Machinery and Implement Makers Board ■ .. is published to-day. Mr. Parsons, M-P-, is in favor of civil , servants being brought under the »» visions of the Industrial Arbitration Bill. The captain of the "Murray Bridge Bow ing Club (Mr. G. A. Lush) is sffll imao cepted as an amateur by-the association. Wheat is very firm at present. Sceama* parcels for September shipment haw been placed at 38/74. • Passengers and goods can now be car . lied 53 -miles from Xailem Bend on the j Brown's Well line. , Head restanrant .waitresses ki Perth* W.A.; are only paid from 22/6 to £>} . per wetek. The Prime Minister Will introduce to* Baby Bonus Bill on Tuesday oesj mt» House of Representatives; at Melbourne. Ten new wireless telegraph station® are' to he constructed in Australia dur*. . ing the present financial year. At Melbourne yesterday the weather was particularly cold, and what, was very like a fall of snow, occurred. The. reporters of the Sydney "Daily Telegraph" "have been excluded from Parliament House. A gold prospector at Tanami, in th« Northern. Territory, has forwarded two attractive specimens to the Federal au-, ihorities. Mr. Thomas Simpson Crawford, M.L.A., the Labor, representative of Marrick ville, N;S.W., has been admitted to 1ha . Bar. Miss Eleanor Stone, aged 17, is_ mis sing from her home at Jurawa Greek, near Dalton, Victoria, and it is believed that she has been drowned. The New South Wales Rugby Football ; League defeated the Taranaki team in . i New Zealand by 24 points to nil yestet day. A Russell street, 'Melbourne, second- ■ hand dealer, has his premises, brokec , into on Wednesday night* Over £206 worth of goods were stolen. Some strong judicial comments' were made by Mr. Justice Barton in the High Court yesterday anent the doings of ttw coal vend. Trouble has occurred at Broken Hill between the master bakers and the em ployes' union. The men may cease work nest Saturday. I The Minister of Immigration (Hon. J". ' W.Yoang) yesterday cabled to London to assure laborers .that work awaits them here. - The United Licensed Victuallers' As sociation of New South Wales has do- - cided to abolish counter lunches in hotels after Monday next. The Pretender to the Moorish throne has refused to release French prisoners. Thev will be killed if tile French become aggressive. Influential New Yprkers owned houses raided by the police last year, according to a list published by Police Commis sioner. Two missionary workers among them. At "the inquest on the body of Richard son Reed McGavisk, aged I0i. who feu down while playing with his chums, the coroner returned a verdict ot accidental death. In the Pull Court, yesterday the powt was argued whether bakere drivera cam* within the jurisdiction o£ the Bakerr Wages Board Canada's Premier havuig .** leeielate for women's suffrage, a London socSty has threatened to divert emi grants to Australia and New Zealand. Tknine the debate on ihe second read, ins^ofike Harbors Bill yesterday Mr. Jackson twitted the Government on «« attitude now as compared with the wand it took last year. A Danish professor believes that the British Empire will break up and that England and Ireland will join the United States. American slang is mow poetical than the English language Conference to be held in England October to compel Government to * vote next Parliamentary session to legis lation to improve life standard of wow ing people. There was every indication yesterday that the adjourned conference between the Tramways Trust and five Tramway* Association would not take place toft morning. • . Again yesterday *be Exhibition of Cuho.- at Govcriunor.i > 1 uv.:.\\\£s liber ally natronised.- Proceeds no to th» . funds" of the Distrisr Twined Auisja®, fchfi Jineen's JUimei. = " 