THE DAIRY. BRITISH PRODUCE \- SEASON. A REM ARKABLE YEAR. In the course of their eighteenth annual review of the United Kingdom butter sea' son, which ended on June 30, W. Weddel and Co., Limited, state that it was one of the most remarkable in the history, of the importation of dairy produce. The most extraordinary feature was the high price of both butter and cheese whether they were home made or imported. It is necessary to go back to 1876 and 1877 before finding a parallel for the year's figures. In .those years the official quotation of Danish butter averaged 123 kroner (138/4) and 125 kroner (140/7), while for the year ended on June 30 the average was 110 kroner (123/9). The records of .1870 and 3877 dif fered from the past year, inasmuch as they occurred jit a time when extraordinary high prices prevailed, while the quotations for the 12 months just ended were phenomen ally higher than in any immediately preced ing year. The summer of 1911 will bo long remembered as one of the liottest and driest known. In' addition to intense beat and abnormal want of rain, the area over which these conditions prevailed jvaa unpreccdentedly extensive, Practically the whole of ihe pastoral countries of the nor thern hemisphere from which the United Kingdom had drawn for years hs supplies of butter and cheese, were included. So great and so severe a drought had not been known to occur simultaneously in the same regions for a hundred years. Under suc-Ji exceptional circumstances as' these a great departure; from the ordinary condi tions of trade was inevitable. Other fea tures which contributed" to .make the year memorable were the enormous increase in the import of: margarine, ■ and the great strikes which interfered with the distribu tion of imported butter and cheese after its arrival into this country. "Fortu nately" (says The Review) "the great ex port trade in butter, which, in compara tively recent years, has grown up in Aus tralia and. New Zealand,-enabled the British territories in the southern hemisphere to .ameliorate and redness, to some extent, the natural calamity which affileted Ear&pSan; countries, or there would have existed' a butter and cheese famine of unprecedented severity in the Cluited Kingdom. Owing, however, to the impossibility of Australian and New Zealand dairy farmers being .able to appreciate to the full extewt the conse quences which were houhd to follow these . Jrm.-. .... . M^Ji^aA'Sad gfiiliaut. Thpre®eyer ■wW'a i ^&e;«Pcum«tatioes^OT witbfiairy tjnjj? -^minted ahb¥e in^jha^oaBy^And tyrfi^ mo® oertamty tp ^xee«3ri3y lil^i y>riceS; lor butter ana -clitese thauut tbe close of ike Smrapean iunfimer of WW • I* waxen ^ppbrtaiuity that is. ndt likely teqccur again -for a Ufetaffie/' < "The average.; .Prioe. of ■ -chbioest Austwbau «ili»d4nitter in was 12l/9per «wt., against 105/ -in 1810-11: Bl/S.in ie(Me; lW3,« iu 1»08«; andillA«j . _■ _ ... . . , . „ ... . \ crsaeein theconsuinpnoii effmarganire mo ike anany «tokegtbafc have ariuetriin the' .pasty-ear, it is anticipated tkatibe demand for Sutter and cheeses-will bewell main taineddaring the coming season. - Trade in general and. eaapkiynieirfc in ail indus tries nbojr n» aagns of retiring from their present afcrong positicffls.1 Amid bo maty conflicting conditions it is difficult to make any ■ reliable forecast, but. a surrey of tie world's position of butter and cheese leads te . the. conclusion that - prioes of both articles will be much below-those of .1811-12» but above the average Of the preceding fbur years. ■ . ■- *r- . .. .—CanodaV Dairy Export®.— Last week it was cabled-from Ottawa that figures published by the Department of Trade and Commerce indicate that Canada's exports ^df butter and cheese are • dwindling to nothing, and that New Zea land is securing the British market and ; displacing. Canada. The -department ex-.' plains that Canada's great increase. in population requires all local supplies, and leaves nothing for export; Apropos of this it is noteworthy that 10 years ago the importation of Canadian butter into the United Kingdom.totalled 13,000 tons, while in the 1910-11 Season only <776 tons was received. For the 1911-12 season im ports grew to 3/990 tons, but it was only because , of the excessively high prices ruling that this increase occurred. As a matter of fact. Canada overshipped. and in the winter had to import Australian and. New Zealand butter in large quantities at higher prices than bad been obtained for her own exports to Great Britain. WeddeTa , Re view states that on the London market, for the year ended arith June; Canadian batter was not once in sufficient supply to secure an official quotation. In recent years Canadian butter has been imported into Great Britain, mainly, for cold stor ing to supply winter requirements. "In the future these requirements will, have to be filled from Australia and New Zealand by fresh landed goods. This will be an ad vantage to the London trade, as well 'as to -the Commonwealth, and the Dominion of New Zealand, for however well the butter may keep in cold store, it is not so palat able as when it is freshly made, and there is likely to be an increasing demand for the better article. Of course last season's exports from Australia goffered by reason of dry conditions, but even so, the totals make & significant showing in comparison with New Zealand's and Canada's exports. The imports into Great Britain from these countries for the last five years are com pared below:— _ , ■ . Australia. "New Zealand. Canaan. Tons - Tons. Tons. 1908., .. „ 2!,890. 11,492 1,882 1909., .. .. 16,180 13,631 .2,888 3910 28,770 16,705 1.382 3911., .. .. ,. 41,395 15,852 776 1912 33,077 10,133 , 2,997 So far as cheese is concerned Weddel s note that Canada is increasing in popula tion so rapidly that it cannot keep up the supply of cheese to its borne population and at the same time continue to export to the United Kingdom. This development in Canada is bringing prosperity to New Zealand, which is preparing to take over the business which Canada year by year is less and less able to carry on. In the past fO years Canadian imports have fallen off by 15,000 tons, while New Zealand im ports have increased to the extent of 22,090 tons. TJie statements made in Canada by those who know the cheese trade there, that Canada will cease to export by the year 1016, though of an alarmist character, may have some foundation, in view of the enormous rate of increase in -her popula tion, mostly by immigration. New Zea land. therefore, will- be acting prudently in preparing for probable developments in Canada. By erecting dual plants for but ter- and cheese she will be in the best posi tion to meet all reasonable emergercies. Canada lies so close to the over-populated countries of Europe, and the means of ac cess to her boundless areas of fertile soil are so cheap, that the stream of immigra tion will most probably steadily increase in volume,' and the da&mng; jfeare i>f .fet? export-trade. come' jnucb earuer , ibaii »§?r secim probable. . 