THE . DANISH ' CONStfL. INTERESTING VISIT TO .THE OLD, ? Mr. W. ? T. Stacyi the Adelaide manager for the Union Insurance' Society ; of Can ton, Limited, and Danish Consul for South Australia, returned' oii Friday alter a trip to Europe, accompanied by Mrs. Stacy. During their seven months' trip they/ tra velled in Kugland, Scotland, /and Denmark. and spent two weeks, waiting places of in terest in and about Paris.- Mr. Stacy .went to Denmark to meet the officials of the Foreign Office, where, ha was courteously 'received. ' He had.oportunitiea to ' ' see ;much of the .country,, .and; formed a. high .opinion - in ' regard' to the ^people, ;'who seemed . everywhere happy, and prosperous. Haying-been appointed a delegate by' the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Stacy attended the^meetings of the Congress of Chambers of Commerce of the Empire -at the Guildhall -in June. Tie Prime Minis ter opened the 'proteedjng*. and a cordial welcome was extended by the Lord Mayor. LordDesboroiigh presided over' the deli berations, and; made an ideal Chairman. The leading subjects dealt with were Impe rial defence and preferential trade. The latter was keenly debated, and a motion resulted in a large majority in favour of Empire preference. The delegates were most hospitably entertained, and keenly appreciated the honour of ..being received by the King and $ueen. 'Mr. Stacy vi sited Hullat the invitation of the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company. ' ? The Australian representative- on the' Imperial Trade Commision , (Mr. Campbellf and South Australia's Tjide Commisaoner were among the party. They were shown the facilities of the port for handling over sea produce, and observed tie fact that fro zen meat was slung from the steamer into the cold stores, wit.h no delay or unneces sary handling. The visitors were taken over the new docks undef construction for the. two railway companies.! When com pleted they will materially add to the value of the port as a great distributing centre. . As a result of enauiries made in re gard to immigration, Mr. Stacy was gra tified :to find the growing popularity of the Commonwealth as a field for settlers. In fiuential men and women at home inte rested in this question consider Australia is too particular and exacting in regard to the class of people required, and should be prepared to -welcome any Britishers who may^desire to emisrrate. Understand ing that the. Trade Commissioner was Nming a point of exhibiting samples of South Australian produce at all the lead ing shows in the United Kingdom. Mr Siney attended the annual Grocers' Exhibi tion' at the Agricultural Hall in London on September -21, and. was agreeablv surprised to find that South Australia hail a very attractive show, alongside of one for the Commonwealth. 'Our show of nrodijcft.' said Mr. Stacv, 'was larger am certainly of better quality than the other and attracted much attention from visitors and th? nress. Much credit' is due to Mjr Norton for the businesslike wsiv he Toes to. work. Visitors are supplied with printed forms, showing where our pro dncts may , be purchased. With such a big market awaitine them, our merchants and producers would do well to keep Mir Norton fnlly' -mm)]iftd. as this idea, added to the lectures which h-\ delivers on South Australia, is one. of the best means of breaking down prejudice, and 'extending our ?operations!' 'i ? . . . i ? ? ? 