Welcome Home to Mr. M. O'Keeffe \--o: -- BY HIS LOCKYER FRIENDS. INTERESTING ADDRESS BY MR. O'KEEFFE. It will be remembered (writes our Lockyer correspondent), that a little over 12 months ago a fitting "send off" was tendered to Mr. M. O'Keeffe, by the residents of the Lockyer on the eve of his departure from Laidley on a trip to Ireland in the interests of the Queensland Government, to secure immigrants, and the function which was held in the dining-room of Mr. Dan. Neylan's Empire Hotel, on Thursday evening was arranged in order to tender him a welcome home. A committee had, at a pre- liminary meeting called for the pur- pose, been appointed, with Mr. C. F. W. Beckmann as Chairman, and Mr. T. H. Milsom as secretary, and the arrangements for Thursday evening's gathering were practically left in their hands. Both the School of Arts, and the Norman Hall had previously been engaged for the evening selected, and that was the reason for making other arrangements. The sandwiches, cakes, fruit, and tea and coffee, were supplied, and served by Mr. J. Missenden and his staff, while Mr. Neylan provided the liquid refreshments. His Worship the Mayor of Laidley (Ald. S. Cooper) presided, and on his right sat the guest of the evening, looking exceed- ing ,well and hearty after his trip to the old land. Among others present, were the following :-Ald. H. H. Daniel, T. C. Hayes, and John Carmody Cr. P. Dwyer (Chairman of the Taram- pa Shire Council) and W. Ryan, Messrs. C. F. W. Beckmann, W. Beckmann, A. Beckmann, W. O'Keeffe, C. H. B. Haly (manager of the Queensland National Bank), P. Ryan, W. T. Adams, Jas. Leary (manager of the local branch of the Queensland Farmers, Co-opera- tive Butter Factory), T. Ward, J. Ward, Alex. S. Roberts (president of the Forest Hill Agricultural and Progress Association), T. McGrath, John Daly, , H. Coleman, Phil. McGrath, jun., M. Cunningham, Jas. Mc'Garrigal, E. Brosnan, and T, H. *fIVE tESEt ATIONS.b The quintette or persons, whose portraits appear above represent five generationSt all of whom are lilnag on a piece of land situated on the banks of Blackfellow's Creek, some tuiles to thoaiouth of Gatton. The aged lady on the left, in the front row, is Mrs. Patric's, and beside her is her daughter, Mrs, Henry Andrews. Mrs. Alex, Chalmers, who is nurstag the chili. is a daughter of Mrs. Anldrews, and the other lady standing is Mrs. Thomuss Kean, a daughter of Mrs. Chal mers, whilst the child is a daughter of Mrs. Kean,t her namn being Ivy Mar' lKean. The photo graph was taken some fe?t years aeo, an! the chill is now running about. MeIadames Patrick and Andrews are sidows. Mr. Patrick having died about 20 years ego, and Mr. Andrews in July of last year. The late Messrs. Patrick and Andrews were engaged in the early days in driving teams be tween Ipswich and the West. They then resided at Tledbank. For a time Mr. Andrews was engaged in farming operations at Bedibank Plaias. About 40 years ago they selected land at Black fellow's Creek, on which the cuintette. whose portraits appear above, now reside. Mrs. Andrews is a sister-inla-w of Mrs. W. Leigh, of Blackstone. Milsom. Apologies were received from Messrs. T. J. Logan (Forest Hill), and D. Ryan (Helidon), Cr. A. Schlecht (Chairman of the Laidley Shire Council), the Hon. W. D. Arm strong, M.L.A., Messrs. A. Fitzgerald (Gatton), and M. J. McNamara (For est Hill), and Cr. Phil. McGrath. After the toast of "The King' had been honoured, The Mayor submitted that of "Our Guest." He (the Mayor) expressed his gladness at being able to wel come Mr. O'Keeffe back to his home and family. Men of Mr. O'Keeffe's stamp were fast dying out. Their guest was one of those men who, like himself, came to this country and carved out a home in the wilderness. He (the Mayor) was always pleased to honour such gentlemen wherever they came from. Cr. Dwyer, in supporting the toast, I voiced his pleasure at being present to welcome Mr. O'Keeffe back from the old country, He (Cr. Dwyer), and Mr. O'Keeffe happened to come from the same place in Ireland, and he (Cr. Dwyer) was acquainted with many of the landmarks visit ed in the old country by Mr. O'Keeffe. Ald. Carmody also spoke in support of the toast, he knew that when Mr. O'Keeffe went home he he would have a very hard battle to fight, for he (Ald. Carmody) had been for a trip home quite recently. There was hardly a family in Ireland who did not have a relation in America, and he thought that was why so many people went to America front Ireland. He (Ald. Car mody) had spent five years of his life in American, and he had no hesi tation ia saying that Queensland was the better country. The drawback to Queensland was its distance, for where as you could go from Ireland to Ame rica in about four and a half days, it took seven or eight weeks to come to Queensland. People who came here from lreland thought they were trans ported, and that there was no chance of their ever returning. He was pleased to welcome Mr, O'Keffe back, Mr. C. F. W. Beckmann said he had ben fortunate enough to know Mr. O'Keeffe for 40 years, and one-half of the Queenslanders did not realise the sterling qualities of Mr. O'Keeffe. The latter stood out as a monument to say young Queenslander who might try to make his living in this country. With the knowledge he possessed, and could impart, the Government could have picked out no better man than Mr. O'Keeffe to send out suitable im migrants. Mr. Roberts said he had always looked upon Mr. O'Keeffe as a good friend and neighbour, and also a good townsman, and he was pleased to see him back again. It was, he knew, a hard job to try to get peo ple to leave the land of their birth, and if Mr. O'Keeffe had succeeded in sending a few people to Queensland he had done good work. Cr. W. Ryan said he thought Mr. O'Keeffe was well fitted for the posi tion he went home to fill, but seem ingly he had an up-hill battle to fight. He was glad to welcome Mr. O'Keeffe back, and hoped he would live to see a good many more years in Queens land. Mr. O'Keeffe, on rising to respond, was most cordially received. He said he did not know how to thank them for honouring him as they were do ing that evening. He remembered how they treated him when he was leaving for Ireland, but tonight he could as sure them he could not find words to express his appreciation. He left Queensland on a mission to go to Ireland to try to get people to leave their homes in Ireland. He had been told of the opposition he was likely to meet with, so that he was not dis appointed in that direction. He had met with opposition from every man in Ireland who held a position. People were streaming out of Ireland to such an extent that the population now was only half of what it was 50 years ago. He was not permitted to go into the details of his mission that evening, for he was due to speak on the subject in Brisbane in May next. He would, however, endeavour to give them a brief outline of his trip. It was exactly 36 years from the day he left Ireland to the day that he arrived back, and he had noticed numerous changes. He had had many opportu nities of seeing Ireland, for he rarely remained in the one town for more than two days. He claimed to be a fair ly observant man, and he found the people and the country very much changed for the better. The people were better educated, and their homes and the surroundings were much neater; in fact, people in Ireland now lived much better in every way. He met with opposition from the lead ing public men and from the clergy of every denomination, who were all opposed to immigration. The opposi tion he met with was, however, not annoying to him. He had a right to explain that he thought he could have got thousands of his countrymen to come to this country if they could have found the necessary expenses for the trip out. He was not complaining, for he had been treated well by the Queensland Government and his su periors in London, but he was 12 months too late. To-day every avail able berth had been filled to the end of the present year, and he believed that this had been brought about mainly through the published reports of the Scottish Commissioners. He had met Mr. J. M. Campbell, an old Ips wich boy, who was touring Great Britain and telling the people all about the opportunities and resources of Queensland. Ald. Carmody had touched the keynote when he said that the people of Canada were continual ly nominating their friends in Ireland, and that was what the people of Queensland should do. The Irish peo ple were allowing their relatives and acquaintances to go to America, where they were being lost in the streets of New York. He had received scores of letters from people in America (who had seen an advertisement in a small paper which reached America), telling him most deplorable accounts of the conditions in America, and inquir ing of him the best way to get to Australia. Immigration to Queensland had been suspended as far back as August last, and from that time he had been engaged in making reports on immigration agents. He had found not a single thing to show that they represented Australia, but their coun ters were strewn with literature from America. Certainly he saw something about New Zealand. He (Mr. O'Keffee went into one of the agent's offices, where he saw the counter strewn with Canadian literature, and inquired if the agent hall any literature about Queensland. The agent stooped down, and from under the counter brought out a bundle covered with dust. Aus tralin literature appeared to be tabooed everywhere, Queensland was thought to be a little place near Syd ney. Men and women were constantly going from Ireland to England and Scotland to assist in the harvesting, and he had made all arrangements to meet a lot of these people, when he received a letter to say that, assisted immigration to Queensland was sus pended. He had only been working then for six weeks, and had, up to that time, made his mission a suc cess. He had sent 100 men from Kilorglin, a little town in Kerry, out to Queensland for construction work. He had interviewed several thousand people while at home, and found that not more than 5 per cent of them could find the money necessary for the trip. The average wage in Ire land was 14s a week, and the person earning this often had to assist an aged parent. Had he had a free hand, he would have pledged himself to make his mission a success. Speak ing of the Press, Mr. O'Keeffe said it was impossible to get anything adver tised about his mission, neither would they allow him to look over back files to ascertain what had been said derogatory about him. He was, as he mentioned previously, a year too late, for all the shipping accommodation had been filled up. Last year it was understood that 32,000 Irishmen went to America. In conclusion, he had to thank them very heartily for their welcome home that evening. He could say, without any egotism or boasting, that he knew of no place like Queens land. (Hear, hear.) The dire poverty in the great cities of Europe made one long to be in Australia. He was pleased to see his old friend, the Mayor, looking so well, and hearty. A great number had passed away from the Lockyer since he (Mr. O'Keefe) left, and he was very grieved to hear of the death of his friend, Mr. John Mahon, for he felt his loss very keenly. In reply, to Ald. Carmody as to whether a statement alleged to have been made by a Laidley resident, and published in the "Sun" newspaper, were accurate-that men in the West of Ireland could hardly make 3s a week at harvesting, Mr. O'Keeffe said that there was no man who could answer that question better than he could, and he said that without any egotism, for he was constantly com ing in contact with the working men while in Ireland. Farm lab ourers were paid from 12s to 14s a week, while he found men doing harvesting work who were getting 5s a day. Girls who were engaged in dairying were paid as much as £18 for 11 months' work. He did not find things so bad as mentioned in the "Sun", although they were quite bad enough. The conditions in Ire land were much better now than when he (Mr. O'Keeffe) was a boy. Farming had practically gone out of date, for the people went in more for what is known as "ranching," as it paid them better to let the country run into grass than to cultivate it. Cattle also realised good prices, 60s being paid for calves after they had been dropped a few days, whilst cows were at a correspondingly high figure. The Mayor expressed himself as very much pleased with Mr. O'Keefe's ad dress. Notwithstanding what had been said about Queensland, it was still, he thought, in the background. their railways did not go the right way-they went round the moon-and unless they had a Government who would give them a direct line to population, they would still remain behind. Mr. Jas. McGarrigal proposed the toast of "The Laidley Town Coun cil." and it was acknowledged by the Mayor and AId. Daniel, and Hayes, each speaker expressing his pleasure at being present to assist in wel coming Mr. O'Keeffe home. The toast of the "Shire Councils of Tarampa and Laidley" was sub mitted by Mr. O'Keeffe, and acknow ledged by Crs. Dwyer and Ryan. Ald. Daniel proposed "Commercial Interests," and Messrs. Jas. McGarri gal and E. Brosnan responded. Mr. C. F. W. Beckmann, in pro posing the toast of "The Dairying Industry," ventured the opinion that the dairyman required better facili ties. Instead of the Goverment sending out inspectors to their milk. ing yards and informing the dairymen that their yards were not in order, they should place the inspectors at some of the factories to see that the managers displayed the ability for which they were paid. He maintained that experts should be appointed to classify the cream and not leave it to the factory managers. Messrs Jas. Leary, J. Ward, and A. S. Roberts replied to the toast. Mr. O'Keeffe said he did not quite agree with the remarks of his friend, Mr. Beckmann that they should have more inspectors. What was really wanted was better supervision of their product at the London end, and they should have a better grip of that market. Their Agent-General (Sir Thomas Robinson) was a keen and alert business man, and the pro per person for the position of Agent General, but the time had arriv ed when they should be better represented in Tooley-street. They should try to emulate the system the Danes had of handling their butter. The dairymen of Denmark handled the whole output of their butter practically in one hand. Butter, eggs, poultry, and everything else was hand led by co-operation, and that was what they should do here. They should unite for the purpose of plac ing their products on the market at the cheapest possible cost of pro duction. Great progress had been made during the past decade. Mr. McGarrigal inquired of Mr. O'Keeffe, if it were true that tons of butter shipped to London from Aus tralia were labelled Danish butter and sold as such ? Mr. O'Keeffe replied that that was hardly correct. Three prizes had been secured by butter which came from Queensland, but it was described, in the papers simply as Australian but ter. Their dairying industry he (Mr. O'Keeffe) thought should be handled from the other end. During the win ter months Australian butter was to be found in almost every home in England and Ireland, and was well spoken of. When chairman of the Queensland Farmers'. Co-operative Company, he had endeavoured to get a man sent home, and he still was of the opinion that it would pay them. handsomely if they had a man to watch their interests at home. It was astonishing, the shortages there were in the weight of butter, and for that reason alone it was absolutely essential that they should have a re presentative in England and not leave their business to certain per sons to look after. He had visited scores of butter factories while at home and theirs here were as good as any he had visited. "The Press" was submitted by Mr. Milsom, and suitably acknowledged Mr. C. F. W. Beckmann proposed the health of The, Mayor," and it was musically honoured, as indeed, were the other toasts, and his Worship briefly acknowledged the compliment. The singing of "Auld Lang Sync' and cheers for Mr. O'Keefe termina ated a very pleasing function. During the evening appreciated songs were rendered by Messrs. Geo. Weston (Gatton), and Thos. Wright. 