Notes and News. Cakes mado easy by using A. E. Boy's Solf-raUlnjr Flour. Td per packet* The power plant for tho small nrms factory nt Lithgow ,whioh was mado nt the Government works at Cockatoo Island, is not working satisfactorily, itnd the works will be ut n.Kt.ind-still till tho defects nro romwlied. Thcro has boon a groat scarcity o onions in the Sydnoy markots, anil t hoy havo boon bringing as much ha £14 por ton wholesale. Pumpkins, too. havo been bringing good prices.' though, sometimes, they can hardly b° givou Senator Pcorce. tho Minister fi'r De fence, made nu eloquent speech at Brrktn Hill. rtMjiitc socialist intrmip tinn, maintaining the necessity of pro viding adequate ilefoucc for Aslrnli.l, against possible invasion by some east ern nation 'Always merry and bright' since taking Nemia Tonic ,tlie great blond and nervo remc'ly. The new steamer of tho V. nml O Co., the Ballnrat. brought no loss tlian 1,100 immigrants tu Australia, of whom nearly 700 came to Sydney. There seems to be great hesitation, hoWL-vor. about arranging for the maintenance of the inflow on a .similar scalo. The verdict of Judge nockhonsu, as to the charges brought, against Mr. Kobinion. the chief of the ' IDinsard' re- porting staff, by the Speaker 3Ir Willis, is awaited with great interest. As well as the personal issues involved, there aro public considerations »f con siderable moment. Tbo Government U tiskini; the Public Works Committee to sanction tho cx pendituro --f £10,000 on the extension irt tho Minister's brick works at firomi busli Bay The cry of tho horso-lccch may bo cipecte-l t« be modcrateiiincom parison with the insatiable ilunanda of these stato undertakings. Nemia, Tonic doc' two things at trace — onriches the blood and stri'ngtliens tho nerves. In the ArROiitini-' liaud shearers arc paid about 12/- per 100; machine shearers about ln/ti l-cr 100. Th0 rations consist cliicfly of meal, bis cuit, '* mate'* tea. and sometimes mao aroui and rice It would seem Utat'tho Australian shcaror luis a k-lorioa« time of it. as compared with the lot of Iiis South American compeer In southern districts an rnormou* increase has been noted of late in tho rabbit pest. The outlonk U that all the available |»-tiiro will bo ton sumed before the winter. The only effective safeguard. a» fur discovered, is wiro-notting. There i* excellent fond in netted paddocks, but the country outsido is eaten bnro. \- Nourishment in the breakl.nit cup.' Start the day right by putting it thero ' Bournvillo' Cocoa U nourishment in a most highly concentrated form, and is so readily assimilated that it puts no tax on the digestive powers. 'Bourn- villo' Cocoa is alike suitable for child ren, grown-ups, and aged folks, and has no superior for delicacy of flavour.* Tho Hobart Labor Conforenw re jected a resolution in favour of itniUca tion. and resolved to again submit, the proposed amendments of the constitu tion which were negatived in April last From the- point of view of ex tremists, many of the proceeding* of tho conference havo bocu of a conserva tive character rather than otherwise. The shareholders in Danish coopera tive factories received no less than £1,000.000 sterling as tho result of sales of bacon. Great .possibilities await similar systematisation of ef fort, in Australia. The butter .fac tories have already shown what can bo done. There is room for great /ex pansion, however, in thti production of bacon and hams. Although tho area cropped in 1'JIO-IJ, :i,392.O0O acres, oxcecdod that of the previous year by over |800,000 acres, the value of 'tho produce, £9.493.000, was nearly a million and a half less.. Tho vcraagc yield, according to thu state statistician, was £12/10/2 per acre, as .against £3/8/9; in 'the previous, year It is not always tho largest orca, which gives the best return. ? ' ? The action of the stato Govern ui on tjn dccliriing'to allow the Governor-Ociioral the use of tho Sydnoy Government. House is ' being . condemned U4 un necessarily churlish. A mure matter of rental' should notNbe allowed ]to stand in thn way of extending cordial hospitality^ to the representative of his .Majesty.' The' Victorian Govorunirmt is i mmeasurably wiser in its day hnd generation. .. ? .. . Sydney merchants complain Ihat they are- losing a great deal of trade {on tie count 'ol the obstructive attitude Df the wharf laborers Owing to the delays which take plage at -Sydney, many of their customers are forwarding their orders to Melbourne flnus because the goods conic right through If they wcru to order from Sydney, it would probably bo found impossible to get thogooilii^n board before the .steamer sailed : Whon every one 'gets increased pay then, after all tho trouble thufwoiuivo taken, we shall he just a bum where we were when, wo started. It 'will bo as taking money out of one pocket, iind putting it in another: 'or lofchangc the motaphor, like a killcii chasing its tail Meanwhile, it i» very hard lines, for thoso' who have to Jay tho In creased prices, but who do jwtgotsiuy return in the shape of iucrcaaixl pay. nut, one musD do up-to-uato, even in arrant folly. -?-, - . On the motion of Mr. Stowart fVic.), the Ijabor Conference passed a. reso lution affirming that, no person enrolled in the Defence Force.. should bo~ Com- pelled to bear arms against any workers engaged in, industrial .disputes, notwith standing anything thVt might be con tained in tho' oath of nlloginnco. . Yet. Iho danger of armed lawlessness from . strikers is obviously very much more imminent, than any attack from out .side.! How is it 'that- Labor discipline is so lax in 'this vital taaitor, whilst it. remains so rigid' in the matter. of solidarity ? ??? ;?.. -??... ' 'J'ho inauguration of the ' Million' Club in Sydney has been productive- of sonio lively, discussion; The meaning of tho tqtlo is, Ihut Itlio Jnciobcrslplodgo tlicraselveu to do' whal, tlisy can to raise, the population of Sydnoy'to a million, whereas it is hotoriouB that- jt Ss jmuoh Inrgcr already than is. good tfor)thc-9lato; Evon' apojogiste: of Uio club admililthat the namo' is unliappily olioson., ... ' Our Boys' mudo a. bad beginning in tho third test match at Adelaide. . One' wonders whethor.tlio incessant disputes' and hlckorings . about] omi .thing and another' lfavc had any effect on tho play. Tlioy corUiinly wouldu'l lend to improve it. ,. ..... *?'-'-.-? ' Mr Fisher lias so prodted by the iip liosition which Iiis iiroposal-.-to eiitor into competition with the state Savings. Banks has aroused, that he new .offers to admit tho states as partners iin ;tlicir own undoing. At present nono of them scorn to be caking kindly to thi} ipro ? posal. Everything ' for tho common-, wealth is -Mr. Fisher's motto Thcffltnto Premiers''; would liko something! ; left; which they could call their own I. Thn idea. of. tho conference was thaV'.tliP state Savings Banks should be feilejtlis iacd( Tlio stite . Governments have no objection to nationalise — it is the kamo thing— othor people's properly; Vbut l» trench on thqir own. presorvip is qulto another mattor. '-.?'.? J Throat ? affections and ' hoarseness— All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will bo agreeably surprised at tho almost immediate ,re iief afforded by tho use of 'Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous lozenges' are now sold by the most respectable ohemUte in this Country. People troubled with a 'backing cough,' a 'slight oold,' or ; bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, e» similar troubles if allowed to pro gress, result in sorious .pulmonaryand sastbmatia afleotions. See that . the jlgnaturo of John I; Brown, and Son is.on every wrapper.— Prepared, by John I Brown and Son,..Bo«ton,:.:,U. S. A. European depot, '83 Fam'dgton Ifoad, LONDON, En«1and. 