FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Guidri Gialdini, . the whistler now appearing at the National Theatre, is a peculiar , personage' and in many ways remarkable. Born in Italy, edu cated in Florence, he became a mili tary attache, and spent many years in practical idleness. This life be- came irasome to mm ana he .sought a more venturesome career. Sent with a hand of soldiers .to suppress smug gling in the Alps, he was shot in t3e lungs and lay at the point of death. While recovering, the doctor told him cause whistling was helpful to the lungs. So for days he used to lie out on the mountains whistling and try ing to imitate the birds. At the end of six months he began to enjoy whistling, and, as he says, made friends with the skylarks by rising early and imitating their song. When he had completely recovered Gialdini continued with his whistling, and one night at the military headquarters he was pressed to entertain his brother- officers. From that- out he became a whistling entertainer. One of Gial-: dinis features is that he can accur- ately whistle any given note in any given key without the aid of a piano or other instrument — in fact, he al ways tunes his violin from the notes of his - whistling instead of using a piano or tuning reed. Noticed in the public prints that a specialist has been condemning the "sheath" or f'tuhe" skirt . on the grounds that it causes girleens who inhabit them to. become knock- kneed. He also avers that- the shape of a wo man's legs is a good index to her character. Well, most women aire knock-kneed by nature — -seems a phy sical peculiarity of the sex, and it takes more than a couple of years to produce a divergence in physical characteristics, so that the woman who has the good fortune to he bow-leg ged needn't be" scared of losing her attraction. It is interesting to know that the shape of a woman's leg is an index to her character, hilt It is not likely that "the popularity of palmistry will wane on that account. The specialist quoted (whom the writ er suspects to be a hireling of the underskirt manufacturers) further says that a woman who sticks to "tube"' skirts all her life will be knock-kneed at .the age of 48. Well) fashions don't last a lifetime, and, anyway, what does it matter, at 48? , - That young man - up Castlemaine way who wrapped an application "for u wife around an" apple intended for ex port, and received' requests for the position from 103 English girls in one mail, is an. ungrateful wretch. ' He said in his note that Australian girls were a failure so far as. he was con cerned. Of course this may mean that he was a failure so far as Aus tralian girls were concerned. How ever, we are glad to find that his "apple-ieation" was a success. If the 103 girls come out in a batch and Tush him, he will have the hot. time he de serves. Still, he has -done some good in giving us to see bow Australia may he advertised, and the big demand for "servants may be met. If ever1 Australian apple sent to Europe were wrapped in a note applying' for a wife, the rush of European damsels might result in our getting all the girls we are short of. "Australia doesn't seem to remem ber," says an exchange," "that there are several million colored people within a few days" steam of her empty land, who are annoyed that a lot of good food-growing country should be going to waste- It not only prods the Chinese and the Japanese per son. but it throws a clod at any kind of a person who happens not to be born of two pale parents. Thus it is permitting (after a struggle) a Samoan lady who is the wife of a British man to stay in the land .for one month, the supposition being that if permitted to stay longer she may lie a menace to something or other, the Government isn't quite sure about. Not long since Australia scratched its head over the problem of a Roumanian princess who had among her entourage an Egyptian servant. But ultimately the per- nicketty Commonwealth suspended the Alien Immigration law in order to allow the foreign lady and her Egyptian "boots" " to have - a holi day. The Egyptian wasn't allowed to stay long enough to become a menace, or whatever it is. But 'the princess, finding that New Zealand was 50 per cent, more particular about having its purity smirched by visitors cut out the New Zealand visit, and drifted back to Roumania. A little Australasian persistence and a few more studied insults may have the effect of turning the stream of emigration our way — and there won't be any poll-tax to collect." . . Re the kilt. Why howl if it disap pears? Because it is Scotch? ' Be cause Scotch soldiers (from Glasgow, Dublin, Bermondsey, Liverpool, and Devonshire) have climbed hills In kilts. The kilt isn't more Irish than Scotch, nor more Scotch than Hindoo (the hill tribes wear it), "not more Hin doo than Maori, not more Maori than blackfellow (who wears a kilt of emu feathers when he 'feels dressy), not more blackfellow than Kaffir, not more Kaffir trum Fijian, ana nor more Fijiau than ancient Grecian. In Aus tralia there are men in "Scottish" com panies whose parents were Norwegian, Danish, Swedish, and so on — the "Scottish" companies are parts of rifle battalions and "are therefore like gor geous flowers in a field of docks. If it is the only garment fit to climb hills in, all infantry should wear it. In its pristine beauty it offers a beautiful mark, so the Scottish Tommy on ser vice wears a khaki apron over his gaud and forgets his sporran. He also discards the "trews." 