THE WEEK IN LONDON. as < AN AUSTRALIAN'S NOTES. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) (BY TELEGRAM FROM FREMANTLE.) ' Where the Coal Strike Hits. LONDON, March 29. The coal strike has incidentally proved one or two important facts, which were not suspected by most people. In the first place, this huge artificial centre of London, which most people would have expected to be amongst the earliest places to run short of supplies, has not so far gone short at all. Barely a ton of coal has now been raised in Great Britain for four weeks, and yet London is practically unaffected, except for the price of coal being high, and some of the southern railways having curtailed their services. You may live in this city of 8,000,000 people, and not realise that the coal strike i has ever happened., The reason given is that London is the distributing centre for England, and, indeed, to some extent, for the world. The food supplies for England pair Into London (or distribution, and if there is any dis- location- at any rate, of the present sort London is the last place to feel It. Coal as well as food comes to London for distribution. The consequence is that London, if anything, (values at the expense of the rest of the country. The place to feel the coal strike first, and to feel It severely, has been the sore spot of England-the potteries. Perhaps anyone that has travelled through England to any extent ought to have expected this. There are some pretty miserable towns in this country. The slums In Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Bristol, and other places are depressing to a degree. But of all the slum cities the collection of small second-rate towns, which strings itself out around the pottery centre, is easily the worst. There are six main towns, more or less adjoining, Strung out in a strag- gling line along two roads in the shape of a capital They are not towns of the first Importance by themselves. Taking them, as they come Tunstall has 19,914 people. Bur- seem 38,766, Hanley 61.599, Stoke-upon-Trent (the central town) 30,458, Longton 38,815, and Newcastle-under-Lyme, 19,914, malting one straggling city seven and a half miles long and five and a half miles wide, with something over 3,000,000 Inhabitants. There is no real break between these dingy places; the Ave first named are now federated into one, but New castlo-undor-Lyme remains separate. There, If one had thought of it, is the safest spot in England, and there, sure enough, is where the coal strike has been first felt. "This potteries" are normally In a cloud of smoke, through which it is sometimes almost impossible to see. To-day the air is as clear as in any sunny watering place, and little children are dying of insufficient nourishment, "BO,000 Fed by New South Wales." v All the newspapers to-day print In prominent form the offer of the N.S.W. Government to help the distressed people to the extent of £1000 worth of Australian foodstuffs. The news is displayed in large headlines in the London press "Help from Over Seas." 50,000 to be Fed by New South Wales." The Idea, j I, believe, originated with Mr. P. C. Govers, of the Immigration Department, and it can; only be described as brilliant. N.S.W., to put it on the lowest ground of self-interest, will Incidentally have more publicity from this offer than by expending £100,000 on adverts tag. "The Potteries" is the district in which the relief will be distributed. Mr. Co Uhlan has already arranged to obtain the lowest price' for any Australian produce which may be thought suitable for the district, and he leaves for Nottingham to-morrow to discover what particular foodstuffs the authorities would prefer, and what arrangements to make to forward them. It he finds ; that food is required for grown-up people' the greater part of the gift will probably take, the form of meat, but it it is wanted for children, the other foodstuffs will be chosen. There is some difficulty in arranging for the care riage of goods from London in the present. state of the railways, but the Agent-General ( has been in communication with the London t m4 North-western Railway, and will probably be able to manage for this. If not, the money I i or part would have to be used to buy pro-J! | Yisiot- in the neighbourhood of the potteries. a ? Canadian Immigration. The number of emigrants who left England during last year was published yesterday. Canada received by far the most, 183,000 in all, an increase of 19,10,1 on the figures of the year before. Australia received 68,631, an increase of 30,959; Note Zealand took 12,133, an i increase of 2041. There was a falling-off of. ' over 23,000 in the number that went to the United States, but there was also a large flow ? of people returning, so that the net balance i of British emigration to the States was only, 17th. The total number of persons of; British birth who left Great Britain last year nearly half a million the quota taken by New South Wales may seem almost insignificant.', in course, it could easily be increased. At the same time, it is most important that the high standard of discrimination at present practised by the New South Wales office in London should be kept up. The work in the office has doubled itself, and it is dally in < teasing, its staff is working at present to the very limit of its power, and It is hard to see how the standard set by New South Wales can be maintained unless the staff is increased. ' obsolescence, or Steamships. The motor ship Polnndla, the Danish passenger vessel of 7000 tons, which lately left London on her maiden trip, is now passing through the Red Sea, and the very latest news, which arrived this week by wireless, Is that up to the present her engines have worked admirably. She had 28 hours of very bad weather in the Bay of Biscay, and went through it satisfactorily. Yesterday, at the Institution of Naval Architects. Sir Marcus Samuel, the leading authority on oil supply in England, said that he and his colleagues, as the owners of a fleet of some 70 vessels, were so thoroughly convinced that oil engines were going to supplant steam engines that they had made up their minds that they would never build another steam-driven ship. There was a smaller motor ship afloat be- or the Selandla. the Vulcanus, of 1000 tons. The consumption of oil by the Vul- canvas was only 11.5 per cent, of the consumer " coal at THEY have been necessary to drive her by steam. It took 18 months to bUild an oI1*«r'vch ship in England at present. There' would be no need M .""S,Stmmshlps on steam becoming ob » Me. Sir Marcus Samuel said, since foam late years he adapted for the Diesel ll&. slabs argU"S TClntins t0 -geese oil-driven his "-hS<.,extTr'"nar-* that it is impos- aim the that they Can "nan for air vhB ^Wnieuti.I stage. For ex S. íh:.SelantIia Stakes was. far" in her 55 and yet she is said to carry ronarLti . "l n 20 seconds. Her oil It's Tin" ""VISIT --50lb an hour To Rails.: , announces that the Great Central Sr; .cr;rimen"nS Th 2- a"ven P' s! unfair The caPable of James W m»« I h driven In ,, at -"3'" two tries. and 1 Principle "2 PeUeml" car-shed motor I Itl"olCareePr0rB*U0JaCk«te' 1 -2 Acres future every b-ue-**<*et "'"ties offences" the 2CA 'to him two posts I "offer. if T , ° ranks of eonuntaBioned sale young minerS S Warrant officer while volleys may be placed to the warrant officer Zoe "for a year is a lot of a 2lb H " S rank evident to take either a.,, Man, as" he was Past 01 council tl0r"0blaln-Some show billet. :«>»s that is his , he Of these two lines not yet announce" ' more imports U la although a trip to pprm-*n*»t reform, permanent L , » 1 " are likely wallaby is a tender " It was only been PTPosed temporary measure. The navy is short of about 100 officers, and has to obtain them somehow or another within a short space of time, andante wait for eight years whilst they are! being trained in the elaborate schools which have been established for moulding the regular naval officer from the time he is a small boy, some 10 or 12 years of age. It found itself in a similar plight once before, being short of 100 officers in the rank of lieutenants. It had to look round for a source of supply, and on that occasion it took in 100 lieutenants ready made from the merchant service known familiarly as "the hungry hun- dred." For very exceptional services they could be promoted to the higher ranks, but they entered under the condition that they would in general not be promoted. On the present occasion the Admiralty, being short of 100 officer- or more, has decided to promote warrant officers from inside the service at the rate of 25 or 30 a year for some years, instead of importing merchant service officers. ! Sir. Churchill made it quite clear that the promotion of warrant officers was a special case, and not a part of the regular system of providing officers for the navy. Even amongst the warrant officers it was only the younger ones who would be promoted. "They will be eligible for promotion to higher ranks, he said, "but I anticipate that the great bulk of them will retire content with a career which will have carried them from blue jacket j to commander, and so we shall avoid a block in promotion which might produce aged captains and venerable Admirals, and be injurious to the efficiency of a fighting service." The Admiralty has managed in the last 20 years to obtain a fairly youthful and vigorous staff of officers for each rank in the navy, and it will not at any price raise men of advanced age to an active command. / In choosing its 100 lieutenants it passes over the other warrant officers for the younger ones, even these will be a good deal older than most of the officers of their rank, and they will probably, not reach a higher rank than that of commander, except In cases of phenomenal ability. The case is infinitely better than any that is open to a blue Jacket at present, and If this innovation becomes part of the regular system there will accrue this great advantage, that Osborne-tralned Lieutenant and contains ders will not so often be required to retire as would otherwise be the case, but will be given an increase incentive in the shape of a larger percentage of promotion to the higher ranks, which will be filled with officers at a younger age, perhaps, than is possible even at present. 