OF RURAL INTEREST. (Special for this Paper). ADDING NEW PROVINCES TO VICTORIA. (By "Rustio") The Jeiiarturo of the ictonan Land Sottlers' delegation .for America may be .taken as the chief event of the, week from the" pout of view that is taken in this column-thai ol rural interests. Messrs. W. Calaunch and 1) L'owrick, who Jmvc been entrusted with ,tue important mission to. bring to this State expert irrigauoiiisu, from those parts of the United States where the wilderness has been convert ed into a laud flowing with milk and- Honey bv the. judicious use of water, are entitled to the standing uf am bassadors. Upon the success ol their efforts depenus the realisation .to the full of the potentialities thai lie in our irrigable lands. And tlffc effects of .the influx of a body of the keen American jrrigatiunists who know tho business ajiu have tlio energy and determina tion required to make the most of their opportunities, would not be cou hned tu Vistoria. ihe adjoining btutcs have the essentials for adding the new provincus and immense increase of pro juctioti wiiicn can be brought into ex istence by irrigation p.ojierly 4i>plle<i. New South Wales is already uegiunins to sit up and take notice ..1 the rcsuni attending Air. iilwood Meads work here. It is said that the Government 01 the neighbouring State is, .so impres sed with his ability that they are otter ing temptii.g iiiduceme.its to him to go over to their service. The object lesson which will be provided by the American irrigatioiiists, if Messrs. latanach "ana *sowncK are able to se cure them, will then-tore liate a iar reaehing influence, and will bo a po tent factor in the development, of the producing industries of Australia. Another phase ol the matter 16' the influence these men would have upon the native-born, who are dis|M>sed to regard irrigation with n-ani respect. The l'remier, speaking a tew days ago, sad that iu addition to sending Hie delegation to America another soould be sent through \ ietoria lor the pur jhjsu of bringing about an under standing of what there is iu irrigation. He is right. Hie opening up of th? Northern Territory, which is being ini tiated by tne Federal Government in a puny sort of way, will doubtless take from us a lot of the young men whom we can ill afford to lose. The fascina tion of the wide areas of country will have a greater charm tor these men than the much more remunerative til ling of the land upon the lines of the succesful irragatio.iist, who is a much more valuable member of the com munity and, withal, a more comfort able and a happier one than thos.c who join those "dusty foreloopers" of the "Legion that never was listed." The possibilities that are in irriga tion are indicated iu the recently is sued rejwrt of the State itivers aud Water Supply Commission. It poiiUs out that lor the past three years tho commission has been at work on the construction of many miles of new channels and erecting new and larger pumps on the .Murray. I hit work iias cost a large sum of money, but it has given inudi larger and more reliable water supply, and createJ in farmers and fruit- growers who believe in ir rigation a confiedence they lacked be fore. As a result new activity is re ported as being manifested, land is be ing graded, lucerne a4,d other fodder crops seeded, orchards and vineyards planted. Over 700 acres of new or chards have been planted in llodncy this season, a larger area has been planted to trees aud vines in AVhite Cliffs, and substantial additions have been made to the intenselv cultivated areas'in Swan Hill and Cobumi. lu order to enable settlers who ar rived iatv iast year to have a summer supply of foddvr, the commission, by arrangement with the Closer Settle ment lioard, ploughed, graded and seeded to lucerne about 30U0 acres of land in tracts of from 5 to 'JO acres on individual blocks. It aiso prepared and seeded several hundred additional acres to annual fodder crops. This is probably (he greatest increase in the area seeded to lucerne made in one >ear since the irrigation districts were started. It is regarded by the com missioners as being yet too early to forecast the contribution of the State's wealth which these new settlers will make. Much work is at present pre paratory, 'ihere are, however, many who have been in the State lest than a year who are making large returns ?icn tnuiilh. The iiktcumW use ti! Ha ter and the compulsory charge for the volume allotted for irrigation is also improving the liuiajiciai condition of the various districts supplied; Development, it is stated, would have been imuoFsnble had there not been a marked increase in population and labor in the irrigation districts. There were not enough Victorian set tlers to use the surplus water, and in 3J years prior to July, 1910, only 1554 immigrants of all classes had come from oversea. The mission of the dele gation abroad was to find settlers and workers for the irrigation areas. In the single year from July, 1910, to June, lull, tiOOS people arrived and were dealt with by the office handling tliis class of immigrants; it created new and better conditions, airtl awoke new confidence and energy. In addi tion to those rpporled by the Immigra tion department,a considerable number of settlers from abroad has been at tracted to the irrigation districts by the wide publicity given to its oppor tunities and has gone there without being included in the above total. The arrival of .these settlers has, it is re ported, stimulated local iuterest* and increased settlement by "Victorians, and as a result irrigation has made greater progress in the last twelve mouths than for many years previous ly ; vacant blocks at White Cliffs, Xyah, Cohuna, and Shepparton have been taken, and practically the whole of the new closer settlements at Ko j-uga, Nanucella, and liamawn is oc cupied . Since the present movement for ir rigated .closer settlement began,09,658 acres of laud have been acquired bv the State, and 4020 acres have been taken by 757 settlers. Over 2U,00u acres is being subdivided and mad,, ready for settlers, and negotiation for the purchase of a large additional acreage are jkmiUjh". Reference is made m the rc]jort to , the need of expert irrigators. It is limited out that as yet tins teaturo oi llio Victorian immigration policv has not been carried into effect.and oiie fu n damental idea of that polioy, wWcn was to secure farmers who wero ex perts in irrigated agriculture, is in uanger of lieing lost sight of. It is. the commissioners state, of the utmost importance that this matier should hare early attention. The State is attempting in irrigation kiistnets to make a small area support a large population, and to create the kind of agriculture which will give as comfort able a living from 60 irrigated acres as can be had from.3oo acres depen dent, on rainfall. In other words it is attempting to establish on a large scales the highest forpi of agriculture known. Die soil, climate and water, supply make these result* possible. *.'..". a re B'<Jn of great and varied pos sibilities, but these cad only be rwlii ,cdVthrpiigh having iu.4l.ieBo.d|stnct? 'a cdnsiderahlbr percentagCrVof farmers who nru able to do fthe. required .work ■in tho best' manner, aud .who will,bo r?>h'tbnt'\vith'iiothing.less., Suohinpn i\iir' bo nn example, ami incentivo to begirin,crs without cxpeHeucb. '.These, (tlistricts iic?l orclinrilists'who. know, how to grow citrus friiits ;■ they, need vineyardists who iiiivo ha<l expericnco in growing nntl shipping tablo grapes: thev need fanners who 'understand dairying, lucerne growing mid • Jamb iattunuig'; and, above all, tliey need a considerable .pprccntag^ of settlers >-}io believe in irrigation, anU are skill- U'HK 'OUIiItCT'fOB. TliK I'KODUCTS The decision' of tho States Obinet last week to establish fruit-canning factories in connection with the mira tion settlements is an earnest of .in in telligent developmental policv on tlio part of'the Goveramct nliich is a j;<xml augury for tnc future of those settlements." Increased production is no good without market facilities. Fruit-growing is oIC of the most pay able of i-.idnstries where intense, cul ture.is engaged in, and with a nieans to dispose ot the output of the or chards there is an assurance of hand some returns for. labcr that is not so arduous as that of mr.st rural callings. The object' of establisniiig these can ning factories is to provide a certain market for fruit produced under ir rigation, as under trnit "growing it will he possible to effect a much closer set tlement of the irrigation areas. The v,.?Ui.n.t has decided to take initial steps to?a<Js the ostablishn.cnt of one factory. It will be necessary iu the first place to get a man who under stands fruit canning. It is suggested that ultimately lour factories will be required, 'lho cost per factory is es timated at under £SOOO. It has not been decided whether tho factories shall be exclusively under Government control. ANOTHEH IMPORTANT TASK FOK DELKGAIIOX TO AMKKICA. I liavo time ami again expressed the opinion that nothing should daunt the jhjuits that be in the excellent and somewhat difficult task of establishing the beet sugar ill this State upon' a sound basis. There are big things iu ii, but thu diihculiy is nou t<> gci. the farmer to grow the requisite atnouut of beet. All sorts of inducements liavf buen offered to the men in the neigh bourhood of the -Maifra Factory, but apparently without avail, io'tako up beet growing would mean something ot a nu?- departure, anu tney won't get out of the rut let the inducements be what they may. The factory could deal with all the beet tlnit could ho growa upon 6XKK) acres, but lho raw material now obtainable is limited to that raised upon about 1000 acres. Here, agaiir, is an instance of tho need for so.ucoiic to cou:u along and show what can he made out ot bi-ct giwing carried out on proper lines. Then perliaps our farmers will consent to cast aside prejudice against this brauch of agriculture—a prejudice which can only be accounted for by the fact that the industry is a new one in I his country. The Cabinet last week agreed to authorise Mr. Catan ach, during his visit lo America, to en deavour to induce some bict growers there—men who ki.ow how—to come to Maffra. Let us liupc ho succeeds. THE RIGHT WAV AS OITOSEO TO THE CASUAL WAV. A Sydney weekly published a satire upon the attention to detail in dairy work, which is Held to bo necessary to ensure the best results. It depicted an irate farn.er examining a cow and shouting to an unseen helper:—"Here, Hill, why the h haven't you brush ed iiriudle?" A voice from the shed replied despairingly:—" Give a mau a chance. I ain't finished shaving the bull yet." Hut by means of the care for the herd tims satirised can be built up a reputation that pays to have. As witness the case of De.nnark. Aus tralia sent to England OCT/JWi cwt. of butter during last year. Denmark sent 1,72G,0!Xi cwt. Danish hutter has a reputation worth coveting. That re putation, also, is not the result of ac cident, but ut downright scientific cal ctilatiun. There are 21 agricultural and horticultural schools iu X)cimiark, besides the veterinary and agricultural college in Copenhagen. lj possible, Danish milk is even byter thair Danish butter. It chooses the farms from which it nill receive tjiv miik. From that time forth the company's own veterinary surgeon visits each farm twice every mouth ajd examines each individual cow. If any cow is sus pected ot Iwing unhealthy, tno surgwu has it removed, and on" eaeli visit he has to till in aud forward a scheduled form, stating the condition of the cows and other matters. Twice in each year the company's dairy expert—a lady—pays a surprise visit to each farm, and stays a day there to see for herself that they un derstand scientific cleanliness in milk ing, in using the Ulandcr filter, aud cojliug the milk, and she has to for ward a detailed report on specified questions. Every cow has first been subjected to the tuberculin test, and during the winter, when the cows iu these countries have to be housed, the iinir on the udders, bins and tails is clipped, so as to help tho work of keep ing the cows clean. All these pro cautions are taken by the milk supply company in regard to the cows before oven you begin to touch on the milk itself. The precautions taken with the ac tual milk are aimed at keeping it free from harmful bacterin from tho mo "ment it leaves the udder to the mo ment when it i g drunk. As an article in a Danish newspaper sji-J :—" Ex pectoration from a consumptive work man in a earelcssly-cor.duoted work house, is carried by a draught of air tu an open pail or can; a year or so later some child dies of intestinal tuberculosis." That is just as much cause and effect, the paper says, as the fall of a mau after the discharge of a murderer's pistol. At tho name time, they do not believe in boiling or pasteurising milk. "Ho who pasteu rises good milk," they say, "is a fool ; and he who pasteurises had milk is a rogue. ' The Danish method now is to try by scrupulous cleanliness to en sure no harmful bacteria reaching the milk. .- ; All this IB very far removed from the methods in vogue i;i this country. \\\o are casual, there's no gainsaying it. Probably nobody realises this uiore than the men who are managing the big .Nestle factory at Dcnnington.That concern provides its suppliers with facilities for. keeping'tho milk in good condition. Among those is a heot Jit— tlo building for every farm iu which to store the milt, but it is only by tho most rigorous system of inspection that some of tho dairymen can bo pro ven ted from allowing their pigs to oc cupy it. ■.■... Tliu ne? minister hud prc^cJied elo quently on the uikdoiii of (Jod, and Inn umxlnchb in proiiding for us ao cordin? to our i nreds. "It is 'the same with the floneis," he baid. "Sun shine for jour geraniums and hclio trojjc, a thaJy corner for \our fuch v The litUo noinnn ?ho lad liitened 'Ilitciitly caino fornard to thank him. *'l profited so muck by your ser mon,' she exclaimed. The minister beamed, "t never knew before," she went on, just, ?hat was th? matter with my fuebias." ■ • . -; 