In another column an announcement is made to the effect that Her Ex- cellency Lady Fuller and party would leave Bairnsdale for Dargo on Satur- day (to- morrow) for the purpose of installing a bush nurse in the latter town. Just before going to press we learn that the Vice-Regal party will arrive at Stratford from Bairnsdale on Saturday morning, and that a start for Dargo will be made at 10.30. Two motor cars for the conveyance of the party will arrive in Stratford by the late train to-night, and it is ex- pected that at least eight motor cars will make the trip to-morrow. The President of the Avon Shire Council (Cr A. B. Taylor) by adver- tisement elsewhere invites citizens who are willing to assist in arranging a demonstration of welcome to Her Excellency Lady Fuller on Monday next to meet him at the Shire Hall at 8 p.m. to-night. Ladies who are willing to assist are invited to meet at the Shire office at 3 p.m. to-day to discuss the matter and draw up suggestions to submit to the general meeting in the evening. A public meeting will be held in the Council Chambers to-night at 8 p.m., for the purpose of appointing a trustee for the Stratford Recrea- tion Reserve. A meeting of the Anglers Club will be held on Wednesday evening next, at the Mechanics' Institute. For years past the fact that netting has been carried on in the Avon River has been a well-known fact, and it is high time some attempt was made to bring the offenders to book. Last week a Stratford resident was coming along the river when he noticed a boat containing three men about a mile below the Clydebank punt. A little farther np the river he saw a line of cocks stretching from one bank to the other, showing that a net was set there. No wonder anglers can obtain no sport in this stream. Since our last issue splendid rains have fallen, the total fall registered for the week being 2.38 inches. The Briagolong school committee have decided to run a rail and boat ex- cursion to the Lakes' Entrance on Wed- nesday, 12th February, 1913. Full particulars will he announced later. A very pleasing function took place at the school bazaar on Thursday of last week, when Miss Kendall, who has for some time filled the position of infant teacher at the school, was made the recipient of a .handsome marble clock, the gift of the children. Miss Kendall has resigned from the Department, and the children wished to show the love and admiration they have for their teacher, who has en- deared herself to every child in the school. The presentation was made by one of the senior girls (Miss Kath- leen Galway), who, in a few nicely chosen words, explained the loving sentiments which prompted the gift. Miss Kendall thanked the children for the gift, which would remind her of many happy days and of the bond of affected which existed between her and the scholars. The anniversasy services in connec- tion with the Methodist Home Mis- sions will be held throughout the Circuit on Sunday next. In the local Methodist church the morning service will be conducted by Mr Mudd, F.L.S., F.R.G.S., and in the evening Mr J. M. Burr will preach. On Monday evening a lecture will be delivered in the church by Sister Bessie. A cordial invitation is extended to all. Our esteemed postmaster, Mr J. W. Nedwell, has received notice of his transfer to Creswick, and expects to leave here about the middle of January. Mr Nedwell's departure will be a distinct loss to the town, as he has always taken an active part in every movement which had for its object the welfare and advancement of the town and district. It is in connection with the annual fete and flower show in aid of the Church of England Rectory Fund that Mr Ned- well has been most closely associated and his place will be most difficult to fill. However, we understand the transfer means promotion, and it is gratifying to know that while Mr Nedwell has found time to carry out a deal of useful work an a citizen his worth as a public official has not been overlooked by the heads of the Department. The anniversary services in con- nection with the Presbyterian Sunday School will be held in the local church on Sunday next, at 11 a.m. A seasonable hint from Mr M. McIlroy to his customers:—Having in mind the great rush of work, which our tailors had to contend with last Xmas, through many of our clients leaving their suit orders till the last moment, may we request that you place yours at once, so as to prevent disappointment. By giving your order now, it will not only avoid the congestion of the holiday trade, but it will get closer and more careful supervision, and you will also have a larger assortment of woollens to select from. We are still employing the same firm of wholesale tailors, which is a guarantee that each gar- ment will be well cut, made, and finished. Closing date for Christmas orders, 7th December. Ten Danish immigrants of the agricultural working class landed from the steamer Indrapura last week. It has been decided by the Depart- ment of Agriculture to send the men to Maffra, to be engaged on the growing of sugar beet. Several of the men possess a knowledge of its culture, and the idea is that they shall eventually settle on the land in the district. By advertisement in another column Messrs Andrews Bros., tailors, Sale and Orbost, announces that they are making a special offer to Gipps- landers. This well-known firm are making a speciality of made- to- measure suits at the extremely low price of 35/. These suits are tailored in the firm's well-known excellent style and there are nearly 100 different patterns to choose from. Although the prices is so low, the suits are equal, both in quality and workmanship, to many that are sold at a very much higher figure. For those who require something more expensive there is a great range of seasonable patterns, to suit all. Orders for Xmas suits must be placed at once to ensure completion. 