NOTES OF THE WEEK. The Olympic . Games. MANY eyes turn to Northern Europe just now. The Olympic games, for which great prepara tions have been made for many months past, were initiated on Saturday by the King of Sweden. Al most every kind of athletic performance is repre sented in the programme of events, and almost every nation sends one or more contestants. Miss Durack and Miss Wylie are. among the swimming contestants from Australia, and our oarsmen, riflemen, and other champions will no doubt prove that the Antipodes are not one whit behind the world either in brain nr hra.wn ' * . Righf Horn, /aims Bryce. A USTRALIA is gratified by the visit of Mr. l\ James Bryce, British Ambassador at Wash ington. The multitude and quality of his achieve ments make him not only a remarkable man of the d?iy£ W^asladmifable as he is remarkable. He comes' froinld^fBfelfast,, where the campaign against Home5 ^ulfi^iiaB ^ts centre; r yet he is one of the strongest^ad^cates; of Iriish devolution. He began early Jbo^tuAp big questions — some of them are still ilisoluble— -ii^ihp* soon' impressed every open mind with thfeiqeir^iction that he was open, honest, fear less, anfli If 'need be, indomitable. As a statesman his w&rk-; has been thorbugh. He is recognised as one of ^the 'world's greatest diplomats and deepest thinkers.^ ;.'_.' V-. . ' :; ':'-'? - , /Y .,' '? .'?' ? . ' . '' ' ~ ? ' %^;}:Free~ Railway Passes. fTiHEJ^fine ^Ministe^Y^r- Fisher, is asking the 1 0E^e GQvertimfm.ts -'fio grant free railway passes'^rPptertpL^ne^vnbiitician. who has at any time/heldVa.;Federai^ppr:tfolio.' He promises re ciprpcity jT^fen Federal railways are in existence. Thus Austria; Without any voice in the transac tion, is^eiiigy^j^d-^perhapS'- committed— to p'rac 'ticanyy^n^i!p'ninS':V-«±^iinister8. This, too, under a Constltutipn.rwjtich ^excludes Judges of the High Court from4j||n.sjion rights in every respect. Mr. Fisher has ^rof-at)iy sounded members behind the country ^a^i; and l^ialready assured that, his scheme r%iil oGipat ^rough jWjthout protest. ??; But the principle ji^w^i^j^abspiutely wrong, /.The tendency -|ij|. &way;^frpjn /democracy, not Ito^ardsv it. The pfcople^ hjec^pS&e; :*prey p£ : polit4ical^v^tu1res, and the *sch0rn^|^ cor- ruption of ^ne vwtfrSt'Skind. \- ' YY '' ? * ?-?:? ??v' '.:??; . : ''? ? ? ? . ' ??';? „? * ??'s£.-:^^^ '????? - MR. Jl^E^; COOK raised ^Le- question of tra v^lijtiig^^fe^jtiyces in--ih*} House of ;Represenr ' tatives -one ^a^/lasf '^eek;; . and -from the few facts he citesay ijt-X ^quld^ s^emi^thjsfti there r ris - room for a great 4^^*f^evelHng^p-4or levelling down. The €otrern6r 'pf the Gomm6n;wealth Bank, for instance, draws f£ 3 3s a day wheti travelling. That is in addition to his salary of ^;'£ 4000. When employed *n *3iis x-ld bank his travelling allowance was 15s a day- A Supreme Court Judge draws £2 2s; a Fufclic Service Commissioner draws £1 Is; and the/ Governor of the Northern Territory draws £ 2 2s. Mr. Goote did not supply any basis for an intelligent scale. , Perhaps there is no intelligent scale— the ?amount being simply what the official thinks him self worth — but the divergence in Government posi tions should not be so glaring. The Penny Famine. IT is a universally held opinion that low coinage denominations indicate a condition of poverty of the masses. Applied to Australia, however, this is a fallacy, notwithstanding the fact that Aus tralia's copper coinage ran out during the first few months of the current year, and the Federal Treas ury felt obliged to cable to the Mint authorities of Great Britain for larger supplies. No less than \- £^490 worth has come to hand, including 1,425,600 pennies and 696,000 of the much-abused ha'pen nies, while .further consignments are on the way. It is not our poverty, but our expanding tramway system, that has created the demand, * Compulsory School Attendance. THE Public Instruction Act of New South Wales makes compulsory 140 attendances at school in the year. This minimum is regarded by many parents as the maximum of duty, and is cut still fur ther down oh very slender cause. A multitude of fcfcildren, therefore, attend only about a third of the days of the school year. The Department hopes to get the law changed in this respect. : As it oper ates, it is unfair to both teacher and child. The suggestion is to. make attendance on all school days compulsory, allowing, of course, reasonable excuse . for absence. Population. THE mere matter of enumerating the popula tion of the various States of Australia v.ould not of itself excite great interest, but as each State draws from- the Commonwealth Customs an excise 25s per head, a most important element is intro duced. Any State undervalued' as to its popula tion loses 25s per head 'pf tte under valuations. The Commonwealth has its statistician and the States have theirs, and as the statisticians have not agreed on a common basis of calculation, results OVER BURDENED. * Country Taxpayer: ..'It may be the Government Policy to saddle me with these things, but what I really want to know ?? ? is where are those millions of acres of promised land. ' must be expected to differ. Absolute numerical ? ... accuracy is impossible;, a basis for, working- purposes ? is ; attainable if ; Commonwealth and State statis ticians hoid;; a sitting— free conference, f If this does tnpts lend ;-; the trouble, a brief; j Commonwealth Bill dealing with the matter should . jbe immediately '* tabled^ ...- ,'. Y ' ,.? ' \\-, ?'..'.' ' l\ ? '. -Y: Educational Methodp. MO country under the British. 'flagpj shows a more thorough* determination to V impart* sound education ito ? its children; than does ^ ust.r alia. In the fervour of tits efforts, however, it occasionally 'errs. .y Recently, for instance, it has; been decided that candidates for teaching are to Me ! set at work \- THE HOUR GLASS. ( The Kangaroo: 'Fancy travelling half-way around the world to be bowled by that!' without undergoing the preliminary eliminating test. Those teachers, 4the Department explains, are to be sent to the country schools. * After a period there they will,, if foujid suitable, be admit ted to the training school and will pass t&ence; in the usual way. But why are country toSvps to be saddled with the inexpert? Why not placf the teacher on trial in some large city school where, if suitable, he will have an opportunity tp t:pick up the best methods, and, if unsuitable, he will realise the fact early? 'Way allow the incompetent man, like the dog in law, to have his first bite ?wjilii Im punity, provided it is a bush chiid he bites? Ignorance of Australia. THE poet, critic, and novelist Mr. Theodore Watts Dunton in a letter tp Mr. W. E. Hawkins, of Sydney, the president of the Shakespeare Society, stated that he had never met a born Australian whose knowledge of Australian history was equal to his own, and that he had been somewhat aston ished at the ignorance of the Australians he had met concerning important events which related to their country. Perhaps Mr. Watts-Dunton, were he to live in Australia, would be no less amazed at the surprising knowledge of the native-born in everything that relates to the history of their coun try's sport. The poet's rebuke, we are afraid, is rot without point. The Conquest of the Air. AUSTRALIANS, and Sydney people in particular, are proud of the fact that Mr. William Hart, the Parramatta aeronaut, was successful in his race— the first of its kind in the Commonwealth — against 'Wizard' Stone of America, last Saturday. The ele mental conditions 'that prevailed when the race was flown made the test a very severe one, and the fact that the victorious airman had to fight against both wind and rain, proved the stability of his machine — a biplane — and the prowess of the man who guided it over the twenty mile course at a rate of over a mile a minute. The N.SW. Land Acts. NOTWITHSTANDING the repeated promises of present acd past Governments of N.S.W. that the maze of land Acts with which the State is burdened would be simplified, it is now rumoured thai- there is no likelihood of any Consolidating Bill being introduced. A number of departmental of ficials: were set apart to carry out tho work over a year ago, hut it looks as' if the task has. proved too great for them. Surely the confusion if, not bo bad that it cannot be unravelled. If Government ex perts find it impossible to reduce the existing maze to order, what chance has the poor man on the land? Gold. IT is not very cheering to read in the N.S.W. Statistical Register, just issued, that the win ning of gold in this State is* on the down grade. Gold, won in 1876 amounted to £613,190, in 1896 to, £ 1,073,360V and in'1911 to only: £802,211. When the increased skill in « labour, the improvements in \- machinery, and the wider and more scientific know . ledge of the mineral deposits cf the State are taken into account, the descent, from 1896 is disappoint ing -ndr the advance- from 1876 miserable. No one with a knowledge of the country- admits tliat its gold is worked down to, a limited pittance. Tiie Mines administration -is industrious and plodding, but it seems that something might be gleaned from a study of German and American methods of the treatment of difficult stone. The Great White Curse. AN anti-tuberculosis dispensary for indigent per sons has at last been established in Sydney. Something of the same kind was started in England years ago, but the movement in Australia appears to have had its origin in purely local needs. Thus another big step has been taken in the direction of combating the great white curse. Australia and Australians are wonderfully free from consumption, and now, while the country is young, is the right time to commence the battle against one of the most insidious diseases to which man is heir. But much has yet to be done, and constant vigilance is essential. Trees or Flowers? SYDNEY is .still a city in the making; conse quently the tearing up of old- established trees to make wider spaces for flowers is a natural se quence. Yet this scheme of alteration should move within eauiy understood lines. If the trees be taken away, what provision is to be made for shade? Flowers are delightful, but of the multi tudes who frequent parks and gardens, the majority look for shade. Even as it is, the provision for shade is inadequate. To cut away fig trees and devote the space to roses may please the eye, but it does not solve all the problem. American' Politics. THE United States of America, if they apply: the lesson, are certain to gain from the present conflict between Taft and Roosevelt. The people, nominally all-powerful, will see more plainly now' than in any preceding contest that they are thp victims of cliques, clubs, and professional machines, it was a brave freeman's ideal to make the people supreme; but the supremacy of the people has been appropriated by 'bosses.' It is the old story of the wild horse and ^his rider. -,. ..??....-. jl. '. -..-.,:..:, .,,.-..,.? .?/. The Northern Territory). THE total white population of the Northern Terri tory at the end of last year,, according to the report of Mr. Justice Mitchell, ex- Acting Adminis trator, was 1720. And that was the first year in the history of the settlement in which the whites exceeded the coloured races in number. The total, white and coloured, excluding aboriginals, was 3271, that number being actually 39 less than in 1910. The revenue last year came to a little over £ 12,000, more than half of that coming from stimulants. Still, the region is reported to be rich in mineral, agricultural, and pastoral country. Freedom in Parliament. IN the House of Commons on June 25, Mr. G. Lansbury went to the Treasury Bench and shook his fist in the faces of Ministers. He screamed 'You should be turned out of office; you will go down to posterity as torturers of women.' The Speaker thrice requested Mr. Lansbury to leave off, but he refused and was then warned. After a little consideration, Mr. Lansbury withdrew. Con trast this with the method of procedure adopted by the Willis-M'Gowen-Holinan combination. Order purchased by suppression of opinion, as it is in the N.S.W. Parliament, is rank disorder. '?? . In and Out of Office. FRENCH strikers must often be mystified at the wholly unexpected conduct of their Parliamen tary idols. The trans-Atlantic liner La Provence was delayed recently in consequence of a strike at Havre, but M. Delcasse, Minister of Marine, pro vided 260 bluejackets and naval stokers, and sent the vessel on her way. This action is quite in ac cord with that of M. Briand during the railway strike of a few years ago. When out of office, both these statesmen indulge in language which makes thef- workers look on them as men of their own view's. When placed in responsible positions, how ever, both M. Briand and M. Delcasse use army and navy to carry on the public services when strikers vacate their posts. So it is with almost every politician when he is placed in a responsible jitisition. The Admiralty and the Strikes. A NEW aspect of the labour troubles now agitat ?*'*? ing the world is revealed in Mr. Winston Churchill's statement regarding the Admiralty pro gramme. He is, he indicates, hastening the carry ing out of naval construction, owing to the possi bility of further strikes. That is taking time by the forelock. If a strike synchronised with a de claration of war the calamity would certainly be appalling. But the report of the first invading gun would surely bring all Britons into line; minor squabbles would be forgotten or postponed. Mr. Churchill may have a much more serious reason for laying down all classes of vessels earlier than had been intended. Colour in South Africa. 'KfiR- FICHARDT has given notice of amendments ?*?*??? to the Botha Anti- Asiatic Immigration Bill now before the South African Parliament. He desires the deportation, with compensation, of all Asiatics now in South Africa. There is a very large Asiatic population in some of the provinces, and wholesale deportation would lead to industrial disorganisation. In. Natal alone there are 141,000 Asiatics to 98,000 Europeans. The compensation, if at -all adequate, would reach a sum. South Africa would find difficult to raise.' '' The position Vof ^affairs shows how wisely Australia acted in adopting exclusion before Asia made a home in its territory. Kaiser and Czar. THE Kaiser and the Czar will meet in Finland this month, and momentous possibilities are already foreshadowed. The meeting may have merely a friendly significance; emperors, like other people, should be capable of friendship. The Kaiser, however, has played so many startling parts in his day 'that- his ordinary acts are liable to be misunder stood, and to create misunderstanding in respect to the acts of others associated with him. The posi tion in Europe at the present time, too, is so un certain, and the recent trouble in Northern Africa has left the nations in such a state of nerves that all sorts of speculation is being indulged in. The Suffragettes. f IT* HE British Parliament is faced with a very | * serious problem in the militant woman suf- | fragist, andJ it is beginning to look as if they will £ find a way out of the trouble only by conceding the * demands of the importunates. The introduction r- cf the Adult Suffrage Bill (for males) has helped to ? inflame the passion of the suffragette, to such an ex- * tent that her genius has found new outlets for her * terrorist campaign. Insulting Ministers and smashing windows indiscriminately have been part o! her general scheme all along; now she has or- 5 ganised special attacks on certain leaders of public | opinion, and is following out her decrees with i almost anarchistic precision. In addition, she has :*: resolved to break the wndows of every post-office H in the kingdom. Imprisonment has no 'deterring £ influence on her. She has made up her mind to v have the vote, and right or wrong she will have it. Even some of the Labour leaders who at one time ;; espoused the woman's cause have turned against ; her, but she fights on unheeding. * Two Languages. GENERAL BOTHA, Prime Minister of the South African Union, has carried, by 63 votes to 29, an amendment of the Public Service Act, pre venting the promotion of a Civil servant after five years' service unless he has passed an examination in the English and Dutch languages. The amend ment is a mild variant on General Hertzog's educa tion test, under which school inspectors and school teachers— some of them adventurous Australians — were dismissed because they could not teach Dutch. Botha gives them five years to pick the language up. If the test be honest — not such a test as Australia forces on coloured aliens — there is not much beyond sentiment in the matter, because a Briton can easily acquire a useful knowledge of the language in five years. Even then, if he fail, he is not dis missed. The Afrikander's love of his native tongue can be thoroughly understood, and his reasons for doing everything possible to ensure its perpetuation appreciated; but, after all, English is bound, sooner or later, to become the recognised language of the country. It is a universal language; Taal is purely local; and with the advancement of the country commercially Enc:HoV» is bound to predominate. Queen Alexandra's Arrival ; in England ' 50 Years Ago. QUEEN ALEXANDRA is this year celebrating the 50th anniversary of her first landing in England, and on Wednesday last ('Alexandra Day') there was a great demonstration in her honour. Her Majesty, in an open. carriage, made a general tour of London. Ten thousand ladies sold in the streets 10,000,000 . artificial wild roses, the Queen's favourite flower, 'which had been made by cripples,. for the benefit of -the hospitals. Many of the roses brought a guinea. The «?? above picture is a reproduction of a ljainting by Oswald Brierly (the original of 'which graces i one, of the walls of a Sydney home), depicting the arrival of the vessel containing the lovely Danish Princess at Gravesend. . In the centre of the picture is the Royal yacht, Victoria and Albert; beside her is the Emerald, then the Raccoon, and (on the extreme left) the Warrior. The artist lived for some time in Sydney, and many fine examples _o£ ins .work are to be seen in the Mitchell '-? Library and in the National Art Gallery. - 