ITEMS BY CABLE. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS, The Minister for External Affairs has re ceived from Sir George Reid a telegram advis ing that the foundations of the Commonwealth Offices in London be proceeded with on improved lines. Mrs. Pa'nkhurst,. the notorious .suffragette leader, states that no sort of punishment will deter the suffragettes from drawing attention to their demands — not even capital punishment. In connection Avith the Imperial wireless scheme, a high-power station will.be establish ed in the highlands of East Africa, and a low power one at Mombasa. While performing her steam trials, in the English Channel, the battleship Centurion sank a steamer believed to be the Italian ,steamer Derna, bound from Memel, Prussia, to a Welsh port, all on board being drowned. i Nine men. were killed by an avalanche on Copper Mountain, Alaska. Several buildings belonging to the Copper Mountain Mining Com pany were overAvhelmed, and carried bodily down the hillside. i Forty tons of cordite at the Ardeer Iron works, in Scotland, - caught fire,. ,ill.uminatiiig the country for miles around'. The steamer Demosthenes left London on No vember 7, with 83 immigrants for Queensland. Of this number 79 were nominated. Francis J. Tarr, a well-known Bristol solicitor, died suddenly during the week. An investiga tion of his accounts has noAv shown that he was insolvent, and that he had been misappropriat ing money amounting to £31,000. M. Garros aeroplaned to a height of 19,000ft at Tunis on December 11, which constitutes a world's record. The death is announced by cable from Ber lin of Prince Luitpold, Regent and heir- pre sumptive of Bavaria. The Canadian cadets have arrived at "Van couver, and Avere welcomed by the Premier and other members of the Government, as well as the Mayor and aldermen of .the city. The boys express themselves as highly pleased with their trip. A London cable states that the directors of the Bank of Australasia recommend , the issue of 10,000 shares of £40. Details will be gi\en later. The political crisis in Japan continues. It is really a duel between Prince Katsura and the Marauis Yamagata. Scotland Yard has organised a special de partment to enforce the provisions of the Act dealing with the White Slave traffic, and already many foreign procurers are leaving England. The London police state that the engineer, Wallace, who was sent to gaol for five yea.s for coining, is an able and skilful man, who arrived from Australia in 1908. Germany, according to a Reuter's message, has ordered another airship. She will be of 750,000 cubic feet, ana 548 horse power,. The Danish Lower House has carried an amendment to the Constitution, granting Lhe vote to Avomen of twenty-five years old, poa sessing certain property qualifications. The fate of .the measure in' the Upper House Is un certain. . -The Eirst Lord of the Admiralty, In a speech on December 14, stated that Britain was passing through a picturesque period, its prosperity was great, and the colonies drawing closer to Lord - Roberts has made another speech in England -imploring the nation to adopt compul sory service . He- has also published his otlmr speeches in a cheap form. OAving to a fall, Sir George Reid, High Com missioner for Australia In London, Avas un able to distribute the prizes in connection with the Pitman School at Queen's Hall on Friday night. Mr. Thomas Mackenzie, High Commis sioner for NeAV Zealand, took his place. The Oxford-Cambridge inter-University cross country race was run, over a utven a-:d a half miles course. . Oxford won. Sproule (Mel bourne) was the. first to finish, his time be ing 44min 13 4-5sec. - The Balkan Peace Conference opened at St. James' Palace, London, on Dec. 16. The dele gates were cordially welcomed by Sir Edward Grey, British Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. The employees of the North-Eastern Rail way, who had struck owing to the disrating of Knox, a driver, on tho ground of drunkenness, have uoav gone back to work, the company hav ing agreed to reinstate him. Several London newspapers allege that Mr Asquith has informed liis colleagues that he will retire, at the . end of the present Parlia rnent if the principle of votes for women is . adopted. 