STRAY GLEANINGS. Lord penman, tho GovernorGene ral, possibly will open tho now Tech nical Co.logo in Toowoomba. Austral Band will hold an exouraion to Dalby on Sunday, Juno 9. ? A carpet snake, 14 foefc in length, .was discovered in somo loading at tho Tpow oomba railway Btation on Thurs day. The Warwick Master Bakers' Asso ciation announces that on and after 1st. Juno the price of bread will bo , ,_, 4A. per loaf, A 'proclamation' lias boan issued pro hibiting- importation or exportation of leather for human iiso containing bari um sulplitvto or other barium com pounds. About luilf-nn-inch of rain fell last week over 'the wheat baits in Tain worth district (N.S.W.).. The soak age' whs just sufficient to reach tho , teed. Tho population o{ N&w; South Wa'.es on March' 81 was estimated to be 1,711,607, an increuso of 18,265 during \- *he. quarter. It is announced that a number of . South Brisbano dairymen havo dacided to .raise the price of milk by Id. per ; quart, on and -after Juno 1. The Cause of this is declared to be the high price of fodder, etc. At the sitting of the royal commis sion on food and the Sydney meat trade, a carcase butcher said that the k retail prices were fixed according to M the judgment of the firms interested. ^ Senator Peorce (Minister for De Bfc* fence), is satisfied with the present sya JHfr* . torn of obtaining Tomount horses for W army pnrposes. The proposal for tiie establishment of a military horse breeding farm in tho Northern Tarri \- tory. will not be * procee-lcd -with for the present. Judge Backhouse awarded £12 dam ages to Ch-as. Joseph M'Guire oi G ebe (Sydney), in an action .against Bob Hodge, hairdresser, of Oxford street, ejrdney. The plaintiff was nicked wfth a raeor while being shaved and contracted 'barber's itch,' which is' n contagious disease. A portor named Joseph Aggett acci dentally was killed on Tuesday when engaged in shunting operatioas at the West Maitland railway yards. The ?d9ceased. who was a married man with four children, was a member of the Sonth Afrioan bushmen's contingent, And hod a medal and two clasps. The Norwegian barque Whin'attcr, from New Caledonia to Glasgow, has prat into Aliparo short of provisions. Half the crew deserted, and the re mainder will not obey orders. There ia danger of the vessel drifting ashore if toe -wind changes. John Lorfimer, aged 26, -was riding A motor bicycle at Marrickville (Syd ney) when he crashed into an eleotno tram. The bicye'o was completely smashed up, and Lorrimer was killed, his skull being fractured. The Peninsular and Oriental Steam ? Navigation Company have ordered the t construction of two steamers of the 1l Ballarat type, for service in the trade * ' between England and Australia, via iho Cape of Good Hope. An official of the Sydney Storemen's tJnion states that tho Paddington branch of the Political labour League _ has carried a resolution 6tatin« that 5000 to 6000 men were out of work .in SvHnev. and advisine tliA Govern ment to- limit tho stream of immi grants. -The employees of the Hikur-angi -N.Z.) coal mine -struck work as the outcome of a difference with the man agement respecting weighing. Sam ple, the Labour Federation organiser, declares that the Victorian end New South 'Wales ? coalnjiners have agreed in writing not to hew coal for New Zealand if eo requested. Tho latest statistics. show an alarm ing increase in the number of divorces granted. . Last year's figures are the largest in,. tho history of Victoria, be ing 211 as against 140 in the previous year and 151 in 1907.- Tho number of divorces for the «urrent year will prob ably exceed last 'ear's Tecord. De jsertion was responsible for by far tho geattfst numbor of divorces. Arthur Hoppel, a well-known bicycle track diver, was killed at Brighton Pier (Eng.) in tho presence of thous ands of holiday makers. News eom~« from Tulsa. in the State of Oklahoma, that a tornado haa swept ihe district of Skyatook. It is known thai seven persona havo been killed, -and that railway and telegraph com munication has been broken. j& Oat of 180 spectators at a cinemato 9 graph show in Spain,- at which ft fire occurred, onlv a few escaped, and of ?60 bodies bo far recovered only 22 are identifiable. The Show was not licensed and the proprietor has been Tho river stoaraor Mildred missed the locks- on the canalised portion of the Li-evro River (Canada) and wont over a dam backward*. There were no passengers on board, -and the crew leaped overboard and escaped. The boilers exploded, and the craft floated in fragments down tho Tiver. Sixteen bntchsrs. who were concern ed in the recent strike in tho retail *rado at Gisbomo (N.Z.). wore hsfofe the Court on Tuesday. Tho President of .the TJnion wn« fined £10, ond nine of the others were fined £3 each. A bullock hide from tho meat works at Townsvi'lo re-flJ'sed £5 3s. ftt Winch \--ombe Carson nnd Oo.'s auction in Svdnev. It woiphod 891bs.. fl-nd fetch ed 14d. i-?r lb.. which. u said to'bo nn Australian record. t Dr. Hinded, the well- known Danish ft diet export, who has b«en working (of several yeara in a. laboratory founded by tho Government ond himself, has discovered that potatoes are- tho Uest and almost only cure for diswdcrH of tho kidney. ? 