SUMMARY. j Mr. Bodgers u the selected Laberal' candidate tor tlw Wannon seat. As the result of. a typhoon and floods in -Jhina 5U,OOU pe^le Have been drown-, ed and 100,000 rendered homefesB. ' Very heavy rain has fallen in the. Glen Wills district during the last fire days, over 11 inches being recorded. George North, a new arrival from fin gland, was run over by a cane truck near Hingera, Q., and died shortly after wards. . \- Mrs. Alice Kinnehnrg, a sailor's wif^ living at .Richmond, wae-- taken ' to' the; M'dhnnmfl iUlffnn'ng- JnMH Australia, denies the statem^^^^^i he contemplates arranging for the yisit of an Jttngush eleven 10 Australia. ' For the irugusu cncKet reason the following are tne leading averages: — Batting, O. B. i'ry (Hampshire), 56.85 ; bowling, J. Langlej CWarwick)[, 1U wickets, average 10.36. lxindoii 'GloDe' approves of the suggestion that New Zealand should be represented on the Imperial Defence Committee through a Minister for ^Ex ternal Affaire More than ten #tons of alfalfa seed from Patagonia, the property, of immi grants now arriving in Victoria, was Held in quarantine, owing to reported traces ot 'dodder.' Tile army airship Gamma, which has been used in connection with the Eng lish manouvres, demonstrated how de vastation could be brought upon a city by means of dirigibles. lne death of tne man who was found near a boxtnorn bush at Werribee 00-. cui'red at the Melbourne Hospital. It' was believed that his name was George P im, and that he was a bricklayer. 'J ue ibody *of -the man which was wasned up on the beach at St. K.ilda lias been identiiied as that of Frank i'aulimer, an immigrant, who is be iieved to have come from Birmingham. iAindon critics attribute the prema ture end of tne army manouvres to the penectiou oi' aerial scouting and the uinciency of wirelesB telegraphy and aeroplanes nullifying tactical move ments. ' At a largely attended meeting of resi dents of Alexandra souvenirs lor bravery in connection with the floods were hand ed to iHessrs. lTred Wightman, .Laurie and Harrie, Johnson , and Reuben .fayne. limiiia Edwards, a widow, 83 years of age, living at vVest Footscray^ was sitting by tue lire, when her dress caugnt aught, and before the hamea couxd be extinguished, she was badly burned about tne body. While filling t/ay*. widl wax matches at a factory at Burnley, Hose William^ a factory hand, 17 years of age, was se verely, -.-hucued ahffufr tihri -iiwur aad .neak° in consequence of one of the trays of. matches becoming ignited. uii ue riding a bicycle along Hod dx-street, -Jiirton Hih, X)avid Bain, 45 years ol' age, living at Richmond, col lided with a butctter'e cart, and was snuck on tne body by one of the shafts. Bain was seriously injured, several of 1113 ribs being crushed in. A goods train crasned into a passen ger tram at xiuxemburg. Tne pas senger train was crowded with work men and others going to market. Six ty 'persons were injured, lTiriinimg a uriver and a fireman, who subsequently succumbed. A man, ii wl.ose pocket was subse quently iound a card .bearing the na,me Albert C. {Joxwi, was run over by the Laewen nam train late at night. In tue Belfast mill girls iiad several scrimmages, catching each other by the liair and lighting violently until t,Wn po lice interfered. .Messrs. L. and H. Johnson, of Alex audra, in pitch darkness, launched a boat in a raging torrent^ and ixwed across to rescue two men from a perilous position on a «-nali island. Heinrich. 'l'olle, a -workman at Gottin gen, who was under observation in the prison there, .hit open an artery in his left arm, bit pieces of flnah off the upper part of 'the arm, and tore some hesh oif his breast. While the member of the Unionist club were holding- a parade in Belfast hooligans through vodies of stones at windows and wrecked the Italians' ice cream shops. They also looted grocery and spirit stores. James Kerr, one of the oldest district farmers, was found at Thalia, with his throat cut within 3 chains of his homestead. Deceased had appeared to be somewhat troubled about the necessity of undergoing an operation to have a growth removed from the head. 'Mat' Wells, who was recently de feated for the light- weight boxing cham pionship by Hughie .the Aus tralian, ha« challenged Ueh^gan to an other contest. Wells suezestB that the match should be for £1000 aside. - ? A representative -rf Mr. Hugh iosJl, of ftyfln'fly jinm -Sq -nffav;i in'E £10,0Q0 4o 'Jad?' Langford and M'Vea. ^ohnsonv^dedar^s' that he has retired ftnm -rtw snAgj bnt: the Australian promoter is doufident of securing the heavy-weiglit ptiam^inn - Mrs. Agnes Perking whose death ie, reported at Adelong, N.S.W., leaves 10ft: descendants. _ She was one of the suav. vivors of the di£astrouB l&52 flood, when. - the old town of Gundagai. was. wadbed away. She was four da^s in the loft of a stable with her four children fae^ fore being rescued. With 20 cases of measles on board,' the steamer Norseman brought, over 1,100 assisted pa&sengera; to Ajustraha Of these 553 are to settie in Victoria. During' the discussion grievances' in the House of Re^resentabvesi, Mr. lledgog questioned 1ue : advisability .jfif , using iarri for sleepers on the ~transB-: Australian railway. - lietters have been received at Van- ] courer from some -jf the - Qanadian, 1 Cadets visiting Australia, in. wlri-dL J bitter ,con^laints are made xceaiding; ] their iiihospiteble trestm^it in Austra- 1 lia. The fids declare themfid.ves - dip^' l gusted, and anxious to return home. 1 One.huiidred aid thirty boys engaged | in the bank-note siwit3i)g'- !depas^eiiit' | of _the BaaJs o|- Firiglftnd w^t out on- j strike as a protest f^inet lhe l^ying. | o£ ineB for small -^»tce6, '^nc}Ddi3agr 1 talking. ' The boye made a demcmBtxa-1 tion ogtEode -the .bask, ..but ^ie polib» | di^ersed ihjMn. -r^^- r„.' - ' . 1 13ie ''wnant ?agHinkt. B'n^n'P.iilp lorth $dng 'convinoed that Home J Me in Xrebuod Tyould 4»'sdRtenire: of I cml and religious fseedopv, vdestrucj^e- 1 to ciiH^ensbip,:jand 9^alo^ itq^-ibe ^D&V;' ; of 'Sie iknpl^e, XJM^rmeni^^idgfe lJiem^ | JBelves^to #aad t%e0her ^u|i3^at{» ^K| «qual dtizMtehip 3Jn^ed iWSmgrA dom, ^and^ refuse to seongnym tbe au- | ihonty of San. tosar^^MSwflienti eonfir-ll dei^t idiat God f^l da^end ihe.^i^hit. ? { Sir Caisen has warned peojple signing the covenant again eb Home \- linls 'Ctiat -they muBt hot go Jback upon their .promise or £eu1 in the critical iaor hient. ' '7 ? Reports from inspectors of the Queens land sugar, districts show (thai' in some ca&e8; growe£s hat^ disLisbcd. all i-L.'d men. -wnile in otbers ae few men as pos aible ore being -kept on. litie new ecned ule of rates and conditions issued by the ?Minister ot Uustoms^ wliich must be ob servad if the reoopt of a bouniy is not to. be imperilled, ia^tated to be respon sible* -? - MMew Zeiii&nd.; that' tlte be beached at Holyheadi:.' 'OCwo l&lds;, the etokehold, aa(L'£he engine-room are full -o£ water. The s.s. Sliare Bloom was also oadly damaged.* ^ 1 A British comapny widebid everj- pro jectile foundry in the United Staxes for a large conteact. Asg# result, the. Dni tedistates shell workers hdbd an indigna tion meeting, at which, they, decided to refuse to. continue shells unless an American firm w£re given the con tract. The pressure thus brought to bgar forced the £k-vecninent to ^ve way and the contract wa&lbft; in America. A Brunswick traag^rwni'ng from Flin ders-street and a South Melbourne car collided at the inteisec&on; of Collins and £i]izabetih streeit&.r . Both tirams were cro-nrded with passengers, who were re turning from the football match. The Brunswick tram had~almo&t;' cleared the line when the dummy, of the South Mel bourne tram crashed into- the rear of the car close to the bade platform. Most of the passengers on the .South Melbourne dummy-sprang oS before the impact' oc curred. Mrs. Hoare and Miss Hogan wece pinned to the 1 seat by the wire screen. Miss Hogan received severe in jury to one of her knees. Mrs. Hoare, was extricated in an j^nconscious condi tion. Sjib8equentlj- Mrs. Hoare was suf fering from -shock. A third lady, Mrs. M'Cormack, received slight injuries. The crew of ~ an Bnghsh airship drop ped fireballs ill various parts of Cam bridge, including the quadrangle at Trinity College, ' wheqe the King was staying, proving the. damage air craft could do in war. James Rudd, a miner, 24 years of age, living at Korumburra, while out shooting with his brotheit, was getting through a fence when he accidentally discharged the gun he was carrying, and -received a -wound in the arm. The Corsioan bandit Paoli, who has created a reign of terror for a long time past,, is still uncaptured. He has mur dered a 24th victim. Paoli's motive is revenge, and his victims -wtre people he suspected of- haying harboured hie rival, SangguinettL Canadian manufacturers: ^ze urging the Dominion GoverxJsienl%-^aniignd the' tariff in such a way as to give more complete protection to Canadian indus tries, particularly with a view to the en couragement of this wool, isteel, and ship building interests on the Pacific coast. A; Cingalese named i-ali Ania Godwin, who had studied ait Oxford, absconded from Paris with £4000' worth of pearls belonging to a compatriot in that city, lie gambled away tne money at various European casinos, and then committed suicide at Bnghien, the Belgium water ing-place. A faro gambling house in Sherwood street, St. James, London^ was raided by the police at night, and sixty-two persons were arrested. In the police court one of the principals of the estab lishment was fined £100, and another £50. The other offenders were bound over to be of good behavior. Mary Ann Gravenali, a married wo man, living at North Melbourne, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital suf fering from lysol poisoning. Mrs. Gra venali attempted to resist treatment, and stated she was tired of life in con sequence of business worries and tile re cent aeath ot ner cmid. ?Mademoiselle Weidemam, an assist-; ant in the laboratory at the Saltpetriere] Hospital, Paris, has fallen a victim to X Rays. It has been found necessary to amputate both her arms. She has, in recognition of her services to science, received the Government's medal of honor. Burros (donkeys) which refused to leave She railway track upon the ap proach of a train were responsible for an accident attended by much kiss of life on the Mexican Central Railway line. A. train with, a number of soldiers ran into the animals, and. became de railed. Eleven of the soldiers were killed and (forty-seven were injured. James Draper, an old-age peaaunor, 65 years of. age, died in the Melbourne Hospital early yesterday morning. Drap er, when admitted to the institution cn August 24, was found to be suffering from a fractured skull, and it was stated that he had received a fall in oonse quence of having tripped over a mat in a-city hotel. Xheibofo ttas rejnpved _i»4h.e obigae, ~whet£ an inqwiiy will be -. ;of horses dttached to, a loray became revive, i«ad'suddenl£- dashed along Spring street until they zeaohed the front o S the Bfederal Parlikmant housei where the off-horse fell, and upas dragged axxoss. the. road by his com panion in harness, and tossed on to the verandah ot the White; Out Hotel, where the driver. W. Edgar, who had pluckily stack to iue seat, had a nanow escape from being jammed against the roof. One of- Wirth Bros.' circus elephants got loose at Stawell at night, and inter fered^rwith goods ait the railway, sheds. He Bpped open three bags of flour, spilfing i^ie contents in the mudj and eoattered other bags abont in various di rections ; one bag he must have carried, for it was found' some distance away from the rest, and another eight begs wiere interfered withj and Mr. Wirth had to ' pay £5 10/ aa compensation. A emali^boat «int»im'ng AnJ»m Bur den, the ships carp^it^ and three Asiatics, of whom Fekoo Jhaski was one, was: lowiK%d from the Kalomo, berthed ia the Yarra, and the crew, went xouhd. to the sttro to . the jud der.- Ou^ng to the^ heav7 ,awjU on the v,a±er, ;^;lifla|i[j'jsrias -^ijcied^,w-oirt 60ft. away, front tile shuoj, .asd white mao 'wew .tjyipg tp ^ull^'fet^ again the s.e.; Qhaddtte ; whi(ih was leaving cahiel-^reen ttiet^uporina b-wt, ^Sring'it with sufficijant anji'JhasH 'into, tiie nater. wim. was wialfle to aaorn,k^pt: himself «Boa^lw^p}aiaiu.lus .i^nn. 411^ i}ie' hejhad. bew pumng, bnjt Jhaaki sa^ .almost immediately, and i5H8B »ob seen again. ^ e Cher lotte Fenwitk wa^lfEooeeding aJong IJie riyer' at 4he r^julatsnn &pw; iate' of apeed/=and:^t;is^raid lhat she idew her wbteoe -iimee. ,to warn )thos« in of her approach JSssendon beat Carlton by four points, in toe league tootball premiership com petition. An excejlent display of . produce was made by the Commonwealth at the grocery exhibition in .London. ine Knglifih aviator, Astiey, at Bel x-ot fell a distance of 150 feet into the enclosure, and was Jciiieu. 111 Title presence 'ol 3U,UUU epecbatore. Vthue dying at Chemnitz, in Germany, a lieutenant was Jailed, while another jiheer, wno had asosnded in an aeroplane I at Berlin, fell, and lost ills life. I toire George j&eid;, speaking in ' New iorit, said—' 'Australia nas notning but jkocb' wBich roccHrred ih. '^€tas «iai:ly in tlie. yeai were roared, as there nad been an abnorinuiiy neavy rain during the summer. The JNicaragoan revolt has not yet oeen quelled. 'J/ne State departments im port that the revolutionaries have cap cured the {San Jorge forts. Ihe Fi-anch Jfreimer nas annoiiii^eci .that bpain has given instructions £0 her consuls to abstain Iroin political 11 ter lerence in the Jfrench. zone in Morocco. For live .hours the Government force* in Nicaragua^ tought with, the revolu tionaries, and there were heavy casual ties on .both sides. Finally the Gov ernment troops were compelled to re treat. l'o test the opinion among London actors and actresses as to whether thea tres should be open on Sunday a referen dum was held. The voting was as fol lows: — For bunday theatres, 123 ^against .2,834. . Greece i^^Uag^Maaqbolise 130,000 a force -rang^IsKjQBBwSf^oelBctrihcation of tne railways. At a meeting of Bendigo miners it was decided to reject the compromise suggested by the JMinister for Mines liar. M'itaide), regarding the searching of gold-min^s by two special searchers appointed' b£ the mine-owners. The German airship Hansa, which crossed from Hamburg to Copenhagen, and inspected the British First Cruiser squadron, which were in Danish waters j— an achievement that' has been the jcause of enthusiastic comment in the German press. Aeronauts at Hendon, however, dis count the importance of the feat of the German airship, Hausa. They charac terise it as merely a spectacular flignt. A single aeroplane, they assert, would be able to destroy, several of the Zep pelin airships. Ten members of the Australian Cricket learn left Southampton for the - United States. „ Those. ..who went were:— iD, Smith, W. Caxkeek,. ahd_T. J!. Mat thews (Victoria) ; H.- Webster, E. R. Mayne, W. J. Whitty (South Austra lia) ; S. H. Emery, (J: Kelleway, and S. K. Gregory (New South Wales); and J. W. M'lLaren (Queensland). The eleven will be made up by the inclusion of Australian students at the -dental and other colleges in America This year's crop of tobacco is, accord ing to reports from the North-west, the finest crop which has yet been grown in Victoria. T. N. Vines, of St. Columb's Athletic Club, is ten-mile cross-country champion of Victoria. He won the title at Caul field racecourse in 58 min. 3 sec. Cross talk on the telephone is expect ed to be reduced considerably by the undergrounding of telephone wires, and the introduction of metallic circuits, now being effected bj the Postal authorities. l'arraviJlo is to be the site for th- main poiyeiviiouse 111 connection twici Jjue eluc kiihcation oi the suburban rail ways. The feature of the Victorian trade re turns for August is that imports shon no further tendency, to expand. Serious hoods aie reported through out the country. Some lives were lost and overflowing rivers caused consider able damage to property. The first round at /the amateur goll championship of Australia, played at Sandrmgham, left lvo Whit ton, H. Alor rison, G. le R. Burnham,. and J. D. Hodden. 10 play -? i *^(^d-?iStS^rotcen 'Hill anc plant, was -instantly killed through oeing Caugixt \- between a conveyer-belt and. pulley. Hi« head 'was crushed. In order to prevent an American Beef Trust from becoming established m Australia, the Legislative Council aas decided to ask tne Government to oo-operate with the other States Gov ernments to take action. jUax Kuschel, aged 30 years, a Ger man, who had been the manager of a iisii siiop in Richmond, was found dead in his bedroom above the shop. Kus chel wag found on the floor with a bul let wound in the chest, and a revolver near liis right hand. .New Zealand Radicals show great hostility to the discrepancies in the salaries of the military othcers and civil servants, and generally attack the whole system of defence. The arrival within the space of a few days of three steamers, each carry ing a large number ot assisted passen gers, threatened to seriously embarrass the immigration authorities. ' The Duke and Duchess of Connaught have completed their tour through Canada extending from the Atlantic to the Pacific. | Sir Wilfred Laurier, leader of the Op position in the Dominion House of Com-, j mons, declares that the reciprocity ques tion was still alive. Canada, he added, must secure larger markets. Canadian Liberals will persevere with | the reciprocity policy with the United I States, which is in the interests of the I country. A fire in the Irish express, resulting in the train being held up- at Colwyn j Bay, was caused by boys who were Btu dents of Stonevburst College. They ap I plied a match ; some disinfectant in the lavatory to see ii it would burn, and the carriage .v:: , 1.1; mediately wrapped in flames. Ai ::;:;.-ady stated, seven of the studcr.'.s sustained burns while one was seriously injured through jumping from tiie carriage. One hundred other boys I ..ci e on the train. They were all re turning to Stoneyhurst College from Dublin. In the Hungarian Parliament, M. Ladislas Beothy, Minister of Commerce, was designated a scoundrel by one of the -Opposition, and the Minister struck his insulter. The Opposition members thereupon rushed the Minister and felled him to the floor with their fists. The Ministerialists dashed to the assistance of Mr. Beothy, whom they rescued. A strong force of police subsequently ar rived and were admitted to the Cham ber. Tile j:iembers of the Opposition then departed in a body. Extensive damage has been caused by the floods in the country. At Seymour the waters rose so high that 50 families had to leave their homes. 'Hughie' Mehegan, of Australia, by def outing * 4 Matt' 'Wells, of London, has won the title of champion lightweight 'boxer of the empire. In Chicago Sir George Reid pleaded for Anglo-Saxon peace. Australia, he | said, bad never had bloodshed, and I never expected to have it. Tiiara aro trroai- 4-1 — ? ? 1. out Mexico City. Mobs are parading the streets shouting 'Viva Diaz,' ana hissing the name of President Madero. Originally it was intended that Vic toria and New South Wales should be matched against each other in a mimic battla at J£aster. Now it has been de cided to abandon that idea for the pre sent, and the ' various artillery, light horse, and infantry unitB will exercise in independent camps. At the Bridge Inn, Mflleaworth, the flood debris is being cleared up. Nowadays people know the pewe of everything and the value of nothing. — Oscar Wilde. 