Tatiara Bureau. The Tatiara Bureau held, a very successful meeting on Saturday, both as regards the nutnberof members present and the material in liand for discussion. - An interesting circular regarding the obtaining of immigration. , labour and ,apro-, posaTto introduce an extra duty of 10s. a ton on foreign manure were discussed, particulars of which ar;e given iu the preceding pars. Other business -dealt with was correspondence from the Department 1 that in regard to-the Branch's application for a supply of Berseein seed, they regretted that the seed of this fodder that the Department had imported had already been distributed, therefocie they were unable to supply. Expressions of regret followed this announcement. Also from .same, making a clain of £4 4s. for lease of a Danish bull to "the districts for a. period of 12 months.' As "the secretary did not have sufficient funds in hand' to meet the claim, members at once paid in their fees. Mr. A. A. Fisher read a paper on water conversation, making his remarks general to the state, and suggesting schemes of a national character. His paper was successful in this point that it raised a discussion on water conversation as it concerned the farmer and also drew forth much information concerning irrigation and -the results . obtained in gardens from the use of. an underground supply. We have:also excised this discussion from the general report, and it will be found in another part of the paper. < Mr. D. W. Bradshaw wrote that as he had not the time to give attention to Bureau matters, he resigned as a member of the Branch. The resignation was accepted. Discussion ensued as to the best means of popularising the meetings of the Branch, and it was ultimately carried that at question box meeting should be introduced at the August meeting, when all members should be able to attend and a selection of about half a dozen Bureau subjects would be chosen. These would be plaeed in a hat, together with sufficient blanks to make up the attendance, and the members that drew the subjects would have to make an impromptu address on the subject then in hand. The meeting in June is to be controlled by Mr. Kilmartin who will read' a paper. Mr Donald Campbell, late member for the district of Victoria and Albert, will sail for England;, on Thursday next to attend the' sitting of the Royal Commission on Imperial Trade, on which he hns been appointed by the Federal Government to represent Australia. He will be accompanied by his wife and family. He paid a farewell visit to Millicent last week, where he had his home for many years, and he was tendered a banquet on Wednesday evening. The champion "cigar smoker in France has proved his right to that title by keeping a cigar alight for 2 hours 17 mins,, thus beating all other competitors at a match in Paris. At the end of an hdur lonly two men were still smoking, and one soon afterwards 'gaye up, leaving the field clear for the redoubtable champion. The secretary of the R.I.B.A. (Ro££l Institute of British"" Architects) has explained in the London "Times" that, its members are vetoed from taking part in the Federal capital site owing to unfair conditions. It is with a sense of satisfaction that those who object to picture displays of a sensational character likely to effect the minds of children and others of immature metal growth will learn' the premier has issued an order forbiding the display of the Kelly gang films. Spots on varnish may be removed, by rubbing them well with a soft rag saturated in boiled linseed oil. 