THE -LATEST NEWS. [BY TELEGRAPH.] Weather Forecast. MeijIiodknk, Thursday. N.S.W.: Generally fine, broken by isolated, thunder in the eastern half; hot sultry northerly winds on the . coast, veering to cool southerly gen erally within 48 hours. LONDON', Tuesday. King George has conferred the Royal Victorian Order honors upon the French officers and seamen who gave assistance at the Delhi wreck. Speaking at Liverpool, Sir Edward Carson, St. P., declarod that tho Gov ernment insults had culminated in a , deliberate attempt to provoke dis order and to cover Ulster with con tempt. 'Tho cost,' ho added, 'may bo great and tho suffering terrible, but wo aro determined to see the matter through. It is reported that the Dowager Empress of China has decided war to the death is preferablo and more befitting the dignity of the Dynasty. A terrible railway collision occur red between two trains running upon the Illinois Central line. Several prominent railway officials were killed. A laborer working on a railway in Germany struck with his pick-axe a dynamite cartridge left in a tunnel, *and four people were killed by the explosion which followed. The sugar manufacturers of Hun gary and Bohemia have urged their ; delegates to the Br.ussells Conven tion to resist Russia's demands for an increased export duty on sugar. ? A PariB message reports that tho French Government's refusal to per mit an Italian war loan, to be float ed in Paris is ugainst the laws of neutrality. This action is said to have irritated Italy and thereby led to tho seizures of the French steam ers Carthage and Manouba. The . French Premier, replying to ques tions in tho Chamber of Deputies, declaro that Italy had committed an error to the detriment of French rights. Later. ? It is reported that the Irish Un ionists have engaged tho Ulster Hall at Belfast from February 7 to 9, 'and they will pack it with Orange i stalwarts, who will refuse to leave, with the idea of preventing Mr. Win ston Churchill holding his T-Tnmfi Rule meeting. The Board of Trade will in future allow shipping companies to give Australian immigrants a greater variety of diet. In future French warships will es cort steamers between Algeria and Tunis, and the French Government has requested builders to suspend Italian, orders for sirships and aero planes. Tho Turkish cable between Suakim and Hodeidah is interrupted, it is suspected, by Italians. Tho Bench at Newcastle, England, fined 56 millers £3 each for striking without giving their masters 28 days' notice. LONDON, Wednesday. Sir Edward Carson, speaking at Manchester, said ho believed tho Government did not know what Home Rule was going to be. The Y.M.C.A. special campaign to raise £100,000 for new headquarters closed with a total of £66,877. The North Coast Steam Company's new steamer Pulgenbar has been launched at Grangemouth. The onginemen and stokers in the South Wales collieries balloted in favor of a strike for increased wages and threaten a stoppage on 1st March. A Bill is to bo introduced into the Imperial Parliament dealing with demoralising literature. Tho 'position of parties as a result of the German general elections show that the Centre and Conservatives command 188 seats, and the Social ists, Radicals, and Liberals 176. A sensation has been caused by Spanish troops seizing a tract of land which the Sultan of Morocco leased to a French firm. Spain, it is said, contests tho legality of the lease, alleging that the land is with in the Spanish zone. Major Sinister, late financial ad viser to the Persian Government, considors Persia's salvation rests with England, who alone can check Russian encroachments. The Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs has deferred his reply to France's demand for the release of the Manouba's Turkish passengers until ho confers with tho Premier. Later. The correspondent of tho London ' Times ' at.. Pekin declares that the two thousand foreign troops in that city aro quite insuilicient to afford adequate protection to Euro peans. The Chinese Republican Minister for War. has demanded about £1, 400,000 from the China Merchants' ; Steam Navigation Company for funds, otherwise the Company's ves sels will be commandeered and sold. : SYDNEY, Wednesday. The Hon. George Lee, M.L.C., died at-Bathurst yesterday. At a conference of delegates from /Liberal branches at Goulburn, Queanbeyan, Yass, and Monaro, held yesterday at Goulburn, Mr. Wade said the Liberals had no fear of a general election. Their prospects were brighter to-day than they were twelve months 'ago. At a public meeting at Goulburn at night tho Opposition leader, who was very coi«dially received, condemned tho Government's taxation proposals. He -said, 'We havo embarked upon an era of unprecedented extrava gance. So long as the Government remains in power there is a danger and menace to the prosperity of tho State.' \- Tho Promiors' Conference at Mel bourne concluded yesterday. The conference accepted Mr. Fisher's Sav ings Bank scheme, subject to an equitable arrangement giving the States a reasonable share in the management. Tho divisions at tho conference were almost unvaryingly New South Wales and West Aus . traliii, representing Labor, against Queensland, Tasmania and Victoria, representing the Liberals. The con ference decided that the States shall charge £6 and £3 respectively for male and female assisted or nomin ated immigrants. Tho Minister for Agriculture in Queensland proposes to set up a standard for dairy cows. Very little work was dono on the wharves yesterday, only a few lab \orers responding to the call of tho srteamship companies. ? The present -?stiito of affairs is by no means a happy one, and a groat deul of un certainty exists as to what will hap pen. There is a possibility that the com bined influence of tho Trade Unions will be brought to bear against somo Sydnoy theatres. Tho Actors' Union declares that some of its mombers aro being victimised. Serious .bush fires are raging in various parts of the State. Mount Wilson, one of tho beauty spots on tho Blue Mountains, has been great ly devastated. Tho -Victorian branch of the Aus tralian Tramway Employees' Union has resolved to forward £500 to tho moil on strike in Brisbane. Later. An attempted demonstration at tho Brisbano Tramway Offico yesterday fizzled out, but preparations aro bo ing made for a general strike. Samuel Morphy, night officer an Bomon' station, near Wagga, was killed last night. While crossing tno lino ho was overtaken by a break down ongino. The steamer Eleclra, whicli arriv ed from tho Richmond last Friday, and was hung up bucauso tho wharf laborers would not work tho cargo, completed discharging this morning, tho crow having performed tho work, the wharf laborers granting permis sion on tho understanding that no outsido labor assistod tho sailors. This afternoon tho Electra was dis patched to the Maiming River on a special trip, being practically a one class ship. She had on board 180 navvies and workmon who have ob tained jobs on sections of tho North Coast railway. SYDNEY, Thursday. Mr. Wade, during his visit to Goulburn, contracted an internal chill, which will confine him to his room for a few days. Tho Cabinet has decided to super sede tho nomination system of immi gration. A Echeme will bo substi tuted under which immigrants may bo selected in England in accordance with the needs of the State. In reference to the Defenco Depart ment accepting an invitation to send over a team of cadets to Canada to competo in the cadet competitions tnis year, senator Pearce says this will ultimately lead to a series of inter- Dominion visits. A more hopeful feeling prevailed in Sussex-street yesterday in connection with the wharf trouble. Tho Cabinet has decided to seek leave when Parliament meets for tho carrying out of tho erection of i Stato cottage homes at Kensington. A mooting is to be held to form a national council, upon which it is hoped the various bodies represent ing the employers will be -rep re-/ sented. ' During the fortnight ended 21st January thirty-two cases of infec tious diseaso were notified in tho city. The railway workers on tho Taree Wauchope section of the North Coast railway threaten to strike because they were not paid for Christmas lolidavs. Tho front portion of the top floor of Mr. It. Hughes' ? canister factory in Sussex-street collapsed early yos terday morning. A fire occurred on tho premises four years ago, and ap parently the patchwork repairs ef fected wore not enough to, stand the strain that was placed on tho floor. The results of the regrading of the officers of the Public Service has been issued. The total increase in salaries amounts to £150,000. The increases given to teachers amount to slightly over £100,000 and those to other branches of tho service to slightly undeij £50,000. The figur.es might bo thought disproportionate and very much in favor of the teach ers, who number 6000 out of a ser vice of 13,000. It is admitted, how ever, that the State .teachers have not until quite recent times received the consideration due to them. In regard to the rest of the service, an analysis of the results shows that of tho total amount of the increase 52 per cent, goes to officers on £200 a year and under, 26 per cent, to those receiving between £201 and £300, 14 per cent, to those between £301 and £400, and 8 per cent, to those above £401. Later. Mr. J. S. Abrahams, one of the oldest Sydney chemists, who carried on business in George-street, died uus muniing. The counting of the ballot to se lect three candidates to contest in the Labor interests the next Senate election has concluded, the following being selected :— Mr. Grant, General Secretary of the Labor League ; Mr. Smith, Secretary of the Central Branch of the Australian 'Workers' Union; and Mr. David 'Watson, ' Pre sident of the Western Colliery Em ployees' Federation, Newcastle. An accident occurred in the tunnel of the Xiong Bay outfall sewer this morning, a man named B. Jones, residing at Glebe, being electrocuted through a short circuit occurring in connection with a rock-'drilling ma chine., His mate, John Davis, also received a severe shock. Another 8ly-grog sollor was fined £100 -in Sydnoy on Wednesday'. Tho offence, it ia aiid, is becoming altogether too common in tho city. Messrs. Hazelton and W. Redmond, Irish envoys, have collected six thousand pounds in Victoria, while tho tntal collec tions in Auitralasia.todatp are £22,000. Mr. Trofle, Minister for Agriculture, is arranging for tho importation of three high class Clydesdale stallions for stud purposes on tho various Stato farms. Two thousand pounds has heeD sot aside for this purpose. Warren, away out back on tho fringe of the Never Never laud, puys dearly for its corporate privileges — the municipal rales totalling I2Jd in tho £.. Dubbo makes a good showing with a G.Jd rate. A number of Kensitites entered St. Matthew's Church, Sheffield, England, and carriod off a life-si/.o statuo of tho Virgin Mary, and entrained it to York, delivering it .to tho Archbishop's palace and demand ing that he should stop ritualism. The Minister for Lands stated a day or so ago that ho hopes at a very early, dnto to be able to make a denude announcement re garding land available for settlement along the Murray nnd in other purls of the State Lnrgo areas had been surveyed nnd repoi tod upon, and details would probably be ready for publication before the end of this month. The combined unions' defence committee atLilhgnw has forwarded circulira to all other unions, Labor Leagues, and Labor organisations throughout the Common wealth, asking for cooperation in un eflort to prevail on the .Federal Government to stop in and suspend tho bonus fpaid on pig iron until such time as the iron is produced by recognised union labor. An ofncer'from the Harbors and Rivers Department has made an inspection and a brief survey of the foroshores of Byron Bay, with n view to recommending what amount nnd what class (if work is required to defend tho terrace from erosions by the building of a retainlng-wall. The recent northeast winds have caused a lot of sand to encroach on the town lands. Mrs. Kernahau, the postmistress at Kiwitea, Now Zealand, has been brutally assaulted. A burglar entered her liodroom and demanded tho keys of the post office safe, but these she refused to surrender, and fought valiantly to retain them. The burglar bpat her into insensibility with an iron bar, and then threw her out of the window. He then escaped. In view of the difference of opinion which exists in Australia with regard to tho com pulsory grading of butter, somo interest attaches to the recent action of tho Danish Government in this respect. Under a new bill, which came into force on the 10th iust., the State takes over the 'Lur' brand as its own property. A dairy can only obtain tho right to use this brand by applying to tho police, and is obliged to exhibit its butter at tho tests of the State Experimental Laboratory, as well as at the weekly judging. Tho president of tho Manning River District Hospital (Mr. M. Ahron^on), during the course of an address at the animal, meet ing, said there had been a proposal made by a certain political party to nationaliso hos pitals. Without wishing to discuss that phaso of tho quostion, he wouldsay that a uotter system of managing their hospital could not bo found than thu ono now in operation. Municipal and Shiro taxation hud been suggested as tho best way of socur nupport lor hospitals.. Ho felt that it would no doubt bo the fairest way of compelling all people to recognise their responsibilities in tho direction indicated. An inquest was hold in Sydney ou Tues day concerning tho death of a baby, Bray, who died in the hospital on December 22, from lysol poisoning. Mrs. Bruy was in Court. Her hupband, Henry Arthur. Brny, gavo evidence that on Dereinbor 19 his wife tired four phots and then went outside. Detective Sonter gavo ovidcuco to seeing tho baby Bray and gave it mustard, and went lator to the hospital with it. The Coroner found that thn child died from lysol poisoning, and committed for trinl Mrs jray. Hail was refused. Liter, at the l'olico Court, Mrs. Bray was charged with causing the - death of tho child. She wah also charged with shooting at and wounding her husband with intent to commit murder. She was remanded till tho 29lh instant.' It is estimated that 527,577 crates (6,670,928 pairs) of rabbits, of an approximate value of £330,754, were exported from New South Wales last year, as compared with 632,412 crates (7,851,724 pairs), valuo £406,762, in 1910, and 577,863 crates (6,778,847 pairs), value £329,020, in 1909. While tho value of this trade last year was equal to that of 1909, it showed a falling off of £76,000 as compared with tho irovious year. 