THE SPBING SHOW. A .GREAT GATHEPDsG. PEPiFECT ÏVEATITET?. MAGOTICEXT DISPLAYS .-'Among the hnpoitant iivtuio* arrang by the different-institutions of Suntu -\i "tralia. the«" S;jri:i¿ ^'w.v o'. t' Royal Ajiricnhur.il and llouieultu* Society hold-1 * 7t13.it> of place. Iw lor, the representative na tun* of it-1 ,' scmblage and it« educational influence < those engaged,in the primary indu- trics *Vs this State.\ No other gathering" appeals strongly to all sections -J: the comaninii .- V ior the variety of its inteiv- ts. Apa from the- fact that the .Tubilee Exhibits grounds are the rendezvous for thuu-.uu of country folk from every quartet of ti State for the major portion of Sho.v Wei there is so nuiüi to see and >o lunch learn with respect, not only to tho pt; ducing interest» but al-o the -ecoudftiy i dustries of the country, tina the Sprii Show po-se-ws an umwual attrattion foi ii r.-ho have the welfare or South Au-tral. '*t heai*. In many -,ui>s it may I regarded as the tcominvru&l; barometer 1 the Community. Let Nature withho. from he» bounteous store a substantial me »ure of those bles-'ings which in reeent yea] the has showered on the producers, c South Australia, 'and the lalling o: will be reflected in the general «tanda 1 .af the Royal Spring ¡Show, in th eharaetcr of the- exhibits and in, the gat Teceipts, not to mention the gene-ral d' Eleanor of producers in the bulk. Fe many years the uniformly hi*h aveTage c production-checked but "briefly la«t year afts made the month of September one e the. brightest of the year. Ever since ¡¿put Australia turned, her back on the- ¿rea drought that hud gripped the lund-an th.it' is many years ago now-the farmin community, taking, "it is believed, ;ho le- tón to heart, have been favored with bom tiful -barve-ts, and it m.i.v reasonably b hoped that there will rie-ver be occasion t chronicle the tales of distress which thus . ¿ong-to-be-remembered lean years brough *v lipop the central ' State, in common wit ctner portions"of the Commonwealths Sont Australia's prosperity has been abundantl, evidenced of late yeais, and it is neve more strikingly illustrated than at th Spring Sho if.' This year's exhibition, which was succc-s fully inaugurated on Wednesday, wink high in comparison with previous Show in regard to th* number o?> entries, made , the attendance of the public, and thi standard of the exhibit« in all -cotions . The conditions were all that could be th sired. , After the unsettled weather of th previous few day-, YVedne-day was ju« about perfect, and the compact.» ground with ita'fine sward, never looked *better. \- 'More than ordinary interest attached ti this year's exhibition from the fact tlia , it maybe the last Spring Show he-Id bi the society on the Jubilee Exhibitioi ¡ Grounds. It 13 now abouf.' Divo yean-. , since the Verran Government, who wen then in power, took up the'sitggestion tha V the time had come for the society to tint another home, and though the present grounds were hold on long lease, sieps wen ,tftken by the Government to induce tin -council to give, up pos-ession. All win take an. interest in the aMTahs of the so Vcietv are well acquainted with all the de tails of the îiegotiatîonssàand it is likelv that next September will see the venue oi ' the Spring Show changed from the .Tul ii lee Exhibition grounds to Wayville West where the society avili líave its future homi on a fine mea "of tmmnd. convenient te the railway Hue, and but a short distance from the city. Naturally enough, iuanv expressions of. regí et were .heard* from country' patrons t|jat in future they v> ouhj fee expected to travel a little iantaor than at present, but "the" advantage« of a widei area, rendering po-sible an extension oi the society's activities, are obvious, auei with ample tramway and triin facilities ti] .Wayville West there avili be no eau«.: for complaint. Each year's exhibition bees the present giounds more conge-ted than before with »"from "lO.OOO to 30,00'J people in attendance, and an ever-increasing demand for space on the part of business people for trade exhibits-which, by tha way, are not the least attractive ieature of the Show-the area of the Jubilee Exhibi- tion Grounds' is just about taxed up to its «¿jnit. .' a The gates, on Wednesday were opened at 10 p'elocK, "but of course the big stteaiu df visitors did not start to flow into the grounds ~ until about 1 o'clock, and from that hour onwards till about 3 o'clock the crowd increased in volume. His .Excel- lency. Tvho takes a. lively interest in the welfare ' of the society, arrivée! shortly before 1 o clock, and was met by the presi- dent (Mr. R. H. Crawford), the secretary (Mr. J. A Riley), and members of the council. The Governor was one of the principal speakers at the luncheon, and ., afterwards «as a spectator of the nume- rous rim; events, which were watched .losely by a big ciowd-in the reserves and round the arena. \- Every section of the Show bad its full miuta of patrons. The -inaehinerv hall, »as usual, was a veritable hive of industiv, and the whole of the outside ground space on towardä the sheep and cattle pens waa occupied with muchine-ry in motion. The 1 line animals in the different sec- tions . set upare for »heap, cattle, horses, and pig3 all had their admirers, and one could well understand -_ ____ BEEF AND DAIRY CATTLE, Great interest was taken in the Parade of Show Cattle. DELIBERATE REPEAT ¡HW the -h*ep or «..ittit in^n find» the time all too short so make the full round in .1 d.iv ard vor. get a glímp-c of the holmes in notion. .The poullrv i-oetioui» were iii well ritirvSi-ntJil. and ur> in the K\hibiiiv>n Building thei'j w.\> a good di I'hi.v of tliivy ;noduee. as wi.-ll a= a large ri.iiuboi* of line tr.-nie exhibits.. To-day. in the 'Exhibition Building, the exiiii.it-. of fviilt, íli'weiN., arid .>getaKie will be in view, ,.iul the decorated dinni r M.ik-c- \\\ill I«- -et out in the hoocincnt. THC-S^ v ill bo judged bv Mesdames R. H. 1'r.uvtoi.i. A.M. .Vtn.-.;v, .md W. 31. W.l.K-v. THE LUNCHEON. Thcie «as u huge muster at the official Umoln-on. which was -held in the long roum below the members' pavilion. The pre- sidí nt u£ the society (Mr. IL H. Craw- ford I waa in the eluiir, and was sup- ported by his Excellency the Governor. Ariion^ the other guests pre-ent .vere the Piemier tll-jii. A. ii. IVake), the Commis- sioner of PubJ-L- Works lllou. II. Butler), the Chief Sei- rcta^y (Hon. J. G. Bice!, the Coinim-cioiK-i of Crown Land« (lion. F. W. Young), the Attorney-General (lion. H. IloinVurj:;. tl-e Minister of Agticulture (HUH. T. Pascoe), tau President oí the Lvgisl itive t.ViuiK-ä (."sir l/ineelot .Stirling), the ¿--peaker of the House o! Assembly (lion. !.. O'Loughlin), the L?ader of-the 'Opposition in tlie Aj«emblv (Hon. .1. Ver- ran?, the Major of Adelaide (Mr. Laving- ton' Bonython), thf Vi^'-l'ii-siJint o: the Federal Evveut'v»- Council' (Sen-toi- Me Gr.gorj. t:-..> .Minister >>f pifen«T ^S'-nator Pearc.1). í-n.itor 'S::- .losiah 'S.! toon," -Sir Langdon Bimi thon. Si:- Charles Goode, Senator Vm-ior, ."et..!tor Simon Frazer, -Mr. \V. Stor.v. M.H.H., and Mr. AY. J. Sowden. "The Kirifi" .vas honored a.t the instance* of t!iv Piesuhni. *'. . .The-. Gc\\.'-:r.ar. ¡ The ? Pie.sideni then prop-v-d the Oiulth of iii« Execllr-Dfj t.-»^ Go- vernor. N Ile -said -lie of the pri- vileges t,.wt .Uticinvl to the 'Posi- tion ii; ivhich the ni. mbers of the souictv had done linn the honor of pla cine him was to Mibmit the health of hi.» Excellenev. Apart from flie tact that h:= Excellenc;,* waa the ropic-i'iitative in South Australia oí his Mo«t Gi-aeiou.s Maieítv. and ,in"-n freu his' own nomr-naiity. Sir Day Bosanquet w.i' patron -o: the so- ciety. (Cheer».) Word* from him wai- unnecessary tn recommend the toasC, «ut he di sired to give credit whc-rc¿ credit was due. and he welcomed tliat opnortunitv «f liciuidatins a debt. (Cheers.) In dealing with the toast, he found how arllv most phrases of euîoàv* seemed to annlv to his Excellency, so much so, jndeer-., that he- v felt compelled to jettii-on them, lc-st "ibe satire of the country yokel. who re- marked of Hamlet-'"ID'& all righi, oniy too full of fjiiobitions-"-micht be thrown at linn. His Excellency v.-ns a nidn oi mam* parts, and they SJW him in ons of his favorite role« as an interested admin r of thin;*-*! agricultural and horticultural. Jf more proof was necessary he had only to mention th.it Sir Day's interest had taken tanqible form in the ¡ire'-entation of an exceedingly handsome trophy for the milch cow competition. (Cheers.) Th-U humble, though utilitnriiiii animal lind non*, -been given a worthy place arnon-; the denizens of the ShowJ Jt was rivi wnahle to expect that, v,üh such encr.n ragrnient, thev might see a greater inte- rés*, taken in the milking hero. The milk- ing industty now bad a Wimulu«- which luthe.to it ' h ici not possessed (Cheer* ) He lins remiuûed oi a little story told of a newly-arrived immigrant "»bo was ap- pointed to a position on ' a foi ni. One oí -the first experiences of that lad was d lesson in the art oí -milking with the modern machine. - "Y\\.s, that Is all right Very interesting; I tee how you start it, but how in the world do you stop it''"' (Laught'-r.) To the facility with which he identified himself with the varied interests of -th.» Stue Sir Hay Bosanquet' owed ni nell of the popularity and esteem .vhieh he enjoyed among all sections of the c'-n-inuTiiti. '.«-leer«.) One* hid only to lead o¡ the spontaneous ?» «Iconics aceordod the . Governor in outback places to i eci'srii'si; how his EyceBency's good fcllowÄiiip '.Mia pel nie.ttod South Aus- tralia. (Cheeis.) Ile confessed to n fceiLse of gratitude ti»"Aards men like Sir Day, who had left tlie_!ionieland an.J its in my t:<-s to t-ike up «Tniperi.il duties in the mere relióte j.-art-s of the Empire. (Chêeis). Apart from th¿ functroc« o: govern ment, men or the stamp of Sir Day were oí gri-r,; value nom a. -social point of vietv in a neiv country. Ile spoke a? one An-=tialiin-bo¡n. Ile re in Australia they lacked the tine traditions and stimu- lating influences of time -.vliish pertained to the old eountrj. In ibie time a type would be evolve.J which 'Aoiiid be recogniaed as Austmlian, and their duty -wa*-to see that that type iv:»^ »uch that they would all be proud ni it. (Cheers.) In that ri-spect he waa Conservative. He hoped that standard might be nothing short of what was universally known as "a fine old English gentleman." (Cheer-.) Thev looked for, -and expected to find, in viceregal renup-entitivo« ¿ho«.- who fvpifif-d tin- 'd-nl. -(¡'lOi-.l lb- ,-rntuied *' -av that in Cn it le-i ...-?.' South Au-tialu vas. ind"od. fortunate. i'ChoeiO Tn lu Excellenev thev lind a- tlu-it lira«! and .'?> ample "n<\- fu'lv imbued with the V-t ti.idi tjon« «i the street 1'ritL-h mee. from which most' ol. them had sprang, one ?»'-'u-e/ii'/.i sense of dutv demanded from liim*eli th.« b(,-t he muid | e>->ilily give, and one whom they could all admire in hi- d-'iilv round-, and '|f whom they could truly sa v. "And thus he boro without mnoa.-ii. the g-iiul old name or" gentleman." CiverO The Fame of the- Pridueoi«. His Excellency .-aid he wa= ghd once more to meet the. member.- and officers of the Royal Agricultural Society, and ho thanked them for their coi dial reception of the roast. They heartily s.vmpathi-od with the late president (Hon. W. li. Rounsevell) in his domestic bereavement. Mr. Rounsevell had- filled the office for the la*t two years with markeel' ability the Mieces«. " and lie wa.- glael , that t'icy wtiu to retain his ser '. vices on the executive committee. They mu-t all desire to give public oxpi0s.-ion lo their grief at. the death of the late vice-president (Mr. J. W. Sandford!, whieh had been a great los- to the so- ciety. He heartily congratulated -Mr. Crawford on Iii- acceptance of the office ot president, and wa.- sure that no bet- tor man could be found for the position. . He offered af heal ty welcome to this*» | acric-ulturists who had come a long dis I lance to attend the shew. The small ¡armer wai the ela-« of producer who ¡ should be -'peciallv made welcome, and I he honed 'to speak with manv ot them, j (Cheer.».) They -aere all proud of their I peelign-e stock'. The fame of the breeders j of South Australia was known throughout the Commonwealth, and their snecc-s at the shoivs was -the best po*«-ible adveiti-eiwnt o: the- State. (C.ieers.) The pustetr«ili«t<\- were the jyilhrs : of the r-ocicty. The valus o: tho I farming implements in the ^ hands : o: the* fanners was steadily in I creasing. In 1011 it was as i-o«=ed at .t"2.3til.S19, an increase I of £300.000 on the previous year, [and tile manufacture oi agricultural niachi ; nery was well in advance of actual re- quirements in the main lines-all classes ot ploughs, stripper.-, and harvesters and the machines, notably the stump jumping and di-e implements, we're con HtcP-ilv being improved." (Cheers.1 It was tin ir duty at that sc^.-on of the year to «vigh the production of wheat and wool and of high-class stock and compare it *tith former yean,. The year 1811 was an exceptionally drv one; the total rainfall fiom Ann! io September was only 12.55 in.-fiom 2 to 3 in. below the average for '-'1 ye.<r«. Notwithstanding that disaelvan tage the actual vield of wheat lo the acre was ' S> 3 bushok, a . total of 20Jîô0.00'j bushell In the value of '-at-toral' exports, -vVhuh tmountod te £2.571,600, theie .va* a deerease of £l4fl.W0 on »-.he previous y«-i,-. .attributable to the lower pnce of wool. In £¡.¡te of the drvnes- of the year the Jr. trying-¡r.du<»u v m butt«T. and cheese wa* fa:rlv weil maintained, although there ft.i' a i'ecréa.«c upon the previous year, which happened to be an exceptionally favoraole one. The comparison between single- years TIMS sometime« misleading, and it . wa.* -.veil to consider longer intervals, naring the last 10 years the following increasÍS liad taken .place, in srite of last jeai's dry acason:-Cattle, 167.5TO, of whi'.-h -15.SC0 were milch cowa: horses, 94.400: -sheep. 1.159.G0O: pigs, 4,244; goats, 4,*:^*. On the whole those figures denoted in It'll another, prosperous, year for the farmer and the' pastoralists upon whose exertions, under Dunno providence, the comfort^ and wellbeing of the population .of. the State mainly depended. They bad therefore every reason to rejoice and con grr.tuhte the ,society upon such a happy ard fortunato condition-of agriculture and stockbreeding.' (Choens.'i .' He eongratu laled the oflicets upon the excellent ar- rangements thar bad hpen ? made for the Show, and trusted that the new grounds would be found advantageous to the so cietv socially and financially. (Cheers.) The Ministry. Mr. A. J. Murray proposed "The Minis tr>\ " coupled with the'name of {he pre sident." He had much pleasure in sub milting the toast and offering his con annulations on their" accession to the highest ofliees the people, through Parlia- ment, could rftice them in. (Cheers.-) The Royal Agricultural Society wa.-» founded ¡n 1S41 on a met liberal non-political basis, and they h.id on no single occasion dis- cuten politic?. (Cheers.) That, he ven- tured to think, was where their strength las--that whilst they embraced members of every political creed they steered clear of politics, i.nd encouraged the production of all that was best in agriculture and manufactures. (Cheers.) They were, first .of all. an educational institution, and as such merited the be«t consideration of any Ministry that might bo in power at I the moment. (Cheers, i They had received I the best-consideration-from a long sue-1 cos-ion of Ministries from the time ot | the late-Hon. C. C. Kingston' onwards. ] In the years of financial stress, too, they were much indebted to some of their mern bert-Messrs. Hackett, Campbell, and Simpson-who came forwardanel guaranteed the overdraft and- pri?e list. (Cheers.) During the time when the Suite was not prosperous, the society voluntarily suncn deied ?7H) a year from the Government of the d-iv. The late Hon. T. Price had a keen appreciation of the value of the society's work, and as an earnest of his good 'wishes gave them a 50 years' leas» of the present grounds. (Cheers.) He had, alio had an exceptional opportunity of knowing that the lion. J. Verran had the fnlle'st sympathy witïl the w;ork of th& «tv'iety. ' (Cheers.) - Whatever agricultura» -e-ienee might elo for the producer it wau the aim of the Royal Agricultural and Hor tieiiltural Society to bring before the people the practical results of the pri- mary industries. (Cheers.) . Not a Monopolist. Tiie Premier, who was received with cheers, remarkeel that on the last occasion of the Roval A. & H. Soeietv's Show, he attended in his canacitv as leader* of the Opposition, and his friend, the Hon. J. i atoen«* run* - THE FARMER'S FAVORITE. The Champion Draught Stallion, Young Agitator, owned by Messrs. Fitzgerald, of Auburn. Vet ran. hud-then the honor of respoudin. to ithe toast which it was his duty tnit da*, to teplv to. But,' of course. Mr. Verran with his v, ell-known antinathv for even* thinz in the shape of a monopoly, would no doust. ~be in j*erfect agreement, that-fc.u change wes 'beneficial, and he. for hii pai t, was pleased, to- see Mr. Verran in e position different from that in which he found'himself iast year. (Laughter.) He reallv admired the skill with \<Jich Air. Murrav- had handled the toast, and ex- plained how ihe society, K^ing non-politieal had received the best of treatment from oven* Miftistrv that had been in cow:.-. I Laughter.) He could not help .th.'nkrag what..i splendid cross-bench nolitici.m Mi, Murray .vould have maue. (Laughter.) It was. however, ahvaya a plea-sure to meei memberb 'of the «=ocie.tv at t.iait hosyitibl'. board. (Cheers.) -They were nil pleased to know "that the prospects for a -good show weie so hopeful, for with excellent weather and a favorable outlook for th" season the suc'ess of the Show seemed assured. At the beginning of the t-ea-'.n there were strong foiebod-ngs that South -coincident, it «as si-g,e ted. with the re- turn ot the Liberal« to po»ver-had turned I the corner so far as the cou-iinuanee -if [ prosperity was concerned, but a kindly i Piovidence had averted the former m.s ! fortune, and the people of this State were now in the enjoyment ot the larger bene- fits that followed the administration of the Government. (Laughter, and chet.ro.) They claimed to be t-scntiallv a producer*' Government, and while thay liid the keenest interest in the welfare of all sections of the eoinmunity, they could not .shut .their eyes to the fact that ti"? prosperity of the State depended on the success of the agrieuka al and pastoral in- dustries. (Hoar, hear.- With the good- will of Parliament they -weie determined ,to push on with big public works', on Eyre Peninsula, and east of the Marmy River for the development of the country. When these lands were opened up and al- lotted they could look for even a lanror roeasme of prosperity than they were en- joying at present. (Cliei-r.-.,i The Royal A. and H. Society. The Commissioner of Public Work submitted the toast of "The Roy i Agricultural and Horticultural 5" ciety," which " he confidently b. lioved would commend itself to every mau in -that hall. If he had propo>ed the toas; of South Australia it could not have had , a wider significance than that which he j now asked them to honor. He saw around him men who - had devoted the best years of their live« to the development of the great natural' production, who had bepn great in commercial and manufacturing in terestc, and who hud,, in addition, given a great deni of tbcir-time to that grc*i: Agricultural and Horticultural Society. (Cheers.) He hoped that the younger men in the community would follow the ex- ample of those who had preceded them by taking the sam« keen interest in a work that would redound to .their own credit. (Cheers.) The ' Governotenlt ' were quits anxious to work with .the president, sec- retary ftnd comraittoe pi that society m do'eg all that was pps'-ible to assist in the development lot t'**ùr natural product.on, and also in assisting the manufacturing in- terests of the Stale. As his Excellency had remarked, the fanners in South Australia had spent nearly two and a half millions in .agricultural machinen*. That only showed how valuable wat- the assistance to the producers of those engag?d in the great work of supplying machinery as up io date as any built in any part -of the world. (Cheers.) An Historical Keview. The President, in rcspondir-r to . the toast, said that althoush Mr. Butler had boen described as being rather pessimistic at times, his recent references to the societv had been tiuged with nothing but .jptimisni. (Cheers.* The focictv aftorded a practical illustration of the instinct of rivalry'inherent in humanity. Before the State was tv.o .».earn old a band of ener- getic f-pirits had formulated a. scheme for holding a show of agricultural produce. In 1844 those enthusiast'' joined forces with their horticultural brethren, and -the j nucleus of the present society was formed. j The vounsrer generations were apt to for | ¡x1 the deed.* of the older, and it was l well to recollect the splendid services ot 1 th.e. old members who, led by Me«.-rs. \Y. Hackett, . Frank Rymill, «nid A. M. Simp- son, had in times of .st-aS-ä Maved off nn uendins disaster. (Cheers.) The society 't nrcccnt had an enthusiastic, council and .n 'efficient seereta'-y and stall, and it '..robbed with health and vitality. There .*ould shortly be n good outlet for its iti'litv when thev took up their nevi- ll.irters at Wayville AVe-st. (Ch<-eis.) , * The Secretary. j As has been the custom for many years j past the tcist of "The secretary" wa., cn- ! trusted to Mr. W. Gilbert, who made eulogistic reference to the excellent work ! accomplished by that official. Mr.xJ. A. [ Kiley, in acknowledging the toast, said I the good work don6 by the society was chiefly due to the members of the coun- cil, the judges, <wd the other officials. I As showing the great interest manifested in the, show he mentioned that in one I new class no fewer (than 29 entries had been received. (Cheers.) DRAUGHT STOCK. Mun? breeders of horses in ¿Sonàb Aus- tralia have set the foundations of . fini I families, and year after year t-aey go on I raising good stock ire in these toases. Some I'havc only one source of supply;- others I moreibrtunats have two or three, and from these grand old dames, as they might be called, a splendid race of draught stock has come. One breeder s.tid at the .Show ground on Wednesday tuafc "breeding is a lottery till you find a good mare, and then you can go on producing the best clai-ses." He had been muley enough to hit on .. really gonn matron, and he had bred prize winners yeir utter yeir ever ¿ince. Thrae mares that earned blue riiiands for bim ou Wednesday were her destendants. "You bied teeni you riel f, ' said the writer, and he answered. "Yes. and their mothers, their grand dams, and great grand dams before them." And so oy the efforts of the«; pioneer breeder«! tli . draught stock raised in couth Australia ha« "reached a standard of perfection- in qu.-tlitv that compares .favorably -with the records of States like New South Wale/-, an J Vittoria, where the proportion ol' stock bred i.s infinitely greater. J*inuv! Au-*trali.i may not heve the numbers, bul j as long as the quality of the .present day L miintaincd the State will, always hold it own. After judging the .-to;-!-: ¡it the cV.iow ground on Wcdiu'sd vy, Mr.John Jame-. who comes from Colic, in Victoria, gpok in high p-.-.iis<¿ of the local stand nd, and >*.iid the inaifj- wen- 'better than thost seer, at the Mclbouiii;- Royal Slioi». hut the en tries vvele not as numerous ^^ he woul. have liked te see. He- added that the cham- pion mare iras a beautiful animal, «ind th «stallion, too. w-ts a splendid type. IT. thought there was room for improvemen in the quality of the stallions. Tiley wer big enough, and carried plenty o; corni: tion. but they lacked-just that little extr.i ¡quality which would have put them in a. really good elass. lae young &feock;, in his opinion, was first rate. I The Murray Challenge Cup attracted a field of »ix. which, iucluded last year's win- ner, Lun-esdale Burton, and .two other win- ners at past Adelaide Shows. The judge, awarded the blue riband to Young Agita- tor, who is owned by Messrs. Fitzgerald Bros., of Auburn. A rising- seven-year old, Young Agitator, was bred in New Zealand, and is by Agitator, who, besides being a prise-winner himself, traces back through'a long list of successful show-ring horses, and ¡s out of Sophia TV*.,.by Crown Prince, whose dam was champion mare o; 'Scotland. Young Agilitor- captured th.» four-year- old entire' prize last year, and even then be gave promise of developing into the fiue horse he now is. The reserve champion wis Boro Primate, and he car- ried off the honors.in-the class for four year-oid- entires and over, from Lunerdals Burton, who cost 850 guineas. Boro Pri- mate, a solid and well-made horse for a four-year-old, looks like developing Into a stallion oi good class. He- is the property of Mr. William J. Wakeley, of ^traelbrook Park. Magill. The three-year old entire Drize fell to a well-grown young- ster named Kelin Scott, of Mr. G. Wea therall's breeding, and Messrs. A. and H. Scliroetcr, of Bute, were successful with specialist, who was by far the best grown iinong 'be colts in the two-year-old sec- tion. The runner-up, Mr. J. A. Thiele'.* i'oung Patrician, was a promising sort. Messrs. Hiïî Bros., of Gulnare, near leorgvtown, had won the championship for elravght mars in the last two years vith Royal Ruby. but. although that mare ?gain competed on Wednesday, they were .-..pit-sentod by an even better candidate 'n Mites Kelvin, who captured the prize. rier stable companion. Royal Ru-bv, toeik '.he Barker Bros . Challenge* Cup, thus giv 'ng the Hill Bros. the right to retain the : ephy. which they have now won for lire* years in suece«sie>n. Royal Ruby is ? i New Zealand bred mure, by General White, from Lil Cimeron, and'Mi-s Kel vin it by Young Kelvin. The Hill Bros., vho raise some of the tine-st mares shown :i the State, hare now won the; e-ham .¡onship four year- in succession, ard last .ear retained tilt- cup which was attached *n the Imnor. but this spring there tv.ii io challenge trophy. Another good win 1er on Wednesday was Mr. A. W. David on, who raises his stock at Wandearah, i little way out from Port Pirie, Last enr hi» captured the one. two, and three '.-ear-old fiasses with tillie« by Pride oi Glencoe, out c4 Damsel, 'and this year he \a,3 almost as successful with members oí "ne paine family. Ho took the t'.'ree-year ild with Glenless Queen, a beautiful 'bay. ind the tr.vo-yo.-r-old with Glengowan! I rho, although «he was giving age to al' I -er rivals. 51-oorl out in point of develop I nent. The yearling lilly'he had . eiilf-rcei j iet wit'i an accident, anel Damsel, win 'brew the two winners mentioned above -a? to hive .onvpewd in fbo section foi ?inre with foal at foot, but. the youngstei .nly appeared a few days ago. and ivas tor oung to travel*. Mr. Davidson's yearlin; ntire. Glencoe-'s Pride by Pride of Crien oe, from Lady Muir, was suc:ossrul it 'fe class. Messrs. Fitzgerald Bros'. Ship .erdcs.-, a Xew_ Zealand mare, bv Sheoheri ving. won in ifc'ne dry mare or tilly divisiot tr the second year in succession. Miirîii 'Iii., who got- the ribbon in toe two-yeaT Id *-*iass for f.h<= same, owners la«t year ' -as only runner-nn to M'\ Davidson' *!-îenle=.« Qiiç<\--n on Wednesday. Murí:e i v their champ-on sire. Sir H"r*t--.r McDon M. The Hill Brof. ware again to the for: -1 :ite yearling class, in which their ilU'e rere first and second. The winner. Pearl was got by Southern Star, who was cha.m pion four years in succession up to 1910 Mr. W. R. Langs mare. Quepp", who *a ierel the ring -.rich throe of her pi*r>geny was the only contestant in the cl'iss fo mares >vith io.ii- at foot. Titi* Tia- d\ .. priointing, btir. Queen is a fine type -i 'animal, well deserving of the- mize. I Althonjib pr'zyv- were otferce] for cm I petition in Suffolk Puncho-, only one entr was revived, and the: champion erit'r przo .vis presented to the Canowie P.ii 1 toral Co., .».ho -lowed the two-year-ol ' Loyalty, a promising youngster. Ther j were cot Cleveland Bays. i »HIZE-UST. Judge, Mr. John Jarava. Champion entii (Murray Ohalleníre Cup, ana goid ra;ä,il pri I îrf.KJ by S.>ur,h AusrraHan tiorerrmient, and p":i¡ ! bj- Sociïty), Fitzgerald Broa. Entire, I vear« < [ orer. \Y. J. Walkley; J. X. Di):on. Thi^e-yea i old entire {Ansas Cup ann priz* bv sorier.-), ( Wtatherall; 11..1 Bro=. Twn-jear-old, A. and I Schroeder; 3. A. Thiele. One- jvar-oid, A. V ' Davidson; E. G. Daniell. Champion draugl I in-ue or filly o: an- age Cgiild medal bv Soin ¡ Australian Gtoveniraear and prize by iorietv i Hill Uro:. 'Mare, tisibly in foal or w'th i'o, ÏT foot, any aye (Barker Broa." Challenge Ca: [ and prizes by society). Hill Bros.: W. | Daniell. Brj/ mars or ally. Fitzgerald Bros 1 W. S- Darnell. Turee-.'ear-oid fill;.-, \\. y 1 Dsvinsen; Fitzgerald Bro.;, rwo-vear-oiâ. \\. X 1 Di vid»!); 11:11 Bios. One-year-old. Hill Bros. ! and 2). Mare, with :oal at. foo», an-î proccn I V. 1Î. t-anc. ' 1 SitffoKc Pur.elics.-Chantj.irr rnfir«*. .->ny .1. j f(;..Jd nti-'iai presented by smith Au«: rai ..it! (. ! -.??.rnnicnt and ¡uize by suei.-tyi, Cmowte P.-ibior t .'.otnp.ny. .'IV-iye-31-ol.J t-t.ti;-.-. Cjr.««:e I'J t'-r.-i! Cotrmaiit. ! It.u.î-îlir .SfMl.-.- Ei.iir... S-; ...it-uM -.r «-..? , -nit:>i»I» to sire itarn-s-. h</t--, A. M^vcriii.fl ; 1 S-ip!t»it. Tivo-w-tr-old rat':e. IV. (...'.-.¡.iler; . X. Hititid-i.v. <>ti- :...?<\- otd. \\. M.-vrhot't: 1 15 lrfenj. Tr.-fifi; .-: tl'.'utt. .,tii:r 'lian pe' u,v heiishr. in «nIV-, -r btiKv». A- Mo-tli-:!: sti-loi:; li. -I. L>.-.-,:-. U.A.-I -mn-, \t-ii))y îo.Î! or tea! .it í"oí. Mtiublt '-..r :i'tti:ig «y 'oid-^t.-r eniiiu io pr.'.imc- hunte*« lif-sei. .1, ' i [.'...Hand ami li. Si monds. »ro..l te IT. . -ni.ab 'or matins wiih a inoroutrh'ored entire, to pt due-: hunteri ard carriage horse«, A. Meyerho: Thtue-yeiT-oId flily, S. E. former. One yt.>r ol T. G. Kiroaner; A. Bur/ord. Hackney cob, sta lion. Bot escatdiDK 15 hiaeU. A. &. Bieake; V C. Ayling. Pony, «ntire, over 15.8 and noir isceeduifr 14.1 hands, A. E. Bienke; J. J. Fahey. Over 32.2 and not exceeding 1X2 hands, S. J¡ Way; F. Leaney. 12.2 hands and under, J...¿., Fahey; F. Richards. Pony male, visibly jn tom or foal at ioot. not less than 13 or over li.I hands, F. O. Sobéis: A. II. Frisbv*. 12 .ind un- der IS hands. IZ. J. Keele; F. Burgess. Under 12 hands, K. 31. Hawker; F., Burgess. ROADSTERS. Those who have watched the progress made in the breeding of roadsters as re- j fleeted in the show ring must have come a to the. conclusion after seeing Wednesday's -i exhibition that there has been'a. vast im-^ pi o veinent in the-last few. years. Mr. Sctky Ferry, who is recognised as one; qualified . to speak with regard to the lighter/types of horses, is of that'opinion, too,-and lie thinks the foundation has been firmly laid in South Austt alia "for the raising of some vorv good stock in future. The animals . which he iudged on Wednesday, he said, were a splendid lot. He added that* in pa«t vears it was generally the case ''that one horse stood out', among a lot of in- ferior animals in most classes, but all that was changed, and "now competition was even. The .roadster entries were of ex "reedingly high quality, and there were manv good voung ones. aLthough their, quality» was not shown off to the best ad" vantage, because they lacked condition The. mai es were of such a quality that something promising could be expected of ? them, and their appearance augured well j for the future of the roadster breeding in-, dustrv. Mr. Ferry was highly pleased with the ponies, and selected 'King Ko- wald, whose praises have been sung often, as a "little rhanner." Mr. Ferry -de ploi-ed tlie fact, however, that little en- couragement was given breeders of,trotters. In all other countries, he said, races'weie Tirovided for them. and. he thought, some- thing in the nature of a time test should be apnlied in connection with the shows hore.^ All that was necessary at, present was for the horse to show off his paces in -in exhibition lound the ring, but a race would distinguish the best animal and be an interesting sight for spectators. Mr. A. Meverhoff was most successful with his pioductions. and his representa- tive, Br<*co, besides being adjudged the best entire, was also the best trotting stal- lion, a« iudged for conformation. , style, and action. In addition Mr. Meverhoff won the vearlins entire nrize with Trafal- gar, a good sort of colt, and Queen llee. I another of his representatives, cuptured -lie pn/e for brood mare in foal. The hackney cob stallions were.an attractive lot, and the Drize fell to Mr. A. E. Beinke"» Golden Eagle, who comes from Kadina, and is bv Gallant Ct oran ton (the runner ntO. Golden Eagle ol=o took the pony entire prize, the second being Mr. J. J. Fahcj's Koval Warrior, bv; Roman War- rior. In the section for pouv "ntire over 12.2 and under 13.2 Sir Samuel Wav scored with The Warrior, an eight-vear-old ch«s Jiut. bv Roman Warrior. This vvas a pony <-f f.c? c'ass. and attracted a good deal of attention. Of course, lung L'dward won his class-pony entire 12.2 hands and urrfLr, thus gaining his 5!-rh first nrize. One of his sr.ni was runner-np. Mr. T. O. Sobéis produced a nicely moulded mare in the I matron class, under 14.1 bands and not j less than IS, and another nice nrize win- ner wa«- Mr. E. J. Keele'« maro Alpha, be- I tween 12 and 13 hands. _ Probably the sivi'lcst of the hor-e species ever seen in th"*- show rinc entf-rcd with its dam when the ohss fer pony mare under 12 hand« with f«s.-í] was announced. Mr. "R. M. Hawker's Little Dot. a chesnut, about ¡10 h:>*idc high, was one of the' competitors, and bv her side was a foal not ni:ch big<*Cr tKnn an ordinary sized fox-terrier dog. and although its dam wa« a chesnut, th» ?.miva-ter ani>ear<*d to be dev-io-iing a grey ?.oit. It attracted the attention -*f the sr TÍ,-.tors p.ll round the ling, and wa- at or.i-o Mic cynosure of all e.vc. HORSE5- INT .ACTION-. After the parade of horses and cnt'lc. the nidge of the horses in action. Mr. II. G. Gidnev, of '''Lima," 13enall.i, Virtorii. proceeded with the adjudication of th clisses within his iuri=diction. Upon the conclusion of a bu-v afternoon he sa:d "'The classps-on the. whole were exrep tionallv good. I have iudged in Melbourne many lunts, and hare been present at every Royal Show there for nvnv vca>'=. and I have never seen anything that con! 3 bp(>r vcuii rla-s of h.irre-s ponies not ex- ceeding 1-1.1 bandi.. Several that went o'lt without an award were worth a piue m nine out of everv* ten show rings." Th' W.iss. indeed, was thp finest ¿tid one ? f ' the largest of the afternoon. When i'io j contestants came in manv peonle bad gone home, but the large crowd that still ra-^ mained, recognised it as a worthy class.' One of the first to be culled bv the iuctóe was Mr.'L. M. Darby's pretty brown "geld; ' ing Lindon. 'Qnitc a murmur of disap- pointment arose fioin the crowd when the. pony with the action which had caught",al! pyes turned to go our without a prize. " ""It seems a pity to send a beautiful "little thing like that away." commented th.* judge, "as he concluded his task of scleetilu the prize-winners in the class. Later, when .questioned by <i reporter, he said-"The i brown golding would have been easily first had it not been for a blemish it has upon -the off hock. It, has ycrv fine action, Jboth" roî knees'and Jiock/'. Mr. -T. Riehatdaoit's - bay gelding Comet, wiugb.1 the judge'b 'eye. It had plenty of style, 'and was '* -finch "moulded. Mi*. E. B. Hughes' grey geldm,*1. Dick, was third. Probably the color had .something to do with the decisions for the action was free and correct, particulatlv with, the forelegs. . . There were two falls in the Maiden Hunter (up to 12 st.) class, in which there were only five entries. Although the hun- ters eave promise of good performances., when thev have had a little more training, the jumping was not uncommonly good. The j horses were,well ridden, and Mr." T. O'Dea'and Mr. P. D. Bright, who, although thrown from their mounts, did not "owe their spilL* to faulty horsemanship. The i winner, Dr. O'Leai'y's chesnut seldiug, I Padre, with Mr. W. S. Blue up. iimnjefi consistently well, took the logs with con- fidence, and altogether created a good impression. Dr. O'Learv purchased Padte -which is said to be bv The Apostle, out of Kutisba-m the western district 'of Vittoria, four months ago. and this was the first time the el-e>niit had appeared in an Adelaide show ring Mr. II. J). Adams' chesnut entire. BiJIy "Muggins, which was-"" awarded »second^pnzp, made a good showing under Mr. L. E. Lewi«. He clouted badly at the wall, however. Mr. T. O'De'a'.s brown gelding." "Royal Glvnn. baulked at the second jump in the first round, and al-o struck the wall. At the first jump of the second round he took the wing. ard. striking, threw hia owner heavily. '".Mr. O'Dea. although a bit shaken by the spill, wais little the worse for the expcriencS The judge had to scud Mr. A-. G. BIu:*" brown.gelding. Foup.is (Mr. P. T). Bright np), and BÜIv Mnggins and Padre round\i third time before he .conld award the ¡ prizes. It w*as in that .round that \Founa=. fell'at the last jump, with Mr. Bright,-but neither uder nor horse was injured. Un lil then Foupas had been going well. Even- tually the judge placed the horses as fol- low.-Padre, -Billy Muggins,'and Founas. Mr. C. C. M. Crcsdec'n bay gelding Vic- tory, the fifth competitor, was a bit wild and hard of mouth, and ran round tile jump. _ - -- The ponies were good right through. The - l.'J and under 13.3 hands (ridden) wen» numerous and evenly matched, and-"Mt. IT. Gui ney did well to secure first prize in such company. The_ tradesmen's "-turn outs were not sa pleasing as the pr>nv sec- tions, and the iudge declined to award auv pri**c in t the class for single pony foin . wheeled 'turnout, because the two animais exhibited had blemishes. The winning pony in the two-wher-1 turnout class," how ever. was of beautiful quality, with a hicf action, and the vehicle and harness were in kceDipg with the re«t. Results: PMZn-LKT. Jiid¿e, Mr. H. J. Gidney.-Tradesman's -two vrlieeled turnout (on* Imrse, nnùcr lo.ll, J. t I.'-'-ui;, IL It Brown. Tradeamat'.'s turi ont, (one horse over 15.1). F. l~ Broi. l'\i ; J. F. Lerne. Pony, under 12 tun .*. . drrt-iD, W. B. Hounslow; \\\\. Il-iynp». 13 and un »fu 13 3 hands, rid '«n, I!. Gurney; F. Te-is«*"- U»l. dnven "i two -ilieelfd rio-- curt, ovc-r 14.2, dud _ nor LVT^dinc V>1 hind?, W. R- B. wakehim. I. M. Owrll. Maiden hunter, up to 12 «t."n» b'i'--,n? ti»ld. to curry 12 stone over Jumps. Dr. \\. " F. O'Loarv, H. D. AdJ-ns; A. G. 81 ir. liarii's pntu, if 3 ard not eraring 14.1 !nr"J>. .' ¡tirindson; Bl B. Uuelics. Pony* under.'li 'nu;., -viitil.'e ter bov OL girl. W. R. Uoun-lovv,, 1 i l.e <<\- K.' thncr. lacht r-.ngjp Trollv Ho se, f.:.v ard iMine-u. A. T. Eunice; J. E. Hann." "idiuv -ii:;;» tnlîj hor'r, trolly, and harnea, ~ \\. if. .i F. Tolley," F. cpnrnnn. Heavj s n,*le îrolh' ho"--o. tmlh, and harnes,. Colton, Palmer, .ind Prerfjii, « Coy. ,*. Itofe & 0>v. PARADE OF CATTLE AOTD HORsÉ?. Ihe parade of hornes and cattle, oner a.! the most spectacular evento of 'the. Shaw; is dii?wodiv pepinar witn a.l sections'ot tue spccti*¡v.is. In t^e r.ng at onie are te - i U. seen the best tired animals in the State -i i ollectton as near .periection as -one could wish, led by champions so splendid that it is ha i der to find bad points in them th.'.n it is to detect traces of class and * âtjic m the faithful steed-- which come to i misera nie eud at the Frome-road - ibodcr of wild aeasts. The glossy coats of t'ie horses, to wh-ch tnö sunlight gave j sheen, made tile buen- draughts look stotclv indo. d. «id the Lghter animai-, giacefuliy pM'ic.ng, seemed to icv»l in the glorious suit-nine u hicj flooded ever} thing. It wa.« an exhilaiating day. and everyone spoke o the joy felt at neing ¡n the open a:r m , siuh pe.tcct moteoroiogi-*al condit/ons. Theie «as a la ige attendance watching the jiiiatb. His JÍM.eliencv" the Governor (Sir Uij Bo-anquet) and Lid.v Bosanquet and M s, _\heia Bosanquet, attended ov the private seen« ni t-Mr. V. 11. Row, Il.X.i. « ''id Captain.- " Fletcher. A.D.C.. uni Ualkei. A.U.C.. viewed the fine spectacle rom the ?.ne legal box. Mis. It. II. Cr.iw loid í .ufe ot the pio«ident) was a member ot the vicc- irg.il pal tv. Later in the atter n »on his Excellent.',- and I^adv BosiuquuL strolled into the ung .nth Mr. and Mrs Crawford and Sir Lancelot Stirlirg. IIi E*iC(.»*icv and Captain Wilker inspected ^ the iS^ jumps piovidod .' .. t.'»" V'^llcîr^ Challenge Cup. The parade of horse stock -was led oy the Fitzgerald .Bros'. Sir Hector McDonald (champion draught erf thu Show). While the horses proceeded on the circuit one way the catt.e formed an m F:de nng in the opposite dnection. The Angas champion shorthorn bull, Beau Tre gunter 69th. led that piotess.on. The Jer f eys, Shorthorns, and Here.ords made, a brave showing, but, genera.Iy speaking, the parade of cattle v,as haidiy eejual m nuiit iters to those of previons Shoves, out at the quality no one could cavill. Although the Governor presented a cup valued at £50 Mr the beat -dairy cow, to be judged for butter and milk results, and the soc.aty disbursed £25 in cash prizes, there were j hut eight bea-sts entered. They d.d not ap- pear in the parade, and general regret wa* « xpreased -that the competition had jot ! been keener. The meiere showing in this i section is emphasised by the fact that a few years ago, when only £10 'was offered in prize_money, there were 25 entries. Guernsey cattle, for which the society in-. troduced 10 classes at this Shew, were con-1 tpicuous by their absence, there "being not one entry. Mr. H. G. Butterfield (ring- master) got his procession into line in good time, and during the progress of the march round the public were able to get a splen- did view ot the animals. j MERINO, SHEEP. ' The display of Merino . sheep again merited tia encomiums of visitors', for" many magnificent specimens of the typical South Australian Merino, wath its'largo frame, strong constitution, and lengthy robust wool, were penned The effects of the harsh autumn, however, ivpve noticeable to the extent that- borne of the asumáis lacked that little extra bit of bloom which generous-conditions usually , »fiord. The open classes again provided nil opportunity for the Canowie^estate to add to their pn¿e-ring laurels, and'for the j third j ear in succession ihey carried orr the championship for ram, scoring this time with Jack Johnson, one of the progeny of Donald Dinnie. This success i also decides the destination of the Griffith ' Jiros. Proprietary ehaHenge eaip. wh'ch j Lad to be won three times. Two other breeders, Mr. A. J. .Murra.}*, »ho wa» not represented ni this year's'competitton. a?td Messrs B. C. &.* J. L. Stirling,- each had tuo legs in. Thk^year's champion ?was a well grown spécimen,' densely packed with wool ot the right quality. The' eive «?.uampionship was "awarded to a" handsome owe, * shown in splendid condition, " eon .vdering she was accompanied ,by a, well grown ram lamb of mor» than ordinary promise. This ewe was bted by the _Ues«rs. Melrose -Bros.^ of Rosebank. Mount Pleasant, and won the champion-1 .ship here two years'ago.* Last year she I was first in her clas«,'"i'nd~'was runner-up ! to the 'champion- In the combing ram class, which was described by the judge (Mr. 0. D. Sanger of Cbfowa) as' "an »xceedingly good lot," there'-were 14. «ni .tries, and of tbe placed animals, peaned ïcspectively by Canowie and Messrs. E. C. and «I. L. Stirling; any breeder'might nell ï'o proud. This -remark, however, may reasonably be applied te> ¿be prizewinner's in all of the open Merino classes. .Arno, g the successful breeders in the, aged classes, ¡besides those already mentioned, may be included the names.of Sir ¡3» J. Way, and Messrs. Murrav Bros-, W. G. -Mills", . A. Thomas, Murray Dawson, and J. Shep- herd. The two- tooth «lasses " Were ,an ex- ceptionally good lot. and pleased the judie (Mi*- H. C. Pennefather, of Melbourne). "The ewes especially,'' he said, ".were a much better lot than the similar class at ,t)ie recent Sydney Show." The Merino ram under V years, wliich secured' a log- in for *he Quibell Challenge Cup for Mr. 12\. A. Thomas, of 'Smithfield, was well crown and carried a good length of [densely-packed stylish wool. The places £vere filled with profitable types supplied .hy Messrs. Melrose and Murray ¿Bros. The Messrs. Melrose were ?the successful exhibitors in the ¡two;tooth ewe «lass, \a which there were ¡27".entries,. The judge - especially com ¡mended the first four ewes in the class ak. i of great merit. .The second place was ? tilled by Mt. A. Sv Thomas, of Sanely ! Creek, arid ¿he other awards were, be* .stowed in this order:--Messrs. G. R.. and '?A. Medróse, Murray Bros. (4- and 5), and X. C. and J. L. Stirling. The first prize ewe was large of frame, handsome front, good thigh-, and belly, and was denselj «.overed with lengthy stabled'wool,' show inç lustre and-character. The second prizf ewe, was also'syanmetrical, and carried- a fleece of more robust type, but. slightly slack, in the'back. " Sheep fron\ tbe .sai£ bus^' country ,w'ere>-not numéreme, \but ¿peritnens"penned were a distinct advertise- ment .for .tbe constitution of the Sout\ Australian "Merino. The ticket» in the tv;o classes were 'divided among Messrs. -J. 'H. .Lindo _and Sons and M. Collins. Farmers', classes" were fairly represented, .and as the owners -were not debarred from ,grazing on land that had been cultivated the .sheep showed a fine finish. They had not' been, grazed or housed under really nrtificial condition«, however, and. tAt »pialitj; spoke 'well for' the ability of ' the breeders represented. ^Ir. G. Day, of Har rogate, gained first ' and second prize in each class, and secured the firs-t leg, in Io» the Pnritas Challenge J3up for the best ram over li years. Other successful es vhibitora"'included Messrs. A. S. -Thomas and J. Shepperd. More breeders would have been represent-ed but for the haid conditions* existing in the autumn. "BRITISH BREEDS QF SHEEP. -!Asr asnal it was_ noticeable' that the was^a-lack of uniformity-.of type arno the British .breeds, it. was also evide thkt .the rule regarding the non-e'tigibili of tickrinfested sheep was^not strict tarried out. It is true that one arura . waa* removed, but several others càrryi ticks were awarded prizes. The .cbanipio ship awards bestowed in the various si lions'were thoroughly earned.- In Lincol Mr. W. Richardson, secured the ram chai pionahip,. the executor» of the late" Grundy securing tfre. reserve, Both t' blue jibbon and the 'reserve championsh . for ewe» were awarded to Mr. Ricnardso who .was a heavy prizewinner. The Shro shires made a capital and showy col»c tionl. The champion ram was one pf ti iafafous. Mansell strain, bought in Tasman uj* JMK H..X. Thomas, of Auburn. Tu breeder also showed some typical anima of his own breeding. M^s-rs. K» ami] and ".A. H. R, Maidment and Sir S. J..VVt airo.-carried, off prizes ¡n the ," ra classes.'. The ewe championship "*»-. t gained for a bonny , animal of splend type; exhibited, by .Mr. Siruth. TI rc?erve was supplied by Mr. Thomas, j the shorn classes Sir S. J. Way held ti btrorrsest hand, and took the bulk of ti awards. Roseworthy Co.lege took bot championships, and literally scooped t> pool for .South\ Downs'. Unfortunate! -there -were., no other competitors. Dora liorna were .limited to specimens penoe "by Mr. Lisle Johnson, and they were vve worthy of the honors achieved. There wt a lack of nniformity in type among th Leicesftr?, but a batisfactory standard WÎ reached by breeders like,. Messrs. W. i Kelly and A. Francis. Romney Mars were probably- the best'representatives < the English breeds for correctness r type, and- Messrs. Feuerheerdt Bros, jin E.- W.. van Senden thoroughly deserve their successes. <. \\- "The Judges' Criticisms. Scene ---candid criticism was offere by- the judges in the - desire t guide'exhibitors. Mr. D. A> Alteen, < Crambournp, Victoria, * who judged th Shrcpshirei, South Downs. Leicest-ers, an ranis for breeding 'export lamns, sum mt rised" his opinions thus:-"There wer some cit-ital and typical Shropshire,' but would' like to itoimt out that tnere appear to" be a''tendency -to pay too 'much aaer tion to the wool, to the sacrifice of e»ser tial points of the breed. The Sbropshrr aid» evolved for a special- purpose, bu ?some breeders here appear to be tryin¡ to change its tvre. - That in itself i all .rignt,- provided, suca animals o.r< called N under the name of the breeder Otherwise injury to .type and consntu tional detenotation results. "'The short classes are an 'excellent idea for bringmj out the : carcase points of the Shropshire but it would be better if three months wool was allowed instead of a fortnight'! growth, as at present. The objection tt . the very short wool" is that the judgt cannot determine whether it is trulv Shropshire wool. The Romney Marsh J consider were the most typical, uniformity of, and truerra-s to type, being more in evidence than in tho other British breeds. The Lt-iccelera were weak in this respect. Ihe variations in type being a drawback to the judge, whose task of giving satis . faction is thns made almost impossible. The South Downs were fairly unifot-, but lacked in the matter of color of skiù. This should lie a cle-ir tink, but in some in-star.'ces the pelt was distinctly dark in co!or. Roseworthy College might fairly be expected to keep up the type in this direction." . Mr. li. Fotheringham, who Was the ad- judicator in the Lincoln and Dorset Ilorn classas, 0aid collective!} the latter breed were excellent for type, but the Lin- colns were* palpanlv deficient. ''Some have run .to wool,"' he said, "at the expense of constitution and fattening qualities. 1 am supported by Mr. Aitken in the opinion that wool is of no consideration in any «bees ti British breeds, unless constitu tion is tnainsíained np to the proper stan- dard." THE STUD CATTLE. "Strong in quality, but weak in compe- tition," is a tair description of the stud cattle section. The numbers were nçt as great as they should be, and. as a con- sequence, the display collectively was not in keeping with the standard of the premier show of the State. However, there were very few inferior ¡animals penned, and so the quality of the stock proved a capital advertisement. The Angas cattle, as usual, proved a great attraction, and many admirers were found who agreed that thev were fit for exhibition in any part of the world. Several of them, notably Here fords from Hill River estate, and Short- horns from Point Sturt, had previously achieved distinction at shows in the eastern States. The champion Shot thorn bud. Beau Tregunter 69th, was a very level topped, deep-fleshed red beast from Point Stout, showing all the characteristics of a successful .sire The two-vear-old, Duk*. of Yoik 14th, was a beautiful roan by tae recently imported bull, Adbolton Thalia King, and he deserved the first prize ticket in his class, even without competition. He ivas placed third recently at Melbourne m a strong clots. The"? champion Shorthorn cow -was Channing Oxford 51st. She is one of the most typical specimens of the breed, in the Commonwealth. Remark- able quality was also shown in the other Shorthorns exhibited by the trustees of tile late J. H. Angas, and the judge (Mr. \V, Richardson), was especially commenda- tory cone*eriling this section and the He-e fords. The'Angas contribution to the lat- ter breed was described as ''a magnificent lot excellent in type, and exhibited ¿n : perfect condition. The "champion Hereford bull was May Duke IV. abie animal is ,a noted pnzetaker, and last year was placed ehampicin at Adelaide, and re terre champion in Melbourne. The cham- pion*, cow, Tulip 34th, w.-fs » also - almost faultless. The ¡chief prizes, in the other Hereford classes were 'secured by the An-g-\9 trustees . with! young animals oi exceRtional merit - Mr. Philip-' Charley was<jthe onlv other exhibitor, and though h;s beasts did note lack qualit}, they were .Tot equal to the Hill River stock. Mr. CharlcÁ, however, secured all the awards for polled cattle.j and the fact that theie uaj »O' competition,, did not_ detract from their merit. Aryshire- oatie were not strongly represented, but quabtv ranged high. , The 'champion bull exhibited bj Ml'. \V. T. Burgess, of Kapunda, aifd the reserve bull and champion cow penned by Sir Lancelot Stirling were v. nrthy. of spe- cial mention. The reserve cow was owned by- Mr. 'Burgess. - Some typical Jersey cattle were paraeled. and the .cham- pion bull an'd reserve yow entered by Mesïfre. Laùïhtoif Ä- Co., the reserve champion bull shown by Mr. Peter Wood, and the champion cow exhibited by Mr. H. C. Toppin, gained'.their places m the face _ of good competition. Holstein Friesians, .apart, frohi the champions ex- hibited bv Mr. J. G. Burdett, were not conspicuous. Guernsevs, which last year made an-attractive entry ¿froth inter-State exhibits, were ñot^Tepre^ented/ but the milking Shorthorns*,^ Which -afforded an opportunity for'.striking comparisons when considered against 'the beef tvpe, fincluded some promising annuals." ." There7 is1 still room for many more breeders""to come for- ward «tnd help to create more solid com- petition, PRlZE-l ISTV, - Judge..,Mr. "W. Richardson. Stud -Cattle. Shorthorns-Champion bull, calved before July lu 1911. gold meda! presented by S.A. Govern- ment, Trustees J.' H. Angas (1 and 2*t. reserved champion. , Bull, calved before July 1. 1010. Truste* J. H. Ancas. Bull, calved since Julv I. 1910. Truste« J. H.. Angas. Champion cou. calved before July 1. 1W1. Trustees J. H. Angas (1 and 2). Con for breeding purposes, in calf or milk. Trustee« J. H. -Angas. Cow or heifer, calved since Julv 1. 1909. Trustees J. H. Angas Heifer, calved «nee July 1. 1010. Trustees J. H. Angas. Calved since Julv 1. 1911. Trustees J. II. Angas. Hereford«-Chammon bull, calved be- fore Julv I, 1011. cold medal presented by S.A. Government. Trustees V. H. Angas (l and 2). "Bull, calved before July 1. 1910. Trustees J. Ii. Angas. Calved since July 1. 1810. Trustees 3. H. Anew: C. Philip. - C-alved since Julj 1. lilli. Trustee* J. H. Angas. Champion cow. calved before Julv 1. 1911. Trustees J. H. Angas. Cow for breeding -nui-poses. in calf or milk. Trustees J. H. Angas (1 and 2): C. Philip. Gow or heifer, calved «nee July r. 2000. Trustees J. H. Ango?. Heifer, calved since July 1, 1910. Trus- tees J. H. Angas. Calved since July 1. 1911, Trustees J. H. Anea«. Polled-Bull. C. Philip. Biß!, calved since Judy 1. lill. 0. Phillip. Cow. C. Philhp. Helier, calved since July 1. 1911. C.. Phillip. îudge. Mr. W. O. Greaves. . Avrshiro-^Obam Pion bull, calved before July l; l&ll.; W. T. Bur PM». Bull, calved before July 1. 1003. W T. "Burasssr ' Carrea since July"!, looa. J. L. Stir» lire-. Calved taree July l. 1910. Vf. T. Burgess Champion cow. calved before July J,'1911, J. L. StM-hnsr. Cow tor breeding purposes, in'calf or muk. J. L. Stirling. Cow or heifer, calved ance Julv 1. 1609. W. T, Burgess; J. L. stirling Heifer, calved, since Julv 1. tfHO. J.L. Stirling(2',' Jerseys-ChaiBpion bull, calved before July 1. 1011, gold medal by S.A. Government-E. Laugh- ton and Coy. "Bull, calved before July 1, 1900 E. Laughton and Coy.; State Children's.Depart- ment; H. C. Toppin. Calved since July 1, 1009 P. Wood; H. C. Toppin; R. McEwin. Calved since "July 1, 1910, M. Bums; P. Wcoi Calved since July 1, 1911, U. C. Toppin»;; P. Wood. Champion cow or heifer, calved bei we 1st July, 1011-H. C. Toppin. Cow for breeding purposes, in. calf pr milk,. H. C. Toppin; Ii. McEwin; P. I Wood., Ow or heifer, calved since July 1, 1909 i -E. Laughton and-Ooy.;-T. O'Brien; P. Wood. I Heifer, calved since July 1, 1911-E. Laughton* ana Coy.; E. Parks; P. Wood. I Judgcs-^A. J. Follett, J. Fewlngs, and P.I Suter.-Milking Shorthorn-Champion .bull, calved before July 1, 1911-F. G. Cleggett. Bull, calved before July 1, 1B09-G. Dennis. Calved since July 1, 1910-P. J. Cleggett-ii and 2) Oüvpd i «ance July 1,-1911-F. J. Cleggett (1, 2, and 3). ¡Champion cow, calved before July 1, IBU-; Cun, ( presented by Sir John J. Duncan-G. Denni't. i Cow for breeding purposes, in calf or milk-G7i [Dennis (1 and 2). Holstein-Friestan-Champion bull, i-alved before July 1, 1911-J. G. Burdett. I Bull, colved before July 1, 1909-J. G. Burdett; H. Forth. Calved «ince July 1, 1910-J. A. Kalli- ' day. Champion cow, calved before July 1, ion-J. |G. Burdett. Cow for breeding purposes, in calf 'or milk, J., G. Burdett; J. A. Halliday; H. Forth. Cow or heifer, calved since Julv 1, 1909, J. G. Burdett; H. Forth. Heifer, calved since July 1, 1011-II. Forth. I FAT STOCK. } There was a slight falling off numen-1 'cally in the fat «took sections, there be.ng 45 entries as against 64 in 1911 and 51 in 1Ö10. Probably this, was due to the short- age of feed early in the season, combinée! with the high prices ruling in the markets for prime stock. Taken on the who^e, therefore, the display may be classed as very creeLtablc. although it cannot be said that,prime,quality was the rule. The first.prize ox, exnibited by Mr. J. R. Staker, of Jamestown^ was a ?magnificent speci- men, and waa easily the pick of th» cattle. Some gttod quality beef was car ned by animals in other classes, in which the winners v.ere supplied by Measr.*.. I*. 'Charley," S. Kidman, and tbe Sewage Farm The collection of fat sheep and ovport lambs, did not reach the level of which the State is capable, but, allowing for the sea- son, no one could grumble at the appear ance of the priEe-winrung animals. An ex. cellent pen of Merino wethers, sent in by Mcs«is. Dean Bros., of Morgan, were worthy of 'distinction, and tne Down wethers shown by Mr. A. H. R Maidment were exceptionally good. The hlder, Stn th prize for export lambs was gained b> Messrs.. G. and E. A. Brooks, ot Buckland Park, with an even pen of nice qual ty crossbred. In a similar class, m which a proportion of the an.nials have to be slaughtered and weighed, the first and second ticket« were also awarded to Buck land Park, third place being filed by Dor- set Horn orossbreds, sent dcrwn from v Florieton by Mr. Lisle Johnson. The judge, Mr. J. Timmins, was pleased with the axerage quality after making due^allo.v Iance for the sea-on. ,1 PPJZE-LIST. * Fat Cattle.-Judge, Mr. J. Timmins. Any ' breed-Ox, 5 j ears or under, J. R. Staker; S. Kidman Cow or heifer, 5 years or under, C. Philip (1 and 2\ Oxen, two, 5 j ears or under, S Kidman (1 and 2). Cows or heifers, 5 years or under, S. Kidman (1 and 3); C. Pnilips. S*r.p«-s 3 and under 4 years old, S. Kidman; Sewage Farm (2 and 3). . Two and under 3 years old, Sewage Farm; S. Kidman. Fat Sheep («horn)-Merino Wcf-fTS-Dean Bros (1 and 2); E C. Jung. Down wethers, A. H. B. Maidment (1 and 2). Shropshire .Wethers, A. H. H. Maid ment (1 and 2). Crossbred wethers, 'G. and E. A. Brook li and 2); A. H. Heinrich. Merino ewçs, E. C. Jung; C. W. Bowman (2 and 3). Linoo'n ewes, C Phillip. In wool- Merino lambs, Pearse and Son. Lambs, other than Merino, ave, L. G. Johnson; G. and E. A. Brook (2-and 3). Lambs for freezing or export, prize, pre- sented by Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., Ltd., for pen of 10 I-'mbs-G. and E. A. Brook; I* G. Johnson. Prizes, presented by Professor W. Lowrie, for pen of 10 fat lambs suitable for evport-G. and E. A. Brook (1 and i). _| I THE GOVERNMENT EXHIBIT. ! , Ina prominent position between the Ma- chinery Hail and the Eastern Annexe, and in a specially constructed cnolosure, was a pleasing coilect'on of exnibits shown by the Deportment of Agriculture. In tab- loid form it represented the many phases of the derailment's activities in the direc- tion of assisting the primary producer by encouraging lum to grow the best produce, and heleing him to find the mon firofitabh markets*. The central pos tion in the Go- vernment pavilion was occupied by the wheat exhibit, which was prepared undir the *.urer\ ¡sion of the manager of the Parafield Wheat- breeding Station (Mr. ti. H. Steven*!. Kach year it pio\es a greatc. attraction to the farmers. Tne exhiDit at- tracted large numbeis of men who wore anxious to glean information, and it gave the department 6 ofiicers an opportunity oi getrins . hrtc- peieonal touch with them, A NOTABLE PRIZEWINSTiift. Tulip 34th, the Champion Hereford Cow, exhibited, by the Trustees of the late J. H.. Angas. and showing them just "what 'the .. depart ment is doing in the direction of»producin¡ wheats, some of which whl1 probably prove to be of better quality and of better yield ing capacity than any of those at presen cultivated. 'There were 50 varieties of wheat ii sheaves and 40 in the grain, in ornament?, boxes and bottles, including samples o the crossbreds which are to be fixed thi year. Foreign varieties were not d s played so. prominently as previously, ai the fanners manifest more interest in thi home kinds. The former, among "whicl may .be specially mentioned the Indians are being used for hybridising to ass s in the production of wheats of strong flou: character and earliness, and tuen* valut in 'this direction cannot be over-aotimattd Some fine grain was shown, and partLu larly prominent were Federation, Bayah Correl's Xo. 7, Triumph, Comeback, Bun yr', and King's, Early. A number of thes showed greatly increased yields at Para field last harvest. For example, Triumpl yielded 29 bushels to the acre last harvest the previous year's yield being , 23 bushels Comeback advanced from 20 to 22 bushels King's Early vielded 22 bushels against 13 and (Huyas snowed ail increase of from I to 23 bushels to' the acre. The increase m the case of Gluyas and King's Early vveri due, to some extent, to the fact rhat the' went down badly in 1910. The_ average fo the Parafield Farm for the harvest, W1112 was 17 bushels, and this may be îegardçd a excellent, when it is^-remembered that al active nrmv of sparrows had to be coat bated. The early variety, Thew, fo which there has been a big demand fron fanners this year, improved to the ex tent of two bushels rec acre over last year return, and samples of both gram and shea were exhibited on the stand.» Heads o King's Karly. some of which were har vested early, and some late, presented suc-I a striking contrast that one might be par doned for imagining that they were o different varieties. The crossbreds always arouse a great deal of intetest among the farmers, who an ever on the alert to secure varieties whicl may prove to be of greater value to then districts than those now under cultivation Among these shown were_ a number o: second and third generation crossbreds some of which have given great promise o: becoming excellent vancties. Cro'ssbrec No. 2S which was exhibited both in thi sheaf and in the grain, was presented bj the late Mr. W. Farrer, before *he had fi'iod it, to Professor Angus for comrie tion. This now well-known wheat - de monstrated its superiority over Crossored Xo. 53 Tthe Western Austeal'an wheo, .at Parafield last harvest to the tane of seve ral bushels per acre, and ir. the present crops at Parafield there is a difference in the two varieties of six inches in favot of CiossbredÑo.-28. Altogether, the ex- hibit was-most instructive, and everyone interested in thi« branch of agricultura ßhotild iiDt'fail-to see it. The Poultry ísection. Owing to the exceedingly limited ao coBornddation available the poultry ex- pert (Mr. D. F. Laurie) stated that ne was unable to make the display as eoin .prehensive as usual. The space availa-ble has in other years been devoted to a display of eggs* for local transit and for export. Other methods, faulty and ^other- wise, have also been represented. This year the who'.e dii-pliy had to be reduced in magnitude; but nevertheless it was most attractive and instructive. The method of paek'.ng for - local transit was shown on a small soale. but it was sufficient to indicate that farmers and storekeepers would be well advised to adopt" the method which is simple, and reduces breakages to a minimum. The Roseworthy egg laying competition wai brought under notice, and each of the 13i pens competing (a world's record) was represented by six eggs, the actual produce of each pen. A neat card giving nairne of breeder, owner, and score to date supp'ied iiiteiesting data for comparison. Although the majority of the birds com- peting are White Leghorns, a tan- num- ber of other bieeds were enteied. anil the display furnished variety sulticient lor comparing the performances of the different breeds. The whole of the eggs used were from the Roseworthy Poultry Station. The clean shells and fine size afforded a great object lesson to poultry breeders as te the value of quality and appearance in marketing produce. , An interesting exhibit was a barrel eon 2f taînîng a , hundred dozen eggs, . and a. basket 'containing 3S9 eggs, making a total of 1.5S9, which represented the eggs laid bv 'the Redfern Poultry Farm (Vic- toria) pen in the 1911-12 Roseworthy competition. This is the present world's record, the fame of which has spread throughout the civilised wof-ld. Poultry breeders are legion, and such a record is of jrxeat value to the State as an ad- vertisement.' A prominent feature 01 the exhibit was the splendid method ot imparting valuable experimental and* sta- tistical information by means of large, clearlyjprinted tables." Altogether the display was the most complete ever made in the. State in the interests of the poul- try industry. A visitor could put down in his pocket-book reliable information as to the results of the many practical and scientific ' tests which' had been car- ried out. Visitors were supplied with poultry notes full of valuable hints for the breeder. Special attention was called tb the section in next year's laying com ' petitions which is specially des'gned to encourage poultry' breeding among pas KKRCHOCK rao-ros. «JHE HOUSE PARADE. The Horse Stock», especially in the. Draught Section, was of High Qualin.., torali«ts, farmers, fruit, and vegetable growers. ? The exhibit of poultry food was 'most complete and, as each food baa a card attached, with accurate information as to its composition, food values, and general uses, it was - of great help ^to poultry bleeders. ' Canned and Bottled Goods*. Pleasingly arranged Stands contained re- presentative assortments of canned meat and' preserved fruit, which we're ar- ranged by the Produce Department's, salesman '(Mr. G. Nash). There is-, à St owing demand for the canned meats put up by the department, and last year about 6,0d0 cases werfe disposed of. Lamb tongues are ge'tting exceedingly popular, over 1,000 cases having been sold < last year. There will be a-difficulty this year in securing a sufficient supply, owing to the nature of'the lamb season, so'the department will probably turn out lets than.usual Specimens of blood and bone manures, boneduft, poultry meat- meal, and tallow* were also ' displayed. A fine col- lection of bottled and dried fruits waa ' ?-? - ' .-; '-. ' .:?.. seen, and- they bore eloquent testimony to the quality '? of.; tiré orchard products ; b¿ tn% ~ State. ? Unlike ' the canned goods,. thi bottled and; dried '.. fruits put, .up ' by. the department are: used, solely for exhibition purposes. During the :past season ' the department preserved .; about 650 . large bottles, of almost every .kind of fruit, and'about 250 trays .'of 'dried fruit were prepared, -the-bulk of'which have b'çén sent to the Ti*ude -Commissioner in Lbn-. don-for the purpose of advertising the resources of South Australia in.Europe.;; ' ' ''?'-". Oyster Culture. .'-'''; A' most interesting' exhibit was\a.;cot7.j lection^ of - oysters, froin-i six months -to. two years oldj which were;, growing on; mallee boughs and b'.d pieces of metal, that'had. been placed .in .the -.Govern- ment oyster nursery- at Proper "Bay. .near, Port Lincoln. Visitors found Mr..\V. li. Randall (officer., in charge of- . çyater fisheries! most enthusiastic in explaining t'-e work, which was taken up-a couple pf years ago in. connection' with the. oyster industry.: Cultivation has ;-'been' earned on m watei tanguig from tl¿ to i fathoms m depth Where the oyaten aie found^to be growing too thickly tu gether thej are tonged up, taken off tne catchment and pi teed on beds tv beret there is plent> of loom The «pat sea- man is expeeted to commence m a lev/ weeks' time The s°dson is ascertained bj the tenipeiature of the -natei, and when it gets fiom 62 to 61 degrees without much variation preparations are made tor placing t mber in the beds If the catch- ment i*> laid too eaily It becomes **limv. anti the spat does not adheie to it A sçne- oí e-îcellent photograph taken by the assistant inspector at Port Lincoln (Mr W D Randall) weie exhibited, show mg pan ora m e ^ lews of the CTO\ ern ment nunsery Mount Dutton Bav (where the heen-ed ovstcr men are getting the onh supplies at pre-ent a-vailable m the State), and Bostpn Harbor. Port Lincoln TIGS ïn their-airv and comfortable pens the pig» ivere «een to advantage, and they were a mo<-t interesting lot. Whde the quality of the principa] prize-winners was well t to the high standard set at past shows, was regrettable that moie breeder» we not repie-ented. .Nevertheless, there w keen competition in rcgaid to quality most instances, and in a few classes t] entries weie l.irgg. A good show w irade of Berkshires. The chauipionsh went to a tvnical Berkshhe boar exhibit* bv .Mr. IL C. Wright, who also securi iii st prize« ror hu Essex sow, white Yor shii-e boai. white Yoikshire sows (tv clashes). Tamworth sows (two classes), ai fat porkers. The Roseworthy Agricultur College showed in the Berkshire classe and non the championship 'among ti sows. 'Die Berkshire sows entered fro the collcgp farm weie awarded first ai second prizes. In bacon pigs and fat pigs Mr. H. Curt took three "liists." l>ilîZE-I/i=T. J ii 1-fe, Mr. J. Wilson.- Uumpion boor, a brce'I, ii. C. Wright. Sow. Ro»e.v ortliy Colle; berkshire lioir, H. C. 'Vii«:lic; Roseworthy Li IL^I'. Boar, »nocr 1 voir, A. J. Walkley. S J K.'-ovvo'L, v Caliea (1 and Z) *:ow, with o. litter miller two montln" old, li. 0. Mar* W-< bojr, li. Ü. Wrignt. Sow. H. C. Wngl vViutr Yi.k-hirc boar, U. 0. Wright; 11. iinri.T. Sow, ti. C. Wright. Sow, with o\ litter imder +TO months old, li. O. Wright 1 .-uM 2.) Tamw-ortlL sow. H. C. Wright, Sa 'with own l.tter .under tho" roontha old, n. Wn/at. Three -¡.it porkers, any breed, about lb. cich Hie weicht, X1. C. Wright; -V. J. Dai Threo baron pig«, of an.v breed, about liO 1 each b've weicht, li. CnrtiE; H. C. vVii^ht, B.ie pi?, 335 to MO lb..(ilres-eo weight), H. Cart; Fat in?, an}- breed, «ti. Curtis. POULTRY. ''My opinion-of the whole show," sa "Mr. Alexander Anderson, of 'Melbourn who judged the major portion of the pot try, is tnat that there may not be quite ; large a number of buds exhibited a.* usua but .-the average quality ii improving There were small entries of . Sili'er-gn Dorking*, hut the birds penned were excellent quality, although some showed i dicitions that the blood of colored Dor ings had been introduced. They possess! good shapes, however, and were fine, dee breasted birds. There was a large íepr sentaticn of Langshans, and, apart fro a few. the exhibits denoted that the sta dai d -waa being maintained. ' Black 0 pingtons were not so numerous as usut The winning cock and hen were wortl of special mention, as they displayed a the characteristics of the breed, and wei good in color and size. Buff Orpmgtoi were fair in' numbers, and were decen sized birds, but in most cases unevenue of color was noticeable. The winners the White Orpington classes apparently ha not been preiared for show, as they we; weather-stained Otherwise thej; were a right._ There were signs of a rivival ,-i the old breed of Spanish! That is One i the oldest of breeds, and it had almo died out until recently. This class coi tained some fine exhibits. White Le norns made up a large section, but thei was coniaderable divtrsity in the type ( the birds. Many of them weer too heaii in bone and high in leg. The winnit hen was true to type and symmetrical, bl the birds could have been shown in muo oitrcr condition. There was nothuig ou standing m the Brown Leghorns, exce( that they were of average quality, whii the Black Leghorns, Anconas, and Rosi combs were only moderate. \\-The Minorca weie capital specimens, the winners bein typical, and excelling in lobe. Andalusiar made up a fine class, the winning nulle gaining a special prize. That bird wa very clear in ground colo'r, and the laciu also was well defined. Mr. J. Smitl who adjudicated in the Malay sections, sai it was ¿he biggest collection of that breei at the Royal Show be could lemember.Ther ¡were over 100 birds on view, and the; weie of exceptionally good quality. Ade laide breeders have established a reputatioi saU over Australia for Malays, and it i; 'almost unnecessary to say that the com petition wad keen. The breeding season i, now'at its-height, and exhibitors v/ere no over anxious to break up their pens, bu notwithstanding this fact the »bow was í record. The best birds were found amon the black and brown reds, whites, piles and in any other color class. In the last mentioned section the cock 'exhibited bj Mr. W. Kay is nerhaps the . best birc here, while Mr. W. II. Brown's white wai also a splendid sample. A large numbei of White Wyandotte? were shown, ahc they were equal to,' if not- better, thar those of last year. The fir-t prize cod anti hen were exhibited by Mr. Oliver, anc were capital specimens of the variety. Th< first prize nullet in the Silver Wyandotte' was nicely marked, and the same charac teristic -woe prominent in the cock anc hen. . The collection of Game fowls at trac ted considerable attention, the birds being excellent representatives of the pro- per type. In the Duckwiug section the first prize cockerel enteied by Stacey and Sons was an imported bird, and there ie. no gainsaying the iact that it will figui-3 prominently at future shows. The quality of the duclts had not 'diminished in the slightest, although in the classes for J'ékins,'Aylesburys, and Rouens there was an unaccountable fallinc off in the number of entries. . The' Rouen drake for size, color, and markings would be hard to beat ; at any show. The adult drake among the ¡Indian Runners Btood out above the otbets, | and the Buff Orpinçtons were of a 4 nice Ltvpe.and color. ' Boys' classes were intro- duced'for the'first time, and (¡he support I given was satisfactory. Several excellent birds were shown, and the competition' on the whole was extensive and keen. - t'KIZK-UST; Judge»-SIcsrf-s. A. Amleison, C 5L Duncan, and J. Smith. Dorking, silver-grey, lock, Vr, A. Jones. Hen, H.. Church (1 and, special); W. A. Jones', j Cockerel" H. Flamant (l and special)-. H. Church. Pullet, \V. A. Jones. Any other variety, hen, W. '¿; j0ne3 (1-and 2). Cockerel,, W. ji- jones. Pullet. AV. A. Jones, t'cthm, buff. cock. P. Harvey,'W. H. Milford., lion, F. Uirrey;«.' H. MiUud. , Lanchan, cock. Fry and Crago; S. J. Hallam; C. W. Bails. Hen. U. Flamank U and special;; S. J.- Hal'am (2 and 3). Cockeiel, Stevens aiid Miels (1 and <-necial, 2 and 3) Pallet, Stevens and îlicfe; Fry £nd Oragí»: C; W. Bails. 'Plymouth Rock, barred, cock, T. A. Hilmea (1 and spcc'al); P~ ilcT.eish; Mans*«"!'and" Brown. Hen, H. Freeman (1 And special); -W. H. Milfcrd; V. A» Holm«. Cockerel, li, McLeish; Sarg^nfri Poultry Yards; >H. Fra-roan. Pullat. Manuel anct tírovvn; W. Pope; T. A. Ho'nicf. Buff, cock, S, J.,Hnttam (1 anti 2). .Hen, S. J. llaitam (1 uuct 2). Wlite. cock. K. M. ClaxUn. Hen. K. 3Í. Churton (1 and 2) Orr »ngton, bl ick, cock, K. J. .\iuibic ii it'tl sp"eial); «argeniri* Poultry lards: Jarrad ti.I 0-jtu.li. Hen, 1\ J. Wimble (1 nn<2 spécial), Clarke and Woodward; II. Far- mer Coukercl. i\ J Wimble (land £); T. Ulec Pullet. F. .1 Wimble H. Irnn>ii>rr Jarrad andT Cr'iutli. Bull. ecck. R FarntiT: C. '.V. Buts, Hen, li. rtunitr; T. Klee t2 and 3;. Cockerel, T« £'...? (1 ami 2">. Pullet. 1. Bk-i fl. 2, and S)< Wh-te. COM, C. VS. I'ertnn* (l and 2). lieu, G. VS. Turkins (1 and 3), K.U Clattoi. Coclterel«1 K. M CLevon. Pullet. 1. A. Holmes; h. M." Clauca Yliandottj tilden, rock, Jtirrad! and Crouch: A. Flrirtlge. Hen, Jarrad ami Crouch; A- , i..dn'l«a^ (2 and 3)., Golden, cockerel, A Eldridge (l and 2). Pullet» A Eldridijo (1 and 2w Silver, cock V. A» Holmes, S. Cope (2 mid "Î). Hen, _S. Cope (I and 2); A. Eldi ilçe. Cockerel, S. Cope (1, 2. and »). Pull-t. ?.. Eldridge: S. Cope (2 ant? 3) White. cock, ,S Oliver, S. Cope. Hen. S, Oliver (1 S and ¡-¡-'CCiil); S Cope. Cockerel, S. Cope (1 anti 2); U *J. Bone. Pullet. S Oliver (1 and ii); S ..Cope Partridge, cock, Clarks and 'Voodwntd Hen A. E. Gnrtrell. Pullet, A. E Gartrell (1 and 2). Wjandotte, Colum- bian, rhen. Clarke and Wocdvvard; D. T. I'rce bairn. Katerolie, cock, E. W. Hawker (1 and 2). Hen, E. W. Hawker (1 and 2.). Rhodar I Islutd, red. cock, Manuel-and Brown; E. \\.W Pedder. Hen. Manuel and Brown; £*. IV, Pedder, | I Game, modern, black-red, coekj J. Nesbitt anti I Son ti and 2>: It. H. Stace.v and Son Hen» ¡ J. Nesbitt and Son fl, 2 and special); R. IL. Stacey and Son. Cockerel, J. D. lîiordan; Ann» strong and Xinham: H. W. Hopkins. Pullet, B. H Stacey and Son, Armstrong and Ninham. i (2 and â). Modern, duck» inrr, cock, G. Wlut Iilgton (1 and 8i* Armstrong and Ninham. Hen, .H. Flamank; H. R. Stacey and Son; G. Whit- ington. Cockerel, R. H. Stacey and Son; G. Whitington (2 and 3). Pullet, Arinatrons and Nlnluiu Modem. Pile, cock, G. P. Williams? W. J. Seaton; \\\u .1. George. -Hen, Bampton» und Fors>tli (1 and 2): CV. ,1*. Williams Cockerel. Bampton and For».Uh (1 and 2), G. P. Williams.) Pullet W. J. George. Aa.v other color, coe!./ G. 'P.' WiUtams (I and 2), R. H, Stacey and Son. Hen, G Whitington. 0. P. Williams; R., H. Stacey and Son. UM Eiig-lltb., e*oek, E. W*. Hawker (1, 2, and ?.). Hen, D. Cruickriimiksi E. W. Hai ker (2 and 31. Indian Game, cock,! Coleman and Kiy (1 and 2), W. II. Partridge. Hen, Coleman and haj ;> l'n and Ciago; Stevens and Miels. Cockerel. J. Smith, Fry' and'Cragoj» A. B. Blades. bullet, Fry and Crago; C. II.' Schulz; Coleman and Kav. Malay, buck-red, cock, J. Nesbitt and Sons. Heu. B. SéJrson; G. H. Elliott. Cockerel, W. li. Brov.-n; Fw Goodwin; S. Herraman. Pullet, J. Nesbitt y.i Sons; Tonkin und Fridy; 'Vf. Kay. Brown-rod, cock, G. II. Elliott; Tonkin and Frith/. Hen,"'J-* Nesbitt,and Sons; W. Ivaj; W. II., Browiw Cockerel, R. Searson: F. Goodwin; H. h. Packer.' Pullet, Vf. H. Bronn-'W Kay, r. Goodwin. Bit« red, cook. G. H. Elliott (1 and 2). Hen, Ton-t kin and Fridj; J. Nesbitt and Sons li and S).1 Cockerel, H L. Packer. Pullet G. H. Elliotli' H. L. Packen B. 'Biker. JJuckwlng. "côvk, R« Searoon; S. Heiranun. Hen, R. ¡searson; fjl Herraman. Cockerel, W. II. Brown (1 anti 2).J Pullet, W. H. Brown; R. Searson. Muff, cock,' R. Searson; B. Bakt.r; L. p. E. Smith. Hen, R. Searson ti and 2). Waite, e-qcL, Vf. TJ., Brown; C. \V. Bails, tH. L. Packei. Hen, Ton-, kin and Fndy; iV. Kav Cockerel, B. Bakery. T. Luscombe; G. H Uliott. Pullet, F^Good-v v\in, a. h. Packer, C. W. Baila. Red Pile,) t coek, R. Saarson, Tonkin and^Fxadj.; G. JJ. LI-! liott Hen r. Goodwin; W. H. Brown* GookfircL I VS. II. Brown, Tonii-n and Fndy. Pullet, S.' Searsan; r. Goodwin, C. W. Bails. <&x;>¡ oflici ! color, cuJt, W. Kay; W. IL Brown.. /lira, W.1 | H" Bronn; \\\\. Kay. CockeTel, F. Goodwin; BJ Baker. Pullet, W. H Brown; 0. H. Elliott,' Miñona, cock, G. J. Ellis; H, W. Hopkins. HenJ G. J. £.llu (1 and 2); H SV. Hopkins. CockercD O. J. Ellis, U. Vi. Hopkins. Pullet, G. JÎ Ulis. cock, Smita. _, _._.._ ,_,, _ and Woodward Ls^aora, white, cock, W\ C.j Bennett, F. A. Holmes. Hen, F. Harvej (1 and special;; W. C. Bennett; F. A. Holmes. CodierclJ Jarrad and Crouch; Vf, 0. Bennett, .Puller,) F. Harvej, F. Lsmbden; V. A. HolmesJ Brown, cock, J. J. ÍMuith (1 and »aerial): J.' leslie. Hen. W. Ooodenougla (1-and t); H»j Nicolle. t-ockerel. J. Leslie. J J. Smith; II.l .Nicolle. Pullet. \l. Goodenough: Vf. C. Be^J ¡nett, li. riamank. Roaecoipb. cock, W. Good«! enouRÎt. Clark and Vtoodward: W. H. Milford.;* Hen. Cla-k and Woodward; W. Goodehouß1U| Black, hen W. Goodenouso. Cockerel. Wj Gooelenough. Pullet. IV. Goodenousii (1 nnd 2)¿ Bantam, game, modern, black-red. cock. D.CriocM fcliankä; F. Goodvvin; A. E. Gartrell. Hen., ffJ Goodwin: D. Cruictehanks (2.'and 3). Modcrul Pile. <*ock. D. Criucfchnnks C1 and 2): V A.J Al-oo. Hen, D. Cruic'ksiunks (1 and 2); V.] Goodwin. Üuckwing. cock, naismith -and Hilla H. Flamank: D. Cruicbsnanks. Hen. Naismith.' an4 Hill (1 and 2): H. Flamank. Modern Birchctí or bronn-red. cock. D. Cruickshimks Hen. li«l Goodwin; D. Cruioksnanks. Old Eirglu*. cockJ U. E. Gartrell (1 end 2). HtwJ G. P. William» (1 and 8); * JÜ E. Gartrell. KOiCComh. cock. F. Uoodwin;, Naismith and Hill Hen. Natamith & HiU^ÍJI and ii. F. Gooojwin. Japanese, white. CoCkv Naj.mith and Hill (JL and 2). Hen. Naismith; and Hill ii and 2). Black-tttfled, cock. Nai.-! smith and Hill (l and 2). Hen. Naiimith ano I Hill <i and 2). Sehnsht. cook. Turner and, Jamieson. D. Cruicksi-anks; V. A> Aleop., ' Hen. I Û.-Cruiokshanks (1 and 2): ,V, A. Algop. Anjr I other variety, cock. C. Penney; A. E. ? Gartx«lU Ben. A. E, Gartrell. Ajtesbury, duck.-J.'FJ Wiutoriev Jil and, spedaiy. Pekin, drake, vM4nuel I and Browfi C1 and special). Duck. Manuel ana j Brown. Drake, under 12 mouths. Manuel aíi¡í i Brown. Duck. Manuel and Brown (1 and sper-' I cial).* Rouen draUC. D. T. Free'bairil (1 and spécial). Duck, V. T. . FreehairB. - -DiâktV I under 32 monto F. J. Wlirttney. Duck. îF, J. VVhittnev. Indian Runner, drake. San-entra. Poultrv Yards (1. 27 and «pcctal) : F. A. Holmes^ Duck, Sarsenfri Voulrrr -Yaras (1 and 21; i;. A. Holmes. Drake, undei 12 months. Sareentl-Í I Poultrv Ynrda. W. 0. Bennett. Duck. SorgenfK Poultrv Yards: Vi. M. Vale. Bull Orpinirtein, drake. L. P. E. Sm.rh (1 ind special). DiuJt, L. J. E. Smith. Drake, under 12 months. I« P. ! E. Simth (1 and 2). Duck, L, P. E. Smith (I land 2). Mu<coiv. drake or duck, "iV".' Q, ALI« ford: K. M. Clayton (2 and,3). Turkey, brow. cock. D. T. Freebairn. C1. 2. and Special). Hen, D. T. Freebairn (1 anei 2). Youna-Tom. Ot .T" Tredbairn. Poult. D. T. rrecbaifn. 'Ally othç« vanet,. cock. W. Claris; K. if. Chilton. Hen* X7. C1 irk: lu ,31. Clavron. Bolo' Classe".-An/ vatietv. cock or cockerels G. and D. Cruick'honlts (1 and 3). Naifituth and' Hill. Anv variety hen cr Dullet. E JotfCs: G,j and D. Cruielplutnks. R. oud E. Johnson. SeU i lina- Clasoes -^Cocli or cockerel and two îiotis or millets. EClhne Price not to exceed £2 2,V F. J< Mimblc: Stevens nnd Miels, V>. A. Jones. Selline/ price not to exceed £5 o'. G. J. Bohe;vS."Oliver; " Manuel and Brown. Cock, any variety.- from classes 283 to *102 selhne once not to éteeed £.3? II. Stevens and Miel«.r Hen. 0. P. Williams:, H. W. Partndze: H. Farmer. Cock, any variety, j from elas.-.ea 403 tQ 43a. sellmb pnce not to exceed, £1 l/> W, Goodenough Hen. Clarke/ami Wood- ward; W. J Sexton. Barnims.'-CoeR or epcfcersV and'two hens or pullets, from classes 4tt¿to 46$^ selhntr price not i9 exceed £2 31, D. Cruick* ibank»: Naismith and Hill (2 and 3). . , ' ' ' .> PIGEONS. , "' "'; t A better class of pigeon ig always «bown at «the September ¡>bow 'than at, th« autumn fixture, and this year's collection is one of the best *-een for 10 years. Therr were over 200 exhibits and their geid/ quality ivas most pronouriccd. The larges^ - clafcs wa« that oi Dragons^ and'in-'tbaf1 j. tins, u. vi. Hopkins. ruiiet. u. J\ a (1, 2, and 9tieual): 11. W. Hopkins. SpanisLj k, Clark and Woodward U and ¿); Li I*. !-..< ita. Hen, It. P. E. Smith (1 and 3)¡'Clarke* ftuû the sections for Pouters, Buglish . OvK * Homers», Nuns, and Magpies there was an obvious improvement ia tlis types. PHizt^-jj&r;, Juds*c, Sir. T. Koenier.--CMriiei, am* rolor. cool-, IÏ. H. I*. Miller. Hen, H. li, K Miller 1'oytcr, Wye, cock. C. li. Oo!lin< & luroir, mid Jáiníeson. Hai, ii Uefrou; K K. Jarvis; OL It. Collina. Any other color, cock, £. Hiviron (I and 2); Y. E. Jan ia. lien, J?. K. Jarvis; M. llefron. TJarb,, am color, cock, n. H. V. Miller (f and 2); If tí. Viney. Hen, li. li r. , - Stiller.' Tlr-iircii, blue, pock. Air*. 11. L. Clme U and 2) i \\\\. B. Vin. v. Hen, H. H. F. -Mille , _ Mr*, li. !.. Cluse; C. ñ. Greer. Auj other -. tv-tor, cock. C. -\V. Creer (1 and 2); J.-X-in-'; mid, Sons. Hen, C. AV. Creer; J. Lflicir & boil«; .'j V., Rielmrds. -Tumbler, jl-r.ond, cock or lien, í JJ. R. Gelston. Anv .vtber color, cock, Tiirnu j »~. *>nd Jainieson. Hen," Turner k Ju-ilenou, II. It. Celatcn. "TJaJJhcad, any color, cock, 1*. I». £. "smith (1 and 2). livn, U P. E. S*nîth (1 ind 2). . fieoitl, nny color, cock, L. IVE. Smith. (1 und 2); ,J. Leslie. Urn, 1>. P. E. Smith, (t ¡md 3); J. , .I.Q>lie. - Jacobin, black, cook» J*, i- .larvH , V.-<1 and 2);'G. ij. Ball. \av other color, cock, G. "'? fS. TliU. II.T, G. S. Hill." fîadtilebJtk, cock, \- " U~ P. E. Smith; J. Wates«; J., Leslie. Hen,! ' «J. *\\\atas;*'-.f. Leslie. Helmet, cock, Milla* and .^Martin (1 and 2). 'Jlen, 3hller & Martin (1 ..ud î2>. Owl (EnglU-b), any color, cock, L. I*, a \ ¿i ISraith a «nd 3);.G. b. Hal!. .Hen. I. P. ¡Z. ¡Smith (1 and 2). Owl (foreign), white, cock, iMillcr & Martin: U. R.,Gelacu (2 and 8). Hm, , ' Oliller 'Í: Jlnrtiu; H. U. Gelston. Any other ~7-> «-o\or, boa-, ilillir & Martin; G. S Ball; V. Kav. -lîiiiu Miller k Marlin (1 ami 2). Turbit, blniL, coi k 111\. R. Gelston. Hen. %. P. £. Snn'Üi, H. R. ' .."¡v'rton. ' Bliií* or riher, cock, li. R. Gelston. tJien, L. P. Ii Smith:, H. R. Colston, Turbit, any other eoUir, cock, L. r. E. Smith (I and 2). ~ . i-Turbitcen, blick, cook or bon, D. Cruickshank.1}; «V. \ .AJsop^ Lv 'P. X. Smith. .Any other color, .cock or hen. I). CruicKjshaivka (1 and 2); L. P. CE. Fmîtli. Blondinettes black or dun-liccd, twk, D. Cruickshank."-; Mr». ÎI. Jj. Chase. Hen, ' ¿Mrs. H. !.. Hiasc; JI. 1Î. Gelston. Anv othsr fudor, code, U. R. .Gelston. Hen. V. Crulck VMUI'-S; G. S. Hall. Fantoil, white, cock. Vi. «Ueibuvv. I'PI\ Tonkin &'J-Yidy; \I. Benho.v*. Am* othni color, cock, II. G. Gra.v : Tonkin; M . iJ-'ridv (2 arfd ^8). Hen, J. Laínjí & -sons; IL '<!. Grav: Tonkin & Kridy. Magpie, bhuk. cock, /,ï>. Csjlckslianlîs: JUJTcr- & Martin'. Hen. n. I nii'Slo-hanks-; Miller & «Martin: iL. P. E. Siiiith. '.\rtv clhur ct-lor, loi'k, W. B.r Viney. Hen. W. 'JJ. Vincv. N'IIII, anv other calor,-co^k, (!.- S. _ »iU; H. U. Gclnon (2 and 3).,. Hen, H. It. ?Crlito'i: If. II Hiwlic-: 0. 8. Ball. Antwerp, iwlwrt-frcei', cock, II.- McMillan. - Hen, K. Mc ¡?Vffl'-ni. S'iow hoi'cj-, cock, F. f Goodwin; L ¡J*. F. .-smith; A. E. Mill*. Hen, it-. P. E. Smith; »4V Goodwin (2 nul .*.). \\\oiking homer, cock, .V V. Atsop; Milln'i: Martin: II. li. OcUtorl. 3ïei-, VIHIei 4 Martin; L. P.-13. ' Smith ; H. It. ..GcMon \'iv otlicr distinct .Variety, cock. Miller-4- Vürtiii: n. JJ. Vmej ; JJ.-P. K. Smith. H-n. U V r*. Smith; V. A. Alsop; G. S.' Ball. Jîi.vs' disses.-Anv varietv-, cock, X. »t K. Jarvis: V U'ii-nnn; C. \nlt. Hen, K. Miller;"¡5. Chase; Hi. ¿' D. Crnickilunk». ' ' . , . " ÏXDL'SmiES AND MANUFACTURES. Une of the most interesting sections of the Show was that devoted to South Aus- tralian industries and manufactures. "Messi*. F. J. Stevens (Glenelg)'and F. G. i\Viav (Adelaide Co-operative Society) were the judcet-, und their remarks generally at ere of n. mo->t toininendatory character. The clive oil exhibits were all of the highest ¿las*-, and *-o even tlmt.it wat» .il .inost impossible to divide them. Tho 'hottlins wns an exceptionally nleasine fea- ture. , Canned fruit, though the eliss ? lacked in comni'tition. wa« _ of excellent «piality, anti the two tim io» of iiickles . weie the he*l vet »resented at the.Show, lu vafie*tv, ikvvor. lietvup. and, in'fact, in «.very 'fcatuie. there was an imnioteinent, * and the indee-- were of opinion tliat the cclnbit-s tlearh intlic.iled a veiw ereat .ad- vance in the standard of loeul production. Theie nus a tem el table absence o£ eontti.' ,, tition in the dried truit, classes. Put the exhibit«, the. pintie-. eMK'OiaUv, Were con- sidered bv the indite to be of excellent quality. The collections «bown included .' some filie dried pe.icbes, ulmus, and iiiiri ».ots, Ftewiiiif plums, and »runes, and de t hert prunes. The judges were favorably v impressed wtih the eui rant", vilucli they prated showed a irreal improvement on. former veai-. As in olive oil, the iudireá found it verv difficult to allot the prizes, all the fruit hems larc* and fleshv and at- tractive, but thev irave the nrize, ultinuitely * for uniformity of color und flavor. » '^i' ' * TOtfAY'K EVENTS. To-day's pi ogt anime ii a very attractive one. cemuncnciile .it 1.4.5 p.m., with t'iè jnotor di*-pla\, tor which 35 linns iute re->ted' in these machines have made en- tries. At 2 30 the horsed and cattle will ngain parade,, .ititi «then will follow the * various horse--*jn-actton events, con*.isting ol lady's hack, gentleman's weiidit-cari-yitüt cu. competition for the special prize pre tented bv Air. IÏ. Bair .Smith for the best , »OHY exhibited in any class under 14.2 hand*., shown in saddle or -harness light- weight hackney 'and piny .pairs, lit and under 13.3 hands. Tka third Kidman 1 halleoge Cup for limiter« up to 34 st. will also be competed for, seven entrie . 'bavins'; been received for this item, lu ^addition the event for the iahtest -trotters or «.leers in ' saddle or harness will also take plate. 10 entries having been re -' et ived. , Indoors the sr.ind display of Üowcrs, fruit, and vegetables will be t-bown, the hall being thrown open to tthe public at 1 p.m. The judginp will be done , during the morning. The dojjs, poultry, .pigeons, .mel cits will be em view in th3 «V northern annexe, and there will ht- the li-oial interesting dispJ.tvs*¡of machinery in! motion. The- .tunes for judging the dogs .?hill be as follow': Air. Anderson. No. I ring--Barr Smith , spécial,-- 9.30: Fetx-Teiriers, 9.45; lri->h Terners, 10.10; Airedale Terriers, 10.30; '. a'ull-Terriers, 10.45; fekve Terriers. 10.55; 'ih'eoteh Tel Her*«, 115: Yorkshire Terrero. U1.10; Welsh Ten fiers. 11.13:" Australian 11'errieis, 11.20: .Hinch .and Tan'Terriers, 31.S0. - -j . . Ali-. Wright, Ko. 2 ring-Borzois, 0.30: *' St. .Bemaids. 9.35: Greyhounds, 0.40; .Pointers. 10.15: - Setter*. 10.25: Retrievers, 2IU5: Spaniels, 10.55: Collies/ 11.20; 'Kelpies, 11.SÜ; Old Kngbsh Sheep Vog, 12, Ihilldogs. 12.5: Dachsltunda, 12.20; Pug«, 12.25; Pomeranian*., 12,-30: any "" other variety dtvr. 12.55- any other* variety hitch, 1.30; girls' ela«*, 1.^5; boys' class, 2.55; litters, 2; biace, 2.15; team-e;' 2.30. . , WE SHOW CONCERT. <At the Show concett tô-nipht in' the . aCxhibition Jlnildinir a programme- of or- chestral and Mtoal iiui-ie will be ¡riven. The perfoinien ai*e Alis» Kttiie- ' Chcekett, ?Madame Elizabeth Wecel, Mr. Wàltei Wood, Master liodije', Mr. John Dunn's Cathedral thoir bovs. and Cawthorne'ri orchestra. Mi-ts X. Kjiigoboróuirh anti < Air. 'John Dunn are the at-eoinpanists, and ». Air., Charles Cawthome will * conduct the oiehcstia. . ' DAIRY PRODUCE.'' The chief exhibits usually eh'splaycd for competition in the main hall will not be . «tajred until to-day., On .Wednesday the principal section 'jutlcred hi the hall was dairy produce, which comprises butter, e'Stts bacon, anti cheese. Generally speak- ing the quality was highly satisfactory, but it was noticeable that iii regard to "bacon and eggs--two important departments on the- farm- the competition was small. .Sub j-tantial prizes are offered in these clnkscv nnd the entiies received were disippoint 'iiijr. In butter anti cheese, howevei, there was mou livalry mnomt makers, and the " U*nilt was n . creditable display. Ale*>si«. 3-auterhach Hi others', of ' Woodside, are always to the. fore with export butter. Jn the cIas-> for oil Hi. of liuttfjr. in boxes fit for shipment and Iodised with the sec- retary six weela» ptior to the show. Messrs. Lautet bach had opposition . from seven maker.*-, but they Aveie placed first with Dfj points out of a possible 100. The jiidfte (Vi*, li Hansen, of Melbourne! lived * points as follows:-Por flavor 45, textura 2\ color 10, f-altin-r 10, und appearance 10, i nnd Messr-.. Lauterbach lostr tbiee for flavor and one for textuic.. The Gambier Produce Company, of Alonut Gambier,.; gained second, award with au exhibit for: which thev secured 95 points, lo- inpc the hame number as the winner for flavor and *. tcxturc.and one for appearance. -Mr. S. , *' W. Dickson, of Pctersbuig. Mas one jioint . off third, havitis gained one point nioic than either o£ the? other« for flavor, but losf. three for texture, ¡md one for folor, the butter beinjr too white*. All the «..*?-. hibits weie of v high gruie tht lovu*t points gnned bv am i\lnbit beni' 80 ihieflv throiuh fuiltv lhvoi Tin. i idgf rermuK'd - "sunphs on the annti ol higli stand TI d md unifonntv \\\ iib * ft pomt« Aiessi I antirb ich vvcte id- udg< A the vvinntis in the class foi 58 lb of t\ pott butter pieptrul with Castle suit two ?point» cub buiis lost for flavoi mil ti.*, ture Tin. sum, makin «-ecmul «(loud1 awird vvrMi au point Its- losing au i\ti » I point for llivor Mc-'is r-vioi Pio<-,' of Otvvlei i mud oil In st ivvatd foi lush I butitei fiohi mtnv co írpetitor- gun mg Ofi points i- follows -lhvoi 42 tt\ j tim. 21, «oloi silting and appcai une 1ft i cub Mi I« 1 inihvsui vva-, s<cmd v\ thiOi point the points g une 1 bung tin vu nu is bv Messt f. 1 ivlm, cvipt tint one mote vv is deducted fu salting Jin thud aw nd ive it to Mf *i-s Tu loi Hu« with 01 points liit ithti (\hibits vv>i clo e np mid Mr II uisen icmnrkul thitl the bullei hown in th it class vi-is of i\emt.o hull grui« Mi*" P Neun s i\ ¡ hitit of 7 lb of flesh J! ni\ bull"! \\\i jiliccd first *iiii()iir lmiifid < uti its OT f poipt$ bing "onfel wini« AI<s *s I IJiVH <X. *-01 s vvtn s tun 1 with <)-! Q(iuth Tastern uiaku-» m ihti-i wnt pi nu tient m the 1 cut <'iss mid tin ^ ihl ( j ".rorative^ lut m -was iw tided ht«t with I Hie Gleiie-ti < o ipi> itive Iictoir thud I For 2 cwt ni huso t ic \dtlndc C nillid I ¡faster anl I'rxlu c (ampin, wis pim I . BW! ilt-^i I autcrbtth Bros and I several others. Competition in hen eggs wa - small. Mr. ti. Wnlki-r securing inst and fccconij. The judge pointed out thitt the two doz-ii. hi-n eggs winch seemed Ii ist award weighed TI o/... but ili.it tlic hei-oi'd e.\|jibii. wi'i-tliinii li-">i o/.. was U'tt.'i ».taget!, und would h.ivt- ¡lorn pl.iied on top bad the different n, m weight been only two 01 thii-c ounce-*. lu facLoiy eured bacon the Milang But on Facloiy w i.s the f-'uU» exhibitor, taking' Iii st foi full sides or flitches i."> cwt.). and also winning Mt. A. J. Murray'1* silver cup for 10 cwt. of bacon. >)f the 10 cwt. Mr. Hiuise-ii re niPrlted:-'"Bui-on of good average i]uiililv for local immediate consumption, but not first clu-s tin e.\\]iort «n for keeping." Tin' same f.ie-lory ul<-o. to-'I* the pti/.i- foi l*J ¡innis of good average quality; for. rolled b.ic.n (1 cwt.). which the judge siii'l was of fine qualitj ; and »or six ham'- and 2 cwt. of bacon. '.'.Iii-: LIST. .TuiljfC-Mr. is. llnn-cii. üititiM, fi'*<ah, 3" lb.. Tudor Bro«. (1 and .'!): If. J. Kinluv-eii. 7 11'., Mis. J. Vemer; P. Davis !: <cm : A. J »awi», .lu lb., in keg.-:, eiibe?. or tin-, tit 1er «?\\-port, LUUCITIKUII Bros.; Gambier Pioduie Cuiimanv ; s. W. in*ton. Titf 11'.. in case»- or Uni, lit for c\rort, open to all crciiiieriei, fattorir*, and pi Ivan» daii-ii«: who have wert "Castle" eura fine ilairv suit in the pieptru tion of. tbi» exhibit. Lautet bach Uro«, l.'liiv-c. Yahl Cu-ijiciativi'C-oinp.'iiiv: C. and Jl. Ci- iiipiiiiy. Intuited: 'Adelaide t\ mid B. Cuníj am*: Gli'iit-.f C. and U. Comi.iii.v-. Uara», he-is', li. V,\\.,IK".. (1 mid 21; CUrfco and AVowlvard. Kiii'l*»-'. A. \V. Miill.i ltcor. B.inni. farm ivred, J. 11. Sniilli (1 um\ ï\\. ILiniF, pork, f.mn euri».', ¡lum pijs that han» bee» raised and "fattened ,bv exhibitor. J. D. M'tith; I.-auttrbarli Bro«: Chec*o. 2 evvi.. AiU-Uid« C. and J!. Omipanv ; Juiutcrbach Brg*. .* THE EXHIBITS. TÍIJ-: RJCILAKD ¡-H-EXCEll (JARKiAGE .\\\1) AVAGGOX MAXDFACTUlllXU COM PAX Y. The exhibit of both plenum o and busi- ness vehicle-« made by the Kichaid Spence Carriage and Waggon Manufaetui ing Coin, pany was piobnbly one of the most ex tensive and plousing exIuMts of its kind ever shown, as it comprised »onie new .>tylt'si in lioth ple.-iMii e rind hns-incsi vehicles, especially the hitter. Amongst the pleasure vehicles two English four, wheel dog-caits were seen, similar in "every respect to the one for which this com- pany guincd ii gold medal at the last exhi- bition. The bodieb are built of ¿ojid wal- nut thioughout. and are iitted with deep curved top panel» of the sume material. The foreenrriages are foiged frtmi mild »steel throughout, the cart beiujr iitted with long-distance axles and easy- ruling: eliptie springs. Mes.*r*j. Mungan & AVright's well known rubber tyre-- en-niie the acme of comfort. The trimming is in the be-it English leather, whilst the underp.iits arc exquisitely painted, combined with th« highest grade workmanship and finish, giving these carts a most nttinctive ap- pearance. Several Abbott buggies were »bown, .all of which fully upheld the com pnny's good name for this el.*« of vehicle. There weie several express and KOSH bug 2¡es .staged. - The latter, having beconu most fashionable, vi ill no doubt attract attention and íeadily find puri-ha«ers Among the lighter vehicles several Mamiei and .Sidebars _ were «-ecu, and what iiiiuie dintel} culled'for inspection vicie pon* i»idebai-s, suitable .-for ponies of about 1: hands. , T¡ie¡*e "vehicles weie bcautifull) finished oil-, and would soon lind favor will uny parson de- firing a vehicle of this clu-s, The «porting section were also well witera for by the .company, who had on'exhibí ¿wo Hunnlxnits. They are cxùemel' light, but »liongly built-giving the utmo» degree of tomfoit. They aie also 'suitiibl for a business niau requiring to inövi about the city "quickly. Theil» were «eve ral new rtylea of sulkies in thi-* splendii array, und they were well north, inspect ing". Among .the business vehicles di* played by tin's* company were several Eup lisli farm waggon», one of which dcservei special {mention. The body is lightly bu strongly buik, the', axle» aie Gillpin' English, the wheels, though Iitted wit wide tyre«, arc exceptionally liglit, 'tin' haye thoroughly rounded felloes. ' Tit whole Waggon, 'does not weight more the»: I ton; and is suitable* for windy'district! i?cvernl of the company's well-know Tabletop waggims -Aveve al«o -exhibitec Thev* tame into great demand on ac'-Cour. of the better facilities for louding andt als greater! floor space- than in an ordinal waggon.v ' The company, who have bec noted for their improvements on -vehicle had «nu' display a tip faim waggon, whit i« amongst the first'of ita lund. li» vehicle N eonstmeted:'similarly to an En lieh farm waggon, »but by uni ingenious"« vier» the body i-> auieklv niid'cnsily tippei discharging it,« load instantaueouslvwUh out the least exertion of the operator Tliis style of Waggon can be recommended and the niakeut think it should entile!} déplace the ordinary fixed btjdy waggon Several of these waggon!; -have alreat1> been sold ibj-the company, and they have good report*} . from all pul chasers, ¿several styles of can iei s-", trollic-t and dray' demonstrated the standard of excellence at tained by the, company. in regard to work man ship apel materials. Ohe could not liuss -without noting 'with satisfaction a >etjof Waggon wheels . finished in theil natural'woods. The naves' and spokes of ironbark and the felloes of' Xew South AVnles bluegum, clearly, showed the quality of the timbéis and the high-classi workman« ship ni the company'v pioducts. An in- spection, of' the company's- large faetorie: and showroom-, situateil ¡it Cuion and Grenfell streets, city, is invited. The pre- cision with which the vehicles are manu- factured by a, selected t-taff of «-killed mechanic* offers the fullest assurance' thav al¡ orders placed with this firm will re- sult in procuring thoioughly lcliabhs vehicle-*.-.. . . A DISPLAY OF CYCLING Visitors to the Show will find Elliott Bros., of Norwood and Payneham, are showing a complete range of the renowned Elliott cycles, which are built to suit all riders. They are located in the basement on the right-hand side of the entrance. Motorists contemplating purchasing a new machine should make a special effort to see the 1912 Abingdon-Ecco Motor Cycle, now available. Many minor improvements have been fitted, making the machine second to none. There are several models, includ- ing a two-speed and three-engine machine. The Abingdon motor is made by the same factory as the famous King Dick wrench and bicycle fittings, and holds many re- cords, including first prize for fastest time in the speed trials, a record which remains unbeaten in this State to- day. On view is also a motor cycle, built with Arno mo- tor parts in the firm's factory. Amongst other things in the exhibit is a sample Fitzsimmons petrol drainer, and special at- tention is directed to the Auto-Lux light, which lights up the stand. MESSRÍ*. DU'l'UlI BROS. '.Well made, of .pood material, arid tho- roughly adapted fen-, tbe inirp.f-es ot their dc-igu," H u c1 tim Me*»r-.. Dutch lho*-.. of Mount lltikei. **-uutli Au*-tl'nlia, ande on beh-il,' of the machinery they exhibited. It comprised their patent pea. t!in*-'itng, cleaning, 'tiiil bagging machine. rireul-iv siw beuche-, chart 'litter.-, arti corn grin- der*. The pea t'irf-hing machine on view w.w in operation last season on the firms, 'and treated upwards of 2.000 bags ot pe-is, with g.atnviiig re-ult- ,\ photo .-lio.vci tile -nat unco..eiatmg on a -tuck o; pea-, t'ie piodutt li oin .SO,leu- ot lind. Ila*- <>< tupied onlj two ilav-, which I- a gnat .icliievtiueiit «hen it j- uah-cj that undi" t it old -v-teiti <u tliu-liing a -itiiil.il stack would ot upv ¡.oin tiio ttS ¡lu e week-. t,inl v. -»lilli be -ubit't't to n-k o' lo thioiigli wet vviMt.in intet veiling «nile titi« pe.us »eie 1\ m«s on tile* ti" ii Wit i t ii advent o. -neil .1 thie-lung tiaeliinc, pia g. jwei- aie emhlcd foii- ule-i.ttlv to m c c.i-c tile ai et 01 I lea (ion- now In- cline ulu ni tliH-iiii). and (leming ins hern »licet«-¿tilla viveuomi* Oi incuLu -a\ lu idle- «lui cult tig lu i wutul. t*n -i/i- in:.' «Iio.vn, tot ivii-itii t te li-ni -t ttt'd tliev li al u good de'i'.intl, ovmg to til. ngid cutt-tiuctitm of t.ie-e ii lennie-, and Lie atlvantigf o' t ouveitiii- them into ,i nppiu¿ down saw lic-neli. In tia« uituu f'u-ture of cltalUiittcis. the "MonueY* ic-ttin*. tie high'lepitMtioii it li«-, ginned foi jit'tfeet H'Ctling. t't-e oi liuinilig. ni *i e unifoiin -.tanple or eliail. -uni -plentlid dt hign and (ousliuction t'uoie/.iout. Po-e ing tlte-e tlf- ti.t'.ile featut t-.* thev find a leith «die. On view nl»j mvio the 'atiuc" Com Guiidet«. wlnrii aie m ide jil vjiiou« «i/e«, and aie adaiited ,ot giuid'iig a'l kimi« of gi.lin to auj tlegtec oi tim-nc-s. Thftj.peci.il ieattfit« in thi'-f inac-hllit'- l the contiiiiiou- feeding dev ice. wiucii keep« a e-on-ttnt «upplv of giitin to t.*e minding plate«, tim- pi ulonging the lue. The exhibit tluoughout math a md«t ci editable displa.v. .SOUTH AL'STTIALIAX FAllMIÍRts' CO . OPERATIVE UX10X. The display of agricultural iinploiuents by the S.A. Em mer«.' Co-operative Union was of a (iniipi-chen-ire i-lmuie-tei. al- though tin- ifstrii-ted .space ¡iii'ciiideii the entire lint- ot implement» ¡i» hjindltil by the» company being ¡»bown. Arraugcd iii a prominent position weit» the "Potter" oil engines, which ure said to lie prodigio in power., and to excel in t\»»y miming. These eiiginea ¡ire s-imple und get-at-able, and their »y-lem of working and »imple. -meelianic.il methods <lo not require the U'lial liuinber- 'of valve», levers, iminps. and other complications. The maker.« are proud of their efforts Jn the development of the oil engine to it« present highly .practical »tate. In this work they claim 'to have 'made a recorel as leader», in- troducing in rapid Micco-vum innovations that have made Messrs. PetterS, engines winner»- in the luce for public favor. Dis- played conspicuously ^verc .the "Fuller and John.son" double ellieieney petrol en- gine«, which lui ve won the appreciation ol users for ^simplicity and convenience. Jn all features of convenience-and ac- cessibility they ¡ire in a class by them- selves. Each engine is guaranteed to be of first-clasji material and workmanship, and to'-develop .more tuan its,rated horse- power. The combined qualities arc dura- bility, economy of fuel, tip-keep., ease ot opeiiiiion. etlicient-y. and the amount of power developed. ' The ,£ui*ui pump en- gine was displayed driving i-eyeral pumps and hatid-powcr machine*, dénionstrating the abibty to work .steadily and efficiently under the' severe conditions of out-of-door use. Primarily the engine is designed to replace windmills, as tin» unccrtaii of* the "wind itself is a factor to be r lined, -stock in the hottest weatl perishing for »water, a"? the wind pov is not uviiiluble. The cost is will eu^v 'reach, and they ¡ile economical inn, shncly und persistent in 'wliatcw they, are put to do, and ready in air ¿taut whenever needed. The»e engir haye been so rigorously tested under f morí» severe conditions than they wot ever be called upon to meet in actual m that .a guarantee of almost unheard breadth and liberality is extended. The ''Federal" harvester is charact« ised by i.t* extreme simplicity , of po fctruction. its highest point being on a little above the tyre of the drivin wheel. It is extremely light in drangh ?.all .cumbersome ""complication« are d: penseif with, and the construction »imply a damp weather »"tripper rind wi newer, with a graiu->box and bagger coi hi ned. The stripping parts alone a: driven '.by belting, aud the winnowir parts by "only one chain. The nuiehii is »old with the definite undetsttuulir that -it will fulfil every promise 'mad and will do the work- for which it intended satisfactorily. During the pa' five yeais the demand has exceeded til supply, and late ordering had to be di dined. It ia superfluous to, reicr to th "Mitchell"' drill as being .made in Au; tialia by Atistralian artisans, as the mi clune is'kuown throughout the Auatialia «States, warranted to be- reade of good in* temi, ¡uni to do good work, which . i backed up with the uuikeis' warrant*. The nanni "Mitchell" has won the at pieci-ition and confidence oE the farmer ¡by sheet* merit and «jualjty. The manu .fucturers' aims- ¡indi, desires were first und always/ quulity, never endeavoring t meJut e-ouipetition by. cheapening or de ceiviiig. and the result. is a machin, highly eoiwmeivdcd' by users for its higl standard of quality, doing the work tho roughly, satisfactorily, and economically Worthy of inspection was the "t'ontinen tnlV- binder, built to give service «in -satisfaction. There aie many feature: that 'contribute towards niiikhtg the ma c'n'tiq the great Micee-s-» it i». There ii not a radical,, freakish, or experimenta jMtt. and it is notable for good, clean cut, trim, simple, and perananent con »traction. The binder .should appeal tt .ill lu miers, and particularly to those who do not allow price to dominate, but who measure their 'purchase's by re- sults. Jsatismetofy performances in the field in all kinds of grain and soil con- ditions hive established au enviable re- putation. The "Globe" mowers- arc light, lompact. and in every way per- fect and satisfactory machines, aiid will give years of hard woik. being built ot the best material in every imHance. lu the "Globe" lny-iukes thwe are few parts. In a word, they are sirfiple, strong, and durable-really important point» in a rake. -Convenient und en.-.v tii operate, they ulway» handle the light- est oi* heaviest crop*.-ia a good, clean, áUtihfuctorv manner. Douptless the first cost of the "l'ea cocjv" disc plough may cause »onie con- sideration on tin» pait'of the fannel, hut they are not expensive to maintain, di'* 'pensinii with inouldboards. point**, or .shut e«. to break or wear out, as they ure not Used in fibs construction.. Tt works in hard land, with no hanging under loot*. it turns a pe»feet furrow, leav- ing the ground thoroughly pulve»»s»»d. In tiash and weed« it cut** eveiytlung be loto ¡t and turns it under. It is one of the bc"-t geneial purpose plousliß on the market. The "King'' disc plough«* are lighter in construction, and adapted for lighter country, and' ¡ne extensively Used in IIIP noithcrn areas. It» li.u» an adjustable frame, the disc« being ad- justable to" u variety of angles to give moie or le«s grip foi* varying condition» of soil. Simple in construction^- the .wearing parts ure gieutly reduced in num- ber. Tue t-tcidy .demand for o ne-wa y tli-t tultivittii« i- -til iiiianatt'il lia1 field .tifoitls tin« ti-t ti oin which it would lie idle to anpea!. ami the good li «lilt« o! tit.« impiemt lit hive atti.utcd tin« al tenlion oí tbo-e who .tie .title to judge' tilt- IlllU-lllllf'« flT-iCtiV eui «« It vi Oik« vine lentlv in fallow 01 «tubble lund, pul-1 vet'-e« tlie -in tace -"ii de-'tnii« weeils. .'.ml lt'tvt- behind a good ititi line tilth to leet'ive the-ceil It 1- w i"ltl\ .uirt iiaclitlrle", and the iii ivor lia« lull "loutit»! of the depth 01 -billowne««* of the wotU llieie i- ta-v iliatigiit. with litcilititM lor alleinig the angle oi gang oi tli-e« A ?\aiieti tli-plitv wa- made ot «-until - fal- low 'iig .uitl. i ultiv it.iic. ]>lougli- and im- plement«, the iiiudint« of tlie \idio««.ui fitcti'U llu taeiblv Im adpi-ting fie tiinulillmiitl and tbp of the -han« wa« i lt>ng-lt!t H'fiuiieiiieiit. now «iinpblu'il. ami the 1012 pattern «Miibi.i'*e« tlit'-e «¡ilieiil point«. Lser« uiurrutlgiimh «tate ih.it lol «tipngth. siinplieitv dm ab btv. ami light tliauglit the implement« are liiisur pti'-ed Altogttlie«! the exhibit wa« a I>ta i-ti di«plH\ of faiiunig mat hmciv. and the union hi«, -pant! no o\pm- to ktep .tinea«! ut tile turn«, olleintg i>.ttion« tin' bt-t that fini be innimet! Ml ^1.*- ( II MILI -'Mil' 0\ \\\TD t OMI* WS In tin íiiiin ii ill w t« t «II mlid i xitilut i>\ Mt-«i« (nirie« \\\ ílkox iV. oinpim Tin lubtilu tin,ii «tim tloi« foi wine li tin*, iii ni ne the «oh t^int in S., ut i Au« tnln vv.tc «bown to idv ml i.'t, VII tht Government cxntiini i ii finn« m *» with \>i«ti iii i ne u«ing I » bu ii- w th ex eel'tnt i(«ult« 1 tibul ir- ti in u«e al the tapTinif ut ii finn« it lxvbvoohtc ruuptlitltl nid" Hw ionio vu t'«o it t'lt ho-cworthv Ajiiultm ii toll t lio« ,miripin wa« tw iidi <-' lu«t DU/P it th» R(i\ ii \gi le ililli al *-oci'tv s Shot ii Vl'l '.Tubular" Sepai-atoi. Tlie manufacturers are always improviiiii these machines, anti thev have now nut on the market a new tvnc of "Tubnlai," which in claimed to Tie perfection in it«clf. Tlie agents- (Messrs. Charles0* \Villcox and Co.) aie offering a 20 -pin- cent, vetluc rion in the Brices of these separators dur iti'j; Show week onl\\. and those who.reed a separator «honltl not miss tbi« opportn tunitv of ' in«neoting the exhibits of the firm. Messrs. Charles Wilk-ox &. 'Co. are exhibiting all farm and dairy appli- ances and requisite*«, including iC snecéil line of seanilebs cream anil milk can*-. 1 lau- sen 's Danish dàirv preparations, for whien tbi« firm sire sole agents:* "Luotofariim" calf food, and ininierous other lint'*, are al-«1 displayed, which together make a complete and interestina exhibit to tlie former and dairyman. , MESSRS. JOHX SHEARER & SONri.^" Messrs. .John Shearer & « Sons, Kil kenny, had their exhibits near the lfrome rotnl entrance. A great ' number of fin-- j ,iners interested in agriculliual machinery of an up-to-date- character inspected riie extensive display of the firm. lOxtcn-ùve addition« and imprpx'eineiits have been made at their Kilkenny Work«, on ' ac- count of'the-largely inereasee^ demand, for their implements.'- Shearer'.« .ploughs, fitted with patent foot piece and share«, patent lifting .device, and concave moitld boaril-s. havCftbeen pronounced by the thou- sands of farmer«, 'Using them a pleasure to work with..'.on- account of tlie' ease ex- perienced in handling and the good -work they do. Whilst every attention has been given to, stability in .' construction by using the best of spring steel 'and other materials in these ploughs, the object has been to .«-eeuro good ploughing by tho- roughly pulverising the soil. ThR with the extreme lightness of draught, has made Shearer's ploughs famous throughout the 'Commonwealth. . Three different shares »til be fitted to the paring pl.uighs. There is the paring share, with clip and one bolt, and' short land-aide »hare», which are cheaper than the former, and are fitted with two bolts, and have a short landsidc, which strengthens the share. Plate shai*¡ can also be fitted on the same foot by those who have light and comparatively clear Lind. This firm also showed« »of I centié mouldboards, with-hardened' surface, "of différent patterns, which are iitted to ploughs if ordered with such. These inouidboiii-ds are n great improvement for sticky land, and will be found to last much longer than the ordinary board, where the 'land is gravelly. They also make ploughs with the »ame material and lifting device as the ¡luring plough, but fitted- with P. shares, and convex nwmldboards/ which arc suitable in ground thal does not re- quire so much 'pulverisation. These are preferred by some farmer« for stiff land. The boards'on these ploughs arc the,firm's own designing/ and after ni»ch experiment- ing are recommended lo tiles'» who lind the convex board and P. share a».! table to work their land. Another inipleineiit that claimed special attention from the farmers in new country wuï> the Y-shaped culti- vator. The»e ¡ire being Used extensively for first and -ecoud cropping. The imple- ments ure made of the hot »pring steel throughout to withstand rough usage, and being made on the V-shape principle" it- i» almost iiii'H>»»ible for theni to choke with rubblish. The thin also exhibited 8 mid 10 lurroii- cii'ltivuting 'ploughs. Tutye ure principally u.-ed for turning back fal- low or light ploughing, an implement that u funnel- in a dry district 'cannot afford to be without. These implements have a fine record in the field, having, curried off fir»t honors in most,of the principal field trials, for years.," The ''Shearer" patent one-way disc cultivating ploughs, fitted with bj'idle draught,»received great atten- tion from farmers from all parts of thi» State. It is claimed by ii.-cr» of thi» im- plement on new land that it pays for itf-elf in two' year» owing to it cutting 90 per cent, of the mullet' shoot» ¡mil dealing ef- fectively with rubbish on the lund. . The firm hilve received »cores ol' unsolicited testimonial» from every purt of South Aus- tralia and Victoria. The special !c:iiures of these implements ¡in» that the discs cut one way, and each disc jumps indepen- dently. The implement i» absolutely -truight i »inning, and liebig fitted with high wheels they clear the tiibbi-h. besides being light in draught. These implements are al»o fitted with paient relea-e »pring draught, with a huge coil tension .spring. The wearing part» are reduced to a mini- mum, ami having an entirely free direct action it is not subjected to ¡my jumniin^ strain so common to »pring dimmlil-. The firm have these implements working in the i-oiighe.st l.inrl in this State, and li.ivc never had a «pring break on any of their implements. The linn's ,|*ai- cultivating ploniih secured iii--t honors »i the Purtakie field tiial in Kebruury hist ¡uruin-t eight competitors, and la-t month they sevuivil first honors at the ( ¡eiuniitm fit-Id tj***|t. Farmers ¡ne cordially invited to tn-|K«<-t j tile linn's up-to-date'r'uttorv al Kilkemi.v. ! tlie product ol' which have been piueiicuiii j theil- only advertisement n-cd in building j uji their evtetisiie trade, which is ihc ! largest in »tump-jump plough.- in Att-'i-.t- , lia. Fiu-mei» -hoitld leniomlie:- wnen ' linking their purchases for plouirh or cul- j tivuting iuipl»im»nts that this linn'.- mi- i plcmeiif« are ¡ill made t" template. Then- I tore, there ¡s no vi-Mtiou» delay in piocin- I ing duplicate part-. .n.I large stock- j ol' Silent cr'» tanioiis -h.tics ¡ii-,'- kept in j »tock al Kilki-tin.v. and .ill the country j storekeepers and men-hum.- ,il-o ,-tock I them. TI1K FAlîMEll»-' AXi) PKOl'UlT.ItS' ,' SUPPI.V COMPANY. The e.\hib:t by the Funnel«* and PIM ditcers' .-apply < (»mpi,iv ,,, t;". ;MM.nieiii compn-i-'l live different If»12 moiiel- of the Maxwell niotoi- cut. nom a .'ti-l-.p. family tounii-* '«-.ii to ;i bMi.p. tuiiubtitt. * The Maxwell lepifseiits the acme of si,ice ¡Hid beauty, and hits ull enviable leputtitioii" for reliability, durability, and economy ol opet-.-ition. and i- one of the iuo-l modélate pi'ied cars in the world. The Maxwell has several reeotds to it» credit. It is the winner or the f.irnou« "(¿liddon" tour of l.-t.>4 mil«*»- over 1Md roads, and ream« Mined ICO pet cent, efficiency ail the way wit! fi" other coiito-t-int-s." The 'Ma-»* vveli broke ali previous '-fficipncy 11 cord?. and headed th" list with .« perfect acore. M' w«. i\,r- lotiv»»-' . Bxiced car in, the event, and is claimed te« j 1 th lind «nutt ri leider -i ]QU % loll lovuiu on tin- th. Mixntll won the (»it til \ iii.nil loin tin \iithi«oii fiopit -uni «tvtial ili\i«ion pu i, ill witli i | if it «nut Pit Mixuill HI« il«o «ubjPttetl to a lum «Uip lull or UM lJ mil ni Itiivtl'tl throtühoiit tin (illili distiiicc* w lliont a mont nt« it-t mil tiling in, it .>« than it 'i«« md di bimi« lit in ttiiif letiiuis (ti the Mtxwril luve <li xt loped povui n tin-t cn« to the iitnio-t, w hilt tin liotlv ind ginini di «ogiis lit iinon_' tlie katiti- m mott i ft Ilion . Viiotlni txlilnt m tin- etnipmv nt»t t<» tin Mieliimn Hill (ompii-id tilt ' lb iti-h Pitt oil uni pt liol (iiginc* both stiiioiniv ml | oi I ibl wliiin in di« ubi d t« Ing'mtl« htt-t tnunipli ia the < ivmtt ung w iltl uni tin fun st in _IUP- evti impoiUd into \u-ti ibu Hie Pitt nunn i- -unpl t ltv il-elf ml mi ultil t ngiiM foi Hit fin net -lit ep «lu nmg j emití letm iittlotllft usii« of pono win1 jKttl in i ncini wini li tut oin iti('llv it! I jli-t« lt«elt io «ut ming If id« lilli tlo mt ttpiiii Cn ittention if a «-'--lUt I niirbiiili \u illili tain tit oi tin ion pim in flic ni it billi iv -Pttion romptisi ii tin Vthohoii \ Monow LIHOU lui" vctei 1 mon dull, di«t tultivitoi Venn Otu tn binder ' Vi IUP mow ti in\ Itpiitlit« Tillie sfpiiittn*. tvt for ill til wini h tin tonipiinv lit «oh igen!« in Sitith \n«ti"iln MOTO It .OAKS. The well-known finn of Duncan nnd Fnicer, who muk among the pioneer« io the motor trade in thi« State and who claim to have a «tib-tuntiiil leatl over all eoni petitoi«. in regard to the number of ears fold, exhibited an a«=orloieiit of motor e-.-n*« which for exeellesiee and variety was well in advance of pieviou« shows. The Ai-gyll Company,'.« manufacture.« weie n* pi-e«''nted by ti line* «ppcinien "f the ''Fly- ing Fifteen." a 1.) b.p. four-cylinder .tour ina ear. which is aptly described as ,i worthy, exponent of Hriti«li superiorit,- in engineering, and a pt.iductiou of whivli the inakeiv -should be proud. Ii iJ fitted with 81.5 x lO.ï tvre«. Cape cart hood, folding wind «ereon, &C.; anti is painter! and uphohteied in green. The body ha« a smooth^ «»ml giacoful appearance, i« ox ceptioually comfortable, and the !ini«h i abovc critici«m. Among the most recen*; improvements introduced by the Argjll Cbinpanj i« the ' «¡tuple sleeve valve engine, the advantage« ejf which are ab- sence of noKe and vibratjon at all speeds, perfect coolina; anti lubrication, increased flexibility and reliability, fewer working 11 ill til i liitt 11 an' ii - tu I in on r I mi MUK i- ni ¡ <i\ ci \ li bp ni - « x liiielt t "-Hnd.nJ next ti unit a lutitition In 1. l-l» built i H - fitted with l ti mill. tJipctli ii nlv uni ble ill «-tin rltiil in« i« «in ; beti w t!i tiela 'uni ^-illili wlcil« < i pt rm lui I ilil'ii-, J i 11 C1 i.1 i« | ti 1 P 1 jen 1 111 i i «i i s til it nu oi t »ni'tiU in! itil t ?«tintín l . ti« wt it u t ti hv the hi u uni Otu t» u tlie ir it en Imbin tun Phi I >ul MI« tin mo«t pipirln e*n in tin ¡inn s t «c'liliil« no tewti t'i i i tlitcc «j ee ¡neu.« mei «li »i i 1 lie Mod! 1 tom nu 'ii t i «t it fixe pt i in« wi li ( tot tint lund "I i « «tii(*i pin if «ni lim])« tul ¡a up pt! . i tlvltiu he* iel Jubl tin! "tim it u n t limul ititi uiilcigi ternilla ixi A li c i i« «up,ltd it til low post o 12T> it el limul i-o ne without i m>j for low pnet itlitnihn mil eronomv 1*1 uL>! t i> \ «< eo le! 1 i d < !n««i- wis ñ ttil wit li t tingle -eil d Nu toi 11 pli "em bodv of Mi««i« Dunelm nd I » i»t i -, >wn minuit i tute punir d I limb guv nil i iliol«ftictl in In »vin lln« tn w i« mult r> tin oitki of Di Milxnv o' Rio'tn Hil1 and w i« in ex i < Unit «in mun if loe i1 wuk '?»till in o bel loll with i both of Mt s«r« Dune in t\\. ! i in i * OMI t >n*-t iiit tion was on Mt w ft li id i Uvt-tiVii «pei ii t ipctlo liitlv built to tin lum- own c1 »ign. was painted gleeu, and upholx'.o'-'.'d in g¡ een. and in construction and li nish it left little to be desired. .\ novelty in motor vehiclps in the .shape of a motor ambulance rni'riazo VVM«; also -shown. This -wa« designed and built i to replace the horse ¡imoulynce which tho I (irïu has had jn use for some year», and ? being fitted with the most modern ap ! »limites, it ¡s anticipated that foi» com- fort, speed, ¡uni gctiei.il adaptability tv the woik it will fur surpass anything yet provided in this State for the ivinveymiee oí sick or injured person». The inert-a-ùnc* popularity of the Ford car» i» ev ¡dent-cd by the fact that the output .for the year 1312 will reach 75.0(10 cur.-, whilst '-Axe actual shipments of these ears to Adelaida dtuing the past twelve months has totalled 2Í>1. KI ¡idditioii to which over IÎ0 huve been sold io arrive. MESSRS. Dl'XCAX &. FRASRR.'S VJiHTCXES. W'tlt each succeedint; j ear the display ef vehicles provided bv Me«,-is. linnean and Frazer increases in number, variety, '.¡uni excellence, and it may be safely said of this year's exhibit that it. was the best yet staged. Rttggie» wprrv-hown in considerable number», including Rosa, Aobr.tt. side-bar, Michie, Angus. Corona-1 tion. and Marni, and the prospective ern«- j tomer who could not find one "among the varied a««ortment to suit hi« special le epiirt'inent« would lie hard to plea«p. Th* ¡n;'ie;e-ing popularity ol' the sulky wa« ieengni«(;ei bv a good show of that tyne oi vehitie. Jxing Dick of Road. Ion/ «li.it., Day. and «tick-«catcii «ulkies being lépie «ento'.l. E.-.pres-\ «tiek-«eal expie--, vil- lage phaeton. iiia«hcr tîi-ay. and pony cift were al! int-lutle-d in the- display. A de- livery Min built to the order oi Nestle'-! .Milk Company for their Ki- oke'i Hill '»ranch wa« on view, and with it< hue finish and neal lettering attracted atten- j tion, wbil-t a second deliverv van manu- factured for the Monaie-h La ii ii lev was al«o an excellent example of thti-t ela«« of work. Abmy of the x-cllieles were fitted witli loiig- tii«ita«iee axlce al-o liriti-b tvi<-, maiiiifactured by the North liri tish Pub- lier Company, which have proved «o u-.; ful 'ill niliuriet -to the lieht and e.i-y run- ning of all clu-tse-t ol' l>h*íi*-ui-e tiiip*. All loiir- whet'led vehiclo« «liown were supplied with Hratllev's rpiiek-ehiinge «oupli'ig-, by uip.'ins ol' which a change from «batt« to pole, or vice versa, can be effected iu a few f-eeoni!« i'lid .vitli a minimum ft tiouble, and all .«cat« wei'e fitted with «¡pring cushion--. An in-peetjoii- of til-- ex-1 h'bi't proved conehi-ivoly that the uritevial j aifd workmanship were of the highest j Ouali*}. A variety of lhii«h wa« iniro- | rbie'ctl, some of the-traps bei/tg painted, | whilst other-" di-plaved the n.itmul w.-i.ti varnished. Jn every ins'tatiet1 where the laKef occurred Australian timber wa« used, as tlie local wood« are eminently suited to this ela*s of work, and the ;irni invuriab-y ui*e thom whei-e «uit-ible in pr-j ife-renc-e to the imported article. « . . . .r. U. RA-MSAY & CO. This firm again occupied their usual po-~; tion hi the machinery section. Prominent among their exhibit w«s tile Xoxon Hinder." containing all i»te improvement«. Xoxon mowers of dilfercnt sizes weie also .shown. The Xoxon mower contain* all the.good points of >ill 'veil-known, mowers: the fact of tile Adelaide Corporation working tlu'ç.* ol' these machines «tamps them a» .tligt class. Cbii'mpion nll-éteel self-acting rakes wprc also exhibited. The Waterloo Bav petrol engine _wus shown.. bft-n'de.--- Peoría grain drills. Xoxon etilttv.itoi-.. Ran-nmes and 0owarct ploughs, garcïen? tools. &c.; ALW.IX FLSÜHER & SOX.S.' Af- n-unl, this finn were to the front with a number of novelties in their noecial lines. conspicuous amongst which was at new de-1 sign of bath-heater, which appealed to care- ful buyer*. The heater is 'constructed in Mich a way that by the unscrewing of two ] nuts evpry part i» iead:ly accessible in case of repair».. In the heater constructed for coal g-.i» there i» in addition an arrange- ment wbtrebv the iclative positions of water-in and outlet can be changed to any one of »ix position» by the .slackening and lightening ot a nut. An ingenious combi- nation cock wa» al-o -shown, and is a dis- tinct advance on any previously exhibited. The ivalerooek i» on,the high-iny-sure prin- ciple .ind operated t'jc go-cock by presäurc ITS the .-pindle turned. A distinctive fea- ture of the cock i» a regukrtiitg valve for varying pie.--ure* and an attachment which en.T.oléb the user to obtain water at nnv* desired temperature without neutralising | the ad vintage» of the combination. ' j CLARKE BROS. Me«iis. Clarke Bins., the well-known roach hu ild ei«-. had On vicrw an up-to- date vehicle exhibit, which would be hard to ex-eel for variety, quality, and price. There weie -l8 vehicles exhibited/ On enter-, big Hie i!i«play. one quickly .note.*, the excellent workmanship and "good tpiabtv material« used iu the construction of the vehicles. Amoiigst "the* pleasure i vehicles were two beautifnJl.r-finif.hed ab- holt nuggics of the latest design, one being in the natural wood varnished, and the .other painted green. They were fitted with double nut long distance axles, and the seat* trimmed in hand-buffed buffalo leather, the.wheels fitted with best-quality rubber tiics There vas alfo.a large num i bér of "abbott buggies on view, with and I M itliout rubber tire«. Tlie collection of i osa buggies was excellent. The Eureka, buggies we're «bown JH horse and pony size, and were well finished, and could be had in the natural wood varnished or ' painted. 5-everal »mart rtmaliout buggies ly-cre. on view, fitted .wiÉli nibber tires, a comfort* iible seat, and mounted on easy riding el- liptic »pi iiigs. There was also a . nice exhibit "f m a "i i bi¡*"í»*i m t'-'^'-r^iit p ---es. | several being of new design and well worth,, of inspection, tne nuns ',ve-u-...n,tvn .^de bar,rbuggiek for hor«e or pony attracted a lot of attention. ¿uid xverc greatly admired by all who had the pleasure of going through the exhibit. They were beatiti fullv "finished, and some were fitted Avitii rubber tites. . Five different styles of ex- presses wert* shown, and suitable for town or country use. A large number Of sulkies were shown with and without rubber tires, and could be had in all sizes, either painted or famished. Single-seated buggies in dif- férent styles and designs were also ex- hibited, and were made to seat two or three persons comfortably. DALGETY & COMT-AXY. This firm .had their display at the rea» of the Grand Stand, where they were, a» usual, exhibiting a number oí articles of much interest to the pastoraliet. Promi- nent among these were the Hicks "Ideal" noison cart*; and fire-fighting machine«. The former ' article was most appropriately named, the cart being of simpler construc- tion than other makes, and the fact of it« working being so readily understood give» the greatest satisfaction wherever it is in I use. The cart is alto.made on the sulky pattern, containing a substantial wooden seai. supported bv- strong springs. The Hicks lire-fighter" is specially adapted for fast travelling. *It is always ready in case of emergency, and being constructed almost entirely of steel is thereby safeguarded against ianition whilst at work. Fitted with-'lovv down pumps, and capable of lift- ing 2.0O0 .râlions per hour, the machine was admired by producer*. As in previous vears. a most attractive display was made . of Quibell's sheep dips. The Kocrstz wool- press vvere also on' view, and were well worth inspection. These presses are powerful, durable, and reliable.. Convincing proof of this is shown by the fact that . upwards of 10,000 Koerstz woolpresses are in use nil over Australia. A most interest-, ing exhibit wa» the Np. 6 "Wokelêy" handpiece. the latest improvement in con- nection with the famous "Wolseley'' sheep shearing machines, for which Messrs. Dal- gety & Go. arc »oie agents. Other exhibits included the Renboy paient sheep-branding apnaratus, "Giako ' rabbit killer, and Kciol, the perfect non poisonous disinfectant. -JAMES ROBIXSOX'S BRTTAÍNXI'A FOrJXDRY, ..CTA-WLVER. At the back of grandstand thw well known firm of ploughshare makers again exhibited , a splendid -collec- tion of .cast and steel ploughs, »earilier, and cultivator - shares, no- ticeable among them beinç .their patent steel cultivator »bares to ht the Massey Harris, Deering, Cockshutt, Giant Inter- national, Planet, Xoxon, and all colonial cultivator«. This jdiare has proved itself to be one of the best ever invented and a boon to farmers, as the double ¿»hare, call be. reversed, and a new share equal in weiring to the original is made out Of .the back parts at less than half the firsts cost: The'majority of thri farmers have tested these shares, and have proved by using them they can save up to 40 per cent. These shares are being'sent to all parts of the Commonwealth, anti .the de- mand still increases. The exhibit also m .'ludes a patent ploughshare, with de- tachable steel counter-one of the best in the market for stubble and weedy ground. They also show their Britannia corruga- ted landroller and dry packer. Which is ¡becoming a great favorite, anti scores ot uanmers admit that it is one of the best implements on the farm; in fact, every . farmer .who has purchased one has been so satisfied that he has volunteered tes- timonials. The J.R. hand garden culti- vator, exhibited by this firm, is a ne- cessary implement to economical garden- ing, and from the testimony ot those ?who have used thom the makers anticipate a big run on this implement. There is also a new idea ia narrows, fitted with patent shares. These nhares for harrows are becoming a epecbi favorite with farmers, and are replacing the old pattern chisel barrow, as" they can be detached without taking "the harrow to pieces. During the last HSyears this firm ha* taken over 400 first Erizes, and the collection of silver and ronze medals, including silver medal, .1910 exhibition, is sufficient evidence ot the-judges' opinions throughout the Com -monwealth. ' J. S. BAGSHAW & SONS. Unquestionably it is owing to the deve- lopment of harvesting machinery that tue extension of farming on a large.scale is now-a-days made possible. In past years ,when a man had but antiquated methoas tojivork with, he had to concentrate his efforto on «mall areas, and his ieturns were but indifferent. Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons have done much to help tins extens.oii, ior they have been manufacturing iaim .machinery ever since 1838. Tuey have helped many hundreds of farmers in all States to lessen the cost of farm opera- tions by supplying the best machinery to <io the various work. One had but to inspect their exhibit at the Agricultural Society's Shows to realise that th.s com- pany not only manufactures machinery «suitable for various farm operations, bat manufactures machinery that is reliable and high class throughout. It has always .been the aim of this company to maintain a high .standard so that "Bagshaw" ma- chinery ' would always be consistent with the company's motto, viz., "If worth doing do it well." What better guarantee comet Messrs. Bagshaw ~& Sons have than the fact that they have now been in busine s for 74 years, and to-day are in a position .whereby they are equipped witb_a large, up-to- date factor}' with modern "machine tools and with an output that far exceeds any of their past records. Messrs. Bag- shaw. & Sons are extending^ their lines of manufacture to a great extent, and "recently were the "successful tenderers for 250 rail- way Jbjmcks for the S.A. Railway. Depart- ments Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons' offices and factory are now situated at Victorja street, Mile-End, and for the convenience of their many customers they,have opened a machinery an'd fittings depot at Bentham fctreet, City. This is in the near vicinity of the Post-Office, i 03 and Petrol Engines. The most noticeable amongst the splen- did exhibit of this firri's at ,the show, was an excellent array c. engines.^ Engines of all sizes were shown in operation», and were so arranged that intending purchasers could fully inspect any part of the engine. Messrs.'Bagshaw have 'manufactured -petrol engines for some'years past, and have sent out many hundreds, all of which have given the highest satisfaction. Messrs. Bagshaw were first induced to'manufacture a petrol engine some j*ears ago, when many of their farmer customers enquirtd for an efficient, medium priced, and econo- mical engine for general farm use. They set about and constructed' an engine' that would suit Australian conditions, and ever since the increasing demand for "Bag &hatv;" petrol engines has enabled Me-srs. Bagshaw to instal a modern machine tool plant to epecially deal with engine manu- facture. Therefore the ''Bagshaw" petrol engine at it now stands is quite satisfdctoiy nr-.-every feature,-and~by their appearance are built to withstand hard and con- tinuous work without unreasonable wear. Among many good features it was noticed that working parts had been cut down to a minimum «vitbout impair.ng t cgejinil effi- ciency of the engine. AMI parts are strongly and well constructed and are of the b¿st materials. All parts are interchangeable, and any part is easily replaced. Specally cast close grain iron is used for- the cy- linders, the connecting rods are solid for- ging«, the crank brasses are of soLd specially hard gun-metal, the gear wheels used are machine cut . and run very smoothly. The engine is fitted with a governor that cuts off fuel when not re- quired. It al<=o maintains even running "¿nder varying loads. The speed of the .erigine can be regulated-by simple adjust- ment of spring. Two fly-wheels are fitted to each engine and the pulley is remove able ¿io allow of différent sizes being used. The high- tension magneto adopted is of the"latest and does away with complicated wiring or cells or coil, and it was generally felt.,"thai the "Bagshaw" engine could be depended upon as a i diable source of cheap power. "Combined Engine and Cbalïcutter Plant. This is a complete chafteutting plant, comprising a Sb.h.p. "Bagshaw" petrol engine, and a No. 4 "Bagshaw" chaffcutter fitted with fast ?nd loose pulleys, power Reversing gear, safety feed roller, ands an ^SteneXea elevator with bigging attachment. It is so constructed that when required for portable work the elevator can be ? folded back to minim^e the strain. It is «-pecially suitable for moving 'from farm to farm, and as it can be taken from th-* stick the hay can be c it into chaff with a small amotmt of handling^ Thç under frame is of substantial .channel iron mounted on solid heavy axles, which w li withstand all the «train ever put upon the Îtjant ,e.ither when working or transporting, t'was noticed that the«, plant was working without the wheel« being chocked, and the email amount of vibration was remarkabh. The engine is housed under a suitable cover to protect it from dust, but the cuver is fullv hinged to allow of pisy ace-ess to all parts of.the engine for oiling, ¿cc. There is n0 external flame with the engine and the plant can therefore be worked close to a hay-tack or in a barn without any risk. .AU the necessary cooling water and petro] are carried for a full day's run, and * a more bandy and -self-contained chaffcutting plant one could not desire. . Motor-Power Winnowers. One of the firm's modern motor-power winnowers was shown in operation, and it was noted that the machine for this «el- son embodied several important improve- ments. The frame had been strengthened, the teturnin!« elevator reconstructed an! driven by chain. A handv clutch devica is used for throwing the feed in and out of efperntion, and in districts where it is likely -that hard substances, such as small stumps, might be thrown in when feeding the wheat, this is highly ndvantageou«. for the feed elevator ca'n be instantly stopped and anything removed with but little delay. The substantial top thresher in the "Bagshaw" motor winnower is capable of dealing with any rough or tangly straw that may 'result through stripping in damp weather. This is built up sectionally to allow of replacements that may be caused through small stump* or stones. This winnower is capable of cleaning wheat very rapidly and cheaply. Should any portion of heads be misstd by the top thresher a small thresher is situated underneath the hopper, which effectively deals with these. A "Bagshaw"' power winnower will prove itself a tim«, and money saver, and in addition to sav- ing money and labor a further saving is effected by íeducing waste to a minimum. With one of these machines a crop can be cleaned very quicklj, and as all tba eockev chaff is saved it proves an asset :n dry times. Engine-Powrer Winnowers. These winnowers, suitable for be'ng driven with a separate engine, wojre also shown. This machine is similar in many respects with the motor-power wiinower, bat it is so arranged that the drive on this machine is through a side shaft driving through a pair of heavy snb-stan tifal bevel gears. This allows of the engine being \ set at right angles with the machine. The "Bagshaw" horse-treader winnowers were aho lo be seen. In this class of winnow-pr onlj* a bottom thresher is used. The winnower 'is operated by *a horas tramping on a revolving incline platform. No muscular effort of the ho/se-k neets« sary, for his we'ght dees the work. This is an admirable machine for speedy wheat eleaning when an engine is not required. "Bagshaw" hand winnowers were shown. A handy winnower with a power attach- ment was noted as being just what a «miall farmer requires. This winnower tyas shown in operation. Temple Pump Engine. The agency for this engine ' has been secured by Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons, and it ¡3 just what is required by anyone wanting .smajl power for driving separa- tors, hand winnowers, or small chaff cutters, and as it is fitted with pumping gear it can be used with great success for operating the pump or windmill should there be au insufficiency of wind. ^ The engine is of an inverted vertical cylinder type, hopper cooled, and i«- of the la'.est design. One of these engines can be pur- chased at a small outlay, and can be' carried about in a spring-dray. The ori- ginal cost is but smajl. and on account of its freedom from vibration it does away with the necessity for elaborate founda- tion. It has electric ignition, and the fuel used is either benzine or kerosene. Mess s. Bagshaw have secured the agency for this engine for the convenience of any of their customers requiring a small cheap engine. "Bagsbatv" Chaffcutters. These Tvefí shown in great variety, from the small No. 3 stationac/ cutter to the colossal overhanging knifewheel - cutter, capable of cutting up to five and six to is of chaff per hour. -There is much in "Bagshaw" chaffcutters te be admired. All .the * material used-. throughout is of" the very best, «the frames are of well seasoned hardwood timber and are .of excellent construction. In fact, everything used throughout in the manufacture, ~ of "Bagshaw'' chaffcutters is of the hiebest erualitv. The maximum capacities of the chaffcutters are brought about hy the special feed rollers, which are accurately machined, and thev reduce the probability of choking to b? almost an imnossibilitv. The mouths of these machines arel" fitted with steel re- versible plates, which, when worn, can be reversed or replaced at a slight cost. The gears used in the rcver&ing; gear are spe- cially tough cast steel, which will not only withstand the excessive strain put up- on them w hen reversing.* but are so dur- able that they will last-for many years with the roughest-of "work. Special care has been* taken1 in the construction of the mouths of "Bagshaw" chaffcutters, Safety i oilers are used, which make it nracticaPv impossible for anyone to have hands or fingers injured in feeding a "Bagsliaw" chaffcutter. Some makers-make elaborate preparations for preventing accidents in the mouth of a chaffcutteri but the «implo, con trivan ce in _ Messrs Baeshn w*s eu ti« r, not onlv minimises the cost of the machine, but is more effective. The choking that is usual in some, chaffcutters is absent in the "Bagshaw" machine, 'for the special construction of the'rising mouth does aw.iv with the possibility of choking. 'flu spindles used throughout are of amnle strength, and by placing the pinion driving feed Tollers near the_ main bearing" the strain on the main spindle is reduced very considerably. No idler pinions are used in thr feed roller drive, and this leiseu3 considerably the power required to drive the chaffcutter. Different lengths of chair can be cut bv the mere changing of a pinion in tbe "Bacsha-w" machine. , Special Chaffmill Chaffcutter. This article was well worthy of inspec- tion. Every part of this cutter has been specially strengthened.- All the gear wheels are of special cast steel, and_ it is claimed that this type o£ machine is fat superior to the roller types, when heavy, continuous work is wanted. Allan Oil Engines. Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons are the sole South Australian and Victorian agents fot the celebrated "Allan" oil engine. Thev exhibited', the Jat'.-st type of lamnless en- gine, as well as the lamp tvpe of engine. Thev were shown in operation-both sta- tionary and portable. The "Allan" en cine has been on the market for fifteen ot «ixteen years, and aftei severe trials in all parts of the world has proved itself cue of the most easily managed and reliable motors of the dav. The latest Iamnlcss tvpo of engine combines all the following featnres in its construction, viz., two try wheels. safe oil feed not under pressure, crank shaft cut from a solid forging, per fict lubrication, perfect balance, sensitive ccntrifncal zeated governor, joints reducec to a minimum, water iackets accessible foi cleaning, loose liner, large wearing surfaces oil measures, improved water iniection, m lamp required except for starting. ea«ç, access to all working parts, all parts mad< strictly to gauge, easy cleaning arrange ments, no complicated parts to go wrong the highest class of Workmanship through out, only the best materials employed. I is also noticed that the "Allan" eng'ne doe; awav with all asbestos joints, and any »one has but to see the "Allan engine running, and to examine its construction, to be fullv convinced that it is all (hat is claimed for it. No engine called for higlwr comment on the showeiound than the "Allan." "Bagshaw'' Advance Harvester. Messrs Bagshaw & Sons, thlough Lick of factory accommodation in the vast, were unable to extend their lines of manufac- ture, and xv ere thetefore unable until quite recently to manufacture a harvester. To ptexent all the experimental stage.«, aftpr entefui investigation and trial, the*,* decided, as a groundwork, to buv over the rights, patterns, and stock of the "Advance" harvester, the well-tried ma- chine that, as far back as 1903. scored highest points in field trial«*. From the commencement of its manufacture, over t»n vcars ago. the "Advance'' harvesti-r makers were far-sighted enough to recog- nise the fact that wearing qualities, hgnt. draught, effective work, anil low cost of upkeep were roost important features in the construction of a harvester. The "Advance" haryester, as it is nowadays manufactured by Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons, is a well tried and thorougldy suceessiu. machine, strongly and well made, and will give years of satisfactory service. \- "Bagshaw" Pumps. Those shown in the exhibit proved of great interestjo those requiring pumps for irrigation purposes. Among market gar- deners and irrigationists in general Messrs. Bagshaw have had great success with their double-action pump. This pump has re- placed many other styles of pump, and is used economically anti with every satisfac- tion. The pump has been specially de- signed by Messrs. Bagshaw for all-round efficiency. It is thoroughly recommended for duty up to 300 ft. lift. The pump is exceptionally heavy and strong >n casting. The working barrel is of solid brass, and casting shrunk into its place in the cylin- der, where the x-alves (four in number) have their seats of the same metal. _ These valves are of the grid pattern, with rub- ber discs acting as the working parts, and are thus rendered perfectly tight, and re- lieve the pump from all pounding. Both the x-ertical and horizontal pumps were to be seen. Messr«. Bagshaw manufacture substantial geared countershaft for working m conjunction with their pumps, and these are mounted both on heavy jarrah frames and also on channel iron. The counter- shaft has double helical tooth spurwheels to give strength and silence in .working. The bearings are carried on a solid casting, so that there is no possibility of the spur- wheel coming out of mesh. Crank discs and forge cranks are used. *, ' «Wine Pumps. Messrs. Bagshaw also manufacture.wine pumps of various kinds. One of the must pumps was o£ special interest. It was the usual practice to fix grape mills at the ex- treme top of a wine cellar, inside the trine cellar building, BO that the must could be gravitated by means of wooden shutcs to any of the many fermer*-'ug tanks. This necessitated a heavy, expt tsive type of building to stand the vib*-¡«.tion, and long costly elevators, and » considerable num- ber of- s'hutes to be handled and cleanîd. With the use of a must pump it is now possible to fix the grape mill on the ground floor, and pump the crushed grapes to any part of the cellars, the power consumed being about the same as -was necessary to drive the long elevators and the extra shafting in the old way. The main body of the pump is constructed of gunmetol in all parts that cdme in contact with the ?wine. Tlie pump throughout is of Tâe usual "Bagshaw' standard, and shouM in- terest vignerons. These^ pumps are used throughout the tvineries in this and other States'. , ' ' Grinders'and crushers were shown in great variety. Thjs type of machine is ad- mirably suitable for use upon farms for crushing up screenings _ or anything of a similar nature for feeding stock. Saw benches, headers, elevators of all descriptions, baggers, &c;, aleo manufac- tured by Messrs. Bagshaw & Sons, were shown. " Taken generally, Messrs. Bag shaw's exhibit was a_ splendid and interest- ing -range of highly finished, serviceable machinery, and proved of interest to ail visitors to the Show. MESSRS. BERRY, HODGSON, & CO. On the grounds near the Grand Stand Messrs. Berry, Hodgson, & Co. had again on «show one of their neat model cottages of two rooms arid front verandah. These buildings are supplied in all sizes and de- signs from one room upwards. The cot- tage oh view had an imitation stone front of steel, when, when painted in suitable colors, ""cannot easily be distinguished from freestone. These buildings are framed at the works and plainly marked readv for erection, so they can be put up without difficulty. Various materials were shown on the in- side walls for lining- asbestos sheet, match- board, galvanised iron, plain iron, small fluted iron, Wunderlich steel in different designs, fibrous plaster in pane's with suit- able moulding, three-ply timber in large sheets with the joints moulded, &c;, or any other class of lining to suit the taste of the purchaser. In the wool section an im roved wool-sorting table was on view. ~everal improvements .were embodied in this, which appealed to the pastoralist. In the Main Hall a comprehensive exhibit of joinery, cabinetmakers', wheelwrights', and coachbuilders' material was tastefully ar- ranged. Some specially attractive doors, quite out of -the ordinary stereotyped pat- terns, were to "be seen» including a hand- some front door hung in a margin light frame, the top panels of the door being formed of squares of stained glass. An- other, with three long bottom panels, bolection moulded with a square top pan& of finely marked timber, and one of co'o nial figured wood with American ash panels and French polished, suitable for office fittings, were good examples of the joiner's art. Windows, frames, turnery of all descriptions, fascia, skirtings, and mouldings of all patterns, naves, felloes, spokes for waggon, dray, buggy, or other work gave the visitor some idea of the -?sources of the firm. v H. C. RICHARDS. _ Mr. Richards made his usual comprehen- sive display of engines, -windmills, cnaficut ters, pumps, troughing, water and bore tubes, ploughs, &c.; "Alston" windmills were shown in all 6jzes from 6 ft. jip to 20 ft. diameter wheels. These mills were up to date and effective, and the fact that the "Alston" is recognised as the stan- dard amongst competitors is ample evi 8 dence their superiority. There are over 30,000 "Alston"' windmills at work tliimigh. out Au.*4,rai;i»k*i. South Africa, and India. As a striking tribute to Australian enter prise, Mr. Richards has just completed a." large contract for the South Australian Go- vernment, who have been using hi* wind- ! mills for the past »even vcur» with grati- fying resultî,. Thi» year's model is fitted with grease lubrication, roller and ball j bearings, double crank, and «special gearing, i self-governing gears, an-d a lio»t of otbor ' special features. Mr. Richard-, sho'.ved a , now type of "Alston" mill, which will be ; placed on the market next year. Thi« mill is claimed to have the fewest part» of any ' mill made, and is fitted with ball-bearing», running in a gen* cuse which is filled with oil, anil is dn«t proof. ''Alston" patent ; steel-frame galvunieed stock troughs were shown in various sizes, and steel tank stand pumps, bill vulves, and irrigation re-, (piisites nttracted attention. Mr. Richard»;' exhibit of engines vvus attractive. He had a large number of "Reliance" petrol en- gines at work, and they were mo»t simple, effective, and economical. A 274 "A.P. Re- liance'" drove a 0 in. ''Richards" double action force pump. A similar engine oper- ated a 2-in. centrifugal pump, discharging 6.000 gallons per hour. Other eng'ne.5. both portable and stationary, >wero shown. j Chaficutters. j Mr. Richard** exhibited a full range of tthe -famous Cliff and Bunting chaffcutters. Those shown were up to the firm's stan- dard of excellence, «an-d contained special noteworthy features, which a*re found only in Cliff and Bunting machinery. Mr. Rich- ards reports ever-increasing sales of these popiJar entiers, and has prepared for the coming season's trade with extra, large ( stocks. "Fowler's" Traction Engines and Steam Rollers. Mr. Richards' represents John Fowler, of Leeds, the famous engineering firm, who are noted for their traction engines, loco- motives, and steam rollers. Mr. Richards is supplying the Port Adelaide City Coun- cil with a 12-ton "Fowler" compound steam roller, and two other rollers are being sup- plied to other Australian municipalities. A shipment of steam and petrol tractors will arrive shortly. "Gaston" disc cultivators occupied a prominent position on Mr. Richards' stand. Water Pipes and Bore Tubes. | Water pipes and bore tubes were a spe- ' cial h'ne with Mir. Richards, and as lie carries enormous stocks he is in a position to sell at special prices for best Scottish tubes, and every description of water fit-, tings. E.. P. DIGNAN, WILMINGTON. . | On this firm's stand was exhibited the famous Challenge -stripper, in damp weather 'and ordinary, 5 ft. and 6 ft. cut. ' Mr. Dignan has oc- cupied his stand at ., the Adelaide Show-every March and ^September since 1903, when his stripper was fir-=t patented. The machinery ji/dgcjs were so favorablj impressed with the invention that they awarded it the society's medal for new in- vention-the only award to strippers for the past 20 years. Since 1903 hundreds of the Challenge strippers have operated ia" every wheat älea in Australia. The ma chine has been improved from year to year. In its present form it appeals to farmers as a model of perfection and well worthy of the unique testimony of that high authority, 'The Engineering Jour- nal."' which says*.-"Improvements in grain-stripping machines, patented by Mr. E. P. Dignan,* of South Australia, are one of the most meritorious inventions patented ]>v Australians." 'Hie hundreds of t-Alimonials in possession of the» patentee nie most conviaiing proof that the users of this stripper confirm all that is claimed for it. Tin« inn ker points with pride to 'the following testimonial-one of many referring t<*> his fir»t year's ÍI8S9) output:-**1 have much pleasure in stating that tilt» -»tripper I bought from you 23 years ago has worked every season »ince and given me every satisfaction. It is solidly built from the best of material, and with very slight repair this season will still be a perfect order machine.-(Signed) A. H. Noll, fïnm, Park. Wilmington. .South Australia." Experienced fanners and machinists usually judge machinery at country «?"hows, anti are keen and criti- ca!. During the past «even years such judges have awarded the Chabenge strip per 73 1ir»t prizes and three-, seconds out of ;i possible 78-one entry at each show. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAS COM- PANY. The brilliant display of lights at the exhibit of the above company attracted the attention of all visitors in the mah- bull. A new inverted burner, the "Saga," is a special line recommended by the com- pany for the lighting- of small areas, and for a gas consumption of one foot per hour, that is, four hours' lighting for one íarth in-2. a 1,'ght of 30-candlepower i» given The well-known Bland and Jacobus bur nor«, of 70 and 120 candlepower respec- tively, were ulso shown, and an ever in- creasing demand proves their efficiency for home and shop lighting. As the summer approaches the question of reducing tin lanor in a home is always considered, and a gas stove serves this purpose in man*»*-' ways. The popularity of the gas stove is instanced by the fact that the company sold 1,513 stoves daring the past 12 months., an increase 'A 20 per cent, on previous 12 months. The latest manufac- ture of Main s. Parkinson's, and Wright'* cookers were on view, finished with en- amelled interior linings packed with asbes .tos and fitted with detachable boiling burners». An innovation in small cookers i; made by the Parkinson Company, termed an ''oven griller," the oven ot which is fitted with top- and bottom burners and boiling ring, and for a small family wi.l roast meat and bake pastry, scone?, &'c, with the same perfection aa the large stoves. There were also new de- signs in the ordinary grillers, notably the addition of an extra boiling ring attached to the side. In addition to the "Crown all" and "BeataH" gas irons a new iron the "Salta." was seen. This iron is fitted with an improved adjuster and mixing chamber, by which a perfect control of the hJeat can be obtained without trouble. This iron has had extraordinarily, large sales in England during the past year. Gas pend- ants and brackets'for, inverted or upright burners were shown in artistic designs and in various finishes suitable for every class of house, and the .company make a special feature of carrying out the installation ot gti^, for all lighting and heating purposes. , WERTHEIM. AUSTRALL4N PIANOS AND SEWING MACHINES. What can be done in Australia in com- petition against th.c great manufactories of the world was admirably exemplified in the splendid display of Australian-manufac- tured pianos at Wertheim's Pavilion, close to the main entrance. The Wertheim Australian Piano Factory, which is situated at Richmond. Victoria, is one of the most extensive and up-to-cUce in the whole world, and local musical autuorities readily concede that its products closely rival in every respect the finest instruments pro- duced anywhere in tiie world« The management from the outset íesolved that absolutely only the best of materials and mo-t matured of timbers should be used in the manufacture, and the result lins been thai, the Werl'.iciin Australian Piano, being of such high quality, has literally leapt into «popular favor. Its leading fea- ture is a full, ringing, sonorous tone oí magnificent carrying quality, which has been most favorably commented upon by manv of Australia's leading musicians, whose criticisms have been publisncd in the form of a booklet entitled "Noted Opnions." Many of the leading public institutions, town halls, musical academies, and colleges have installed Wertheim Aus- tralian pianos, and have signified theij* appreciation of this latest Australian pro- duct. The Methodist L-idies' College, ot Wayville, have now 10 "Wertheim Austra- lian'" pianos in their music-rooms, while the Methodist Ladies" College-, Melbourne, have just completed a full equipment of no fewer than 21 cf these instruments. The fact that before such orders were placed full and close enquiry and rigid examina- tion were made proves conclusively that in the Wertheifn Australian piano all the necessary requirements in tone and touch aie found to enable the proper inter- pretation to be made of the musical works being studied. A fine selection of these models «was exhibited, and ample opportu- nity given the general public to test for themselves the instruments. The beauty of design and coloring ot the native Australian woods used in the _ exterior case-work was much admired, particularly the silky oak, blackwood, and Queensland maple. The general consensus of opinion given by the large crowd which thronged around this exhibit day and night was that thev were indeed pianos of which Australians could bç .proud. Much of the artistic splendor of the Wertheim exhibit was due .to the tasteful draping or the entire display with examples of art needlework produced on the Wertheim sewing machine. Tfais fancy work ranged in variety from a most elabo- rate pair of curtains, exquisitely embroi- dered, to the simplest trifle in drawn thread. _ Brilliant reproductions of birds and anímala, fruit -and flowers, portraits and landscapes were shown in endless arraj; on cushion's, lamp shades, table covers, and as fraomed pictures. The form and coloring in every instance were well nigh perfect. The clever young lady operators were kept busy answering ques- tions and modestly explaining how the cre- dit was all due to the machine, which is a greatly improved piece of mechanism and far superior in speed and noiselessness to all other makes. Nor must it be imagined that the Wertheim is adaptable only to fancy work. The selfsame machine is equally useful in hemming, ruffling, tuck- ing, binding, braiding, and the other "stitches"'''necessary in dressmaking or home setring. Throughout the day throngs of interested spectators crowded . round the show watching the many features of the display, and listening to the fine tone of the Wertheim Australian piano, which was heard to advantage with the orchestra under Signor Setaro. CLARENCE H. SMITH'S IMPLE- MENTS. One of the first things noticed at this exhibit was a large poster giving the re- sults of recent field trials. The record put up bv the Smith implements is cer- tainly a remarkable one. At the Geranium trial fir-i and second prizes were obtained in the fallowing class, first prize in the cultivating class, and first prize in cultiva- tors. Following on this success comes the Bute trial-finst and second prizes five-furrow fallowing class; firBt prize eiglrt-furrow fallowing cli.ss. finit . prize disc eultix-ator. The next trial was held at i arcowie. and first prize was again obtained in the fallowing class; this being the onlv implement entered bv Mr. Smith at this trial. The exhibit made by Messrs. «Tas. Bell et Co. (who we sole agents for these popular iilougl*-) is the largest that has been made up to date, and it was certainly a work of art to get the implements on to the limited space allotted. The disc cultivator that created such a lot of en- thusiasm last March was again shown. Im- provements have been effected since then by the inclusion of levers for lifting the discs in and out of the ground, whilst the bearing which carries the disc is also im- prover!, and the wearing parts work in' a bath of oil. The demand for this pattern cultivator has been so great tliajt the fac- tory at Ardrossan has found the greatest difficulty iii fulfilling orders. Twin culti- vating ploughs are going to be largely used in the near future. Two of these were shown: one 12-furrovv spring released, and one 14-furrow bridle released, fitted with patent drill attachment. As a labor saver this .plough is going to be exceed- ingly popular. We are informed that a farmer is using one of Smith's 18-furroxv twins and has done 600 acres, working xvith eight horses, with the wonderful ave- rage of turning over 23 acres a dav. This seems almost incredible, and is undoubtedly a revolution in cultivation, and would have been thought impossible a few years agb. The rest of the exhibits were in keeping with fine displays always given by Mr. Smith, and covered four, five, and six fur- row fallowing ploughs, cultivating ploughs, cultivators, and fire rakes, and the way these are turned out reflect the greatest credit on the manufacturer. The mould board attached to the four- furrow fallow- ing plough attracted attention. There has been a demand for a long board, with a hard surface suitable fo** sticky land. In certain parts of South Australia it ia essen- tial to have a mouldboard of this descrip- tion, for the work to be done satisfactorily. This new one shown by Mr. Smith ig an excellent one. It nas a beautiful turn, xvith a surface like glass. TRIUMPH PLOW COMPANY. The Triumph Plow Company were lo- cated on their usual stand at the Frome-road entrance, and showed a com- plete stock of all their highly celebrated implements. The "Grundy" siying-lock draft plows are excellent. It will take the hardest ground, and vet iump over the roughest of stumps with the most perfect grace and ease, without anv ierk on the horses' shoulders. The finn also showed their patent convertible one-way disc cul- tivator, fitted with the latest patented dir-t-proof oil bath bearings. It is easily converted into a share skim plow at a nominal cost, and is also fitted with "spring" draft. The discs throw the soil all one xray, leaving no ridges, and each tine jumps independently, thus making light draft, and cutting a very large per- centage of shoots xvithout anv choking of rubbish, thus leaving a most perfect seed- bed. This implement is giving the greatest of satisfaction throughout the whole of the mallee 'districts ot South Australia. Victoria, and Western Australia, where the company arc still selling them in large numbers. Tliev also showed on their exhibit:, the "Grundy"' spring draft cultivating plow, made in sizes from 8 to 12 furrows. This imple- ment is so xvc-ll known by the farming community that no other comment is ne- cessary than to sax- that- repeat orders .ire continually coming in. This also applies to the other implements made bv this oro; gressive company, who are the pioneers of the spring-draft and one-wav disc, with independent jumping. _ The much-favored spring-tine share eultix-ator was also on viexv. and is made in 13. 15, and l8 tines. This implement has made a name for it- self throughout the xvhole of Australasia, and the company have even had enquiries from South Africa and other parts of the world, for this high-class implement. The bridle plows, which are constructed on the best mechanical designs, give much credit to the company, as they are as near perfect as it is possible to make thim. The company also sthowed their. latest production-a six-furrow disc plow-fitted with the spring draft, for ploughing the roughest of land. For a dise plow it is undonhtedlv the lightest of draft, fitted up with 24-in. discs and 4 wheels. Thev have several at present xvorking in the Pin- naroo district. Victor Harbor. Tintimrn, and at'Minlaton, with great satisfaction. Fire rakes and harrows xvere shown, and also the "Perfection" petrol engine. They will -work on anv spirit, and are in sizes from 3J to 8 horsepower. JOHN COOMBE & SONS. The location of this firm's exhibits was i.ear the retir of the G-and Stand. The site xvas occupied with a collection of stump-jump ploughs, srtump-jump cultiva- tors, cbaßcutters, sawbenches, centrifugal and windmill pumps. The operations of this firm a3 ploughmakers xvere com- menced at Georgetown in 1870, and dur- ing the period xvhieli has eiapsed several ' thousanj s-,i up- jtiiiip end other ploughs have been dis tributad all over the farming districts of South Australia and the other States. The ploughs are made throughout of high grade steel, they are perfect in design, simple in construcition, light in draught, and all parts are made from gauges and templates, therefore there is no difficulty in replacing any damaged portion. The workmanship is of the very best. The ploughs are designed to assure strength by means of straight beams whic¡h_ are much superior to beams that are twisted or bent The jump-bars have double bearings at the hinge ends and two keys, xvhich give greater rigidity than the older method. The ploughs are made in three weights-light, medium, and heavy; and are fitted with' either P or plate shares. Simplicity of construction, combined xvith lightness of draught and stability, are the main features of these ploughs, which are made in any size from two to ten furrows. These -ploughs liax-e won test trials and prizes throughout the States, and are considered the best ploughs on, the market. The cultivators and chafrcutters attracted attention. To demonstrate the ext*ellent results of the chaffcuttcrs, saw benches, and centrifugal pumps arrange- ments were made to have them xvorking on various stands. GAWLER IMPLEMENT COMPANY. The Gawler Implement Manufacturing Company exhibited a general assortment of agricultural machinery, including strippers to cut 5 ft. 6 in., fitted with the latest spring steel, hollow pattern, save-all comb. This comb is made with a hollow groove running down the centre of each tooth, ana saves the grain when working in rough or stumpy country. The stripper also has iron centres in the wheels, wrought steel platform, and chain lift. Besides these (strippers the exhrbit comprised one of the company's latest chaffcntters, fitted with fast and loo«e pulleys for power drive; a strong farmer's waggon, with 5-in. tyres, shafts, and leading chains to pull direct' from the axles, with rivets through each felloe: the latest pattern stump-jump plough, with adjusting levers and screws, wrought imvelling wheels.- and inter- changeable boxes; a stump-jump disc cul- tivator of the latest pattern, *>r working in stumpy land. In the last-named ma- chine each disc nets independently, and will rise over stumps 14 in. high. The cul- tivator has 4 ft. travelling wheels, and front wheels which can be fitted with shafts if required. I DREADNOUGHT IMPLEMENT FAC \ TORY. Mr. A. £. Middleton's Dreadnought Im ' plenient Factory > Balaklava, was repre | sented by some of the well-known Dread- nought ploughs, cultivator», and harrows. The stand was between Griffiths BrOs.' tea booth and the grand stand. The Dread; ¡ nought S.J. cultivator has a most jemark ¡ able record. It was first placed on the | market in 1903, when makers were few, land gradually forged its way to the front. I From 1008 to 1912 it gained 25 first prizes 1 and three second prizes out of 29 entries, which is a record in the show ring. The exhibits were exceptionally light in draught. Mr. Porker, a well-known far- mer of Minlaton, Yorke Peninsula, sta'tes that he is working a 15-tine; cutting 8 ft. 4 in,, with six very ordinary horses. He is working his ground for fallow with it instead of ploughing, and is making a really good job of it. Every cultivator brings back its own testimonials, and farmers all over Australia are loud in their praises of the value of this implement on the larra. Mr. Middleton has also . invented, a very useful harrow to work behind the cultiva- tor, and farmers would do well to secure one of these. Their are made in all sizes, to suit all 'makes of cultiva tors".,-. There was also on view a very neat looking* Mur- row S.J. plough, made-of the best spring steel, strongly put together, yet light. These ploughs are very light in draught, and are well suited to all classes of ground, rough or smooth. Tney will pass rubbish through in an astonishing manner, which should appeal to the farmers in new coun- try such as the West Coast. Plain land ploughs are also made with plain or prong mouldboards, and give satisfaction to all farmers who have tried them. There was also on view a Strongly made S.J. harrow, which has given splendid results. 'Stump jump scarify harrows have not been for- gotten by this maker, and an up-to-date harrow.has been invented and put to a severe test in a rough stumpy paddock, with splendid results. A harrow of thi* description has 'been much sought after by many farmers, and they would do well to write for particulars at an early date. All classes of implements have been made by this manufacturer for tilling the soil in all sizes required, and shares (both plough and cultivator) are a special line of truue. Having one of the latest and most up-to date factories in the country, fitted with all the latest machinery, the workmanship and quality of implements are guaranteed the very best. " J. L. GAi-TPBELL & CO. This enterprising firm again had on view their now famous patent scrub rake. AU farmers who have.- used this implement without exception speak in the highest terms of its efficiency, asserting that there is nothing in the shape of mallee sticks, straw, or rubbish of any description it will not handle to perfection, and that it gathers stumps ¿ind levels down the land splendidly. The emptying gear is simple and effective, and never fails to act. With nothing to get\out of order it can be operated by a mere child. A -large number of these implements have 'been turned out since our last .«.how. The exhibit also,in- cluded the company's patent shooteutter, which has been greatly improved. Recent -trials have shown this machine will deal with shoots up to three and four years old, and machines that are at work ¿re giving every satisfaction. This- firm are deserv- ing of the greatest credit for the way they have .persevered with this implement, spar- ing neither time nor expense to-put on the market a machine that will be of the utmost service to the mallee farmer. They are also'experts as regards stripper and harvester . combs, and ? have still another new patent adjustable comb added to their list, which for simplicity, strength, and rigidity is hard to beat. There wa3 also a ne»w fire rake in the exhibit, which does away with the sagging axle and any annoy- ing tipping over. It is all .steel, and the wheels are set well out on top, and remain so, making all the -différence in the run- ning of the implement. Other features of the rake are improved- wheels, long boxes, and dust-proof caps. The famous Cock- tail harrows were on view. There are now thousands of the-e implements in use, and they give splendid results.' The companv'd false comb, whicii fits any machine, No. 2 adjustable and fixed combs, sack trucks, bag loaders, and wheelbarrows for alt classes of work complete a most creditable display of real labor-saving implements. MAY'S MOTOR WORKS. A centre of attraction at the Show was the Wolseley and Humber exhibit in the basement. Two beautiful models of the former car were on view-a handsome I6'2û in French grey color, and a 12,16 in rovul blue. Last September fourteen Wolseley ears were sold tlurine show week, and tho'-e desirinsr one of this make will need to order earlv, or they may be disappointed. One of the famous record-bi-eakim; '.Eleven'' ïïumbet» was ajso on view. This is the" wonderful little eleven-horsepovv cr car that has been performing such remark- able feats during the past few weeks in England. On Brooklands the handicappuc placed it on the same mark in a race as a 24.8 car of another make, and had it iriv mg a 17.9 H.P. ear 15 seconds' start. The bijr ear only won by a few feet from the ll-Humber, although the , Humber bad the outside position. Since then the same car broke three world's records, and nl°o won hill-climbinz contests, and various other races. May's Motor Works are also agents for the Everitt cars-a hi-zh-grade American car: but unfortunately the first shipments have been delayed, and will not arrive for a week or so. Visitors to the | eitv will do well to visit May's exhibit, or call at the firm's showrooms. Vîctom squarc, where a splendid range of cars will be found. f j BRADFORD PETROL ENGINE. The Bradford (Ehelish, built) hoinzontal pptrol encrine was exhibited on Messrs. John Shearer & Sons' and Messrs. David Shearer & C'o.'s stand, near the Frome-rond entiance. and this hieh-class engine caine in for a lot of attention fiom all interested m -engines for farm use. &c.; 'These firms are to be congratulated on harina the acencv for such a thoroughly efficient and reliable engine. These entrine« are fitted to consume petrol or oil as desired, and either stationary or portable types are ob- tainable- Thev are fitted with manneto iratoon, balanced cranks, and two ft wheels. The perfect .workmanship, finisl and smooth running claimed admiratioi from all. J. F. MELLOR (Late Mellor Bro».)'. Mr. J. F. Mellor, of Franklin-street. Aâé Jaide.. had some of his most uo-to- date im plements on view at lus usual stand. A new and most ingenious patent reversfbft plate plough-share drew much attention It can be easily put on. and reciuires ni bolts, nx'ets, or studs, and vet it cann« fall off in stumps. ' stones, or rough coun try. The invention has been thorough!-, and sex*erelv tested, and proved itself mosi satisfactory. It is adapted for fallowina and skim plom-hs of anv make. A new patent clock-spring twin disc cultivator for mallee country, which was-shown, is s splendid implement. Tile cut is 6 ft. The« tis ample room between the twin discs foi the largest stumps and stones to pas« through. Facility of adiustment is a great feature. A boltless draught adjuster per- mits the implement to be drawn auite straight. The draught is surprisinglv light. Mr. Mellor also had exhibited Imouldboard types of clock-spring ploughs, The 8-furrow medium can be used in light mallee land for fallowing and turning hack fallow. It is fast gaining favor. Clock spring ploughs are now in use in all th<j Australian Ftates. and very satisfactory re- ports are coming to hand daily. Mellor'a "latest, improved damp-weather big strip- pers were also shoxvn. fitted xrtih patent saveall comb, and bex'el-geared. quick action rack. The patent spring choke eas- ter is a splendid addition. MESSRS. CLUTTERBUCK BEOS/ EXHIBITS. In the machinery section the latest ill» vention in grain gathering machinery wa» to be seen on Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros.* stand, namely. "The Massey-Harris reaper-thresher." This machine is claimed to be the world's greatest harvesting ma- chine, because it is .the only harvester ever devised that reduces the length ot straw above the knife by combing before it is cut. . It works equally well in oats, wheat, or barley, and has been especially, successful in making a good somple in crops containing wet'ds, thistles, and other foreign matter, as vouched for by many, actual users all over Australia. This great labor-sax-iug machine takes a swath of 8-ft. cut. The crop klidea smoothly, and evenly between the fingers until it reaches the ' knife, xvhen the heads are cut off and conveyed by a canvas to the thresher, where the crop is cennpletely threshed and dressed in the same way aa the big English threshing machines handle the whole sheaves. Thus there is no waste of grain at the front of the machine. This new harvester has an admirable de- vice which does away with the over- loading of the riddles and consequent waste of grain from the tail of the ma- chine by means of straw walkers, which receive and bump the threshed crop as it comes from the thresher drum, shaking all the grain through on thi» riddles, where a perfect somple is produced with- out any waste xvhafcever. ' A farmer from New South Wales said he had a good opportunity during last harvest of judging between it and an or- dinary stnpper-barvester as -to loss oí grain. There xvas a beaten track across a 270-acre' paddock. The new Massey Harris reaper-thresher and the stripper harvester were working on the, same plots. When crossing this track the vibration caused au loose grain on the comb of the stripper-harvester to fall off, and th» reaper thresher having all loose grain unefer cover it did not lose any. In this way this new machine is a money-saver. It will reduce the time of harvesting operation, for it can be worked -during all hours of daylight. Mx. August Adler, of Murtoa, Victoria, says the new reaper-threaher did as much work as his two stripper harvesters during the har x-esting season. It has the power to save crops absolutely ' beyond the capacity of maohines of the stripper harvester type. Mr. A. Ferguson, of Crystal Brook, said he had an exceedingly difficult crop to handle on very rough, hilly ground, and . the crop was full of star_ thistles. The new principle of cutting instead of pull- ing the crop off as with the ordinary; machine, saved the choking in the comb. One of the leading farmers on the Penin- sula, Mr. E. Correll, said he had proved ite threshing power. Before he received his new ieaper-thresher he cut a por-^ tion of his barley crop that had gone down badly with the binder. To thresh this he jacked up the reaper-thresher on posts, connected the oil engine to the crown wheel, when it took through the whole «heaves -at a great pace, threshing and clean'iig ut the rate of 50 bags per day. Five bands were employed .carting the sheaves from the field. The sample was second to none, and there "was a pleasing absence of waste in straw. The crop averaged 47 bushels per acre. Mr. John Burge 'said he harvested 220 acres of wheat without a hitch, using, only four horses. The «imple of grain .was perfect, being iiuite free from the back- bone, so much complained of with the old style harvesters. Seed wheat -sold direct from the machine was highly spoken of by his neighbors. Damp and wet weather made no difference to the working of the machine. He considered «the cutting a4 great idea. Mr. S. Robinson, of Hexam, Victoria, said he got 3d. per bushel moro for the grain .taken off by the new reaper thresher, owing to the dandelion having been taken out of it. Mr. William Baker, of Barrapoort, Victoria, sa:'d he »took oit 300 acres of crop grown in rough mallee country, and got through without a hitch. During the harvest he worked only four horses, taking 8-ft. cnt, thereby proving the 1'ghtness of draught. He started from one to two hours earlier with the reaper thresher each morning than with the har- vester he was working in the same pad dock. This new machine should be a boon to "Australian wheatgrowers. That, "time is money" is never more fully realised than by the Australian farmer in harvest time. To save time, therefore, in securing the crop when ready for reaping is to save money. The Massev-Harris icaper-thresher saves time by being capable of » being worked in 'the morning, hours before the crop is dry enough for the stripping machine to begin operations. It has been abundantly proved to be right in principle and of excellent construction. The reaper thresher takes its place in »the, famous line of Massev-Harris farm machines, and is now available to Australian fanners as an improved means for harvesting their crop. In addition to the above machine the well-known line of Massey-Harris farm implements were also to be seen. Til« name of Massey-I larri« is a household word among farmers, and, the excellence of »the gooch made by this company ac eonnts for this fact. The Massey-Harris binder has established a world-wide repu- tation, as it i» pre-eminently a binder for all conditions of crop. Almost any binder will do fair work in a crop that etanda i^p well, but if »the crop is very heavy, ia lodged or -tangled, or has a heavy grass or weed bottom, then a Massey-Harris is needed. Designed on the best' principles, the best material obtainable for the pur ose being n*cd in their construction, un-i uilt by skilled workmen who have nt their command the most iraprox*ed machi- nery and appliances, no expense or pains lias been spared to produce a binder that xvill last, and that they do last is evi- denced by the fact tliat Massey-Hams binders that have been in use from 2(1 to 25 years are still in good working order. Massey-Ifarris Drill. The Masscy-Harri«. drill has reached a high state of excellence and efficiency, the result of years of experience and steady improvement. The Mas<\--ej*-Harri*i _ drill xvill sow coarse or light graiu positively, continuously, uniformly, and satisfactorily. It has the "Star'' feed, which gives a perfect, even, continuous flow. These drills are made in sizes from 9 to 19, either hoe or di*e, and are also inter- changeable. Other machinery manufac- tured by. the Massey-Harris Compnay was also_ exhibited, including > mowers, rakes, cultivators, harrows, plows, &c.; Another recent addition is the Massey-Harris sub- surface packer, "which should appeal no »11 _ up-tci- cLite farmers. It presrves che moisture by packing the upper subsoil, leaving the" surface sufficiently uneven to prex'ent blowing out. and at the .same time dealing with all e-lods and liacking the soil around the surface: roots of the plant. The most popular size is 8 ft., an-1 the firm's catalogue, wlut-h is suppliedgratis, upon application, describes this and the other implements which go to make vup the well-known Massey-Harris line of farm machinery. Blackstone Oil Engines. This engine has won the hijrliest prizes for economy, efficiency, reliability, and durability. It is claimed by, th« Black- stone people, and backed up by the users, . that a man can do more work on less fuel with the "Blackstone" oil engine than -with any bther oil eiurine on the market. It uses the ordinary kerosine, also crude oil, and is built on the' best mechanical lines, havinc double fly-wheels, balanced cranks, a sox-ernor that is absolutely re- liable, in fact, one has only to see the engine working to realise that it ia the hest product ofits kind that can,be manu- factured. Quite a number of those en pines of different types were running at the Show. A sp-ecial feature .i.-j that | which -s known as the portable engine, | h with t*olonial-made undercarriage. 'This undercarriage is made of the best steel girders and wrought wheels, especially strong axles for carrying the engine ovei the roughest country. Both . the station- ary and portable engines are very highly spoken of whei-e continuous running i* necessary. The Blackstone is an engine th.ot is in great favor amongst pastoralists for ilriviiitr. «.hearing machines. Theie are bundieds of them in use_>u South Aus- tralia for rumpin¿, i-iiaffcuttiiiz, wood- cutting-, and all classes of farm work, ¡ind thev are giving every satisfaction to the i users. "Olds"' Engines. The "Olds" lvetrol eaigine, so well and favorably known in South Australia, is one of the leading: lines" of Clutterbuck líros. Recognising tile increasing popu- larity and many advantage« of the petrol engine they took on this line in 1.W9. The general purpose faim engine muet neces- sarily be simple, strong, reliable, and economical, and one has but to »study the "Olds-" for a minute to sec how pro- minently the qualities are embodied in its design. It is then a simóle matter to account for the remarkable success the "Olds" engine has enjoyed, there being over 5,000-horsepower in use in South Aus- tralia alone. A" complete line from l'-horse l>owcr to 15-Iionsepowerr is carried in stock, suitable for any or all kinds of work. An intendiiiK Purchaser of an engine should not fail to inve-?tigate thin popular em-, sane, being, as it is, unusually simple and free from complicated moving parts, hav- ing plenty of strong, steady power, .xvith out pumps of'any kind, anel,about two gears. It xvo'ild be difficult to find an Iençriire -better suited for a general-farm engine. In' short, the "Olds" engine eon-iains all that is latent and best in en- gine d<*sign, and, yet within the means of any farmer. Malthoid Hoofing. This portion of Messrs. Clutterbuck Bros.' exhibit -was well worth a x-isit from those who are xvanting a high-grade ' - product, suited -to the covering of" dwellings, wool- sheds, bungalows, barns, or other struc- tures, on which . .a light-weight, xveather proof (comfortable 'all the . year round) roofing is desired.' . "-Malthoid," and . the other products of the Paraffine Paint Com- pany, have been in use in every State of Australia for a great number of ycars.^anil' have given every satisfaction. Another I portion of * this exhibit was a nrodurjt | called '.Aniiwoid." which. is an imitation ) of hardwoods, made from pulp board, and used for panelline and linin« wall-, dado», ceilintrs. &c.; Xc-vv Machines. The finn are always on the lookout for new lines of machinery of a useful and re- liable cj^iractcr. A machine they had on the Show --¡round, which should be interest- ing to the members of corporation» and di»tric't councils thr- outrhout the State, was a portable stone-breaking machine, manu- factured by Messrs. Robey & Co.. of Lin | cuín, Enidand. The fraine«*, instead t-"£, i being heavy, cumbersome easting«, are ? ! made of rolled steel plate, which give the greatest possible strength, with a saving of tons in weight. The iaws are made of ,i e»pecial mixture of metals, and beincr inter- changeable and reversible, last a compara- tively lone time. The machine on exhibi- tion had a car.A:ity of five tons per hour, and only weighed about 4J tons. The South Australian Government recently pur- chased four of these Robey machines for the Roads Department and the Irrigation Department, for road-making. &c.;, anil concretiuc*. . / Another important machine exhibited bv Messr». Cluttcibuck Bro», was a 60/SO B.H R. oil tractor, manufactured bv the Caldwell Vale Tractor Company, of Au- burn, New South Wales, on their new patent four-wheel drive principle. This traetor is capable of carrying and hauling on trailers a load of 20 tons. The four wheel drive means that all four wheels on the tractor are driven by the engine in- stead of the two bind wheels only, as is the case with all other motor vehicles. The tractor -was built to order for working on the West Coast. The Lister automatic electric lighting and generatinc installation shown at work was claimed to, be the simplest, most econo- mical, and efficient mean« of providing elec- tric lieht. The whole plant, consisting of engine, dynamo, switchboard, and battery was self-contained. It was mounted on iron girders, started itself, and stopped it- self. The initial oiitlay is small, and the cost of maintenance extemely low. ' This outfit can be supplied in sizes from 40 12 c.p. upwards. Motor Cars. One of the special features of the ex- hibit was the motor cars. Here wera shown two of the leading cars in the world, the Flanders 20'"and E.M.F. 30, which for. price and quality have revolutionised the motor car industry. Almost everyone .has I heard of these cars, as they are known the '_ I world over by their success in races and j | reliability runs. The manufacturers of I i the.«e ears, the Studebaker Corporation, i« , a gigantic concern, having a capitil of ¡ one and a half million pound«, occupying ¡ immense factories«, which employ lií,0()o i hand«,, anil turning out at the rate of *i>» motor oar.« |)cr day. It in t-laimc-tl that the Plunder«: and K.M.K. car« are the best value in the^xvorld for the money, anel an inspection of, the models on view ga\\*e the visitor a high opinion of them. Tho-o cars are in ure in all parts of . Austra- lia, and listers speak and write of them in high torms .is to their reliability. Messrs. Clutterbuck Bro«:, are a)«o agents for ths Martini, Russell. Sampson, Bru«-h, and other ears which xvcre shown on their .«tanti. There wv.« al«o a collection of other ma- chinery, ine-luding x-ariou« pumps, etc.. which xvcre well xvorthy of close attention on the part of visitors to the Show. HUME BROS. Rolled-steel pates and fencing, reinforced cement pipes, building blocks, ~&c.;, formed the interesting exhibit of Hume Uros Their steel gates ami fencing are now well known, and they make large weekly ship- ments to other States. During the last few months the firm have made great im- provements in connection with the erection of fences by the use of cement bases anti | pillars in conjunction with their rolleel steel, j This new style of fence produces an "ornate i effect at a very reasonable cost." Man}* I orders are being received for these front- ages, and a more durable and compara-1 tively cheaper fence cannot be etbtained. j The artistic and solid appearance of the i fence enhances the value of any property. ! The cement blocks are 3 ft. long. 9 x 9, ; composed of crushed stone, Gawler sand, j and the finest quality cement, moulded by ; Hume Bros.' patenteel machines and i methods xvhich secure better results than '? hand work is capable of under the x-ery ; best circumstances. The firm pay'special! attention to gate-making. Hume s rolled« { steel gates are cheap, and- they look neater and far outlast wood. . - ' REINFORCED CEMENT PIPES. The Hume Bros. "Cement Iron Com-' pany showed a first-class exhibit of their reinforced cement pipes, which are suitable for sewage, irrigation, and. low-pressure ¡ water supply. The sizes exhibited xvere I mostjy in 6 ft. ' lengths of internal i diameters of 4, 6, 9, 10. 12, l8, and, 21 in. The companv has been several years bring ! ing this industry to perfection, and bola I j world-wide patent rights for their inven j tion. The plant is now in full working ¡ order and turning out supplie» :for private ¡citizen» and Government department.»*, j .Me-r«. Hume Tir"», the'inventors, have ; made a nuifked ndvanvc in pipe tnanufae» turi«. The cement pipe, after :i long ami trying infinity. i> developing io maturity The cry of the country is water, and it seem» to bo answered in, the cement pipe, for it i«- not only the cheapest substano. ]tossible t" make "a pipe of. but it i» at the sam»» time the one imperishable», substance for the purpose. Cn-t iron, admittedly the most durable pipe in use. »tands nowhere for durability in comparison with concrete. Irrigation s'cliemcs will undoubtedly grcatiy bcnefit by the use of the-sf» pipe», while country water schemes will be ca-y ami profitable th.it would otherwise bo im po».sii)lc. Concrete pipes can be made to withstand considerable hydraulic pressure. Experts who have examined these concrete pipe-i predict a great future for the in- dustry. . RARAX LINES. Messr.s. Brinsley and Marcus showed ]tarax soap anti Rarax washing cream. These lint's are made in Melbourne by Messrs. l.lovd & Co.. and although prac- tically new to this market, bier ordprs ave, it is stated, being obtained. "Rarax" is an excellent white product, and is.manufac- turai under an entirely new process. Con .sisting nlnnvt wholly of pure tallow, there i» an absence of injurious chemicals, winch is one of the best recommendations any manufacturer of soaps can claim. The little caustic- used to preserve the mate- rial is counteracted under the process,used, and the gratifying result is proved by the favor, "Rarax"' haß gained in the other States and tfic ever-increasing quantities which are being turned out. Another good point, is that "Rarax" is a hard soap, there being no shrinkage in' the bars. The lather obtained is of p-ood auality. and the lasting properties are proved to the house- holder. The soap is sold in bars. . There is also manufactured a "Rarax" cream for washing purposes. Put up in an attractive looking stamped tin it is one of the cheapest lines at present on the market, for auality and efficiency. One tablespoon onjy is required for one gallon of water. , . / , " BULLOCK-CYCLES.' The Bullock cycle and motor stores' ex- hibit was one that-was well worth inspec I tina:. Their three-speed model push bicycle is claimed to be the meist up-to-date machine in Adelaide, and it is fitted up with Roman (aluminium) rims. Bluemei celluloid side guards., and first grade tyres. Thcv also had the racing model similar to that which the South Australian -cham- pion. William Origg. lode in the 1911 Burra road race. They had six different models i anging from i'9 10/ to £1S. The motor cycles, too. were worth thorough inspec- tion. The Hunibcr and Excelsior machines front 2 h.p. to 4$-h.p.. including the famous 22-h.p. light-weight Humber that gained 2<I0 pointe out of a possible 200 in a recent contest, also the first light- xveight to climb the notorious Dina» Mawddwy. xvhich has a rise ot 1,200 ft. in two miles, also the firft light-weight ladv's motor cycle in Adelaide fitted with the Armstrong three speed gear, «find all the latest 1912 improve- ment«1. Another machine .that called for attention was the Humber 3H>.p. two speed motor cycle, fitted with the latest and most up-ao-date sidecar on the mar- ket. It is a fine combination for anybody requiring to travel with comjpany and yet not wanting to be loaded with a heavy motor car. At the Bullock Cycle Stores, 65, Bundle-street, or 101, Pirie-street, the hrm have the largest stock of cycles and accessories in Australia. EXHTBTT'OF^ULKIES. A pleasing feature of the vehicle exhibits xvas a display of sulkies from Messrs. E. Magor & Sons' factory at Kadina. This firm's sulkies have never been beaten at any of the country shows in which they have been entered, and they attracted much fax-orable comment. Itt their yards at Moonta the firm have large stocks of tim- ber and wheel stuff, which is thoroughly seasoned hy nature, and not by artificial means. The chief feature of their exhibit is a sulky xvhich had extra stagger wheels, with Dunlop rubber tires, od- tempercd springs, selected hickory shafts, and O.G. spindle seat, with all round squab, which made it most comfortable. , A. ABOTOMEY & SONS. '.Dhe exhibit of Messrs. A. Abotomey and Sons consisted of the Booty Lofthouse sys- tem of automatic gas production, the Carri. gan patent blow fly trap, and the Austral automatic safety fire- es- cape. The ' B-boty Lotthouse system is an entirelv new method of pro- ducing a gas for lighting and heating pur- poses from a mixture of air and hydro- carbon vapor. A brilliant, soft, and abso- lutely incandescent light is obtained. A gallon of petrol produces 1,200 cubic ft. of gas, which will maintain a 40-candle power lamp for approximately 300 hours- Apart from lighting, this system can be adapted to any industry xvhere economical heat is required. In Victoria and Western Aus- tralia both the Federal and State Go- vernments bave adopted it, as well as a largs number of private firms.' This xvas the first time the system had been shown in South Australia. Ca'rrigan's patent blow fly trap is a simple device for destroy- ing blow flies on sheep runs. The traps are placed about the paddock, .and tue smell of the bait attracts the flies. The only labor required is the baiting of the tn>2 and the remox*al of tb«. dead flies J The' Austral automatic safety ¿re escape is a machine xveighing only 14 lb. It con- sists of a cable running around a pulley. When_ the maximum speed of o ft. per ¡se- cond is reached a rim brake- is automati- cally applied.. No matter xvhat weight is on the cable it cannot go faster. The breaking strain of the cable used is over ,3,100 1b. J. L. LOB.' ' I The joint, exhibit by J. L. Lob and J. Brandwood. - of- the well-known Davis i vertical feed sexving . machinesj . of xvhich the aualitie3 of simplicity, durability, and efficiency are said to be distinguishing characteristics, situated in" front of the secretary's 'office, in the main' c-ntrauee of the main hall, commanded the attention of ladies.. The-beautiful *ine, ivork, as .shown in the working of the machines, citn'really only be done to perfaetion with the Ver- tical feed (the only x-ertical fed machine in the market), as the needle is in the work xvhile the feed takes place, and therefeie there cannot be any puckering, as happens with underfeed machines. There were on viow various machines from the plainest hind and treadle machines to the beauti- fully gót-up cabinet and drophead coin-, bsned. as xveH as specially strong manufac- turing machines for threadwork of all kinds. There xvas also exhibited Mr. Lob's xvell-knowu electroplated showcase, "filled xrith xxarious articles, re-silvered, nickelled, coppered, brassed, antiqued, &c.; It is stated that- these last ten" years with prdi-, narr xvear. " . E. ANDERS & SONS., j The exhibit, of E. Anders & Sons, agri- ' cntlural engineers, &c;, of Freeling, was situated opposite^ ("the entrance to the grand stand. It consisted of a compre- hensive display of steel shares for cultiva- tors, harrows, drills, and ploughs: ' Culti- vator shares xvere shown in manv designs and shapes, to fit anv make_ of colonial or imported cultivator, equipped -with either clip or1 bolt fixing. For scarifier or spring-tooth harrows. x*arious kinds oft shares were shown. These are also for clip or holt fixing. A full range of steel points for hoe drills xvas exhibited. These can be supplied to fit any make of drill on the market. The "Anders" patent plough share was worthv of attention. It is the lightest draft share, and can -ne fitted to anv plough, both quicklrr and easilv. no'bolts or screws being required. The construction of it prevents rolling .un- derneath, and alloxvs the P-ate to be xvorn right back. In. all the shares made by this firm nothing but the highest quaile? ? steel is used, and right throughout tht5 process of manufacture, careful attention is given to heating, stamping, tempering, &c;, I and special machinery is employed. . The increasing demand for "these shares from all parts of the Commonwealth is evi- dence of their reliable quality. J A strange custom prevails among the In- dians of Alaska. When a difference arises between the two of them, and a friendly settlement seems imposable, one- of them threatens the other with dishonor., He executes his threat by tearing u¡p a certain number of his own blankets. The only way his antagonist can get even writh bira is by tearing up a greater number of his own. The one -who destroys the most blankets is regarded as having won the fight. 