PERSONAL AND SOCIAL. Aid Byrne has resigned from the Coota mundra Council. The death is reported of Mr. John Pot ter, an old South Gundagai resident. ' Sir William Ellison- Macartney, the ^ new Governor of Tasmania, has reachedf Hobart from London. .'..(. , Mr. Robert Meale, a well-known Coota mundra district resident,' died in Sydney on Thursday night. ; :-?;?;?;.- ?..;?..:' Mr. Laurence Oi-uisei youngest1 son of Mr. and Mrs. P. Cruise] of 4;he01obe Hotel, Tumut, died this ' \veek 'from 'rheumatic fever. : _ ^; ;^-; ;\ '*?-??? '-??'' Or. Hawkins, of Tembra,- has feeen selec ted as the Liberal and Country Party can didate for the Murrumbidgee seat 'at the State elections. . ? ' '.''.' Dr. Hamilton, J.P., of Lockhart, who has sold his practice to Dr. Paton, formerly of Wagga, was entertainedvthis week by the residents of that district; .- '??. ??;?. . . ??. . The estate of the late 'George Frederick Gill, general merchant, who died at Tuiriut last December, was sworn for probate pur poses in Sydney at £37,366. Tlie death is reported of Mrs. Shaw, of Berrigan. ,. The poor, old lady .never re covered f ropi; the. shock of her husband's death, which 'occurred recently. ...'.,. The-District Farmers and Settlers' Asso ciation has received the nominations of Messrs. J;, G. Fletcher and R. H. M 'Wil- liams for the Wagga State seat. An enthusiastic patron of music has handed -a, cheque for £300= to Mr. W. A. Laver towards the building fund - of the Melba Hall, University of -Melbourne. The many friends of MY.;p}rJ- M'Clenchy. the well- known Albury business man, will regret to learn 'that -he is in'Va serious state of health at 'Chelvey/' Pirate Hospital. His Excellency Sir Gerald Strickland (State Governor) and Admiral King-Hall, visited Yass last week and were the guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Triggs at 'Linton.'' News was .feceiv^-'ih^Albtiry this week stating that Mr;1 David Watson; son of Mr. D. S. Watson, of Albury, had; died on board the Kyarra, en route ; from ^Brisbane '^ to ? Sydney.' ' ? .''V- :''--'t'^;; r'^,^; ^J'''^'^ Messrs. Herbert Power and Son are open ing a branch at Boree Ci'eek;, and'will be represented by, Mr./ AV;W-3.AstbTi, a:, well known district' resident- arid railway pioneer. ?'. '?:. ' ;' ''' ;' ???'.-?' -;-^- -,: . The nomination of Mr. George Black for the coming State elections was the only one before the Wee Waa electorate Labour council, and he was unanimously selected for Namoi. Mrs. Mary Bailey, relict of the late Mr. Joshua Bailey, one time of Tumut, died at the residence of her daughter, i.-rs. E. W. Sherlock, Arncliffe. Deceased was 80 years of age. A meeting of the State Labour Party was held yesterday. It was expected' that Mr. M'Gowen would announce his retirement and that Mr. Holman would be elected leader of the party. A very old pioneer of Victoria, in the person of Mrs. Sarah ' Saunders, passed away at her residence, Rutherglen, a few days ago. The deceased lady, who was twice married, leaves two sons and three daughters. The sudden death from heart failure is reported from Cootamundra of Mrs. Ra chael Blanch Solomon at the residence of her son, Mr. L. V. Solomon. ? Her husband predeceased her ten years, and she had reached the age of 69 at death. The many friends of Mr. Alf, T. Mangan, secretary of the L.V- Race Club, Albury. who has been very ill. with pneumonia, will be pleased to learn thathe had so far re-. covered as to be able to leave, the , Misses Walsh's private1 hospital bn ''VVedne'sda'y. A quiet wedding, was solemnised at Christ Church, St. Lawrence, Sydney, on the;24th May, between ;Mr.; James Buff reyy stock and station agent,' of Narandera, and Miss Ella Devlin, youngest daughter of the late Mr. M. H. Devlin, of Silverpines, Jeril derie. Mrs. Millington, of Ascot .Vale, Mel bourne, died a few days ago. Prior to her second mariarge, Mrs. Butters had been a resident of Jerilderie for many years, and went from there to Narandera. She leaves three children (all grown up) to mourn their '?? loss. A wedding was celerated at St. Columba's 'R.C. Church, Cootamundra, on Thursday, when Miss Eileen King, daughter of uirs'. W. Booth, was wedded to Mr. E. F. Ogilvie, son of Mr. R. Ogilvie, of Justin street, Cootamundra, by the Rev. Father Lunch. S.S.M. Clive Burt, who has been ap pointed to Queensland, left for the northern State on Monday night. He proceeds to Brisbane for instructions. He played his last game with the Albury Football Club aginst Rutherglen on Sa turday. Mr. J. Wonke, of Wnlla Walla, has re ceived a post card from Mr. Headley, of Wagga, who is on a trip to England with Mrs. and Miss Headley. Mr. Headley says that they are having a splendid trip on ;i fine ship, with 1500 passengers aboard. Mr. Headley writes from the Red Sea. A wedding took place at the Presbyterian Church, Cootamundra, by Rev. John -Cal- der, M.A., when Robert, only son of Mr. Robert Aljie, of Sydney and Miss Middlo ton, of Cootamundra, was married to Elsie Catherine, youngest daughter of the late Mr. William Spike Porter, of Rookwood. In the Farmers and Settlers' Association ballot for a candidate to contest the Coota mundra seat at the forthcoming State elec tions Mr. B. Wittenden, of Stockinbingal, has been chosen by 130 votes to 125 re ceived by Mr. Tom Spring, of Wagga. More than 100 ballot papers were not re turned. Mr. S. T. D. Symons, M.R.C.V.S., Chief Inspector of Stock, prior to his going on six months' leavo of absence, was enter tained by officers of the Stock Department. Mr. M. Henry, M:R,C.V.S., the Acting Chief Inspector, on behalf of his fellowoffi cers, presented Mr. Symons with a gold cigar case. At St. Matthew's Church on Sunday night, members of the choir presented a valuable silver tea service to Mr. and Mrs. W. Bowkett to mark their wedding, which was celebrated at Wagga last Aveek. Both had been members of the choir for some time. The boys of the choir also tendered Mrs. Bowkett a presentation. Mrs. Mary M'Donald,, aged. 76, died at Junee a few days agq.from heart trouble, after attending the winter meeting of the Southern District Club earlier in the even ing. Deceased was the mother of Mrs. Robert Miller, of the Locomotive Hotel, and came from the Hillston district, where her people reside. Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Fletcher, of Wal teela, left Wagga on( Friday .for' Sydney, en route to Brisbane^ Mr;. 'Fletcher \ is' to act as one of' ^ they Iay! rep'resentatives for New South Wales at the sittings of the general conference of the -^Methodist Church of Australia,, which was opened in Brisbane this weeiv. . . : ... ? Mr. Holman. Attorney-General, has stated that whilst ..iintEngland Jie ^.was a great deal surprised to notice the ignorance displayed in certain quarters . on .Australian matters. Canada appeared to occupy first attention in the British n'iindV 'but as the artificial Canadian boom was breaking down, English people were beginning to re gard the prospects of immigration to Aus tralia in a more favourable light. The Kaiser has .been overwhelmed with presents on the occasion of his birthday. The workers at the military factories gave him . a jewelled marshal's.,* baton a -which cost £5000/' and it is estimated that £1,000,000 have been given to charitable and educational foundations in accordance with' the Empierpr.-s^wishV:,'''He':'asked^ that the money should be', disposed of riri this way instead of the purchase of gifts. At Tumut on Thursday, an old and es teemed resident, Mrs. Eliza J. M'Kay, re lict of the late Mr: Richard M'Kay, died. Deceased, who had resided in the Tumut district for over 50 years, leaves a family of three sons, Mr. Robert M'Kay (formerly secretary of the Murray River Water Com mission and now manager of the Geelong Water Commission and now manager of the Geelong Water Trust). Mr. Richard M'Kay (of Tumut), and Mr. Stanley M'Kay (theatrical manager). Arthur Maskell, a young man, residing at Wattle Flat, near Bathurst, while playing tennis at the Upper Turon, was struck on the eye by a ball, and, as a consequence, lost the sight of the eye. Maskell's other eye was destroyed some years ago by a rifle bullet, so that now he is totally blind. Sydney specialists, however, have hopes that the sight of the lately damaged eye may be partially restored. A movement is on foot in the district to raise the necessary professional expenses. Recently a deputation waited upon Mr. H. E. Horne, ex-member for Liver pool Plains, asking him to stand in the interests of the Country Party to contest the Mud~ee seat. Mr. Horne gave the request his consideration, but in view of his past association with Mr. W. Dunn, M.L.A., and the Labor Party, he decided that he could not entertain the proposal. At the same time, Mr. Horne expressed himself as being in accord with the Country Party's policy generally. Mr. Austin Chapman, who has come suc cessfully through the election fight for Eden-Monaro, points out as showing the un certainty of political life, that of the 111 members who were sworn by the King at the opening of the first Australian Parlia ment in 1901, only 29 or 30 will answer the roll call in the New Parliament. Of these 10 or 11 are from New South Wales, two from Victoria, six from Queensland, three from South Australia, four from West A\is tralia, and four from Tasmania. The railway employees at Albury made a presentation and bare farewell to Mr. Orms by, on the eve of his departure for Yarra, whore he will be stationmaster. Mr. Orms by was presented with a purse of sovereigns. Ho was stationed at Albury for about two .years. Mr. Gray, relieving officer in the Newcastle district, has been appointed to succeed Mr. Ormsby. Mr. George Doughty, clerk in the goods sheds, has been trans ferred to Wyalong. His successor is Mr. Bath, of Germanton. Mr. Bath has not yet arrived. The oldest elector in the Commonwealth to exercise the franclii.se in the late election was probably Mr. R. Bodey, of Bostock's Creek, near Camperdown (Vic.) Mr. Bo dey, who is 104 years of age, voted at Coli den. To his friends outside the booth he remarked witli a sinilo that lie expected to be able to vote at the next elections too. At Molong, N.S.AV., Mr. John Mnrniy and his wife, who live at Mandagery Creek, drove 14 miles to Manildra to record their votes. Mr. Murray is 98 years of age, find his wifo is 80. His Excellency the State Governor, Sir Gerald Strickland, attended by Captain Forbes, A.IKC, and accompanied by the MUsses Strickland, visited Yanco on Fri day. His Excellency left the mail train a1 Grong Grong, and journeyed across per motor-car to the Berembed Weir. After having inspected the works there, the party motored through Narandera to Sir Samuel M'Caughey's residence at Yanco. On Saturday morning the Vice-Regal party were shown over the irrigation area, and at midday were entertained at a banquet at Mr. Wilson! s residence Mr. W. A. Holman, Attorney-General, arrived in Sydney on Friday morning, look ing greatly benefited. j.~ie was met at the station by' most of the. Ministry and a host of private members and the general public. There is much speculation as to who will' be the. new Minister when Mr. M'Gowen hands in his resignation. Mr. Holman will be the premier, and Mr. M'Gowen will retire to the position of an ordinary mem ber, and there will be either the Attorney Generalship or the Chief Secretaryship to fill. Mr. Flow or s is regarded as the most likely to have the portfolio. Mr. H. W. Osborne, manager of the Western District Factories Co-operative Produce Company Limited, in accordance with the wishes of the directorate of that .organisation, will leave Melourne for Lon don on 25th inst. The board of the com pany has had under consideration recently the reports which have been received from London regarding the substantial increase in the sale in England of margarine and other butter substitutes, and has deemed it desirable that the manager should be afford ed an opportunity to study the position at close quarters. Mr. Osborne at the same time will look into the system of distribu ting Australian produce, as well as the me thods of marketing bacon, lamb, and fruit received from the Commonwealth. As a result of the heavy vote in favor of Mr. ? Falkiner in the portion of the Riverina which ' comprises the Murrum bidoreo. State .electorate, the prospects of Labor retaining the seat are not too bright . (says Narandera 'Argus'). Mr. M'Garry admits that at present indica tions do not appear as hopeful as he would wish them to be. The selection of a Labor candidate to contest the seat has not yet been made, though arrangements to push on with the selection are well in hand. ... During the past week Messrs. Crowley and Johnson, both aspirants for the honor, visited Narandera to explain their position and to further their candi dature. Mr. Crowley spent some w.eeks in the. electorate during the. Federal cam paign assisting Mr. Chanter. Mr. H. S. Power, a well-known Mel bourne artist, who has achieved fame 'in England, particularly as a painter of ani mals, has returned home, after seven years' residence in the United Kingdom. Spend ing the first two years or that time in Paris at Julien's academie, under M. Jean Paul Laurens, in the French capital, he was made a member of the Beaux Arts. For the last four years he has been a successful exhibitor at the Royal Academy, Royal In stitute of Water Colour Painters and In stitute of Oil Painters, at the Toronto ex hibition and other centres in Canada. Most of Mr. Powers' work in the old country have been hunting subjects ; 6ft. x- 4ft. canvases have been hung on the portrait line at the Royal Academy, and these will be included in the collection of paintings he is exhibiting at the Guild Hall. A pleasant evening was spent at Mr. Ryan's hotel, Gerogery, on June 4, the oc casion being a farewell to ivlr. Schweins berg, S.M., and family, who are leaving Gcrogery for Delungra. Councillor ivi'Geoch was voted to the chair, and said he had known the guest during his sojourn in Ge rogery, and had always found him a most conscientious officer, and always ready to assist in any way, private or public, in mat tors placed before him. He hoped that Mr. Schweinsberg would always think kind ly of his many friends at Gerogery. Mr. 'Woolf was called unon to make the pre sentation, a silver tea and coffee service, suitably engraved. x_e said he hoped that Mrs. -Sweinsberg and family would always think of their friends at Gerogery with kindness, and that they would make as many friends at Delungra as they had at Gerogery. Mr. Schweinsberg suitably re sponded. Immediately on his return to Sydney, Mr. Holman had various conferences with members of the State Ministry, and, with the information given to him at Fremantle and by Mr. Flowers during the journey from Albury, was pretty well posted as to the political situation when he reached home. He declined, however, to speak on either State or Federal poli tics, though there is no doubt that the change in the Federal aspect has caused the State Labor Party much serio\is con cern. Nothing has yet been definitely decided regarding the date of Mr. M'Gowen's resignation or the necessary reshuffling of Ministerial seats, but it is understood that a meeting of the Caucus has been summoned to take place near the ond of the month. Whother there will be changes before then remains to be seen. Everything will depend upon Mr. Holman himself, and the manner in .which he is ablo to unravol the tangles that are awaiting him. Thore passed away at Kiama on Satur day afternoon a notable identity in the per son ol' Mr. Cornelius O'Callaglian Ryan, at the sige of 72. Deceased was born near the Banks of Blaokwater, county Cork, Ireland. In,the early sixties he joined the Fonian organisation, and consequently bo came a marked man. Ho was about to be arrested one day, but being a great athe lete he ran away from the police and es caped. Ho succeeded in boarding the Brooklyn for New York, and he fought through the civil war of America under General Phil. Sheridan. A few years after he returned to his native town, Mallow, but the signals were against him, and he was forced to flee once more from Ireland. He came to Australia in the ship La Hogue in September, 1877. On arrival in Syd ney he was engaged by the late Mr. George Bullen, Kiama, and eventually became Mr. Bullen's most valued and trusted servant. Later on he joined the service of the I.S.N. Company- where he was much respected. His first cousin, Dr. O'Callaglian, is the present Archbishop of Cork, -Ireland. A Cookardinia correspondent writes- as follows: — 'A most enjoyable dance was held in the Cookardinia Hall on Wednesday, 4th inst. The ball which was organised by the committee of management in aid of the building fund was financially and other wise a great success. At an early hour visitors began to arrive, and among them' were noticed residents of localities from ten to thirty miles distant, and when dancing commenced there were fully 60 couples pre sent. Mr. Cornish, the secretary, assisted by an able committee, had the spacious hall in readiness for the occasion, and a most pleasant time was spent, and the patronage the committee gets from the surrounding district^ shows the popularity of Cookardinia for social amusements. On this occasion - the expenses of catering were defrayed by the ladies of the district, and the committee is indeed grateful to Mrs. M'Phillamy and other local ladies who came to their assis tance in this direction, and also for the assiduous and \manimous way they worked to make the dance the success it undoubted ly was. The music was supplied by Mrs. Al lardyee (piano) and Mr. E. Paskins (violin) and was all that't:ould be desired. Messrs. James and Pat Parnell proved most effi cient M.C.'s.' ' ' A Bungowannah correspondent writes :— - 'In the removal by death of the late Niels Jeppe Nielson, of Bungowannah, who died' at him home, 'Golden Valley,' on Thursday, 5th inst, another hardy pioneer passes beyond our vision, after many months of suffering, borne with the patience and fortitude inherent of the hardy race from which he is descended. A native of Denmark, he arrived in Victoria at about the age of 22. After participating in ±he excitement and changing scenes at the Ovens and Gippsland gold fields for two years, he visited his native land. Return ing to Australia , he took up .125 acres of land at Bungowannah, named it 'Golden Valley,' upon which he lived until death closed a long, arduous life. He was at tended through his fatal sickness by his faithful wife and step-daughter, for whose untiring ministrations he expressed to the writer of this outline,, his deep sense of gratitude and satisfaction for all their care and readiness to anticipate his every want. Followed to his last resting place by many old friends, who had known and esteemed^ him for his sterling qualities and upright dealings with all he had business with. Sprung from a hardy race of Norsemen whose daring deeds are a fact of ancient history, in himself he displayed many of their qualities being a fine specimen of the Danish people, waa a good settler, careful, independent, well-read in all matters per taining to welfare of this State in particu lar, a Liberal in politics In his younger days he took official duties in Church of Eng land life, not prominent among others be cause of the difficulty of expressing himself iii English ; yet, withal, a warm supporter of all he thought best for the State. To all such we offer oiir tribute of respect, and may well follow his example and unite to make great the Commonwealth of which we form a part. Vale.' - 