DOMINIONS COMMISSION LBy Telegraph.] BRISBANE. April 8. fXthe Dominion« Trade Commission toot further evidence in Brisbane to-day. ba Edgar Vincent presided. E. G. E. Scriven. Under-secretary for Agriculture and Stock, stated that theo- retically preliminary training for im- migrants would be invaluable, but practi- cally he did not see how it would be use- ful except at {great expense. About 3000 odd nominated immigrants came to Queensland last year, fifty of whom de- scribed themselves as farmers and about 200 a» farm labourers. The best way to make a man'into a farmer was to-let him work out Ids own salvation. Questioned with regard to^emçloymènt' in Queens- land, witness declared emphatically that there was no lack of- employment here oil the land. From the day that an im migmnt landed he could obtain work. Thc jfarmers were crying out for men. Wages were pood and everything was good. Witness mentioned that Queens land was the only State which exported, ?butter 'in w»éi^mon»h>"of''the «-Teer. Dur« ing bbc ' winter months a proportion of the 'butter went «outh and was used in, order, that tile southern people might ex- port.; Weir butter oversea^ Grading was desirable in the interest of the State, lt kept mp the standard. With regard to the bandung of produce in England, witness, stated that the first handling in London was satisfactory ; but tho trouble was that the butter, when «old to blie retailer, was blended with other butter and sold as the best Dorset; the best Danish, or whatever the name might 'be. By Sir Alfred Bateman : Australians were great consumero of meat. They ate meat three times a-day and drank tea four tunes a-day. On the subject cf sugar-growing, witness expressed the em- phatic opinion that the days of large sugar estates in Queensland were over and that the increasing tendency was for farmers to plant forty or fifty acres with cane and send the product to the central mills. There was no more reason why the cane-grower should own a mill than ¿bat a man who grew wheat should own a flour mill. The central mill system was an extension of the co-operative principle followed in connection with dairying ap- plied to sugar-growing.' The tendency was to increase the number Of central mills. David Jones, cotton expert, said that he was satisfied that the Soil and climate of Queensland were eminently suited fori cotton cultivation, as was, indeed, two-1 thirds of Australia. Some of the cotton raised in Queensland had been valued by Lancashire cotton-spinners at as high as j ls. per Ki. The position of Australia was almost unique, since'there was ho por- tion In the world where so many varieties of cotton could <be raised, except, per- il*]». Central Africa. Cotton grew wild in this Continent. Practically all the Australian cottons were perennial. There was no doubt, according to the adjudi- cation of the Cotton Growers' Associa- j tion of England; that cotton could be grown successfully in Australia. Mr. Garnett : And despite the great cotton-growing potentialities of your] climate and soil, your firm conviction is that the lack of population debars you from successfully entering into competi- tion with the great cotton countries of j the world f | Witness : Yes, that is my conviction. From cotton-growing in Queensland £4 per acre could be realised against lös. per acre from dairying. The Chairman : From the point of view of a healthy, virile race, do you think there " is no other form of agriculture, more favourable than ootton-RTOwing I Witness : None whatever. W. R. Wilkie, on behalf of the Bris- bane Chamber of Commerce, said that there was a great field for a reduction in the cost of ânter'Imppriàl telegraphy. A state-owned cable ivas the remedy for the present high rates. Tim Hon. A. J. Carter, M.L.C., gave evidence regarding the probable effect of the opening of . the Panama Canal on Australian trade. The principal advan- tages, in his opinion, would 'be a reduc-1 tion in the distances between Europe and Australia, an increase in tho tonnage of vessels, and a consequent reduction in freights. Brisbane would greatly benefit j as tho first port of call on thc inward and the last on the outward voyage. It would form thc distributing port of Aus- tralia, a naval base, and a harbour of refuge. Thc Commission then adjourned until to-morrow. " It is a curious trait in feminine character," write« a male observer, " hut a mother is always surprised to learn that her daughters are always ss old as 