I'oal Chatter. "on of the carnalities tf the min* I f the Illthraciic mines ot ^ M Amsrican, English, Welsh, Scotch, ^ ^ Slavonian, Italian, Wliin the following statistics axe read „e might well say "Australia s ;_A reiat compil?- Pfflish, Hiungarjaiv Austrian, Swedisli, Russian, • Belgian,' (BoMmian, French, Finnish', Canadian, Lithuanian, Greet,' Tripolean, Danish, Syrian Monttenegrin, and Jlorwat. The workers classified "American" include all those born in America even it their parents were foreign and did not spcaik a word of {English,, and j sererai groups like the Slavonians,, are (capable of still further' division. The following article "The Labour Supply" from the "Coal Age" n"g)it he of interest to 5ur reade r f._J n " ln f e . than one :- ,' le f oaI f lnrtus1r y seldom finds Jtseld free from difficulties of one * ind or another. When the demand for coal becomes urgent, and, as a consequence, prices are firm, it. usual l ' ; develops that the railroads f rc ""able to cope with the heavy to'magc, or, as is now the case, ™ labour SUPP'V proves inadequate 1 lle coal market has seldom ex- P?rienccd such a buoyancy at this tiie y^r, except when abn ° rmal conditions such as strikes, t-•, h a v e prevailed. It is difficult, however, to keep the miners at w ° rk d "ring the pleasant summer months, for, as is well known, there are few classes of people having such migratory habits as the average coal miner. ' The weather prevailing during the present spring has been particularly favourable to outside work, and thus manv of tlic miners have been attracted'to this form of employment with the re- suit that complaints are general in :all the mining districts that there pronounced inadequacy in the supply .of labour. It is thus natural that we should turn our eves ,lnon thc [n|Iow of imml(!;rants into | (,ilis C0Untrv, as it is only in this direction that we can look for anv relief so long as industrial activity continues general throughout the country. The official reports of i immigration at present are hiehlv favourable. There have already heen several new high monthly- records established this year, while tbc final figures for June promises to exceed the record for that month which was established in 1907. Another significant feature is the fact that the large steamship lines, sailing from, continental ports, have found it neoessarv to put on extra ships during the last two months. Should there be a slowing down in industrial activity which may be expected as an aftermath of thc unsettled conditions in financial circles, it now seems probable that the country will be facing «n oversupplv rather than a paucity of labour. In tills connection it is interesting to review the new legislation pending with regard to immigration. It seems, now that the literacy test, by which it was proposed to restrict the influx of foreigners down to only the more d'esirablc classes, has been definitely* abandoned. Rut in its place there is now: another bill being offered which proposes to restrict thc number of aliens of any nationality to, not to exceed ten per cent, of those already resident in this country according to the preceding census ; it is provided, however, that not less than 5,000 of anvi nationality may be admitted. Aliens returning from a temporary visit do not comc under the provision of this Act, nor do those coming to join near relatives. -Members of professional an4 business classcs will a Iso be admitted." Kentucky Mines and Worilflmen'a Compensation. Synopsis.—'The author describes thei advantages of fllati ,forn» of compensation which divides the -losses evenly among tihe operators of the State, regardless of Kb© mine atl which the accident took place. HeJ compares this iwitjh the employer's liability decisions, which are satisfactory to no one but, the lawyer, who, as a result ot the present jury system, Is the principal $tersoa • to *. bq compensated. » In at least 37, of the Stjatss of America, tfoare tew toen ,adop/tad, or are now under consideration, laws providing workmen's compensation practically abolishing -tihe old common law defences, wiibh (which . the employer could froqiieii% ' meet suits for personal injuries wiiich. arose from, accidents to 'men ait work. In 13 of these States, the new! system ts now in oration<in fchW 'o-tfoet p 22, the subject is Jbjeiingl considered with a view to loglialafHon. But in Kentucky'. & yet, personal injury t t suits still multiply ;. courts are cloegcd ; all the other evils of the'old era flourish mightily, and no official notice has beent taken of 'what; is an apoch-ma&ing; change all', over ' the civilised world. ' T Comptnsatton Jte the Greatest Faotois in Social Evolution Since Civil War. r The principle ol Workmena' comiwi" Ration is declared to be tbe greatest factor in social evolution since the g civil war ; its embodiment in modem law is declared to mark an nnxirtant step in industrial evolution. Certainly it has been the mpre prcta ncct feature of thc Labour Lesiglation -all over the world for several years. Rattening c to „ degree alter the European nations, the .Unites Slates jGovernmcmj first adopted the principle for compensating accidents at tic. naval stations, arsenals and In the limited sphere of federal jurisdiction. Later, one by one, the various states, led by Maryland, have adopted laws, extending' this protection- to the lnore nnuierous individual corporations." • I shall not discues the abstract principle at length. Its essential value rests in the distribution of economy in loss arising- from an accident fcy removing tills loss bum Has «or several employers and" employees and ddv. ldicjr it among all the persons engaged in tlie industry, an question, thereby placing that loss finally «m the 'cot^urner, in the form of a light increase in price on jivery unit lot' mat-' ufacture which lie jjuys. i h 