\- ii. . i i i.. i Gossip for Women, Notes from Sydeey., i i i SYDNEY, September 9, Dear Cynthia,—' The ball at Government llouse, in honour ol the parliamentary visitors, seems like ancient history, as it was held ou Wednesday in last week, hut u few words must uo iwx'oruoii to i-iiis function,, as it was generally admitted to he ofie of the best vice-regal halls ever given in Sydney. Newly clone up in while and gold, the ballroom looked bril liant, and the lawns, with , an . awning, snread overhead, were a great addition to the spaciousness of the premises. Lady Edeline Strickland was present all the evening, anil although she" did not move about much, everybody was glad to sec that the fatigue of a whole even ing's entertaining of so maiiv guests apparently did her no harm. Lady Etn- niott, Ladv and Miss Carlilc, Lady Col lins, and the other ladies front, over seas were delighted at our Stale Governor's hospitality, and their gowus were the admired of all. Lady Strick land wore amethyst brocade, which material was greatly favoured by most of our distinguished lady visitors. Dia monds and old lace added to the effect of - splendour, which was the note ol the hall. It was generally thought that Sirs. Evelyn Beerholim was tnc hello of the ball. As Miss Elsie Anderson, Mrs. Bcer- bohm, held first rank as a beauty, and lier few years' matrimony have hut in creased her prcltiuess. Mrs. Bccrbohm wore heliotrope satin ami a gold spotted scarf. On the next night. Mr. and Mrs. Beerbohm, wbo arc devotees of the new style of dancing, gave a dinner party, and a dance to follow on the Thursday night, at which many of those wlvo had been at Mr.; John M'Cormack's concert, put in an appearance, among them Captain and Mrs. Ronald Forbes and Captain Talbot. Pretty girls by the score, and partners iu plenty, helped to make this little two-step party one of the most pleasant of the season. Debutantes were in good company at the Governor's ball, for it saw the offi cial "coming out" of Miss Strickland. Miss Regan (of Taunvorth), Miss Fitz- patrick, and Miss Pearl Gannon made their first appearance in society on that occasion ; also Miss Earp, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. Earp, of Point Piper. Miss Gannon, the daughter of the well known K.C., was chaperoned by Lady Carru- llicrs. The home of Mr., James Gannon's family is at Doll's' Point, Sandringham, a remote suburb on the shores of Bot any Bay, which is devoted to fishing mostly. To the debutantes at Government House hall, the new dances presented no terrors, and the girls showed up well in two- steps and "Bostons." Honours were about easy, lor as many danced one . way as tile other, the old school of quiet, re strained waltzing . finding about 50 per cent of followers. Ospreys wave from every second head at balls and theatres now. Nothing has come up to dethrone the expensive and cruelly obtained crest of the heron, from its supremacy in the world of frivolity. Bjg tiaras, with an osprcy stuck in the middle, look dashing on some heads, and on others, merely conspicuous. Sideways is the favoured position for the feathers however, float ing at the side' of the chignon. Bands of pearl, ribbon, or gold leaves, or wheat cars confine the tresses, keeping thorn as close to the head at the sides as pos sible. a graceful, sensible stvle of hair- dressing now prevails, and the lines of the >head, often a very charming contour, are. not concealed. Miss May Huxley, the soprano assist ing the tenor, Mr. John M'Cormuck, wore a gown at the first concert, - which was much admired. It was of absinthe green ninon, beautifully finished with a tunic and corsage of gold embroidered tissue. Many well known faces were among the audience which, was a large one, including almost to a man and woman our pro minent Irish citizens, who lore to hear the old sweet Irish ballads from' the lips of the singer, who is a true son of old Erin. "A broth of a boy" must have been the epithet often bestowed upon Sir. M'Cornuek in the days before lie was famous. But you will soon be having the pleasuro of hearing his sweet silvery tenor for yourselves, and can form your own opinion. Miss Huxle.y's portrait ap pears elsewhere in this issue of the "Tele graph." Gence dances away like a fairy or a moonbeam on the water, or nny other poetical simile that rises to' mind. She is entrancing, exquisite, ubkoluto perfec tion. All these adjectives are not, of course, oficred in the critical sense, for the dancer is above criticism,- but just as a faint indication of what Gence can make her beholders feel. And yet it seems al most incredible, but it is true, ami Gence herself acknowledges it, people are confessing themselves somewhat . dis appointed with her performance. Gcnee appeals to a higher stratum of refine ment than ordinary theatregoers possess. Women form the great iiody of Gcnee's admirers here, Seldom do you hear a woman who has seen her, do anything else but rave over the Danish dancer, hut men, strange to say, remain cold to her attractiveness. Gcnee's dress in her new donee ' is a charming piece of Dresden elrina preltincss. In the polka comique she wears an aincthvst muslin satin striped skirt, and a quaint little bonnet while her partner, M. Volinin,' is clad in an appropriate pierrot costume. ."Futurist" fabrics glow brightlv at us from shop windows on all sides. Ribbons, silks, embroideries, hats -all fall under the sway of this new obsession. It is just about as hard to describe a "futurist" pattern to anybody who has not seen one as it is to describo the new frocks, and how>- they are built. And that is voted well nigh impossible. They say (in the costume departments of our largo drapers' shops) that fashion reporters this season simply do not begin to wiite up the wondrous creations of skill and taste which they (the costuiniercs) aro building in our behalf. But while one admits that the plaint is well founded, one pleads the impossibility of tbe task, as " crazy as a cubist" has passed into a proverb. Tho new fashions fairly run athwart all our old notions of "what was what," and imagination boggles at the task of describing most of the current iiuery. The Governor and Lady Edeline Strick land entertained at dinner on Monday Mr. and Mrs. Hamar Greenwood and Mr. and' Mrs. B. It. Wise. Mrs. Greenwood, who is with her husband staying ut the Australia, has not hitherto been able to enjoy the expeditions, arranged fur the parliamentarians, owing to her indisposi tion, from which she has happily recov ered. The Royal Art Society's exhibition is a social centre of tho week. Attendances are keeping well up to the mark.' and parties are givcu on some evenings, for which the well arranged and well lighted rooms arc well fitted. Nine young hostesses, including Miss Oxuard- Smitb, the secretary's daughter, got together an interesting programme on Monday night. Songs, piano selections nad reci tations wcic given by some of the luist- csses and clever friends. 'Among the guests were many artists and their lie- longings, also a sprinkling of the mote cultured portion ' of local society. The subaltern dance of the 21st and 24th regiments took place oil Thursday night in the Fuddiuglou Town llali. Tho decorations were uncommonly smart, regimental colours, biinting, flowers, and shaded lights nil lending their aid in producing a bright effect, and, when the grand march, which opened the »ro- grammc, was gone through, everybody was charmed with the brilliant scene. Lieutenant and Mrs. Benjamin were host and hostess, and the majority of guests were youthful. All had a very good time indeed. Stocks are in blooni just now at their best. They brightened Hie Queen Vic toria Club ou Friday afternoon, when Airs. W. A. Fox and .Mrs. Scaimnell wcrq at home. Alvsic was the feature of the afternoon, and'n political aspect was ob served among the guests, as is befitting to this club, which was formed out of the Women's Liberal League. BishopscoUl't. was the scene of social bustle and activity, mi Friday aitexuoon, when tile archbishop opened a fele in connection with the Ladies' Home Mis sion Union. Bishops foregathered from various corners of the globe, and an op portunity was given them of meeting some of our laymen and clerics in a very pleasant, way, Hishopscourt being an eminently suitable spot for entertaining. The move from Randwiek to Darling Point has been a popular one in every respect, for the old Bishopscourt was wofully out of the way, and the bring ing of tlie Anglican minister and bis en tourage more into tho midst of tilings, has been all to the good of both church and people. Sit Henry and Lady Stephen, the Bishop of Tokio, the Bishop of Tra- vaucore, the Bishop of Tinnevclli, the Dean of Sydney, Lady Barton, Miss Then Milncr Stephen .were among those pre sent. To-morrow (Thursday) the long talked of Tasmanian evening at the King's Hall is to come off. Mrs. Cecil Youl, the moving spirit, has gathered together a band of kindred souls . from among those who once dwelt in Tasmania, but are now Sydney residents. Sir Gerald and Lady Edeline Strickland are going, as they still retain a deep interest in tho island where they once reigned. A Scottish wedding was celebrated on Wednesday evening at the Presbyterian Church, Randwiek, when the Rev. and Airs. C. II. Talbot's third daughter, Evelyn, was married to Air. Leslie Al'Leod White, of the Crown law office. Mr. A. W, Meeks, M.L.C., gave away the bride, and her sisters were bridesmaids. Sweetpeas and violets were the flowers chiefly used for the decorations and bouquets. The wedding was a very pretty one. '< \AIiss' Madge Titlieradgc, in "A Fair Highwayman," (assumes masculine garb, which, as an eighteenth century bush, ranger, she wears with much grace. Mr. Lewis Waller looks at his best in cos tume parts; nn.d the setting of the play is very effective. Among the audience on the opening night were Air; Dcvereux, the author of the play, and bis wife, also all the usual first-nighters. A very success ful evening was (lie result, and both he- fore anil behind the curtain, "the world went very well." " Air. Percy Hunter, . director of immigra tion, has been very busy since liis . returjn with official and other work. He Js leav ing to-morrow for Alclbourne to report to Air. Watt, the Victorian. Premier, and will probably leave lor London before the' cml of the year. Mr. and Airs. Hunter will not take up house in Sydney for some time, as his family will go back with him to London. Airs. Hunter, after a long spell o£ illness, is now happily recovered. The engagement is announced of Aliss Alary Bnnnistcr-Counsele, younger daugh ter of Air. C. W. and the late Mrs. Counsele of Slimmer Hill, and Air. Reginald Trimble, son. of Mr. and Mrs. John Trimble, of Centennial Park. Congratulations are warmly extended by his many friends to Aid. Milner Stephen on his engagement ,to Miss Alolly Gra- hain, of Brisbane. Miss Graham is, a relative of Airs. Alylne, ol Rose Bay, and is well known in society here. Air. Justice and Airs. Gavan Duffy aro staying at the Australia, where Mrs.- Duffy gave a luncheon partv on Thursday to a group of legal luminaries' wives. The guests were Ladt Cullen, Alcsdames Isaacs, Rich, Street, Wise, Tom Uolin, T. Hughes, O'Gorninn. Hughes, Lane, and Alullins. A legal dinner partv was given on another day by Air. and Mrs. H. C. Rich, Mr. Justice Gordon, Air. and Airs. Knox, and Air. and Mrs. Owen were among the guests. Tho very important topic of immigra tion was dealt. with by the last meeting of the National Council of Women, at Government House. Airs. Barff, whose paper was the piece de resistance, is the clever wife of the registrar of the Uni versity, and . the daughter of the late Government astronomer, Air. William Rus sell, Air. Easlou, of the Immigration League, also spoke. Mrs. Barff dwelt chiefly on her subject from a woman's point of view, and the mistaken idea that prevails iu some quarters in the old country, that women can benefit them selves by coming to new countries with out knowing exactly what they are com ing to. Women who intend to leave England, and settle in Australia, should first of all make all inquiries and ob tain all' tbe colonial information they can.' The topic is a "live" one at present, so members present indulged in a brisk dis cussion under the presidency of Lady Edeline 'Strickland. ' PHOEBE. ' 