Cable Messages. HALIFAX (Nov» Scotia), January 13. l'ho steamer Uranium ur aground, -There wssno paoio among the passsn gen. Tha bow plate* were ripped on a rock ledge ten miles from the shore. .The vessel ii not likely to be salvaged. i£jght hundred were transhipped to toe ?lifeboat* and landed safely. The crew are still aboard. ST. PETERSBURG, January 12. A Peking telegram states thaVRus «ia lisa informed China that she does not seo any nWjsssity to postpone pay . meat of the Boxer Indemnity, in .?»? of &t-; fact tin* China, while alleging a .bck of funds, is 'ncurhng heavy «x r penditare on war material and -army -erganies£-ra. . ' . ST. PETERSBURG, January 13. A grant naphUm lire has broken .ant at Grosnyi in Northern Oaucasia, Five boiling tourers and several reser voirs are burning. COPENHAGEN, January 13. The Danish steamer Axel collided with nod sank a German *pg boat off Onxhaveii. Six were drowned. I BERLIN, January 13. .1 A defective chioney set fire to the new palac-3 at Potsdam. The Kaiser assisted to extinguish the flames. Some .valuable furniture was damaged SOFIA, January 13. The 'Mir,' commenting on Rouman ia's claim soys Roumania, like the ether Powers, expected that the Allies would be defeated, and that had she joined the allies they might, have oocomoiish. ed the freeing of the Chitttians with out bloodshed. Roumania can only regret the loss of a, propitious oppor tusity instead of claiming any Bulgar ian territory. PARIS, January 12. The police have identified Scboene, the BnkliowTnnrderer, as being the no torious criminal Sternickel, who is minted for murder in 63io:a in 1905; -also for a series of daring robberies. One of his accomplices at Bukhmv has confessed. The mob attacked and badly manlad Scnoeoe on his way to gaol. ATHENS, January 12. Advices from Corfu are that the Turks and Albanians burned 120 houses in tiie village of Koranizza, tortured and massacred 80 women and obildron. CETTINJE, January 12. The Turks at Tarabosch attacked the .Montenegrins, tut were repulsed. ? The Montenegrins are very bitter at ^the non-recognition of the Armistice, ^end threaten to resume fighting. NEW YORK, January 12. Ex-President Castro, who is being detained by the immigration author ities, made a statement to the press to- day. 'I am not sure yet whether I will go back to Paris,' he said. 'It is ?ot true that I intend to go back to Venezuela to lead another revolution 'backed . by German influence. 'A'l my lands and money which I had in Venezuela have been taken by General Gomez. I am ruined. He Bobbed mp of 2.^.000,000 frames and ?even took my horse and mule and house furniture after I had left for Europe to undergo an operation 'Everything is lost, even my honor. ' MADRID. January 12. The prolonged drought in the Onnsi district culminated in labour riots. At Carballvng tho rioters pillaged the cel lars and granaries. Troops were des patched to iiwll tho disturbance. Seunr Maura has lespouded to the Cons »rvati.- » appeal and hns resumed the leadership. LONTON, January 12. There is a recruiting boom at Ports mouth. Recruits are also unusually plentiful elsewhere owing mainly to Mr Churchill's improved conditions. A valve blew out on the liner Ara guaya (it Southampton. Two men were killed and two are in n precarious con dition, while several were seriously in jured. Heuter's agency states it is belicvej that Chnkro Pasha partially reviotual led Adrianeple, seising, despite the ar mistice, a food convoy which v/aa inUn.-) fd for the Bulgariaas at Chatsddja. The National Poultry Club 'disens «d the raising of three thousand ?unds for the purposes of an Empire exhibition at Olympia . this year. 'With -the esoaption -rf ttree, ' tie emigrants for Sydney who were on board tie Naming, have decided cot to go by other steamers. They will stay ajj home. Mr. Bennatt Burleigh, the '(Daily Telegraph's' '7eteran war correspond ent Is the Balkans, tit, seat a. remwk able letto to his journal, in which 'h» predicts that hostilities will be .resumed He says that Turkey is bound to be beaten. ' Neither' her schemes of fin anoo nor politics would enable her to recover an inch of her lost territory, and if Austria or Rouirgnfo, who threat en to move, go to her rescue, 1jhat will involve an evjn more disastrous «oni plioation- Russia will then be unsUs to withhold her hand, and Europe1 will be inrolved in war. Professor Devar, lectaring befere the Royal Institution on the'sobjeot of meteorite*, aatd that it was true that some meteoric «viu-=o had been found to ocurjain ininuta quant'ties of carbon con-.po\nds vhicb nigge^tei, indirectly that there was animal or vegetable, ex istence at their source. But. he went on, these things might possibly hare liee.i fhsorbed during passage through atmosphere containing theae componnds in a state of vapor. Tn any oaaoi^.mas impossible to prove that ttsrc was » necessary relation be tween th we compou'iJs find the exist iatejfi life. . .A violent rale and heavy snow in the North- df ? England interrupted the telegraphs and railways. The snowdrifts are many feet deep. : The blizzarS in the south of Scot 1 is the worst for years. Work at the shipyards has been suspended. V Dutch sehooner has been wrecked off Carnmustle, the crew of six being gradually swept away. The captain, lashed to rigging, was rescued after 12 hours. Steamers have been wrecked off Yarmouth, and the Blyth crews were saved after terrible experiences. Many, small craft are ashore. The Insa of life is serious. , There are floods at Glamorgan and South Tipperary. LONDON, January 13. It is reported that four of the battle ships of the current programme will carry eight IG.25 guns instead of teu 13.5 guns. Two aviators. MacDonald and Inglis were engaged testing a cew biplane at Green white, when the engine ex ploded and fell into the ThanKs. Both were drowned. The Marconi Committee has invited Mr Samuel's opinion on the draft in terim report recommending the imme diate purchase of sites for the wireless -t:ilions of the imperial chain, and sug gesting that the Government Depart ment should execute the work, also re commending the immediate appoint ment of a highly qualified mechanical committee to advise on the merits of ie various systems and also on any lianfics necessary for the future Mr Niinuel replied that he would gladly act on the first recommendations of tho agreement contemplated, whereby the contracting companies are to (u'ar tte whole risk, there to be no paymont un less tlie stations are in full working order The technical committee ho pro poBed, ought to report within a lim ited time to prevent delays Mr. Samuel added he had consulted the High Commissioners, and he was willing to send a commission cooper ating with the Admiralty, to select the Egyptian site within two months, thence Sooth Africa-wards. Intjuir i* were also seoauary in India and Singapore. He suggested, Ibirtvef, that the.-aehsBM should not be oefer rri tffl Jfes bw* ^St 'iVs .W ^» wlacUd. ' ' . _ ? .V ' Harr GraeU expects to leave' In Oc tober for the airship explorations of New Guinea ofter'a preliminary flight from Berlin to London. The airship will be manned by Germans and Sng. lithnisn, and will be fitted -with six small «oobin« guns for protection from natives'' ' .- ? A' numbef «f Liberal M'g.P. Eat* circulated a OAftmal te lot1 ..IJoW George urgiue a f*4oction ot the.cW ties on sugar, tea Arid other fo'M stuffs. They urge the remo»«l or re-1 duction of these duties to make free trade more secure. The 'Daily Telecrapb' aars the Go vemmnie propoBeg to ' delete from the Franchise Bill the oualifi cation in'respeot of land and premises, leaving the Qualification as 'residen- PABIS. January IS. Cabinet as to the reinstatement of M. Paty du Clam, says it was a fulfilment of a promise by Messimy to his pre decessor. Bis action apparently was' assumed to be unwarranted and of a political character, and he therefore tendered his resignation. The Cabinet regretted the explanation was not ac ceptable to parliament. M. Bernard. Under-Secretary for Finance, succeeds M. le Brun. In some quarters it is iCKarded that the incident 'is part of an intrigue to jeopardise M. Poincare'a prospects of the presidency, tlal' only. This will revolutionise the city of Londoa'a electoral .status, re ducing the electors from 81,000 to 3000 and lonoring the financial and com mercial interests ; other large centres will be similarly affected. Lord Methuen. addressed the Terri torials at Bedford, .and said, that while be MPf»crted,lK-rd Haldane'i jpe); when they hexed Jjord Boheft* .-uppwurijt they might know be -vaa right: ' . -. The 'Daily Mews' aaya the Govern ment'* education scheme will cover ,b longer period, the curriculum .will be broadened, particnUrly in manual and technical instruction. Medical treat ment and steals 'will be extended and the leariiiK see will be raised. There will be more unirertities similar to Liverpool, open to every boy and nirl reachute the ., required ctandard. Schools for mothers, and nursery schools will be established. A gentlemanly cracksman took tem porary possession of a West End resi dence during the owner's absence. The' housekeeper mistook the man for a prospective tenant, and the afiaUe cracksman arranged for two art dealers to inspect certain, art treasures in the house. Eventually these were -sold, and the ' cricksman received 900 cash and disappeared.. 