EMPIRE TRADE. . DOMINIONS COMMISSION. AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL. COTTON GROWING POSSI- BILITIES. Tho. Dominions Trade Commission con- tinued" ils sittings at' Parliament, House ...yesterday, when there weie present: . ijir iidgur Vincent loliuirniau), ¡sir Allied , Uatemau, Hon. G. li. Footer, lion. J. K. L Sinclair, Messrs. W. Loi'imct, T. Garnett, und J, Tatlow. The first witnevs called was, E. G, li. 'Scriven (Under tii-eietary ioi Agncultinc), i vvlio, examined by the chuiuwui, slateil , tluit _ theoretically ,i pielinmiary training ' - ior immigrants would be valuable, but ? practically he did not hcu how it would , bo useful, except at gi eat expense. About , .1UU0 odd nominated immigrants carno to t. Queensland last year, of whom SU de Inscribed themselves as farmers, and about ÄgUU ¡is farm Inbouiers. The b dance Were ?*"Af ' various callings,, ami it would italic mole than a >ear to make them into | I farmer*-. The best way to make, a man into a farmer was to let hiin vvoik out his own salvation. Questioned in regaid to employment in Queensland, wain«* de- clared emphatically that thcie was no lack of eniplo.v munt heie on the land. l''rom the, day a migrant landed he could obtain work; the farmers weie crying out for men, wages were good, everything was good. The Ohiiirinan : We have had somo evi- dence that three months' experience on the land is useful '!-Too short entirely. It would take some men who come out 'heie from the towns three mouths to learn how to put on the haines. (Laugh- ter.) ' The Chairman (smiling) : That is a rather low estimate of the adaptability ot migrants. The witness was questioned by the chaii man as to the propoition ot the produce at the station, the gracing selection, and tne farm that was exported overseas. He stated that the whole of the produce ot the stations, which waa wool and meat, was exported overseas; and the wliole of the produce of the grazing selection, winch was meat, was also exported. Jn the ciu<-e. oi farmers, two-thirds of tho butter wns ' exported, bul the rest of the farm produce went into local consumption. He men- tioned that Queensland was the only »tate ?which exported butler in eveiy month of the- year. During the winter months n .' proportion of the butter went South, and was used . in order thal the Southern ' people might export their own butter over st-nsi. '? ' H"ow far have you adopted the system .of Government grading?-We apply it to 1 all butter that is exported overseas. Do your arrangements for grading work satisfactorily ?-Entuely so. And are universally popular ?-1 cannot say thal. We find that compulsory frrad '. ing leeepB up the standard of butter, and ilirectlv you drop it the standard of but- ter falls. . Government grading has the effect, of . increasing the reputation of Australian 1 butter in'the oversea niaikcts?-Yes. Do you apply grading to other produce? ; -Xo; but meat is iuspei-ted. Von give a certificate oi 'healtliiness, not quality ?-That is so. The London buyer ' can purchuso on certificate of suitableness fur human consumption. v " Do you advocate un extension of the grading system ?-I would not have any . produce go out oversea unless it had been , inspected 1 believe in grading and inspec- tion where possible. Is any legislation in thai direction contemplated ?-No. Witness said grading was' desirable in the ' interests of the State, it kept up the standard and maintained the reputation of our produce. Kegnrding I'he handling of produce in England, witness stated that the first handling in London was satis- factory, but the trouble was that the butter when sold to the retailer was blended with other butter and sold as best Dorset,' best - Danish, or whatever the name might be. This was not fair , to our butter. Witness explained that | butter was purchased in London on the ¡ . grading allotted to it in Queensland, and that grading wau so satisfactory that when the Queensland representativo in London graded tho. butter he almost in- variably confirmed ' the grading al the Queensland end. On tne question of securing labour for the land witness, in reply to Mr. Foster, favoured systématisation. The employers on the lund îclieil on picking I up odd mon in his neighbourhood, j whereas if the Labour Bureau and the I fanners .(could work in together a work- ing system might be evolved whicli would assist the immigrant and be satisfactory Î all round. By Sir Alfied Bateman: Australians were great consumers of meat. They ale meat three times a day and drank tea four times. (Laughter.) On the subject of sugar growing, wit- ness expressed the emphatic opinion that tile days . of our large sugar estates were over, and that the increasing ten- dency was for farmers to plant.40 or 50 acres with cane nnd send the product to the central mills. There,was no ,' more reason why the cane groweiyshould, own his mill than the man who grew wheat should own a flour mill. It was an extension of the co-operative prin- ciple found in dairying applied to sugar growing. It would teud to increase the ,' number of central mills. Daniel" Jones, Stato expert ,in cotton , growing, examined by Mr. Garnett, said he was satisfied the soil and climate of Queensland was eminently suitable for cotton cultivation, as was indeed two thirds of Australia. Some of the cotton raised in Queensland had been valued by Lancashire cotton «pinners at as high as 1/ per lb. The position of Australia was ' almost unique since there wai no portion of the world where so ninny varieties of cotton were raised, except perhaps Central Africa, Cotton grew ?wild in this Continent. Practically all . Australian cottons were perennial. There . was nfc- doubt, according to the adjudi- cation' of 'the Cotton Growers' Associa- tion of England, that cotton could be grown .successfully in Australia. He traced the decline of cotton growing in Queensland, explaining that in 1867 14,000 acres of cotton were grown around Brisbane. The price of cotton was : then high, owing to the American war, hut the cultivation of cotton ' subsequently r ' declined because prices dropped, the values of other kinds of farm produce rose, sugar growing came into vogue, nnd there was a general negligence snown '' in regard to the cultivation of cotton. Mr. Garnett: Are you aware there is a very large demand for cotton, and that the crop this year is short of re- quirements ?-I 'was not aware of that fact. Do you know that European Govern- ments are trying lo foster the growth of cotton in their tropical and sub-tropical possessions, and that Great Britain has guaranteed the interest on -03,000,000, which the Government of the Soudan proposed to expend on cotton growing ? I Witness said "he had read something to that effect. j Asked for suggestions as to the taking \- up of cotton cultivation in Queensland, witness offered the 'opinion that it could i be successfully carried on on small farms, as was being done with sugar. He con- < sidercd cotton growing in Queensland I would be -a practical -proposition at the present moment were it not Tor the lack I of population.. Witness stated that the i yield of cotton in Queensland was from j 120011). to 15001b. per acre, yielding about i 32 per cent, of lint. I . Mr. Garnett : And despite the great I cotton-growing potentialities of climate ' and soil your firm conviction is that; the lacle of population debáis you from suc- cessfully e.ntering "into competition in the great cotton countries of the world?-"Ves, that is my conviction. G. It. Elliott (Assistant Engineer for Harbours and Rivers) gave evidence in regard to the depth of Gladstone Har- bour, i Alexander Mackenzie', a member of the finn of Alfred Shaw and Co.. hardware merchants, gave evidence in regard to. the difference of freights between' English and German steamet s, showing that the German fi eight s were lower. He thought that in view of the fact that British shins had tile biggest portion of the world's trade they should be able to carry as cheaply ns foroign-nsvned vessels, especially to British dependencies. In Agricultural machinery. United States and Canadian manufacturers adapted themselves to Australian requirement», and secured the ¿rade as against the British manufacturers svho seemed to have their hands full in manufacturing their standardised pat- terns without looking for further busi- ness. Daniel Jones was further examined, and stated that from cotton growing in Queensland £4 per acre could be realised against 15/ per acre from dairying. - The Chairman : From the point of view of a healthy, virile race do you think there is no other foi-m of agriculture more favourable than cotton growing ?--None , whatever W. R. Wilkie, on beliaOf of .the Blisbans Chamber of Commerce, gave evidence re- garding cablegrams. He said there was n great field for the" reduction of the cost of inter-Tmperial telcgniphy. Up to[ the end of the los>l century the cost of cable- grams from Brisbane to Great Britain waa 0/ lier word. Subsequently it was reduced at one swoop to 3/ per word. At the-Im- périal Conference of 1911 tbo British Post- master-General bid said that the reduc- tion in the cost of cablegrams ' was quite ?indcqiiatc. Half tile ,cost, ;SJr' Herbert Samuel stated, was-.absorbed ; by the Transatlantic Cable ' Company.. Witness suggested that a State-owned cable was the remedy for tlds ldgh^rate'. ,' , Tho Chairman ;f Gan--you' give us any idea of ?'_ 'the ' increase in message that wai.ld'óciiír if the defewd rate of 1/0 per word, whs charged for ordinary messages ?-There would : un- doubtedly be nn immense increase. Firing wbo now ; cabled their orders would' in- crease the number of their messages, and those wbo did not'now cable would quickly .adopt the system °f cabling. The conces- sions of I/o n svord for deferred messages, and !)d. a word for week-end inossaSes, had not had a fair trial np to now-, as only 5 lier 'cent, of the' population of Australia was aware of these .facilities. ? The great concession ho would like to see -made 'was extending of the deferred cable rate of 1/6 per woril to cypher1 code." The Chairman stated, for the informa- tion of the witness, thal the amount re- ceived by'the Transatlantic Cojnpany. was 1/ out of the charge of 3/ per word. . ' TIou. A. J. Carter. M.L.Ü., gave evidence regarding the probable effect of the open- ing of the Panania Canal on .Australian trade. The principal advantages, in bis opinion, would be .reduction jn distance between Europe and Australia, increase in tonnage of vessels, and consequent reduc- tion ;«i freights. Brisbane would greatly bertcfir, s« the first.poit of catii on the inward voyage and the'hist call on.the outward journey. It would form a distri- buting port for Australia, a naval base, and ii harbour of refuge. Thcs Commission adjourned until 10 a.m on the following day. TOOWOOMBA, April 8. ^ The members .of the Dominions Royal < ominission will visit Toowoomba **on Thursday, anti will be accorded a civic-re l (option by the Mayor. They will visit'the ¡ principal local industries during the day, and in the evening will be entertained ni a 'banquet.' * On'- Friday" morning a . visit i ÏÏ11 l,eTmaäe ta Cresley, the residence oí Mr. J. II. Cecil Roberts, returning in tim« to leave by the mad train for tile South. 