Interesting Items. THE following items of information have been selected from files received by the latest mails: — 'Lord Mayor's Day' this year was to be observed on November 10, the pageant being founded on Waterloo and Trafalgar, RtiRPRtoT'ii nf Sir T. Vaneittart Bowater. the Lord Mayor-elect, having fought at both these battles. Obsolete warships which cost £2,000,000 to build have been sold at Portsmouth for £100,000. Three of the earliest submarines realised an average of less than £400 each. The Royal Sovereign, a warship launched ifa 1891, and for- years the pride of the Channel Fleet, was sold for £40,000. -, A map indicating the German territory over which foreign airmen may not fly has been handed to the French authorities, under an agreement arrived at by the two countries. ? Dr. Elias Krolunitszy, of St. Petersburg, has published a treatise in which he de clares that eating . is an unnecessary and pernicious habit, .the mere display of food before a person's eyes being quite sufficient 'in favourable circumstances' to satisfy the appetite. Three sons of three Deal aldermen were married within three days, the dates being mutually arranged. The bridegrooms' fathers were three ex-Mayors, and had each 'been elected chief magistrate for three years, in succssion. Eggs broken on the way to market repre sent £15,000,000 a year wasted energy on the part of hens, according to statements made at the annual convention of the Na tional Poultry, Butter, and- Egg Association, at Chicago. About £200,000,000 a year is the value of the total egg output in the United States. * Unhatched crocodiles (says 'Knowledge') utter a cry from within the egg— a cry that can be heard when the egg& are .covered, as in nature, by one to two yards of sand. Nuneaton Smallpox Hospital, which has cost the ratepayers £10,000, and never had a patient, will shortly be opened as a sana torium for consumptives. Two million ladybirds, which had been imported in a half -frozen condition from San Francisco to Chicago to fight fruit pests, 'were accidentally released by a cold storage attendant. The ladybirds were revived by the warm air, and were flying about Chicago before the attendant realised his mistake. The Yarmouth .Education Committee have arranged for open-air classrooms on the roof of a new school they are aboi^ to build. Mr. W. D. Claridge, of Roxboroughave nue, Harrow, has written to the Harrow Council objecting to his house being num bered '13.!' The council have decidedly in future to substitute '12a' for the unlucky number when desired. The Dean of Rochester, preaching in Rochester Cathedral, referred to the preva lent unrest, and said he would like to ex punge the word 'rights' from the English dictionary. If men and women would think more of their duty and less of their rights, peace, happiness, and prosperity would abound. \- When Mrs. Lizzie Gion, of St. Louis, who weighs 53st 81b, wanted to go on a short train journey recently, the services of her husband, two guards, three porters, and a luggage truck were necessary to hoist her * ino the railway -carriage. Several children in Philadelphia recently gave a party in honour of the twenty-sixth birthday of Thomas, the official cat of a public square where the children play. Thomas has never wandered from the square since he was born, and thousands of children know and play with him. ?- 'Between 1872 and 1913 the number of pauper lunatics in England and Wales, ac cording to a recent Blue: Book, has risen from 49,986 to 123,844, an increase of 148 oer cent. There was a happy reunion recently at the meeting of the Alien Immigration Board, when a little girl was allowed admission and met her mother, whom she had not seen for nearly ten years. The mother left the child in Austria while she came to England and saved enough to support her. Only one ploughboy could be found in 25 parishes to compete for £3 10s in prize money offered in a ploughing contest' at Manuden, Essex, recently, It was stated at ' the 'luncheon that boys would do anything on a farm except plough. . - Judge Ware, of Martined, California, while ?? ( eating fried oyste'rs at San Francisco, en countered 'something hard, which proved to be a pearl., A jeweller told him that the frying had ruined' the pearl. If he had or dered the oysters to be stewed he could have sold the pearl for £3000. On hauling in their net, ^some fishermen at Schweinfurt, on the River Main, found it filled with 40 valuable gold watches and chains, the proceeds of a robbery at Bam berg committed : more than two years ago. Hollow walking-sticks containing alcoholic drink have become very popular in Washing ton since the, passing of a law to - prevent Sunday drinking. After nearly 100 men: were arrested on one Sunday for drunkenness, it was discovered that most of them were carrying 'rum canes.' A Rheims telegram, to Paris states that experiments have beenN made at Chalons with an aeroplane fitted, with a quick-firing gun. The target, composed of the wings of an aeroplane, was riddled with bullets. Hearing muffled barking, a farmer of Great Clifton, Cumberland, dug- into a field drain, and found, 150 yards from the entrance* a dog which had been lost for 18 days. The dog had followed a rabbit into the drain,' and had got fast in a narrow part of the pipe. A cat whose kittens .had been poisoned by her owner, a tailor at Breslau, Germany, attempted to commit suicide by jumping into the river. She was rescued, and locked in a room, but escaped, and again jumped into the water. This time she was drowned. / ~ ? : ? The King has sent a message of congratu lation to Mrs. Waugh, of Manor Farm, Magor (Mon.j, who celebrated her hundredth birthday on August 29. Ground adjoining the Langside Library at Glasgow has been let to the libraries, de partment at a nominal rent of 10s a year, with a view. to. the ground being used as an/ opeH-air reading room. M. and Mme. Dejardin, who celebrated their golden wedding at Liege recently,; boast that during the whole fifty years a cross word has never passed between them. Figures issued by the Swiss Government Bureau of Statistics show that there were 4665 motor- cars in Switzerland in January last, of which 1629 were of Swiss construc tion, 1550 French, 476 German, 282 Italian, 100 Belgian, 62 American, and 11 British., The origin of 555 ears was unknown. Mrs. Alice i Stalker, M.B., has been ap pointed by the Wigan Education Authority to the position of assistant school medical officer and assistant tuberculosis officer at a yearly salary of £275. At the Cork, Revision Court Mr. Henry O'Shea, the Lord Mayor, was objected to by the 'All-for-Ireland' party on the ground that he was an alien. It was said that he had admitted being an American citizen. The revising barrister postponed his de cision. Nearly the whole of Lord Shrewsbury's estates in Cheshire, about 3000 acres, have been purchased 'by a Liverpool firm for a client. This is the largest land purchase in Cheshire for many years. Frau Agnete von Bauditz has passed the examination of the Danish mercantile marine 'at Copenhagen, and is now qualified to take charge of a ship as captain. A Paris beggar who saw an old man open his purse and select a halfpenny for hiu took a silver piece from his own pocket and placed it in the hand of the almsgiver. At an old-time costume cricket match played at Crawley one of the players wore a hat which belonged to Parr, the famous cricketer. Another wore a smock frock and hat which were 150 years old. The special postage stamps issued for the Scott Antarctic expedition are being offered in London for sale to the public, the penny stamps being priced at 5s each, and the lalfpenny stamps at 25s each. IV E. Howard, The Champion of the Bonnie Doon Golf CIub( who on Saturday won the Champion of Champions Match with a score of 784-84=162. R. B. Godbolt was second 'With 163,; and Dr. P. S. Jones third. with 165. Charles A. Arvier, For many years secretary of the Queensland National Agricultural and Industrial Associa tion, who died suddenly at Brisbane last week. » Mr- Arvier, who was a native of Victoria, and arrived in Queensland 15 years ago, had almost reached his 60th year. 