PEOPLE OF THE WEEK. The Chief Justice, Sir Samuel Way, is (pending the Easter holidays at his resi dence in the south, 'Seaview,' near 2?oarlunga. ' The Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia received the compliments of the Victorian Bar on Wednesday, when mem bers of the legal profession wished Sir Samuel a pleasant time during his pro jected tour of England and the Continent. There are two Adelaide residents who have had the privilege of having seen the great -African explorer and missionarj, David Livingstone, whose birth centenary vras celebrated this week; One of these is the Rev. Dr. Jefferis, who was present in London at the gathering held to 'welcome Livingstone on his return from his fir it journey across Africa; and the other is Mr» J. H. White, of Prospect, who is ao old ' naval man, and met Livingstone in 1864 at the mouth of the Zambezi River. Between 1859 and 1864 Mr. White w-is an-, able seaman on the sloop Ariel, which was engaged on the east coast of Africa in collection with the suppression of the Elavc traffic. Europe mourns the death of the beloved King of Greece, who was assassinated by a Greek in the streets of Salonika in Tuesday afternoon when His Majesty was returning from his accustomed walk. King George' reigned exactly 60 years. He was killed on. his jubilee, day, though it was not until June 6, 1863, then a kd of not quite 18, 'that the young Danish prince, second son;of the late King Christian, re' ceived from the Greek deputation, headed by Admiral Kanares, the crown which had been voted to him by the National As sembly' at Athens at the suggestion of ths three ? protecting Powers-pGreat Britaji, France, and Russia. King George of Greece ruled with tact and decision prob ably 'the most democratic, and certainly not the least fickle or the least critical nation in. Europe. Under his rule the whole condition of Greece — political, so cial,_ commercial — changed. There was not a single mile of railway in. the country at_ the date of his accession. The railway mileage is now something like 700 miles. Thanks _ to ? the munificence of patriotic millionaires A tly nH has assumed some thing ofr her former splendour. The Piraeus, & .deserted spot at the time when King Otho went to Grece, has almost eclipsed Syra'and Patras. and been restor ed to its classic glory. Some day it may become the '. premier port of the Levant. Though it is claimed thai education is far too literary, and the distaste of the younger generation is tins increased, the Greeks still hold their own as the smart est business men of eastern Europe. Hel lenic troops have certainly distinguished themselves in the war, and it is sad in deed that the life of the monarch should shave been so suddenly terminated just, when Greece was coming into the realisa tion of a much-expanded kingdom as the result of recent victories. The new King of Greece, eldest son of the late monarch, is in his 45th year. He is known as Prince Constantine, and also as the Duke of Sparta. He has well sup ported his latter designation by leading his troops to the accomplishment of un daunted and valorous deeds in the pre sent Balkan war. Prince Constantine is married to a sister of the Emperor of Germany, and now that Princess Sophia is 'Queen of the Hellenes' it will be in teresting to observe how the Kaiser and the German nation view the Balkan situ ation. Mr. Ernest S. Rruger, of Penrice, near iAngaston, attained his 100th year on &tajch; 15. Mr. L .W. Waterhouse, commercial tra -rcller- for the house of Messrs. George P. Harris, Scarfe, & Co., is leaving by the Otranto for a trip to England. For 28 consecutive years te has represented his firm on Yorke's Peninsula. No knight of the road enjoys a higher reputation for business ability and integrity. Miss Helen P. Barnes, Af.A., national secretary* of the Young Woman's Chris tian Association of Australasia, has ar rived to spend a week in Adelaide. Mr. J. Shields, until recently on the ptaff of the traffic employes at the Free ling Station, has received promotion to the rank of signalman in connection with the interlocking system, and will operate (the cabin at the Eden Station, on the teats line. |An interesting personality is Mr. Bobert ?OTemyss, -who will leave at the end of the pnonth for a trip to England. He is the ?Chief -x-f the Caledonian Society, whi'ih fcecdnlM'liim a iteattv send-off last week. W&I-; Wemyss was ' Born in the parish of t&bbotahall.; Kirkcaldy. on December 1, P856, and was educated at Mr. Peter Stewart's school. Elder's ?Brae, Kirkcaldy; Lochies House Echool, Burntisland; and. Dr. Bryce's ?collegiate school, Edinburgh. -On Reaving school he served for a short time fin *he law offices of Messrs. Thomas 'Dow & Son, Kirkcaldy, after which he iwent into his father's linen factory (ski I ated at the foot of the Newtown) for four k years, and there learned the rudiments of [the weaving trade. For the first three pears he was at the factory every morn Ens, winter and summer, before the 6 [o'clock whistle blew, and was always the Hast to leave the weaving shed at 6 ?s'clock in the evening. At this time his Rather was living in 'Marine Villa.' Mr. IWemyss still has a vivid recollection of Biow cold i$ was on some of the keen, ferosty winter mornings when walking Erom home to the factory. In 1878 he took A fancy to come to Australia, and at the suggestion of the late Mr. James L. Kininmonth, of Mount Hesse, Victoria, he went for nine months to Mr. David Guild, Monzie, Blair Athol, who had the Glen. Fender and SMaigag grazings, which car Bried 5,000 black-faced sheep, to learn, as Jthe ploughman said, 'how to handle his hands.' Mr. Wemyss sailed fnom London to Adelaide in the Kapunda, 1,084 tons re jjifiter, on May 28, and arrived after an un eventful voyage on September 1, 1879. A few days after his arrival he was sent by ihe late Sir Thomas Elder to Fowler's Bay Station, then held by Messrs. R. Barr 6mith and W. R. Swan, and later he spent three, years on the Momba Pastoral Company's station at Wilcannia, Ne-y South Wales. When the '88 leases fell in be took up Yandra, part of the Maryvale Station, west coast, and worked it in con uunction with Mr. Peter Anderson, who ?ras then managing Courtabie Station, bear Talia. At the end of three years he told out his interest. In March, 1892, he ?married the fifth* daughter of the late ?Mr. William Peirce, of Prospect Lodge, fend went home, for a trip, returning to ?Adelaide in July the following year. In pTebruary, 1897, business in connection Keith the building of a new linen factory Book him home again to Kirkcaldy for a Pberiod of 18 months, and he returned to Adelaide in November, 1S98. Since thea |Mr. Wemyss has resided at Abbotshall. ttiower Mitcham, and gone in for ' fruit fcrowing. In March, 1905— when the buti Eiess of H. L. Vosz was put into a limited fcompany — ihe took up shares, and for a time Psros a director. He is now managing direc Itor of the Cumberland Goldmining Com jpany, Norseman, W-A. From July, 1904, Ro June, 1906, -he -eat as councillor 'for the [Glen Osmond Ward in the Mitcham Dis tinct Council, and from July, 1908, repre sented the Hawthorn Ward in the same ?council. For the last 12 months he has ?represented the council on the Metropoli tan Dairies Board, and lately by the ?manimous vote of the council he was ap fcointed their representative on the new County Board, which is taking over the Euties of the old Metropolitan Dairies fBoard. Mr. Wemyss was one of the three [Liberal candidates who uneuccessfuliy Contested the Torrens District in October, 6906\. For the last two years he has been fcn. the board of the Royal Institution for ?the Blind, North Adelaide, an institution be takes very much interest in. Sir. Wemyss is also hon, registrar of the Booth Australian Bulldog Club. Pretty well all the courts of Europe will go into mourning over the death of King George of Greece, who was closely related to most of the reigning monarchs. His late Majesty was the last surviving brother of Queen Alexandra, England's Queen Mother, the Empress Dowager of Russia, and the Duchess of Cumberland, and brother of the late King Frederick of Denmark. He was therefore the uncle t,t the present Kings of Great Britain. Denmark, and. Norway, and of the Czar of Russia, while his eldest son is brotherin law of the Emperor William II. Lord Milner will be 59 to-morrow. He Jt was who met President Kruger at the abortive Bloemfontei^ conference, and was chief representative of Great Britain both before and during the South Afri can War. He resigned his position at the Gape in 1905. after ei-rfrt vears' arduous toil as Governor of the Transvaal and Orange River Colonies and High Commis sioner in what is now federated South Africa. Viscount Milner is a promi nent Unionist in the old land, where he speaks frequently for the trriff reformers and in favour of a forward policy in Im perial affairs. It is 81 years to-day ^since Goethe, the German poet, died. Canon Julian, the well-known hymno togiet, who died tiie other day, was the author of the dictionary of. hymnology, Much was the gredt work of his life, and It. is a standard book of permanent value. Ihe Canon presented his unique collec tion of hymnological books and manu scripts to the Church House. AVi English journal in a. fine eulogium of Capt. Scott, who perished with bi« party in the Antarctic, writes: — 'The catastrophe of the Scott expedition teaches us a lesson much needed in our commercial age — that failure may be in finitely more valuable than triumph. Capt. Scott, after all, did reach what he set out to achieve. Like Blake and Nel son, like Wolfe and Moore, he died in the hour of victory. But the discovery of the Pole counts as nothing compared with the inspiration of his example and personality.' Mr. Henry Stead, son of the late Mr. W. T. Stead, who since his father's death has come out to Melbourne to conduct the 'Review of Reviews,' has marked his ad rent to Australia by an improved appear once of the excellent magazine which his father founded. In an editorial foreword Mr. Stead remarks that his father, refer ring to the Australian publication, 'de- termined to keep the flag flying in Austra lasia. He left' it flying when he went down in the Titanic, and I have come out to Australia to nail it firmly to the mast/' The newcomer has made a good beginning. Mr. King G'MaUey is not to be shifted from bis ground in regard to the naming of the Federal capital. There has been quite a controversy since the christening ceremony about the meaning of Canberra. Some one has told the Minister for Home Affairs that Canberra is probably a cor ruption of the aboriginal word for 'head,' and; Mr. OMalley is more than delighted at the discovery. 'The Federal capital,' remarked the Minister, 'will be the head quarters of the advance guard of demo cracy, and the place from which the laws for the government of Australia will come. It will, therefore, rightly be called 'the head.' Col. David Miller, YJ-., Secretary of the Home Affairs Department, denies that his time is taken up with his duties as Ad ministrator of the Federal capital, which necessitates his residence at Canberra, throwing nearly all the secretarial work on the officials in Melbourne and causing them to work overtime. 'T am dis charging tiie duties of the permanent head of the Home Affairs Department as prer piously,' states Col. Miller. 'With the exception of routine matters, the state ment that most of the secretarial work is bane carried out by the principal officers In Melbourne is incorrect.' The Premier of Tasmania, the Hon. A. E. Solomon, is a well-known Methodist lay preacher. Australians in England - who are now doing their best to boom this country, though they do not appear to be saying very much in favour of artisan immigra tion, are Mr. Holman, the Attorney General of New South Wales, and Mr. Bcaddan, the Western Australian Premier. Both these gentlemen seem to be getting off a good many speeches. On the ques tion of defence Mr. Allen, the New Zea land Minister for Defence, is helping them to talk Imperialism, and the attachment of these Dominions to the motherland. It looks as though the Briand ' Minis try, which came into power in France a few weeks aeo. arc to have a short lease of office. They have resigned, and un less they can be persuaded to take up ihe reins again ML Poincare, the new Presi dent, will have to call M, Clemenceau, to his councils to form an Administration. The trouble is over the electoral reform measure providing for the representation of minorities. Clemenceau is reported tc have been responsible for the action of the Senate in rejecting the Electoral Re form Bill. This he is said to have done as an act of revenge for the rejection of bis nomipee for the Presidency. Gle menceau is 70 years of age, and was form erly Premier of the Republic. Buring the last 40 years he has been battling in French politics, and has made and unmade more Ministries than any other statesman. He is still one of the_ most picturesque figures in French politics, and still very Influential. Four years ago his Ministry fell after a dramatic verbal duel between himself and M. Delcasse, now Ambassador to St. Petersburg. Clemenceau was a defender of Capt. Dreyfus, and the Sepa ration Bill was largely his work. He is a doctor, a politician, aa orator, a journa list, and a swordsman. What more is ?wanted for a fighter? 