TELEGRAlSIII REUTRa AGENCY LONDON, Aug. 12. The House of Commons by I92 votes'to 7o rejected a motion to reduce the,duty ori tea by two pence in favor of British-grown tea. . Yuan Shihkai has4 ordered the apprehension and punislment of everyone throughout: China con spiring against the Republic, with-' out regard to rank or position. Bulgarian, demobilisation will commence forthwith. The New,' iFrei Presse, Vierina, indignantly protests thati whili Austria was striving to obtain a revision of the Bucharest treaty the Kaiser threw Germany's entire '; influence on to lthe Roumanian s; sid e. ; . . id King Ferdinand in an " Order :"of ihe Day " addressed to his i troops, asked them to tell their I* children and grandchildren about V the gallantry of the Bulgarian soldiers, and prepare them to 1: complete one day the glorious 'work.which they had begun. SYDNEY, August I3. ¥" Mr 0sborne ,inthe New South i, Wales Assembly moied a' motion Sin favor of the establishment of a ::State lottery. The deblate was , adjourned:. i : . . HOBART, August 13. At the enquiry held at Mathinna (''as.) concerning the dedatli of a farmer named Win. J. M illins; ;ithe jury's verdict was that.Daniel Jones was guilty of murder, and ."that his wife was an accessory after the fact, LONDON, Aug. 13. Si:A thousand Dervishes in Somali i land :attacked' a ,British" camel '"corps. Fifty of the latter were killed and wounded. The Acting , British Commissioner, with only twenty Indian troopers and a handful of friendly tribesmen, went to the rescue. ,ir Hitchcock in- the American Senate asserted that the Tobacco Trust had actually increased its monopolistic hold since its dis : solution was ordered by the Supreme Court. , Serious riots are reported from .,Londonderry, where Nationalists attacked an Orange procession. Russia has yielded the question of Kavala, to Austria; and has abandoned the demand for the l'recision of the Bucharest settle ment. :i Sir Edward Grey in the House , of Commons said that the concert of Europe was well maintained, and had entreated Turkey to observe the Treaty of London. Mr Bonar Law extolled Sir Edward Grey's services in the cause of European peace and said that the danger of an European war had gone. japauW refuses to receive ex President Diaz except in a private capacity. LONDON, Aug. 14. Barry has accepted the chal lenge of Frank ,Greer, an Ameri can sculler, to row at the end of November for £goo aside and £50 expenses. Several sportsmen have promised, to assist Barry. Newspapers "throughout tlhe Conti ent acclaim Sir Edward Grey's speech. , Lord Alverstone has resigned his positionas Chief Justice. His successor will be appointed after the long vacation.:, Advices from Copenhagen state that Koch, the Danish explorer, crossed i (Greenlandi Go6'o ?'miles further north tlia@nNansen. Twenty-five 'ruanesec reoeis announce their" intention to capture Hankow, then Pekin. Northern troops at Hankow, vith artillery ~iiad '.Maxims ihave been sent to intercept themr. Li!Te~o;j' IBucharest correspon derit "declares 1.:thlat du ring:. the recent . negotiations, the'.. Kaiser wrote a letter to. Prince Constaii tine;, whichi said :;, "Ilam fighting foiriyour'ightis: likea tiger.":, .' .. The death' is repoetedyo f Herr Bebel, ,ithe': Germanri Socialisi leader;. #:',1 . ,, *Mr Lloyd George in the Hou-s of Cominon 'said there ;was not the slightest prospect at present =of ariy rediictiont in armanients irather the reverse;: Howercr; hi sid not despair of Internationial co-operation to arrest the expendi ture after the events of last year. Few peoplc realised how near to disater'Europ Chad been at that :tie.T the irievitable ureilt of expenditure m iarmaments would i·,,,c,,~~:·;;~n u~l:·~l ~ , q. be a situation goading people into a sort.;of; revolutionary protest. One country alone did not d:are to stop the expenditure on arma nents::. 'It: would be perilous to do so. With International co operation something might be done. V?,tcouveR, Aug. 14. Strikersiesegiedstri kebrea kers, keeping them in a tunnel all night, meanwhile destroying mine buildings, flooding mine workings and dynamiting a railway bridge. NEw OyRK, Aug. 14. Orville Wright has invented an aero boat with a speed of fio miles an hour, which isintended for,use by the US.A. Postal Service. President Wo drow Wilson will summarily dismiss Ambas sador Wilson, in view of Ihis criticism of the British Foreign Office. Nine men were,?rkilled in the Coronado mine, Clifton, Arizona. -A cable connecting ore cars broke and they dashed down the slope at a terrific rate. Several miners leapt off ,safely, but others remained oh and were killed. SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 14. A sampan laden with Japaniese seek ing land in America (in defiance,of the immigration laws) has been captured. The laps will be deported. LONDON, Aug. 14. Londonderrylis still in an excited state. 1The authorities have` ordered that hotels shall be closed at 7 p.m. P.F. Warnefrwas overcome by ill ness when playing for Middlesex against Lancashire at Aigburk. Fane, Rhodes, J. W. Hearne, Wool ley, Hobbs, Mead, Booth and Strud wick will go to South .Africa. The programme includes 22 matches, with five tests. Sylvia Pankhurst and two others have been released under the "Cat and Dog Act." BELGRADE, Aug. 14. The demobilisation of the Servian army has been ordered. COPENHAGEN, Aug. 14. "'Koch Wintered on inland ice east: ward of Queen Louis Land.; The majority of his horses'wereslaughtered, but five were kept alive.. Koch fell 42 feet into a crevasse" and was laid up for three months with a broken leg. Violent bliziards were encountered during a 750-mile march. The horses were snow-blind ind three, which were exhausted, had to be killed. A sailing vessel rescued the expedition which had been without food,for 35 hours, but had just killed and cEokeld a dog which had accompailed it all the way. 