NEW BLOOD IN IMMIGRATION : TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— It Is gratifying to see tbat the views , which I expressed many years ago as to the : necessity of otbnlning immigrants from the Continent of Europe, ns well as from Great ; Britain, are now coming to be regarded as cor- .fl i»n/»f nvwl n fa 1idtns nnfoif nil hv f.IlG COQHllOQ FH wealth Government. i It always appealed to mo as an absurdity j that a continent such ns Australia eould be rcservod almost exclusively for tho people of. ; one raco and nationality, and I felt that tho . 1 sooner this delusion was dissipated the better, I so that we could obtain our shnro of the de- Ij sirable emigrants that were leaving Europe. I j urge that Holland Is in all probability a far i ; It Is certain that wo cannot get better j , settlers than from Scandanavia. But I would | j moro promising hunting ground for ngricui- j j tural immigrants than cither Sweden or Den- f | First of all for the reason that the Dutch j 8 Government does- not oppose an emigration | propaganda in Holland, while fhe Swodish and , Danish Governments do. And iri Germany ' t , man who' talks emigration too loudly is apt to ho conducted over tho frontier. Then, ngsln. ; Holland is over-populntod, ns also !b Belgium, wbilo tho Scandinavian countries are not. As regards tho southern Europeans, It simply Inevitable that tliey should be utilise i for our tropics. It iB useless for us to attemp to fly in tho fnco of Nature. The northern , European was not meant lor the trop Ic , , , lias no abiding city thcro. It does not matte how well you snnitnto the troplcs-as nt i an amn or t Cuba— your Anglo- Saxon in,y: child will, not flour'-- "-re. And it is simply impossible to develop the Northern Tc iH with lnbor which is paid 23 rer cent. wages for 25 per cent, less wor.t. ns con' , B with tho southern Slates' of tlio Commonwealth. M If Maltcso and Spnnlnrds nre employed on rni way construction in tho Territory tliej H bo paid tho standard wage ruling In other part M of Australia, and no more. And tliey would glad to tako it. Prefcro-ce should also be g hen to married men, and their -wives and SB should bo assisted to Join them as soon as pos .as "'iftho present Federal Government will only | havo the courage to deroto as much mo i > HI immigration as Mr. Fisher did '.o .bomnternityWI nonus tnoy win imvo uu»r, TlII,n , tralla. — Yours, etc.. RICHARD ARTIUIU. .Hjj Parliament House. s«.rtn..v. n»-embor II. .0 \- /.SB 1 