«'?*''? ??!??? ? — ..irirrm r.wii .wnmrim»M«raw«iFraiMiFm^ .'jlmii^i^^ » V T Hon. Mr. Trefle's Spirited Oration. Following is the oration delivered by the Hon. J. L. Trefle, Minister for Lands, at the Sydney celebration of St. Patrick's Day:— Your Grace, Very Reverend and Rev. F^chersj ladies and gentlemen, — ^ It is with a certain amount of trepida tion that 1 attempt to deliver an address on Ireland's national anniversary. The uieiue as an oia one— tlie tiieme of faith and fatherland. The- matter from which I may draw is so wide and so varied that I scarce ly know from which point to commence. In deed, for one like myself, who has never visited the shores of Ireland, who is not possessed of that natural gift of oratory which is so common to men of Irish b.ood, to attempt to do justice to the aspirations of the Irish psopie on St. Patrick's Day , . . savours almost of unpardonable boldness. The ideas and associations surrounding St. Patrick's Day have so often been dealt wito by the flower of thj Celtic race, as well as by the learned and sympathetic . orators oi the world, that it is a'.mojt impossible to break ,new ground or to' attempt an n-i provement upon ?- the presentment of Ire land's memories and. associations so o;ten and so ab'.y dealt with bjfore. To me, too, it appears that a speech rfrom a man other, than an Irishman on an occasion such as this fails to reach that high level, or ..to strike that soul-stirring note of pride and patriotism that only an Irishman can ac co:.iplish. There ? is, in the oratory of the Irish that charm of eloquence which, tinged with the chore! of sadness, rings out from the heart-strings of . the tribunes of the great section of the Celtic race. But per haps Irish men and women, as well as their descendants in Australia, so appreciate from time to time the opinions of outsiders, the opinions of men whose words should at' least be free from race prejudice, when they exto! the glories of Ireland, .and say a- word in justification of the efforts of her sons and daughters who are endeavouring to gain for their country that place of pride and free dom for ' which they have striven through past centuries. An Arresting theme. St. Patrick's Day arrests the attention of the students of history, and presents a pic ture unique in the annals of nations. Hers we have, in the first instance, the anniver sary of one of the greatest propagators of ihe Christian religion — one who Christian ised by his own efforts the whole nation, nearly 1500 years ago. In celebrating St. Patrick's. Day, the Irish people, true to their glorious traditions, have also selected as a patriotic and national festival the anniver sary o; him who converted their nation from Paganism to Christianity. In celebrating this day they do not offer offence to any other nation. St.- Patrick's -Day- does not revive the memory of -some bitter conflict, between nations, with thj flag of the con queror waving pitilessly over. the fallen. In celebrating this day * you do not emphasise some victory that you ha-y-ei . achieved, over your neighbour. On the contrary, you have chosen a day which commemorates the pass ing of a nation out of the .desert '.of Pagan ism into the Promised Land of Christianity. ?It might be asked by those .whose lack of national spirit, or whose poverty of imagina tion, prevents thsm from lifting their minds ;il)Dve the mere everyday struggle for bread i'nd butter or worldly riches: Why should Irishmen continue to annually revive the memories of the past as you- do on St. Pat rick's ..Day? My reply, is: All . nations .worthy of the. name glory' in ,, the.; traditions o: their race, and, while commingling with other peoples in the building . jip 'of . new nations, never fail to remember the race from which they sprung. And surely in tho British Empire, where' -we speak of tho United ' Kingdom,' arcl -Where the English and Scotch have th-'ir national holidays, we will not deny to the other partner in the kingdom the right to cherish1' and perpetuate1 the interesting and fascinating history of her race. . .. ? [ 1 Historical Glance. Irish men and Avomon may well look back with pridi and satisfaction upon that his ' tory. Ireland had attained a high standard of civilisation centuries before the inhabi tants of Great Britain were ; known. She ? cultivated arts and literature, and practised the functions of civilisation long before Julius Caesar set foot upon English shores, long be;ore the destinies of some of the greatest nations of the world were shaped. Indeed, it can be said that Ireland has a history which goes back well into a thou sand years before the Christian era. When St. Patrick came upon his great mission lie did not find a barbarous race who were to be educated in the first principles of civili sation before accepting Christianity, but he found a highly cultivated race, well versed in the affairs of government, with literature and an atmosphere of civilisation surround ing them that made it an easy matter to superimpose upon this gifted race his great Hon. J. L. Trefle. message of Christianity. From Ireland scholars went forth throughout the civrlis.M world. Kvtn far-dis-tant Icsliand is believed to have been visited by Christian scholars under the leadership of St.. Brendan. Some of the greatest centres of learning in the continent o; Europe owed their existence to Irish scholars. The first check to the Irish rac& in their propagation of peace and learn ing came with the Danish invasion. A long and ? relentless struggle followed, during which the Irish never admitted defeat, llallying their forces under Brian Boru, they conquered the heroic Danes, the power of the latter receiving a shock from which it never recovered. But the Irish were not free to take up their old pursuits ? for long. They ware again invaded in ? the year 1170 by Strongbow-, who led the first British in vasion: -This was tho starting-point of a struggle which has continued to this day. An Unconquered Race. Time will not permit us to give even a .sketch of the leading- incidents of that ?struggle, beyond stating that it was the con tinued and vigorous effort of a nation to re gain that freedom and * independence which' it had enjoyed .'or many centuries,' and without which the Irish' could not work out the destinies of their race. Ill-informed people, or those who wish to misrepresent the national aspirations of the Irish race, assert tint th? struggle betwen Britain and lre.and was the result of religious dif ferences. Mo more erroneous idea could be formed. The struggle was carried on as keenly for tlfl-ee hundred years before the Reformation as it has be3n carried on since, and to say that the claims of the Irish are based upon religious grounds is to offer an insult to the memory of those heroic Pro testant leaders who foxight and died :or Irish freedom. So deep-rooted in Irish hearts are 'the love of freedom and the de s.re to manage their own affairs, that the Huguenots in the South of Ireland, as well as Anglicans and Presbyterians, and * many men of other denominations, became imbued with th'e Irish spirit; of nationality, ^and struggled as strenuously as ever Catholics did Jor J-Jome Rliiu- in their native Land. Who would say that this is a religious struggle, when we find such men as Robert Emmet, Henry G rattan, Lord Edward Fitz gerald, Wolfe Tone,' 'the brothers Sheares, liagainl Harvey— these in 1798 and 1803— down to John Mitchei arid John Martin in 1848; from them again to the late leader of tha Irish National' movement, a Protestant also, Charles Stew- art Parnell, who sacrificed his fortune and who devoted the whole of his life to the '.one great task o; gaining Home Rule for his countrj'? I say thai' ''the names of these great and illustrious dead are a sufficient reply to that fallacy which has for so long been reiterated. It is i\ot a religious question — it is a national ^ques tion. The present great leader of the Irish party, John Redmond, stated a fe^y d,ays ago that he would prefer to see Ireland governed by North of Ireland Orangemen under an. Irish Parliament than by British statesmen in the House of Commons. Irish men and women of- every religious belief can therefore' join without hesitation in the celebration of St. Patrick's Day and in the demand :or Home' Rule. Well might the Celtic race look back over their past and di'aAV inspirations to guide them in the future. The Irish 'have played a part in 1hc- off airs of the world with the gKf a/test possible credit to themselves and to 'every country to which they have migrated. They have been honoured and praised in every land but their own. President Roosevelt speaking on St. Patrick's Day a few years ago in America, when lie represented that great Republic, said : . Ireland in America. f'At the time, early in the eighteenth century, when the immigrants fro'ny Ireland first began to come in numbers to, . this country, the race elements were still- imper fectly fused, and for some time the then new Irish strain was clearly distinguishable, from the others. And there was one pecu liarity about these immigrants who camey from Ireland which1 has never been1 paral: ^ leled in the case of any other immigrants '.\ whatsoever. Jn all classes silica the -very ? first settlements, the .; pushing westward _-,.. of . ? the frontier, the conquest of the Continent, ;;, had been primarily- due to the men of j native birth. B\it the immigrants from Ireland, and those alone, pushed1 boldly throi/gli the ' settled districts and planted themselves as the advance 'guard of' the conquering, civili sation on the borders of the Indian-h'aunt'ed - wilderness.' ' - ', ' On the same occasion Mr. Roosevelt,' j speaking of the mother of Suliivan, the con- i queror a', the Iroquois, said: 'In her old,r age th-- mother, Mrs. Sullivan, xised to say ' i that she had known what it was to work hard in the fields, carrying in her arms the Governor of Massachusetts, with the Gover nors of New Hampshire and Vermont tag ging on %t her skirts.' Roosevelt's Tribute. Concluding one of the most brilliant speeches of his presidential career, Mr. Roosevelt said: 'But the men of Irish birth or Irish descent have been far more than soldiers — 1 will not say more than, but much in'-, addition to, soldiers. In every walk of life in this country men o; this blood have ?stood and now stand pre-eminent, not omy as soldiers, but as statesmen, on the Bench, at the Bar, and in business. They are do ing their s full share toward the artistic and literary development of the country. And right here let me make a special plea to you, to,, this society, and kindred societies. ? We Americans take a just pride in the de velopment of our great universities, and more and more we are seeking to provide 'fpr creative and original work in these uni versities. I hope that an eai-nest effort will be made to endowr chairs in American uni versities for the study of Celtic literature and for research in Celtic antiquities. (Pro longed applause.) It is only of recent years that the extraordinary wealth and beauty of the old Celtic sagas have been fully ap preciated j and we of America, who have .'o large a Celtic strain in our blood, cannot; afford to be behindhand in the work of add ing to. modern scholarship by bringing with in its; ken the great Celtic literature of the past.V' (Applause.) *; Some Irishmen. I have quoted somewhat at length from this notab.e speech of the then President of the American Republic, because it at once epitornises the position occupied by the Irish in America as well as the opinion of a statesman and scholar of another race, upon the present revival of the ancient Celtic language and literature. The Irish have made names for themselves on the conti nent of Europe, and even in the great Rus sian ISmpire, both as soldiers and statesmen. Coming back to the British Empire, we find that it owes its present greatness to the Irish soldier as much as to any other sec tion of the Empire. Indeed, it was a con spicuous fact that all the leading British generals in the South African war were Irishmen. Lord Roberts, Kitchener, But ler, White, French, Kelly Kenny, and others ?were Irish. In the navy, too, one of tho most he-roic deeds of modern seamanship was accomplished by Captain Kane when he saved the Calliope at Apia by steaming out in the teeth of one of the most terrific gales ever experienced in the Samoan [Islands.1 So magnificent was his courage and heroism that the sailors on the German and; American -warships halted on the way tid the doom o; their vessels to cheer Cap tain Evans in the great feat he was at tempting, f'and finally accomplished, in the teejfch of the storm. Recently Lord Russell of Ki'Upwen, an. Irishman, graced the. British , Bench Vas Chief Justice for many years. la Australia we have had numerous .evidences j of ! the ' constructive genius of the Irish m | time o£ peace. Mr. Charles Gavan Duffy, 1 driven .but of his country as a rebel, lived J to he honoured and knighted by the late J Queen 'of England as one, of her greatest i no1 on ia' statesmen, and his brilliant son has '2 just been elevated to a well-won position upon the High Court Bench, of .Australia, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of another distinguished Irish-Australian, tjio late Hon. R. E. O'Connor. Ireland in Literature. To-day we have- English, American, and European critics proclaiming to the world that the Neo-Celtic school is far and away the most noticeable thing in the wide field of modern letters. We are told that the Irishman has ushered in a Renaissance in English Letters; that the -dramatic works of J. M. Synge, for instance, form the most valuable contribution to the English drama, for at least a hundred years. 'Who is the most celebrated writer in Eng land to-day?' I recently asked a prominent Australian journalist and critic who has the misfortune, as he terms it, 'to be born other than Irish.' His reply was, 'Un- doubtedly George Bernard Shaw'— an Irish- man. G. B. Shaw is one of the greatest in- tellectual forces in Europe to-day, -and is certainly the. mightiest figure hi the literary circles of London. Speaking recently to a noted journalist, who is also a professor of a leading Ameri can University, and who is touring the world in the interests of a leading Chicago newspaper, I discussed the question of the Irish in America. His summing up was that the intellectual genius and activity of the Irish in America were so great that they wielded a power in the judicial, poli tical, and literary world far beyond that of the descendants of any other race. So it is here in Australia. The active minds of the Irish can never rest. Be it said to their eternal credit, they are more concerned in movements for the uplifting of humanity, the cultivation of the intellect, and in the elevation of the mind to those supernatural heights for which we are destined, than they are in mere moneymaking and other of the less worthy purposes to which men devote their energies. St. Patrick saw in a vision Ireland con nected with the heavens by a great light, symbolical of the learning and piety of her saints and?- scholars. Then he saw a period of darkness when the light seemed to vanish away. with but a few shafts gleaming amoii'j; the riiountains ; and, finally, nbthing but the embers were le?t smouldering, and, in i.o sponse to his ardent supplications, he saw the flame burst forth again more brilliantly than ever. And may we not reasonably take it that the third period of St. Pat rick's vision is about to dawn upon Ireland? She is at length about to receive Home Rule. Dawn at Last. Irish men and women should realise that the democracy of Great Britain has never spoken against freedom and Home Rule for Ireland. Restricted and all as they are by a limited franchise, they have by three sepa rate votes returned an overwhelming ma jority to the House of Commons in favour of granting Ireland freedom. Let Irish men and women remember that the massts of Great Britain have been denied many rights themselves up to the present time. Not many years ago Mr. Gladstone intro duced a Bid which gave the franchise for the first time to three millions of adult men in the United Kingdom, but there stiii remain over two millions of adult men in Great Britain and Ireland who are not' per- mitted to vote for the Parliamentary re presentatives. Had these men been given their votes during the past century, no doubt Ireland would have been enjoying Home Rule to-day. But a period of tn.j reconciliation seems to ba dawning upon the people of the United Kingdom. ApaiL from the justice and equity of, the Irish claims, it is worthy of consideration that with the reconciliation of Ireland through the. medium of Homo Rule, for the first time since the American Revolution wi'll the,-, opportunity be presented for a btttcr tin- . derstanding between the English-speaking, Peoples of the world, and members of other denominations within the British Empire. The Better Feeling. In this later onnection it will not be in appropriate to quote a few words o'. that, groat Irishman and Prince of the Church, the late Cardinal Moran, which he uttered 'n his memorable speech at the Federal Convention held at Bathurst in 1896. His Eminence said: — 'To our Catholic people I would sav : Go liand in hand with your Protestant feUow |citizens in every measure that may have for its purpose to advance the interests,- to de velop the resources., or promote, 'the welfare ?? [1 of Australia. This fair land justly claims the united energies ? of aA her &ons; ; she stands in need of ' the conservative strength of all her citizens to achieve her glorious destiny. He who sets himself to sow dis sensions should be regarded as an enemy no less of religion than of his country.' Again, speaking on another important oc casion, his Eminence expressed the same sentiments in the following words: '? We ex tend the hand o; fellowship and friendship to all as children of God. We hope and pray that they may be, with us, inheritors of Heaven. It is the command of God that we love our neighbour, even those who pursue us with enmity, or differ from us in; religion.' Well might the British nation look for ward ;to the day when they might ask John Redmond to proceed with dignity and honour to America as a British Ambassador to hold out the hand of friendship to that great nation and bring about the much desired understanding with America through the. medium of a satisfied and reconciliat^d Irish race. Australia and Home Rule. I need not dwell upon. the question of Home Rule to-day. Australia has through her Federal Parliament informed the Im perial Government of the desire of ti-us young nation to see Ireland in the enjoy ment of the same measure o; national liberty tnat we possess here. Our leading men of all creeds and nationalities^ -all our leading, newspapers, have with the one voice pro claimed Home Rule not only a measure of justice to which Ireland is entitled, but a necessary -act of statesmanship in the in terests of the Empire itself. We have also had the question of Home Rule placed be-, fora us ably on last St. Patrick's Day by Mr. Hazieton, and we .have heard or read the numerous excellent speeches made by him and his colleagues during their recent tour of Australasia. So for me to attempt to repeat any of the arguments that were so well and so recently placed before you would be but to weary you with facts up on .which al'l are practically agreed already. My desire to-day was to, however imperfeot t]yf; portray some o* the outstanding features of. ,lu' Irish race which have been factors Pi the great part they have played in in-L world's history. The Lesson from Ireland. Irish-Australians should study the re markable history and the glorious records of their race. They should remember that their forefathers passed through a struggle which is without parallel in the history of the world. They wi'll read of a nation pac ing through a thousand years of conflict to maintain its ' identity, ics racial characteris tics, and its freedom, and which never for a moment surrendered its idea'.s and aspira tions. Sucii struggles were commenced by other nations, but invariably they surren dered. Ireland stalids' aione in this respect, and to the Cnristian woivd it has given po:.; sib.y more saintly scholars than any other nation of its size and opportunities. When the Vatican Council met in 1870 there were more Irish Bishops present than there were of any other individual race. And it was then remarked chat St. Patrick was the proudest saint in Heaven that day. The descendants of the Irish in these distant lands have traditions which are no .doubt hard to live up to. But it is their duty to maintain the pristine glory associated with the .alslory of their ;orefathers, and to hand down unsullied to their children those cherished ideals of .religion and nationality, scholarship and generosity, which have been the leading characteristics of the Irish through ail ages. I am sufncient.y optimistic to think that most of the mis understandings of the past are rapidly pass ing away, and that the genius of the Irish race is not only being recognised as of great value in the development and maintenance of the British Empire, but that the opti mistic, cheerful, generous, quick-witted spirit of Irishmen is absolutely necessary to maintain that progressive stability upon which- the Empire can hope to continue its existence. 