PEOPLING THE LAND. -w ,, , - , . NEW ARRIVALS. ? Advice was received by cable message yesterday that the R.M.P. Otway and the t.s. Commonwealth had left London on December 19 and 24 respectively with assisted passengers for Victoria. On board the R.M.S. Otway are 7 farm workers, 20 nominated passengers, and 2 British lads. The s.s. Commonwealth is bringing 2 landseekers, with a capital of £500, 7 farm workers, 74 nominated passengers, and 6 lads. A small party of immigrants arrived by the R.M.S. Omeo yesterday. The newcomers COPIES of 12 Danish agricultural labourers, 3 nominated passengers, and fl lads. IRRIGATION AREAS. at a meeting of the Water Supply Commis- sion held on December 24, the undermentioned applications for land in the irrigation areas were approved: Shepparton H W. Thompson, allotment 53, section D. Koyuga -A. Company, allotment 27. Cohuna-F. Vale, allotments He, did, He, section 5. Bamawm-Mrs. 13. II. Sheaf, allotment 75; D. W. Irish, allotments 70 and 70. AATerr¡ beers'. W. Fowler, jim., allotments OS and part 07, section D. The tender of the Northern Timber Company at £228/1 was accepted for the erection of a settler's house at Yongala. IRRIGATION SCHEMES. NEW SOUTH WALES PROJECT. SYDNEY, Monday. Surveys are in progress for a proposed scheme of pumping from the Murray River near Euston to provide stock and domestic supplies for a large area of mallee land, under the control of the Western Land Board, and also for a limited area to be irrigated near the river, li is officially reported that, in addition to the Murrumbidgee and Murray river schemes there are several large projects now being investigated for a combined water supply and irrigation scheme. One of these is the Warragamba scheme, where a survey party is engaged, taking levels of the irrigable area. Another scheme, will provide for the supplementing of the water supply of Newcastle, by- the construction of a dam, either on the Upper Hunter or the Goulburn rivers, and will also provide storage for irrigation purposes. At the off-take of the Great Anabranch from the Darling River a cutting is in progress which will give a better supply for a large area of grazing country. NEW ZEALAND IMMIGRANTS. WELLINGTON (N.Z.), Monday. - The steamer Mamari, chartered by the New Zealand Government, brought 507 immigrants, the largest lot of assisted passengers yet arriving in one ship. 