International News Letter. Issued by the INTERNATIONAL SECRETARIAT 0/ National Trade Union Centres. (Affiliated membership over 7 million.) Brief Labour Notes from All Countries. BERLIN, March 31, 1913. Great Britain. The cabinet-makers, chair-makers, and machinists in^the joiners' shops of London West are on strike for an increase^ of £d an hour and reduction of hours from 50 to 48 per week. The International Wood workers' Secretariat informs us that their English colleagues are seeking help to prevent all immigration of workers during the movement. The London Hotel and Restaurant Workers' Union has telegraphed to us that their strike is assuming great dimensions. The victory of the bakers, with whom they have much in common, seems to have as sisted the movement so that success has already been achieved in several large places. The greatest danger to the union threatens from the Continent, from where at this time of the year thousands of young waiters go to London and work cheaply and hard in order to learn the language. The organisation desires, there fore, to hold this pligrimage back. Especi ally is it hoped that oners of work from London be declined, v A preliminary conference of the leaders of the Labour party, the Trade Unions Congress, and the General Federation of Trade Unions has been held in Manchester, at which it was decided to bring about closer connection between these organisa tions. With this object in view detailed proposals will be laid before a future con ference. The union of miners in Northumberland have started an energetic movement for the abolition of the three-shift system, it being considered that the system under mines family life. According to reports of the Musicians' Union, the average wage of musicians in the last 15 years has risen from 15s. or 20s. to 33s. weekly. The Amalgamated Musicians' Union has at present 7000 mem bers, there being 2000 in London. At pre sent a movement is in progress for the introduction of a minimum wage of 35s. In several theatres boycotts for this pur pose have already been successful. The recently founded Ships Officers' Union makes good progress. The mem bers demand better payment and accom modation, payment for overtime, and the introduction of three watches at sea, etc. According to official statistics, the pro duction of coal since the establishment of the legal eight-hour day (1910-1911) rose from 252 to 255 tons per worker. The regulations of the Typographical Association say that candidates for mem bership must give proof of seven years' apprenticeship. The apprenticeship need only be sis years for those who have at tended a high or technical school till the sixteenth year. The Shoemakers' Union last year in creased its membership from 32,928 to 41,440, and its funds to £155,000. For unemployment support last year £3300 was expended, for sickness £5400, and for fines for breaches of tariff agreements by strikes The special conference of the trade unions and other Labour organisations, which dealt with the question of the daily paper of the Labour party, decided to recommend all trade unions to levy Is. yearly per member for three years in order to set the paper on a firm basis. Up to the present £60,000 has been invested in the paper, the circulation of which is 211,000. This decision of the conference is a pleasant proof of the growing spirit of combination and independence among British trade unions. The General Federation of Trade Unions, which is affiliated to the Interna national Secretariat, is recognised as the National Centre of Trade Unions of the United Kingdom. Unfortunately, the Federation is not sufficiently appreciated in British trade union circles. It is regarded only as a strike insurance society to which such trade unions should affiliate which fear they may need help of others in econo mical troubles. Therefore, the largest and most powerful trade unions of the country do not belong to the Federation. There is a. greater tendency among the smaller organisations to affiliate. The Federation does not cover a third of the trade union members for those reasons. How much affiliation to this National Centre is considered particularly from a business point of view is shown by the re ports of some of the affiliated trade unions, which publish a special account of how much they have paid to the National Centre and what amount they have re ceived for support in return. Such publica tions show generally that the National Centre has profited from these affiliations — in other cases it appears that these facts are omitted. This is for a part of the mem bers and particularly for the non-affiliated trade unions one of the most certain proofs that affiliation does not pay. Such a view, is very short-sighted and to l)e regretted. Out of it arises more or less sharp rivalry with other bodies which have in course of time been created within the Labour movement, anjiyfchjs results in the General FedtjJr ation asa trade union National Centre, either in England or in the Trade Union International, not occupy ing a position corresponding to the im portance of the trade union movement in Great Britain. This accounts for the greater part of the British trade unions not belonging to the International Secre tariat, and also having no firmly estab lished relations with the trade unions of other countries. The relations with the various Inter national Trade Secretariats are also for the most part imperfect. In cases of great labour disputes and whenever financial assistance for the unions of one of the other countries is warranted, this state of affairs, of course, is not satisfactory to either side. For the whole trade union movement it would certainly be beneficial if the greater part of the trade unions still outside the National Centre could be induced to join, as is the case in all European countries and in the United States of America where the modern trade union movement has established its own powerful National Centres. The National Centres are considered to be a natural exchange for all matters per taining to the common interests of those affiliated, and whose object is not only to provide for mutual assistance, but first of all for propaganda and organising work in backward districts and trades, the prepara tion of inquiries and statistics, drafting of labour legislation, and so on. United States. The Cleveland Convention of the Inter national Typographical Union decided on the establishment of an employment bureau, for which applicants will have to pay 2dol., half to be paid on application and half on obtaining a position. The police at Connellsville, Pa., have struck because their demand for increased pay was refused. The Arkansas House has passed the Senate bill abolishing ' tipping. Solicita tion of tips shall be a punishable offence. The Kansas House of Representatives has passed an Act for a minimum wagefor women, this being 6dol. a week for a nine hour day (excepting domestics). A bill establishing a nine-hour day for all em ployees in ousinesses with more than five workers has also been passed. The report of the Twentieth-eighth An nual Convention of the International As sociation of Officials of Bureaus^ of Labour, Factory Inspectors and Industrial Commis sioners, held last May at Washington, has just been published. It contains a deal of interesting information on the troubled question of the protection of labour, a re view of which will not be amiss. Attack was early made on the system of workmen's compensation and accident pre vention which is worked on a different system in nearly every State. In some cases compensation is too small, while the laws apply only to certain industries, and in other cases seem to indicate distinctly class legislation. In the State of Wisconsin, it was ob served, during the year ending June 7, 1908, there were lost as a result of indus trial accidents equal to 1000 men, which, based on the average earnings per em ployee, would amount to something like 500,O00dols. Another question of importance which came up was the unity of purpose among state bureaus regarding which it was shown that unity of purpose could accomplish the working out of desirable laws bearing on statistical reports, age limit and educa tional qualifications for children, restric tions oi: the labour of women, hours of labour in factories and shops, safety de vices, fire escapes, sanitary Buildings and surroundings, and for inspection of all these phases of work. 5 The fifth session of the convention re verted to the question of workmen's com pensation, and it was mentioned that eleven States had some form of compensa tion laws modifying the common law lia bility. New York had a compensation law which was declared unconstitutional by its Supreme Court. The optional plan for New York provides a scheme of compensa tion or insurance based upon the consent of the employer and employee to operate the law. In relation to payments : In England the employer pays all the compensation, in Germany the burden for the first three months in borne in part by the employee, in all the American States the burden is put on the employers in the first instance, excepting Ohio, where 10 per cent is taken from the employee. On the opportunities and obligations of commissioners of labour it was stated that there were still a number of States having no adequate legislative authority for the collection of industrial accident statistics, but bills were being drafted for new legis lation in 1913. Closely allied to the accident class of industrial industries is a group of work hazards known as diseases of occupation. During the past two years eight States have enacted laws requiring physicians to report on cases of poisoning from lead, arsenic; mercury and phosphor ous and compressed air illnesses. Another object for legislation is Sunday observance as a day of rest. The Minne sota bureau of labour has reported that in that State 49,166 railroad men, 3705 trol ley men, 2320 men in beat, light, and power plants, 11,358 in -hotels and restaurants, ? and 1981 clerks in drug stores, worked 7 days a week. In New York, in 1910? 2000 telegraphers and 2244 stationary engineers reported a 7-day week. The United States Bureau of Labour reported in the summer of that year that 5 per cent of the steel workers were working 12 hours a day and 31 per cent 7 days a week. The report of the New York Department of Labour Statistics on the Typographical Union No. 6, treats the question of the employment of women printers in a sepa rate chapter. The employment of girls as typesetters began in New York City in 1853\. A little later on attempts were made to secure Labour's recognition of these new workers, but there was much opposition. In 1868 the Women's Typographical Union No. 1 was formed and soon took part as an ally in the movements of the men. The women's union was chartered in 1869, but it soon encountered rough times, for the employers refused to pay its members the same rates as men, and after fur ther adversities the union was dissolved in 1878\. In 1883 the New York Typographi cal Union received women as members, when the journeymen insisted on and secured equal pay for them. The Steel Trust officials have circulated a report that material increases of wages are to be inaugurated. This is the result of the educational campaign of the Ameri can Federation of Labour amongst the em ployees. The Trust had 196,880 employees on its rolls in 1911 The Union of Coal Miners increased its membership last year from 275,000 to 391,120. There has been no underground bakery in Chicago for many years. It is proposed to abolish cellar bakeries also in New York State. There is already such a law in New Jersey. Further, a license shall be neces sary which may be withdrawn by the Health Authorities at any time. Compul sory examination is to be provided for all employees. In the State of Oklahoma the recall of public officials by popular vote has been ap plied to the officials of the College of Agri culture, who had been found guilty of cor ruption. In the new election the farmers returned four Socialists. At tha town library in Boston a lady ' Story Teller ' has been appointed. For many years this lady gave her services voluntarily with great success and every day now there are 'story lessons ' at the library for children. South Africa. The political organisation of the coloured races in South Africa is advocat ing a bill prohibiting the sale of alcoholic drinks to coloured x-ersons as is already in force in the Transvaal. Their organisation publishes a weekly paper which battles par ticularly for equality. Up to now they are, as all 'non-Europeans there, without civil rights. France. The Trade Union National Centre of France has published a manifesto against the attempt to re-introduce three years' military service. The Socialist party at the present moment numbers 72 members of the Cham ber of Deputies, 297 mayors, 400 aldermen, and over 3000 common councillors in 700 municipalities. The membership of the party numbers 70,000. According to the balance-sheet of the syndicalist daily paper the circulation rose during the past year from 37,300 to 45,500 copies. The paper has still a monthly de ficit of £320 (as against £485 in the past year), which is covered by voluntary sub scriptions. The building workers and other trade unions contribute a regular sum of about £60 monthly for the support of the paper. An idea of the lack of accommodation for Paris workers may be obtained from statistics on the subject which shows that at the end of December, 1912, of 741,870 so-called small dwellings only 2421 were empty. In the. 17th arrondissement, for example, only 72 were unlet. In such cir cumstances, naturally, the landlords are all powerful. Holland. The trade union ofThe lower deck per sonnel of the navy numbers 2994 members, or 78 per cent of the warship crews of this class. The diamond workers have decided to assign 25,000 gulden (Is. 8d.) to the locked out cigar workers. The Union of Hotel and Restaurant Workers had at the end of 1912 seven sections with 714 members, as against 910 at the beginning of the year. This decrease was caused by the formation of a so-called 'neutral' organisation. According to the Dutch Statistical Year Book, which, unfortunately, reaches only up to the year 1908, there were in Holland engaged in State service, that is employed in works of the State, in 1899, 64,138 per sons; 1902, 110,932 persons; and 1908, 178,954 persons. The average daily work ing time was eight hours or less for 10,U»y employees, 8-9 hours for 17,475, 9-10 hours for 38,339. 1041 hours for 112,382 11-12 hours for 665, and even more than 14 hours for 4 employees. The average hourly wage was for adult workers as follows : Navvies, 4d. ; bricklayers, i\; brioklayers' labourers, Sfd.x longshoremen, ^d.j da£ labourers, 3Jd. ; smiths, 4i-L; painters, 4d. ; carpen ters, 4id. Belgium. In Ghent a workers' bank has been es ? tablished by the cooperative-societies and trade unions which belong to the Labour party with a capital of 1,000,000 francs (about £40,000) of which 25 per oent has already been paid in. The bakers of the Brussels co-operative societies work in three shifts of eight hours on six days a week. Every three weeks a night- shift falls for each worker. Each man receives a weeks' holiday every year with full wages. The wages are: For be ginners, 4/2 to 5/- daily; foremen lOd. more. Flannel shirts, trousers, aprons and sandals are provided free. They receive 21 per cent of the net profit and choose their own representative on the manage ment board. After a certain period of . service they are entitled to superannuation Say of 1/8 to -2/- a day, and in case of eath the family receives about £12 bene fit. In Brussels lately an International Con ference of the ' Christian ' provision and foodstuffs workers' union took place, in which, it is said, representatives from Bel gium, Holland, France, and Spain took part. It was decided to fight against night work and to form an International 'Chris- tian ' Federation with the executive in Belgium. The International Committee meeting of the miners dealt with the question of the regulation of production. It was agreed that this will only be possible by obtaining simultaneous reduction of hours in all countries. In relation to the trans ference of members from one to another national organisation it was agreed on all sides that transferred members should be treated exactly as home members with the same length of membership. A proposal to alter the international legitimation card in regard to the foregoing shall be placed before the next International Miners' Con gress. This will take place at Carlsbad, Austria, in July. The Central Educational Committee of the party and trade unions has decided to appoint two permanent travelling lec turers. Germany. At the end of 1912 the Bakers' Union had 220 tariff agreements by which the wages and working conditions are regulated for 20,628 persons in 7920 bakeries. For 16,989 prrsons the living-in system had al ready heen abolished. The average weekly wage amounts to 25s. 9d. According to official statistics there were 820,831 foreign workers engaged in Prussia in 1911, as .against 454,348 in 1905\. On these 204,348 came from Russia, 357,000 from Austria-Hungary, 96,000 from Italy, etc. In the building trade no settlement has been arrived at in the wages negotiations which cover the whole of Germany. The employers determinedly oppose all impor tant improvements. The wage movement in the wood indus try is practically at an end. The signing of the district tariff has already taken place in most towns. As the employees in the painters' wage . movement rejected the award of the Ar bitration Court the organisation of the employers proclaimed a lock-out of all organised workers. But the lock-out has turned out a fiasco, as of 53,000 members uf the National Union of Painters scarcely 15,000 and a few hundred members of the 'Christian'1 Painters' Union only are locked out. Denmark. The proposed lock- out of 20,000 workers in the metal industry and on the 6hip wharves has fallen through as an agree ment has been arrived at for ships' painters ;uid ships' carpenters. The settlement meant a fair success for the workers. The painters receive an increase of 8 per cent., though the employers put forward a re duction. On the proposition of the Government official for conciliation, who intervened for the settlement of the conflict, the State Statistical Bureau shall institute an in quiry re the wages of painters on the Eng lish and German wharves, and on the ground of the results achieved, if the par ties still desire it, a new tariff revision shall be introduced. The employers con tend that payment on the competing wharves in England and Germany is lower. The Danish Employers' Union, to which practically all the Danish Employers' As sociations belong, has decided upon the in troduction of compulsory strike insurance. The fund inaugurated for this purpose, according to the conditiont of 1912, amounts to about £100,000. Ibis will be increased by ear-marking two- thirds of the subscriptions to the Employers' Union for the fund. This means a yearly contri bution of £17,000 for strike insurance, 25 per cent, of wages paid out being allowed to the employer during any dispute. The expenditure on this basis is estimated at about £10;000 per year on an average. According to the report of the Inspectors for the Danish Unemployment Insurance, ths number of recognised establishments last year increased from 51 to 53, the mem bership rising from 105,161 to 111,187, that is, over 90 per cent, of the organised wor kers of the country. The income of these funds in the year under revjew amounted to £1,253,849. Almost half the income came from public grants. These subsidies are calculated on the basis of the expenses of the previous year, the State contribut ing XoompulsoH^HMihirdr^andrth©^ munici palities (voluntary) a sixth. The figures show that the municipalities have gone be yond the extent of tneir morally bounden duty in their subsidies to unemployment insurance. ? In general, the report shows t!laT~vok~ uutary unemployment insurance with pub lic grants in Denmark have reached a pretty high standard. The contributions members pay are rather high, only about a sixth part of them paying less than 11s. 3d. yearly. At the yearly meeting of the Unemploy ed Funds the State Labour inspector com plained bitcrly that the employers not only fight unemployment funds with pub lic subsidies (which have existed for five years), but also are attempting to bring about at the coming revision a deteriora tion of the law which regulates these mat ters. Sweden. A commission appointed by the Factory Workers' Union to inquire into the possi bility of introducing unemployment sup port, has decided to iay a proposition be fore the next general meeting for the estab lishment of an unemployment fund. The contribution shall amount to 2fd. per week; the daily allowance after a year's membership shall be Is. lid. A new or ganisation of waiters has just been found ed in Stockholm, with about 150 members. The previous organisation of the Stock holm waiters failed after the general strike of 1909, in consequence of the victimisa tion of the Gotenburg system. Norway. The average daily working time in Nor way, with exception of the shorter Satur day, according to trade union statistics, is 10.1-10.9 hours for bakers, coopers, dock and transport workers, millers, tailors, the textile and paper industries; 10 hours for masons, butchers, in sawmills, the con structive works, in breweries, dairies, and quarries ; 9.5-9.9 hours for tinsmiths, build ing workers, bookbinders, in the chemical industry, match factories, in gas and elec tricity works, paint shops, cabinet-makers, mechanical workshops, drain- pipe layers, goldsmiths, furriers, blacksmiths, in the leather and shoe industry, tobacco indus try, woodworking trades, joiners and car penters; 9 hours in the printing trades. The average working time for the first five days of the week is 9.9 hours for all workers. Russia. Since the middle of February there have been in St. Petersburg nightly raids on houses followed by numerous arrests of workers and students. Between 40 and 100 such visits are being made by the police every night. For instance, in the night of March 3 and 4 over 100 house visits were arranged,' which in most cases ended in arrests. These raids are made in order to capture members of the strike committee who it is alleged are at the head of the growing strike movement in St. Petersburg, and also members of the cen tral committee of the Social Democratic party. All the prisons are filled to over flowing, and the persons arrested are being lodged at the police stations. The Government is endeavouring, by all imaginable tricks, as ever, to render im; possible all workers' meetings for the pur pose of electing representatives on the boards of the nevii national insurance scheme. Every attempt of the workers to come to an understanding between them selves is nipped in the bud. To all assem blies Government officials and experts are sent, and by their representation make as much as possible out of the act for the employers. Austria. The Mayor of Vienna has commissioned the Executive of the Town Council to in vestigate the possibility of establishing a non-compulsory municipal unemployment insurance fund in connection with the Municipal Employment Agency, and to submit suggestions thereon. On March 1 the collective agreement for 23,152 members of the Masons' Union in 21 places terminated. A renewal of the agreement could not be arranged, as the employers would not move from their first offer of about 6|d. per hour. The Town Council of Cracow has ordered that compositors shall hayejehairs or stools at their work, as the continual standing at work is often the cause of ex tended invalidity. The wages agreement of the Vienna painters and kindred trades ran out on March 1. As the employers will not open up negotiations, the workers will deal with individual employers. The Central Union of the Co-operative Societies has decided upon the establishment of a training school for managers. With a small majority the Upper House threw out the bill passed in the Lower House which would abolish punishment for breaches of contract by employees, even though the Government was in favour of the bill. As ever the old order will prevail with one form of justice for the employer and another for the employee. Hungary. The Committee of the Hungarian Labour party has postponed the political general strike for the present. In the meantime the workers are preparing them selves zealously for the coming fight, as they will not allow pass the reactionary 'revision' of the enfranchisement laws which has been settled upon by the party in power by the worse form of coercion. Switzerland. The Commission on the new factory laws holds, in spite of the demands of the Federal Parliament and the workers, that employers may impose fines on their em ployees. Of course these fines shall be laid down in the factory regulations. From statistics of the factory inspectors it has been shown that in the vast majority of businesses — over 90 per cent of all estab lishments with more than 50 employees each — the system of fines has been com pletely set aside. In Brissago, in the Canton of Tessin, the railway men' 6 organisation has opened a second holiday home. In Switzerland there are 13,414 male and 33,529 female hotel and restaurant workers for whom there has not been a modern trade union up till now. For this reason the Trades Council in Zurich in duced the German Union of the Hotel and Restaurant Workers to include Switzerland in their sphere of organisation, and to place a district organiser there. The great fluctuation of these workers and other reasons make it appear not advisable to establish a separate Swiss organisation. The Woodworkers' Union was able in 1912 te-procure a shortening of work' time for 654 persons amounting to 3668 hours weekly, and increase of wages of about £225 weekly for 1915 persons. In most towns of Switzerland the local branches of the trade unions are united with the Social Democratic party in a Workers' Union. The Workers' Union in Zurich has just decided that trade union and party sections shall establish separate central bodies. In general questions, how ever, they shall work together as hereto fore. The Swiss Building Workers' Union writes : The tile layers in Switzerland will apparently be drawn into a conflict with the employers on account of difficulties arising out of the new tariff agreement. The old agreement terminates on March 31, and negotiations up to the present have been without result. The employers sug. gest to us that they can get workers from Germany ; therefore we warn all workers againsir Becking work in Switzerland, where there is great depression in .the building trade. Italy. A special Trade Union Congress in Milan decided upon the attitude to be adopted in relation to tho revision of the Accident Insurance laws. They require particularly the extension of tho compul sory accident insurance to cover all classes of workers, payment of compensation in instalments — not, as at present, in a bump sum — and all compensations of all private and separate funds to be replaced by one distinct State fund. Spain. The Socialist party contemplate trans forming their weekly paper 'El Socialista' into a daily paper. This will be the first daily Labour paper in Spain. During the year 1912-13 the oversea trade reached its highest, and the Home trade its heaviest on record. 