BRITISH AND FOREIGN,; Catching a pony in a field, the 'eight- year-old son of a farmer named Wood, of Great Harrowden' (Eng.)j ' fastened -the hempen halter round his wrist, whe'ri the ? animal. bolted, dragging the boy. along the ground and killing him. ,, ? y ? A sad driving. fatality occurred on a re cent night on tho public road between Midleton and; Oastlemartyr (Ireland), the victim being Danish Bourke, Cork : City (30). He fell off a seat of a calf van whilst on the way overnight to Killeagh fair. Crossing the railway near Pomery sta tion (Ireland), a farmer, Isaac Brimage, of Killay, was killed^ recently.' Ha was going over a level' crossing at his own lands with a horse and cart when the Derry to Belfast passenger train dashed into them. Bri mage and the horse were killed, and the cart reduced to matchwood. There is a stiff down gradient at the. nlace, and the train was going at a fast rate. Tlie 91-year-old sergeant-at-arms of the Belfast (Ireland) Corporation, Mr. James Morrow, died recently. He had only re cently celebrated the jubilee of his appoint ment, an event so unique in municipal life that it was not allowed to pass unnoticed by the Lord Mayor and he members of the Corporation, who on New Year's Day pre sented him publicly with a purse of sove reigns. . . Two hundred thousand tons of rock from the side of a limestone hill at Porthywaen, ftiear Oswestry (Wales), recently slipped and fell into a quarry. Below the c-vei?t of the lull there is a bow-shaped luiotule, about ,'500 yards in length, and neaiei the ' cliff-face of the hill is a fracture 200 -.uds long. The face of the rock has boon thrown back oO yards by the fall The landslip is attributed to the heavy idin An imae,e of Kali, tlio Indian idol, was found at Uoa Bagan, in northern Calcutta, recently. The image was found, at a depth «of about twelve feet by some men who ?were digging the foundations of a nav building. The image was made of some black stone, was' 36 inches 'high., and ap parontly very old.- JThe Hindus living in the locality arc thinking of r building a temple on the spot wher,'e ,tlib idol w as found. . u ' ' Hematite, in unlimited deposits, is le .ported +o have been found in certain paits of the Cape Colony province of South Afn ca. Sir Iiionel Pliillips, speaking m Par liament at Cape Town recently, aioused much interest by stating that he had le cently had brought -to his notice the new discovery which .might he of the utmost im portance to South Africa. The deposits in question aro.vsituated in ,the Pneska dis trict. * . ' '' ' V' '. ''? An iron cannon ball was unoaithod by the green keepers on a golf course at Peith (Scotland) some time ago. The mon.weie engaged on^sonie excavations on the com be when they round the 'ball' about six feet below l the surface''' of --tho ground The missile, which/, measured 18in. in^oncum fcrence, was 'deeply' embedded in the tiap rock, and had suffered 'little fiom oxida tion, being secure from thcfrdi&integiatmg; effect of tho-atin'ospliere.V/'V.' * s Three persons' averc suffocated as !tho--J e-t suit of a fire, which., occurred in a diapcHy establishment ? at ?'Limerick-' (Ji eland) ie-c cently. ,'The, proprietor^;; .»; man named Clancy, and an assistant were rescued fibm an upper window, ^hy.^nioans;; of a pamtei's ladder, but it Vas''hnpbssibllo 'to le.noh the others ,in i;hp ~bujlding^-Gcbrgo Clancy, aged ,'f ourteeri1, nephew 5 of 'the- pi opi letor , Peter M'Donnell,' an 'assistant ; and Maiy ' Daly,- an elderly woman servant ?' ?' - \ .'§ S**-v '*'',',?'''*? - v -A mysteji'iqus/misliapj.Mvliich' lcsultod in -'serious inj\i£1ies'..fq,-sSd- seainen5', occuned m the steamer' Gockenll'ljetween '©over (Eng ) and Folkestone,,, recently.,; while-i she -naSfOn * her way/sjto' Spezzia| w'itH ajfeaigo of coal The CoclrefilF put' ''back* ;'i30 Ddvei'Haiboui, and the' captain! told 'the. story. A sailoi had gpne-into the bakh. with; a naked light There was a violent 'explosion, which pai tiallv -juecked the foiecastle and the men's quaiteis and mjuied the six men _ fJ The diamond mining industry o^Kirn-^ beiley (South Afnca) had a,nanow escapee* fiom destiuction a, few ' evenings ago Fifteen tin ok loads of dynamite' for^the Rand , amounting to 150 tons (in ,aIL, '«eie about to be shunted, when 'a' case of dyna mite removed fiom one of the iiucks^was found lying in the peimanent way' It i& thought that natives had i emoved_the case undei the impression that its contents were biandv, thefts of which'have'been'fiequent of late An invalid saved tho life of a little ^ve year-old gnl named Mornson, oti the bay at Perth (Scotland1) lecentlv While play ing the htile gill foil into the nvei Alexandei Callachei gaidenei, who has been an invalid for some time, and was ,iust recovering from a serious opeiation had his attention drawn to the drowning child, and, weak as he was, he threw off his jocket. and plunged into the flooded river. After a severe struggle Gallichei managed to bring the girl to the bank A miraculous escape from di owning oc curred to Patrick and John Walsh, fathei and son/' at Lough Corrib (Ireland) A boat in --which they were .conveying a caigo ? of turf to Cong capsized when wjthu\L a mile of shore, and both -..', men ,w. ei e tin own into ^ the -. -..water. ? John.),- ??Lydpn,- of Cong,, went to their- rescue in.i'a smajl boat,,, and after ; great difficulty succeeded in,, saving both men, whoni he conveyed^to shoie-in a pitiable condition. This ;is ;the fifth life Lydoti has saved in the Corrib ,w ithm tlnoe years. ?''.'? ' - ^ :: -v;:', A coolie riot (one of .the most scuous disturbances which have taken place in the colony for years) broken out at Berbice (British Guiana)* 'a few'_ weeks ago Tn addition to minor casualties, no fewer than fifteen lives were lost, one 'victim bem?; a policeman and the remainder East Indian immigrants. A murderous attack made by coolies on the policeman, who was in the execution of his duty, compelled the au thorities .to 'resort to firearms, and it was in this way that the coolies came by their death. ?-.'?-. New building to a considerable extent is going on in Calcutta (India). It is inte resting to note that all the tendency is in the direction of '.. erecting scries of the modern style of self-contained flats. The old-fashioner bungalow is no longer .Wanted, and many are. of opinion that in a few years even the best of the bungalows will begin in cotne down t.o make way for the new type of house. Some of the spsi cio\isness,of Anglo-Indian life' will certainly disappear' with the old bungalows with their large compounds. -? .^ ? , Asleep in the vestry, a man named lie id, n vagrani , was found by tho caretaker of si church at ??La.ng'htre-e, Liddlesdnh; (Scot lam]), on a rewnh morning. The man's head vns wrapped in liis coat, and for ji. pillow he had brought in a small bunch of straw. lie had n-Un removed the pnrnftin ' stove iiml two pulpit candles from the church to tin-* vestry. When requested to leave he refused. The minister of the church, the, Rev. William Bell, v/;is sent for, find be had to threaten the intruder with a dog '\vhrp bofoie ho would quit his shelter.,. **? Falling 163ft } a steeplejack at Ne.ith ti('Wal'os)jlinet Vitli a ternble end recently w hilo pin string his dangerous ^calling. Tho man, t Elias-^Pelhiigtorc, w^as^ employed m ^eiectmg one-foti1 biie'highest^stacks ,at the local steelw orl*s/ w herOyOxtensipns me lie mg camed^ouj/* JHe'was being Jioisted up' as usual to the^dizzy^height in^tho ciadle, bxit on giming the, (iSi'miniit vof-the st«ackf tho 'cradle, tilted, i tin owing ^the daring} 'steeple lack clcati^ouVTlie body fell to the| gi'ound (a diopW 163ft )v mi' jbo «i considei a-blo jmount of clebnsh and Oio^w as smash-; ed almost to a-^pulp ( *J- * -? ' ± \ A girl pieavclier vof 18 -s oai s^ai oused on-' thu&iastic; scenes* at a leeent ,feligious, ie-, vival at i\Iciton, neai Wimbleton (Eng )| The gnl, Miss Helen Goulthaid,-tamo fiom1 Bolton, x(Laneashno) i ,She iS slim and1 daik, with a,\\\ eai^esL, face, and dail- cuils falling o\ci l\e.i ^shoutdor\ * tShe has a1 wealth of gestuie and a fine emotional voice Hei comniaiyLvof mctaphoi and il-J lustration^ was ostiaordinaky, and she held; the audicncQ '^spellbound 'f or^ ovei half an hourr spealving witlioiit a note £ She is the daughtei of a mill hand and began pi cach ing at the ^age^of 5 thirteen „ r ,' In Geoigetown (Biiiish Guiana), 0116^0? thc^1 most^seiious losses suffeied foi some yeais is the frecent destiuction bv fiie oft the 'Roman Catholic CathediaP, one of the landmarks '06 the capitdl, arid also- tlie most beautiful ^building in. the place Within, the~-shoit space of a couple qf houis this magnificent structuie''. 'elected at a cost of? upwaids'df £30,000-j'apalit altogethei fiom the1 value of the piesentation stained glass Tunddws, fittings, etc was swept away by the fire (the result of the accidental upset -tmgf of a coal pot while a workman was1 engaged on the tower), and leduced to a shapeless mass of mins Twinkling lights on the. top of Mount Tiyfan one of the most dangeious moun tains in Snowdoma (Wales), attracted tho( attention of le^idpnts m the village at the foot of £he mountain a few weeks ago I Answeimg lights wimp waved, and a scaich p-ut\ was J 01 mod winch some hows latei , found toi 1 men and a Ionian on the moun tain The t-nuists had been ovoi taken, by1 night They were foiced to seek jefuge among the locks facing a, stiong gale of ice-cold wjnd They, lit wax vestas as signals, and by clustering togethei weie able to sin vive, the long houis of tho night until the lescueisiai/rived ' Almost uni ecpgnisab.le, 'undei a thick lay ei of dnt and varnish/ an ^unquestionably; authentic and highly nnpoitant^painting by the famous aiti&t;, Velasquez, was ie cently * discpvei ed, in London The pic-j ( tine — 'The* ''Annunciation ' to the Shep-1 heids' — ii5i,one of; the , finest works of his eaily, period. It was for^ten years m tlie middle r of last centjuv4 exhibited tat the Louvre, at .Pans ,^It re now cleaned and bi ought back to something, of its pustine fieshness and puiitv?/,3n' -the house of tho foitunate eonnoisbeur who was 'ablo to de tect its supienw qualities Tinder the ac cumulation of gnme and dut Blown tin ough -the ceiling by a gas ex plosion, a joiuig man, George Collin^on and a woman, Mj&& Ann Giay, lost then lives at Hobbui n-on-Tyno i.efeently. Tho build ing in which the explosion, ^occurred was divided into flats, -'and'- tlio 'two 'people were blown into the room immediately above the one in which they were standing. Three other 'peonle living in the house were, in jured. Five families living in adjacent houses had narrow escapes. . 'Eight of the tenements were wrecked, the outer walls of tin: block were forcJd outward, and had to be shored up, and a dividing wall between two houses was blown out. Ma- ny windows in houses ' adjoining were broken by the force of the explosion. A story of the. remarkable, return of a eat to its old home comes from Kirkcaldy (S.-otlaml). Tn -January last ;- .miner. visiting friends near buul'ermline was presented with the. household cat. With liis j^ii't in a basket be walked four miles to Hnlbeath station and travelled by train to Kirkealdy. a distance of about 10 miles. On the evening following, its advent in Ktrkcaldy the, cat could not be found. No thing was heard, of it till a few weeks ago, when a letter was received IY0111 tlie pre vious owners saying the, cat had returned, tind that they would not now psirt with it 0:1 any coTisMuriition. Tlie cat. which had been missing for over three months, was quite plump when it returned. Amusement wjis afforded at the recent No wry (Ireland; .Sessions on tho hearing of a case bi ought Us Chaihs Vance domestic sei\cint agunst the Rev JI M' Knight, Hectoi of Ivilkeel to ieumi £3/11' one months wages The cleig-smm had le pioved hoi foi binirig oil She stited that aftei some woids he told hei to leave the house, 01 he would kirk hei out Uo said she should be 111 gaol and she a* as 1 miserable-looking' cicatuie She denied having said he hid a face like 1 hcai se 01 a funei&l; The defendant said the gul was lll-tempeied and quail oiled with bis butchci She called him names He had no experience of sufhagettes, but this lady looked vciy liko one The case was dismissed. A nio^toi accident took place in Pailn ment-stretit, Dublin, recently Eaih in the evening, when a motoi cai aa.is cioss mg tli,e stieet, a little bov, '\ficliiel Nu gent, aged five veais, daited 111 fiont of the cai jTIip fiont mud guaid stiuck the boy, who fell in fiont of the machine The chauflleui, with lemaikable piesenee of mind, and absoluto contiol of his m.ichme, hi ought the cai to a stindstill befoje the leai AAhoels pnssed o^ei his body fn the confusion that leigned noboch seemed to ^inow what it was that was underneath the cai ^A const ible was lmmedntery on the scene and, with the niel of '\Mlhns: hands, ha'd the cai diaA\n off sidewiys, when the little bov was tnken out and convej'ed to the hospital The bov was umnjuitd w.'Eluck and piompt action onh avei ted wlnt looked like de\ eloping into a vei % senous aendent at 'Mid-Caldei (Scotland) A*lad Jn the emplovment of a man n lined Marfson. of Millug was duvmg i a onus; hoise when suddenly it bolted The He! managed to gefc out of the % in, but the hoi so continuing its nnd flight dashed into the antes cuaidmp the 1 ulwa- ei oss mg at Mild-Caldei stntion mel sorc;ieit was 'ther impact that the cites weic ioiced open, the inimal sustaining some se\eie m imies A voung poi tei nished out and caught ithe lunmuu hoise inst as a goods train was ippioachinpr and nioinwhilo the local sigmlm.m seeine^hat hid h lppened put the^signal against the tiam thus stexi pmg ii, in time to pi event fmthei mis hap. Buried alive two men met thgu death it Kelty (Scotland) *- few we^ks pa.o The men John Duff (30^ and John G\lbeit (.'36) A^eie at woik jn tho bank scam qf a col lieiy putting up some suppoits fo the looi wht^n Juehait's lamp lequued fillintr The latter went on to the loadw.iy, and hid ]nst got thcie whenia laige stone foil took plcKe, estimated at twenty tons, the ma tenal coining to5 his, ffpet ( TIk? othei two lnen^woie completely bui'ied °Juchmt it ouccT'aaiserl'tlie;-''alaij'n,''~a'Tid 'soon a laigc numbei:-1'of * workmen headed by the man agei wei^o engaged in 'thoVoik of lescue It w as tvi o hours latei , how evei bef 01 e the men wee discovoied, and then life was wx^uctK 1 ^Ueeantly 1/v,'p of GiJ belt's sons died while anothei ?'was 'tho victim of a* motoi accident A soi lous mishap occuned to sevcial bovs who1 ^eie pilling at a colheiy neai 'Halkeith (Scotland) on a letent evening Dining then games they staited to nde 0^ some of the roal hutches All wont well foi some time but unfoi tunatelv iho l^s weie cnued light on to tho sciffold imr, and fell with the bogeys— a depth of $0f t. .Many : . of /.the ,. ^miners hurried to rescue the. youths and liiformatinTi wos sent to Dalkeith, somerithreo, miles distant, and two physicians arid their assistants hurried t--- the colliery. Tt was : found tbnt three of the l)ovs had suffered serious f-i juries. Dnnifl M'Mahon (13) had liis skull frac tured, Miul was in a precarious condition; Peter l^'o«rm (1\\) bad both arms broken ; Robert .Knight (11) had his left arm broken and sufforcnl from other injuries. On a long tramp, self imposed, from Durban (Africa) to London (Eng.) two Scotchmen (James Scott, a native, of Stir ling, and .John Armstrong, a native, of lln wick), stiirtecl some weeks ago. They pro pose tramping through the Trsinsvaal ii.ntl llhodesia, afterwards making Tor Lake Ny assa, and thence, through binds ])racfcically unknown to white men, strike out for Luke. Tangyiinika. Afterwards by 'Uganda and Lake, Albert Nyatiza, they cross llrit.ish Kast Africjv. and enter Abyssinia, making their way for Iho Nile, .Kirelofjin, Kharto um, and Onidurnifm. .. roin there they roach C'-airo. Jfltrypt, and cross bv way of Suez, and tho Edan desorfs into 'Palestine. Thoy.the.'n travel through Asia 'Minor to I the Hosphorus, going th Though Turkey, Hungary, and Austria, and from Munich strike, out for Franco. Thence they make , straight for tho Straits of Dover, Fbiv Stealing trdes, a number of adults} and cluldren wore summoned at the Beriir shire Police' Court at Windsor; reqentfy The trees were firlo'nes and grew at Sun ninghill. Tlie casrS Was' fin interesting and! . curious one. Fifty acres of -waste land at Sunninghill were apportioned to' different ^parishes for the benefit of tlio poor, A x scheme was arranged by which timber iras' grown, to be' cut and sold and the proceeds ' dovoted to the provision eif coal or grants of money for tho pbor. During the last, few -months! four hundred trees .fold been cut down and car.tedlawa-y by persaBtf with out permission. A search warrant fl'asi granted, and in thej houses 'of the defen dants large quantities of timber were dis covered. The case liad -a rather, comic as pect. It happened that four of the trus tees were members of the parish poejr fund council, but so indignant were the villagers at the - attempt of 'tlio .trustees to protect their property that at the recent election ? all four were turned eiff the -parish council. Human remains were une'nrthed dtirineT recent excavations at; tlie, Dublin City Halfl in connection with tlie providing of a neiv sewer in the conti-al hall of the municipal buildings. The skulls numbered five.. A number of bones, and a portion of a, coffin were also found. Three of the skulls were found four feet and tavo six feet from tho surface,. All the remains were in a won derful state of -preservation, considering; that the best local . ijuthorities conjecture that they must have?.! been interred for a 6 least two centuries a [id a1 half. The cir cumstance is accountcjd for by the fact that the soil is exceedingly dry. Two hundred and fifty years ago .there- stood' on the site of the city hall a convent, aifd the aroa wherein. the skulls and bones were unearth ed formed the burial place of the institu tion. In addition to the human remains a considerable number of oyster arid cocskle shells were found embedded in the dry clay. The seventeenth' century convent, of course, stood by the; banks of the Liffey, and this fact would lend corroborative tes timony to the explanation of the locale of the' discovery. | : . A . peculiar hoax ', was engineered at Queenstown (Ireland] h few weeks ago in connection with the opening of a new popu lar local restaurant. ; Some person or per sons sent out, in the name of the proprie tor, a, large number of fictitious invitations to representative people, asking the plea sure of their company at . lunch to cele brate the opening function, and traders engaged in all classes) of busi- ness were in vited to send goods to the hotel on the day. The result was that tobacconists, confectioners, plumbery, barbers, and hair dressers sent their employes early in re sponse to the orders, and several carriages' with liveried men were amongst the num ber of the victims, as Svere also furnituro dealers with crates of chairs, tables, and .other classes of furniture. Simultaneous ly the telephone was in constant demanel by persons 'phoning tlie hotel proprietor, some thanking him for the 'invitation.'' others expressing repret at not beingable to accept. He took the joke goodhumoiir edly, even though his own crested note paper had been surreptitiously used : for the orders to the traders. The goods sent by the latter were taken back by the irato carriers. ni'd at noon the assembly of in vited guests, 011 being informed how badly hoaxed they were, .chatted merrily about the fools' paradise. ..they had been tempor arily in. The restaurant w;as subsequently opened successfully, but there were no in-' vited guests to honour the event. . ' - Hanging in' mid-air; aJDuridee - (Sb.o,tland) chimney sweep,- 'John'; -.Grellaily/- liadj 'an-' a 1 a rrii ing ad veri tii re .' a -: f e \v-y d'ajs n go '.-.?: -i He owes his life to' thd fact that 'while ifaccxl with dangei-,. he :was able i to-.keep.aHcpol head. GellatJv was- alone on the roof of a tenement, arid ha el completed his work oh. one r chimney .head,, when lie was slowly making his way along the ridge to another, having to mount ovorj a set. of chimneys which wiis midway between. The first 'journey -passed off .without incident.- A littlei later, however, Goll'atly had occasion to return bv the same- route. He had again stepped over the intermediate, row of 'lums,' and was slipping down the ridgo, when with a jerk a large slice of the cope stones gave way. The next moment Ciel latly found himself' dinging to tho chim ney, with his feet dangling in the air. Severn I large stones were caught betwreen. bis body and the chimney head, piicl though hanging between life and death Gellatly coolly observed thot if ha slackened his - grin he would in all probability be pulled to his doom by the tumbling stones. Still keeping his hold, be therefore jerked his body backwards bit by bit, and allowed the. stones to go five. They rumbled down. , the slates, and were pitched into the street on one side find one eif tho platforms at the hack. Cellatly then dropped to the ridge a-nd returned to the* ground.. The lives of a number of little children play ing near, wesre endangereel by tho falling masonry, but none were; injured. 