NE WS IN BRIE F. Tin, £195 to £195 10s. Copper.-Electrolytie, £74 10s. Holbein failed in an attempt to swims the English Channel. English wheat market dull, with a? downward tendency. Invermay has won the northern jumioxr football premiership. The Australian cricketers defeated ai picked Chicago eleven. Playing against Sussex, G.II Hir. t (Yorkshire) Feored 166 not out. T. Aiken defeated F. Lindrum at bit1 liards by 139 in a match of 16,000 up. j It is understood that King Constn-_ tine of Greece will be crowned in May. English mails per R.M.S. Mooltan ardi due here by the Westralia to-morrow. Forty thousand troops will participate in the British manoeuvres in September. The open Australian golf chaunpionship lhas been retained by lvo Whitton, of Vie. - toria. Captain Kelsey and his live companions have started on their Q.pe to Cairo! motor expedition. New Pinafore shares changed hands' at 9%/d on the Launceston Stock E-x. change on Saturday. In Sydney on Saturday night MCeOoy defeated the Danish boxer Holberg on! points, after 20 rounds. launceston defeated Tamar for thei northern lacrosse premiership on Satur-! day by seven goals to four, The Tasmania mine clean up for the past month represented 1727oz. fine gold of an estimated value of £7325. In the second association semi-final in 3lelbourne on Saturday North Melbourne defeated Brunswick by 64 points to 20. Reuter's correspondent at Simon's Town states that the Australian cruiser Sydney sailed for Mauritius at 5.20 on Saturday. Viscount Haldane (Lord High Ohancel. lor) has arrived at New York, and sun. mitted to an interview by a delegation of newspaper men. The London Trades' Council has tele. graphed to Mr. Birrell (Chief Secretary for Ireland) etrongly condemning th e pert s:ecution of Irish labour leadsrs. The Prime Minister's assailants on thy Lossiemouth golf links were Winnie Wahl lace, of Dundee, and Flora Smith, of Dint burgh. They have been remanded. The English newspapers publish start. ling details of the fire on the mammotht German liner the Imperator. Second-1 Officer Gobreeht. behaved heroically. Arrangements have been completed fog Sam Langford to meet Jack Johnson int Paris on December 20D in a 20-round bou( on the stage of the Cirque de Paris. Count Rleventlow. in an article in the S"':Deutsche Tages Zeitung," attributes the Chinese rebels' hostility towards Ger-, many to British-Japanese machinations. The "London Daily Telegraph's" corro,, spondent at Capetown states that a pres ferentic.l tariff in favour'of Great Britalid is in jeopardy, and likely to be scrapped., 'There was a record attendance at ThT Northern Tasmanian 'Trotting Club'i? merting on Saturday, and the sum oh £1103 0s passed through the totalisa. tors. The New South Wales revenue for the first two months of the financial yea~ shows an increase of £230,270 as compar ed with the corresponding period lazti year. The Ozar ihas telegraphed Queen Wil-i helmina expresting the hope that the, newly-opened Palace of Peace will cons tribute to a cause hlie has already had ati beart. Mr. Hugh Mcintosh, in a letter to the. Englisli newspapers, guarantees the rais., ing of £5000 in Australia towards thei local finding and training of likely Olym4 pie champions. Melbourne Stock Exchange sales on, Saturday included:-Hercules. 10 Gs d;i Mount Balfour, 39s: Mount Jasper, £10,; £9 los; Lyell Blocks, is 60d; South Moimt Cameron (paid), 4s 3d. Mr. Hughes, the Camuaian Defence( Minister, and a large party of Canadianu officers, will attend the British manoe-) uvres, and have been granted special facilities, so that they may obtain ex-. perience. A large meeting of the South African' party was held at Fordsburg. Mr. Visser5 chairman of General Hertzog"s commit. tee, suggested the creation of two branches, one Dutch and the other tint English-speaking. Mr. Hawker, the hero of the recent i. great flight, was warmly welcomed on his return to London. He is now testing as new Admiralty aeroplane, and refused lucrative musical engagement to narrate\ his flight experiences. t Secret instructions, said to have been( received from the United States, and! spread throughout Mexico, indicate that the United States still intervene if fur ther attacks are made on the lives on property of Americans. Mr. hFricke, immigration Commissioner as for Canada, says that if reciprocity was ria arranged between Canada and Anstra ni- a great trade could be easily built up. A ac- better steamship service between Van re" couver and Sydney is essential. ed A typhoon in the Tokio district kcilledy scores of people. Seventeen childros' who were climbing Mount Komagatako Swere overtaken, and all perished. Humr dreds of bridges and houses have beers i destroyed, and 1500 houses submerged. "The Times" remarks that the passage i of the dree wool clause is a notable tes timony to President Wilson's skill and~ Stenacity of purpose in piloting the ma4 sure through a confusing medley of poli. tical cross-currents and crilaous obsetrn use tions. hor Tie fear has been expressed in eom4 cireles that the South African Gove' lit. i ment will malce the navy an excuse foa al- abolishing preference, and then discove that the extra Customs revenue must devoted to land defence or some othe, local purlxse. S Mr. Andrew Carnegie, in unveiling n Sbust of Sir Randall Oremer at the Pilace( of Peace. said that if the Kaiser sum mooned a council of the nations univesna? ST. peace would be assured. A small sparld \- often created a flame. and the Kaiserl held. the torch. The tramway men's demonstration i ten. O'Coumell-strmet, Dublin, was proclaime 10/ as seditioua. Mr. Parkin, leader of 'ITransport Union, who was remanded :ted bail with three others, delaredl that would go on with the dcnmostat~on *S, dead or alive. ie- lhlga'ria is negotiating with the P on the Adrianople question. The d?e beat sion to do this is due to Bulgaria's 'S i ability to sustain another campaign, ong also to the impossibility of raising a loa of 1o millions sterling until the presa tt. uncertaintv is ended. New York State autborities have sen( a petition to thie Canadian Governme . asking for the return of Harry Thaw, o the ground that he is an escaped lunt The Department of Justice announced i elky reply thalt it would leave t~he case i' o tie hants ol the Sherbrooke judggs foI 