nmiGEATiok. ': From Br. . Richard Arthur, M.L.A.; Sydney. :-r-'It always' appealed to me a3 an absurdity that; a :: continent 'such as Aus tralia- could be'reserved almost exdnsi-dy forthe people of one race tlnd nauonalitjv and I felt ttat the soon jr this delusion was- dissipated the better, so that we could obtain -our ishare of .tho desirable emigrants who were leaving Europe.' It is certain that we ' cannot get bstter, settlers ' than . from Sandinavia, but : Hol land is in alL probability a far more pro mising hunting ground for agricultural im migrants than either Sweden or Denmark. First, because the Dutch Government does not oppose 'an ; emigration propaganda '. m Holfa,nd, while the Swedish and Danish Qoyernments do; and in Germany, the man who talks emigration too loudly is apt to be conducted over the' frontier. Then' again, Holland is overpopulated, as also is 'Belgium, 'while' the Scandinavian countries are not. As regards the southern Europeans, it ,ia- simply -inevitable tliat they should be' utilized for our.tropics... It is ' useless ' f or us ; to attempt to 1W in; the face of Nature. The northern European was not. meant for the tropics, and 'has no abiding city there. It docs not matter how well you sanitate, the .tronics-as at Panama or Cuba, your Anglo-bason wo man rod child will not flourish there. ? It is' simply impossible to develop the Aor therii Territory witK labour .which is paid 23 per cent, more . vyage3 for -2o ' per cent, less work, as contrasted , to the southern States of'the Comroonwealth. If -Maltese and' Spaniai-ds arc ^mpjpyed on rajlway construction in the Territory, they should be paid the standard wage ruling in other parts of Australia and 'ni-. Tnorc. '--.Ana ,h€V: would be glad to t_keiit.;;TreferenCe should also be civen to jharn.edvnien,*aiid their wives and families'- Rhould:,jbe;-as- sisted to join thenv asVaC-dn^as .possible. If the Federal. Government will only nave the courage to devote; as; much mone^-.to immigration as Mr! Fisher'did.to the, ma- ternity bonus, it will do:great thmgs'for 'A—tralia.' ' ', ??.?'{..!_',?:???'.? :',.'??':': 