CLUB WINDOW. The Prince of WValco is likely to identify himself with Cornwall to a much greater ex tent than either his father or grandfather did, but in his case, circumstances are different, for ho will have more time than Ilnd his pre sent Majesty or lKing Edward, great(r Itand more imltportant matters Ihaving occupied thleir attention (says "Oar fIome"). His Rloyal High ness intends to farim himself ai on se of the Duchy Iholdiags, wtih thie object of estiablish itg a friendly as well as ihyal relationshipi itween landlordti and tenant, uand lie will pay frequent visits to thie properties int Cornwall. witeheeI hIe derives his revelnles. Thie Prince of Wales ihas imany little knowni privileges in thie l?yal DLuchy. Any tinco ho should desire to fish thie well-iknowni Loone Pool, at Ielston, thie owner of a neighhouringi estate, Nansloe, must furiish hiis Royal Highness with boats and nets, the property being held on this tenure. Coommanider Charles Cunninghalme Orahanm is his Majesty's groomn-in-wniting. Itoe worked for the Royal Natioaal Lifeboat Institution for twenty-three years, and hte ihas the Royal Itumane Society's silver medal for saving life. lie belongs to a family which Is among tile beswt in Scotland. The Cuntninghames were Earls of Gleneairn, and tle Grahams Earls of Henteith. The latter earldom is, indeed, claim ed by the "Commander's only brother, lIr. I. B. Cunninghame Grahamin , traveller and icono clast. " Sir Arthur Lnwley is one of the money ca iable administrators "discovered" by the / Cecil Rhodes. At that time he was private s rotary to the late Duklieof Westminster. Rhod saw sontothing in hiim, anld prmpetly offerd li a iposition untder the British South Afrita COtmi)aiay. Captain Lawley, as he was then, reemaited suflficiently lIng in the service of the enlmpany to rise to tile inmportant position of Adminiistrator of MaIlbleleland, and the good aork lie did ill organising the lRhodesian Field ',irece to go to tihe relief of Iafeking earned for hIim thie Governorship of Weostern Australin aid, suiIseqiueitly, a similar position in the T'ransvaal. It tile roiugh and ready diplomacy of the goldfields of Westralia Sir Arthur gain edl an experience that comes the way of few Englishmen. nf+ Prince Axel, seon of Prineo Waldemar of Denmark, indulges in many dangerous sports from lwhich royalty usually holds aloof, though his father does his utmost to cheek his love of adventure. For a long time hlie lhas taken seve ral flights ill neroplanes without the know ledge of the powers that he, who only discover ed that the Prince had been flying after he was in an accident that nearly cost him his life. Wheli they found that nothing vcould induce himi to forego his favourite pursuit, thley made the best of it by ordering him to take up aviation officially as an officer int the Danish tnavy. Prince Acxel lhas just been grant ed his pilot's certificato for the purpose. His aehieveiments evoked the utmost enthusiasm from his brother officers, and wheni hedescended from his trial trip they cheered him to the eclho, shouting "Long Fly Priice Ael!" Khing Alfonso enjoys the somewhat unique piosition of havinig been a rmioarchl from birth, for he was not born until six months after the death of hIis fathier, Alfonso XII. ie wras most wisely brought up by hIis mother, Queen Christina, who lhas devoted her wholo lifo to her son, and hler itfluenco over him now is almost as strong as ever it was. To her lihe owes a great deal of the intelligence and cour age for which lhe is so justly famed. King Alfonso would seem to bear a clharmed life. TIhe terrible anarchist ouitrage in which his life was attemlted on his wedding day is now a matter of history. IHe was returning to the Palace witlh hIis young Ecglish bride after the ceremony, whenl an anarelist fluog a bomb at tile carriage in whichl thley wrere driving. Tlhoghl the Kinig and Queen were unhurt, no fewer than twenty-thlree people were killed and ninicety-nineO icnjured as a result of the cx plhsion. Yet on' tile very seit day thie young couple bravely motored through the town un atteded, as an instance of their trust in the people. Kinig Alfonso is credited with forming a col lection of objects associated withl thle various sattepts against hIis life. Among other items elo possesses the teat of a feeding bottle with which an attempt was made to poison him at tIhe age of eight months; the walking-stick with shIichl a 3iscontented servant tried to brain him; pieces of the bomb tthrown at him in flarcelona; the skeleton of one of the horses killed by the bomb attempt in the Rue de Rivoli IParis; and fragments collected in the street after the expllosion of the infernal machine hurled at the Royal carriage on his weddiig day. Several instances of fathers and sons who were peers at the same time occur ill our social history. Among uptto-date examples are those of Lord Scarsdale and Lord Curzon of Kedles ton, Lord Wimborno and Lord Ashbly St. Ledgers, and Lord Elibank and Lord Murray. Brothlers -lwho are or have beets peers at the same time represent a more numerous com cansy. lodern instancesare those of Lord Lans downeo and Lord F'itzmaurice, and Lord Ivengh acd Lord Ardilaun. Then the Duke of Buc cleuch and the late Lord Moatagu of leanlieu were brothers; also the pIresent Lord Iddes leigh aced the late Lord Northeote, and the Lord Cromer of to-day and the late Lord Revel stoke. And ducal instaucces are afforded by the hcresent Duke of Sotherland and the late Lord Ceromartio and the late Duke of Westminster and the late Lord Stalbridge. And once upon a time four brothers were peers at the same, period: Lord Cowley, Lord Mayborough, Lord Mornington, and th great Duke of WTVellington. M'ajor Sir Hamilton Goold-Adams, IIigh Conm missioner of Cyprus, is a splendid type of Ad ministrator, and his present post is doubtless merely a stepping stone to another of muchl greater importance, for he is only fifty-five. Ho shis Lieutenant-Governor of the Orange River Colony immediately after the war, and later Governor, and by tactful administration ait a critical period he did much to aissunage racial fIeelings in lho Colony. Earlier, he was associ ated weith Sir Charles Warren in the ]ecchuana lacnd Expedition, and withl Dr. Jameson in the occupation of Matabelelauld, ic 189. There he comans del d the Field Forces, and he served ia the South African Campaiign, being mentio ed tif despatches. Sir RHamilton is a grandson of Elizabeth O'Neill, the famous actress at the beginning of the last century-, who retired from thee stoge on maerryicug Mr. W. Becher, Mf..P, afterwards crested a le-rouet. Riss O'Neill seems to have unconsciously sat to Thackeray for hIis Iportrait of "the Fotheringay," but re calling all that is known of the private life of Miss O'Neill, and the very highest esteem in which she was held by all, it would seem that the great novelist debased the character of a well-khowne publiq figure ic order to suit the needs of hIis story. Berlin, July 3.-The battleshilis of the 1913 progrmnsmo are to mount 15im. gunls. Tlho Tanmworth Farmors and Sottlor' Asso elation insito tlle co- oporation of tlso Liberal pally at the consing State olootions. The Farm ers 1and Sottlers' Aesociptioln at Forbes is es tablishing found to assist Liberal organisation in Ashburnham. Tlo Victorian Parliamlont was opened on Thurs day by the State Governor, Sir Jolhn Fullor. Amonog thle measurels foreshadowed in tile speech wore a Monopolies Bill and a Greater Melbourne Council Bill. Particulars are to lhand of experiments in Englanld witlh Dr. Ioharto's serum conntra toxin. It is claimole tlhat it will be pousiblo to mako a seruml for every disoease oaused by in jurious organisms. The Sydney HIospital autlhorities state that radium is useless for malignant disease of the llscos melllbranoi of tile lloutlh. They Far. however, thaIlt it is of thle utmost benefit in diseascd which start primarily in the skin. Mr. A. B. Piddington, K.C., hbs issued, an interim report on industril arbitration in New south Wales. lie receonll-li"h that thie Amal gamuated 1. and T. Union be restored to tihe register unlder tile 1912 Act. It is also reeom mendedl that the Isndustrial Arbitration Act be anlmonded ill a llnuber of reqpects. Thie Neon- Zealand Minister for Dofence (Mr. Alloen) states that tile Domilnion is getting an uip-to-dato semroplslne. T o s sleamer Belgie brought 1381 immigrants to Frelnantle; 03 girls came out to marry their sweethelssts. A searlet-fever opidemic at ismoro haos cost the locsl hospital over C1000. Onlo death hains oeturnred.-" Thie Tamwonrth FIarmeom and Sottlers' Asseo riationl objects to thie Ibuilding of the North thore brildge out of publlio money. The nowl scheme of medical inspectionl, under whiic every slchool pupIlil tiousghiout tihe State is to bo moedically examinedis will come into oporation on Monday. 