; The ,a-ery seamy side of the turf , came out in the eA-idence of the Wave case that A\\-as finished yesterday before Judge Wes ley. A- jockey named Seastream got a a'erdict for £400' from, a' bookmaker Avho had gfVen him in charge for alleged black mail. The evidence aa-as most unsavory. It reeked of. rascality ail the Avay through. It raised tho veil from turf a practices, in which' a perpetual stream of jockeys passes in revlcAV, discoursing of the prices' at Avhieh they pull horses for oAvners who Avant to cheat the public out of its Avugers. Seastream himself acknoAvledged to the court that he had accepted £20 from O'Neill for that purpose; but his plea aviis that he took the money, after acquainting his OAvner witli tlie book maker's bribe, aa-ith-thc sole object of en meshing a dishonest man in hjs fraud. He did this, he said, with the full consent of his employer. In the meantime O'Neill felt uneasy, and Avauted to get the jockey Avhom he had unsuccessfully bribed to close his mouth by signing a certain docu ment. Tlie jockey Avould not sign, . but Avent to the bookmaker's office to nego tiate the terms upon Avhicli he Avould capry out a certain fraud. O'Neill offered bim £100. Seastrenm refused, and asked for £500. Upon this a detectiA-e stepped -out from behind a screen and confronted the apparent blackmailer. O'Neill gave the jockey in charge for blackmail, and he was taken away to the watch house. That was the first part of the transaction. Cer tainly things looked very dark against him. HoAA-ever, conscious, as he put it, of bis innocence, he brought an action against O'Neill, for defamation and wrongful arrest, and laid. the damages at £1000. His case was that be.was 'living in an. atmo sphere where he was always being tempted — j . to roguery in the pulling of horses, and that O'Neill aa-as .onerof-the rascals Avho Jlve :on that species of fraud. Not only bad he taken O'Neill's bribe to pull a horse, and then refused to perform his share in the nefarious compact, but he had gone, he said, to negotiate the amount , of , black- mafl with, O'Neili for the sole purpose of exposingaraan Avho made the- turf 'stink. He told that 'story on oath'inthe witness bx, ' and the cross- examination to aa-hieh. 1m aa-as subjected did. not materially shake any part of. his extraordinary story. -The result-: aa-as - that the judge and th'c j iiry alike believed 'the jockey, and / the verdict cost O'NsilL' , the bribing bookmaker, , in damages to the tunc of £400, . besides the costs. of the ease., , In sporting, circles the . cA-ent . has ' at tracted a good deal of attention because of the revelations' in daylight' of/ the nefari ous doings which go, on" iii the dark iii these stable transactions.' ."Sport," as the' public knoAvs.it,- or thinks it. /knows it, ii often a seething cesspool of rascality, = in Avhieh bookmaker and jockey conspire together, with or without the'- oAvner, to fleece the punting public. It is not easy to think' of these eases .without a sense of loathing for; the- creeping /'creatures bred in tue darkness and ' the "slime V of tliis sport of -'-kings." - To; what 'base uses may not .the 'best tilings return ! The' demoralisation. -of the best' becoines the Avbrsi).. That is -the outcome of ; aa-agering done -in: the dark. And yejt.'werare itssured that; tlie turf cannot'surA-ive if betting Avere rigidly . proscribod.-., -The" '\vager -is an integral part; of the: h'orsc race,;/. ' Kaee clubs have invoked the. laAv to .regulate bettiiig, in order to .eleanse .the sport from these dirty elements that make it noisome. But, whatever else may have btfen the suc cess of ' the' - Victoria Jiacing Ciub)' it ' has not been, happy ?o, jar in/ this/ivorlv oLpur- gatiori? v. - . It is 'rigiit, howifiver, tojsny.of this most uiisnvory, "'Wave'.', case. tliat it points very strongly tlie moral in favor or machine betting. Under; tlie totulisator/ 'strictly enfoiced, these veimiii /Ayho .. hattpn mi "pulled" jiorses Avoulffifind their- occupa- g!)c> .und jockeys; would, not'live iii a constant temptation to roguery. The good people avIio refuse, to sanction machine' betting,' because -they, believe all betting to bo bad, arc like 'logo's personages, Avho Stould not sen-e God , because the deAil bade- them. . These people prefer tlie awful ! mora squalor of . Unadulterated boob- making wagers to giving a " licence to a totalisator that is' at least always honest in its transactions. .They Avant to abolish betting -altogether;! but 'since that is impos-: sible they refuse to take the half loaf of- reform, and choose rather to have" no' refoi-m at all. It is a singularly illogical attitude; but it has, to, be .reckoned aa-ith as part of the Avh'imsicalities of some good - men. The prohibitionists of betting 'have, uiips Avhieh are-.,, quite comprehensible, lli'ey aim at. nothing _ less tliari stamping. thc..aa-agcr .oiit,of human practice. Tliey might. us well try, to legislate original sin out of the a-iriLs.of the blood. Still, that is their aim, and it may -be admired as a counsel of perfection; but when they say. they. Aviil not accept anything that merely- minimises and regulates betting, but prefer to let it remain in all its nude ugliness, until such times as they can attain the .complete reform, they arc not acting us sensible reformers act in other depart ments of life. . The teetotal ier Would be glad to sec intoxicants utterly proscribed and prohibited/' Ho Avould, if lie could) compel every man to ubstain by Act of .l'afliament. . Not a trader of liquor aa-ould' remain in the . land if the thorough-going Bechabitc could rule. But, in the absence of apy chance of a general prohibition of alcohol. Ire accepts- gladly a Isav to regulate' a traffic which he oaniiot Avholly supifiress. Wagering is on prceiseiy tile same plane as the liquor traffic. In the -minds of a very large section of the community it is not a a-ice at all Avhen kept" strictly a\\-ithin temperate, limits. There are people, of course, quite convinced that moderate drinking is a peril not much less than ex cessive drinking. But they are never likely to prp.a-ail. It is just the same aa-ith the aa-agcr. Some hold all Avagering, little and large, the smallest -rattle, as avcI 1 as the greatest gamble, to be immoral. The major portion of mankind are not of this opinion. They hold moderate betting to be quite innoxious. Tlie evil, tliey think) comes in the abuse. It is quite beyond rational dispute that tli'e laAv could, by means of the totalisator, stump out most of the bookmaking profession, and prob ably. all of that class whose practices have come to light in this disreputable "Wave" .case. What perverse view of things is it that- keeps the foes of all betting in league | Avith the professional Avagerors in the re fusal to legalise the totalisator? Clear thinking on the matter aa-ill doubtless come some day, and all the quicker from such fetid revelations as those Which .have just been brought to the light of 'day before Judge Wasley. The English language is naturally found in use in those countries which the Anglo- Saxon race has colonised or subdued, yet the truth must bo faced that its a-ictory has never been complete or final, except . over the speech of decadent savages. One A m reason for this comparative failure is the political tolerance Avhieh British states manship lias generally displayed towards a conquered or ceded nation. The drastic coercive measures employed hy Germany to displace French in Alsace-Lorraine, Danish in Schleswig-Holstein, and Polish in Ger man Poland, .could not he enacted by any Legislatuie in any portion of the British Empire. The attitude of the man brought up to speak English as regards the accept ance of his language is of the ,';take-it-or-. " leaA-e-it" variety, hut there is ahvays pre sent the conviction that Hie other party will soon find it to be to his iidA-autugc, political ar.d commercial, to "take it." Hence it is that -within, the United King dom Itself there is a plurality of languages. Despite the fact that deliberation in the British Legislature must take place in the English language, the men of. Wales adhere tenaciously to tleir old Cymric speech; Gae lic, though- retreating, /is still to -be heard in the Highlands of Scotland, whilst in Ireland a'numbcr of causes, including a so- called Celtic- revival in literature, political aspirations for Home/Rule, iind a certain amount of ecclesiastical intrigue, has led to a forced' reA-fval of .tlie' almost obsolete Irish tongue. In South Africa, in addi tion to the perplexities arising from the native question, from'- Asiatic immigration and the inevitable friction betAveen two strong races, there is the problem pt tiie tAA-o European languages existing side by- side, each of which has- secured firm, hold and refuses to yield— a problem AA-liich threatens to become more iieiite in the near future., cln ; Canada , fi : similar. bilingual conflict has just recently undergone another exacerbation. In the province of Ontario a deliberate attempt lias been made to hinder the teaching of English, and place this language -'iii a position- subordinate7 to that .held by French. Tiie Provincial Gov ernment' of Ontario has endeiriored to right this abuse,' with .tlie. result that the French speaking population of, the Avliojo Dominion has., -been aroused, and strongly- AA-orded protests, and -even menaces, have been uttered. Difference of- language' in Canada is," of course, associated with differ ence of race and tradition," and in large measure by difference., of religiqn, and as the ecclesiastical authorities on one side are A'ery . actiA-e, .and. very 'adroit iu the practice of political wire pulling and tlie exercise of . spiritual pressure, the situation that has arisen, well merits the adjectiA'e " ugly" which the London ' "Times'" ;has used concerning it. ; ; ' ' ; In the Provincial iiouses of Legislature in .Quebec and .at Wh . Dominion Parlia ment at Ottawa cither' French 'or English may be employed in /debate) and the pro ceedings in both GoA-cynmental institutions must be recorded, m both languages. „\Vut have no reason, to., believe ..that tlie Cana dian politician, is a Whit' more terse and restrained in. speech than the- Australian. What, a terrible infliction- upon the Cana dian people these, records must be,' if iii ' truth they are 'double the bulk of the' a-erbdse and futile "Hansard -".Which aa-o know, , The internal. dissensions , Ayiiieh , these -.linguistic .troubles . indicate— dissen sions in '-which apparently there is '-much, ecclesiastical subterfuge aud chicane/ arid' much racial arid political bitterness — do not concern us. '.We are .happily, free .from- any possibility of such, arising,' nul, more- over, theyaru problems which the Cana dian people" in'iisi ' o', "by- themselves— peaceably, avo 'hope. Yet it is impossible "' to; view' Avithbiii; interest this collision' between oiir 'o'wii mdtiie.r' toiigrie and the language, whien Avas, onte1' spoken, in tlie English Court, but which fuliiiled.- its; purpose in -Britain by, profoundly modi fying the Teutonic- speech of the people.' We avIio are brought/ up to speak tiie English- tongue are apt to overrate its) power.;; True, : it possesses an/enormous. voaahulaViJ .ji. is the language of - Sliakr speare, and, Avhat is actually of greater importance in tlie Continent of Europe, tc is-.the language of .-Byron; its grammar is in many -Tespeets much' simpler than tliat of French, Gorman; Italian or Spanish; it' is /the language of the great republic) of NorHt America; and of maritime affairs the world over., Y'et, Avhen it has. come into conflict Avith French, tiie honors,' it must he admitted, Iira'c been easy. The' French language possesses, in fact, a surprisirig; '.tenacity of ' -life, due in) part to its intrinsic .beauty, and in part .-to-- that : strong, sentiment of affection toAvards ' the land of their origin which, all men of French birth and lineage possess. The 'tourist aa-ho descends into the crypt of ' Canterbury Cathedral in England may be surprised to hear a religious service being, conducted in the French language. The Avorshippcrs arc not, as might bo expected, the descend ant of prisoners of AA'ar " ditring ' tiie struggle against Napoleon, nor even of the /Protestants .who. crossed the Channel im such numbers in consequence of the •/Revo cation of tiie 'Edict, of . Nantes" in'1685. " .They are, in fact, ' the direct descendants1' of the Huguenots Avho sought. , refuge in .England iu. 1562 and the disastrous - years folloAving, Avlien Charles. IN. was.. on the throne of France and Elizabeth on' the throne of England. The French Jluririg an oceupation of exactly one'iiundred ye'ars imposed their language on, the island , of Mauritius, Avliere it still exists, -despite ninety-nine years of British rule. Mora striking still is tile strong position which -French holds throughout Egypt. The foundation of this ascendancy aviis Inid. liy/ the three years of occupation hy the soldiers of Napoleon, and Avas added to by French enterprise under Napoleon HI. In Canada no immigration from France has to any appreciable extent occurred since the Treaty of Paris in 1793. Vet French is tlie prevailing language in the province of Quebec, arid is said to be gain ing ground in Ontario, running parallel of course Avith the increase in tiie Frencn Canadian race. Though no one doubts that English Aviil one day be the ouly tongne spoken in Nortii "America, at least north of Mexico, yet that victory is still a long AVuy off. Not only is French putting up such a stubborn defence, and even gain ing some success in Canada, but local .colonics in' the United States of Germans, Russians, Italians, &e.;, are supplied Avith newspapers in their o\an tongue, and speak in their homes the language of their, fathers. In Latin America, Spanish has entered upon a new lease of life; in fact the majority of serious publications issued in this language has appeared in the Now World. The Englisii language, in fact, Aviil only persist or grotv as long as English speaking races hold their own or ad\\-ance in political dominion. In China and Japan German has arisen, as a serious rival, and the result of the antagonism is not without moment to Australian trade. To force the acceptance of his own -tongue is. as avc. have said, repugnant to the citizen of the British Empire, -yet something can-be done -to. the language Avhiok will riot drilj,'facilitate iii3: a-oluntary .acceptance hy others, but Avhieh at the same time Aviil lessen the tusk Avhicii the childhood of the Empire und of the United States has to face.. If a .reform such ns simplified spelling is to bc taken up seriously, it must he with the - knoiv- ' ledge and consent of . the aVIioIo English speaking Avorld. For one State of Australia or America lo adopt a scheme of reform without consulting other States arid other provinces of the Empire Avould only handi cap the citizens of that one locality. Jt is also more in conformity Avith British tradi- tions that the reform .should .be effected gradually, and not .by tlie imposition of a detailed and cut and dry code. But the time is ripe for educationalists to meet, and at any rate open the discussion with minds untrammelled by tradition and use less sentiment. 