\ LADIES' COLUMN. 1 (By Pansy.) A fashion authority speaking of coming vogues i'or cummer frocks reflected from Paris, Bays:—"A regiment of stately mannequins displayed tlio now. fashioutt recently before buyers representing the noted dressmaking firms of. Europe. Sonio tailor-made coats wero cut away in tho front, and iiad tails Iilco those of a man's dross coat. . Tlio summer frocks attracted .much interest. AVhero tjwr 'material, is 0110 of definite whado without . pattern tho cuffs, revors, and collars aro of a dilforont color, and aro exquisitely decorated-with floral and othor designs. Severn!( of the color combinations woro startling. ■ Tassols dangling from tho ivaists of some of tho models wero occasionally so long that tho wearers carried tliem hmig over thflir arms. Evening dresses, which will bo worn long, woro all' in brilliant colors, but tlio dark models had a luxurious .decoration of gold and silver floral designs, Tho coiffures ahowod a. distinct, departure^ a. revival of tho Queen Victoria sido curls boing apparently tho fashion decreed by Paris hair-dressing. Tho effect, combined with tho ultra. modern stylo of dress, was quaint." * ' All tho spare tinio nb MJJ<\ Gerico'tf disposal has boon taken up by social engagements, for in tho comparatively short tiino alio has boon in Melbourne che has hy| hevf charming and unaffected simplicity made friends everywhore. ' On Monday afternoon sho was the guest of honor nfc the Austral Salon, and 011 lier arrival was presented by Mrs. Quimioll, tlio popular hon. secretary, with a bouquet of wattle blossom and violets tied with the salon colore. Tlio -arrangement- with tender gum leaves was particularly artistic, and Mile. Geneo immediately expressed .her pleasure and appreciation. Sho wore a. long black satin coat nnd a black hat, with sweeping greon feathers that suited her fairness perfectly. A set of beautiful ermino furs completed her eostumo. The Ralon for tho occasion wn9 prettily decorated with wattle blossom and heath, and among thorn the Danish flag, in compliment t<> Mlfe., had a prominent jplaco. An excellent programme of musio.. song and-story was given, and i Mile. Genee was an interested listener to the end. At an interval tea and dainty refreshments woro served nnd many visitors presented to the fair danseuse, who added their praise to so many others who hnve boon captivated and charmed by thfor world-famed <hncev. Owing to tho early spring "Wattle Day has been fixed for Monday, t;ho ISfb August, nnd at an executive mooting hold at the Town flail mi Wednesday, at which tho Lady Mayoress presided, it was announced that arrangements had been made /or the carriage of wattlo free of charge from country districts, and all | milk trains on (lie Sunday previous are I aviulahV for the transport. If addressed I to the Town Hal), Melbourne, 0/0 of the 1 Lady Mayoress, carriers will collect and deliver,, and it .is particularly desired that . country sympathisers should cooperate, for on them largely depends an adequate supply. The proceeds from its fialo aro to be devoted to those charitable institutions that mako the caro of children then* espocial object, eo there is no doubt, the appeal will be a popular one. • Miss Alice Mndignn, of Mooroopna. made a successful debut as a solo pianist at tho Melbourne. Athenieum on Monday evening, when a large audience was very interested in her first public appearance. For so young an artiste she showed wonderful mastery over the key-board, and though a little lacking iin temperament, which only comes with experience^ sho jiflro _<listinct promise of future success. Tier style., simple and unaffected, is a little Jackwp- in the finish demanded of n public artiste, but all -in.her favor is that sho lias nothing to unlearn. Sho looked graceful in a girlish white soft silk gown that became hep well, and for several items sho had to respond to encores, •find at the conclusion was presented with ; many floral tributes from admiring friends. Among the audience were several well known people from the Oonlbnrn Vnlfey district, and thes** included Mr. TT. M'Kenzie, ■ Minister for Lands. Mr. J. Thomson,'Minister for'Immigration, was fdso an interested listener. 