CABLE COHCERTBâTE?. \- It is estimated that the recent stri kes of mhiers in South Wales to com pel non-unionists to join the unions has cost the unionists £110/100 in wages. The Miners' Federation of Great Britain is now startijg a gene ral movement against uon-uaitmLsm. - Dr. Wherry, a medical practitioner, was fined £50 in London on Friday for having prevented the service of a writ on his suffragist daughter in con nection with the damage done in the Boyal Botanic Gardens at Kew by mi litants. Mr. Underwood's Tariff Bill uss now passed through the United States House of Representatives l y ssl vo tes against 131. The Republicans, how ever are planning a stiff fight in the Stnate, where the Democratic majority on the Bill will not exceed fpuc. The Ambassadors' Conference has remitted the Austro-Italian Albanian scheme of pacification to the consider ation of the Powers. The scheme pro vides for a national gendarmerie offi - «red by men from the annies of the minor Powers. Austria and Italy will provide a loan for the new realm. "Jack" Johnson, the colored cham - pion pugilist, is being brought to trial in Chicago for a violation of the "Mann" law. The charge is that Johnson used his fists against a white woman with whom he associa - ted, and who has in consequence been taken to a hospital. The Peace Congress in New York on Friday discussed plans for erecting a memorial bridge across Niagara, and plarine archways across the interna - tiona! highways between the United States and Canada, in celebration of the century of peace between England and America. Three thousand mechanics employed by the Pacific Gas and Electric Com pany have struck. Strikebreakers are employed, but the strikers ? threaten to cripple every industry in Lower Cali- , forma. Sir Edward Carson, K.C., leader of the Ulster Unionists, has decided to relinquish his legal work for three months, in order to organise resistance to Home Eule in Ireland. ! The Senate and Representatives of the Chinese Parliament are unable to agree on the question of the Five-Po - wers syndicate loan to the Republic. In the Lower House, which warmly condemned the - loan, the Opposition Party on Friday caused such a tumult that the Government supporters with drew, i The Bight Bev. Irish-Anglican Bi - j shop, Dr. Neligan, in a letter to the j "Times," on home defence, urges the adoption of a national scheme, com - pelling every school in the United Kingdom to provide a cadet .corps. The bishop eulogises the New Zealand cadet» system, which has paved the way to universal service. j The Chancellor of the Exchequer (Mr. Lloyd George), in reply to ? a question as to what progress his land committee inquiry had made, said the ' agricultural laborers' condition was deplorable. The wages and housing were scandalous. He had a plan which" he would outline later, whereby the ?'. serious stream of migration might be diverted, and the surplus population of the towns be placed on the land. Mr. Bryan, the United States Secre tary of State, is now trying to bring about a referendum of the people of California on the Anti-Alien Land Bill passed by the Legislature recent , ly. His object is to allow time for the United States to negotiate a new tre aty with Japan, covering the points in dispute. Mr. Johnson, Governor ot the State of California, will, rt is ex pected, withhold his signature to the Bill until the attitude of the United States Government is fully known. In connection with the Californian anti-alien land legislation, specially directed at Japanese," the Japanese Foreign Office favors the negotiation of a treaty covering all disputes with the United States. The United States Government has received- notice of China's intention to protest against California's anti-alien Land Act. The Pekin correspondent of the Lon don "Daily Telegraph" reports . a new complication in the foreign loan ques ¡ tion. Austria has demanded a share iii the Five Powers loan to the. ex - tent of £3,500,000. This has surprised the quintuple syndicate, whose invea tigations show that the Austrian group, consists of the Krupp and Skoda works, which are allied to se cure a monopoly of the Chinese arms , and steel market. I The Government of the Chinese Re public has requested Great Britain to revise her opium treaty with China so as to provide for the total prohibí - tion of opium export from India to China. In the House of Commons on Fri - day the Under-secretary for India an j nounced that India was not this year selling an ounce of opium to China. She was prepared to relinquish a re I venue of £l 1,000,000 per annum by. : revising the Chinese treaty of 1911. : provided that China herself steadfast ly suppressed opium growing. In the South African Assembly the Opposition are hotly disputing the paásage of the Immigration :Bestric tion Bul, especiaUy in its relation io British subjects from India. Mr. J. Saner, Minister for Native Affairs, du ring the debate stated' that owing to the high rate of mortality among na ; tive laborers from tropical Africa, j when brought to work on the Band ? mines, the introduction of such na - tives would be no longer permitted. Though the Government has-prohibi , ted ¿he publication of the "Suffira - ' gette" and bound over in £1,500 Mr. ¡Drew, its London printer, not to fur ther issue the sheet, it is still appear ! ing. The National. Labor Press at Manchester is printing it. The .rejection by the House of Com mons of the Female Representation Bill has induced the Women's Liberal Federation to express consternation at the defeat. It appears that 75 Liberals voted against the Bill, which, was re jected by a majority of only 47 votes. A bogus lottery promoter-"named Schaefer was convicted in Berlin on Friday of fraud and .sentenced to im prisonment for two years. Schaefer's system was to avail himself of ' popu - lar feeling- to secure subscribers to lot teries professedly .intended to en courage and develop aeronautics. He had acquired a fortune by his sys - tem, the major principle of which was that aU the principal prizes were se cured to himself through lottery sub scribers who had a purely fictitious existence. The Danish Arctic explorers Bass - müssen' and Frenchen, who have retur ned from a trip into Greenland ex - tending over Bve and a half months, report that they have discovered a country between Greenland and Peary's Land, and found " that the channel which Admiral Peary, the American discoverer .of the North Pole, believed to exist is non-existent. In place of this channel the .Danish explorers . lound au upland ice-floe on which they met with an abundance of Arctic tarne it is understood that the Powers and Turkey have assented to a draft peace treaty, tout the allies have nót yet replied. Essad Pasha has telegra phed to Ismail Kemal denying the ru mor that he had proclaimed himself Kim or had negotiated with King Nicholas regarding the throne. Famine alone had compelled him to surrender. The French Chamber of Deputies by a majority of seven has adopted a ?motion for the suppression of gamb - ling. .The Government desired to im pose á progressive tax upon gambling profits, and in consequence it opposed the motion. In the Canadian House of Commons on Saturday the motion for the third reading of the Naval Bill was carried .by a majority of 33 amidst scenes of disorder: At Lerat (France) on Sunday the poliee removed to a hospital an aged woman who was in a dying condition. Owing to grief over the death of her sister she shut herself in a flat . and lived in darkness for seven years. The circumstances recall the story of Miss Havisham in "Great Expectations." Professor Behring, a German doc - j tor, claims to have obtained a new j diphtheria serum which will produce j immediate immunity in the case of an epidemic ànd prolonged immunity af terwards.- The -serum will also, he as serts, render germ-carriers harmless, j The United States Government re - ' port upon Dr. Friedmann's alleged cure for consumption is unfavorable to ; the doctor's claim. It criticises adver sely the wide publicity given-to the j "cure" on tahalf of the. discoverer be fore-the merits-of the" discovery were definitely, established, and it declares that-, before a final verdict upon the !"taire" is possible further observations, will be necessary. .. The employees of the Royal dock - . ! yards are dissatisfied with the conces sions recently offered them by the Ad ' miralty. j At Wiesbaden on Saturday a motor car carrying the Kaiser, in avoiding a cyclist, struck a boy and killed him. 1 The National Union of Women's Suf frage Societies is arranging' for apil : grimage of 17 processions from all \- parts of the country to London. The processionists will carry out propagan da work on the way, ami will attend a ' service in St. Paul's Cathedral on July 27. ; Some time ago Herr Trowel, Ma . vor of Usedom, a Prussian town at . the mouth of the Oder River, disap 1 peared while suffering from epileptic oblivion, to which he was subject. He ^wandered abroad and enlisted in the French Foreign Legion in Algiers. La tely he recovered consciousness, and upon realising the situation he was in he appealed to his family to secure his release. The men engaged in the shipyards ( on the Clyde and m the north-east of England refuse to work overtime in consequen re of their being dissatisfied with the existing rates of wages. It is feared that a strike involving 100, O00 men will be declared. Japan's formal protest against the Californian Bill prohibiting aliens from holding land in the State was on Saturday^ considered by the United States Cabinet, and as a result the Secretary of State (Mr. W. J. Bryan) telegraphed to the Governor of Cali fornia urging him to return the Bill tc tbs Legislature for re-consideration. At Saturday's aiiling of the an: congress of American Physicians and Surgeons a medical authority «tated j that life .could be sustained in the tis sues of animal organisms for four years after the death of the animals from which the tissues had been tak en. One physician declared it was pro bable that "ultimately it -would be , proved that life could be sustained in tissues for'as long as the animals wo uld have lived normally. The perpetrators oí the recent bomb outrage that resulted in the death -of two French officers at Hanoi, the ca pital of French Tonqrain, have been taken in custody to Paris for trial. They accuse, the Pretender to the throne of Annaui of. having bribed them to throw the bombs. 