STflTion NOTES. On Boxing Day tbe steamer Palma, with 1,700 emigrants on Iward, left for Sydney, and tho steamer Ajana carrying 500 emi- grants, left for Fremantle. Included among the emigrants on the Ajana were 200 chil- dren. ' The official forecast of tho Argentine har- vest shows the following figures:-5,400,000 tons of wheat and 1,682,000 tons of oats. Mr. Boss, Australian Trade Commis- sioner, states that owing tb the increase in the trade from Australia to Canada more cold storage space is required on the Paci- fic steamers. By the s.s. Australind on Dec 5 (writes a London correspondent) a party of nominat- ed and assisted emigrants, numbering in all 515 souls, left Tilbury'Dock for Western Australia. Of this number 125 were assisted emigrants and 390 were nominated. In- cluded in the party was the first batch of boys sent out under the auspices of thc Child Emigration Society, formed by Rhodes scholars at Oxford. The children's ageB range from nine to fourteen, and they were placed on the boat under the. charge of a matron, after having been inspected by thc Agent-General, Sir Newton Moore., The Agricultural Department ia Mel- bourne has complied with the wishes of merchants in that city and appointed in- spectors at the weighbridge to examine po- tatoes brought in with. a .view, to grading for sizes and 60 forth. Accordingly the pro- duce which was passed was certificated either os "grade" or "under grade," the latter definition being applied to very small potatoes such as have been offering somewhat freely of late. lu ? the caso of tubers passed as "grade" and intended for export, the usual examination under the Vegetation Diseases Act will, cl course, still have to bc made prior to shipment. During the year 14,116 assisted immigrants have been secured by Victoria, while, the excess of arrivals over departures is esti- mated at about 22,200. The total amount of capital set down as having been brought by assisted immigrants is £143,553, the capi- tal introduced by immigrante unassisted be- ing estimated at £50,000. ing estimated at £50,000. Commenting upon the results of the year's work the Minister in charge of immigration (Mr. Hagelthorn) stated that unfortunately grounds for complaint about the inexperi- enced men who had come forward as farm workers were too frequent, and it was seen that a considerable proportion of them had no previous knowledee of farm operations. The few Danish and Scandinavian farm labour- ers whom the Stat* had succeeded in obtain- ing stood out in striking contrast to those secured from Great Britein, and his efforts would be specially directed during 1913 to securing a good sprinkling of Danes and Scandinavians. 