International News Letter. Ittued by the IXTERflATlOflAL 8ECBETAM1AT of National Trade Union Centres. (Affiliated membership over 7 million.) \- ? . . Brief Labour Notes from All Countries. BERLIN, April 18, 1913. Great Britain. The Steel Smelters' Organisation, on* of the most powerful trade unions in the land, has decided to enter upon a most energetic campaign for an eight-hour work ins day. The Barbers' Organisation issues 'Special shop cards for ' union shops/' thus enabling trade unionists to avoid ail 'unfair' shops. The barbers are agita ' unfair 'shops. At a conference of the Miners' Federa tion, it was agreed to give every possible assistance to the Belgian miners in the general strike. The national as well as the international organisation of the transport workers will also be advised to prevent, as far as possible, the shipping of coal from Great Britain to Belgium during the strike. The Workers' Union of Labour, which organises chiefly unskilled workers, now ? numbers 49,972 members, showing an in crease on the preceding year of 5603. A conference of the National Amalga mated Union of Enginemen, Firemen, ' Mechanics, and Electrical Workers was ' held at Manchester, mainly to consider the ? proposed amalgamation with the Amalga mated Union of Engine-drivers, Crane drivers, and Hydraulic and Boiler Atten dants. The draft of a bill proposing the establishment of a Ministry of Labour. The bill is designed to make provision for the prevention and treatment of unemploy ment. United Statei. President Gompers of the American Federation of Labour, in a most interesting communication, deals with the bill for the establishment of a Department of Labour with a secretary at its head as a member of the President's cabinet. Referring to the discussion now going on in many countries as to the value of cer tain methods in the trade union movement, a wett-kuown European Labour man sent us the following note in regard to the' present position in the United States of America: 'Disrupters in the American Labour Movement, who fight the American Federation of Labour saying it is a re actionary body of pure and simple craft unions, try to make believe that their new set of organisations is essential for the cur pose of replacing the smaller craft unions by large andpowerful industrial unions.' Max S. Hayes, a prominent American Socialist and trade unionist, in reviewing the last convention of the A.F.O.L. in the ' New Review,' has this to say in regard to the A.F.O.L.'s attitude towards closer affiliation: . . . ' But at no time has the ' A.F.O.L. prohibited international unions in a given industry from combining their forces. Indeed, the Federation has upon numerous occasions encouraged kindred organisations to unite, and has even gone to the extreme of expelling in ternational unions for refusing to merge into larger unions. Thus the engineers in __. the mines were unseated because they de clined to merge into the United Mine Workers, the car workers were expelled last year for refusing to join the larger body in that trade. 'r Similar oiler examples are given. It may be a matter for dispute whether the development towards closer organi sation ought to be quicker within the A.F.O.L. — this applied to many other countries as well — and whether the officers should give better encouragement to such development. One thing is certain, how ever, the A.F.O.L. as «uch is not opposed to a more scientific and modern form of organisation. It is helping to achieve this mult. By the way, the European unions do not recognise any other card than those issued by the A.F.O.L. unions, because at home and abroad they refuse to recognise the principle of disorganisation, of rival unions, of disharmony in the ranks of Labour. No serious trade unionist, 4ndeed, should be found outside the ranks of the A.F.O.L., if he does not want to be con sidered an ally of the employing class, which has for ever been trying to disrupt the American Federation of Labour. At the Board of Arbitration engaged in settling the differences between the firemen and 54 Eastern railway companies, the Firemen's Union presented statistics bIiow ing that the actual bodily exertion ex pended in the work of the fireman, conse quent upon the increase in the dimensions and power of locomotives, has risen by 45.75 per cent in the last few years. Dur ing that period the rise in profits of a cer tain company and of the wages of the fire men is expressed by the figures 8 and 1. The firemen demand a ten-hour day instead of being under the neoesity of working on an average of 15 hours, as heretofore. Capital punishment has been abolished m the State of Washington. The Kansas State has done away with the militia system. Canada. At a secret conference of the organisa tion of the master builders it was decided , to henceforth refuse every new demand for higher wages throughout the land, and, if necessary, to request the Government to import skilled European workmen in great numbers. The Canadian Labour press protests bit terly against the very unjust way in which the well-known Lemieux Act relating to industrial disputes is applied. Sveral trade union officers and workers have again re ceived heavy sentences because of a strike, while a further 329 of those implicated are being prosecuted now for having partici pated in a strike. South Africa. The Senate appointed a committee to consider the advisability5 of encouraging the establishment of a diamond-cutting in dustry within the Union. - The House of Assembly adjourned for further debate a motion which reads as fol lows : ' 'That in the opinion of this House the Government should take into consideration the desirability of appointing a Commission 'to inquire in what direction and spheres of labour and by what means the field of em ployment for Europeans could be extended throughout the Union. ' A motion calling for the establishment of wages boards was recently introduced in the House. The second reading of a new bill was moved in the House of Assembly, the main feature of which provided that contract immigrants may henceforth land in the Union, if their contract is in writ ing and made by or on behalf of a resident of the Union and its terms are approved 1)y the Minister. France. According to the annual report of the Building Workers' Federation the average working day (Paris is not included) for the workers in the building trades is in 23 dis tricts 12 hours, in 9 districts 11| hours, in 37 places 11 hours, in 9 places 10J hours, in 73 places 10 hours, in two different places 9£ and 9 hours respectively. Jouhaux, the Secretary of the National Trade Union Centre, wjus sent to prison for 10 days because a similar number of posters were found somewhere which did not bear the poster-stamps prescribed by the law. Two editors of the syndicalist daily paper were^ condemned to ten years' im prisonment and fined 6000 francs each for publishing two articles against militarism and the projected visit of the King of Spain to Paris. In the action ot the Winegrowers Trade Union against a certain wme-bottler tho Court gave the very important judgment that any trade union may take legal action against those who damage the interests of the members of same. A conference of the Executive of the Building Workers' Federation was held in Paris for the purpose of discussing the problems which confront the organisation m the frontier districts and also among the migratory or foreign workers. The secretaries of the Italian and Belgian sister unions were 'present. A JQint congress of the French and Belgian' unions around the French-Belgian border will be held as soon as possible, in order to bring about an understanding as to what steps shall be taken in these districts. It has been arranged with the Italian union that the local officers of the French federation shall record the home addresses of the Italians working in France, so that in the case of one of them turning blackleg, pressure can be brought to bear on him through trade unionists in his own country whenever complaints are received there. Holland. The International Secretariat of the National Trade Union Centres (Berlin) has issued an appeal for the support of the cigar workers locked out in Holland. There are 3200 cigar makers belonging to the modern union, and, consequently, to the national centre, engaged in this dispute, i.e., 70 per cent of all cigar makers organ ised in that union, apart irom 400 members of the 'Christian' union, 450 members of the 'Catholic' union, and about 500 members of the anarchist union. These men have been out- since February. '^ Belgium. Twelve hundred men were locked out at a certain zinc works in Hollogne in answer to the demand, on the part oFthe workers, for a regulation of working hours. At the end of 1912 the number or members in the Miners' Federation was 40,885. The execu tive, in their annual report, complains bit terly of the lack of centralisation within the federation. The Government are making plans for providing all post offices in^the-land with libraries, which will be free to all. Germany. The Stone Workers' Union numbered 28,875 members on January 1 of this year, of which 218 were females. The workers' organisations made great strides forward in the year 1912, but equal progress is re ported T-y the employers' combinauioBBriir 'tfae -last— year-no -fewer than 132,485 j&m;* ployers were organised in their various associations that nave been established for the special purpose of resisting and fighting the workers' union*. TJbe organised em ployers control 4,378,275 work peopled \- The city of Hamburg is distributing yearly £1075 for the feeding of hungry school children. When the Transport Workers' Union was founded in Berlin in 1897 it had 452 members. This union, which to-day is a local branch of the National Union of Transport Workers, has now 50,942 mem bers in Berlin and suburbs. This national union numbers more than 250,000 members. Denmark. The dispute in the Danish painters' trade has now led to a number of serious conflicts. The workers strongly oppose the employers' efforts who are trying to reduce the scale of wages. The Danish Employers' Centre has, during the last few days, an nounced a general lock-out so far as the building trades are concerned, in which about 25,000 workers, apart from the Sainters, would find themselves involved, [early the whole of the Danish press de nounces the action of the employers. Nego tiations for settlement have been again opened. Norway The syndicalist trade union group in Trondjem continue to disrupt the trade union movement. They have lately pub lished a draft of rules for a separate syndi calist organisation which shall have its centre in Trondjem. In respect to the dispute in the Nor wegian printing industry, we are informed that the Government announced that they would not stand by and do nothing during a, strike for the reduction of working hours in the printing trades, but would rather make the eight-hour day compulsory for the whole trade through the law. Since the decision of the Government became known, negotiations have been opened anew, and the employers have been obliged to abandon their former principles opposing any reduction of hours. These negotiations are still proceeding. Norway. The Norwegian Liberal Government has introduced a bill in Parliament, according to which certain labour disputes shall be settled by compulsory arbitration. The Government has now made known the con tents of the projected bill as touching com pulsory* arbitration. Sweden. ? At the beginning of the year 1911 there were agreements between 8700 employers and 251,625 workers in existence, whereas at the end of the same year there were only 1476 agreements between 8300 em ployers and 229,792 work people. Alto gether 166 agreements, involving 23,916 workmen, have expired and have not been renewed. The greatest development of collective bargaining was experienced in the machine and shipbuilding trades, in which 98 per ^jent of all workers engaged are covered by the agreements entered into. The typo graphical trade follows with 92 per cent of all members of that trade working under conditions laid down in collective agree ments. The periods for which these labour con tracts or tariffs have been entered into are as follows: 21 contracts hold good for one year, 28 for one to two years, 23 from two to three years, 9 from three to four years, and 132 for over four years. In th& case of 6 tariffs no definite period has been appointed. Russia. In Nikolajew (Southern Russia) 5000 shipyard workers laid down their tools, upon their demand for the dismissal of one of the factory policemen who had mis handled a workman without any provoca tion, being refused. The strike ended a week later in complete success for the men. The Russian employers are taking a lively interest in the pernicious exploiting system which hails from America under the name of the ' Taylor system,' which sys tem, by controlling every moment of the workers' time and also bis every movement, reduces him to a mere part of the machine. Unfortunately, the workers who are to be blessed with this invention are too badly organised to successfully fight its introduc tion in Russia. Unemployment in the textile trades in Moscow is affecting a continually growing area. At a meeting of the cotton manu facturers in the Moscow district it was de cided, having regard to the enormous sur plus stock on hand, further production should be limited. The putting off of hands has already begun in many factories. Alto gether 50,000 workers are threatened with unemployment here. About 8000 are already idle. An organisation exists in the trade, it is true, but it is not supported by the workers. It numbers a few dozen mem bers only, and cannot even pay its way, so low is the standard of culture. The manu facturers have, on the other hand, a strong and influential organisation. Bulgaria. The Labour paper, which is owned by the Socialist party and by the Federation of Trade Unions, nad collapsed during the war. It has, however, revived again, and we are glad to see that the efforts made 4-y the Bulgarian workers, at such untold sacrifice to themselves, have been crowned with success and that they have been able to publish their own paper again. It is a neatly printed paper, issued three times a ' week, ^although-rtfi-size had to 4?e reduced 'I io two. oages. All hail to the paper, which is bound to be extremely valuable' now that the work of reconstructing the Bulgarian - ?; labour movement has begun. flkisT Austria. ^» The Austrian Carpenters' Union decided My to take a levy in the shape of four weekly ? subscriptions, in order that they might be m better prepared for the coming wages move- m ment. During an inquiry into the conditions prevailing in the haberdashery industry, which is largely carried on by home work, it was stated that in Vienna there are 1000 to 1200 persons employed in the work of making fringe buttons. They earn about one krone (lud.) for a day's work of 12 to 16 hours. One employer asserted that in his town six and seven year old children are engaged in this work at home in their dinner time and after school, sometimes the whole afternoon as well, till 7 or 8 o'clock in the evening, for 30 heller (3d.) a day. Switzerland. The shoemakers in Berne have given notice of the termination of their agree ments in order, among other things, to ob tain an advance in their minimum wage scale from 48 to 55 centimes (from 5d. to 5£d.). The masters will not go above 50 cts., so that a fight is possible. At tho end of the year 1912 the Union of Workers engaged in the provision trades numbered 7815 members, of which 734 were bakers, 646 brewery workers, 318 gar deners, 907 co-operative society employees, 528 butchers, 494 chocolate workers, 905 tobacco workers, etc. I The Swiss federation of Co-operative f Societies has now 4044 employees in the 1 affiliated societies, with an average wage 1 of 1900 francs (£71) per year. The total turnover in the year 1911 was 32 million francs., in 1912 37 million, against 43,000 francs in the year 1892 ! Spain. There seems to be still a number of ap parently insurmountable difficulties in the I way of establishing a National Union of 'g wokers engaged in tho typographical I trades, one of the most important draw baeks being the influence of loeal patriotism and some queer feeling that exists between the separate provinces, and which has, if anything, been accentuated by the increase of unemployment since the war. AH these obstacles threaten to frustrate the plans of the most ardent Madrid unionists, who are at the present moment eagerly striving for a national union. Many of the existing local typographical ? ? unions have their own journal, some of which are published monthly, while others * are issued once a quarter. There are two such trade papers issued by the typo graphical unions of Madrid, one in Barce lona, one in Sarragossa, one in Seville, one in Valencia, etc. rJo interchange of cards or other mutual agreement exists between the individual unions. It is interesting to note that a master printer of Madrid has published a, pamphlet on the question. He strongly advocates the establishment of national unions of the men as well as of the employers in the ; printing trade, for he maintains that there I can be no hope of improvement in the sad -' conditions of the trade until both sides have j strong independent organisations. j In order to check the increase of unem gloyment in their branch of industry, the Barcelona printers have resolved, by 348 votes to 232, to inaugurate a movement for the reduction of working hours from nine to eight hours per day. Brazil. Brazilian agents in many European \ \ towns are makiug feverish attempts to enlist workers for their country. It must, however, be -remembered that the climate is murderous, and the medieval laws are dangerous in the extreme out there. A new railway, 350 kilometers long, has re cently been completed, in the construction of which 16,000 workers have died of malaria, yellow fever, etc., not counting those who left their work to die elsewhere. The first 300 workers taken on for this rail way were Germans, not one of them has survived, so that the German Government have moved against the further enlisting of workers for that country. Chili. The first annual report of the Chili Socialist party, however brief, brings good tidings, for it proves that the modern j Labour movement has at last found a firm footing in that country. The party was organised ia June, 1912, when 22 branches ; of the old democratic party broke away from that party to establish a Socialist party. For the time being, however, the movement is confined tp the port Iquique and a few other towns, but there is every - probability of the same spreading rapidly ? now over the whole country. % Early in 1912 there were only trade * unions of lightermen and bakers in exis- A tence, apart from a co-operative society of M the typographical tijpdes. The party W founded its own paper a year ago. This m paper, printed in Spanish, started as a ?m bi-weekly, but is issued three times weekly m. now, and hopes are entertained of its be- ,m coming a 'daily,' the circulation having M increased from 1200 to 3500 copies, within 1 a comparatively short space of time. M A number of trade unions have been * ? established or are being established so that M there is every hope that such bloody scenes S as were witnessed in the year 1907 during K the great strike, will be prevented in future m. and the sweated and oppressed workers ot mi this rich land' will obtain better conditions ,*; by means of a strong organisation, j|hHl- % , in. KflSfls^B^B^RffiflY 