CABLE CONCEKTRATES. The Russian police have, it is belie ved, solved the mystery of the murder of Prince Ladislaus Lubeck!, who was lately found murdered in the grounds of his palace. Baron Bisping, a weal thy landowner in Lithuania, has been arrested on a charge of assassinating the Prince. In the South African Assembly on Friday, the Minister for Lands and the Interior moved the second reading of an Immigration Restriction Bill. He remarked that the power of exclu sion given by the Bill followed the Canadian lines, as these had been found less objectionable than tEosé of the Australian measure. The Kaiser's eldest son (Crown Prince of Prussia) has written a pre face for a book entitled -"Germany in Arms." In this preface the Prince utters a grave warning against the growing love of luxury and wealth. After eulogising the work, as applied to the assuring of the instant readi - ness of army and navy, he declares : "AU history teaches that States which are ruled in decisive hours by commer cial interests alone have perished mis erably." At Hampton, Carolina, a negro who had assaulted a white woman barrica ded himself in a hut in the woods and shot dead three deputy sheriffs who tried to arrest him. He ultimately es caped, and a mob is searching the woods with bloodhounds for the pur pose of Inching him. The seat of Sir Stuart Samuel, Bart (Liberal), M.P. for Whitechapel, having been declared vacant, on ac count of the banking firm in which he is a partner (Samuel, Montagu and Co.) having purchased silver for the Indian Government, a by-election to0k place on Friday. Sir Stuart was re elected by a small majority. The initial crisis in the first Parlia - ment of the Chinese Republic, arising in connection with the election of the Speaker, is over. The Govern - nient's candidate for the Speaker's chair was opposed by the three other parties in tjie House, which, when uni ted Oft any question, have a majority. The Government has, however, pre - veiled, and its candidate, Tanghau Laun, has been elected by 27? votes to 24B. Serious floods have occurred in the Mississippi Valley, in the Tidalia dis trict of Lousiania, opposite Natchez, where the levee on the river bank has given way. Several hundreds of peo - pie have been flooded out of their homes, but the loss of life reported is small. The river js rapidly rising, and precautions have bpen taken to give adequate warning to farmers far back from the river who may be flood ed out. 1 -Further revolutionary troubles are reported from Portugal. The sedition. so sedulously cultivated1 in the army has been apparently preached success fully in the navy. A message from Juneau states that the Governor of Alaska has vetoed a Bill prohibiting the employment of Ja panese fishermen with a view to driv ing them out of the fishing industry. The London "Daily Mirror" reports that when the raid on the Women's Political Union Society offices was made, the police secured the plans of the militant suffragettes for a scheme' of firing every large timber yard in London, and simultaneously cutting all telephone and fire alarm lines in the: vicinity. The newest development in aviation is that the "Women's Aerial League" has issued an appeal to the-women of Great Britain for funds, wherewith to encourage the rapid development of air fleets and aeroplanes for the de - fence of the country. A successful trial was made by France on Saturday of the Maurice Jeanson 3i-ton hydro-aeroplane, de - signed to attack dirigibles and war - ships at a speed of 62 miles an hour. It carried two passengers and was capable of carrying io. " - In the House of Commons on Fri - day the Bill to abolish plural voting passed its second reading. An amend - ment for the shelving of the measure, moved by Mr. F. Smith, was rejected by 314 votes ÍQ 217. It has transpired that the English Suffragette Associations have made overtures to several well-known avi ators at the Hendon aeroplane depot.. What they wanted was the conveyance of Mrs, Pankhurst, now released on . licence from her three years' sentence, but liable to re-incarceration at any moment, to the Continent on an aero plane. The police have been informed of this project. Speaking at the Peace Congress at St. Louis, Mr. Fairbanks- declared that the United States was morally bound to admit the ships of other nations tp the use of the Panama Canal on the same terms as she granted to her own ships. When the Uay-Pauncefote treaty was before thc Senate the question of the rigb£ of the United tí ta tes to dis criminate against other nations was fully considered, and it was decided in the negative.. The committee of experts appointed in England to investigate the relative merits of the Marconi system of wire less telegraphy and the amendments made thereon by the Danish inventor, Poulsen, has sent in its report. This states that the Poulsen system is prac ticable for short distances. The Mar coni at present is the only system of which it can be said with any certain ty that it is capable of fulfilling the requirements of the Imperial chain -of wireless posts. Official recognition of the Chinese Republic has been given by the Pre sident of the United States. The Premier of China has issued a reply to the accusations made at Shanghai against President Vuan Shih-Kai of having arranged the mur der of General Sung. The Premier's reply states that the instigator of this charge was at the moment when the murder was committed collecting evi dence against General Sung in con - nection with a charge of forging bank notes for circulation in Japan. The Earl of Plymouth has purchased the Crystal Palace, Sydenham, built in 1852, chiefly from the materials of the first International Exhibition iu 1851\. It is the intention of the Earl lo transfer the palace to the public, at the same price as that he has paid for it. The Countess of Cottenham (nee Lady Rose ? Nevill) was found on Sat urday lying in a wood in Oxfordshire, shot dead. The Countess was au ex pert rifle shot, and it is supposed that while shooting she slipped and fell, her rifle accidentally discharging itself. The medical authorities of the cuy oí Montreal, who have been conduct - ing a series of tests with Dr. Fried - mann's turtle baccilus for the cure of consumption, report that his cure is no bettor than any other of the estab lished curative methods. Dr. Fried - mann is conducting a lively contro - versy in defence of his system wiih the Royal Edward Institute experts. The trial was commenced in Ger - many on Saturday of Madame Blume, a young handsome woman, who at Po sen last Septemljer killed her husband, Dr. Blume, a distinguished educationist Madame Blume has confessed ' that she shot her husband, after failing to in duce him to abandon divorce proceed ings when he had obtained a written confession of her infidelity from her lover. In pursuance of the principle of "Home Rule all round," a Bill has been introduced in the House of Com mons by prominent Scottish Liberals to establish a Scottish Parliament. : The BiU provides for a single chain - ber of 140 members, representing all | the existing constituencies, except the Universities. The Imperial Parliamen tary representation remains as now until England and Wales are dévolu - tioned also. Similar powers to those of the Irish Bill are proposed, but ex cluding control of the Post Office and the Customs. In the United States House of Re presentatives the wool duties schedule passed quietly. The Republicans pre - sented a blanket amf-ndment, provid - ing a duty of IS cents per pound on raw wool. The comparative rates are based on an 18 cents .duty on the ' woollen contents of manufactured woollens. The Republicans asserted that their amendment agreed with the recommendations of the Tariff Board. Tho Democrats denied this. The expected defection of representa - tives of the wool-growing States fail ed to materialise, and thc amendment was rejected by 193 to 74. 