MATE RARLS&SSENT; THE :BODG^ DEBATE, COUNTRY PARTY' TAKES A HAND. MR. RANKIN STRIKES '• TROUBLE., LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY, -j ' In. the Legislative ^Assembly yester day, the Budget debate was continued,: the leader* of ,the Country parfy;;(Mr.; Rankin) taking up the thread of th'e: argument where it • was dropped • last;' Thursday night. Mr. Rankin was, as usual, in a fighting mood, and he soon got -into holts With both leader' and-, -the* deputy-leader of the -Opposition.': Ho was accused by tjie .latter of deir liberately misquoting their .speeches," but his loud voice bore down all in terruptions, and,-'without'touching . on' finance, or even keeping reasonably' close to the subject under discussion," he hammered home to his .own satis faction, and the satisfaction of his per sonal following that "Labor-Social ism," as he dubbed it, "was tho root^l of all present-day evils," particularly where the interests of the "man on the | land" were concerned. QUESTIONS. In nnsw.fcr to Mr. Kirwan, the Minis ter for Railways said that the weigh bridges in use by,the department w.erd Supplied by. various . firms, principally 'Avery (Birmingham),. Pooley. (Liver pool),' Meares (Brisbane), and Fair-, banks (New York). -During recent; years machines 'had been bought from Messrs. Paul and Gray, ^Webster and Co., Smellie and Co,, and the'Mears, Scale Co. As a rule the machines gave; satisfaction, but some supplied recently had been adversely reported ' upon by the inspector 'of .weights arid:me'a*-. sures. - In reply to'Mr. Hunter, the Minister for Agriculture said that •'•cotton had been ginned at Ipswich to.obtain seed, which was being distributed free to in tending growers. It wa's the .intend tion of the department to - undertake to firid-a market for the cotton \vhen ginned, on owners' account, under^con-; ditions already published. • The der partment could not undertake simi lar offers for other industries, b.utj would always help lit the develop ment of new; industries, —. In'answer.to Mr, Adamson, ,the;Min-. ister for Railways said that , it was not the intention , of the Railway . De partment in- constructing workshops at Rockhampton, to arrange, for /a "drop-pit,? so as to facilitate Repairs to engines whoiie axle-boxes had run hot. Electric, cranes would be pro vided for the purpose. It would .not be well in the interests ot the men who have to make these repairs that such drop-pits should be-provided. In answer to Mr. Kirwan, the Minis-' ter for Railways .said that there was no prohibitive regulation against an; examining inspector putting his 'own Son, through .an examination, • and se curing his promotion. In a Too-, woomba case tl^O examination of a cer tain youth was submitted to another inspector "before he was accepted-as a qualified engine-driver. If an inquiry proved that there were about 30.fire men senior to the firemen referred to, he would issue, instructions to. pre vent a similar injustice in future.' THE BUDGET DEBATE, Mr. Rankin congratulated the Treas urer, on his Budget statement. ,T.o.his' (Mr. Rankin's) mind, the comparatively small surplus was particularly satis factory. •'No.iTreasurer had a right to. build up a- large surplus at the ex Dense of-the taxpayers, and^it had ap-: parently been-the desire-of the present' Government in handling finance to'con serve the interests.of'the electors. 'He-; could give the House in a'sentence what the financal policy; of the present Gov-v ernment was.-< • ' , . Labor members : • Here, hear .Tell us what It is. (Laughter), : •' Mr. Ryan : You 'are not in the Cab inet.'.".' ■/ ?-! Mr. Rankin.: No, one need riot.be in the Cabinet to know what the financial | policy of the. present; Governmentsis. Labor members : ^Vell,' tell us wliat It is. Mr.. Rankin*: - To.'live within their' income.' No doubt such -a policy would not appeal'for a .moinent*to the Labor party, judging by the .financial policies characterising Labor administrations, in other States. Mr. Kirwan :</Have you heard about the Commonwealth ? ' Mr, Rankin : The leader of the Op position when criticising' the Treasur er's financial Statement, .diad not been overi' careful with his facts. He had placed'the whole onus of-responsibility for the bungling In connection with' the sugar industry on the Denham.Gov ernrnent. .This was not true. The fault was. with the late Fisher Government Who had deliberately delayed the pass age of the necessary legislation to pro vide for the abolition of excise and bounty, in order to place the Denham administration in a false position. Mr.- Kirwan: Ah, no; that won't! dO. - , " : * ' "DELIBERATE. MISQUOTATION." Mr. Rankin: And then again the leader of the. Opposition in the course of his speech,' stated* that under the present State Government the' land under cultivation had been steadily go ing back year by-year. -Mr. .Coyne: Isn't'that true? • Mr. Rankin: ' No, -it is perfectly wrong; . ; ' . * Mr, Ryan: It is very evident that you | have not read my speech. Mr, Rankin: Yes, I have. , Mr. Ryan ; Well, you are misquoting ime. . . ,"* - . • • ". "Mr. Rankin: -No, here it is. In his speech, the leader of the / Opposition said.v"How is it that during last year there. 1ms been n falling off in the land, placed under cultivation ?" Mr. Ryan*. Go on. Read the next two lines. - Mr. Rankin : Do you want me to read the whole of your speech.. Mr. Kfrwah: Is that what* you told them at Cambooya ? * Mr. Rankin: I am not concerned with what was said at Cambooya. • Mr. Ranklp then went on to quote frorii Mr. Theodore's speech, and was subjected to a good deal of intcirup tion. On the question of railways, Mr. Rankin said- that Mr. Theodore had stated thoy could build.railways with out loan money. • Mr. Theodore Interjected : "You are deliberately m.isquotlng my speech," •and was called to order. Mr. Bowmon : Cambooya tqctics., (Laughter). Mr. Rankin, continuing, said that the establishment of a sinking fund was quite unnecessary. It would only in volve the electors in further taxation. Mr. Coyne : Then'you don't believe in a sinking fund ? Mr. Rankin : Yes. I do. If we were in the position of Western Australia, where they-are spending huge sums In non-productive works. I would be fav orably disposed to the establishment of a sinking-fund. I do not find fault with the Western .Australian ;• Government for establishing a sinking fund, but .1 maintain that we in Queensland, are on an altogether different footing. The deputy-leader of the Opposition stated that our borrowings in Australia pre judicially affected tho money markels of the world, and that the unseemly spectacles of State Treasurers' tuinbl irig over one another in their anxiety to float loans^.made tne price of money h'S: Therr^e" two ;'hM?.S .pihiliy: A portfolio! .-.oSjua ^iSnkin : No.. It will be aBjgS two things affecting theprice - are • (1) The nature of the securny one , has to offer; and (2) the scawn'ty, or-otherwise of money h^'laMe. . Air. -Flhe(ly: Wondqrful. vpraa or \- MrfRyan, continuing said State of Queensland could. fittingly spend a. good deal more on her mineral industry, and also on agriculture. Scunc 'of our, experts, could well ^e.sent to other countries to learn the 'dt^t.n^e thods. V. and- to introduce them,,, ,to Queensland. ' .■" bouquets 'for uncle.,. -Mr.'. Murphy |Sald tha^the^. Trea-, surer's statement conveyed the , im presslon that the progress andproa -nerlty of-Queensland "was due to* the confidence reposed in us hy ther:Bri . tish.money-lenders. J™/'fleno„S asked-to take second Place. ^ On,tnc liUcinda.the.othcr. day the Brltlsha»ur liatrientarlans were asked to remem ber us to dear old'uncle in the Mother land. (Laughter.) In fact, wherferer they had been in the Commonwealth, !our political visitors had been asked; by "Liberal" Premiers and Labor Pre miers'to put in a good' word with the British money-lender. The member for Burrum condemned the Labor j'Government in Now So"'b.: Wales for its-reckless expenditure and unrestrained borrowing. But in his \- (Mr. Murphy's) opinion this would not prevent- them from Winning the next State elections. The people In New South Wales wanted railways, ui\d wanted money spent in other direc tions, and as- long as tho Labor Gov ' eminent could get the moneyand spend it. they would he perfectly safe.. . It seemed to him that our. .politics, mot only in Queensland, but in every State of the Commonwealth, were run on the "eat, drink, and bo merry principle, for to-morrow ye die." It was not al together, tlife fault of the Governments, either, or of the politicians, The fault was with the electors themselves. Ho well remembered an election in which ■his 'opponents published a booklet against him. It;.was entitled, -What Murphy, has done for his electorate, and following the title page came a lot of blank pages. (Laughtoi.) It was. a somewhat dlsifctrous -pamphlet so far as. he was concerned, for hei lost 'that election. /(Laughter.) But Jt sliowed how tho electors viewed things. Someone stated that Queensland djd ml bivc enough. Well the.State owed aS much as she could, and wo wero trying our level best to make her owe a good deal more. And with It all no | provision was being made ror the lean , years that would assuredly follow. GOVERNMENT'S CONSPIRACY.; Mr.'-Fihelly, 'though ' congratulatlnj Queensland on .its prosperity for the. oast year, .could not agree that that ' orosnerlty in any way was due to the present Government's administration, i The Government, were : always to the fore ih saying ■ that., there was no I poverty in this State, and if anyone dared to rebut this statement they were branded as disloyalists. But there was ooverty In Brisbane, and well the Treasurer know it. Ho had po hosita tlon in BayWS that there was a_ con spiracy between the Brisbane Tram way" Company and the Government,to keep the people in tho city, while/the same-femnrU could with equal force aiiDly 'to the Gas Company. . , Continuing, Mr. Niheily emphasised the fact that the Labor party c<>uld come to the front to-morrow it it wiped the land tax plunk-off-its plat form but it stood for principles,, and would retain its best planks until such time ns the farmers became- educated to them. Ho twitted' tho Treasurer that he'had established a socialistic State sawmill, and gloried In tho fact It would be paying well in two years time. The Treasurer should remember that £33,000,000 were sunk in Queens- . land's railways, but that sinking funds w!?re not maintained. - With regard o . the Treasurer's Federal confreres, he would point out that they were menvf | small ideas, men who sacked Mr. (.lilnn, . lost the sugar excise, and ^sentenced kn.FoW' own dolorous . Words. (Laughter.) He reminded the j Government that the squatters still ruled Quensland, that Us bioad uuu* i wore still controlled bv;thcm, and that i productivity and manufactures stag, nated in' consequence. A trip uoun I the Br sbane H ver-jnade him sorry- . Where was the development of mnnu- , rns-' Not one boat plying on tho H«rhud been built in Btlsbane. Phera lnu.endoes at the late, Fishm^Qot ern mont, the most that vity now. Innendoes rmdncltdfy'of" dnFotwernment thn evgr-hw^e'd the Inderal or State af fafrs SWThelr defence poller, financial and -humanitarian admlnis rat on ;had. hoen-unequalled, and now the "Llbd r£?s» held shadowy power, where was I the promised-miHehiOm? .'-I . Mr. Mor-. gan, member .for Murilla,: had stated ; during the present debate ,that he •.would not invite his: own'- brother to settle in Queensland' .under the present land laws. - Mr.,*Morgan himself had done well in* Queensland, and this in dictment coming from ■ him. should , carry weight. -He was a Ministerial | supporter of a rather bigoted nature. SCANDALOUSLY MANAGED; .The railway! system, continued Mr. Fihelly, was scand'alously managed. He sojd this without heat; and argued that there was too'much vlndictiveness, and too little attention to safety in the system.' :The Murphy's Creek dis aster was an index.of the whole, sys tem. He qiifcted'figures to show that while in New".South Wales, carriage rates were 'higher on the squatters' products, the farmets' products were carried much' cheaper than , in Queens land.*' -This showed that the^ present Government was run by the .squat ters, who provided the funds for their elections. Although Mr. Rankin was supposed to domineer over and con-' trol they Government, his "Country, . party, ..ay,. Country "Liberal" party, did , not gam. anything; for. the farmers, all the sops golrig to the squatters, for! •whom the Government.stood. . If the .Treasurer had'-given his figures in an honest I way./ihe ' would be -nearer £600,000 thaiV £109,000 out in his;es-> timates. yHo. ..was oyer ;..£ 70,000.' out. in the^Tncome^t^r^ 1^,000" in the stamp tnx, £0000 in licences,.-and- £15,000 In; Commonurealth'"!rebates. : \ Mr. Forsyth:..Whosb'flgures.are you . duo,ting? V . i '' Mr. Fihelly:. -The VTreasurer's own figures.. ; In misrepresentation the leader of-the Country "liberal"/party' took the lead*. •' He made a clear state ment that- delay-in.'-proclaiming- the abolition of excise and bounty was duo to the Fisher'Government. Yet dur ing the campaign Mr. Chataway,- then ..a. Senator,' stated that if the "Liberals" • were returned to power the abolition would be proclaimed "unconditionally. The "Liberals," to, their surprise, were returned, and then. Mr. Cook demanded more than Mr. .Fisher. "What an out cry there would hatre been in the Tory press were tho,. positions reversed. In the. matter of the. £1,000,000 loan'-to Queensland, in spite of the "Liberal" shriek that it was usury personified, the Tory Federal Government was charg ing the State the' same rate of inter est.- No;'attempt at reduction had been made., .Thus Mr. Fisher had been mofe thiin vindicated by those who had accidentally deposed him. A LITERARY GARBAGE TIN. Coming to advertising, ho animad verted severely on tho /system adopted during the recent show. A Tory paper, with a circulation of about 40P, whose name ho woulds not' mention, but was a literary, garbage'tin, hud received £12'10s. fob:-d" show-train' advertise ment, and also . published regularly tho Government Sqvlngs? Bank advertise ment. , Tho' -Trettsur.er should be heartily asUam^&fof; Tiimsolf for wast ing tho tuxpUybfs)' money in this way. The paper hc refhtred to was subsid ised by funds . .frdm - the "Liberal" Leagues In Sydifoy,, and was n .polit ical scavenger. Mr. Fihelly then re ferred to,the oditorof tho paper, whom ho termed "a drunken blackguard." Tho paper was subsidised,,and he sup posed an.j?xthi' beer throwri in. ,, Tho. Treasurer : The hon. member should bo ..aohamcd to make such charges'■under privilege ! Mr. Fihelly.: What ! have said here to-night I will repeat, outside !* . . Labor members'.- Hear, hear. • Tho Treasurer l. Tho hon. member is good at heroics in;the Chamber ! * "A DELIBERATE LIE." . Mr. Fihoiiy:. .The'hon. gentleman opce told ii. deliberate lie under privl * lego of Parliament about a polilican who afterwards became his chief. ' '■ Tho Treasurer;: \I rise to a point of order. he hon. member has charged me with telling tv lie! Tho Chairman (Mr. Stodart): The hon, member; ;muot^ withdraw' the statement S. Mr. Fihelly s^! In; accordance with Parliamentary usage.,I'do withdraw it, but — . • Tho phairmah : The hon, member, must withdraw unreservedly!. Mr. Fihelly : I do so, but point -oiit Uiat the. Treasurer should go outside and say that Mr. Kidston was, drum med out of Falkirk, ; ♦ Labor members: Hoar, hear. : Mr. Fihelly : ,Lpt the Treasurer ap ply his ndvleo to himself. (Hear,? hear). The Treasurer was also guilty of wasteful expenditure in tho. Sav ings Lank advertising department. In education there should bo much more liberal provision made for teachers and secondary, schools. / SLOTHFUL RAILWAY PROGRESS. Mr. B. If. Corser ' commended the Treasurer for.1 his Statement of ac counts, and did not consider his over estimate of £109,000 out of the why. lie was disappointed with .tho want of progress on tho Great Western arid North Coast Hallways. The Minister for Railways : There Is progress on tho North Coast Rail-; way ! ,■ i, Mr. Corser: Yes, but those people are served by water 'transit. (Hp or, hear.) The pushing on of' this, line precludes work on' other lines where ,the settlers have no "mfthod^ of transit whateve On the North Burnett the Gbvernment wns'cuttii\g up 300,000 acres.fo'r settle ment, .and yet!, the railway was unbuilt. The'line should precede settlement In stead of following it, otherwise the railway would cut many .holdings in halves,: and, moreover, in "mafty. ii^r stances would cut off water rights. He thought that Mr. • Morgan referred to prickly p'ear land when <he "said that ne would not ask his own;brother to-go on the land In this State. "'v.- • Mr. Morgan: That is so.vv Mr. Corser' also .advocated a more rapid extension of • land survey. . in dairying districts. The Danish itlar garine factories produced 60,000,0.001^ last year, and the' German' faqtdWes 400,000,0001b. Second-class, •; AUstra llan butter had to . compete-wlth^thls." Moreover, the disease- kpbwn Y;rtB "blackleg" ..was spreading amopg/the cattle in some districts/;.'//''^ Mr. Kirwun: It spread-'ln Brisbane, during the strike. (Great laughter); '!PALM OIL. Mr. Corser ; went on .;to ,\refer;v.ta.Va great palm oil Industry ".thatV^yadvbe-. ,ing propagated by va .company "jhrithe coastal districts. • .. Y Mr. Kirwan: }Vlio uses, Mr. Corser:' The hah.'.nVe^efcYfre-* 'fers-^o another . kind■ lot-'palm-;-/oil. ' (Laughter.) : I was ' referringrntbi the coe6-jJalm.\ It yield^i .a* big/pi-dpor tion of oil,, which is used In ;thetrifrtnu i'acture of margarine.,• /The^mdf.6 that .Industry goes ahead, the "worse" for the :butter industry in the State.;" The tenures of prickly pear ^selections should be extended. ;"LI&eRAt;" HEIRLQOM8. Mr. "M'Cormack said that/Minister ialists had levelled u good deal of-crit icism at the Labor Government :of New South Wales -for its alleged reck less expenditure. But they-forgot to add because it suited' their- book to overlook the fact, that, most /"of: the money spent by the Labor Government in'the mother State, had been devoted to carrying into effect the heirlooms in the shape of public" works left .for their consideration by the Wadb'•♦Lib eral", Government. For. education alone the Holroan' Governmeht.'.'spe'rit las^'year-no less a sum than £!3G4,000. Surely members opposite, would not' for a moment maintain that- that amount was badly spent; then; again a large amount was earmarked for charities; while no less a .siumxthan £2,260,000 was devoted•>. to '/ railway duplication.- ; ,. Mr. Grant: And what,about hniid ing railways over to a private,'-com pany to- build ?•. . . Mr. M'Cormack : That has'ndthlng to do with the matter I. am discussing. Dealing with immigration, the mem ber for Cairns said "that the. Labor party had often been accused of'op position to immigration. Thpt accuea .tion was absolutely groundless. The' Labor party was in favor of-imrrilkra-, tion providing it was of the right-kind. But it was dead against', bringihg ;oui' hordes of immigrants in order,loflood tho local labor markets. .Take/ah^ boat bringing out immigrants/to Queensland and what .did .-'.woy.find/ Hundreds of persons for,Brisbane, and, a dozen ,or so for the rest of Queens-' land. ■ . .V" 1 '• .'V- i'" -The Treasurer: They aro cilt xiom-j inated. , • • . .-/V'* . Mr. M'Cormack: That has, nothing, to do with it. The, fact remains that tho Government is paying, thevbiilk of the passage money, and' that beJjie/thOr case it was the Government's clearly doilned duty to see that only suitable immigrants were brought to this State.' lie (Mr. M'Cormack) did riot fur .unu moment suggest; that Immigrants were •anything but first-class men and wor men, so far us their personal Characters were concerned; but they were admit tedly. for the most part-*fnctory hands and city workers; and as such were quite unfit to settle on the .land. The ; Government was not paying sufilcien* attention to the stigar Inatistry. ^ A number of co-operative mills' .were thoroughly equipped and giving every satisfaction, but those Under Govern ment control were rattling along, ill equipped and old-fashioned. • The Treasurer: That is not true. A REAL ROUGH ESTIMATE/; • Mr..M'Cormack: It Is.true, and if It were the Downs people who., grew the sugar, we would find up-to-date,mills being erected wherever space could.be found for 'therrf! Mr. Tu^or, the Min ister for Customs in . the Fisher Gov-I crnmont, had ' been charged by the : Tories with having no knowledge of i the sugar industry,. but what of tho "Liberal',' Minister for Customs' (Mr. Groom), who was so ignorant of the industry that he stated in the House of •Representatives, while speaking on thov Address-in-Reply, that , the . pro duction of sugar In Queensland, in §ix months, was roughly estimated ht some 600,000 tons. It" was anwextremely rough estimate. . V ' •' The Ministor for Education: Well.'iit was liberal enough, wasn't it? '(Laugh ter). v '"/• •* • Mr. M'Cormack:' Yes, it . was cer tainly liberal enough. but;this was the man Who •'Liberals" sjfld was going to save the -sugar industry.^ (Laughter.) All he (Mr. M'Cormack) hoped was; that the hopes of the "Liberals" would be fully realised, and that Queensland: would be able-to produce 000,-000 tons of'sugar every six months."/ A-CHEAP GIBE.- .. : / Mr. "Williams said that the deputy leader^ of .the Opposition had proved: by his opposition to the deep sinking scheme at- Charters. Towers, that he was" no friend of the working* man.. Mr. Theodore: That is a cheap gibe. < Mr. Williams: And when the ;hon. member tulles as he does 'against the, "scheme, he shows how little indeed, ho, knows about gold mining." Mr. Theodore: 1 know more of. the . practical. work of mining than, . you, do." , ' ■ ' * > • '*••/ Mr. Williams: By your opposition to the scheme you will* prevent hundreds, of miners who love Charters Towors, and are anxious, to return, from again making it their home. / ' i ' • Mr. Theodore: I am no friend of the boodler. .. . ' ' ' . An interchange of compliments fol lowed, and Mr. Theodore was called' to order by the Chairman. \ Mr. Theodore: But Mr. Williams is making an attack upon me, and I must ask your protection. ; * ' Mr. Crawford, who' • followed con gratulated the Treasurer on his finan cial statement, and generally supported the policy adopted by the Denham Ad-( ministration. CANE PRICE BOARDS/. Mr. Caine defended tho Government and Its financial policy. He warmly advocated the "establishment of /Cane Price Boards, without,which", he main tained, that ull tho sugar legislation of' the session must remain incomplete.. •Mr. Coyne: Did you support }Mx. Ryan's motion? . ; Mr< Cplne: I have supported the pro posals of Mr. Rankin. Mr. Kirwan: Where Is this Cane. Prices Bill, "^promised by the . Pre mier? Mr. Caine: I hope to see such a bill Introduced this session; Without, it our'work is far from complete. 1 He characterised ;some of the Opposition* criticism as remarkable In its in genuity. On the one hand , there was a demand for cessation" of borrowing* and on tho other a demand for expen sive public works. ' At 10.35 Mr. W. H. Barnes moved that the Chairman leave tho chair and report progress. Mr. Ryan ( objected. He . understood that the debate would close that even ing, why was it to be dragged'on to another day.' •* The Premier: • The; mphiber for Mirani, Mr. Swayne, desired to speak, and, lms been' waiting all the evening. Also I understand, that two members of tho Opposition desire to speak. How ever, I will withdraw tho motion if .the House desires it. Mr. Ryan: Let Mr. Barnes reply, now! Just as tho Treasurer roso to re ply, Mr. Murphy objected. Mr. Swayne had as much right to speak as any other member. Mr. Philp also objected to the with-!, drawal of the motion that the Chair man leave the chair. Mr. Ryan and Mr. Fihelly wero.both called^o order for insisting on debating the point. ( The House divided, the motion that the Chairman leavb the chair being" carribd j)y 24 to 18. " On the motion of the1 Premier, .the House, adjourned at 10.55 till 3 p.m/ to- day. ', . 