AT A SLANCE A BRIEF SUMMARY OF TO-DAY'S HAPPENIN8S. I'CMoM . . ' . ?..???'' | iAnd wintry '-]? Continues the weather. ^More- shower;* are expected over the ?ou-tlir west. and south- coastal areas, 'But gradually contracting tto the eouth and. becoming line generally, JYVeyt to south winds. Squally weather is expeoted off the south'! west coast and off the south ©oast, with rough seas. '.The Government meteorologist pre dicts that the large disturbance over the Southern Ocean promises general rain throughout southern and south eavtern Australia, with rough weather over the Southern Ocean generally. 'Wake up, England!' The Port of London authority, hitherto lethargic la adopting new ideas hi .handling cargoes, is getting a Yankee move on. The Chief Engineer Is to go to the States and Canada, to study wheat handling methods, it 'being thought conveyor plants might with advantago bo In stalled at Albert Dock for the more rapid disposal of frozen and. ohllled produce. This' Is news acceptable to ' Australia. Faction fighting has 'been resumed in ? Londonderry, and 'blood la 'bolnu spilled recklessly, the police suffering severely in their attempts to baton the mobs into order. Houses, too, aro being wrecked. So that the rioters shall not have the benefit of 'Dutch cour age' in the night when darkness invites to violence the hotels are being com pplsorily closed at 7 p.m. The lengths to which some bodies of strikers will go on the road to mad n?ss is illustrated by a cable menage from Vancouver. There the miners 'destroyed mine buildings flooded mino workings, dynamited a railway -bridge, end terrorised a whole town, necess itating the calling /out of the militia.^ I1, is hard to ace what miners can gain by flooding the workings, in which they' hope to work on higher wageB ' and in better conditions'. An iron and steoi corporation has been formed in Great Britain with a capital of £2,000,000. Wo may soon hear of the Andrew Fisher of the House of Commons asking the people .to vote 'Yes' on a referendum fash ioned upon Australian Labor lines. America does everything in a big 'way, tragedies not excluded. Prom -Arizona comes news of a fearful tra . gedy, in which nine miners were hurled to death down a tramline on a steep hillside by -the, 'breaking of a cable. Probably a little timely- inspection of the cable .would have avervea. me ca tastrophe. 'Parliament says Sulzer lias to give up his chair as Governor of the State of New York. Sulzer replies he will pee Parliament in Texas first. Sulzor's friends declare he' is the victim of a Tammany plot, because he has refus 'cd to continue any longer a Tani many tool. Xow Sulzer and the Act ' Jus-Governor, appointed by the Legls ]atur'\ are ju-jitsulng each other for the ollho chair, and giving separata B»rrt5 of. orders to 'the staffs. Comedle Amerlca'lne modelled on 'E dunno 'where 'e arc.' 'Coming events cast their shadows before! A sampan load of Japs In 'vaded California, and sought to land , in defiance, of the Immigration Laws. They were captured, and will bo de ? ported. -Easy to-'do wittd a sampan ?? load, but not so easy should the Asia tics' swoop down in hordes, as they .might, without difficulty, .particularly 'on Australia. Just here is n warning .that we should have no diddering with our defence preparations. - . Men who seek glory in Arctic and 'Antarctic exploration ure' yj- fireside h'eroe?. /Che tale of the Danish e.\\\ nedttlon. I';d by Captain Koch, wfilch has just wrung the secrets frozen In ' Yheiifoad breast of Greenland, bristles with .privation nnd endurance beyond 'the liking of most of our race. ' The v captain broke 'his lt-g by falling into a 42ft. crevasse, the horses became enow-blind, 'and the party were about j to cat their pot dog— he had accom panied them the whole journey— when , o pacing sailing vessel rescued them. The hankering of these explorers is ?,,l:artl to understand. *'2aihe South 'Perth Council last night agroed, to receive a deputation from the ESsfyand Central Wards Progress ' Aasoclatlon*wl'bh 'the object of dis cussing the ac(vi§ableness of granting a portion of the Coow&gtreot; Reserve for the purpose of formin^it^bowling green. The que&tlon; of the appointment of an independent appeal board. Gtfnsist lng of a nominee of the Commissioner, another from the association, ,and an'-' independent gentleman, was gone Into by the Railway, Officers' Association 1 yesterday and affirmed. It was pointed 1 out, by delegates, as things stand now, it was a question of appealing from Caesar to Caesar, and with such a condition prevailing .It was not likely that a decision, no matter how unjust, was likely to be revoked. To-morrow afternoon the 10-mile amateur State cycling championship will' be decided on the Albany-road, finishing 'at Canterbury- terrace, Vic toria Park. This event, .which has been contested. annually for a number of .*' years undov the auspices of the Perth Amateur Cycling Club, creates no- little . onthudai'-m amongst the ycllng fraternity. 