k Queen Alexander 69 to day. e — o— i Tasmania separated 88 V years ago to-morrow. I' Riots at Ballarat Dec. 3, | I54- ! First steamer / arrived in ; W est Australia Dec 4, 1845. I — 0— | Sixty two years ago since . telegraphy was first established : in N.S.W., ' Macquarie River discovered Dec 6, 1813. , tK. V Stat'eEiectionsvdfilSatQrdavy He who cannot hold his tongue cannot keep his friends. The man who dies young will not be obliged to dye .1 when is old. , — o — Rail-laying has begun on the Queanbeyan-Oanberra rail way, and it is expected that. the line will be completed about the middle of January. Do you... suffer with headaches 1 Cornell's -Headache Tablets . will relieve you.: Price Is a bottle. , V. J, Cornell, M.P.8., Chemist and Optician, Pambula. ' — 0 — 1 - During- the -.hearing- of a case in the -Supreme Court ai . Blenheim, N,Z.,- in which" a man was charged with/stealing o-as, an- experiment with I acetylene gas: -was made in the jury room. Au explosion took I placed but fortunately no one J was injured. „ V " -O— r Subscriber : And what do you charge for funeial notices -in ycwjtr ; paper. Editor . Half - a - crown an inch. Subscriber .r-Holy Moses, ! and my brother was six I feet six liig|i. j At Camlfrdown, Vie, pota- ;S toes are being sold for Is bd a | : tao k One of the cows on. the Gee- long Harbour Trust's Sparro- t, vale Farm, near Geelong, has. y? . yielded 1102 gallous of milk I- in the calendar year.. For the past three years her average has been 842 gallons, which at . ! iod a- gallon gives a gross , re— turn of 35 a year;, She is a ' crbssb'red, dark red, with white back strike and hind shanks. II' Nothing exceeds like excess. Even the most truthful will lie at night. — — . ' The social scale is the place where they weigh money. — o- Trouble is : the, only thing you can borrow without secur ity. " Lots of ; people who cling, to the anchor of hope go down in the mud. , — o — Tell a man there are a hun dred billion stars and he'll bc- leive , 3;ou; but if- -a. sign states : 'Fiesh paint' he'll want to in vestigate ,for himself. — o — Most men-have, two disposi tions— one they > exhibit jn public and the other gets its work at home. — o — Its easy to mistake "an empty mind for an open one. — . Some seem to think that j.'U /»£. 1 1 fVi line a. anff. RnflTV liUC ucc ui u'v v. -'wr bark. , — 0 — Professor of Astronomy; 'Can ' anyone' tell what the. milky way is?' Tom'my : ' Please, .sir I don't- kno wyvhat it' is, but 1 think it was -caused, by the cow jumping ov er the moon. 1 — o — Ma (after questioning her son in elementary geography): Willie, you Teally must learn the names of the oceans.' Willie: I can't, Ma; every time I try it makes me . sea sick.' All you have to do is to awalowl two tablets with a little. water, and- Cornell's Headache Tablets will relieve you. Price ,1s a battle. V .< t . M PH .. CliRmiafc aud. t|. , vui uciij Optician, Pambula. Poultry Farmer : 'Why, that's a nest egg- -you have there. I thought you had had experience of "poultry farming. Wliat did you do on your last place?' 1 . Immigrant; 'Notliin', as you might say. I was just useful help.' \- For the four - weeks ending 25fch October the Casino Corop. Dairy -Coy. manufactured 71 tons of butter, and paid 10 38d per -lb. for first-class; and 9 3-8d for second-class, inclusive of export deduction. The total pay ..was £8196, is 3d. ' Absent Voters.— The " ques tion having been raised as to whether an elector- who on pol ling day -is resident in: the' dis trict for which he is enrolled may make itse of the. provision for absent voters travelling to a polling place in another elec torate; and voting there . at, it has been ruled that an elec tor .who is' actually /within the electorate for which lie is en- ; oiled on the day set apart for, ipolling has no legal right to vote as .an absent voter at a polti ng place outside that elec torate. Things gained are gone, but grsat things done endure; — o — 'Ma.' inquired Bobby, 'hasn't pa a queer ideatof- heaven ?- 'Why' do you ask that ?' cause I heard liim. tell : Mi- Nay lor. thafc the week you spent at the seaside seemed like heaven to him.' — o — , It is reported from New Zea land that ;a five- legged foal was, recently '.operated on, and had one of the legs removed by a veterinary surgeon,; who ex-, pects the foal to race later on. Always keep a bottle of Cornell's Headache Tablets - on hand. They are splendid, for headaches, and so oasv to take. ' Price la a bottle. V . J. Ooruoll, Chemist " and Optician', Pambula. — o — Lismore Go-op. Dairy Co.' manufactured 84 tons of .but ter during October, and paid iojd per lb. for first-class and 9 Jd for second-class. ' , , — — , .Kyogle Co-operative Dairy Co. for the four weeks month of October paid" lUu per io 101 ; first class butter and 9d per. lb- for - second class.; The total disburse men ts on ?, acco unt, of ; butter was 56ocv In the bacon department ' th'e m'ents -for the same, period amounted to 2000. _ ; Every letter of the alphabet perfectly legible through i strong microscope, Has been, engraved ou the head of an ordinary pin by a man at'Port- land, Oregon. , ' — 0 — Anybody- can. see through people vvli 0 make s pectacle s of. themselves. It is absurd tq tell a beggar to go about his business — beg- , v> Kin hnni . , i gllig ui uio uuo.uv.0. \- 4 r Andy Carnegie, the top dog of Skjho Castle, says— "I like newspaper men, no matter, what the color of their news paper may be. They are all to me." , — 0 — 1 There is a beef; war in Mud- gee. One butcher is selling sheep t'ongues for, 9d per dozen, vvhile another is advertising these appetising morsels at 6d per dozen. Rump steak is being retailed at 5d per lb vby one butcher, whilst corned beef 1 ' .1. I f : O J »». is oeing aisposeu or ut ou ijoi lb by another. The same butcher is selling, all kinds of chops at 4d per lb. Meat has been reduced iu price all round. > — 0— A Conference of Australian Agents-General was held in London' on Monday to discuss, the ' discrepancy 'between the prices obtained for Danish and Australian butters. It is- sug gested that there is a ring Con trolling' Australian price's. The British Port authorities will send Mr Henry Riselev to Australia at the end .of the year to enter into uegotsatiou's with' the Governments of the vanbu v States, \ A cudgel is. the best, argu- ment. - I — o — . . 3 Fate gives us parents- , mis fortune trieslthem. — o— ";y The man who gets on says -bere's 110 such thing as luck. 1, — o— fikCleveruess is knowing JaoW kj|iy you are-and hiding it. |f — 0— |;'Never sneer at . another's, n|istake. ; It may be your turn p|ext. " — 0 — " Mau without religion is the creature of rcircumslance. t-We seldom know, our be setting sins when " we meet them. 'The loss of'.one, flower, may be>.the gift of rnapy . seeds» v Shopkeeper: 'Can't I sell you a bicycle ? Only £6. Farmer : Oh I - could buy- a goad cow for.'that.l'V Shopkeep , er ?" 'Yes/ but you'd look fun ny'1 riding a cow down the 1 ..mi. t streei. xauuci . v-'u x uuu u kndwthat it would look .any Junnieivthaivmilking a bicycle.' '"Believe yiDuV';.heaHacefe>.by;talting- Gonlell'aHeadaclic Tablets. Carry k- h«rttV Oojt'nelly 'M'P.S:, Ghemist and- Op tician, Pambula. > ' Votes for Womca' was re- j ected by the French Chhmbcr of Deputies/ The division was 311 'no' and 133 'yes.' — o — 'Mr Huglies was as-":bril- liantly rlietorical as ever. He, shot ,out a dialectic right and: left at the-Prime Minister, who was on .the Treasury benches behind Mr Irvine,'— 'Age.' —o—- A Sydney clergy man ; says U A li a1 / I mhirtli nrn 1 riflC mai lUL iauivA was getting ; upon Australia constituted one of our gravest moral problems. He adds that We are fast . becoming tlie greatest gamblers on the face kof the earth. To avert a big strike, the Easters: Railroads (America) have granted increases of pay, aggregating over -£it 000,000. to their employees. If the strike had not been averted, it would have been the greatest in the history of the United States. The Deputy .P.M.G. advises Hon. Austin Chapman as fol lows : — With reference Jo your communication, - of the 25th August last enclosing a letter from Mrs A. A. Schafer, Whipstick, relative to tele phone connection at that place, I have to i nform. . you that; ap proval has been given for the establishment of a telephone office; and public telephone at Whipstick in- charge of the Receiving Officekeeper, Mrs A. A. ' Schafer ; the ' hours of service to he from., 9 a.m. to I p.miand 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. daily, Sunday, .excepted. The work will be put in- hand as soon as circumstances permit, ' To believe in- the heroic makes, heroes. — -0 — \- A friend in need is a friend you don't, need. — 0 — "When we cease to learn, we cease-to be interesting. — 0 — The foot that rocks the cradle has got no time to kick for woman's rights. , : -0— , ; It may be better .to lift lip. a man's heart than to take up his load. — 0— -Men are never safe so long as they think only of" saving themselves. ; ; , , : — 0 — Wisdom is great wealth, but too many think that, wealth must be wisdom. / — 0 — Doj not forget to record your vote on 'Saturday next, Dec ember 6. | Wlieu a man has "a bad temper' lie is never satisfied until he bestows a sample of it on all his friends. It isn't very, consoling to a .homely g-irl to be told, that a beautiful; disposition . is -..more, admirable -/ than a< . beautif ub y " — 0 — Hea.'lachea relieved by.; Cornell's Headacho Tablets. . Easy: to take, quick to act. , Price Is. V. J. Cor nell, M.P.S., Chemist and Optician, Pambula. : , / . .i- ; , — O— ' ' y..' In a case heard in the police court at Williamstown, Vic- toria, a money- lender who sued a workman for money lent ad mitted that be charged defen dant GO per cent interest. ' <: ' . — -o — " ' . Mr Peter Neilson, a teams ter' at Gilgaudra, put up a record by bringing in a load of 160 sleepers/ weighing over 13 tons. Cousideriug'they had to be drawn out of the bush over unmade roads, the load constitutes a record that will take a lot of beating. Tlfe team consisted of 20 bullocks, and tbe; sleepers were drawn a distance of 15 \miles. — 0 — A v grocer in Sunderland, vvhile cutting thiough a cheese the other day, encountered a hard substance. - Hacking out the- obstruction, be found that it was a small tin box contain ing some pennies, with a strip of paper, on; whiMr was written a request that the hnder should communicate with a certain New Zealand manufacturer and inform him whether the. cheese was sold as New Zea land or Canadian made. The grocer has since replied, stat ing that the cheese was sold to him as a Canadian article. . 