[?] Imiedby the WTmNATlffflAL SECBET ABUT of National Trade Ufiion Centres. (Affiliated membership over 7 mtUion.J Brief Labour Notes from All Countries. Berlin, Jan. 28, 1913. Great -Britain. An International Transport Workers' Congress will take place in London in June of this year. Previous to this it is intended to hold an International Railway Servants' Conference. The strike of the 5,000 miners in Wales has terminated since all non-union men have joined the respective unions. The Union of Boilermakers have, by a referen dum vote, decided to withdraw from the Labour party. Five thousand . dyers in Yorkshire have obtained an increase of Is. to 2s. per week and Saturday afternoon free^ from 1 o'clockj without having to re sort to a strike. Those who are employed by members of the Employers' Association are still fighting, particularly against the introduction of piece work. The strike of the London taxi-drivers covers, 12,000 workers. All attempts at mutual agreement have up to the present fallen through. The union is now consider ing a scheme to organise the taxi-motor traffic on a co-operative plan, and, after taking the advice of experts, to replace petrol by some other driving power which will only necessitate the slightest alteration of the motors. The largest of the firms affected by tho strike have offered to sell the motorcars to the men on the instalment system. Shortly after the Government had declared its intention of placing its print ing orders only with such firms where the eight hours' day was observed the London County Council similarly decided to have their work done where the maximum weekly wprktinie is 50 hours. Within the first fortnight of the State Unemployment Insurance for building workers, shipbuilders, wheelwrights, etc., coming in force, 85,000 eligible out-of- works applied for relief. Altogether 2,250^000 workers are insured by the State against unemployment. The shoemakers are negotiating with the employers regarding a tariff for the whole country. They demand a 48 hours1 week, minimum wage of 35s. weekly for adult males, a general minimum wage for females, etc. On account of the rejection of their demands the bakers of London and district have decided to strike. They have left it to the organisation to decide when the strike shall commence. * ? # Canada. The management of the Canadian Trades and Labour Congresses have in formed the English Labour party that the organised workers of Canada are solid against the ' Warship Present ' which the Canadian Government intends to make for political purposes. The Canadians fear a strengthening of the 'Jingo' agitation and the mad craze for increased armaments as a result of the gift. The workers of Canada have also repeatedly declared at the. congresses their intention of working for the world's peace. In the effort to break down the strike of the miners at Cumberland, British Columbia, the Government have given the mine-jiwners permission to procure 700 Asiatic blacklegs. The Labour party hopes that thia measure will bring the party many victories at the next election. * * ♦ United States. The strike of the textile workers of Little Falls, New York State, has ended after 32 days, the working hours being re duced from 60 to 54 per week and the wages being raised on an average 10 per cent, in this strike again the ponce acted with ex treme brutality. , The strike of the hotel employees was supported by a large number of the best hotels and restaurants, yet the success of the movement has not been so good as it, might have been owing to the weak pre (-aration under the direction of syndicalist eaders . The strikers' complain bitterly that new immigrants and their union, and the German Waiters' Federation, a 'yel- low ' union with headquarters in Germany, came to the assistance of the employers as strike- breakers. In Baltimore a large union of builders has been founded for the protection of the 'Employers' interests' against the workers' trade unions. In Detroit, Mich., 2,000 men employed in automobile works are on strike against the continuous cut ting of piece-rate wages which has led to ruinous haste in the performing of the men's daily work. From New York it is reported that the paper rulers and blank book binders, mem bers of the International Brotherhood of Bookbinders have secured an agreement in creasing their minimum scale to 21 dollars per week. The strike of the garment workers of New York has ended in a vic tory for the workers. Only the cutters are now out. The men demanded the eight hour day and increase in wages approxi mating 20 per cent, with a minimum wage for women and girls of 10 dollars, and men 16 dollars. The Goshen South Bend and Chicago Railway Company, the Valparaiso and North Rail. Co., and the Gary Connecting Rail. Co., have entered into an agreement with the A.A. of Street and Electric Rail way Employees under which trainmen re ceive an increase in wages of 5 per cent. Trainmen now, for the first six months, re ceive 80 cents per hour, following six months 82i cents, and. 35 cents per hour thereafter. . * * * South Africa. At the first conference of the South African Labour party,,, at Capetown, last week, one of the most important questions discussed was that on coloured labour. The conference propose to admit coloured men to trade unions, provided guarantees are forthcoming that white standards will be upheld, while determined to maintain white ideals and will place no obstacles in the way of natives attaining to such, the parto will observe a passive policy in re gard to the latter. Heavy penalties for co-habitation of whites with blacks are insisted upon. There are 15,000 members in the South African trade unions. * * *. Mexico. What is perhaps the greatest strike in the history of Mexico is now taking place. Thousands of men employed in the shops of the National railways are demanding in creased pay and an eight hours' day. The Government's attitude is not conciliatory. * # » France. The sculptors of Bordeaux have been ou strike since November in order to obtain the free Saturday afternoon. An inquiry by Dr. Romlinger reveals the manner in which France is carrying civilisation to Morocco, where men and women are becoming more and more ac customed to alcoholic liquors. Such drink is doubly dangerous in the climate of Morocco. In Casablanca, for example, the number of houses selling spirits rose with in four years from four to 161. From 1909 to 1910 the import of alco holic liquor doubled. According to official statistics re mines and quarries, etc., there were 43jl34 workmeu under the protection of the special laws of 1892. For the support of members in Albine who have been locked out since October 1st, 1912^ the Leather Workers' Unions are now levying 2d. per member per month on its comrades. Since the 19 committee members entered prison on account of the anti-military agi tation of the' Paris Building Workers' Union, one prison alone houses not less than 34 trade unionists who have been sen tenced for political offences. And over the door of the -prison, as over all French grisons, stands the proud words: 'Liberty, quality, and Fraternity.' * * * ? Belgium. Since the end of December over 2,000 textile workers have been on strike in Routers on account of a lock-out. They demand 10 per cent increase of j^ages, while^he employers are only willing to give 7 per cent in some branches. The Belgian Trade Unions Commission has decided to recommend the discontinuance of the common strike fund, and that the contri bution shall not be levied any more until the next Trade Unions' Congress. The ground of the recommendation is the for mation of numerous National and cen tralised unions. 1t- The glassworkers in Jemappes have held a protest meeting against the methods employed to make them teetotalers. At the entrance of the factories they are met by gendarmes who see that no alcoholic drinks are smuggled into the works. In side the factories, however, the owners can sell alcoholic liquors in the canteens. The preparations for a political general strike in order to obtain universal suffrage have been carried on everywhere. The pro vincial- trades councils have recommended all affiliated organisation to elect special commissions for the encouragement of thrift. These commissions should issue savings' stamps on every opportunity, visit the workers in their homes, and make clear the value of the movement to the women in particular, and report to their centre monthly ?. * The question of a general strike is to be dealt with at every gathering and as sembly, and the importance of avoiding alcohol and gambling emphasised. Over' time should be avoided in all cases when the increased production brought about in this way may injure the prospective strike. Following in the footsteps of the Brus sels' Educational Committee, which founded a Trades Unions' school last year, the Co-operative Centre in Lu'ttich equipt a special school for the co- operative move ment which was opened on January 19th'. This is a new and pleasant sign of the re cognition and growing importance of the educational efforts made m the Belgian Labour movement. t* The general strike proposed has been counter manded in consequence of the Government promising to introduce electoral reform.— Ed. W.I * # # Holland. Since January 5, the typographical trades in Amsterdam have been on strike. Altogether 1000 assistants are affected. The employers threaten a general lock-out, but have failed to nujve the strikers. The employers are now endeavouring to obtain, foreign blaoklegs, or to place larger orders abroad, ? many ._ » h hoped this plan wfll miscarry. * * ♦? . ? Germany. — Workers in aino works and zinc smelteries labour under conditions which are particularly injurious to health. At tempts are made to improve the working conditions, but in most cases they are weak-kneed effortekand serve very .little to mitigate the dangers of the evil atmosphere pervading in such works. The German Federal Council (Bundes rath) have just made an attempt. Based on paragraph 20 of the Industrial Regulations they have passed new rules (Dec. 13th, 1912,) which shall in effect lessen the dan gers of workshops. They have dealt chiefly with fitting and technical processes from an hygienic point of view ; provided for the prevention and removal of dust, better ventilation, and provision of pure drinking water. Further, it is ordered that the gases escaping - from distilling tubes, also steam, etc., must be conducted out into the open air. Riddled ashes are not to be drawn through factories, but must be disposed of by way of a subter ranian channel. The employment of young persons and females in all smelting works, and the re moval of ashes and carrying of material to the furnaces, is forbidden. But! Youths between 16 and 18 years of age may under take such work when a doctor has certified to the effect that the development of the person will not be injured thereby. ' There are varidus other matters dealt with, such as the position of the washing, bath, and dressing rooms, which must not adjoin the dining room ; and, also, a doctor must be engaged to watch over the health of the workers. It is permitted to take food in the work rooms, but a worker shall not enter the dining room before having washed hands and face. The new regulations came into force on January 1st. More satisfaction would have been' afforded had a particular exception not threatened to nullify the best in the provisions. The authorities may still give permission for the employment of females in places where they have been previously engaged, till the 1st January, 1920. A good part of the regulations will mean nothing more than mere printed paper for many works. The politician disturbs him self very little in the matter of the pro tection of the factory workers' health, capi tal demands that he be without considera tion when dealing with the proletariat. An inquiry has revealed that the Ger man building unions, on the 26th October last, had 333,024 members. Of the 300,892 members who come within the scope of the inquiry 271,214 (90.1 per cent) were em ployed, and 29,678 (9.9 per cent) unem ployed. The causes of unemployment were in the case of 19,868 men defective works, 2,700 men weather conditions, 7,110 men illness; equivalent to 6.6 per cent for the -first reason, 0.9 for the second, and 2.4 for the third. Of the particular trades the plasterers were worse affected — in Septem ber — and the Isolators the least. Of the former 11.4 per cent, and from the latter 7.5 were workless. The masons hacP9,l per cent out of work, and the navvies, etc., 10.5. All over the country hundreds of over crowded public meetings have taken place in protest against the increased price of meat, and the chief cause of the increase — the tariff ou imports. The immediate opening of the frontiers to foreign frozen meat was, in particular, demanded. In the middle of January the section of the longshoresmen, raftsmen, and dredgers, who are organised in the Transport Wprkers' Union ,held a branch conference in Berlin, at which 10,542 members were represented as against 8,762 in the previous year. Over 9,30() of these are at the pre sent moment engaged in a movement for the improvement of wages and the condi tions of labour. A hard fight for the improvement of the conditions under which they work is being waged by the bakers, whose employers have organised themselves against the move ment. In Magdeburg the Guild of Master Bakers have decided to impose a fine on any member who comes to a tariff agree ment with his employees. The hotel and restuarant workers have held meetings in all towns throughout the country at which a weekly rest day has been .demanded. Up to the present these workers are protected by an old decree by which the so-called skilled personnel may claim a twenty-four hours' rest day every 14 days, and 6 hours' rest every week. The daily work time may not exceed 16 hours. Increase on this daily shift iB not permitted on more than 60 days in the year. The unskilled workers have up to the present enjoyed absolutely no protective law. Inquiries have been instituted by the Building Trades Corporation in order to ascertain the frequency_of accidents in the trades. The result revealed the follow ing facts. In the various branches acci dents occurred per 1000 workers : Masons, 12.38 ; carpenters, 16.89 ; scaffolders, 43.40 ; painters, 5.22; glaziers, 2.74: stucco workers, 5.42; slaters, 34.90 ;- plasterers, 5.65; well-sinkers, 12.42; stove-setters, 2.39; stone cutters, 8.78; stone breakers, 36.44. This inquiry covers one year. According to the census of 1907 there were in Germany 196,963 foreigners per manently engaged in agricultural work, 59,819 in building, 65,520 in collieries, 29,211 in the stone and pottery trades, 15,338 in the textile industries, 12,194 in the metal work trades^ 9,458 in ±he doth ing trades. Meanwhile the numbers of foreign workers in Germany have risen rapidly. The ' German Workers' Centre,' a pri vate body comnpsed^of the chambers of. agriculture, etc., whieh obtains season labourers and also industrial workers from prides itself -on its activity for the ^protec- tion of and inter-working with the Govern ment. The foreign workers are compelled to obtain an annual registration ^jarcfirom this Workers' Centre of the employers, lor which they are charged a high fee. Who ever has not such, a card, or has not his last employer's signature on his card to certify that the holder left his employment in a satisfactory manner, is expelled from the country. During the past year this Centre brought a round 600,000 foreign workers to Germany and sent them to work for the most pitiable wages and under the saddest conditions. The Munich Labour Temple has just been opened. The Work of erection was commenced last March on a plot of ground in one of the main streets, which was pur chased for 180,000 marks (about £9,000). The building itself was ready in November, the cost amounting to 600,000 marks (about £30,000). This wul be the central home of 70,000 Munich trade unionists. It contains l-esides restaurant rooms, a large assembly hall, and the offices of the trade unions, the Social Democratic Union, and the workers' own ambulance corps. There is also to be found the central library of the trades unions. # ? ? Austria. Many collective agreements terminate in the building trade this year. Negotia tions between the organisations of the em ployers and employees have been without issue, as the employers stipulated in the beginning that all questions of the reduc tion of hours must be omitted. The Union of Domestic Servants are now publishing a monthly paper with a supplement ' For the Youth.' (Address: Vereinsblatt, Weggasse 25, Vienna VI). The Government is going to lay before Parliament a bill for the compulsory estab lishment of municipal agencies for apart ments in communities of a certain size. A landlord will be compelled to announce that he has empty rooms, and to announce again when they are occupied, while the munici pality will have to give information to seekers of apartments and issue regularly a list of free rooms. A petition with more than 10,000 signa tures has been sent to Parliament by the Bakers' Union, in which it is desired that the Government improve its own bill for the protection of workers in this trade which is now before the House, The new Association Law passed by the Imperial Parliament, but which has to pass the Upper House, gives women the right to join political association for the first time. # » ? Hungary. The National Congress of the Wood workers took place on the 26th December in Budapest. There were 13,875 members re presented as against 11,037 in 1,910: in cluded in these figures were: 11,147 joiners, 175 turners, 639 coopers, 745 up holsterers, 199 brushmakers, 396 wheel wrights, 52 basketmakers, etc. The union's capital has risen from 6,800 to 106,000 kronen. Unemployment and strike benefit is paid by the union. A proposal to introduce sick benefit was rejected. Since the great strike of the Budapest waiters in 1910, the hotel and restaurant proprietors have initiated an employment agency and withdrawn patronage from the ' jTellow ' Geneva Union, though th-3 union should have their trust as a supplier of strike-breakers. Without an agency this union cannot gain members, so it will com pete with the employers in the future, and Budapest will again have 26 professional employment agencies and 24 so-called ' waiters' agents.' An order of the Prime Minister announces that everybody, except police officials, who in time will prevent emigrants who have not done their military service leaving the country, will receive a reward of 8 kronen per head. # « * Roumanla. The gut cleaners in the larger slaughter houses nave been locked out for four weeks. The employers are endeavouring to get the work done abroad, especially look ing for assistance to Germany and Hol land. It is possible that the watchfulness of the organisations of these countries will dash this expectation to the ground. # # * Bulgaria. The appeal of the International Secre tariat for the support of the Labour move ment of Servia and Bulgaria, which has been so terribly deranged by the war, has been well responded to by all countries. This raises hopes that, thanks to the international solidarity of the workers, the trades unions of these lands will1 be upheld, and that their movement, after the definite conclusion of the war, will develop faster than ever. From Belgrade, Brother P. Pawlowitsch, the secretary of the Servian Trades Unions, writes in regard to the appeal of the International Secretariat : We greet the friendly advances of comrades In foreign countries, who are coming to the help of our trades unions. Upon foreign hangs the . cxlstenoe and future development of the trades unions of the Balkans. The question of the trades unions in Servia, as in all other Balkan States, is a matter of life and death. The desolating effeots of the War are to be traced everywhere, and a serious economic crisis threatens the future. Only by strong organisa tion can the effects of the devastating war be soft ened for the workers of the Balkans. And when that cannot bo brought about-^without the outside help scarcely possible— an extensive emigration is soon to be reokoned upon, and this oan only injure tiio position of the workers in other lands. # # * Denmark. The importation of Polish and Galician workers for Danish agricultural labour was continued in 1912. In that year, accord ing *p 0m reports, 12^00 Polish agri cultural labourer? «iai-ered the country ^ 4ur jn&the.summer;, including 9,600 women and children. On iihe Damsh islands every twelfth worker on the-iaad was a Pole, the number of Polish workers ijeing 1,600 Higher than in the previous year. Practically all the imported workers were engaged on the Jand. Only 716 were otherwise employed in work such as brick-' making, railroad laying, and similar 'work. A curious thing is that these imported workers are not only -engaged by the big landowners but mainly hy the small farmers. In Jutland onjy 1,800 Poles were employed, while the small farmers on the islands engaged 10,600. These Polish workers were chiefly engaged in beet cul tivation. The nationalities of the various workers were as follows : Galicians, 9,745 ; German Poles, 72; Russian Poles, 2,017 ; and about 300 belonging to other nations. A law has been in existence for some years dealing with the position and rights of imported workers and which endeavours to do away with the worst effects of exploitation. # # # Switzerland. The employers and the Liberal party are working with feverish zeal to found ' yellow ' or blackleg unions all over the land. The Federal Parliament has decided to create an office for Social Insurance, for which the way has been prepared by State Accident and Invalidity Insurance. The Government propose a bill for a Post Office Savings Bank with franc deposits. Lower deposits can be made by means of sticking postage stamps to forms. # # # Italy. The Tripolitan war was ended in wealth for its organisers. Army suppliers, etc., and shareholders of the Bank of Rome made thousands, but the working people are suffering on account of the increasing un employment. Unemployment increased at such a rate in Italy in the last few weeks that the trade unions sent a memorandum to the Minister of Public Works to the effect that he should take measures against the evil. This has Jiad no success. A little while ago the trade unions published the result of an official inquiry into unemployment which went to show that in the Italian Midlands thousands of capable workmen are not able to find em ployment for more than 200 days in the year. At the present moment not even this average is reached. Since the publication of the findings of the official inquiry un employment has spread rapidly in many places in Upper Italy. For example, in the province of lower Romagna workers, particular day workers, find themselves in autumn 'and winter months- at a stretch out of employment, while in the province of Ravenna the aver age number of working days per year is only 100 to 130. In these places there are reckoned to be 16,000 unemployed amongst agricultural workers, and 4,000 amongst handcraftsmen such as carpenters, smiths, bricklayers and masons. In the province of Bologna the state of affairs is still worse, for inquiries in 42 different districts revealed the fact that there were out of of 20,237 workers 7,031 unemployed during the first nine months^ of the year, while out of 18,982 women workers 7j978 were in the same plight. Sad to say there is no prospect of improvement. In the province of Mantua there are 10,000 day labourers without work. The cause of this condition of things is given as the alteration in the system of tenure and the introduction of new machinery into the factories. But the real cause is the crippling of the textile and building indus tries by the war. In industrial towns of upper Italy, such as Milan, Turin, etc., business has become stagnant. In Milan alone at the present moment there are 40,000 unemployed, and in the surrounding country districts are to be found another 20,000 in the same pitiable state. The action of the trades unions has awakened the Government to the serious ness of affairs. The trades unions advise the commencement of many public works which have been overlooked, and it is hoped the Government will take up the idea in order to provide the unfortunate unem ployed with work and bread. # # # Spain. The painters of Madrid are among the few favoured trades enjoving the eight hour day. Founded in 1899 the organisa tion since 1902 has had this working time. The first raising of wages from 3, 50 to 3, 85 pesetas per day was obtained, m 1905 without strike. A further increase of 25 centimes was obtained in 1911 after a strike of four weeks. Shortly after, how ever, 800 of the 1,200 members of the or ganisation were locked out. The workers were defeated, but the organisation has recovered since then. To-day the painters receive 6 pesetas and the helpers 8, 50 per day of eight hours. # * * Sweden. The management of the Union of Masons and Woodworkers has published a proposal to be laid before the next confer ence, for the innovation of unemployment benefits. For the masons this makes a much higher contribution necessary. The Woodworkers have discovered, through in quiries, that this innovation, through their., connection with the building workers, would create great difficulties for them. It has, therefore, been proposed that the building workers should cut themselves oft from the Industrial Union of Woodworkers and that the benefit be regulated by a col lective agreement. * » ? Norway. In T/ondjem, a syndicalist opposition club has been formed within the trades unions . At the head of -the syndicalist move ment in Norway stands the editor of the party organ in Trondjem, Traumal, who is consciously working towards the disruption of the trades unions movement. The aim of the syndicalist propaganda in Norway is a reform of the trades unions' tactics in regard to direct action, sabotage, and against the collective agreement. # # * Russia. The celebrated doctors! society ' Piro gof ' has issued an urgent appeahfpr sup port for ten provinces where the people are starving tor want of necessary pro visions. According to the estimates of tne authorities, more than two million hectares of land have been left uncultivated owing to this, and it is anticipated there will be still worse consequences. ? ? « Japan. The Government has in view the pre paration of a bill which, if passed, will compel employers to divide amongst workers, who have not been engaged in any stoppage of work during the year, a cer tain percentage of the net gains, at the end of the year. * # # Argentina. At the beginning of December, Con gresses of the two Federations of Trades Unions were held in Buenos Aires. These unions, although both under anarchical and syndicalist influences, had up to then strongly fought each 'other. Since the brilliant year of 1908 the membership, es pecially under the regime of the Anti Labour laws, has fallen off. This brought about a common meeting arranged in order to consider the amalgamation of the two unions. As no decision to this effect was arrived at, another common congress will be summoned. 