' ;' AUSTRALIAN 'TWANG.' fTrom 'Tindlev^ Murray^' :4-''F. S. \5f.' has' entered upon an altogether different aspect of this question in quoting the Eng lish language as spoken bv some of the pro vincial peasantry. I limited myself to the allezed Cockney pronunciation of Aus \- 1 rauan- children. I cannot claim tohave had the education advantages mentioned by your correspondent, as my education has been of the three 'rV kind in the school of the lower five; with'a degree of experience, in the university' of Nature. But. - despite those disadvantages, I. ; say. emphatically . that Australian children, owing to the great benefits of environment,' climate, non-association with any corrupt ing dialect, speak .more , correctly, with, fetter intonation.- and have generally much stroneer and nleasanter voices; and speak the English .language better than it is «=aoken by the much' older immigrant chil dren, and even the adults, from the British cities, ; London included.:. The language ? spoken by the English-born i' children of 'toaxehtsbf foreign birth, living m' the; Lori- don slum districts of, Seven Dials. Soho. Honndsditch, Poplar, parts of 'Wnite chapel, ^and ?Saffnm'.Hin, isVinV spite of the ' former 'attending' English:' schoblsi'so cor rupt as to.be practically unintelligible to an Australian or' £6' the 'average English' ? man not conversant : with 'the -denizens of the' foreistn'oMrters 'of ^the'metrbnolis.' I was; and airi still, dealing 'with London chil dren -only.' as ? Mr. Maughan used the' word ,'CockneySm.T.,;T.he' fdreignilpijclishraccent seems to have been -so 'deeply- engrained'in the' manner 'oi -speech- and pronunciation oflthe'EnsJish-bornchfldren of British ex traction that 'the South Australian school \- teachers 'experience' ' much difficulty in understanding' them readily in 'some if not many of their, '-peculiarities of enunciation arid' pronunciation. The -dearest in tons ?mpre'spnQrous.*: impressive English is that' as spoken by Australians, educated or' un educated. The child, speaks as the parents ..do.: There is no difference- of dialect, as epoken by the' native-born in the far distant JPerth, Melbonrnc'Sydney, or Brisbane, or ? in any portion of the eastern States.- 'West- ern ? Australia, Tasmania;1 Adelaide, or . South Australia.- 'The same cannot be said .ofrBBglatid, for' tne^dialects .of Yorkshire, Lancashire, Norfolk, . Cumberland. Somer setshire. ' Sussex. Essex, Lincolnshire, and the other 'provroees are so different in ar ticulation and expression that the natives . of any given county or shire cannot under stand the 'English' as spoken by the other.' -The English language is a mass of dialects formed from ' Roman-Italian. ? Norman \French,' the Norwegian, Swedish, Danish, Flemish, 'end ' Saxon German languages, with almost, as many accents as component parts.' peculiar to English only.' ',' -Hence *P.' S. M.' never heard any Australian ask for ' 'gripes,' or use '.the word 'woy* for whv. for such expressions would' .be un natural and unlikely.' ?? . 