BOY SCOUTS' GAZETTE «. THE IXDIAX SIGN LANGUAGE. Scouts. Ï English Scouts.—The State Imnugra j tiou n m ü»sionei has received a notifi ! cation from the State Immigration De I partmeni. that the scouts whn were to 1 arrive í>y iîje steamer Commonwealth are having passages arranged for them in the Geelong. The Matter's departure has been delayed, and the probable date of the arrival of the bovs cannot "be defi nitely stated. Correspondents.—The editor of the offi cia: magazine for the Boy Scouis of America, has oummuai-icated .with the general secretary, andasked for the ap pointment of an official "scout eeribe" for South Australia. He would be re quired te» send a regular monthly letter to New- York, and forward photographs of the work. In return it is the inten tion of the American editor to send offi cial corresponden-ce regularly to South Australia for publication. Registrar W anted.—For a considerable tune the inspecting officer for South Aus tralia has been engaged in preparing suggestions for further improvements in scout administration. He has had occa sion to draw attention to the multifa rious duties of the general secretary, which are so arduous that he needs to be relieved of certain work. It is re commended that an officer be appointed as registrar, and be responsible for the keeping of ail records and regulations. It is hoped that the executive will ap prove of tho idea. Danish Boy Scouts.—There are approxi mately 15,000 scouts in Denmark. Copen hagen and the vicinity alone have close upon 3000. As in other Scandinavian countries, the movement is generously supported, and everywhere the work of the leaders is appreciated. King Christian is a "Warm friend of scouting, and "when hie two sons, Frederick and Kneed, as-ked if they might join he readily consented. The King wçs particularly anxious that his eons should he treated as scouts only when in the service, and this the scout master of the troop to which they belong has rigidly done. Fortunately the boys are anxious to prove in every way pos sible that they are good scouts. Pirefighting.—From a rough calculation the national headquarters of the boy scouts of America have discovered that firefighting seems to provide the lads with more opportunity to showing their courage and efficiency than any other I phase of the work. The Indian Sign Language.—Ernest Thompson Seton, chief scout for Ame-, rica, has compiled a book on -the Indian sign language for the use of scouts. Some tine ago he 6tated that the lan guage 'was the "best form of communica tion among scouts. Jt is claimed that it can put Esperanto in the shade, as it is simplicity itself, and readily learnt. The inspecting offieer has written the American chief ecoufc to ascertain more fully the methods -adopted for teaching this language, so that South Australians may Iiave an opportunity of acquiring the art of "talking" by means of signs. Promotions.—Rose Park Troop—Corpo ral Lingwood Smith to be leader; Scouts Lavis and Guenther to be corporals. 'Commissioner for Emigration.—»Follow ing upon the appointment of z< Commis sioner for Immigration in South Austra lia by the State Council, the headquar ters council in London has appointed Mr. A. G. Burchardt Ashton as commis sioner for -emigration- His duties are to assist scouts who intend to emigrate, and he gives them advice on assisted passages, qualifications necessary, the kindof work available, and the teVms on which the colonial Governments are pre pared to assist. Silver Wolf.—The new regulations go verning the award of the much ' coveted 'silver wolf" are not by any means fa vored by scoutmasters in" England. local scoutmasters and executive officers do not like the alterations either, and from the opposition shown t there are ßtrong reasons why the old regulations should be Teverted to. Why new hiles were made governing this award is a mystery which only authorities at headquarters oaii solve. Headquarters Gazette.—Despite the fact that «a .great deal of subject matter has beer sent to London for publication in the "Headquarters Gazette." it has prac tically always been "crowded out," and relatively unimportant British posses sions aue given hall a page to them selves. In the interim we must possess our scouts in patience, and eventually be rewarded .by seeing news from South Aus tralia in print. 