Immigration Policy, "WEEDS'' NOT WANTED. Many of the immigrants who arrived during 1912 were of an unsatisfactory type, and, as a result, the Ministry has decided that greater restriction must bo exercised in selecting immigrants in future. Further explanation of the policy to bo pursued this year was made on Tuesday by the Minister in charge of immigration (Mr Hagelthorn). Ho stated that Victoria did not want "weeds," and therefore quality, not quantity, was to bo looked for. Whon in Englnad the Premier would giv'o ypeciai attention to the question of obtaining youths from 16 years to 20 or 21 years. Generally speaking the? West Ham boys, who had been dra^n almost entirely from London, had given great satisfaction to their Victorian employers, but ovon better types hiubI be obtainable in the country centres. Tinirutiri point was to secure youths young |'enough* for, under Victorian conditions, any healthy boy seemed capable of developing into a useful resident if sent into , tho couutry. It was almost certain that : the State could securo a Jarge number of t suitable youths from the country centrcs of Groat Britain if effort? were directed towards obtaining this typo. In regard to farm laborers, the department would roi fuse to assist* those whom it did not think I of.--a sufficiently satisfactory class, and | efforts would bo made to secure more Danish and Scandinavian workers. Dur; ing tho past yoar many so-called farm laborers who asked for assistance to Vic, tori a had lived chiefly in London or other ! large centres. In future farm laborers 1 who apparently acquired their experience in' cities would be refused, and the immij' gration officials would bo instructed to 'go.into the country to obtain farm l workers. Though tho number of assisted i iinmierants might be limited to some orI tent by tho care exercised in selection, it was hoped that there would be an increased, supply of nominated passengers i for tjie country districts. In fact, the policv. for 1918 would be to obtain settler -and workers from the country districts. 