INDIA AND IMMIGRATION. An unfortunate,effect of thc disturbances lin Natal is that, quite apart from the loss and apprehension caused locally, they have once again , brought into prominence the whole question of coloured immigration Into the self-governing Dominions of thc Empire. Various speakers have raised the poiut in their comments on the situation, but thc attitude of a certain section of the inhabitants of India lias becii crystallised in-a.deputation introduced to Lord Crewe by Sir Mancherjco Bliowuagree. This de- putation represented the views of"'tho'Ail India''League, and its objects were two- fold. In the first place, it demanded an Inquiry into the alleged ill-treatment ot the Hindus in Natal; in tho second, it urged tho intervention of the Imperial Govern- ment to secure for thc people of India the rights of citizenship throughout the Em- pire, Lord Crewe expressed his, sympathy with tho first request, but wisely declined to enter into any discussion on the vexed question of racial exclusion. Of course, everyone' eau understand tho position of tho league, in regard to tho first matter. India has heard reports that a hundred arid fifty thousand of her people aro being subjected to harsh treatment , in n 'foreign -land, both .by individuals ' and by; thc authorities. . Naturally she' feels indignant'on this score, and naturally she is exerting herself to champion her op- pressed fellow-countrymen. If a tithe of tho allegations arc true, then there is reason, for 'an inquiry. They may not bo true; indeed, they have been officially denied, and it would be unfair to attach too much importance to what are at the best ex-parte statements, and what may at the worst be gross lies. Still, India "Is quite within her rights in demanding timi her people should be dealt with humanely and equitably, even should they be'sub- ject .to a foreign jurisdiction, and though the charges of brutality may, on examina- tion, collapse utterly, one can sympathise with her point of view. But when wo como to the second- clrtini, lt is less easy to sympathise. It amounts to a demand-that the barriers which con- front the. Asiatic immigrant in tho Dominions should be removed. In other words, ,it asks that tho-whole of our im- migration policy should be removed at' a blow. Tho deputation was, at any rate, frank. - The refusal to pay the poll -tax in Natal was -implicitly a protest against racial differentiation. . And the , All India League was perfectly outspoken with regard to its aims; it wants "rights of citizenship throughout thc Em- pire." It may have logic on. its side, and the weight of ethical considerations, and all thc abstract merits of the case. But lt is met with thc hard, cold argument bf facts. All of tho self-governing Dominions, as a matter of settled policy, have set limi- tations on Asiatic immigration. But in no case is there any general wish to abolish these restrictions. As far as Australia is concerned, thc question: of allon immigru tlon hus been threshed out over and over again. Wo base our policy not on questions of relative superiority or inferiority, but on purely .economic grounds'. That we ex- clude certain races, is not.meant as an In- sult to' thcin,.but as n measure, of protec- tion to those of our own stock whose stan- dard of ll'Hng is higher. "And when that is said, it may bc added that the ordinary Asiatic emigrant is not of tho type which makes the best citizen In a Western com- munity. No one in Australia would now suggest n. reversal of thc White Australia ?policy; wo venture to think that thc other Dominions, equally with the Common- wealth,' would resent any dictation in ques- tions of this kind. "And-'the.-Imperial. Go- vernment is not likely at this time: of day, to undertake thc , exceedingly thankless and invidious task of. convincing'i» of our error. . .- ? - " ''"? ' ' Tho "Sydney Mall,"-Tho principal topic of conversation ; nowadays lo, " of; course, tho Boneral election, which is to toko placo on Saturday next. Tho subject io givon con- siderable spaco in this week's "Mail," in which aro published tho portraits of nearly 150 candidates. Tho 32 Liberals whoso scats aro regarded as tolerably sato aro pictured; tho 2« Labour mon whoso success is likely are also shown; there aro the principals in IO stirring duels; and thero aro also por- traits of many others engaged lu keen con- tests. But tho "Mull" has other attrac- tive features. An Interesting pago illus- trates Norfolk Island, which ls about to ho added to tho Commonwealth. Tho way in which domestic sclonco ls taught in our Superior rubllc schools is shown in a couplo of udmlrablo photographs. pr. Percival Colo describes the result of his Investigations into tho influence of picture-Bhows upon Syd- ney children, tho number of young people under consideration being 400. There is an- other instalment ot Australian wild flowers photographed hy Mrs. John Sulman. An en- tertaining article describes the game of base- ball, and makes especial reference to tho American players who aro about to visit Syd- ney. The opening ot tho howling Benson nt Chatswood ls illustrated. Thero aro pic- tures pf Flinders leland, and the writer of tho. accompanying article states that tia ls now being found there in payable quantities, men being employed at 11B per day. In thc land section, tho grading ol butter for c* port is further dealt with, nnd there arc some Uno pictures of a Danish dairy factory. Tho Lord Mayoralty.-Allegations of log- rolling by eertnin candidates for tho Lord Mayoralty wero made at last night's meet- ing of tho City Cour/:il by Aldorman Lindsay Thompson. Ho'said that his voto had boen solicited half a dozen times on behalf of vari- ous candidates, nnd tho practices that went on in bartering for this high otllco wero de- grading. Upon his motion lt was decided that tho Town Clerk bo uukod to roport on the methods adopted In tho election of thc Lord Mayor of London, and such otner load- ing municipalities ho may'be acquainted with. City Council Deals.-Without ono word ol discussion tho City Council last night agreed to tho purchase ot tho electricity ;supply un- dertaking of tho Palace Company (trustees ol tho late Gcorgo Adams' estate), for tho. sum of ¡£10,000. The matter hitd been before thc electric light committee, which recommended that tho deal be rando, but'this ' was thc first timo it'bud como beforo the full council, not a member of which was apparently suffi- ciently interested to ask a singlo question about it. Another ; recommendation that went through without debate was tho accept ance of an offer _ by the trustées to sell to tho council the portion of land adjoining the Town Hall, and having a, frontage of 30ft to Kent-street and '25ft, to Clare'nco-stroet, foi tho sum of £5000, for the purpose, of the elec- tric light department. The. New Lord Chief Justice.-When iii" appointment of Sir Rufus Isaacs as Loni Chief Justice was. announced,' a cabled mes- sage was sent td him on Behalf of tho Sydney Hebrew Congregation by Mr. A, Blashkt, thc president: A- reply has now i boen received from tho new judge. In tho following, terms: -"I can assure you that I was both, pleased and touched by the very' Kind mcBBage ol congratulation that you sent nie on behalt of your congregation, i'hopo you will be so good.as, to convey to all the members my very great . gratification .and sincerest thanks.' ; It is a matter ot great pride and pleasure to bo that niy appointment should have boon rogarded by members of our com- munity as- in the nature of an honour done to the race as a whole." Christmas Holidays!-Tho attention o£ shop- keepers is directed to the closing hours to bc observed during tho Christmas and New, Yeal periods. Provided tho shops aro closed dur- ing tho whole ot Christmas Day or Boxing Day and New Year's Day, »nd that : the shot assistants, aro not employed during any por- tion of those days, shops which usually clos; at 1 o'clock on Saturday must closo at that hour1 on Saturday, tho."20th' December, bul may remain open on Wednesday, . tho 24tl: December,' Christmas Eve, ' Wednesday, thc 31st December, Now Yearns Eve, and Friday, tho 2nd January, till 10 o'clock, and till C o'clock p.m. (hairdressers' shops . 7;80 p.m.) on Saturday,- tho 27th December, and Satur- day, the 3rd January.. Shops which 'usually close at 1 o'clock on Wednesday-must close at that hour on Wednesday, tho 17th-Decem- ber, but may romain open on Saturday, thc 20th, Wednesday, the 24th, Christmas Eve, Saturday, tho 27th,' Wednesday, tho 31st De- cember, Now Your's- Eve, and Saturday, thc 3rd January, till 10 o'clock p.m. Interstate Commission.-The members of tho Interstate Commission, Messrs. A. B. Pidding- ton, ICC. (president), Lockyer, and Swin- burne, havo arrived in .Sydney, and aro at present engaged'in an inspection of cbrtnin industries in tho city.. When this'work ls ccmplotcd .tho commission will go to Brisbane. Brink ot Volcano.-"Australia not only wants immigrants of tho right sort from tho mother country," said Sir George Held at Newcastle on Monday, night, "but also men with capital-and enterprise.' If," he went on, "wo should depend upon bur. own capital and our own enterprise for the task ot . making this continent what it ought to bo it would fall. If wo depended, on tho In c'ronso:of births, over deaths wo might dream about a nation, -but wo would bo 100 years In getting to anything Uko our ' first stage of ; advancement. Although tho humanity of;tho nations.was improving, and tho good feeling .'was. also making headway, they munt not forgot there never was a timo in th« history of tho world whon arbitrary power bad such tremendous resources, whether for defence or offence. The people of. to-day wore living really on the brink of a volcano. Tho only safety ho could'think of was that tho nations we're spondlng so much in get. ting ready for war that thoy could not afford tho roal article. Decimal System of : Reporting.-Mr. J. M. Combs, tho well-known New Zealand temper- ance advocate tolls tho story of an exaggera- tion which ho states was not manufactured for homo consumption, but for export to Aus- tralia. "A few years ago," he says, "a case bf sly grog-soiling was reported from In- vercargill, and eight cases of whisky were Involved. By the time tho news reached Christchurch, tho number of cases had grown to 80. It was quoted in tho'North Island as SOO, and when lt finally reached Australia there wero 8000 cases."- . Tho Parting Kiss,-A caso against tho Com- missioner for Railways was being heard In ¡tho No! 2 Jury Court ? yesterday, beforo Mr. jjustice'Sly ona a Jury ot four. Mr. Lamb, ICC, was addressing on tho question of what a passenger In a railway carriage should not do. His Honor broke in: "According to you, if a girl puts her head out of tho car- riage window to kiss her mother, then sho is doing wrong?" Mr. Lamb, without a smile. aBlced: "Did your Honor say 'mother' or 'lover.' If it was tho latter^ I can assure you I never experienced it. (Laughter.) But if, when tho train is moving, tho young lady puta her head out bf tho window to kiss some one on tho platform, and their heads bump, then I think it hard'on tho Commissionors if they aro to bo held re- sponsible" ? _? ? ?' . 