Items of Interest. Proceedings at the infantry camp at fawler (South Australia) were marred £L ga unfortunate oraurra.ee in con nLtvott with the food supplies. The Lt infantry left Broken HjH at . o-clock on Thursday night and reached Ganler about midday on l'iiday. Hie S looked forward to a good »cal on irrival at the camp. They were «err ,-ith stew, «'hieh they refused, .rt, v ulaed the dishes outside the tents hi a row and told the officer n,at thev would not eat such "stuff. ; 5* Broken HiU men said that if bet- , ter food wero not served for tea they _ouW leave camp. -The evening meal | was a 6reat deal better' j Tl,e Victorian Executive Committee) on Tuesday afternoon commuted to. imprisonment for l.f# the sentence of deith "recorded" by Mr Justice Hood last month against Frank At lenborough on a charge of having criminally assaulted a girl, "8^ 12 years and ten months, at Owrrjlwe,. m-ar Biillarat, on December 15, 15112. Attenborough^who is 30 years of a^e, is n jockey, and-at the trial a de fence of insanity was raised. It was shown that he had been m \svlum for ten weeks. It. was decided Ouit the prisoner should set tlio bi-iie^ (it of the regulations Avitii respect to'? mission of portions of the sentences. II- will, therefore, be revived to ^li'ciid the nvst of his life in gaol. U the Drake Police Court, W. Carl Cl'iser pleaded guilty under the Pure J ood regulations to storing food in imeleaii premises. Ho was fined £». and £i 14s Cd costs. Mr. Dairy In spector Lacey appeared to prosecute. The evidence of Mr. Lacey showed the bails were brolen aud were unclean, the floor was badly broken and dirty. 1" tlie milk-room, oil the broken floor, wore pools of dirty water and milk. The separator was unwashed. The millc-room was neither' fly-proof nor lime-washed. Lavatory floor was broken, and there was a hole contain ing water five feet from nnlk-room , door. A hole in a cam was filled witli Ten, calves were camped in the s'nni'll shade of the milk room. Defend ""t said lie had befu ill and had not been able to attend to things. \ proposal to extend the raiW aj li"« from Kyoglc to the Queensland lioi'der was presented to the Minister for Works on Friday by a deputation "f Kyogle resident introduced by Mr. bee and accompanied by Messrs. Briner and M'Farlaud, Jls.L.A. Some time ago the Minister was asked to have a survey -made of a line from Kyogle to Acacia Creek, but I lie proposal made on Friday was a shorter line of about 22 miles from ICvo-U' to O'Grady's Crossmgv Tlie new "scheme was put forward m the hope that the Queensland Government would see its way to extend the exist ing lino from Beaudcsert to the bord er, and so connect up the systems of the two States. Mr. Griffith said that Ue would communicate with tlie j Queensland Government and ascertain j whether there was «nv possibility ot , tlie suggestion for extension of the Queensland line to Grady's Crossing! being entertained. If "he found that i the proposal was regarded favorably In- tlie Queensland Government, he w ould refer both the schemes for the; extension of theiliue- from Kyoglc ^to i the l'ublic Works Committee. A prisoner who has just completed « term in Bathurst Gaol, returned to Svdney with a startling story, concern ing the voung immigrant, Alfred Smith, who was so prominently before tlie public during the epidemic of i masked burglaries in Sydney. It be recalled that Smith was, at the Sydney Criminal Com* sitting last year, £f*ntcnced to imprisonment lot life. It was proved at the trial that lie luid been concerned, among other things, in tlio sensational. revolver due) at Randwiek, when he was dis covered in the act of robbing a house there. Smitli played a lone hand, and was credited with having been one of j the first in Sydney last year to organ-j ise a system of masked and .armed, crime. Since his -removal, to Bathurst, Gaol, it has leaked out that Smith ; has Riven tlie authorities a great dealj of trouble, and a close watch on him j had to be observed. Lately) it un derstood, he engineered a plan, to es-1 cape, and would no doubt have sue-j ceeded 111 regaining his liberty had it j not been for the timely arrival of a.; warder. Amoug tlie other .prisoners it was remarked1 that the immigrant "crook" had almost cleared 'flic walls) before his absence from a cell "was dis covered. Be was, it is said, recaptured after a! determined fight. Inquiries were made from gaol - officials, a»d there was no denial, that .the masked burglar had endeavoured to" escape. A more strict watch on him, it ^ae added, is being ' kept. No admission would be made regarding the state ment that Smith had been removed -to Parramatta Gaol, where all old-timers and hopeless criminals are sent. v , At 2.30 on Friday morning, a. taxi calj- containing -several men and woman drew up at Melbourne Hospit al, where one of tbe occupnnts, Henry. lliTout, of High-street, St. Kilda, was treated for a bullet wound in the back of the left shoulder. The wound was" a very slight one, and the_man was dis charged, almost immediately. Bryant refused to give any but'the most mea gre information' concerning tfoe mat tor. Ho told the police 'that lie had been shot by" a big Jjlackfellow, though he stubbornly Tefused to be specific as to the blackfellon'V identity. At C.30 ftryaut and a liian named Briee at tracted tho attention of a policcroan hy their actions iti the midst of a crowd of -excursionists at Spencer street station, and they were both ar reted on a charge of jjtiejnpted lar ceny, ; The following statistics regarding tho population of New South Wales are gazotted:-Increase of births over deaths, 7,489; increase by excess of arivals by sea over departures, 11,05"; total increase for quarter, 19,902; population at beginning of quarter, 1,719,053; population it end of quar ter, 1,738,955. Unknown at least to many of those on guard at tlio Qucenscliff and Ne pean forts, 'Melbourne, the three ? de stroyers of tho Australian naval unit (Varra, Parraniatta, and Warrego) crept into port at Pliillip Bay in the small hours of Friday morning. 'J'he warships were returning from a cruise in Tasmania!! waters, and it is stated .-'?at the officer in charge was keen on stealing a march on the lookout men and the Garrison Artillery, who had gono into training at Nepean and Queenscliff on Thursday morning. With all lights doused and travelling lo knots : per hour the destroyers dashed through the heads, and in less than ten minutes liad steamed into a position in which no gun at tho forts could touch them. When eventually sighted tho destroyers had communi cated with the Williainstowu depot by wireless. % The Kskiino, says Mr. Kuud ltas musscn in "The l?eople of the Polar North," does not count tho days, and keeps no record of time. All his thoughts are centred on hunting. Once I askodt an Eskimo, who seemed to be plunged in reflection: "What are you thinking about?" lie laughed at my question, and said: "Oh, it is only you white men who go in so much for thinking! Up here we only think of our fleshpits, and whether we have enough for the long dark of tho win ter. If we have meat ciiough, then there is no need to think. I have meat and to spare!" On another oc casion I asked an unusually intelli gent Eskimo, I'anigpnk, who had ta ken part in Peary's last North Polar j expedition: "Tell me, what did you I suppose was the object of all your ex- : ortions? What did you think when yon saw the land disappear behind you, and you found yourself out on the drifting ice-floesf" "Think?" said J'anigpak, astonished, "I did not need to tliink. Peary did that!" Eating becomes the great thing with the Eskimos. I once excused myself,' when paying a visit, with tho plea that I had already eaten', a-nd had had enough. 1 was laughed at, and the answer was: "There, thou talkest like a dog! Dogs can be stuffed till they arc satisfied, and can eat no more; but people-people can always eat!" A challenge issued by a man who claims the championship of the world at "glima" (Danish wrestling) led to a remarkable scene in tho Lisbon cir cus (known as the Coliseum). Tho wrestler, who lias lately appeared in Paris, London, Berlin, and New York, offered a sum of 200,000 reis (£40 ster ling) to anyone who should succeed in thro wing-'him or in wounding him with a 'knife or dagger. After defeating several Pflrtifcuese aiid -French wrest lers lie agreed to meet a,. Portuguese bluejacket in the service of the Min ister, for Marine as orderly, and the sailor, entering the ring," leaped at a single hound upon the Dane, striking him on the light hand and then on the chest, wounding hini somewhat badly. There wns immediately a scene of great uproar, which threatened to develop into serious riot, when ,the management demurred to paying the money over to the bluejacket* About 209 "Carboraniosj" friends of tho vic torious sailor, jumped into tho arena to uphold his claim, menacingly de manding payment, and in some instan ces producing revolvers. Their threat ening'attitudo terrified the spectators, and the officer in charge of the police advised the manager to pay the mon ey, pointing out that the small force under his command could do nothing in .the event of a tumult, and that there was danger of the circus being wrecked. Eventually the director tossed a bundle of notes into tho ring, and tho. triumphant tar .was borlio out on the-shoulders--of his friends, waving the money in tho air as ho went. 