IMMIGRATION". mr. watt's mission. The State' Premier (Air.' Whtt) is losing no time in attacking the various tasks which prompted his trip to Great Britain. On Saturday the Minister controlling im migration received a cable message from the Premier stating that he had arranged for a conference witli representatives of the different shipping companies interested in the Australian .trade to discuss matters connected with the hooking of passages for assisted immigrants. Although Vic toria tins had a liberal share of the berth allotments in Australian bound vessels, the arrangements made by the London immigration officials have been surrounded by miien uncertainly, and occasionally immigrants who were advised as to a dale of sailing have had to bo informed later that accommodation ivus not available, and tlieir departure was consequently much delayed. Mr. ,,utt has asked to be supplied with information regarding the mini her of nominated immigrants expectcu to leave England during the current year, it is explained that these details are neces sary, so tlmt the Premier may bo able to negotiate with the shipping companies for a definite number of berths, distributed evenly over the remaining months of the year. The Minister has replied that toe nominations would be slightly less this year compared with 1012, owing to the de cision of the Government to discourage tbe system enabling residents of the city to nominate relatives and friends for assisted passages to Victoria. This course has been adopted so as to curtail the emigration of artisans and others desirous o working only in the cities. While in ureal Britain Mr. Watt will en'deavor to arrange with different philan thropic organisations for the despatch of greater numbers of healthy British lads tor work on Victorian farms. 1L is recog nised tluit lliu number of experienced farm workers in Great Britain desirous ot emigrating is limited. A proportion of me arrivals of this class of worker last year was totally unfitted for .agricultural work, and recognising this tlio Government de cided to restrict .the selection, and bring out lads who could ho quickly trained as useful farm bauds. The recent rains have been responsible for a demand for farm workers, but the Immigration de partment lias been unable to meet the requests for workers. Nearly 201) applica tions from farmers all over the State are in hand. They arc offering up to 25/ a week and keep. Mr. Ilagellhoi'ii iB hope ful that the efforts being madn to secure Danish and Scandinavian farm workers will be successful, and he confidently ex pects that in a very short time a regular stream of this class oi' immigrant will be directed towards these shores. 