. FOREIGN HEWS. Eleven deaths have occurred in Michigan as a result of a heat, wave. The Internationa] Peace Congress wac in- augurated at the. Hague on Monday. Over 200 delegates assembled, " ' . The suffragettes throughout the United. States arc arranging for concerted action' to secure Parliamentary votes by a résolu tion of Congress. Reports received at Copenhagen state that Captain Koch, a Danish explorer, has crossed Greenland GOO miles further north than Nansen did. During a strike riot at Calumet, in Michi- gan, on Friday a copper miner was shot dead. Many of the rioters have been ar- rested. ' The Belgian contractors'.for the construc- tion of the Haichow-Lanchou railway in China have secured a contract for the,con- struction of 1,000 miles of railway to con- nect Tatting, Taiyuan-fu, Kwei-hua-chcng, Tung-yuan, and..Cheng-tu. A vessel laden with Japanese seeking to_ land in the United States in defiance of thc" ?immigration laws was captured on Friday. The Japanese will be deported. The United States Government has de- cided to give every facility to the Japan- ese Government to test the Californian anti-alien law in the United States courts.' Herr Bebel, thc German Socialist leader, who died in Switzerland a few days ago, left property valued at £30,000. A large portion of .the estate has been bequeathed to the Socialist Party's funds. Chinese'refugees ace flocking into Kobe, in Japans »Sun Tat Sen and Huan Sing have disappeared from Japan. The Austrian Government proposes . to raise the annual number of recruits to 260,000. Of the additional 40,000 men thus recruited, 20,000 will go into the Common Army, and 2,000 will go into the navy, white 18,000 will go into-the Landwehr. The strength of the cavalry and artillery will also bo increased. Countess Tarnouski, vho was the central figure in a sensational murder trial at Venice over three years ago, was on Saturday found dead in a railway carriage between St. Petersburg and Kieff. She had been strangled. ? ? ' The funeral of. the late Herr Bebel, the \ well-known German Socialist leader, took place on Saturday, and was witnessed by ] 150,000 persons: An imposing array of So- j cialist delegations participated in the procès- ] sion. Mr. Keir Hardie, M.F., delivered an j addresB at thc graveside. j At the Vienna militiary barracks on Mon- j day a Bosnian servant in the'employ of an j officer went mad and ran amok with a re- 1 volver. He killed Countess Marianne Bolsa, J fatally shot Captain. Ei6enkall, wounded j another officer, and then flung himself from an upstairs window in the building, fie is _ now in a critical condition« j Three of the Chinese rebel leaders-^-Cben ' Chimi, Huang Bsing, and Sun Tat Sen-ar rived at Yokohama on Monday. They are on their way to Tokio. ? J Most of the London newspapers support! the appeal for £100,000 to enable British athletes to be trained properly'for "(he forth-, coming Olympic ga-nes at Berlin. . Some journals, -i owe ver, fear that the establish-: trient of-such ft fund may encourage profes- sionalism,' while others complain that the Olympic scale of points is' ah unfair lest of athleticism. Carlo wita and Co ^, a German firm, havc> through their Hong Kong nianagér¿-who is á director' of rthë Hong Kong Shanghai Bank, offered to provide" the governor of the pro- vince of. Yunnan, in . tíie Soúth.West, of Chins; £3,000,000 to construct a railway from Tunhan-fu «astward to the West Bim. Garlowtta «nd Co., wi» represent Krupps, ask for a 20 yeare' monopoly of tb* Government contracts for arms, ammunition, and mining and other machinery. At Portland, in Oregon, the Mayor on Wednesday instructed the chief of police to arrest all women seen wearing "X" rays dresses in the street. When asked tQ state what were *'X" rays dresses he said they included* dresses with the necks cut too low, slit skirts too much slit, and sheath skirts too much sheathed. The United States Senate has passed the President's free sugar programme, thc De- mocrats defeating a final motion favour- ing a compromise duty. The trade depression throughout Germany is becoming worse, and the increase in un- employment is growing more serious every day. The high prices of food make the situation worso. Dr. Lumholtz, a Norwegian, who conduct- ed a zoological expedition to North Queens- land 25 years ago, is organising a scientific expedition for New Guinea. The expedition will be under the auspices of the British Geographical Society and the Norwegian Geographical Society. The "Frankfort Gazette" regards Ger- many's abstention from participation in tho exhibition to be held at San Francisco in 1915, to celebrate the opening of the Panama Canal, as a mistake. The Government, it i asserts, wag influenced chiefly by the iron and steel industries, but the claims of the textile and other industries should have received greater consideration. 