AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE ENGLAJfn. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) LOlvDOX, Oct. 81.-The market foT butter has shown little Qjiange for the past week or two, but there are signs of an impending decline in values, and most people are expecting prices to go con siderably lower than they are at present as soon as Australian begins to come in freely. This week some 13,000 boxes of Australian have arrived in the United Kingdom, next week more than 20,000 are due, and from that time on we shall get fairly large supplies. There is no doubt that the choicest quality butter will meet a good demand for some time to come, though, of course, prices will easa off as the supplies increase. The outlook with regard to secondary butter is not.«o satisfac tory, for the supplies of these are plentiful, and there is a great quantity of old secondary and in ferior butters in store. Present prices are:-Danish, 133/ to 136/; Vic torian, choicest salt, 118/ to 122/; do., do. un salted, 122/ to 126/; do., secondary, 6alt, 104/ to 112/; N.S.W., choicest, salt, 118/ to 120/; do., do,, unsalted, 122/ to 124/; do., secondary, salt, 104/ to 110/; Queensland, choicest, salt, II4/ to 118/; do., do., unsalted, 118/ to 122/; do., secondary, salt, 104/ to 110/., Argentine, choicest, salt, 118/ to 126/; do., do., unsalted, 120/ to 122/. The Bakers' Exhibition at Islington next year is likely to be the scene of an interesting competition fn connection with Australian flour. .The pub licity department of' the Iligh Commissioner's office has recommended to the Commonwealth Go vernment that r challenge trophy should be put up for competition at this exhibition. It is pro posed that the trophy should be. awarded to the British or Irish baker making the best bread from flour containing not less than 50 per cent, of the Australian product. "It will be remembered -fhat some years ago at the Franco-British Exhibition Sir John Taverner bad a number of loaves made from Victorian flour with the idea of showing how Rood the State's flour .was. ? The experiment was not entirely successful, . for the experts who examined the bread mostly came, to the conclusion that a blended-flour gave Tjetter results than Vic torian flour b> itself. This is certainly the opinion of most bakers, and practically allj.he Australian flour that comes here is blended with'other varieties before it is vised for" bread-making. The proposed competition ought,. therefore, to nave , very useful results, in the way of showing what tlie best Wend is; that is to say, what proportions of Australian and English should be used. It is suggested that the competition would be useful as an advertise* ment for Australian flour, but such an advertise ment seems hardly necessary to- day,-for the fame of Australian 'flour is widely spread all over the country. - According to advices received by cable a small party of-farm workers/British lads, and nominated passengers is on board the K.M.S. Orvieto> which sailed from Lon don on November 21. The next vessel to arrive with immigrants ,is the .&£, Themis tocles, due on December 15. The Themis tocles is bringing 197 immigrants, including 19 farm workers, 55 lads, 28 domestic ser vants, and 63 nominated persons. 