PEOPLING THE LAND. -. DANISH FAHM W0KKEB8. In consequence of the difficulties-experi- enced in obtaining suitable firm labourers from Great Britain the immigration authori- ties recently decided to secure as many agricultural workers as possible from Scandinavia. A party of 12 Danish farm »».orkcrs will arrive by the R.M.S. Orvieto on Dcocmhcr 20. On board the vessel there arc also three nominated passengers and six British lads for this State. FIGHTING THE RABBITS. EXPENDITURE ON NETTING. Two methods of dealing with the rabbit pest are giving good results- poisoning with carrots and strychnine and the general use of wire-netting fencing. The policy of the Ministry in supplying netting has been greatly appreciated by settlers. The quantity of netting supplied is now nearly 10,000 miles; of an approxi- mate value of a quarter of a million sterling, Even though the farmers are now busy with harvesting operations, the demand is steady, and the department, having good-stocks on hand, is able to make immediate supply. Considerably more than half the quantity has been manufactured in Australia, mostly at Sydney, but the Pentridge industry has accounted for nearly 2,000 miles. The ope- rations of the factory are on satisfactory lines, and a good output is being main- tained. In the distribution of the netting strict economy is exercised, with the result that the charge for such expenses only amounts to 6/6 per mile on the average, or about 1¼ per cent. The following list of shires, which are the largest purchasers of netting, is interesting in that it indicates where the rabbit is most prevalent: - Towong, 800 miles: Yackan- dandah, 400; Bairnsdale, 400; Ale-candva, 360; Portland, 300; Euron, 200; McIvor, 260; Wodonga, 200; North Ovens, 180. CLOSER SETTLEMENT. The following applications for land have been approved by the Closer Settlement Board:-l'endcr's Grove Estate: Mrs. I. li. Beecroft, allotment 13, section Q. Lamrock Estate: Mrs. E. C. O'Dea. allotments 10 and 17, section A. LAND SELECTION. REGISTERING APPLICATIONS.- - Mr. Lawson, who entered upon his duties as Minister for Lands on Tuesday, is anxious to discard red-tape methods, and to make the way of the land-seeker a» easy as pos- sible. Ile is aware that under present con- ditions many applicants for land have grown disheartened through repeated disappoint- ments. When several blocks have been thrown open for selection one l.ind- seekcr has often applied for every block, making a separate application and paying a separate fee of 5/ for each area. This practice has been icsortcd to in order to increase the» probabilities of bucccss. Inquiries have been instilutcil by Mr. Lawson as to w-hcthcr it ««-ill not lie pos- sible to charge oniy one fee for several ap- plications, and whether, by establishing a system of registration of approved appli- cants, the necessity for mote than one in- vestigation of an applicant's claims will bo obviated. A conference of departmental officers, consisting of the secretar)' for Lands (Mr. Miicgibhon), the surveyor-general (Mr. Reed), the chief clerk (Mr. W. H. Gregson), the district officers of the occupation branch, anil the officer in charge of the in- quiry- branch, will inquire into what means can be adopted townrda simplifying the pro- cedure, and will furnish a report lo Mr; Lawson on the subject. . ? . YAERAM PARK ESTATE Denn)s Lase elles Limited (in conjunction with Messrs Young Bros and T II Laidlaw and Co ) report the pile on nccount of the trustees of the late fair John Duncan, South Austmhu of the Yarram Park "(.state in tie Glenthompson district, compnsmg 22,808 lire» freehold land 13 071 sheep, 110 cattle, and 41 horses plant, and furniture at a satisfuctor) ¡ince, to Mr h C Cobbold, of Queensland AMERICAN LANDSEEKERS TATURA, rucsdn) -The party of .men can landseekcrs who have just completed a tour of the northern irrigition arcas «vere greatly taken with the Ardmona fruit settle ment, situated in the Rodnc) district One of the visitors declared that he had never sein such i prosperous settlement m all his travels He declared that the Ardmona land was tdmirabl) suited for oranges and lemont, and was surprised that this class of fruit ««as not more largelj grown in the valle) The land at Girgirrc ind throughout Rodncj was considered to be superior in quality to un) thing the visitors bud seen in California UNCOMPLETED PURCHASE. SETTLERS' UNLUCKY. POSITION. DUBBO (N.S.W.); Tucsda'y.-An indig- nation meeting was held at Wongarbon yesterday to 'protest against thé" tardiness of the Minister for Lands (Mr. Trefle) in completing the purchase of Messrs. O'Brien Bros.' estate ' in the, district under the Closer Settlement Promotion Act. It »vas pointed out by the speakers that nearly 12 months ago the Advisory Board approved of the purchase of the estate on terms agreed upon by the vendors and pur; chasers, but the money was not forthcoming to Messrs. O'Bnen, who could hardly be blamed in demanding that they lie paid or that the- settlers, should quit their farms. Messrs. O'Brien bud given notice to quit to the settlers. Mr. Henry, one of the pur- chasers, «aid that he had brought his stock and plant .ill .the way from \ lt'toria. He had made a lot of improvements, and had wa.ted a year. Now lie was to« be evicted, anti hu could not blame the O'Brien Bros. They were dcpiivcd of the use of the land. A deputation was appointed to »»"ait on the Minister-and mge the immediate ad- vance of the money for the purchase of the estate. 