THE BOY SCOUTS ASSOCIATION, INCORPORATED. OFFICIAL GAZETTE. —English Scouts.— The Scout Immigration Commission has received a notification from the State Im migration Department that the patrol of English scouts who were to arrive by the steamer Commonwealth are having pas sages arranged for them in the Geelong. The latter1* departure has heen delayed and -the probable date of the arrival of the boys cannot bo definitely seated. — International Correspondents.- - The editor of the official magazine for the Boy Scouts of America has eoramuni -_ted with the General Secretary. apd .isked for the appointment of an official '?cont scribe' for South Australia. He would be required -m. send n regular tuonthlv letter 'to New York, and forward photographs of the wort In return it : i tlie intention of Uie American editor to ?«»nrl official correspondencft reguliirly to Sooth Australia, tor publication. —A Regiatrai- Wanted.— For a considerable time the inspecting officer for South Australia has been engaged in preparing suggestions for further im provements in Mcout administration. He lias had occasion to -!raw attention to the multifarious duties of the Oener.il Secre tary, which are so arduous that he needs ?Co be relieved of certain work. It is recom mended that an officer should be appointed :i* Registrar, and lie responsible for the keeping of afl records aud regifltratious. It is hoped the executive, will promptly ap prove of the idea. ' j — Danish Bor Scouts.— | There are approximately 15,000 scouts in Denmark. Copenhagen find the vicinity alone have close updn 3,000. As in other Scandinavian countries, the movement is ! pen'erou% supported, and everywhere the I ivork of the leaders is appreciated. King : Christian is a warm friend of scouting, and ( when his two sons, Frederick and Kneed, flaked if they might join he readily con- 1 fented. The King was particularly anxious ' that hie sons should be treated as scouts only when in the service*, and this the I Fconhnaster of the troor/to which they| ?belong has rigidly done. Fortnnately the liovs are anxious to prove in every way pos sible that they are good scouts. — Firefighting Heads the List.r From a rough calculation the National Headquarters of the Boy Senate of America have' discovered that firefighting seems to provide the lads more opportunity For showJBg their courage qnd efficiency than, any other phase of the work. — The Indian Sign Iangnage.— Ernest Thompson Seton, Chief Scoot for America, has compiled a pook on the In dian' sien language tor the use of Bconts. ' gome time ago he stated that the language was the rxjst fom of communication among scouts. It is claimed that it can put Es peranto in the shade, aa it is simplicity itself, and readily learnt The inspecting officer has written the American Chief Scout to ascertain more folly the methods edepted Tor teaching this language, so that South Australians nay have ?.n opportunity of acquiring the art of 'talking' by means of signs. —Promotions.— Rose Park Troop.— Cpl. langwood Smith to lie leader; Sconta Lavis and Guenther to be corporals. -HConuniasioner for Emigration.^ Following npon the appointment of a' Commissioner for Irmnisrration in South Australia hy the State Council, the Head quarters Council in London has appoin-ed , Mr. A. G. Burchardt-Asbton as Commas- ; *ioner for Emieration. Hia duties are to assist-scouts who- intend to emigrate, and he cives them advice on assisted passages, qualifications necessary, ihe kind of work available, and the terms on which the colonial Governments are prepared to aa fist. — Fire Brigade Commisioner.— Capt. L. de L. Wells, late Chief of the London Fin Brigade, has been appointed Commissioner for fire Services at head quarters, London. -Silver Wolf.— The new regulations governing tie award ? of the much coveted 'silver wolf' are not . by any means favoured by scoutmasters in ; England. Local ecoutmasterp and exc- : cntive officers do not^like the alterafciona either, and from the opposition shown j there arc strong reasons why the old regu- ' lalaons should be reverted to. _ Why new : rnles were made governing this asrard is j a mystery which only authorities at headr i -inarters can solve. — Headqoarters Gazette.— Despite the fact 'that a great deal of snb jecfi matter has been sent to Londgn for publication in The Headquarters Gazette, 5t has practically always been 'crowded I nut,' and relatively unimportant British ix-ssesaona are given half a 'page to them fdves. In the imierim we must posseaj «-nr scoots in patience, and eventually be rewarded by seeing neirs from South Aus tralia in print. —Troop Reports.— — Ruee Park.— Four reemirs have recently been enrolled. Two liiiTB come from England and two are sturdy young Australians. The trooproom, which is ertuatrd at tlw Mayor of Xorwood's rcadence, ! IVarrinuiU. has been the Mene of reneww) acti- ! rities lately. Reoonnaisancc. preparation, ! tearine; of despatches, and engineering work are »1) txang carefullv studied. —1st Troop, Tailem Bond.— On Friday, April 11, the troop held their first animal business meeting. They are in a more ??ttlnl slate, am] are taking . keener interest in iThms and drills. Troop personnel (Cuckoo ' 1'itrol onlv) :— Clement lb«on (Treasurert, Edwin .Mills,. Jamre Tiller (Secretarj-). Phillip Critcbley, l;rie Mason, Jack Innea, William Test*row, Sjmuel TcsterQW, and Hoy William). \Se luve veiired tlm service of Mr. E. Bates, who will I ir4n'rt tlio boys in ajralliiiij. We an- com- j tnenuinir next nvek a phjiiual culture class, and Kith this ;ird preparation far a pincerl an.1 -Ts- I ?play \w. fhall be fully oonipied during the wiu trr month?. ? 