' Gbnaral Newa. Cobram Fire Brigade ball uie, place oil Wednesday, 21at May; ' . The Tabba Farmers' Union at Jast meeting; presented ah illuminatel address to the -president (Jlr .E j c/uinmins; as a loiten of esteem and a mark of goodwill ou the occasion of bis recent marririgo. At the annual meeting of the Numurkah Agricultural and Pastoral Association the balance sheet showed the society, to be in a good position The election resulted President Mr C. 'J1. Trengrovc ; vice- presidents' Messrs F. G.. Sleep and G. Fowler. ' "Speaking as a practical farmor and one who knows the agricultural coii- ditious throughout the world, I Bay that the capacity of Australia is very little realised at home or elsewhere. Vast as may be your city, splendid as may be your commercial resources, it is to Llie man on the land that vou must really look for your wealth and your atrength. People the laud, bring people to your land, and so grow worthy of the destiny which this vast country offers -to you."— Sir Rider Haggard at Syduey. The State Government is eudeavor. ing to arrange another excursion of 'American land seekers to Victoria to leave San Francisco about Novem ber next. It is found, however, that there is a difficulty in fixing a date suitable for all those who have ex pressed their williugness to participate in such a trip. However, the Miuisicr controlling immigration intends to make an effort to get together of from 100 to 200 Americans, for he is con vinced that an excursion such as that arranged last year is of practical value, not only as a means of inducing the excursionists themselves to settle here, but also- from au advertising point of view. Of the 40 American fanners who visited this State about a year ago 13 purchased farms, aud are now reported to bo doing well. The probable date for tlio lioldino of the Legislative Council elections is the 6Lb June. According to the Act members of the Council should hold otlije for six years, and uuder a slrict interpretaation the elections this year cannot be held until a day subsequent to that on which they took place six years ago. These elect ions were held ou 4th June. The difficulty has arisen this year that the Federal electious are to take pi 'Ce a few days before. This is considered likely to reduce whatever public interest the Council electious might in o diuary circum stances excite, an 1 any reduction is felt to bo undesirab'e Another littlo difficulty is that the ballot boxes are for the use of Comnionweath aud Slate, aud if the elections do clash, as it appears they must do, the Stats electoral officers will be faced with a pleasant problem of a minor charac ter. It is notorious that Victoria's Licenses Reduction Board has im proved the "tem|»erance" aspect of social life by closing up unnecessary hotels, and those conducted iu an unpleasant, undesirable aud some times illegal manner; that it is. in fact, doing more satisfactory work in one year than a dozen cold, tea funaties could do in a score Yet one J C. Martin now accuses it of "buttressing the trade by providing more seductive Ileuses of entertainment. Appar ently Martin wants places like Scott's, the Orientnl, the White Hurt and Champion's wiped out, and the frowsy unkeuiptfbeersliops that used to dis grace the ' Little" city streets and lanes left untouched. At the same time, he probably wonders why fair- minded people have a whole-hearted contempt for the Wowser, and refuse to take hiin and his bowlines KerirmoU- — "Bulletin." The Minister controlling iimni"rn- tiou is coufideut that if Denmark aud Scandinavia are properly exploited a class of immigrant urgently needed in the country distrutsof Victoria could he induced to come out to this State. Some time ago a large number of copies of a locally published Danish pa per, containing articles descriptive of the resources of Victoria, was sent to Denmark for distribution iu the agricultural districts. Mr Hagel- thoru is anxious to follow up this advertising scheme by sending agents to both Denmark and -Scandinavia, eo that the immigration policy of the State may be thoroughly explained to those desiring to emigrate. It is hoped that the scheme will induce a regular stream of Danish aud Scandinavian farmers aud farm workers. The Minis ter has already interviewed several per sons bailing from the countries men tioned, who have for many years been engaged in commercial pursuits in Australia. They have great faith in this country, and would be best cal culated loimprefcstbeir fellow couulry- .vneu. A decision will be arrived at in the course of a fetv day's. The Immigration department lias received a largo number of applications from farmere requiring labor, but the supply of tluB class of workmen is becoming more limited each month. 