AGRICULTURAL K0TE8, , Stormy showcra have been the prevailing weather feature during tbe past week all round tbe coast, and extending inward in places; particularly New South Wales, Vic- toria and Tasmania. The effects of the weather on the wheat growing areas of Riverina, Victoria and South Australia are now creating -much anxiety. Already con siderable sections have ibeen injured by bail storms, and the hearer the harvest ap proaches the more dangerous does the situ ation become. Young crop3, beaten down by storms, early recover, but as they ap proach the ripening stage the dafoage that can be done becomes serious, because tlic heavier and better the crops are, the more liable are tbey to be ruined. Unless the weather becomes m'ilder and calmer be tween now. and the middle of December, the average wheat yield is likely to be re duced. Comparative ertrmaltes dealing with land areas held pifiva'tely and with the live rtoek in Victoria -as a't Mareh last and in the third- month of 1910, h'as been compiled by it-he. Government Sta'tM, Mr. A. M. Laughton, which indicate itha't land pri- vaftely -owned increased from 26,400,818 a'cres to 28,429,357 acres. There has been a subs&an;'tia-l increase in tbo number a;t each size of hoildlin'gb up to 2000 acres, a smaller increase in that of holdings be tween 2000 a'orea and 10,000 .acres; but a decrease, in each, si1 Of holdings of over 10,000 acres. The omci'al tabulation relat ing to live sto'ek dhows blialt during the period -mentioned the number of horses and pigs increased, bu!t (ow-ing to adverse weather in the autumn of 1912) that of calttle an'd sheep .moved numerically in ' an opposite diredtion. Ah inJcrete'ing propor tion- o<f the live Sto'ek in ithe State, is shown to bo on -the smaller sized holdings. The same position prevails in reghrtl to dlieep in differentt sized flocks, as it appears tha- in March ladt 40 per cent, of the dheep ir VWtoria. wero in flocks; of . up to 1000, 3; per cent, in flocks' bdtween 1000 and 5000, and 28 per .cent, in flocks of over 5000, as against corresponding percentages of 38, 31 'and 31 respectively in- March, 1910. At the end of March the dheep in Victoria numbered 11,892,224. 'When Mr. Elwood Mead, chairman of the Water Commission, offered bis resigna tion to the State Ministry some months ago; he was persuaded to reconsider his' deci sion. Mr. Mead had proposed to accept a professorship, offered . to, hjip in the Univer sity of California. - The salary attached was less than that paid to him by the Vic torian Government, but, he. explained to the Premier, the inducements were ; the return to his ,own country and the wid opportunities of educational' work. It wa arranged that lie should, give the Cabinet his final decision at the .end of this men' h Ministers now state that it is expected tha' Mr. Mead Will remain in this State. He- had stated in reply to questions that he thought he would stay in Victoria. In submitting his report to the directors, Mr. Refshauge, principal of. the' Ballarat Agricultural High School, suggested that something should .be' done with a view of increasing the number of Ballarat students. Of the 23.'. farm' students: at -present en rolled, 21 were from distant parts' of the' Western district'."'-1 Mr/ J.--A: -M'Neil, ex- mayor of Ballarat East,, said it-was no' use expecting to get farm students when -the Government faiied to make the land avail able to the people. The majority of; parents were nowadays giving their , children a tech nical training to make them school teach ers. The land was locked up. Mr. A. M. Greenfield, president, said the strong man would go on buying out the weaker man. Hundreds of "wasters" were going up to New South Wales, and ..these would riot be missed. New South Wales was only too glad to have these so-called -"wasters." They were going out of their way to at-, tract Victorian - farmers; Mr? Befshaugo suggested that the course be cut down to a year, and thus restrict the students to a practical training in farming, Mr. Crock er, ex-moyar of Ballarat city, said he knew a boy who had found it cheaper to go to Dookie than to the Ballarat'school. : Mr. Refshauge admitted that that was'probably correct. The difficulty, was. however, that many Ballarat people' could' conveniently send; their boys to the local agricultural college,' but did not do so. As to the power of resumption of Crown lands, in the absence of tbe Minister' of Lands, through illness, none of the State Ministers appears to be qualified to giye a. satisfactory explanation of the supposed flaw in malice agricultural leases. It lias been, pointed out that under the title .issued for mallee lands the Government re tains the power of resumption without compensation. The encumbrance is not in cluded in the clear ' title, but it is the opinion of solicitors that the provision still -holds good, and that the Crown may resume at any time. This view is declared by officials of the Lands department to bo inaccurate. With the issue of the Crown grant, they declare, the conditions of the lease become void, and are no longer in force. In the lease it is set out that no claim for ' compensation shall be raised by the lessee if any portion of the land be re quired for water supply and irrigation works, reservoirs, dams, races, water courses or drains, railways or public roads. It is remarked by officials that the value of a block would be 'so far increased by the construction of a railway Hue, a road or an irrigation channel that the average settler would welcome the resumption of a portiori for that purpose. An encouraging report has been received by the immigration authorities concerning the operations of the Victorian agent in Denmark and Scandinavia. Although it Is soane time since Mr. Olaf Lassen, was ap pointed to represent Victoria in the coun- tries mentioned, very few i migrants have come from this source, but tbe latest ad vice .from Lnndon states that probably tr.thwi tbe next few months a contingent .P1 Danes and Scandinavians will sail direct for this -State. A vigorous ad vertising campaign is now being pursued in Denmark, Sweden and Norway. Advei> tiBcmeifts -conveying an idea of the agri cultural resources of Victoria have been inserted in the newspapers. These have caused many inquiries , to be made, and present .indications point to the conclusion that m time many of the desirable class of Danish fanners .will/be induced to traus- fer their energies to this country. Concerning the complaints of seepage in the Merbein irrigation district, Mr. J. S. Dethridge, of the Water Commission, wlio has -returned from a visit of inspection to the ai'ca affected, states that he has made a careful inquiry, and had , found evidence of seepage in only a few isolated instances. In the rich mallee soil it was to be re garded as an almost inevitable feature of irrigation, and the settlers had no cause for alarm. 'Hie seepage affected only a small area, and would bo dealt with readily. It was satisfactory to the com mission, he added, to note the progress which had been made. in the Merbein set tlement. During the past year a large amount of channel lining had been carried out, and channel extensions 'had been made to provide for subdivisions. During bis visit he was struck by the flourishing ap pearance of -the district. A severe bail storm had recently visited the district, but as it travelled over a narrow track it had not affected the area very : considerably, although a few of the settlers had suffered rather severely. In view of the progress of tlie settlement, it was .intended by the commission to throw open':. a hew area of land for settlement,- and it was expected that there would be a demand lor the block's. ', ' ' " ' ;/- A rcnort by tbe Auditor-General of Queensland on tlie central sugar mills is of interest owing to tilie. light thrown upon co-opcrative effort' in that industry. Four of the nine mills erected under the Sugar Works Guarantee Act are in the hands of the Government, as the surrounding growers were unable to provide the neces sary capital. A tabulated comparison of the cost of production at tbe different mills shows wide differences, ranging from a profit of 3/7 to a loss of 8/8 per ton of cane. The crop of the year covered by tbe accounts was tthe smallest since 1003, owing almost entirely to weather . condi tions. Mills that -were continually stopped for lack of cane were at a great disad vantage as compared with those that en joyed a regular supply. It is pointed out that the mills which paid the highest price for cane were by no means those making tlhe lowest profit. The object of a cen tral sugar mill is not to build up big prof its, but to distribute to the growers for whose benefit sricli mills have been estab lished tlie fullest possible share of the actual , value of their cane. Expenses of the mills are largely affected by the quality as well as by tlie quantity of cane handled. After a few years the best cane is liable to show depreciation in saccharine con tents, and farmers do not seem to realise the fact that as between cane requiring 10 tons to the ton of «ugar and that which takes 8 tons only, there is an important difference when costs of production are estimated. - Tlie report's of . a, dwindling supply of meat in America is supported -hi' the latest Government sta'tisrics. Since 1907 the num ber of beef ida't'ble in the United States 'has decreased from 51,505,000 to 30,030,000, and the . number of sheep from 53, 240, 000 to 51,480,000. In the tame period bhe popu lation of bhe country has increased by 10,000,000. The price -of fat cattle in Chicago in tlie same six years increased mere than 50 per eeriT. The possibility o'f a irieat fa- mine has been brought before the notice of the American people by the pro ceedings of the A-merrean Meat Paekeis' Association in annual convention at Chicago. An almost alarmist note was Sounded by m'any members of bhe associa tion. In an endeavor, to check bhe decrease, an the ca'ttlc supply, 'the -convention voted h fund df £100,000' to -bo expended in "educating" the farmers to a knowledge of the profits awaiting thorn if they raise more cattle. The nfonc-y is to be spent in five annual portions of £20,000 each, strictly in a -campaign -of education among the farmers. . Farm yard manure making possibilities are indicated in the fact that a cow is' esti mated to yield 22 lb. urine and 55 lb. solid matter daily. In the open yard more straw is used in making up the manure heap than under cover. 