,.'MjITEEATURE. ' '. — « — : j — SOME NEW BOOKS. . ''AnraaRNAJTIONAL ARBITRATION. ' /Arbitration in International disputes as a tncians of avoiding tho grim alternative of war, iwlth- Its 'fearful toll of human life and treasure, fcas attracted humanitarians in all ages, and iicnco : "Armaments and Arbitration," tho new woTk by Captain Mahan, tho well- known writer on naval subjects, possesses timely in terest, not merely from tho character of the subject itself, but also because of tho weight and, authority attaching to the author's name iwhen ho deals with this and kindred ques tions. - Captain Mahan is an argumentative icritic, and for this reason what over ho jwrites commands attention, whether one agrees iwith it or not Hence, when in this book — which comprises 10 articles contributed, nHth ono avannflnn fn tho ,rNnrlVi AmoHwin He view" during tho years 1911 and 1912 — he concludes that arbitration is defective, tho reader may bo quite sure that ha adopts this Altitude from conviction. At the same time, one finds it difficult to fol low, "the author all the way in his deductions. Is bo not, lor example, assuming far more than is Orananted when he lays down tho principle lhat- the Court of Arbitration must be governed «o rigidly by the inexorable principles of inter- national laws that it would be unable to take Official cognisance of tho Monroo Doctrine? Rc- flrfewlng the reported project for the sale of a Danish Island In the West Indies to Germany, ICaptaln Mahan dcclarek that this sale could not have been prohibited by tho Court, though (contrary to the Monroe Doctrine, sinco the lat ter, though wise and imperative in the national interests, is not a law. But why circumscribe ...in, nt (hn in this WSV? SUTClV it might he vested with tho right which somo les sor tribunals already possess, to review the facts, as well as to interpret the law, especial ly In so' momentous an affair as a dispute be tween two nations. The authority which con stitutes a judicial bench may endow It with any (tower it pleases. Following the line of reasoning ho has marked out for himself, the author builds up an ela borate superstructure to show how arbitration iwould have operated in several given in stances.,' A Court, he argues, could not have sllovred : England to interpose in South Africa, or permitted America to take Cuba from Spain, or sanctioned the occupation of Rome by Italy. ; That is to say, it would have , been bound Dy rigid law- to decide against all of these acts. However, he hastens to disclaim the alterna- . jtive thnf "might makes right," though he main tains: that .the existence of might "is no mere tasual attribute, but tho indication of quali- " ties which should, as they assuredly will, make X- their way to tho front and to tho. top in the relations of States." . Captain Mahan, it is to bo noted, presumes that, the object of the friends of arbitration is to attack, not necessarily armamont, but diplo macy. .Ono1 is not sure how far tho majority of. them will agree in this view. It has always beon .'the, popular belief that sinco they wore actuated by a desiro to save the world from the ' . hideous tragedies of tho battlefield, thoy had no Objection' at all to the bloodless art of dip- lomacy— that, An fact, tney welcomed it likely to.: avert war,, and thus attain tho very itm they themselves had in view. Captain Hahan; it is curious to observe, claims a wider Hoflnltion of . 'fwar" than that which is popu larly accepted. It is in modern conception and giractice, "business, not fighting," he writes, It Is carrying a point through the opponent's eonse of inability to resist! The less the fight ing, tho better the business." So that, accord-: ' tng to this' definition, diplomacy is war. Bui Ihls is merely: arguing at cross-purposes, since the advocates of arbitration, when they protest i against war, mean something entirely different. i On the other hand, the author makes a strong, j point for his own .case when he contends 'that I (diplomacy will fail more readily. if ono of tho I parties imagines that it will gain substantially by insisting on arbitration. A Power which arohld agree to terms if the alternative were iwar, would, it is easy to perceive, persist in: disagreement if the next stage were, instead of An appeal to .the sword, a discussion in the Serene atmosphere of a Court. 'The wholo trend of Captain Mahan's argu ment is that the relations of independent States to each other aro not susceptible of full estab lishment, or of necessary adjustment from time \- t imn 'upon a basis of- law— partly because law, whatever the method of its development,- Whether by custom or statute, cannot.be so ' systematised beforehand as to cover all cases, and -partly because it may bo outgrown by un foreseen conditions or gradual changes of con- BitionS. Ono of the chapters most interesting to Australian readers is that in which ho dis- cusses the Panama Canal and its effect upon! sea power in the Pacific. He writes,.: inter Alia:— ...- . ' !- - ; -The most immediate, the foremo'st; question of the 'Pacific, as affecting sea power, is the Ut Ult) UUIV U, VUtAUll iUglUUO, ; our own Pacific coast, with that of the British Empire in Canada and in Australasia, by a 'population of European derivation. It is most . , desirable that . such immigration should be from Northern Europe, because there is found the stock temperamentally most consonant to the -local institutions; but from whencesoever icoming,. immigrants to all the regions named- will find awaiting them settled forms of go vernment, differing from one another much in, details and somewhat in views, but all derivod : ultimately from - the traditional ideals which we ''/ hcall Anglo-Saxon, to wlilch we who have '. In herited them ' are . apt -to attach peculiar/value end virtue. -Let us not forget that the roots . can be traced to the old days when tho Angles ,und .the -Saxons really dwelt on the east-side of tho North Sea, before they found a new' home : : In England. Thus long continuity of existence, power of development, faculty .to adapt them selves to many .differing circumstances of on- I vironment, as well, as to abBorb and:.to asslmi— I late alien elements, have given a. proof of their, excellence more decisive than .the .perhaps too partial estimate: of those who. live, under them. : -Sea power, ho points out, depends ultimately Upon population, and the groat , effect of tho ' - Panama Canal will ho the indefinite strength- 1%J. ')ening of Anglo-Saxon institutions ' upon the £orth-east shores of tho Pacific, from Alaska >' to Mexico, by tho increase of inhabitants and , consequent increases : of shipping and com-, Inerce. In the developed power , of Pacific Ame- ,-f?| rica,» including Canada, Australia in the future \- I JwRl find tho great significance of the Panama -Canal. "After a seeming attempt to .coddle -the' labor question, to sustain high wages by discouraging immigration," he writes, "Aus tralia is awaking to the untenable and perilous " situation in which a people is placed when ..McUn, 4-sv Vinl/1 n rrrnn f InhnpllftllPO whlfh it PCCblUb tu uutu neither occupies nor by numbers can develop." Hence ho finds it "significant of tho future that tho first care of a Labor Ministry has boon to provide an fefflcient military organisation, ,Bpd to entertain measures for the development of a railway system which shall minister not 'only to economical development but to na tional military security." Tho chapter in approval of tho methods of .Instruction followed at the Naval TVor College, 'f and that In which Captain Mahan replies to. . .'Mr.: Norman Angoll's "Great, Illusion,".- are other features of tho book. He claims that Mr. 'Angell has misinterpreted the motives for war, And' that "to regard the world as governed by \- self-interest only is to llvo in a non-existent /u iiworld,: an ideal world, a world possessed, by an f -.ldoa much less worthy7 than those which man- ',« kind/to -do it bare justice, persistently euter- ' tains." Published by- Harper Bros., New \--'.v -Sork and London. Our copy from Angus, and Robertson. 