-She world. % M Forty men have been entombed in a colliery explosion in America. Twosnake charmers fatally bitten in Australia during the past week. An outbreak of pleuro-pneumonia in cattloTias occurred at Islington. Che New South Wales election ended in favor of the Labor Party. : A riyer flood in Queensland was responsible for. the drowning of four women. . Suffragettes made an attempt to blow up a wall of the Holloway gaol, England. The steamer Ballarat, which arriv ed last week, brought 950, immigrants to Australia. Public exhibitions of flying are to be given in Adelaide on Saturday and Monday next. - . The Senate has censed the Prime Minister for his comments on khat House's actions. Mr. Edgar Waite, of New Zealand, has been appointed. director of the Adelaide Museum. . It is stated mom Germany that 'there will be no German court at the Panama exhibition. China has entered into contract negotiations - for the construction of 800 miles of railway. The New Zealand waterside strike is all over and work was resumed &om;^ Friday afternoon last. has been declared by tKk British 'Local Government Board to havk^ual nutritive value to but ter. ' ' ^ • Owing to the collapse of a railway tunnel in Germany, a train was burned, five persons killed and many injured. '"• ••' '• v. Since the withdrawal o! British support of the friepdly tribes of SomdUland, dreadful atrocities are reported. Amumber of "sweated"sovereigns have been detected in circulation during the past week or two - in Adelaide. The appearance of the first lady lawyer (Miss A. Brennan) in a court case in Australia took place last week in Victoria. - V • A Russian has offered '55,000 gns. for the English racehorse Lemberg. The offer; which constitutes a record, was hafusecL . > . Cyclonic weather hasbeen experi enced in Ceylon. Railway traffic is disarranged, and, in all, eleven people lost theirlivps, . Mr. ^amsbotham, Coromonwealth is at present ip South Anstaalia, enquiring into and inspecting lighthouses. A fine of £10, reduced to £2, was imposed on a Bundle street east shop keeper for displaying lor sale inde cent post cards. •• - The first prosecution in Melbourne for wearing unprotected hatpins, took, place last week. . Fine and costs amounted to £116/-. The fund for the purchase of the Crystal Palace, London, for presen tation to the nation has now reach ed the required amount{£230,000). The Federal select committee appointed to enquire into the powell ising process on railway sleepers has been constituted a royal commission. The New Zealand strike was ex tended to Melbourne, stevedores re fusing on Friday of last week to un load a steamer loaded by " seab" labor. A deal in London property total ling about £9,000,000, has just taken place.' Mr. H. Mallaby-Deeley Is the purchaser and the Duke of Bedford the seller. A heavy waterspout in Western Australia, in which two inches of rain fell in 20 minutes, delayed the goldfields- express for 8 hours on Thursday of last week. The Boers have unveiled a memor ial to the women and children who died in the concentration camps dur ing the Boer war: The monument is 115ft. high, and is erected near the railway between Capetown and Kimberley. The latest mail advices announce that a Danish lady has. passed e<n ex amination and secured a master mariner's certificate, and will shortly take over, the duties of master Of a 3000-ton steamer. Quite re cently, too, came the news from America that a lady was actually acting in a like capacity on board an American - owned vessel. Of course, we have had the lady doctor on -board ship, even in Australian waters, whilst in the time of stress cases are known where a lady has assisted in : actual navigation of a ^vessel, but the two cases quoted are the first in the history of shipping where females have deliberately set out to make a career in practical seafaring. . 