TÜÜÍ ¿>u nia J.jx&pti.; i* O. lü.'D. Meares; elenora! Manager of tho Coastal "Fanners''; Co-op. Society,' ar rived in lasmore yesterday, rand- as" the butter; marget, abroad and .locally bas been somewhat a puzzle for some time a" repre sentative of the ,"Btar'!. waited on aim with1 tue objecting of obtaining his views I upon" this and otner, mattem , relating to the butter trade generally.";; "";; - :. Asked how it was that the export closed so suddenly Mr, Mearos said that with tho advent of tho cold' weather generally a fort night ago export to Great Britain.sudden ly stopped, and as our. supplies continue to decrease thc market will-advance to tho usual winter lovel.' The .population of " this State, both. by natural increase, and immi gration, ls advancing at tho rate of about 80,000. per annum, aud, despite, tho good productive autumn experienced, thero is overy prospect ol satisfactory, prices ruling this winter. '. " The increase .of tho. popula tion and tho " demand ' in. the . .Western States will-also bo a factor overy winter in strengthening the position of our mar ket. . --; :.? ???. ? ' irow has the export- season Just closed resulted, for the Australian producer ? Although tho Australian- producers lost 10s per hundredweight on tho London mar ket this season, replied Mr. Meares, owing to the much increased output of butter sub stitutes on the market, the factories have reason to bo well satisfied with results, more particularly with tho manner in -which prices wore regulated within , the State from October last year-to date.- 'A'number of factories and somo firms, which have hitherto boen- opposed to " tho policy of direct oxport Joined hands with the rest last year, and all who- consigned ito- Lon don in lieu of selling hero have no cause to regret it, as ; thero will bo no I reclamations. When the last returns come to hand tho nott results should be in favor of all those who embraced tho policy, of retaining the full control of their produce.' Tho Danish market being controlled to.tho last selling stage by . thc owners' hoe not consequently suffered, in .any way .at- tho ? hands of the blenders . or . margarine manu facturers. On tho contrary, prices . wore - well held, and the gap between Danish and Colonial butter has, therefore, been mater ially widened, the difference varying from 10s to IBa per cwt. - Unless tho ."Austral ian producers through their various organ- , isations, in sorao manner consolidate ~ their I forces and demand legislative protection from the British* Government, then the same, or'evon greater, difference in.prices . between tho two butters may bo looked for next year. ' -.- '- . . ' .How is the system of charging for .boxes and cartage working in Sydney 7 "'."? ' . Mr, Meares's'àid çome of tho "larger gro cers ' were still keenly combating the" com- " bined charge for boxes and cartago, and - ono. in particular .'ls.making special tempt ing overtures to factories for tho -direct ; supply of butter.; . If directors-of factorr ' les are; foolish; enough, to "go behind^, the _. back of' the co-pperatlv'o, work, which' has taken so many yoars to upbuild, they may rest assured that , if this move. on behalf of thc grocers sdeceeds then the combined charge will- immediately break down. This, ¡ of course; is-the" object which: the" grocers.; have in view. ? * " ¡.',. - ' ". ; ?'.', 