1 IMMIGRATION. , SECURING FARM LABORERS. j RATES FOR NOMINATED I \- PASSENGERS. Profiting' by experience, tho Immigration 'I department proposes to adopt a new m:- J ttiod in regard to the importation of lan.i I labor. While a percentage of the farm jl workers' who came out irom wngiami ws, year was suited for the -work, there were many .whose knowledge of agriculture did , not extend beyond that necessary to super vise a. back yard vegetable garden. 'Jlnec. latter evidently : deceived , the immigration officers iri London, but when they 112011111 here and were sent to farms in the coun try their, inexperience and physical defi ciencies were/ to say' the least, distressing. These unfortunates, who have had to re turn. to the city arid accept employment as "boots," kitcheumeii, &c.;, -are a poor ad vertisement for' the' immigration system generally.' " A few days ago oae of them called at the ' Immigration office and tear fully asked for a return passage to Eng land. .He' was a broad-shouldered, soft- '-featured mriri.'WvitUi'an obvious. iLsh'so be .work, '"/He told- too ofifaersythat i;c v.-.s ill,, and wished' to return to iris fvi.nds. Instead of/being giv.en a passigc, boueicr. lie was fotirid anqtlier '30b less ardtiuus tiiaif the- one lie had just loft, There ave otlicrs of -this stamp among tho new arri vals,, and iL in the, intention of the Minis ter controlling immigration to reorganise the London olnce so that men ot tlie ne it- do-well class will riot .be sent out to tliis country nt the expense of the Siaic. Air. Hagelthorn 1ms caused a circular to-be sent .to farmers throughout the St..ti soliciting information as to their labor ie- quironjeiils for. the enrront year. With a view to procuring farm1 labor of a m to experienced and satisfactory kind, lite Go vernment contemplates an extension oi immigration operations to European coun tries other than Great Britain. Already efforts are being made to induce farm workers in Denmark and Scandinavia to come out to this "country. It is bclicvrd that' the Scandinavians and' Danes would be suited to Victorian conditions, and an , asset to the fnrming community. It, how- t ever, it is possible . to secure tuilabie Bri- , tisliers, the department will gi>.c them p c- feronce, for above anything it does not ) want", to be elmrgcrl with having mi-: patriotic/motives. The. "Danish Govern- ! merit dues its beat io discourage cmigm- ; tion, and the immigration officers who will j shortly visit that country will neccs-ariiy , have tq operate quietly. . Another feature, of the Govei mncut'i i future immigration policy is the new ar- ( 1 arigcinent which will permit of friend) 1 and -relatives of conntrv settlers coming to i this country at- reduced rates. The depart-; inent, It'qwcver, intends to discotrazc tba ! importation of persons -who prefer to re- :! una in in the cities rather than go to (ho ; country districts. The reduced rates ate I as Follow:— . . . 1 ''or wives' ami oauglitcrs over 12 years of age jl dir t amount) . £t I FCr husbands and sons over 12 years of age I (net amount) .. .. .. .. ..' .. £3,1 For others .. .. ., £10 I Half fares are charged for children tc- jl twecn 3 nrid 12 j-enrs of age travelling with I .their patonts, while one eliild under three ,1 years may -travel free. For more than cnijl child under three years qiiarler fares aie.l .Charged. The Alinister, however, is Jiar- ;| ticnlarly. anxious for country residents to il nominate their, relatives and frierds, end -I -lie lias issued, a circular letter, stating tfaijl hc.wiil be- prepared to give special ccnido-il \- raticn - to .nominations from the country- I „ : fotu.reT.arrivals. i The -Immigration department 011 Satnojl day received il (cablegram from tiie latril don office stating that the P. and 0. Co.'i| brarich line steamer , Balinrat had sailed fl on 23fd January with 84 new settlers for Victoria. The number is made up as fo!;l lows:— Ten fa'nm workers, representing. I'M persons; 3 farm settlers (0 peraons), witiH £1250 capital: 2 nominated passengers 48 domestics, 9 "assisted" passengera arijl 2 lads. Tlie' Bnllarat will arrive about &W; beginning of Alarch.. |l 