TOPICS OF THE DAY EXIT THE MORETON BAY FIC ' 'TREE. . \- Ytiarfi ago when the city fathers de cided to beautify tte, crty by planting trees-along the streets and in die squares those wtrrthies da their ignorance cho6e tie Horetort Bay fig for a number of localities. ' Apparently the trouble to as certain . the eSect of. root growth upon the surrounding boil dings and footpaths was not taken. Time has shown what a ruinous efiect the huge "roots have had, and one by one the Trees iave been re moved. " Now it is proposed to root up those remaining in the squares. The town clerk of Adelaide <Mr. EUery) re ported at the meeting of the Itaikets and Parks Committee of me City Coun cil on Monday that the cost of removing the trees bordering the main paibs of Wellington, Hurtle, T»n^marst<l Whit more, and Light squares and replacing same with other teees would be £100. The committee's recommendation that :the. work.:: should be carried loot, and be spread over a period of three years, [.and that Victoria e^uafe be included, [ was adopted. AN OBJECTIONABLE BUILDING ' *£he robbish destructor is not. popular . vi£b. residents in ite neighborhood in tact it is decidedly "objectionable, and the unplfiaBant odors that ooatimially emanate from it, besides &e; fine dust winch setftes over booses and everything therein fer a ffadiueof some chains on all sides of it, Tender life in the vicinity iraidly worth living,. Had the City Coun cil's suggestion that the destructor be placed on the site of-4ine present stock , markets been axAed upon the romance Would have been minimised to a great extent. At the meeting of the committee of the Adelaide Local Board of Health on Monday a petition signed by 64 residents in the -vicinity of the destracSor com plaining <jf £he nuisance, and reports bom the city engineer and the medical officer of h^a.lt.h thereon, were consid ered. Th« committee recommended that the work of enclosing a further area of vacant 'land between the ■tar-mixing plant and 'the destructor skips, and the cover ing of the open tops ofthe tar tanks, be carried out at an estimated cost of £320, and that the work be began immediately. It is intenSed to increase the height of a portion of "the rear fence- If this is done it is stated that the dost nuisance mil be reduced. The report of the com mittee was adopted, so presumably the residents can look forward to a lessen ing of tiie nmsance. TROUBLE OVER A TENDER jA. fortnight ago the City Council ac cepted thfi tender of the Misses Dodd and McMullen for a three years' lease of the Elder Kiosk. Yesterday the resolu tion was, on the motion of Alderman Prosser, rescinded, the motion being car ried on the casting vote of the mayor Alderman Cohen and Councillor Lundie counselled wisdom in the matter, and the latter expressed surprise at the ac tion of the mayor in voting as he did. "We are acting like a. lot of school chil dren," he disgustedly exclaimed, "com ing here one week -and accepting a ten der, and rescinding the motion a fort night later." The reason of the rescission was an informality in the tender, it not being signed by the tenderers. The mo tion having been, carried, members wasted some more time discussing whether they •wonld call for tendem for a three or five jeans' lease, and finally decided to make it three years. RATING AT GLENELG A special meeting of the Glenelg Towu Council was held on Saturday oven ing Co take into consideration the allotment of rates for the current year. . There were present—the mayor (Hem. W. B. Rounsewell), Aldermen Percrval, Broom head, StacCaUum, Soward, Councillors Cocker, Mack, Pickup, Bird], and Wes ton. The chairman of the finance com mittee <Alderman Soward) stated that tht> committee was of opinion- that it would be advisable to levy a special rate of id. in the pound to increase the amount raised for payment of the police and fire brigade -moieties. It wouid be necessary to call a meeting of ratepayers-, and ob tain their sanction for the proposed in crease, and he had every confidence that they would -willingly agree to it. On behalf of the finance committee he sub mitted the following resolutions:—"That this council of the Corporation of Glenelg having before it the -valuation of the Commissioner of Taxes the assess ment of the ratable properties of the tows of Glenelg for the year <»-ndinp No vember 30, 1313. as prepared in accor dance with the resolution of the coun cil of July 30, 1912, does hereby adopt and confirm such valuations and assess ments totalling £48,129 annual values and £271,648 land values, and do order and declare that (the following rates shall be struck' upon laud values thereof and forthwith, levied <and collected as pro vided by the Municipal Corporation Act of 1830 and 1893, the Land Values Afi sessment Acts of 1893 and 1910 and the | Health. Act of 1838. <a) Central purposes rate of 2 l-8d. in the operand sterling; <b) a lighting, rate of 3-8d. in the -pound to be applied to and towards the lighting of (he streets and reserves of the town; <c) a sanitary-rate of 4-8d. -in the pound to be applied by the omincH as a local board of -health under <the provisions of the Health Act of 1898 to and towards [the execution of the provisions of that Act and its expenses"; <d) a special rate of 5-8d. in the powud to and towards the payment, of the police and firje brigade moieties recoverable from the t" corpora tion," Councillor Mack, in seconding, 6aid that the rates for the year would be practically the Game as in preceding years, including the special rata to meet the liability oil the Patawalonga bonds, and wliich is now ertmgrriehed. With the rapid es^ausion of the town now in progress they should initiate a pro gressive policy, and so fax as he could see increased expenditure would be ne cessary and they would have'' to make provision for meeting it. The mayor said that a policy of ■ true economy must ibe 'adhered to in order to get rid of the present overdraft. If the sum of £500 per annum {ram general revenue could be put aside for thia purpose they could restore, the 'finances to a satis factory position in three years. Alder man Pereival expressed the opinion that arrangements should be made, either by way of a loan or <rther means, or paying off the overdraft oa which a 3righ rate of interest bad to be paid to the bank. Alderman. Sowaid said he • hoped the menders of the 'public works committee would realise the urgent necessity which existed "for going slow in recommending works at the present juncture,; and that due consideration should be given to the condition of the corporation finances. Aldermen Broomhead aad HaoGallum and Councillors Birch and Pickup also supported the resolution, and it was "una nimously Resolved that the proposed rates be levied upon the assessments of the municipality of Glenelg be now confirmed slid-signed -by the mayor. It was re solved to call -a jrohJic roeetingof rate payers, on March 4 lor the purpose:of confirming or otherwise the imposition of the «pecial rate of jd. in the pound. THE PLEASURES OF BATHIN6 TJnlese the Glenelg Corporation Je pre pared to erect a good many moreecreens tor the accommodation of bathers, behind which, the -operations of dressing and un dressing may be carried out,; they may find some difficulty in enforcing the sew laws With respect to the performance of these necessary preliminaries to a. dip. The newly 'appointed beach. rangei^' was' an the carpet at the last meeting of the council, and acknowledge^ that when the dressing enclosures were crowded tie had allowed bathers -to uee the shelter eheds for the abo^named purpose, .and was then- instructed to carry out the by]:i' under which Che 'Use of the sheds under such circumstances was illegal.' The re cult of such inetra-ctiona was seen on Sunday morning when the usual crowd of bathers arrived per &Et; train for their usual Sandfly morning -bath. 1 On- the gentlemen's ^bathing reserve,, north of Pier street, the enclosure would probably accommodate 30 or 40 bathers, and as the number wishing to bathe "was" between one amd two hundred, the problem how They were to do so - without, rendering themselves liable to prosecution was a, difficult one. The ranger was there and would not allow either the -shelter sheds or the open beach to foe used for un dressing, &c;>, and the question arises— "Aqre more enclosures to be provided or must the bathers go to other seaside re sorts where such by-laws do not exist?" A great deal of indignation at the coun cil's action was expressed, and the legal ity of the course adopted by the ranger of trying to prevent sun-bathing, and to compel persons leaving the water to re turn at once to the enclosure and dress was questioned, the general opinion "Be ing that'anyone^ clothed in correct bath ing costume had every right to remain on the beach-in the bathing reserve as long as he wished to do eo. AUSTRALIAN BUTTER \- Australian ' producers are continually complaining that such a large percentage I of the buster exported to this country is ,not sold as from the country of origin, bat gets into the hands of the blenders where it altogether loses its identity, says "The London Grocer;' Beview." Theyj also complain, of the wide margin that exists between the prices of Danish and best Australian, while they contend that in actual value, especially at certain times of the year, there is really little or no difference. It would be far bet ter if they set about finding [a remedy rather than fo much continual''complain ing, as certainly there is a remedy, and' it is in their own hands. Many large retailers in the United Kingdom will not stock Australian batter, and give as a rea son. that ithey cannot rely upon getting it in a fresh condition-. . If Jiuey order a certain brand of .butter they*-: are never sure whether it is coming straightfrom the ship or whether it may bave beetn in store for five or six months in Lon don: hence they prefer to leave it alone altogether; while i4. is well known that' if they could be sure of getting fresh (ship ments they would Just as soon—and in a majority of instances sooner—buy colonial butter. The preponderance of Australian butter is shipped by co-opera itive companies. If these companies were to take some steps to see> that their but ter was distributed immediately on arri val instead of allowing it, as so many of them do, to get inio "the hands of speculator, there would then be little or no room fox the complaints we hear 60 much about. Again, to safeguard ths retailer in England it would be well for the Commonwealth Government of Aus tralia to consider the advisability of in delibly stamping the boxes with, the date of shipment, aid making it a criminal offence to remove that mark. By doing this it would prevent the speculators ex ploiting, as they at present do. the re tailers throughout the United Kingdom. "THINGS THAT ARE DARK" Printed matter to the value of £600,000 was imported into Australia last year from Japan," said Mr. G. McGowan, speaking on Sunday at the Botanic Park. Continu ing, he said:—Workmen employed in the Japanese printing factories were '.o re ceipt of from 8d to 1/ per day. None of the work was stamped with "the place of its manufacture; the Japanese were too smart for that. Some of the posters on the hoardings were made in Japan. This work was sold as Australian at Austra lian pr-ces, and the wholesale merchants reaped the profits. No wonder men were out of employment, when they had -to compete against this sort of thing. IMPORTED DRIVERS A rumor Tias gained iurrency to the effect that the Abattoirs Board intends to iD'poi^ drivers for the motor iorriess.to be tssed by the board for lie delivery <jf meat- Councillor T.nnHv assed the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. J. L. Bonyihon) —as a member of the Abattoirs Board— at thi meeting of the Adeli ie City Coue cil on Monday afternoon, if it were a fact that the hoard intended u> take such a step. He was assured that such was not the case. Pursuing his en quiries, the councillor followed up hi» first question -tvitli a query as to whether; arrangements -were being made with ftlessrs. Eyes & Crowle to import drivers. The mayor could not answer the ques tion, and a?lceri that notice should be given. DOMESTIC SERVANTS Tile Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration (Hon. F. W. Young) stated yesterday on tire return of tie Pre mier, who would make enquiries as to the. method of selection in. uh<'. United Eingdom, the question, of taking steps to ensure the 'introduction of a larger number o-f girls to fully supply the de mand for domestics would be considered. It must, however, be mentioned that about 300 giris had already been assisted to the State, an4 berths had been booked for 290 to leave England during the cur rent pear, eo that a good deal already had been, accomplished. In addition a con siderable number of girls suitable fox do mestic service had come out as nomina ted immigrants. Apart from mere num bers, the necessity of obtaining only those having characters inii qualifications to ■ensure good citizenship -could riot be over looked. As regarded wages the position might be summed up as follows:—Girls were not likely to come to South Austra lia at wages closely approximating those paid at home, and when they arrived they would be enffijoiently Tinman to ask for current wages paid . in. the State. The policy of the department was, to checu that tendency in the cases of girls more ■or less inexperienced. THE CLINCSTONE PEACH Senator Fmlavson, a member of the Fruit Conrmisskwi -which sat in Adelaide yesterday, asked Mr- G. O. Penn if there were any varieties of fruit not grown in South Australia which, might be :ntro duoed with advantage to the canning in dustry. Mr. Penn mentioned lite cling stone peach and several varieties of apri cots which are not grown in this State. They were superior for canning. The varieties in use were giving satisfaction, however. This .statement was bome out by Mr. G. Quirt. the Govern ment Fruit 15 xpert, who explain ed ttist his . experience 1 was that the fruit grown in the State was qot likely to be displaced by imported varie ties. If the clingstone peach could be introduced it would -be of advantage to camLens. Not only was it firmer when' ripe, but at .gave a Nearer syrup. The red in lie centre of * the freestone peach always tinted the syrup w>f the canned fruit. This portion was cut away when using the clingstone, and the clearness added to the value of the product. In. cooking. Hie freestone peach© lost nearly aSl ite flavor, but -the clingstone did not. CONCERNING A PAINTER'S KIT Ail artisan in the painting trade, fail ing from over'the water, nained Frederick Woods, was engaged aa Saturday in reno vating 'St. Joseph's Oonvsnt, West ter race. At noon, he gathered " hie kit, which consisted of a couple of brashes, a pair o-f scissors, an apron, and other tri fies, ana placed iheariielesiii-ahaiidjrtag-. This he left on the premises, and return ing- <a little more -than, an hour later he discovered thai his property had van ished- He reported his loss to -the police, J and Detective All church, who was given =charge -of (he case, had very little trouble < in. placing his hand on a man of- about 35, Bobert McDonald, who was charged with the theft. At "Che hearing in. the Police Court yesterday' it was ehown. that McDonald had taken the has to a second hand dealei and disposed -or it, -with the contents, for 4/6. The owner valued the lot at about 15/. In endeavoring to ex cuse McDonald Mr. C. M. Muirhead told the court that the accused had cojne from a Munav Eiver station a few weeks ago with a. enhstantial cheque, -which he had proceeded -to "knock down." in the usual manner of bushmen. He ran out of cash last week and took the property com plained about while Buffering from the effects of drink. . _ McDonald was shown; -to have been previously convicted, and he wa6 sent to gaol for six months. * THE WEATHEK Hot weather with practically clear skies and lighti northerly winds prevailed over the whole of South Australia yesterday. The highest temperature reported v as 111 degrees at Eiicla, while Port Augusta came next with 107 degrees. Most sta tions registered leadings over 100 de grees, and at Adelaide the maximum was 103.8 degrees. During the 48 hours end ed 8JO ajn. yesterday morning the rain which fell over the continent was chiefly tropical, and was confined to the Kiin berley district of Western Australia, the Upper Territory, and most of Queens- < land. The 3 p.m. reports indicated '.hat the-area of low pressure shown on yes-J terday's chart over the western- State is making but slow progress eastwards.1 Farther to the west, however, the high approaching the continent is pushing fairly strongly, so that a cool change will set in to-day in our far-west; but Adelaide and the eastern parts of me State will, owing to high- pressures on the Pacific Coast and a slowly advanc ing low to the westward, experience an other hot day with northerly winds. THAT "HERESY HUNT" Great is the grief of the Conservative press because of what it terms Labor's "heresy hirnt." It declares in effect that the Libor Party should tolerate, shield, and even champion Labor's weak-kneed opportunists. But when the same press gets an opportunity to display a kindly consideration toward its own wobblers and traitors, how decisively it does noth ing of the kind 1 Take the case of Spea ker Willis. In the strict sense of the term Willis did not. "rat"; f*r no one would ever think of accusing that auto-, cratic gentleman of being other than a crusted and uncompromising Tory. Yet ■how vindictively and 'remorselessly the "Herald," "Telegraph," and all the other Conservative papers castigated him six days" a week. Willis was unequivocally and emphatically branded and proclaim ed a traitor. No vilification was too bad for him. No tyranny that could be con ceived in the Tory mind was spared him. He was dropped with a loud and sudden thud. He was jeered at and in sulted, and kicked from pillar to post. And now this precious press is aggrieved because the Labor movement is doing— but in a much more reasonable and jus tifiable way—exactly what it did itself. Evidently a traitor is a fine fellow—so long as iio is in the Labor Party's camp. But, when you think of it, a traitor in the Labor camp is really a Liberal—and that makes quite a difference with the Tory press. RELICIOUS RIOTS In. expectation of having some excite ment a crowd numbering 600 or 700 gath ered On Sunday night at the meeting cf the Mormon denomination, otherwise known as .the Latter-day Saints, at Victo ria square. The police had been advised of the disgraceful and riotous behavior of a certain sectLon. of the onlookers on the previous Sunday, and so constables were specially detailed to attend the meet ing. There were few interruptions, however, and the police had an eaey task to oontrol the crowd. When the preach ers wore leaving the rowdy element of the crowd followed them. There was 6ome hooting and some objectionable re marks were passed on the Mormons' faith. Tjie party oF Mormons did not reply to'their tormenters, who, seeing that it was futile, soon dispersed smd left the preachers to so to their homes in peace 