CABLE NEWS. - The sale of the relics of the poet Browne ing aggregated £28,000. China intends to protest against the Californian Aliens' Land Bill. Two Bulgarian military trains collided, 100 men being killed and 300 injured. The Women's Representation Bill was rejected in the House of Commons by 266 votes to 219. rne Montenegrin newspapers deplore the evacuation of Skutari, but applaud King Nicholas' act. Yorkshire miners decided overwhelm ingly by ballot in favor of a s-trike on the non-unionist question. English Congregational Union has com pleted its fund of £250,000 for a mini mum wage to its pastors. The Japanese Foreign office favors negotiations for a treaty covering all dis-- putes with the United States. The appeal court at Bloemfontein has decided that the Immigration Restriction Act does not apply to Syrians. In April British imports increased by £2,551,199 and exports by £10,165,142; re-exports declined by £25,338. London 'Times' says circumstantial rumors are current as to certain Mini sters' connection with navy oil contracts. Danish explorers after an inland trip in Greenland, report the discovery of country between Greenland and Peary land. The Chinese Government has asked Bx-itain to revise the Opium Treaty so as to prohibit the. total importation of Indian opium. Roosevelt lias eulogised the great part Australia has played in advanced'political experiments for the benefit of the world' s- democracies. Jerry Maida, suspected of aiding the attorney's investigation into police graft, was shot dead in the street. Five men have been arrested. Four New York police, inspectors hav.v been found guilty of graft, and have been sentenced to. a year's imprisonment with a fine of £100 each. The French police have discovered an old woman, who, in grief for her sister's death, had shut herself up and lived in darkness for seven years. Owing to. the mortality among them on the Rand mines, in the, Transvaal, the further introduction of natives from.' tro pical Africa is to be prohibited. At the Peace Conference, Sir George Reid congratulated the Anglo - Saxon peoples on the warmth of their regard for the preservation of the world's peace. W. J. Bryan; U.S. Secretary, of State, is working for a referendum in Califor nia with the object of allowing time to conclude a new treaty with Japan. London 'Daily Telegraph' edclares that the highest Imperial iriterests are being v endangered owing to the increasing ab sorption of British Ministers in internal politics. The Canadian press expresses pleasure at the reports of the. progress. .being made by Mr. Foster and Mr. Fisher in matters of reciprocity between Australia and Canada. Bishop Frodsham,. of North. Queensland, said at Cambridge, that Australia was no more likely to abandon universal train ing than she was to sell, her new warships to Japan. , , ...? The employees at the Royal dockyards are dissatisfied at the concessions re cently announced by the Admiralty, which included increased pay and a larger es tablishment. Professor Behring has produced a new diphtheria serum producing . immediate immunity in an epidemic and prolonged immunity thereafter. ' The serum also ren ders germ carriers harmless. The men employed in shipyards on the Clyde, and on the north-east coast, are refusing to work overtime. There is also dissatisfaction regarding wages, and a strike involving 100,000 is feared. The shipowners at Liverpool and Bir kenhead having threatend to terminato their agreement with the Dockers' Union if the. mem'bers of the latter carried out a threat to strike unless* they were paid full time up to 1 p.m. on Saturday, the latter have given way and work is now , proceeding as usual. 