NEWS IN BRIEF. There are 397,000 strikers in Brussels. Wheat is steady on the London manr ket. Montenegro continues thi-siege of Seou tanri alone. Silver is quoted at 2s 3 3-8d per ouncl standard. I Afr. Barton McG'ucken, the well- known tenor, is dead. H.ILH. the Prince of Wales has return ed to London. ILM.A.S. Sydney's trial at Glasgoi averaged 25.7 knots. I Two thousand Mfongols outed seven hundred Chinese troops near Urga. Ambassadors' Conference has agreed to a 30,000,000-franc loan to Montenegro. * The Loongana is expected to reach thde wharf at about 9 o'clock this morning. n Tasmanian apples sold in London all from Os 9d to 9s 3d; Victorian, Os .d' to 9s. Tin.-Spot is quoted at from £229 to £229 2s Gd, and long-dated £224,to £224. 10s. Australian wheat sold in London at from 37s 4%d to 41s, according to poeti tion. The Well-Carpeatier fight on May 23 is to take place at Ghent, instead of Paris. It is increasingly evident that a free wool fight will be won in the United States. To-day's forecast indicates fine and warm weather, accompanied by northerly] winds. Greece Lhas cncentrated 120,000 men' at Salonika, and is hastily fortifying thi position. The Kakapo, which left Burnie yvAster, day for Sydney, .took 180 tons of Mount Balfour ore. An explosion in a spherical balloon killed three officers and a civilian at Villiers-sur-Marne. Lord Crewe declares that the shortage in the Territorials is grave, but not serif ous enough for heroic remedy. Commander Evans' wife has had to submit to an operation at Naples, and is now in a critical condition. Yesterday's cables announced that the Duchess of Connaught is now making, progress towards a recovery. In the Melbourne market yesterday potatoes were weaker, the highest priceg being £0 to £6 Is for Brownells. nSanel monoplaned with a passenger from Dover to Cologne without stopping, covering the distance in 4h. 5min. Efforts to revive interest in football a( Queenstown have been very successfuis and three clubs have been formed. In the 'Sydney fruit market yesterday Tasmanian Alexander apples sold from 3s to Is per case, and pears 3s to 4s. The New York manufacturers and im-. porters are urging Congress to fix the date of the noew tariff a year ahead. lion. W. A. Watt, Premier of Victoria, is iivestigating the handling of Austra. lian produce on the London market. In the event of there being less than 20 entriew for the coming egg-laying com petition in May, it will be abandoned. Copper.-Standard brands are quoted at from £69 l0s to £9G 12s Od for spot, and £69 5s to £09 10s for three months' delivery. The Director of Naval Reserves will reach Tasma'ni'a to-day for the purposes of his annual inspection of the island naval forces, At Las Pallmas, during the final pre parations of the airship Suchard II. for the flight to the West Indies, the gas comn. pletely escaped. There were no sales on the Launces ton Stock Exchange yesterday, but busi- ness was done outside in Tasmania, New, Mefutual, and Briseis slares. Three horses fell' in the Hurdle Race at the Seymour meeting on Thursday, and their riders were injured, while one of the horses had to be destroyed. Herr Ogier, Councillor of State, exam ined the Casino employees at Nancy, in au France, and all were unanimous that the er Germans were not subjected to violence. ry During March 100 tons of tin oxide were shipped from tie Mount Bischofl;f ed mine and 10,086 tons of crude ore were treated in t.he milling and concentrating ts plant. t The missing man Willinml Halladay has in not yet been found, and two large search in parties are being organised for to-morrow, to examine the country south of Queens 5" town. or The ".lMatin" and the "Journal" declare that, whatever are the results of thes ne enquiry at Nancy, the Government mustf take severe steps to prevent a recurrence& of the incidents. Godfrey Isaacse told the Marconi corn mittee that when Mr. Marconi offered him the general managership of the com-? pany the contract with the Government' was not contemplated. . At the Carlton (Vie.) court yesterdaye! Archibald McIntyre (24) was committed for trial on a charge of having shot at Fianeis Young and Annie James with intent to murder' them. There ,was a large attendance at the Antwerp wool sales, and an active com petition, and February's prices were fully maintained. Of the 2300 bales of Ln Plata wools offered, 1783 bales sold. A fire destroyed a hotel in Malone City (U.S.A.), and seven persons were burned. A woman escaped by jumping on a pile of lumber from the third storey, but others were overcome in their beds. g At the Launceton Police Court yester day morning Quon Tat was fined £25 for having in June last presented false na. turalisation papers to Mr. WV. . Bain, the immigration otlecer at Launceston. S No armistice has been signed at Chataldja, but the fighting lhas been sus pended for a few dlays, professedly to bury the dead. It is, however, generally considered that the last shots have been fired. Chlinese Government lhas spontaneously inh set apart the 27th inst. for prayers in all N- Chlristian chlurches in China for the ind Republican Govermnent and domestic Ce- peace. The authorities hlave been order ed to attend. ke BLutter market in London is dull, ta- Danish is quoted at frona ll8s to 120s, and salted Australian is unchanged, un salted being quoted at from 110s to 114. The choicest is scarce. New Zealand is quoted at 114s. Bulgaria is ready for peace, because it las practic-lly settled thie border line withl Turkey. acd objects to continue the fighlting for the benefit of the Ser visns and Greeks. who are consolidating their occup:ttion. In tice 1ouse of Comumoe thie Char ST ccllor of tie Excheqeuer (Right lIon. D. ID Lloyd (George) announced that the Go vernemenst woulld give 'lay 5 and 6 for tihe seconsd reading of tle Women's En franchlisement Bill. s Lord Alfred l)ougias lees brought an action for liberl a",einst Arthur Ransoma and '"lii Timee,' Ilook Club in connec tion with lIansomec's book on Os(ica SWihle, alleging tlhat Lord Alfred Dougla. was rpelonsible for Wilde's public dis 