Gossip for Women. I Notes from Sydney. SYDNEY, September 9. Dear Cvuthia,—The ball at Government House, lit honour of the parliamentary "visitors, scents litre .ancient history, as it Teas held -on' Wednesday in last week, but a few words ' must" be accorded to this function, as it was generally admitted .to be one of the best vice-regal balls ' ever given in Sydney. Newly done up in! .white and gold, the ballroom looked bril liant, and the lawns, with an awning spread overhead, were a great addition .to the spaciousness of the premises. Lady Edeline Strickland was present all the evening, and although she did not move about maeh, everybody was glad to see that the fatigue of a whole even ing's entertaining oi so man? guests apparently did her no harm. Lady Em ttott, I.ady and Miss Carlile, Lady Col lins, and the other ladies from over seas were delighted at our ' State Governor's hospitality, and .their gowns were the admired of all. Lady Strick land wore amcthvst brocade, which material was greatly favoured by most of our distinguished lady visitors. Dia _ aionds and old lace added to the effect . of splendour, which was the note of the ; ball. It was generally thought that Mrs. Evelyn Beerbohm was the belle of the ball. As Miss Elsie Anderson, Mrs. Beer bohm, held first rank as a beauty, and her few years' matrimony have but in creased her prettiness. Mrs. Bcerbuhm jwore heliotrope satin and a gold spotted • Scarf. On the nest night, Mr. and Mrs. Beerbohm, who are devotees of tne new style of dancing, gave a dinner party, hod a da nee to follow on the -Thursday niebt, at which many of those ithem Captain and Mrs. Ronald Forbes and Captain Talbot. Pretty girls by the peore, and partners in plenty, helped to make this little two-step party one •the most pleasant of the season. Debutantes were in good company itbe Governor's ball, for it saw the offi cial ''coming out" of Miss Strickland. •Miss Regan (of Tannvortb), Miss Fitz patrick, and Miss Pearl Gannon made -their first appearance in society on that Occasiou ; also Miss Earp, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.»G. Earp, of Point Piper. Miss JGannon, the daughter of the well known R.C., was chaperoned by Lady Carru $hers. 7'he hnmc of Mr. James Gannon's lamilv is at Doll's Point, Sandringhani, a remote suburb on the shores of Bot any Bay, which is devoted to fishing aostly.' To the debutantes at Government House ball, the new dances presented no terrors,; and the girls showed up well in two steps and "Bostons." Honours were j about easy, for as many danced one way j as the other, the old school of quiet, re strained waltzint; finding about 50 per cent of followers. Ospreys wave from every second head at ; balls and theatres* now. Nothing has come | Up to. dethrone the expensive and cruelly-i obtained crest of the heron, from its! supremacy in the world of frivolity.-.. Big i tiaras, with an osprey stuck in the middle, look dashing on some fwtadst;—— and on others, ' merely Conspicuous. Sideways. ■ is the favoured position for the feathers Jiowevcr,;.float- ! Sng at the side of the chignon; .Bands of ; peart, ribbon, or gold leaves, or wheat1 cars confine the-tresses, keeping thorn as Close to the.head, at the sides Bible. A graceful,. sensible style of tiair •^fressing now prevails, and the lines of (the head, often a very charming contour, are not concealed. Miss May "Huxley, the soprano assist ing the tenor, Sir. John M'Cormack, wore "a gown at the • first concert, which was snuch admired. It was of absinthe green clnon, beautifully finished with a tunic. and corsage of gold embroidered tissue. E\Iany well known faoro were among the budience which was * large one, including almost to a- man and. woman our pro minent Irish citizens, who love to hear Ithc old sweet Irish ballads from the lips to! the- singer, who is a true son of old s&in.; "A broth of a hoy" must have ieen the epithet often bestowed upon Mr. M'Cormack in the days before he was I famous. But you will soon be bavins the I | pleasure of bearing bis sweet .silvery) j tenor for yourselves, and can form your j | own opinion. Miss Iluxley's portrait ap- 1 j pears elsewhere in this issue of the "Tele- ! ! graph." I I Gence dances away like a fairy or a I moonbeam on the water, or any other | poetical simile that rises to mind. She '• is entrancing, exquisite, absolute pcrfec*-' tion. All these adjectives are not; ol ; course, offered . in the critical sense, for the dancer is above criticism, but just as a faint indication cj what ticnee can make her beholders .feci. And .yet it seems al most incredible, but it is ' true, and Gcnee herself acknowledges it, people are confessing themselves somewhat • dis appointed with licr performance. - Gcnee appeals to a higher- stratum of refine- • ment than ordinarv theatregoers possess. ! Women form the great body of Gence's : admirers here. Seldom do you hear a i woman who has seen her, do anything 1 else but rave over the Danish dancer, but men, strange to say, remain cold to her attractiveness. Genee's dress in her new dance is a charming piece ol Dresden china prettiness. In the polka comiquc she wears an amethyst muslin satin striped skirt, and a quaint little bonnet, while her partner, M. Volinin, is clad in : an appropriate pierrot costume. - "Futurist" fabrics glow brightly at us ; from shop windows on all sides. Ribbons, silks, embroideries, hats all .fall under the - swav of this new obsession. It is just : about as hard to describe a "futurist" j pattern to anybody who has not seen ! one as it is to describe the new frocks, ! [and how they are built. And that is ! I voted well nigh impossible. They say (in j ! the costume departments of our large j 1 drapers' shops) that fashion reporters ; i this season simply do not begin to write ; up the wondrous creations of skill and : i taste which they (the costumieres). are • | building in our behalf. But while one ; [admits that the plaint is well founded, I | one pleads the impossibility of the task, ! ! » nr-iZv n« * Mihist" hnc nacc*rl infn n ! athwart all our old notions o! "'what was what," and imagination boggles at: the task of describing most of the current finery. The Governor and Lady Edeline Strick land entertained at dinner or Monday . Mr. and Mrs. Hamar Greenwood and Mr. ' and airs. B. R. Wise. Mrs. Greenwood, i who is with her husband staying at the: Australia, has not hitherto been able to . enjov the expeditions arranged for the I parliamentarians, owing to her indisposi tion, from which she has happily recov ered. The Royal Art Society's exhibition is a social centre ol the week. Attendances are keeping well up to the mark, and parties are given on some evenings, for which the well arranged and well lighted rooms are well fitted. Nine young hostesses, including Miss Oxuard-Smith, the secretary's daughter, got together an interesting programme on Monday night. Songs, piano selections nad reci tations weie given by some of the host esses and clever friends. Among the guests were many artists and their longings, also a sprinkling of the more cultured' portion of local society." The subaltern dance of the 31st anil 21th regiments took place on Thursday night in the Paddington Town Hall. The decorations were uncommonly smart, regimental colours,-hunting, flowers, and shaded lights .nil. lending their aid in producing a bright eflect, and, when the grand march, which -opened the nro gramme, was gone through, everybody was charmed with the brilliant scene. Lieutenant and Mrs. Benjamin were host and'hostess;v-and the majority of guests were-'youthful.. Ail had a very good-time indeed! * - , • Stocks are in bloom just now *at their best. They brightened the Queen Vic toria Club on : Friday afternoon* when Mrs. W. A. Fox and Mrs. Scaramell werQ at home. Music was the feature of the afternoon, and a political aspect was ob served among the guests, as is befitting to this club, which was formed out of the Women's Liberal League. Bishopscourt was the scene of social bustle and activitv on Friday afternoon, -when the archbishop opened a fete in connection with the Ladies' Home Mis sion Union. .Bishops foregathered from various corners of the globe, and an op portunity was given them of meeting some of our laymen and clerics in a very pleasant way, Bishopsoourt being an eminently suitable spot for entertaining. 1 The move from Randwick to Darling Point has been a popular one in every respect, for the old Bishopscourt was wofully out of the way, and the bring ing of the Anglican minister and his en tourage more into the midst of things, has been nil to the good of both church and people. Sir Iienry and Lady Stephen, the Bishop o! Tokio, the Bishop ol Tra-* vancore, the Bishop of Tinnevclli, the Dean of Sydney, Lauv Barton, Miss Thea Milner Stephen were "among those pre sent (Thursday)'the long talked of Tasmanian evening at the King's Hall is to come off. Mrs. Cecil Youl, • t" moving spirit, has gathered . together band of kindred souls from among those who once dwelt in Tasmania, but are now Sydney residents. Sir Gerald and Lady Edeline Strickland aro going, as they still retain a deep interest in the island where they once reigned. A.Scottish wedding was celebrated on Wednesday- evening at the Presbyterian Church, Randwick, when the Rev., and -Mrs.; C. H. Talhot's third daughter, Evelyn, was married to . Mr. .Leslie M'Leod•'White, of the Crown' law office; Mr. A. W. Mceks, M.L.C;, gave. away the bride, and her sisters were bridesmaids. Sweetpeas and violets were the flowers chiefly used for the decorations and bouquets. The wedding was 'a very pretty. Ml5s Madge Titheradge, in "A Fair Highwayman,pssumes masculine garb, which, as an eighteenth century bush, ranger, she wears* with much grace. Mr, Lewis Waller looks at his best in cos tume parts, aiyi the setting of the' plav is very effective. Among the audience on the opening night were Mr. Devereux, the author of .the.play, and bis wife, also all the usual first-nighters. A very success ful evening was {he result, and both be fore and behind the curtain, "the world went very well." . Mr. Percy Hunter, director of immigra tion, has been.very bus? since his return with official and other work.. He .is leav ing to-morrow for Melbourne to report to"'Mr. Watt, the Victorian Premier, and will probably leave for London before the end of the year. Mr. and Sirs. Hunter will not take up house in Sydney -for some time, as his family will go track with* him to London. Mrs. Hunter,.atter a long spell or illness, \ is now happily ' recovered. . j The engagement is announced of Miss ; Blary Baunister-Counsele, younger daugh ter of Mr. C. W. and the late Mrs. Counsele of Summer Hill,- and' Mr. Reginald Trimtfle, son of Mr. and Mrs. John ! Trimble, of Centennial Park. Congratulations are warmly extended by his many friends to Aid. Milner Stephen ' on !>is engagement to Miss Molly Gra ham. of Brisbane. Miss Graham is a relative of Mrs. Mylne, of Rose Bay, and i is well known in society here. ! Mr. Justice and Mrs. Gavan Duffy are : staying at the Australia, where Mrs. ; Duffy gave a luncheon partT on Thursday to a group of legal luminaries wives. I The guests were Ladt Cullen, Mesdames I Isaacs, Rich, Street, Wise, Tom Rolin, T. Hughes, O'Gorman, Hughes, Lane, and Mullins. A legal dinner partv was given another day by Mr and Mrs. H. C. Rich, Sir.- -Tust're Gordon, Mr. and Mrs. Knor, and Mr and Mrs. Owen were among the guests. The verv important Topic ol Jimmigra tion was dealt with bv the la3t " "eting .of the 'National Council of Women* at Government House. Mrs. Barff, whose paper was the piece de resistance, is the clever wife of the registrar of the Uni versity, and the daughter of the.late Government astronomer, Mr. William Rus sell. Mr. Easlon, of the Immigration League, also ^ spoke. Mrs. Barff dwelt ehieJiy on her subject from a woman's point of view, and the mistaken idea that prevails in some quarters in the old country, that women can benefit them selves by coming to new countries with out knowing exactly what they ate com ing to. Women who intend to leave England, and settle in Australia, should first of all make all inquiries and ob tain all the colonial information they The topic is a "live" one at present, so members. present indulged in a brisk dis cussion under the r residency ol Ladr Edeline 'Strickland. 