-address by archbishop carr. IRELAND'S PLAGE IN THE WORLD. Tito Town Hall was filled in every por- , tion on Saturday evening, an Irish national concert having boon arranged. ..During on interval Archbishop' Carr deli vered an address. Dr. Carr said the singing of tho songs had reminded them all that once Ireland was a nation, find tlic most cultured nation, too, in the whole of Europe. (Applause.) To stato Hieh a thing was no great exaggeration or expression of national vanity; it was a real and historical fact. The culture and civilisation of a nation was to be judged hj' the pence and order that existed within its boundaries, and hy its cultiva tion of the arts and sciences. If this were applied to Ireland 111 the ancient days from the fifth century to tlie beginning fit the ninth century, all would admit tlmt Ireland possessed this culture, learning and civilisation, nnd was amongst the first nations in the world. In the ninth, cen tury the Danish invaders destroyed the fichoois and murdored the priests and the People. The culture and civilisation of Ireland must have suffered through that invasion. In the times of the early Chris tian hmtory of .Ireland it was a lact re corded by historians that a maid passed from one end of the island to the other, ami rich and rare were the gems she wore, yet on she went in safety. He was speaking not only to those who were triendly to Ireland, but to those who were unfavorable to Ireland, and he wished to explain further the cultivation of Ireland in those ancient times. Before tlie time of printing, when -'the art of copying and making illuminated addresses was so much practised, the quality and beauty, of the work done by the Irish were such as made tile critics marvel. (Applause.) Westwood find Hyatt, great critics of the day, Itud praised the work Uoue between the fifth antl e;Khth centuries — work which rivalled finytlung that was done by even the Anglo- Saxon race. In music, in metal work, and, in fact, all the arts, the Irish Were renowned duriug the early centuries, tint when Ireland lost her liberty she 11 n' same time her superiority in fill these arts at once. To-dny she had tost tier civilisation, her learning, and all licr pre-eminence in the fine arte; every thing, in fact, that a nation deemed wartliy of possessing. And this was not jnrougii her own fault, but through tho mult of nor conquerors. Yhere were several things, tho speaker continued, to be deduced from these facts, in -the first place, supposing that tlie Dan- sn mvnsion had not taken place, or at least that it had not reduced Ireland to TlftCll IAn a m tiatiinh h I _ Ti. . kiii.;. DUW iciii; suppuB- that the Anglo-Norman invasion had not occurred, would it not then be renson- n? ii conclude, in view of the position- I-! j',"'1," before these events, tlmt lre- Ifinrt, had she been mistress of her own ucstinies, and bad the making of her own aws, would have been amongst the first ? oE Europe? ' (Applause.) There was also another deduction to be made. Supposing that legislative independence J Ur.ncu t0 Iceland, as they all be-., eyed and hoped and pruytd would be he \ !i'fl epe-tapplausiO-would they not oLfi i !n concluding that, with that oustaele removed, Ireland would take her .met again amongst the nations of Europe? ' Applause and cheers.) She would not -Halite at the snmc pace as she did in ' C'M.'y dayn, hut she would gradually 1 l-'iro tne post of honor and respect that she lmd once ooniipind amongst European nations, x. (Applause.) „ The archbishop concluded:— "To-night wo are sending a message of sympathy nnd congratulation to those who are laboring for the legislative independence of Ireland, aiid we are hoping and praying that through continual effort Ireland will be come a nation oncu again." (Applause.) A greatly appreciated musical programme was carried out, a number of leading artists contributing. Mndnme Janson sang The Meeting of the Waters and Kitty of Lqlcrame, arid both numbers were received with tlie heartiest applause. Alias Evelyn Ashley sang Oh, Steer My Bark, and Tno Dear Little Shamrock, a number which, ns might liave been expected, brought fer vent recalls. Air. Oswald Rippnn's ren dering of Alnruehla and The Green Isle of Erin was also much to the liking of the nudicncc; while Air. 11. Ledward gave an excellent numlier in Tho Irish Immigrant, Lady Duffcrin's verses. Some of the most pleasing items on the programme were tlie choruses liy tho pupils of tho 'Sisters of Mercy, the. Sisters o'f Charity and the Christian- Brothers' schools, under the baton of Herr Steininetz. Aliss Shiela p'Donnell'wns nt the piano, and Mr. Clias. Syltcs at the organ., 