NEWS OF THE DAY. Yesterday was the great debating and political day of the Australian Natives' As sociation Conference at Ararat. From 9.30 a.m. till after midnight the delegates eagerly debated the Initiative Referendum, the La bor party's amendments to the constitu- tion, and a crowded agenda of miscellane ous items, including Mr. Moir's tolalisatoi- resolution. With the exception of a period of calm in the afternoon, when the Conservator of Forests delivered a lcclurettc, the day and night pro ceedings were marked by an electrical atmosphere, the stubborn resistance of a powerful minority to the constitution amendments providing plenty of excite ment and surprising developments. The Initiative Referendum resolution, moved by' Air. Ilewisoh in an attic speech nnd supported with equal cogency by Mr. Hume Cook, passed almost unanimously, and served as u sort of lighting prelimi nary to the battle over the Coburg motion approving the Labor party's constitution amendments. The chief president's ruling that the motion was a fit subject for the association was contested, but was upheld by the narrow majority of three. Then an amendment by Dr. Bottomley, splitting up the issues into the six amendment hills, was discussed, and 011 tills Ml1. Wise and Mr. iluine Cook made exhaustive speeches 011 the two sides. On a division the amendment was .carried by'75 votes to 72, several delegates being absent when the division took place. It was a late hour before the final decision was reached, the Labor Government's amendments of the constitution being rejected by seven votes. The members of the conference will visit Great Western to-day, the metropolitan members returning to Melbourne at about 9.30 p.m. The Board of Fiiblic Health lias at last awakened to n sense of public duty, and if its expressed intentions are carried into effect patrons of theatres and music halls may expect to be permitted to breath pure air while attending public entertainments. On Wednesday the .board visited the Bvi- tannia and Mclba picture theatres, and in spected. 'Hie system of artificial ventilation installed in these buildings. Members were impressed with the wholesome condition of the atmosphere, notwithstanding tliat large audiences were present at both enter tainments. The principle of ventilation ob served is simple, yet effective, and when compared with Hie benefits derived is not expensive. The vitiated air is carried away by a forced draught eiveula'ted by an elec tric fan, nnd fresh ail- is driven in by a similar process. The inspection convinced the board tliat the installation of a proper system of ventilation is not a trcinen-, doiisly costly matter. A visit was also paid to another picture hall in the .city, where the atmospheric conditions were most unsatisfactory. In this ease it is proposed to take action to force the pro prietors to effect improvements. These in spections arc only the forerunners of many more of'u similar nature, and it is gratify ing to learn that this body, which is sup posed to attend to matters affecting the public health, is, even at this late stage, showing signs of directing its activities towards some useful purpose in Hie in terests of the community. When the Hcatherton home for con sumptives is completed it will stand as a monument symbolic of the constructive ineptitude of Government departments. It is close on six months since it wns dis covered that extensive additions were necessary to the institution before it could fulfil the objects for which it was estab lished. Masses of correspondence passed between the Public Health department and the Department of Public Works, and for a time it appeared ns if the matter would become so bound up in red tape as to render a satisfactory result impossible. However, about the beginning of the year plans end specifications "materialised,'" and at least a . month later the Public Works department made a commencement with the. alterations, which were of a com paratively insignificant nature. An nouncements were made from time to time as to the. date of completion, on the strength of which Dr. Robertson, acting chief medical officer, made preparations for the opening of the institution, but when the day arrived it was found that a drain was incomplete, or some other trivial mat ter required attention before the. work as a whole could he passed by the depart mental inspector. But finality has at last arrived, for Dr. Robertson has been de finitely advised that lie may take over the building to-day. Arrangements have ac cordingly been made to receive patients 011 Monday next. Notices have been sent to the various municipalities requesting tliem 'to nominate eases where it is thought that isolation is uce'csBary. Sixty beds will be available next week, and later on, when further additions to the building are made, accommodation for another 40 patients will .be available.' „ The Minister controlling : immigration lias hit upon a novel idea for advertising the resources of Victoria in Denmark. Some .time ago he arranged with the pro prietors of a Danish newspaper published in Melbourne to print a special issue con taining articles specially written and trans lated into Danish :for the department. It is proposed to forward a large number of these papers to the Victorian agent at Copenhagen for distribution- in the ceuntiy districts. This is, being done with the ob ject of bringing under the notice of DaniJi agriculturists and' farm workers the advant ages offered by Viotorid to people with a practical knowledge' of 'farming. The dc- partmentis aware (bat. tho Danish Govern ment discourages cniigpation, and it has therefore to be very guarded in the me thods adopted to induce Danes to come out to this .country, ft is 'thought tliat "the circulation of a , Danish paper published hero and containing articles concerning immigration will carry considerable weight and be a splendid medium for convincing DaniBh farmers tliat they would meet with success if they decided to . leave their native heath. Mr. Hngclthotn is very keen on securing Danish farm workcis, for evi dences are not wantipg tliat other fields than Great Britain will have, to 'be exploit ed if the stream 'of agricultural laborers is to bo maintained. '' No definite construction work has yet been started in eonnefe'tion with the authorised establishment of throe ne\H stor age schemes for irrigation purposes. The three schemes arc known as the Delatitc dam, 'the l-ixford weir arid the Torrum- barry weir: Of these the Dolalite scheme, which is intended to supplement the Goul burn storage system, is the largest arid most expensive. Air. Detliridgg, a member of the Water Commission, went to the site yesterday to inspect the operations that aim at the opening up and proving of the ground for the heavy foundations required. The Exford scheme is comparatively small. It is intended to. supplement the supply of water to the Wcrriheo Estate, 51 blocks of whic.li are in a few days to be thrown open for selection. The Toirumhari-jr weir is a proposal to divert from the River Murray to Kow Swamp and subsidiary storages the water that is now pumped at heavy ex pense. The Government is still awaiting from the New South Wales Government a notification that its water supply experts have no objection to make to the scheme, and also a determination of the question whether New South Wales will share in the cost and the benefits of the river. An interesting decision 011 a question of procedure was given by Mr. Justice Hodges in Hie T'rac'ticc Court yesterday. Some weeks ago an originating summons was taken out by. Mr. II. Emmerton, of Messrs. Smith and Emmerton, 011 behalf nf Her bert R. Brookes, and subsequently Air. H. R. Tlamer, also a partner in Alessrs. Smith and Emmerton, .-ought to enter an appear ance 011 behalf of Norman E. Brookes, one of the -defendants. 'Die Prothonotary of the Supreme Court, Air, J. W. O'Halloran, refused to enter- the appearance, on the ground liiat Air. Hamer \vns a partner of the solicitors for plaintiff. A writ of mandamus was sought to compel the Pro thonotary to enter the appearance. On Monday; after bearing argument by Air. T. W. Alann, instructed by Smith and Em merton, to move the rule absolute, and Air. W. J. .Se'iiutt, instructed by Air. Richards, from tiie Crown Solicitor's office, for the prothorio'tiU'y, Ills Honor reserved his decision, intiriiat'mg that lie would con sult '"lis brother judges. In announcing liis decision yesterday, lie said lie had had tie; advantage of conferring with the Chief Justice, Air. Justice Hood and Air. Justice Oii.ssen, and they concurred with him in the conclusion that it was a breach nf the rules for a firm of solicitors to act for plaintiff and defendant at the same time. One member of a fpm of solicitors acted for every other member, just in the same way that a clerk acted for the firm, mid not i'or any individual member. The older nisi was discharged, without' costs. Representations were .made recently by the Minister of Customs to the American Naval authorities at Alanila that their re quests for Australian tenders for the sup ply of stores were always too late, to per mit of auy response. Mr. Tudor, stated yesterday that tlicy bad had Hie desired effect. Tenders were now invited for the supply of 40,000 lb, of butter and 2000 lb. of cheese. I t was stipulated tiiat quotations must be in Hie hands of -the authorities at Manila by Iblli April. Although this gives local cxpprters an opportunity -of .tender- ing, it is necessary that their quotations should be despatched by steamer leaving Afclbournc on Monday next. "The steamer Stuart, formerly, known as the Aloniya. which has been acquired by the Federal Government for service in Northern Territory waters, lias made suc cessful trial trips in Sydney Harbor. An official inspection of the vessel is to he made by the Minister for External Affairs to-morrow, and preparations will then be made for the departure of the vessel for Danvin. Rev. Canon Hancock, Incumbent of St. Thomas's, Kssendon, wfll deliver the last of M10 scries of mid-day Lenten addresses in the Athenicum to-day at 1 p.m. The subject of the Canon's address will be "The Cry of the Alollier." He will endeavor to accentuate the need of a' deeper sense of parental responsibility and a deeper spirit of filial reverence. The public is cordially invited. The Minister of Customs wns recently asked in Sydney to remove Hie prohibition on tiie importation of oxygenators or oxy- donors, an appliuncc designed and claimed to be serviceable in the cure of some diseases. A copy which he has received of the "Journal of the American Medical Association," containing a vigorously writ ten article on the appliance, lias satisfied tiie Afinister that it is not an article which he should permit te be imported. The Australian National Defence League must be congratulated on its enterprise in producing '"i'hc Australian Naval and Alilitary Annual," now in its second year of issue (Angus and Robertson, Sydney). The naval section opens with an extract from Admiral King- Hall's speech on Aus tralia's naval policv at the Lord'Alavor nf Melbourne's banquet last November, taken from "The Age" , report. Alt': Win ston Churchill's memorandum for the Cana dian Government is given, and there are several short papers on naval policy and cognate matters. Information is given as to how to enter tiie Australian navy, with rates of pay, &c.; There is a list of the material of the Australian navy, and a gradation list of the commissioned and warrant "officers. Other interesting matter is also given. The military section opens with an article on Combatants and Civi lians in War on Land, iby Air. Tom Rolin, K.C., of Sydney, which will be found in formative reading. The present position of Australian defence is discussed. The text of the Defence Act will he found useful, and the conditions and intentions of de fence in South Africa, New Zealand and Canada will prove suggestive. The account of .the Commonwealth military forces is very complete. There are speqial articles in connection with this, such as Hint on the military college, and also full staff and regimental IistB. But 011 page 129, after tiie list of Australian V.Cs., we do not find . Australian "Queen's scarf" men. These rank with V.C. men by ,u warrant of King Edward VII. There are portraits of distinguished officers, hut the maps are on too small a scale. The "Animal" is very useful and informing, and should meet witu strong support. Mr. E. G. God free, an Australian, lias in vented an automatic telephone toll re corder. It is a most ingenious contrivance, and a thorough test of tho device was made before a few experts and laymen yesterday at liis offices, in William-street. Under the present method of recording tolls the operator at the telephone exchange regis ters the call manually, cither by card sys tem—a very cumbersome method — or by an electric metering. device, which is operated by pressing a button. These methods are open to error and manipulation, and calls may be debited to a subscriber whether or not o.ne is in communication with the exchange or another subscriber. . -Jt is claimed— and the demonstration cleanly showed it — that this new device registers calls without the aid of the operator. It is of small, dimensions, and may he titled 'behind switchboards. Those who saw the invention yesterday — chiefly members of the Chamber of Commerce— were so favor ably impressed that they have decided 10 suggest to the .Government that the device should he thoroughly tested with a view to using it in this State. Messrs. Robertson and Afoft'at have on. view at their art gallery, Post Oifice-piaec, an exnmple of the work of the ' Italian painter C. Antonclli. The picture is Hie property of Air. A. F. Hooper, by whom it was purchased from the Socictn Anatori' and Tultora Exhibition, held 'in' Rome last year, and who has placed it on loan, for a siiort period with the above-mentioned firm. The Aliser, ns Hie work is entitled, is a life-sized study of a man's hand rind shoulders as ho crouches over and clutches his bag of gold, which lies on the table before him. Executed in pastels with a very high surface finish, the work is search- ingly faithful in its delineation of' the ex pression of miserly greed on the old man's face, and is a typical exemplification of Hie methods of one of the more popular of the modern Italian schools of painting. A claim for damages arising 'out of a contract for a tennis court nt Alortlnke was dealt with l»y Judge Box in Hie County Court yesterday. Plaintiff was John J. Irving Winter, of Alondilibi, Alort- lakc, and defendants were W. arid G. Sim, contractors. Defendants .undertook to construct a court for £120, which was duly paid, 'but riot long after it was finished an unexplained upheaval occurred, and the court bcenme unfit to piny 011. Defendants said the. work was properly carried out. and tiie court was accepted. Tlicy were not responsible for jviiat oc curred after tlicy bad finished the work. His Honor, however, held that they were liable, and gave plaintiff a .verdict im- £75 (he claimed £120), with costs. Aly. H. 1. Cohen (instructed by Aobott. nnd Beckett) appeared for plaintiff, and Air. Hogan (instructed by Darvnll and Hors- fail) for defendants. In' connection with the Druids' Gala, Airs. T. Kennedy, who has frequently ar- FiWRpd "doll sctft for charitable move mciits, has prepared a unique set to be raffled in aid of Hie Women's and Imimeo; patllie Hospitals. Mr. O Cailaghan, Oliiet Commissioner of Police, has given tilu "bride and bridegroom,' and Mrs. Ken nedy tho "best man and bridesmaids. Altogether there are nine figures, "caen" ex pensively dressed. Next Sunday atlernoon the Victorian Railways Militnrv Hand will give a classical programme of music in the rotunda in the Bol-antea! Gardens. A collection trill he hiken up in aid of the 'Women's and Ilomn-opjithie hospitals. In view ot (lie aticntlon which the foundation ceremonies are drawing la the Federal capital, it is of interest fo note that m the mtc.t edition ot Breadbcut's roa-l and railway nfnp of Victoria, which includes Hiverina anu the south eastern portion ot New South \\\ales, the loca tion and approaches of the territory arc given for tiie first time in a map of Victoria. Hy a fortuitous chance the publisher, in seeking mine t-rm lor the capital, decided upon its new baptismal name. To-dav's auc-tiun sales:— -James A. \t ise, at ilia rooms, 'Collin«.« reel, at 11, furniture, jewellery, &c; at - 12. piano plavi-r, furniture, Ac. Ilean- ehamp Brothers, at their rooms, Collins-street, at II, furniture, paintings," A-c.: at 2, billiard table, book case, bicycles, Sc. W. E. Wells and Son, at their rooms, Clarendon-street, South .McHrourne, nt 2, furniture, piano, plalte. Sc. W. B. Ellis, at Errol- street, North Melbourne, at 2, furniture, pinuo, &c.; O. S. Nott, at Sydney- road, Bruns wick, at. 2, furniture, &c.; C. M. Deane, at his rooms, Northcoic, at 2, furniture, pony, &#.</span><span> Ifobort II. Hedges, at Kinross-avenue, Malvern, a't</span><span> 11 (with. J. II. Hillard and Son), villa and hind,</span><span> also furniture, feu. Campbell and Sons, at Kirk's</span><span> Bazaar, at 1, bus and other horses. Hcllirar and</span><span> C'onnell, nt Collins-street, nt 2, stock, fixtures,</span><span> &e., of milliner. Denton and Co., at their rooms,</span><span> Uourke-street, at 10.S0, Unredeemed pledges</span><span> (watches, jewellery, .kc.). J.'W. Styles and Son,</span><span> at Liscard- street, Ulstcrnwick, at 11, furniture,</span><span> Ac. Duncan and Wcller, at Mathoura and Fair-</span><span> bairn roads, Tooruk, at 12, buildings for re</span><span> moval. '</span><span> The Daily Circulation of "Tho Ago"</span><span> is 137,026 copies.</span></p> 