(hc Morsbar gime I'Lti.,beld 1'5cry Tuenday and Friday. 40th Year. TUESDAY, JALUARY 21, 1913. Immigration S,.ne w'as suttlliciently -sanguile, at ,ine- hen the Victorian Goit!rn : set out on its policy of imnmi ;ratitn. to expect that everything "did ire perfectly satisifctory. Indi llul faiilttr.- and disappoinltmeunt -r-, exslscted, but because those cx i'-:tations crwe realised it is not rea .,unable that the Goetun?at?nt should bi laid opsn to the oblolquy of a few pro is?ioual fault-linders, whose aim seems to Ie to endeavor to throw discredit upon ithe efforts put toreardi to fill sonit of the wid. .luy: ofth" .State and, incidentally, of tile Co',ntinent. ltilt high -lpaid a_,it] tators are re :ainwl by nti-,guid-ld sections of the cu-munity twho are obilssed with thi i"-.a tha:l tl : native-blortn sorkig ain but the only right to live, this kind ..i jibin' at c'reative sratesmatnhip s-i b.-: exjct.ed, li tno war, how-ever, d?-, it detract from the admitted silti. of the work performed by the bSnirrattion Departnent, of which Mr. II: l,.lhhrn ii the adlninistrator. The tlinitir, iho alpars to do things .ith ihoroutghiness, has evidentl y ,-,li-.l i tl. necessity for plromot I-g ulait .-ttlement by the encourage nlt t lhse shores of a -class of .-I?icrhIl p :olle who are likely to : lat Iu,-oming tillers of the land. 1: tr, effort is to be made to find the:, for these immnigrants in order tho` tht may fit themselves to be '...ii th.'ir oni landlords and to enter it:u ,It- ranks . of sealth-producers. i lt. i,,tt--tion, we feel sure, is a goo:. uand h-- policy itself is sound. 'Olhirnl hlil.h the State can do to iso n.i., th t prosperity of the country SI. haltl so effective ias that which ntuallty mnst largely increase the :,lmn.. of production, for- the ,oods 'hich Australia can produce will al t.t- lind a ready market in British a:n 1 o-tei-n colntries. A glut, it htitul li- retmtmiiered, will be itm p tI--i,-. The prices of foodtitufts use rm,!" by lt,- London' market, and no Clt.,nt of increased production in A ttralia can so much 'as move norld' mar.ets by a fraction. of -a "annu-. There is a demand in Lo?dnd i, at the highest prices, fot, all-. the wheat th t e can .produce,? Asistra lian nol is moure eagerly- sought fo'ir year to year, and the trade in butter may Ix- said to be still in its infancy. .\dd to the-- s possibilities the demand for Australian fruit, and there would s,'em to -b no limit to the volume of Alstralian trade; provided, of course, tht the right class of men can be. ,,t to t takle the untapped resources ,, the soil. The one unsatisfactory- feature of the intitigration system has lieen the large iP.rportion of newcomers who settle in ilt,'" and townss to add to the cn otition of that class whichlives upon bth. hItllhts of "out-back." If the i,:jtrit,: of those people now. arriving vitlJ lie sent to the provinces to 1t:i,. tood for themselves-as the pio ''r si:te done and as many. others till are doinl--the results -would :i 'tarl int indeed. ffhere would be :rea t',r prelouctiou, and the fact that - a lf ; ttho?sands were msde producers in st-.ad of consumers of other people'F I'rclttee, would have its effect in in "nrasdl exports. The strain which the x?O s of imports over exports is put itti; ,p:,n the national purse must soon hai lt tarlriul effect if the balance of tr,:1-, is not removed -o the other sal, of thi nation's .trading account. No fieal adjustment of duties ca'n.re 'tore the balance, nor can the redtc tion of imorts lib the itposition. of hi.ehr duties help hi buildiig uji the eixprt trade.- The" solitiou oL the proI ~hns is to be found in produiction, It it has lieen in older cpuntries. It'nutirk. with tin area of only 11,S11 tl(ar.- mile, and much o' the land 'tlieriur to thu baulk of that to lie balntd in -Australia, has slhown the norld whatt can be aceomplislhrtl by dlo application to the problem ,o "itern: l development. The Slate car ri a plopulation of 2,588,919, or 17-1 souls to the siuaro mile, and nearly one half of these people live exclu sively by arioulturo. How different from the fertile State of Victoria, nearly one-half of whose population live in Melbourne and its environs ! In 1908-9 Denmark iinported from the United Kingdom goods to -the value of £5,151,905, in return for which she exported to the British Isles no loss than £19,175,739 worth of her own products. And yet this sturdy. little nation manufactures little or nothing beyond that which she rec uires for her •own consumption. - Inmnigrants who" are prepared to copy Danish methods of industry are what Australia needs, and it should be the aim of the Government to seleet future batches of new settlers: in such a proportion as will naturally counter act the baneful effect of the - system which, willy-nilly, while contributing in a measure to the settlement of the hinterland, has tended unfortnnately ti the bloating of Melbourne and other densely populated' cities. Closer 'in quiry into the qualifications and means of nominated imimigrants will be needed also before the best fruits of the Government's well-meant policy will be ready for reaping. 