NEWS OF: THE DA Y. \- " ' i A further - conference - took plnee yester day between the Minister of Customs (Mr. Tudor) '-arid. Mr: P. M. B. Fisher, Minister of Customs in New Zealand, witli a view, to a reciprocal trade arrangement .betivoelT the Dominion and tho Gommonwcalth. Botli Ministers subsequently stated that no. finality had been arrived at. and that even should un. arrangement bo made the first intimation would be given to the rcspeteivo-- Parliaments. The conference will ho resumed on Monday, and towards the end of the month "Mr. G. F. Foster; Caniiuinn Minister of Cominereo, will visit 'Melbourne, and take .part in tlie delibera tions. ... \- Railway service pensioners -are pressing a claim to certain privileges in relation to railway pusses in excess of those they now enjoy. A deputation from their, ranks yes terday .waited on tlie -Attorney-General, and urged tliut they were legally entitled to four railway, passes over. all lines, avail able for a 'fortnight in each year. 'The Bailway Commissioners had declined to grant this family concession; and had issued to them, only one suelr pass, - but had recently enlarged' the privilege to two passes. It was mentioned, incidentally, that there were now 1150 railway service pensioners, so that ollieiai recognition of this demand would, mean that 4000 pension ers and their friends would be entitled to travel free .wherever railways run for a fortnight. in each year. Not that alone. In n few years' time 'there will be 1000 addi tional officers added to tlie list of pen sions, and ns.tbcsc also will be pensioners the number of this class of railway dead heads will he nearly doubled. It was urged by the deputation that the act of 1883 conferred upon them, amongst otlier privileges, a legal light to these passes; tluit the Bailway Commissioners had no authority to interfere in tlie matter, and that The regulation .wliieli purported to take away a portion of these privileges was. ultra vires., The Attorney-Genera! promised to "Consider the mutter. If there was any conceit in tlie command ing officers who took part in the tactical scheme which was carried out on the con cluding day of the recent encampment at. Heidelberg it' must have been taken out of them last night. Under tlie auspices of the United Service Institution, Mujor Gwyiiue Urillith, of tlie Indian army, traversed the whole operations; praising here and blaming there. For the most part he was blaming, and it was -rather amusing at times to listen to the numerous (explanations giveit by "those whom lie had occasion to criticise. One oiiiccr said heidid.one tiling because he thought it was' better than the otlier, whereupon Major, Ttritlitli replied that lie should have carricdvbut .his -pommandcr's plans "no matter hoiv rotten they mny have been." Summhig iifyMt'ijor Griffith' said the whole of the attack' was Too slow. "There was no push' about it. The fault of that was the lack of information! It did riot appear to have been back .'to. the brigadier in time,, and consequently ' it' was useless." The lecturer concluded by staling that it was easy to he wise after the. event, a remark with which all the. officers _who had been criticised were only too happy to concur.' The impression - conveyed by Mnjor Griffith's comments' "was that in actual war fare there' Would -have been serious trou ble.' Between £900 and £1000 is the sum of thq profit realised by the recent A.N.A. Ex hibition. This was 'announced at hist night.'s meeting of The' A.N.A. metropolitan committee. It was explained that the properly audited "statements of accounts would he presented at next montii.'s meet ing. Tlie -profits,' according to arrangement, are to he divided 'betivcen tlie exhibitors and the association, so that the exhibitors 'will receive a dividend of about 50 per cent, of their space money; It was uniiounecd that exhibitions - of - Australian manufac tures will he held l)y the association in fu ture at triennial periods, and that owing To tlie failure to reserve accommodation for a clcar month -iri Melbourne the A.N.A. competitions will' not be held this year. A scheme for the celebration of Founda tion day/, 1914 .(20th January), wus adopted at last night's meeting of the A.N.A. metropolitan committee. It jirovidcs for the holding of a national fete and a . banquet at the Exhibition .Building and grounds; an exhibition -of-. education, arts and crafts from Saturday, '21s, t February, to Saturday,' 7th March; arid from 21st February to 27tli Febriin'ry, Inclusive, ,1a series of band con tests, for which about £400 prize money will lie provided. ? .A manager will he ap pointed at a salary, -of £200 and 15 per cent, of the profits. , Manufacturers desirous of. taking part in The Victorian Chamber of Commerce's All Australian Exhibition,'." to be hold at tlie eiid -of the yeaiy-iind .who have not yet. miidc 'applications:/ for. allotment of space, will have to tnkcukction very soon, for all npplieqtions must.', be in the hands of the chamber before 30th April, and over half the spacp has already been applied for. The chamber aims at/making' the exhibition an unqualified success, wbrtliy of it arid thoroughly representative of .'Australian manufactures, and The members nre being asked to give . special consideration to the matter of providing working exhibits and examples of trade processes' , in operation. Granting good work on the exhibitors' part, success from tile point of view of public patronnec should lie as sured; for it: will be open -for two months during Show week and the Caullield and; Melbourne Cup curnivnls, when Melbourne /citizens turn tlicir. attention to siglit see ing, and the city is thronged witli country and inter-State visitors.. The '.preliminary annual and general meeting of- tile chamber will be -held on Monday-evening. : A collection, of needlework, valued nt .fSOO, liM just been obtained for the -Na tional Gallery at' the instigation and through, tho "good offices ; of Lady Gibson Cnrmichael, who lins always hcen much in terested in this branch of art. The ex amples obtained -.diite from, the sixteenth century to. tlie first tlialf of the nineteenth, and are representative of the work of many: countries. They include specimens of Spanish, Italian, Greek, Turkish, Persian,; Chinese, French and English, and soine arc rare and beautiful axainplcs of the -periods represented. The collection was made by Mr. Murray Marks, of London, at the re quest of Lady Carmiclmel, who lias herscll- presented a very interesting piece of wo'rk, and who lias also obtained n gift from someone whose nunie lias not been divulged. These two pieces are shown in a separate case. Tlie collection, .which will appeal to all interested in this form of art, is being shown in tlie annexe At the eastern end of the Verdon gallery. At the request, of .the committee of the Danish Club, Melbourne, Mr. G. Sweet- land, of "The .Age'.' -office, will, on Monday evening deliver his populur lecture, How a Grout Newspaper is- Produced, in their club roomsCoih'M'Btreet, Upwards of. 60 ' ' \ ' ' specially prepared- lantern views will 'be used by- the lecturer to illustrate" the irinny phases in the evolution of a daily journal, from cutting the timber in tho bush in order to manufacture paper, to the. deli very of the finished article in the Back of Beyond and the rush of early morning city customers. The establishment of. a school at ,Bclh street, FifV.roy, for feeble-minded children is only the commencement of the work contemplated' by tho Education depart- mpnt. The "Mull-strcct school is intended for . the reception of ' feeble-minded chil dren only from tlie metropolitan area, and the department is faced witli tlie neces sity for organising similar work in the country district. The Minister of Edu cation is conferring with tlie director on the question/ and the likelihood is that at the outset spceinl classes will he provided at the more important of the country schools, at which feeble-minded apd back ward children will receive 'tlie training adapted to their particular cases. One difficulty which the department will have to face in conducting the Boll-street in stitution' will be The prejudice' of parents against the inclusion of their children in the ranks of the pupils. The advnntage which the. children nre likely to derive is expected liy The department in a measure to counteract that feeling. Thirteen English boy scouts, who arrived as immigrants under Scout Master H. Caldicofct in t-he stenuicr Marathon on .Thursday, were welcomed in characteristic fashion by tho Acting , Premier (Mr. Mur ray) yesterday at the public offices. The new arrivals were- attended by a number of Australian boy scouts, under 'Mr. IV. E.. L. Wears. Mr. Murray, expressed, gratifi cation, at the fact that the English boys had all had farming experience- prior to leaving Grent Britain. The scout move ment, iie said, helped to put boys on tho right track in life, and once on it it wits not hard to stay there. It rested with the lioys whether tliey succeeded or not, and nowhere would tliey. find lictter pros pects or more fun than in Australia. Scout Master Wears said it was tlie intention of The' new arrivals to work together as soon as tliey had picked wpv sufficient local' experience, and Mr. Murray added that in lining so they were proceeding on right lines. He hoped tliey would all take up land. Mr. Hagelthorn, Minister in charge of immigration, also spoke, offering the boys some sound advice. Artor receiving the Government grant tlie Alfred Hospital management finds itself saddled with an overdraft of £3357. To re lieve tlie finnneial strain a ball will he held in tlie Melbourne -Town Hall on 8th July in aid of' the hospital's maintenance .fund. Airs. Fred Fuyiic, of Toorak- road, has undertaken, -the presidentship of tlie lxill Committee. In connection witli the Druids' gala, the drawings for art, unions in connection with tlie recent hazanr will commence to-day, at 7 p.m., in St'. Patrick's Ilall, Bourke- strect, city. Yesterday's proceedings in the Federal Arbitration Court were marked by inci dents which made the sitting-notable. After a witness in tlie ease against ''the Hobnrt Gas Company had been examined, the representatives of the employes found themselves unable to go further. It was said that several-: employes of Brighton Gas Company had been summoned to give evidence, but tliey were not in at tendance, - the explanation being that the men wore afraid to appeal- in court, for fear of being victimised. They wuntcd every employe to be -siimmoned, so that they would all be, to that extent nt any rate, in tlie same position and run the same risk, whatever it might be. Mr. Jus- tiee-Higgiiis said lie thought the fear of victimisation was greatly exaggerated, . hut he made it quite clear that ii any attempt at coercion were established lie would im pose tho severest penalties the law al lowed." ' Thb 'court v/ns adjourned 'foi- ah hour,' so that' one missing witnoBS could he secured, hilt after tlie lunch interval he wns still absent. . His Honor, who has ex hibited a great deal of patience during the proceedings, 'intimated that if the wit nesses were not in attendance on Monday tlie employes would' have to close their case. Application was made to Mr. Justice a'Bcekott in the Practice Court yesterday for an order for payment out of court of a sum of money wliieli formed the balance in the purchase money "of Kirk's Bazaar, Boiirke-street; Tlie property originally formed . part of tlie. estate of dairies Butehart, of 'Morniugton. When be died he bequeathed it to his, son and two daughters. The eon subsequently died, and left his interest in bis father's estate to his two sisters. In 1907 tlie property, was sold, and Mr. Justice .Hood ordered that the proceeds, should he -invested for the benefit of tliC parties. Portion of tlie pur chase money .was allowed to remain on mortgage. Hec'cnfly this mortguge was lifted 'and- tho money, paid into, court. It. was in respect 'of this tlmt- tlie order was noiv asked, for. His Honor on the appli cation of ' Mr/ Vasey (instructed by Messrs. Oldham and Oldham), made tin order- that the money he released as de sired. ' ' i . ;" .' A certificate of .discharge from his debts was granted in the -Insolvency -Court yes terday by Judge Moiile to Joseph John Arthur, of Bichmond, laborer. ..Tlie opening and blessing of the comple tion of SS. Peter and Paul's Chureh, South Melbourne, will take place to-morrow' at the 11 o'clock Muss." The eeremony«wili be pct-fonmed by 'Archbishop Carr, and the occasional sermon will bo delivered' by the coadjutor archbishop (Dr. Munnix), .who. will preside in tlie evening, when tho ser mon will he preached by Rev. J. J, Ma- ,lone, of Clifton Hill. .At tlie Temperance Hull on Sunday evening a Goh-pel temperance meeting will be'lield. -Mr. F, W. C'lan-y will preside.- ' Mr. A. Robinson, solicitor, of ---.ICO Collins-, street, lias been Appointed :i commissioner of the Supreme Court of . Western Austmlia for taking allhh-vitF. ' ' The Melbourne Gospel Omsade will . lie continued at Spencer's Oiympio. - to-morrow night, outside at 7 p.m., inside at S p.m. Rev. D. O'Donncll will be tile evangelist. ' - - The Second Advent ' series of addresses will be continued tn-niglit, in connection witli tlie Satur day liiectings for Christians at the Protestant Hall, Exhibition-street, when Mr. II. B. Dennlsou will speak on The Close of This Age and tlie Christian. 'We are asked to direct attention to a notice In our advertising columns calling a meeting of shareholders .who an- dissatisfied - with - the. board 'of direilurs-'of. the Civil Service Co- operative So ciety. The' meeting, will be held in the Tem perance lhiU.on Tuesday at S p.m. ' 