HOTES AND CO1MiENI. \-- ----0 i (By "Steele Blayde.) I The notes of this issue will be devoted entirely to the observa tions of Mr W\\. O. Mitting, of I'he Ridge, who hIAs recently returned fromt an eighteen months' holiday in Europe Mr Blitting, during, al; afternoon's chat, opened up a fairly wide field of thought, which readers of the C.lIti:int'rg may enter' with benefit. In the fitst place, while Mr Mitting has no intention of leav ing his pretty home on tlie Ridge to reside oversea, or elsewhere in Ausntalia-at least for some years to come- -he finds himself just ai trifle disappointed on return:l During his eighteen months of travel--?extensive and comprehen sire travel-- hle has learned to cordially appreciate Old Country trimness and throughiess of doing, and somewhat misses it here. Somehow, he expected Miidlura to have advanced' further during his absence thian Jildura has. Everywhere abroad 'are public parks, gardens or neat re serves of some sort, and the man (whose own block frontage is ?er. tainly one of thie most attractive in this district)jis ?f opinion we should at least secure the land for a public park here, even , if it takes yeals to ma nke lone; also the people themselves should take more pride in their private home surroundings. M"r Mitting found thte domes: ticity of the Europeans one of Europe's chief charms and de plores the lack of it here. Europe breathes domesticity. Every. where the Mittings went they found the people atH tote iti their villages, towns ,and cities, andi when one remembers that the tour included knockings about England, Ireland, Scotland, the Channel Isles of Jersey, Guernsey and Sark, the Isles of Man and W\ight, France, Italy, Switzerlandi Germany, Belgium, Austria, Den mark and Holland, one must credit the Mittings with havin!' seen enough of iEuropean life to, have been able to make very sound notes. Starting out in England, the' travellers soon realised that they had known little of England pre viously, that here was a practi eally undiscovered country, whose: beauty spots were to be revealed The English lakes, midlands and, south were motored thoroughly, Scotland visited from Glasgow to the Trossachs, Ireland done fri?ni Dublin to beautiful Killarney, the Isle of man from Douglas to Peel. In the Channel Isles Mr Mittinrig' came across in!ense culture in its most intense form. The Islandi of Guernsey was a revelation. Fully a quarter of this little island t is under glass! Grapes and tomatoes are produced extenrsivel; and early potatoes for the Englisht market. While rural tEngland is agricul tural to great extent, Mr Misiting was much surprised at thie amountt of what he call? "waste ia?i td land given over to private par: owners, shooting preserves, gime? forests, &c.; lTe contrast witl Guernsey, where land is ut"lised from coast to coast, is great. Speaking iof agricultural? En, land and emigratioii thlinee to Australia 11r Mftting saysi hle fooun th ie stralian farmer?-viitor to England more credited ,'and more earnestly listened to and enquired?l of than are lecturers on Australia and official representa tives. The people who want to know about things seems tohIave an underlying suspicion of the representative lecturer or agent. This is a most interesting: state. ;.? ri t1ent, especially when Mr Mitting a :lows it up by saying that not 001) do the agricultural classes dlesire information concerning Australia, but need it As things go they are afraid fancying that inligrants woutld be prictically last outside Melbourne or Sydney. I ouchlin the labor 'question, Mr hittling ?thinks that the qheart of he average Inglish worker is broken through the knowledge that it ',is useless to try and save any)thing, that is the reaison the public houses get the spare pence of the worker. iThe recently-returned visitor to E utope discussed the; adaptability question) with some force Like manvy other Australians, he de plores the lack of adaptabity in the working immigrant and is of opinion that ithe immigrant should forget, as soon as possible, uro pean methods and wa~ys and seek to adopt Australian ways° and ideas. 'Practically, his attitude should be: "I don t know any.? thing; teach me . The I)Dutch interested Mr Mi-i ting greatly. A great dairying industry is carried on in Holland, cheese-making being the specialty Ire Holstein-Friesian is the cow of Holland, yielding a very large milk supply, well adapted to cheese makintg'' Asked if the breed was ever crossed i'n Hol land, Mritting said he believed not, but that elsewliere :he had heard the Holstein Jersey crooe discussed favorably: :The Dutch dniries are clean, very) clean in deed, and very quaint.' At one particular " show" dairy, wlich was attached to a house contain ing four generations of family, these were lace curtains to tihe windowts behind the coi?,pens, crockery oni the shcelves on the walls, slings for the cow's ref?ra tort' tails, saswdust neatly laid: on lthe floors and a dozen!' things to remind one that .,ne is in Holland and nowhere else. "M'aarken Island is probably thel quaintest spot in Holland le Mittings elighted in it; the natives wear the Dutchiest of Dutch igarb 'Tour was made through Bel gium and Austria, the gardens of Brussels, Vie nna and o hler cities being delightful During the Belgian tour the field of Waterloo was visited One of ti?e saddest sighitt to be seen in Austria was heavy fenmalie labor, thie women being employed like men at hay pitcihing, plate lay ing on the rail wys asnd generially at Isf6 per day, lh ? men receiviing s Such I tneat as is used is :orse-flesh. At K.erlin our )ildurians just missed the iFIpetor s jubilee fete and the wedding of the aGern P? Ircess: but moast of the decora tions were still in evidence and thle "city ver ga? T'hat `wonder ful thoroughfare, "'Unter den indeens which", is park, street, lounging boulevard and about eversttig : t lsl Combined, im pressed the visitoi s ) its grandeur a " heatn '. ' ," ·' t In? Switzerland the glories of the 1l akes and (mountains appealed stronly, but in Denmark Mr Mitting got tback to a bit of agri cultuiral study ""so in Italy and France. Tihn Danish cow, says Mr hitttng, is a butter-making wonder. Asked if he noted any irrigation work while away, Mr Mittig? states that the best irrigation I?he noticed was in Lombardy, 'and then it was not up to the ,Mildura method or standard. In Lom? bardy there certainly were trel lised vines in rows, but the ,rows were far apart, and 'the staked vine on the hillside was more in evidence One of the most pe cuhar si?hts was between Naples and Ponmpein-vines trained to grow ' up the trunks of the trees, At Scarborough in England the fish'-packing by Scotch girls, who go there for the season, was watched with great enjovment. The Scotch girls are absolute marvels at the work, one girl cleaning and grading as many as 43 herrings a minute! Of course 'Mr Mitting had a word to say on the good roads of Europe- more especially of England., He relates, with much appreciation"i of ,,Eng land's thoroughness in road making ind upkeep, tha.t he drove his own motor some 2850 miles without a puncture l! These notes were picked up in a general conversationi, with Mr Mitting" he not being pre pared for a systematized rela tion of his travels . holiday was taken, rather than a tour of observation. ,Mr Mting, however, does not intend to let his travels end with this recent trip. The point most interesting is that the Australian man on the land visitorl is hlistened to so much more attentively than the regular Agent oft ?s country, 'when in touch with prospective immigrants or people desirous of knowing things. It is a pointi. for the authoritles to study well Mr Mitting te'lls us i iat h could have got fully 200 emigrants by a little persuasion and that he fancies ?o per cent of them would have been good material. Yes, it s'.a point for the author ities to study ? he only trouble is that if discretion be not used there would ?soon be no telling just where to dran the ine., Any man accreditedi by Government becomes is some sort a Govern. menatd agent, and if mention of this I1or ttup be made to the prospective, by the; man on the land visitor acting lor Government, the pros pective 'nia grow more suspicious than eier i ?hie i"'mmigration question is a pui.?n lone very puzzling indeed so far as Aus ralia is concerned For }ears Canad ishas held the advantages in immigration mattersby being closer o t he old countries, and by ite heart to-heart talk with prospectives oat friends who have done well oversea and, are on holiday. 