. NEWS OF THE DAY, Now that a new Watt Ministry has been formed, Messrs. Livingston and Thomson will take up "their inquiry into and -report ou the closer settlement policy for the information of .the Cabinet. It is an open 6ecret that the report will deal in very direct terms with the com plete failure of many of the settlers and the circumstances which have contributed to defeat the .suocess of the closer settle ment. administration. It is said 'by mem bers to be regarded as inevitable that, a royal commission should be appointed to inquire into closer 'settlement in Victoria, and make recommendations with a viow ' to placing it upon a proper basis. The re port1. will tend decidedly in that direc tion. The State Ministry is to receive from Mr. Fitzpatriek, the Chief Commissioner of Railways, reports on hik observations while abroad ;of electric railways, bulk handling of grain arid railway methods. On Wednesday Mr. Fitzpatriek had an interview avith the Premier, and . recount ed 'briefly the result of his inquiries. He. was instructed to furnish his reports as soon as possible;.. In view of the pro test of Mr. Langdon, the chairman of the wheat commission, against the delay on the part of the first Watt Ministry in dealing with the commission's recommen-" dations, the Premier promised that a de bate on the subject would be allowed on tbe estimates. It will now be possible for tbe Ministry to carry out tbe original intention of dealing with the commission's report after the presentation of Mr. Fitz- patrick's Web's. \ ; -i When the New South Wales Parliament is agaitt in working order it' is hoped by the Victorian Ministry, that Mr. Holman will 'reintroduce the border, railway bills. Similar, bills will then be introduced ..in the Victorian Parliament. At the confer ence ,of the Victorian and New South Wales' Premiers in Melbourne on 25th Au gust last .four border railways were dis cussed. Three were, for the extension of .Victorian lines into New South Wales territory at Euston, Wcntworth and Mo- ama, aud the other for . the extension of .the New South Wales line from Nimity- belic through Bombala and Delegate into Gippsland. From Euston a line is to -be built by New. South Walcs.-ou trie Vic-. . torian. gauge 'northb'ard - into New South Wales, and from Wcntworth a line is to be constructed under similar conditions, to pun for forty miles to the north-east. Tito basis of agreement regarding the line from Eeliuca through Moama to Moulamein In volves the acquisition of .the private line, from Ecliuca to Dcniliquin, and the eon; struction of. a track branching north westerly. Christmas . eve in Melbourne was spent by , most people in time-honored fashion. A good Ihalf of the population had made its puroh'ases earlier in the week, and could afford' to-' take its' case after dark; but the remaining- half had still somtehing that it wanted' to buy, or was bent on see ing the streets and the shops before the shutters -went up, So it came about rihat the eve of Christmas, 1913, was another popular and brilliantly lighted festival, as far as the city -proper was concerned — a time of marching and counter-marching, of dragging about juveniles and being dragged by them, of parading in straggling fiie, and taking possession of .the thoroughfare in battalion; of light arid color and noise and laughter, and constant, interminable ebb and flow. There was no' need to. ask the toy sellers, the refreshment guardians, the gift bargainers, the jewellers and the others whether ithoy were doing a brisk .trade. T-h'ey were all too .busy to answer. From 8 till after 11 p.m. Melbourne was in a state of perpetual -motion, and semi-ab sorbed animation. The -lights were cvery- . where shining over it, the crowds in Boui'ke-street, Smanston-street and Collins- street .were wholeheartedly in possession of it, and the earnest souls who were anxious to do their business and get out of it were- swept along almost in spite of themselves, and had to bold hard on to parcels for feat of seeing them go down the street. The good-natured display lasted till between 11 arid 12 pan., and it was well on to the latter hour when the streots began to as sume the quiet garb of Christmas day. A feature of tbe holiday season this year has been the period of preliminary hot weather, culminating in a threatening, windy and meteorologically unpleasant Christmas day. Even Mr. Hunt has been shaken out of his mood of calm conviction, and been obliged to confess that he is a good deal puzzled— -both by lack of cer tainly in prediction, 'and lack of know ledge as to what has happened' in other places. The two uncertainties are really one. Given accurate data as, to what is going on at Eucla or Adelaide, and the -meteorologist will label the Christmas weather in advance. This definite label ling could not foe attempted in the present instance ' because the cold spells had a habit of stopping half way across flic con tinent and warm spells went in for a second' innings when according lo the rules they should have retired altogether. In fact, the Commonwealth Meteorologist had grave doubts at one stage whether the elements on which lie .relies were really playing the game. When he saw what a gur.ty, dusty, disagreeable Christmas morning it was he was far from reassured So were the people who had been looking forward to a day in the open, and prepar ing for it in advance. After the great heat of Monday and the closeness and mugginess of Tuesday and' Wednesday a cool day for Christmas would have been very acceptable. The coolness was not wanting, but the wind, and the threats of rain, kept, more than half the people in doors. To the elderly and less energetic, however, this did' not matter. What with good fellowship at borne, and Church ser vices and sacred concerts there was no lack of seasonable occupation for Christmas day. Some misapprehension has arisen over the action of the Minister for External Affairs in having secured authority from I'arliamcnt to extend the line, from I'ine Creek 'to the Kathcrino River on the 3 feet 6 inches gauge. Air. Glynn points out that this gauge is being adopted for the extension of the line in order to harmonise with the railway already in existence. It j would be obviously unwise, he thinks, to establish. a break of gunge on so short a' lino of track, especially as tho . projected extensions into Queensland would also connect with a railway system on tho narrow gauge. All the bridges and earth works on tbe Katbcrinc -llivcr line arc being built to accommodate the 4 feet 8J inches gauge, so that when a through line is laid down, the wider gauge may be adopted. To widen the Fine Creek line to 4 feet Sj inches, and build tiie Katherine River extension on tho same ' gauge would involve an extra outlay of £300,009. Tho policy of the Government is to have a wider gauge for the trnns-continental line from south to north, and it is possible that if an extension should be made of the Oodnadatta railway north the wider gauge may be adopted. ; Mr. Glynn says that ' personally he is friendly .with the 5 feet 3 inches gauge. A large number of Australian manu facturers have responded to the invitation for tenders for the construction and delivery of 10 cattle and 20 sheep bogie waggons at Port Augusta, and 5 cattle and 10 bogie sheep waggons at Kalgobrlie. After consideration and inquiry, Mr. Kelly has decided to accept .the tender of Messrs. J. S. Bagshaw and Sons, of Adelaide, for the Port Augusta supply, and that of the IVestralia Iron Works Limited, of Fre- mantle, for those to be delivered, at Kalgoorlic. The amounts involved are £13,750. and £0,995 respectively. Approval has been given by the Minister for Home Affairs to ,tbe calling of tenders for .the construction and delivery of another 50 bogie waggons, each of a carrying capacity 'of 40 tons, for U6e on the Kalgoorlic to Port AuguBta railway.. These waggons; will be used primarily for the carriage of material during tbe construc tion of the line, but they. are so designed as to be readily convertible into live stock waggons later on, if desired. 'It is also proposed to call tenders for 75 steel hopper waggons, for use in the first place for ballasting. These waggons arc also of special design, and are made adaptable for general traffic. . Though the central railway station .js notoriously, inadequate for the present needs, it was by many people when tbe project was mooted considered to be little short of wofttl extravagance to spend £600,000 nn one station as wns proposed, aud certainly fhe prevailing notion was that such ! a structure should bo capable of meeting all demands for years to come. -Reappointment has farb i into resignation, and high hopes for fc-iturc are hung on.' the, statement the central station will amply , meet all \<tnd-s tinder tlip electrification scheme: But the cotst of the central station which by the way largely exceeded the original estimate— looks very small when, set alongside the vast sums spent ou the erection of stations in America. The Chief Commissioner' of Railways, Mr. \V. Fitzpatriek, who has just arrived home from ail eight months' tour of Europe and America, says 011 this poi-nt: — "1 saw man; gigantic railway stations, but in New York there arc stations which take the palm. Tbe Pennsylvania' Co. has jiist completed a grand terminus which cost 140,000,000 dollars (£23,000,000); and the New York Central Co. is just finishing one costing .180,000,000 dollars, ( £36,000,000). Thus these-' two edifices will. have, cost Jbclwccn £18,000,000 and £19,000,000 . more tliari the cast, of our 3600' miles of railway iri Victoria, ' The Immigration department 'expects a party of twelve Danish Immigrants;' who are trained farm workers/ to arrive "in Mel bourne on 29th inst. by R.M.S. Orvicto. On the same vessel are six British lads, and three nominated immigrants from Great Britain. The spirit of "otherdom" is never more with us than during the Christmas season, and -the brightest feature in the round of festivities which marks the closing days of the year is the universal thought for others which tbe coming of Christmas en- -genders. - This was the riding spirit at a Christinas party given last evening by "the YAV.C.A. to girls who were spending Christinas away from home. About one hundred guests were present, and tho ma jority were ncwcoiiiers from the old laud spending- their first Christmas amongst strangers. The organisers of the -gather ing had managed to impart a true Y'ulctidc atmosphere oven.iu the decorations, aud in the warmth of welcome and merry round of games and entertainments the bogey of 'homesickness had no time to find a-plaee. A Christmas party without a Christmas tree would be like Santa Claus . without a beard, and the branches of this one were laden with gifts from "the secretary, Miss Snclson, each .visitor receiving a present. ' Other ladies provided, refreshments, and when the party was over its organisers hod the satisfaction of knowing that they had made the night a merry one for many to whom it would have otherwise been made 'melancholy by memories. Those who were unable, for various reasons, to be present at last evening's gathering will be cnter- tained by Y'.W.C.A at a picnic to-day. While the Dredging Inquiry Board has finished its deliberations on the draft of the report, it appears that a large section of the draft will have to be rewritten. On. Wednesday morning tilie Premier inquired of Mr. W. Davidson, the chairman of the beard, when the report was- likely , to bu presented. He was informed that portion of the report was being rewritten, but it would -be presented immediately, uflcr the holidays. ' . 1 . During the Queensland Premier's visit to Melbourne this wcekr the question of repre sentation at the Panama Exhibition was discussed by Messrs. Watt and Dcnham. Mr.' Denhara asked -Mr. ' Watt's ' opinion whether it: was advisable' or not for the Commonwealth -and the States to be .repre sented. The Victorian Premier replied, emphatically that it was very desirable, and that the Commonwealth and- the States- should unite in making a display which would worthily represent tho resources of Australia. New settlers were required for. Australian States, and quite as apurt lrom the attention which would be directed to Australian products . the exhibition should, prove the means of encouraging many more land seekers to" come out to this country. . A lender for the switch gear . for the ' power house at Canberra has been let to t'hc Australian General Elcctrie Company. The amount is £1580.- The work, is to be completed by 10th July, 1914. The power house will supply electric current for gene ral constructional work, pumping, water supply, brick making, and it is also de signed to ultimately furnish the electric supply of the completed city. The Minister for External Affaire had a conversation on Wednesday with Mr. Summers, the well-known sculptor, and Mr. Murdoch, architect of the Home Af fairs department, with regard to the Australian marble to be used in the erec tion of tbe High Comriiissioncr's offices in London. The intention of the Minister is that supplies shall be obtained from New South Wales, Victoria and South Austra lia, and that the marble shall bo applied for the lining of interior walls, building stairways and laying floors. Both gentle men assured Mr. Glynn that Australian marble was admirably adapted for tile purpose, and he is hopeful himself that the experiment and the advertisement it will give will lead to considerable com mercial export. The Minister was recently shown a piece of marble from the Temple of' Diana at Ephesus. This wns compared with samples of Parian marble from Kapunda, S.A., and it was found that the Australian article did' not suffer. Kapunda, says Mr. Glynn, is rich in Parian marble, and Angaston in Pculelic. Captain Barclay, who returned this week from his exploration tour in the Northern Territory, had a long interview with the Minister for External Affairs ou Wednesday, in outlining to Mr. Glynn- a record of his trip, he laid special emphasis on the importance of. opening up a harbor at the mouth of the Macarlhur River. The work, he suggested, might "be carried through at a comparatively small cost, and provision made for any deep sea vessels. He suggested rthat a railway should be built from the harbor to Anthony's Lagoon, a distance of 160 miles. This line would open up an area of splendid pas toral country eminently adapted for sheep. Settlement was now retarded by the diffi culty of getting to a port.. Captain Bar clay estimated that the. carrying capacity of the country would be wonderfully en hanced by the building of this line- Instructions have been given by the Minister of Defence tliat a strict inquiry shall be made by a departmental" board from the central office into the circum stances relating to the alleged deffance of authority at tlie Liverpool camp. As the statements which have .been made have been exceedingly conflicting in character, tho Minister is anxious to get at the actual facts. Senator Millen left Melbourne on Wednesday for Sydney. Attention was dTawn on Wednesday by the Assistant Minister for Home Affairs (Mr. Kelly) to a statement in Parliament that the Commonwealth railway authorities had a greater supply of sleepers than they had of rails, and -that there ires, therefore, no occasion for alarm arising out of the late delivery by contractors of sleepers. "Tho facte," said Mr. Kelly, "are that the supply of rails, including those 011 the water, for cither end of the railway is con siderably in excess of the supply of sleepers under arrangements existing at -tha.t time. .Tbe arrangements made by the department for rails cover some 700 miles, and the material will all be shortly in hand." A conference of chief electoral officers from eauh State has been called by the acting Minister for Home Affairs for 13th January in Melbourne, for the purpose. of discussing a number of administrative ques tions in connection with the electoral law. The chief Commonwealth electoral officer (Mr. Oldham) will .preside. Complaint js made by the Defence autho rities that in some cases military kit bags arc being- used for private ..purposes by members of the -forces, such as for carrying' kits when going on private .recreation camping trips, and also that Government military boots are being worn, when not on military duty. Every effort i.t to be made on the part of those responsible to prevent the misiisc of these articles or any other Government ' property issued to troops for military purposes, In order that all mem bers of the forces and, cadets may be fully coguisant of. their -duty, explicit reference is to be- made to 'the: matter- oil the first compulsory parade of each quarter, and a recovd ol the same shown in corps orders. Any observed Violation of the Jaw aj -re-' gards the unauthorised use of Government property is to be severely dealt with. Offi cers and N.C.O.'s, -whether ' permanent, militia or cadets, are urged to do all in their power to prevent this serious breaeh of the regulations, Next week the Quarantine department will send up to Sydney the steam launch Jonner, a boat of 80 tons, which haB been specially built for quarantine purposes. On arrival in Sydney the Jcnncr will be used in the quarantine service. - The ' boat, which is of steel, was -built at Robison'a yards at South Melbourne. 'It is the first launch to be constructed locally by the direction of the naval authorities; The" Director of Quarantine received a telegram from' New Zealand on Wednesday stating that two cases of sma!l-pox in the W'ailcaito district had been isoluted, 'owing to the proximity to Auckland. -The ques- tion of removing the quarantine restrictions on shipping from New Zealand is still un settled, and no recommendation will lie made by Dr. Cumpston until he has re ceived more definite information as to the nature' of these new cases. The present restrictions as regards Papua arc lo 'be con tinued. ' I11 view of the intention of the Prime Minister to , ask the State Premiers to nicetvhTm anil his' colleagues in -eonfference early, in the new year to discuss questions of mutual interest, the Minister for Ex ternal Affairs has abandoned his proposal to convene a special meeting of Federal and State representatives to consider the repre sentation of Australia at the Panama Ex hibition. Mr. Glynn stated 011 Tuesday that no further action was 'likely to be taken until the matter had been discussed at this conference. Four of the States had inti mated that they were not prepared to undertake any finnucial responsibility, but it was hoped that a workable arrangement for adequate representation would yet be arrived at. He had already sent a com munication to the State Premiers outlining 0 basis for the discussion of tho question. The scheme outlined by the Panama com missioners was that exhibits of the same kind should be grouped, and consequently exhibits from Australia would be boused side by side with similar articles from other countries. It was particularly desirable, therefore, that the Commonwealth's best should be displayed. Australia was offered 25,000 cubic feet of space, of which it was expected about 16,000 cubic feet will be available for show purposes. The space allotted' to. bach country wns ronlly intend ed for a general national display. At the request of the State Ministry , Sir Maurice, Fitzmauricc, tlie visiting. British engineer, is to report on the/ methods fol lowed .by he ports and burbot's branch for the work of deepening at Port Phillip Heads. Mr. Ilagelthorn, Minister of Public Works, endeavored during his term of office in the first Watt Ministry to expedite the work, but without any very marked result, as the departmental' officers would not con cede that their methods could ho improved' upon. Sir Maurice Fitzniauriee lias been asked to determine whether suffii an im provement as is. demanded for the progress -i thc.j)orfc is feasible. He has been en- gaged during the -past few days iii inspect ing the -system of blasting tit the Heads, and returned .to Melbourne "on Tuesday. He will report, forthwith to the Minister of Public Works. It is gathered that he is of opinion that ttutltr existing conditions it is impossible - to expedite the work/ so that 'five.. or six years' must elapse/before the depth' at the Ifeads is increased to' 43 -feet. Ho lias' suggested that if might be possible to work from' a vessel fixed at tlie one pomt, but the ' officials have - pointed out that- sufficient space would riot be allowed lor vessels entering, and leaving .'tho Heads Before reporting finally Sir Maurice Fitz- muurice will confer again witli thi: officers of the branch. The curious craze for rag-time music, for whutever it is worth, and for however long R 's likely to last, was illustrated at the Upcrir House on Wednesday evening, it was Christmas eve, and most of Mel- bourncs population was in the streets, .strolling- up and down, and looking at shops, but there were nearly enough en thusiasts to fill the theatre, in expectation the rag-time singing competition which .Mr. Gene Greene had organised. in 'all seventeen contestants came forward. Five or six of them were girls, two apparently of from ten to twelve years of age;', there was one boy of - about fourteen, ahd the rest were young fellows in tiie late teens; or early twenties. Each of them sang something to rag-time music, Mr. Greene's accompanist (Air. (straight) being at the piano. There was necessarily a certain amount of monotony about the perform ance, which lasted over an hour and a half nevertheless the audience insisted on seve ral encores. When the last performer had "ragged" in's time upon tlie stage the whole seventron were lined up in a row. Mr. .Greene came forward and announced that he would hold his hand over each in turn; the audience wns 'to signify by its applause which it thought the most deserv ing. The two youngest girls and the pre cocious small boy were each applliudcd with a certain amount of vehemence, as Mr. Greene's hand pointed to them. Some dozen vocalists wqre then retired, with slight marks of favor, and the loudest cheers seemed to he reserved for two young fellows, -J. Eraser, of Ascot Vale, and J. Rkehan. of North 'Curl ton. Mr! Greene declared -Mr. Eraser the winner! The Skelian section, whose champion had sung a song of his own composition, there upon roared its disapproval. It looked as if the honors were about equally divide ! but Mr. Greene was satisfied tbat Air' Eraser bad won the first prize, and Mr" Skehan the second., Eacli of the two then came forward to sing again, and each was howled flown by the supporters of the ? ir" . &ho;,r«y aftoc' P> o'clock both re tired with tne unique experience of having won a prize by popular vote, and having been bowled down by popular disapproval jn the course of one evening. Craig, Williamson Pty. Ltd. announce the oncn- cot ber sum"">r «ale on Tuesday, 30th De- 