i NEWS OF THE DAY j '. The demand for the special Christmas number of - "The Leader." is very heavy, niid, there are indications of ' the edition being quiekly exhausted. The artistic ex- .ctllence of the production is 'widely ac- i kno wledgcd, and the six colored plates included in tlic Issne are much admired. T he features in, this iH'.uibur commend 'it .particularly to tlie purpose' of sendiiig"as souvenir to friends in the old onntry. -It conveys a clear coneeptipii; of the beauty and variety to be found in Aus tralian scenery, and will remove any niis- , conceptions that may exist on this sub ject. _RAI.Si. Orama, with English mails to 17tli Octcffier,' reacilied Fremantle yesterday. .Tlie .vessel should arrive at Adelaide on Saturday,, and -the Melbourne portion of Tier mails should be delivered on Monday morning. Like an old stngc liorse nenring his' stable,' the Legislative Assembly, after utterly wasting -many weeks of ' valuable time, puts on a great siiow of iiace when the session is -closing. This annual spasm is- manifesting itself just now. Yesterday the Premier gave - notice of his intention to move that for the remainder of the ses sion .the House, meet an hour earlier on \A cdncsdays; . that Government business take precedence of other business, and that fresh business be called, on at any. hour. The main effect of the alteration will be to lengthen the hours of work at night time. At present fresh, business cannot bo- taken after 0.30 p.m. .Yesterday's sitting, wniuii was Largely devoted to tlie Charities. Bill, lasted from 3.30 p.m. to 9.45 p.m. An attempt was made by the Corner to take away from. the Board of Control the power of vetoing jnoposals for the establishment of; a'dditional, institutions . and pliiee it in the .liands of the Cvbvcriior in Council, or, .in another word,, the Treasurer. Mr. Watt, wno had previously, consented . to the Go- verniiiont having 'huthority to' say 'whether an institution should be closed, put his foot doivn iieavily; on the amendment, as tending to make the board it mere dummy, The Labor party voted with the -Ministry, and the amendment was thrown out by a majority of -7.. When a proposal was miid'e to strengthen the clause empowering the board to 'call : witnesses, -Mr. Warae -lli- staiiccd the xiowei given the "Railways Standing Committee to imprison defaulters. The Premier surmised that some Braco must have made such a law. "Jf he did," Mr. Warde ' replied, "it must have been printeil in the blood of a mosquito, for it is more of a pin prick than niiyeiiing else." The. clause was passPd 'unnineniled. Pro gress" whs reported, owing to the illness of the Premier, and the Factories and Shops Bill was again taken in committee and ad vanced a stage further. It is placed first on the: list of bills to be . considered to day. ; , . ' . " In order that tlic officers directly eon-, corned. in the control of passenger traffic'. iiiay se'etu'e special knowledge. of the work ing hf .eipti'iciil . railways it is the intention of the Railway Commissioners to send, a number of' bhenr on a trip to Great. Bri- taiu boforc the subiirbaii lines are convert ed to- electric traction.. Altliough no,. defi nite' decision has yet been arrived at it, is probable tliul the first two officers to , go to'' Great' Britain, will be ill'. E. B. Jones; Aetiifg Secretaiy, and.Jlr. X. B. .Mctlomi,-; superintendent c£ passenger train services.1 Both these officers are closely associated %/itli tlie electrification scheme, arid ,'tKe knowledge .they would, gain 'from examining the .working of electric, railways abroad would be a very great advantage to the! de partment in future. \- In accordance with the decision of the State' Cabinet, the Premier has introduced a bill in the Legislative Assembly to .pre vent steamship companies from repudiating responsibility in regard to injuries to pas sengers,' because tlie printed "conditions" under which tickets are. issued contain ail exempting clause. The bill proposes, to abolish the system under which each pas senger in. accepting a ticket agrees that he 'will not regard the company as' liable for any injury sustained on the trip for which the ticket.' is issued. Ship owners will bo responsible to the same extent as the rail way management is responsible for acci dents. The bill sets out that any contract by which the company is relieved from lia bility for loss or damage to a passenger arising from the "harmful or improper" condition- of the ship, or from negligence on the -part of ' the owner' or his servants, shall be illegal and of no effect. "Any owner inserting these illegal conditions in the tickets will be liable to a penalty riot exceeding' £100. 1 ' Ro one 'recognises more than the Prist- master-General tliat Australia lias much to leani'ffoin sonie of the older .'coiintriea of the world regarding tlie conduct-" of Iiostnl, telephonic jind telegraphic services. Since Mr. Agar Wynne assumed office he has introduced a number of much needed and greatly appreciated reforms, but ho candidly ndmits that .there .is still l oom for more. With a view to achieving something in this direction, lie yesterday gave author ity- for- two cf the departmental olficcrs-i- ill'. A. R. 'J ones, "of Melbourne, and Mr. W. Morgan, of Sydney— to visit the United States and Great Britain, with the view of acquainting themselves with the latest im provements in telephone and telegraph working.. He, is hopeful that the result of the trip will .he .the introduction' of ad vanced methods in tlie Commonwealth ser vices. 'Air.' Wynne stated yesterday that 'he had received reports from each of the States regarding the postal works in pro gress, and these were now being indexed, so' that members, would be able to asccr- "tahi immediately the stage at which works in their electorates had reached.. ' It lias been suggested by'n joint commit tee of. ithe Prahran and Richmond muni cipal' councils that the State Ministry should 'insert a clause in the Local Govern ment Amending Bill to authorise ,-tliO: ex penditure of municipal funds in . the " pur chase of motor, omnibuses, and to prevent the running of other motor omnibuses along the saniejroute. The Premier'., inti-' mated yesterday tliat the Ministry was not likely to introduce legislation of 'the kind, asked. The Ministry could not very well give' the power to the municipal councils and, at the same time, confer it on the Greater Melbourne Council. The powers asked for were those that the Minis try pro posed for the Greater Melbourne' Council; and even if. the bill we're not passed through tliis session, it ' was not intended to do anything, that would reduce the likelihood of its being carried next session. The conference . of chief medical officers of tlie States, convened by the Director ot Quarantine, was continued- yesterday. Fur ther consideration was given to the ques tion of repealing the proclamation which declared Sydney a quarantine area, and a' discussion took place concerning whn't action should be taken by the States in re- gard to further epidemics. The proceed ings .were held in private, and. at the con clusion of the. sitting Dr. Ramsay Smith (chairman) announced tliat the conference had decided that no information should be given the public until the deliberations were completed. Tlie conference will sit again to-day and probably till the end of the week. - An encouraging report lias been received by the immigration authorities concerning the. operations; of the yietorian ageiit. iu Denmark and Scandinavia- Al.thougli'It is sonic time smt'.Q MiY .Olaf Luescr tvas' up- pointcd' to represent 'Victoria in -tW coun tries mentioned, very cw immigrants have come, from this .source, but the latest ad- ;jvice.' from Londnu. statcs that .probably , within the next few months, a contingent of about 000 Danes hiyl Scandinavians, will sail direct for this State..,' A vigorous ad vertising campaign' is no\v being pursued in Denmark, Swc d o rf" a i i d Xor way. 'Adver tisements conveying an idea of the agri cultural , resources of Victoria have been' inserted in the newspapers. These have caused many inquiries to be made, arid .prescn t indications 'point' to the conclusion that in time many, of the desirable class .of Danish farmers. will ho induced to'trans- fcr their energies tto this country. Some months .ago, wheu the Minister of immi gration had published ' a special edition of . the Melbourne Danish journal, most of the space was devoted to articles concern ing Victoria rind. pictures giving. a general idea of the methods of farming practised here. Several thousands of these papers were forwarded _to Denmark and distri buted in the farming" districts. The immigration, authorities, disclaim any responsibility for, .the admission into Vic toria of immigrants suffering from tuber culosis or other malignant diseases. Tliey admit, however,' that until the Common wealth took over the m'cdicnl inspection in Great . Britain !of persons intending to emigrate to Australia,' it was impossible to prevent some undesirables from securing Stole assistance as regards passages. The Victorian immigration " officers in London to a great extent have to rely on the medi cal certificates presented by applicants for assisted passages, but at the same time they exercise -discretion, Land although a person might be arme.d with' the" necessary certificate, if 'he exhibits signs of physical infirmity he is refused assistance. The chief- immigration officer yesterday stated that he considered the existing arrange ments in this regard- as most unsatisfactory. The only authority' that could effectu ally deal with the health question from an immigration' standpoint was the Cpm'riionwealtli. ' The Federal medical officer, Dr. 'Xoiris,. who wiis attached to the High Commissioner's office in London, was at present completing his organisation, and it was expected that from the begin ning of next year all persons intending to come to the Commonwealth would be com pelled to submit to medical examination. The, regulation would apply equally to assisted and unassisted immigrants. Prac tically. the whole of the imported tuber culosis cases which camo under the notice of the Health department were persons who had paid , their own ..passages from Great Britain. They had had no dealings whatever. ;with the .'Immigration .depart ment. in a report to. the Minister for External Affairs, the secretary to the British Cham ber of Commerce, Paris, states that ar rangements are being made to start a press ' 'campaign in- the interests of Common wealth products. It-was thought that the end. in view might be most effectually served by the publication of illustrated articles' in some of the periodicals and even in tlie' daily newspapers'. Numerous inquiries had been ' received from French 'firms concerning various Australian pro ducts, but the absence of samples had proved a hindrance to the' opening up, of trade in these products.'-. The report added that- there . appeared to be a possibility of 'having cold storage accommodation at- Monte Carlo, thus covering , the south eastern region, of France. Mix. F. G. Hughes presided yesterday at a meeting of representatives, of, and those: interested in, jyorking gjrls' clubs in the, metropolis., 'file object of tbe meeting was; .to' discuss general problems and difficulties connected, vr.itli the management 'pf .- Wiej clubs, .arid to endeavor to effect ah alfilia-' , tiori. Representatives gave short reports of the \vrirk dqne .by tiieir . clubs, and the class of girls who were, riieriibcrs.' Physical culture, cooking, sewing 'and singing classes were? in- Vogue,: religious instructions were given in some . eases, and recreations were indulged in. The: girls were 'principally: of the factory worker jmd domestic classes. Great interest was taken by them in tlio clubs, and. inter-club competitions were held. Mrs. Harrison Moore moved, and Mix. Graves seconded, the. following mo tion: — "That a council, known as the cen tral council of girls' clubs, should be estab lished", -consisting of four representatives from affiliated clubs, and that from this council an executive should be elected -to carry out ' the detail work in connection with the'-managenient of the annual com petitions -and other business that might .arise." It was agreed that a club 'with the following qualification should be eligible for affiliation with -tlie central council oi girls' clubs:— One -with 'a committee of management, which taught any three subjects which would tend to tlio improve ment o£ tihe girls generally. Certain re commendations .were made -and' agreed to in regard to the conducting" of" competi- tioiis. ; . ' Tlie tedious ' inquiry into tlm circum stances surrounding the dismissal of Mr. , II. Ohirin from . the post of supervising engineer to the Western Australian section of tlie trans-Australian railwaj has at last closed. Its expiring hours were dramatic, Mr. Starke, who appeared, for the depart ment, throwing uji his brief -as a result of the chairman. (Senator de Largie) refusing to hear him cross-examine the ex-Minister for Home Affairs, Mr. O'Malley. Senator do Largie alleged an insult at the Hands of Mr. Starke as' the reason for hi? action. It is announced' now tliat no moro evidence will be called,, and the committee will for mulate its report, which will be presented to tlio Senate on 19th inst. .It liavihg been demonstrated at -yester day's meeting of the Council of Education that the standard' of education required', in aspirants for admiasion to clerical positions in the State .public service is much lower than that insisted on by the Common wealth and tlie New South Wales Govern ment, it was resolved that an opinion be expressed ' that tlie standard should be raised to' meet what might be reasonably expected fi;oin sixteen years old students in State high schools and higher element ary schools. The Director of Education stated that the anatter was already under consideration' by the 'department; and the Public Service Commissioner Would shortly express an opinion regarding it. The pre sent curriculum was framed to suit 'State school pupils, .but it was found that liot five of them" presented themselves for ex amination per' year, the bulk of selections being from secondary schools. , The Council, of . Education, on the motion of Mr L, A. : Adanfson, yesterday agreed to a resolution expressing an opinion that .district, high 'schools and agricultural high schools-should in. future comply, with the conditions imposed on .extra-departmental schools for the recoption of Government scholarship, holders. Mr. Adamson stated that it was unfair to expect extra- depart mental schools to.submit to uiesc conditions, whilst tliey were not imposed on the other institutions. Officers' of the geological brancli of the Minc-s department, though reailly. perman ent employes of the State, filling positions that have- existed for many years, are nominally temporary. appointees. Tlie last Public Ben-ice Act limits tlie term during wbich' a temporary officer may be retained, and the Public Service Commissioner lias exercis'ed exceptionable powers given liiin for the treatment of emer gency cases, whereby tliey have lieen exempted from tliis limita tion. Mr. Smith asked in the Legislative Assembly yesterday why the geological staff had not been classified. The Premier, in reply, submitted a memorandum from the Public Service Commissioner. The only excuse Mr; Morrison offered was that tlie staff had never been on tlie permanent staff. He added that lie proposed, "later on," whatever that might mean, to make investigations and inquiries as to whether it was desirable tp create permanent offi- Cials in ;tlie braSSi' or jt'p :continuc ' the .pre sent. arrangement. Why such inquiries were not made a year ago, when tbe ser vice was reclassified, was not explained. ' Arrangements .liave,. (been made by the Minist'ertof Agrieultufolfor;a farmers' field day,, to be held on Friday at the Riibherglen experimental 'farm. Farmers and others interested in the .work are invit ed to attend, with tlie view of inspecting the various experiments in .progress at the farm.- Visitors will be welcomed at the entrance to the permanent experiment field by the -Minister, at 2 p.m. Afternoon tea will be served. Having committed the indiscretion of taking orders over a telephone and deliver ing goods to a total stranger without .pay ment, at least two Melbourne firms arc how. complaining of having .been swindled, and have reported their grievances to the police. The firms ill question received tele phone messages from a man who, in dif ferent' instances, gave tlie names of'TCirig" and "Vernon," and ordered large quantities of painters' materials to be sent to an ad dress which lie gave'. : He was told that .'the goods could 'not be sent, but tliat lie cd'ild have tliem- if lie fetched them. He 'replied tliat lie would instruct a carrier .to tail. In due course the carrier called, re ceived the good3 and delivered them'at the address stated. Needless to say, from that moment the man disappeared, leaving the consignors to rciicct at leisure upon ;thcir. folly." The question of increasing, the stipends of . ministers will lie, discussed at' the sit tings in Bcndigo this week ot tbe com mission of the General Assembly of tlie Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and it ie anticipated that action will be taken to remedy a state of affairs which lias long been recognised as disgraceful. -A proposal to increase stipends was made in tlie General Assembly last May, and was sent doivn to the lower courts, which re ported in favor of-ndopting it. There- is every-' prospect therefore of its1 becoming the law of tlic church. The scheme pro vides for. an immediate; increase of £25 per annum in the case of new congrega tions, and for the gradual raising of others to tlie same extent. Dr. Gilruth, Administrator of the Northern Territory, is at present on a motor tour in the interior. ' A telegram was received hy the Minister for Exter nal Affairs yesterday announcing his ar rival at Barroiv Creek on Monday. The Administrator added that he hud been delayed' by -having to wait for petrol to be brought, from Taylor's Crossing. Other wise all was well. He said lie expected better roads after leaving Barrow Creek, and hoped to arrive, at Alice Springs, via Stirling Station, on Thursday. The Minister of Public Works lias consented to receive a deputation of re- preecntatives of organisations anil' others opposed to the City Council regulation prohibiting the holding of Sunday inect- iugs. The deputation will be received at the Minister's office to-day at noon. Amongst those who will be represented are:— The Political Labor Council, Trades llall Council, Victorian Railways Union, United Laborers' Union, Socialist party, Spiritualists' Association, Rationalists' Association, and" some of the clim-elies. ' The Eppaloek water storage scheme is subject to the determination of tlie Gov- eniiuent "to prqvidc no more storage until further material progress is made in the disposal of the irrigable State lands and surplus water now in hand. Tliis was intimated in the' Legislative . Assembly yesterday to Mr, Tunneeliffe, who, in .asking when the construction of the pro posed reservoir would lie commenced, said it would bring '40,000 acres of land under cultivation. . . ' .The pi-aspect of. , an; overseas export trade in tomato pulp is .regarded as poor, by tlic Minister of Agriculture. He in formed Mr. -Smith, ..in . the Legislative As- seinblj' yesterday, that the ' 'inducement in Great Britain were' ii6t safiieicuit to warrant shipments. ' The Agent-General hail reported in 1911 that certain firms lie had consulted told him that; as tomuTpcs were received in the United Kingdom from, the Canniy Islands during the Feb ruary-May ' period of the year, it would not pay to ship '.them from A'ictoria. Hamburg, too, received supplies from the Canary Islands. Other supplies went from tlic Channel Islands and America 'to tlie' United Kingdom. A : further: report is ex pected from the Agent-General 'at an early, date, Meanwhile there is ' some trade ;in tomato pulp with the other States, at from £8 to £S 10/' per ton f.o.b., of which about £2 10/ goes in cans and eases. Iheivcckly summer concerts given bv : the. A ictonaii Railways Military Hand n't Brighton Beach will begin ' to- night, and will continue each Wednesday throughout the season, until tlie 'ond of March. The concerts arc free, atid the Railway depart! ment. reduces the ordinary- return fares; i lie band has arranged .to increase the number of pictures shown, and in addition vocal items will 'be included fortnightly on tlie -programme. . 'Taniglit, in the Town Hall, tlie Mel bourne -Philharmonic Society will render Beethoven x colossal 0th Symphony. The Uioral, - with : full orchestra and chorus, under tnc. direction of Air. Allierto Zel- loan. T.his work, which Juts .not hecn given a halt dozen tunco in Melbourne. is ex tremcly dilhcult, and should attract lovers of instrumental music; more especially as there has been, a dearth in orchestral con certs., this year. The soloists are:— Miss A inlet Clank, Miss Elva Rogers, Air. -Ar- tiiur. 'Andrew and Mr. Horace Stevens;' 