? •The Clarence Sisters tiSave aot been forgotten' by the ^Tivoli* patrons; judging I by the genero^js applause which greets .vheir appearancfevoThese song and. dance artists, who are assisted jjy their, brother, havg/been doing well invaudeville in America during the past eight years: "They present abright - and particularly well mounted spectacular quick -change ' act. Th©' "first scene brings the sisters on as fashionably attired young ladies, who indulge in a little, singing, while the brother gives a^cleyer eccentric dance. Then follows a momentary "black out," and the sisters reappear as nursemaids in the park, with prams and babies.. The other.. i character sketches are Dutchmaids and Dutchmen, Scottish lassies dancing the Highland JBIing to the strain's of the bagpipes, and Spanish gypsies.. .Each little scena is appropriately set, and theire are some handsomely painted backcloths. The 4adies -of Sydney were greatly taken with $ass Madge Temple's taste in d'ress, for after - she opened at the Opera House, she received dozens of letters asking for advice on that all important subject. While appearing at the Tivoli Theatre Miss Temple speiitja, lot of her spare time in running a dress;tolumniii a Sydney weekly, and she also reelected the costumes and hats with which a large company dressed, four windows^ which were known as the Madge Templla windows. If Miss Madge Temple, to appear at the Tivoli on Saturday, never did anything else in life, she will go down famous as . the woman who killed the matinee hat. She came homfe one afternoon from a .matinee, and on her husbaid, Mt. Hermann Darewski, asking hef liow" she liked the show, she replied: ''Don't. ask me. All I could see were two /large 'hats in front oi me all the time.'?, "Wow, don't be cross," said Darewski, "let's ibe merry and write a song about the njatinae hat.". He forthwith sat down, and in less than an hour had turned out a song, vwhilp the muchrhHrt wife rushed to the telephone and ordered a hat 12 ft. in diameter, ^trimmed with 24 huge ostrich feathers' oi an average length of two yards. The followingVweek Miss Temple brought this colossal hat 1 ! to the theatre, and after she had sung her song once every newsboy in the street greeted every girl with a matinee hat with the strain of "Why don't you wear a matinee hat?" It didn't take long to settle that Billy fashion once the song became, popular, and was sung to the ladies by those who couldn't see the stagu for their headgear. • The Clarenco Sisters and Brother, who have -returned to the Tivoli Theatre after eight and a half yeairs of wandering in the United States, are; real Australians to the core, and although they have been away so long, they.love the sunny land of their birth with . a Kreat affection.' Miss Lizzie Clarence thinks that Australia is preferable to America in many ways, and particularly in, its home ..life. "There's no homejlife :over there," she says, "except In fh<>: country among the fatrmers. In the cities, the people mostly live in pokey flats built in places that are:, more or less skyscrapers, and' they remind one nothing so much as a lot of birds'-in a tree, all hopping in and "out-of their - little nests. Tiiere is very little of the hearty comradeship that marks Australian life. Everybody is on the hustle. There' is no place for the weary. Take our own profession for instance. We regularly played two shows a day, and every day, mind you, Sundays included, and in one circuit we did three times a day, or 21 a week. What do you think of that? And doesn't it. just take it out of you. That's why they all want rest cures in America. Coming back home is like heaven, and whatever they may say about Australia beans a slow old place, thank goodness thero is a free ani quiet Sunday here. You don't know what it mians to the workers. Wa are so glad, to be back." The Clarencil. troupe have made good in all parts of Atn$rica with their quick changw act,' clothings' , and scenery. . One of the company nowadays is a real, purebred Boston terrier. Cleo came to Sydney with her misl.resn and her master. She is an immigrant to Australia, and the additional indignity was placed upon her of six months in quarantine. She considered it very annoying that a lady, purebred, should be subjected to such an indignity, and at first her owners wero disconsolate, too. They thought they were to be parted -from their pet for the. half year of supervision that the" law imposed; but arrangements were made that befitted tho high notions of the canine aristocrat, and satisfied the sentimental requirements of the Clarences. The Heraldos, the troupe of Danish acrobats, who are to commence a starring engagement at the King's Theatre next Saturday, arrived at their name in a peculiar manner. "I had always taken a keen interest in my profession," said the manager of the troupe, "so when I framed up the act i thought I would secure a name in keeping with the turn. After satisfying myself that our act was not the worst turn in vaudeville T decided on the name of Heraldos. I concluded that we would be good 'heralds* for better acts, and help to popularise acrobats," which- remark caused the interviewer to reply, "You are certainly popularising acrobatic work, but I am very much afraid that ilie public will not rush to see other acrobatic turns after seeing yours. If skill and science have been responsible for a better turn than your act I will only believe your statement as to being a forerunner of better acts when I see the turns which succcei yours." And the pressman was only ritating a fact. The ; Heraldos are one pf the fines 1 ; troupes of acrobats and equilibrists that havo ever visited Australia. Spencer Kelly and Marion Wilder, who are to appear at the King's Theatre to-mono^ evening, are two ot Songland's sweetest singers. The former- was a student of Tostl, thci composer of "Oood-bye," some 25 or 30 year;; ago. "Tostii" said • -Mr. Kelly to an interviewer, "was 5.feet 7 inches in height. Ho was eccentric. A striking peculiarity with him in his gestures was the opening anil closing ot his fingers to. illustrate his vocal meaning. Ho always taught before r, mirror. He had three mirrors surrounding the piano, and he made the student, see iiimseb! in a mirror as he sang. He was a mop: exacting teacher. That almost goes without saying. He would keep you on the one note for months. If you got it he would say, with a glare of joy in his eyes, 'That i.-f perfect!' At the time I speak of, Tosti had a bizarre moustache. I • suppose some would call it artistic. There were little curls in it. His hair was just the same. But he had it cut short: He did not affect long hair. Sometimes he wore a little goatee beard. The presence or absence of this, I think, indicated a change of mood." "Wet Paint" will, be one of the prominent signs in and around the King's Theatre during the next few weeks. . Mr. Harry Lyons, the . well-known decorator, has secured an extensive contract for renovating the interior of the building, and an army of workmen are now engaged on an elaborte scheme of decoration. When this staff has completed their work, the theatre will be refurnished throughout with the latest pattern seating a,nd carpeting. The electric installation wilJ also be remodelled with the latest improvements, thus bringing the theatre into line with the best in theatre construction. ^ Vaudeville in latter years has taken a decided upward trend. No longer do managers or the public tolerate dozens of rednosed. comed^ns and , senios with shrill voices. Stars from the legitimate and operatic stage are the main factors in the success of modern vaudeville, and to jufles from newspaper reports from Sydney it is evident that tho appearance of Spenser Kelly and Marion Wilder, baritone and soprano respectively, at the King's Theatre on Thursday night, will be an artistic treat. Mr, Keily lias been a prominent figure in opera companies for many years past in England, America, and the Continent, while/Miss Wilder's experience has been mostly confined <o the United States, where. she was prominently associated with- the famous Frank, Perley Company. The act they are to present at the King's, on Thursday . nightis entitled "Melodies Past and Present," in* -vhich they feature solos and duets. King and Thornton conclude 'their season at the King's Theatre this evening., _ The Olracs do likewise Thursday night. The gaps left in the bill by the departure of these artists will be filled by Spenser Kelly and Marion Wilder. Meredith' and Adnil, j)oris Tindal. and the Seven Heraldos, and Verhon Smith, so that patrons of this pro-, sressive theatre will be well entered vor during l-he coming week. ? \ SPENSEE KEI»LY AND MARION W ILDER, . / Spnglands Sweetest Singer who open at the King's Theatre next Thursday, 