oe Hiuwcu lUD AlUUiiDCB tw tiiO iJIVWkWIS, " this caravan, the Ministry will be able to travel all round .the country In perfect confi dence, and without being force'd to rely on the uncertain time-tables' of Mr. Johnson's railways. Ministers cohld.: sporit . in every hamlet they passed through i' and'somh of them could even entertain the rustics "with the game . which .Is played with tthr'ee cards on the top of an open umbrella. Tho Idea is recommended, to this Ministry, and to the next. - ' V ?.;. Vaccination 8avagend Refined; This paper arises, .to deliver Jjudgment on the question- of "savage; vaccination;" .which has been discussed fdrr'a' ,few'dhys ,between patients ' and: doctort!. OSd'.'i'dbntto.versialist say's that the difference between savage and gentle vaccination depends on , the doctor; another,, 'that it depends on the temperament of the patient. Both these doctrines are ab surd. It depends on thp number of days which have elapsed, since the vaccination. . For the first few days— it may be four, or five, or sixrryou believe tho vaccination has been performed by a courteous and urbane gentleman; a pleasant, polished aristocrat, aided by a pretty, soft-handed nurse. They merely, scratched and loosened the skin of your arm a little, and bandaged up an absurd little wound so deftly and .kindly, that you went away wishing you had time to ask them put ; to ! lunch. ;;. Biit':'ln ' the next few days' yoji fool that you .were savagely and fiercely attacked by accrue!, monster- with sharp claws and; a Jagged spear. He stabbed you. angrily, .roar ing and growling while he did it;- and he was aided . and. abetted; by , a fiend in woman's Bliape, .wholly insensible to the suffering she 'was -going to cause -you. ' - A few days : later you have; -forgotten all tbeBO evil, thoughts,; arid- you-jknow. ..that .you were- JUatvacelnatedjntlieordihary; way' by the ordinary metHralpraojdtlpnBn r-'. That Is all there Is to it. T/JEr/nOVlrtQ 88 «crr® j C#-SC>W . A Lingulstio Young Man. The following advertisement, whioh is here repeated free' of charge, appears in the "Herald" this morning:— "Welsh.— Young man desires to learn Welsh; would exchange Lessons In German or- Italian; Linguist, Herald Office, King-st." Now, why does that accomplished young man want to learn Welsh? Seeing- that he already knows German and Italian, the first guess Is that he is' one of the ' International. Workers of the World, and as a true Revolutionary Socialist he wants to overthrow the Australian Labor .Party, To help in that movement, he must, learn Welsh. As soon as he knows Welsh he ;'may become private secretary to Mr. W., At Hugho Then, mastering rapidly all: the secrets, of. the-Labor organisation, lie will be able to destroy It, and make himself , the founder of the. Co-operative Commonwealth, which the. Labor Party is in no hurry . to- achieve.. Second guess. He wants to be an Immigra tion agent, and able to talk to any immigrant in his native language. Ho therefore desires to add to his knowledge - of .-German and Italian, and to learn- Welsh, Polish, Bul garian, Armenian, Swedish, Danish, Scotch (Lowland and Highland), Manx, Lancashire- English, Whltechapel-Engllsh, and Oxford- English. .. Third guess. He has a natural' spluttering Impediment in his speech, and wishes to learn Welsh because it is a language in which this physical defect will not be noticed. . Fourth guess (and the one most likely to be correct). He was vaccinated eight, days ago, and having exhausted his stock of bad language in England, German, and Italian, is looking for a new set of expressive impreca- tions, ana, from the spelling, guesses that Welsh would be satisfactory. Anyway, we wish him cwymm y ilanf ww ln. his gwnnsdd. Tho Mighty Atoms. 'Damn lie." "I am '« damn right better Mayor than you were." "Yod are an "atom " bigger atom than you."— Proceedings in the North Sydney Council. . A lot of funny atoms in a council - chamber sat 'em, , . . And the put a single atom in tho chair. They were' sweet and gentle atoms to a man who'd soothe arid' pat 'em. But they squabbled with thlr own atomic Mayor; Half the aldermen atomio in- a fashion crudely comlo Had their fingers In the leading atom's hair. . With a microscopic vision and moleeular precision They examined each proposal that he made. Every speck of them assailed It with- a fury of derision As tremendous as the shadow of a shade; Atom Mllson, Atom Whatmore, Atom Cress- well, and a lot more, A baccllius-Uke ferocity displayed. And the molecule presiding, all their gross disorder chiding, Said: "They tell me what a splendid Mayor I am," And where is there an atom who can see the sense. of hiding. . "When they're, handip# nut that- complimen tary Jam?' ' ' Not with methods Machlaovelllan shall I smother all rebellion, But with, thunder of . my loud resounding Damn." Can a CITY not be founded, ere the lower depths are sounded By the atoms that maintain their shrimp ish sway? The . civic animalculae with Which we are surrounded Offer savage opposition day by day, But at last they'll have the show a tomtit has against a moa, Though they think they're roaring lions In the way. The Caravan Cabinet. This afternoon the State Cabinet will meet at Moss Vale. Moss Vale is in the Wollon- dllly electorate, where' some of the Ministers want to spout, and they have caught Mr. Holman there on his way back from Gunda- gal. The principle of carrying the Govern ment of the country round and round the landscape is a new one, and may be develop ed. Why not, a Ministerial Caravap? Only four furniture-vans would be needed. Tho first van would carry the members of tbe Cabinet, with their blankets, vaccination bandages, and medicine bottles. In the second van would be stowed the press cuttings con taining Mr. Wade's attacks on Ministers, in dividually and collectively, and the Minis terial replies to those attacks. This van will have to be bigger than the first van.. In tho third , van Will bo placed Important depart mental files, In tho care of clerks and secre taries, together with a spare Bet of medicine bottles, corkscrews, . arid soda water syphons. Most of the space in this car will be taken up by the cupboarda In the fourth van, which will have' to be a very big one Indeed, will 1 BatAtnlasa 8n +1 A T7M A Aa With 