Monster Waves. Naming in a Gale. . Winches Tossed Like Corks. Passeoger s'Terrible Experience LONDON, December -27. -The gale increased yesterday,-and much ol the low country in Leicestershire ' is Submerged." An inch , and a-half of rain fell in 48 hours in many parts-of Great Britain. There have heen abnormal tides in* the Solent, and Portsmouth" and South ■' anipton have been flooded, and boats were used"'in the .lowc ^ art of High street, the principal street. of Southampton.. 'The White'- Star liner.- Arabic reports fcaving experienced terrible weather in the * Atlantic. The wind at Plymouth reached 4 a velocity of S3 miles an hour; and three vessels are ashore in , the harbour. In the . midst of'the storui three lifeboatmcn 9 laden with lifelines swam to a rock and ; rescued the crew .of the schooner Ottawa, . after the lifeboat .• had failed to- rescue thera. Other remarkable lifeboat rescues arc reported from Tenby and, "Mumbles. ,Thc battleship. New Zeafand lost her top mast and. wireless gear m \the gale. ■ The steamer Ruahinc was unable to land !ier mails and passengers from New, Zea-• land at Plymouth, and continued "; her .voyage to London. ;** . . A • violent storm raged on the coast of France. The captain of the. Natrung, ca route itr Australia, sent a wireless message that the vessel had sustained considerable damage, and .was in..want of assistance.- Later he .signalled that the .position was still very had, and the last ..wireless message received from the vessel advised that she had gut back with her loredeck swept. The Negada sighted the {Narrung in the evening,, when another steamer was racing to her help. . The admiral in chief at. Brest sent the 'cruiser- Conde to help the Narrung-. and several- other • vessels in distress at \- iUshant. V Tlie Narrung.has on board 248 passen gers for Adelaide, Melbourne, aud Sydney, arid also some for the Cape of Good •Hone.' • : ' The gale registered 07 miles an hour at " paisley. The Penzance lifeboat rescued 27 mem bers of the crew of the Italian steamer TripolUania, which was wrecked at Portb leveu. LONDON, December 29. The Natrung arrived' at Gravesend. at S o'clock • on Saturday-' morning. Her bul warks aire considerably damaged, her fore deck is a mass of.wreckage, her hatches are stove in, and she has a heavy list to starboard. . Captain Bid well left the bridge of the Narrung when she arrived at Gravcsohd, for .the. first time since.Thursday last. He said that' the gale commenced" - after the Narrung. had passed the Channel Islands' on Christmas evening, and .increased in fury until 7 o'clock tho pert morning. The steamer than 'was off Cape Ushant, m France, and was shipping water, heavily. Hor speed was reduced to dead slow, her head was kept to the gale, and then she was bore to. She remained so all the morning, the waves breaking over, her, right up "to the-.bridge. Never before, it is' said, have such a gale and such tremendous seas been experienced for 30' years. In the afternoon a mountainous wave swamped the whole ship, burying her forward and wrecking all the tackle in front of the mast. Vast quantities of water flooded all the passenger accommo dation, smashed the winches, and burst through into the hold. Women and child ren were occupying the flooded cabins. The .wave tore up part of an iron deck, turning it back like brown paper. It .was impossible tor the steamer to proceed, and she was turned round in order to prevent another such sea striking. her. Had she . taken another such sea, ■ it would have been all up with her. ''Turning in the teeth of the gale," he continued, "was a very anxious time, bcnce "the wireless request that was sent, ^ for- as sistance. The turning occupied SO-minutes. were running before it four or five hours before we were out of danger." \- The chief officer, Mr. Postle, estimated that the wave was 7(r feet high. A sea man, named Quirk, was dashed down, and had three ribs broken. It was impossible for some time to remove the women and children from the wrecked cabins. The captain declined to lake food while the ship was in danger. The debris impris-. oned f.v'e men in the cabins for ten hours before tlicv could he released." The male passengers exhibited <rcat coolness, bailing out the cabins, which were knee deep m water. -The women and children suncred .considerably, and-many were helpless through sea sickness. /.«■-• The companv is making an allowance to third-class immigrants., who desired to re turn home' pending fresh arrangements for the.yovagc at the rate of 2s. Bd.. per day. Others will bo maintained at the Sailors*.Home. - Passengers narrate that at the moment the great wave struck the ship, Captain Bidwell • shouted to ihe crew, " Now. boys, it's life or death. Don't trouble about anything else." Order and riiscip line were maintained splendidly through* out. The stewards did • everything that was possible, but were unable to main tain the supplies of food, and manv of: the passengers for 48 hours were with- ; out food, except tea and biscuits. The 1 wireless operator, Mr. Reynolds, was working continuously for 50* hours. . The ; firemen were waist deep in water, and j the.coal was swept out of the bunkers.! The seamen, on Friday night • gave - up their bunks to the women. Lloyd's estimate the value of the cargo of the Narnrag;at £100,000. Another account says that two; moh-' ster waves rose up s"uddch!r.';The Nar rung .rode over the first, .and . thenj plunged into the trough instead .cL rising -j to ,meet* the second.. As • the vessel 'went; down, the wave swept clean over "her. ; All the damage was done at one blow, i The deck cabin doors of .the saloon were torn off ; the foremast was broken in three places ; the winches were :torn adrift and: tossed about like corks. The i water in the starboard ' bilge " of the ! engine-room was four feet deep, causing | the steamer to , list ten degrees.; By ,wireless telegraphy touch Was inain taiheds with several steamers until the .Naming righted, : and was able to dis pense with assistance. Eight* lifeboats j were made ■ ready. • although • they. could not have lived in such a sea. One woman was caught-by the sea, and despite her frantic .struggles -she was washed to and fro on the deck till: she - was nearly drowned, and almost all her clothing hail been torn ofL Other persons were washed about like corks. Mr. Pi Marion, who is proceeding to Adelaide "says' that the 'jvomen were imprisoned- in the flooded cabins, .and could not he released/when the ship; turned. Her rail went down many times to, tho .water's edge, and the water poured down • tho ventilators. Mcsdames Sullivan and. Mark, who were travelling to Adelaide, were .injured when the partitions of the cabins were smashed. Some of the occupants of the cabins were up to their W3ist. uT water. Mrs. Philipps, of Glastonbury, was assisting Miss Fierth, when she was dashed against the bulwarks and badly bruised. - Many of the.trunks in tho cabins were smashed, and everything was washed out. Some of the women were in their nightdresses for two days. ^ ; Many other vessels arc returning to port in a crippled, condition, and with Uieir sailors injured. ■ The Beacon Grange has reached the Solent. A sea swept her near the Cas kets. All her starboard lifeboats were smashed, the davits snapped, and the ; cabins .were wrecked. ' j The steamer Duchess o! Cornwall has ! reached Falmouth. She encountered Ire- J ! mendnus seas, which tore away her fun nel? smashed all the boats, and put out | | the fires in the engine-room, two meu ! being drowned. The stokers ecrs worked in water up to their knees, ami their heroism saved the ship. The storm destroyed the saiivport. at Old Portsmouth, from which Lord Nelson and other uavaii heroes embarked. The Danish steamer Volmar has foun dered. ; The captain and a sailor were picked up in-an open boat off the'Lizard after they had been for two days suffer ing great privations. * Thirteen men were drowned. . .* \- The iour-mastcd barque Maryann Ellead body, of Glasgow, with a cargo of Aus tralian wheat .for Limerick, has been re ported, in "distress of! Calwajv* Her sails have been destroyed, and she-has a iheavy list to starboard. ; v 