THE EMPIRE TRADE COMMISSION - (By Telegraph.) r BRISUANE, Anril 8. The Emnlre Trade Commission to/* funlhnr evidence to-day in Brisbane. Mr. E. G. Scriven, Under Secretary for Agriculture, filiated tbat theoretically, a preiliiinary training for ^miffranus would be Invaluable, but pnaoWcally fc<j did nci see how it would be iiedui un less oi great exipeoae. About 3000 odd nominated Immigrants came In ft Queensland last year, o£ whom CO d<* scribcd thempolves cs farmers, and About 200 as farm laborers. The hcjt way to make a man Into a farmer v?aa to let lihn work out his own salva don. Questioned with regard to employment In Queensland ihe wit ness declared emphatically there was no lack of employment here on laud. From the day the omlgn&Bt; landed he could work. Farmers were crying for men. The wages were good, and everything was good. WliQe&s; men tioned that Queensland was the only state wh'eh exported lyufcter in every month of the year. During the win ter a proportion of buUer went South, hn4 was used by 4he people who send, down butter overseas. Witness said that grading was desirable In the in tcre&;8 ot the State, it kepi up the reputation of the produce. Hegaitl ing the handling of produce in Eng land, he stated tihot In London all whs satisfactory, but tfbe trouble was tlitt: hitter when sold to a retailer was blended w.th other buitter, and sold as best Dorset, b?st Danish* or what ever name might be. | 'By sir Alfred Bateman: Australians were great consumers of meat. Th»y ato meat three times, and eo^netim^ four times a day. On the subject of sugar growing, witness expressed the opinion that \he days of big sugar tutos were over, and thai there was nn Increasing tendentr forfaraur* to plain 40 or 51) acres with oane, nnd send it to a central mill. Inhere was no more reason why a canegrc-JW should own hie mill than the man who Frew wheat should own his flour mill. It was nn extension of the co-opera tive principle found In dairying, and applied to sugar-growing. It would lend to increase the number ot Cen tral Mills. David .Tones, cotton expert, said lio was sathfiom the soil and climate of Queensland were eminently suited to cotton cultivation. as was Inderd two titled* of Australia. Feme cf Uie cc\\* ton raked In Queensland had bw:i valued by Lancashire cotton spinners as high as 1 / per pound. The tkjsUou of Au&nalla; was olmoat unique since there was no portion of tb0 world where so many varieties could be rais ed. ewvpt Oeftfral A.frJoj. Cotton erew wild in thi* Continent. Prae lirally nil Aue'ro^an cottons were ',»?«. cnnlal. There 1s no doaH, according to lh° adJrdioBitlons or "Uie Cotion Growers' Association of England, tbc* cotton eould b* fcrown succestfully in Amtraltn. Mr. Garnett: And despite tbe great cotton potentialities of your clluiaie I and soil, your firm is ot' th" convic- j <pon that lack of population debars you entering into competition with I the great companies or tbe world. FYom cottoa-growgng in Queensland, i C4 per cere could be realised against! 36/ from dairying. Frura the point; of a view ot a healthy virile race, do you <lilng no other term of agrioinWure more favorable than cotton growing. Witness: None whatever. Mr AVllkle, on behalf cf (he Cham ber of Commerce, said there was a great Held lor reducing the cost of inrter-lmjierial telegraphy. Witness suggested StaAe- owned cables was the | remedy for the high rates. The Hon. A. J. Carter gaVe evidence regarding tbe probable effect of iho Panama Canal on this country's tr.ulc. Tbe principal ndvamage in bis opin ion, that between Europe ani Aus tralia, there would b* an increased tonnage of vessels, and therefore u ieduction of freight. Urtebane would benefit aft first pari ot rail Inwards, and last port on ibe outward v°yagw. ] It would form a diis'vlhuting pen lor Australia, a naval basn, nud a harbor 1 of lefuR*. Th<> Cannnisslon ad>ooirned till 10 morrow. r 