NEW "WORKSHOPS AND FACTORY laws in Germany, BERLIN, January 25. Workers in 2lnc-workB and ziucsmelteries labor under conditions which Are particularly injurious to health. Attempts are made to improve the working- conditions, but in most cases they are weak-kneed eltons and serve very little to mitigate tho dangers of tho evil atmosphere pervading in such works. The German Federal .Council (Eundewralh) liavt just made sueli an attempt. Eased on paragraph 20 ol' tlie Industrial regulations thc-y have passed new rulc.y (December 13, 191"), whicli shall in ciL'eet lesson the dangers of workshops. They have dealt ehletly with lilting and technical pruivssc-s from an hygienic point of view; provided l'or the prevention and re- U muvrj ul' dust, better ventilation, and provision ot pure drinking water. Further. it is ordered that tlie gases eseapini?; from distilling luhes, also steam, etc., must be conducted out into the open air. Hidfilud iishes are not to he drawn through lacturies but must he. disposed of iiv way of a subterranean p than"-' The employment of young persons and females In ail smelting works, and 1 lhe removal uf ashes and carrying of material to the furnaces, Is forbidden. Uut! Youths between 10 and IS years of age may undertake such work when a doctor has eertllled to tlie effect that the development of tlie person will not be injured thereby. There are various other matters dealt with sucli as the position of the washing, batli, and dressing rooms; which must not adjoin the dining room; and, also, a doctor must be engaged to atch over tlie health of the workers. It Is permitted to take food in tile orl: rooms, but a worker shall not enter the dining roum before having ashed hands and face. Tile new regulations came into force on January 1. More satisfaction would have been afforded had a particular; exception not threatened to nullify the! best In the provisions. The authorities mav still give permission for the cmployment of females in places wherei they have been previously engaged, till January 1, 1920. A good pari of the regulations will mean nothing more than mere printed paper for many works. The politician disturbs himself very little In the matter of thel protectinn uf the factory workers' heal (h. cap i la I deintwid t» that he without consickM-uiiun wht-n dealing with tlio pt-ul'-iariat. Unemployment in UuildinG" Workers' l.T'uions ol' Germany.—An inquiry lias rvvcalod that the <3«* v man building unions, on OetoKr CC last, had 332,^24 momhtra. ol thf members who CMjne within tlu» scope of tho inquiry 271,214, oqua'l lo 00.3 per cent., were employed, and 29,(ITS, t'qual to 9:9 per. cent, unemployed. The causes of unemployment wen-. In the case ol* 19.KG8 men. tM'eciive works; *J,700 men, weather conditions; 7110 men. Illness; equivalent to G,G per cent, for tlie first l-uason, u.y lor the second, and l'.4 lor the third. Of the particular trades the plasterers were worse after.-tod—in Sep- tcmbei—and the Isolators tho li-ast. Of the former 11.4 per cent., ai.d fjom the latter 7.6 were workiesr. The m.nsons had 9.1 per cent, out of work, and the navvies, etc., 10.5. Argentina.—At lhe beginning of December Congresses of the two federations of trades unions were held in Buenos Ayres. Thefle unions, although both under anarchical and syndicalist Influences, had up to then strongly fought each other. Since the brilliant ye ir of Jyus the membership, especially under the regime of the m anti-Labor laws, has fallen off. This brought about a common meeting arranged in order to consider the amalgamation of the two unions. As no decision to this effect was arrived at onoihf-r common congress will be summoned. Austria,—Many collectivc agreements terminate .n the building trades this year. Negotiations between the or- ; ijanisations of the employers stipulated in the beginning that all question of tho reduction of hours must be omitted.—"The Union of the Youth." —Tho Government is going to lav before parliament a Hilt for the compulsory establishment of municipal agencies for apartments in communities of a certain size. A landlord will be compelled to announce that he ha» empty rooms, and to announce again when they are occupied, while the municipality will have to give information to seekers of apartments and issue regularly a list of free rooms.— A petition with more than 10,000 signatures has been sent to Parliament by the Rakers' Union. In which it is desired that the Government improve its own Bill for the protection of workers House.—The new Association Law passed- by tlie Imperial Parliament, but which lias to pass the Upper House, Ives women the right to Join political ssoclatlons for the first time. Belgium.—Since the end of December over 2000 textile workers have been on strike in Roulers on account of a lock-out They demand 10 per cent Increase in wa/?es, while the employers only willing to give seven per cent, in some branches. The Belgian Trades Unions' Commission has decided to recommend the discontinuance of the common strike fund, and that the con tribution shall not be levied any more until the next Trades Unions' Congress. The ground of the recommendation Is the formation of numerous national and centralised unions.—The glassworkers In JcmappeB, have held a protest meeting against the methods employed to make them . teetotalers. At tho entrances to the factories they are met by gendarmes who see that no alcoholic drinks are smuggled Into the works. Inside tho factories, however. the owners can sell all kind of alcoholic llqu.nrs In the canteens.—The preparations for political general strike in order to obtain universal suffrage have been carried on everywhere. The provincial trades council: commended all a All hi tod organisations to elect special commissions for the encouragement of thrift. ' These commissions should issue savings' stamps on every opportunity, visit the workers in their homes, and make clear *he value of the movement, to the women In particular, and repnrt to their; centre monthly. The question of a ; general strike is to be dealt with at overy gathering and assembly, and the importance of avoiding alcohol and gambling emphasised. Overtime should be avoided In all cafes when the Increased production brought nhont ip this way may Injure the prnsnootlve strike.—Following Jn the footsteps of the Brussels' Educational Committee, which founded a trades union school last year, tho co- operative, centre in Luttieh equipped a soecfal school for the co-operative movement "which was opened on January IS. This Is a new and pleasant sign of the recognition and growing Importance of the educa«- tlonal efforts made In tlie Belgian Labor movement Canada.—The management of the Canadian Trades' dnd Labor Confreres have Informed English Party that tho organised workers ol Canada are solid against the "warship present" wliich th<s Canadian Government intend to make for political purposes. The Canadians fear a strengthening of the "Jingo' 1 agitation and the mad craze lor increased armaments as a reult of the gift- The workers of Canada have also repeatedlj declared at the congresses their intention oi" working for the world's puace.—In the effort to break dov.-n Ihu strike of the miners at Cumberland, British Columbia, the Government have given the mine owners permission tu procure "GO Asiatic blacklegs. The Labor Party huptis that this measure will bring the party many victories at the next election. Denmark. — The importation of Polish and Galician workers for Danish agricultural labor ivas continued in In that veur. according to ofliclal reports 12,0011 Polish agricultural laborers entered the country during the summer. Including DCOO wonn-n ajid hildien. On the Danish islands every twelfth worker on the land was a Pole, the number uf Polish workers being ItiOO higher than in the previous year. . Practically all the Important workers were engaged on the iaml. Only "16 L were otherwise employed In work sucli I brickmaking. railroad laying, and | A curious thing 'l"-- 8 '- nnpi vorke not onlv -imaged landowners, but the small farmers. In Jutl.'iljd I'oles were employed, imall farmers on the Islands i.Cuu. These Polish workers V engaged in beet cultivanatioll.lllties ot the various 1-ere .1? follows: (ialicians . '" lan Poles 72. Uussian Poles •''nd n ' about 00 belonging to other nations. A law has been in existence some >er.rR dealing with tlie posililts I 1ion of ipurted worki J ndenvors t > do i effects .01' expl< Prance—The sculptors of Boi .leaux have been on strll.'e since November in order to obtain tlie free Saturday afternoon.—An inquiry by Dr. llnger reveals i tlie manner in wiucn France is carry vlng civilisation to Morocco, where " men ^ and women r,.ntnen are — l . becoming more and.more accustomed to alcoholic -i",.- llauorc i . Such 1 drink = is iUrd 0 M U uV-i„ the climate of Morocco. In the Casablanca for ex- i ample, the number of bouses selling ! spirils rose within four years from j four to 1C1. From 190H to 1910 the import of alcoholic liquor doubled.- j ] According to oflicial statistics re i mines and quarries, etc.. there were | !,, 1911 n total of 58=51 such undertak- Ing* with 274,MS employees, of whom : 43,134 work under the protection of llie j .specal laws of 1S92.—Feu the suppoit n!' members in Albaine who have been locked out since October 1, 1912. the Leather Workers' Unions are now levynig 2d. per member per month on its , com, ades.-Slnce the IP committee members entered prison nn accoun' of tbe nnti-military n.-;iti(ion of lhe Paris : building TYnrkei-ft' Union, one prison a'nne hnuses not less than trade unioiiisls whu iiave been sentenced for political offences. And ovr 111" floor or the prison, as over .ill French prisons Plan'!:; the wrnls: "Liberty. Equality, and Fraternity." Gormanv.—All ovor the country hundreds of overcrowded public meetings have taken place in protest against the increased i.-rice of meat, and the duel cause uf llu.- increase—tho tariff on imports. The Immediate opening of the frontiers 10 fureign fvna^n niera was. in particular, demanded.—In the infddk- of January lhe section of the longshoremen, raftsmen, and dredgers, ivho arp organised In the Transport Workers' Union, hold a branch confer- ence in Berlin, at which 10,542 membo-'S were represented as against S7C2 in the previous year. Over 9300 of these arc at the present moment engaged in a movement for the Jmprovemont of wa-?es and the conditions of labor.—A hard fight ?or the improvement of the conditions under which thev work is being waged by the bakers whose employers have organised themselves against lhe movement. In Magdeburg ihe Guild of Master Uukors have deeiOod to impose a fine on any member who com^s to a tariff agreeent with his employes.—The hotel and •estaurant workers are protected by n old decree by which the so-called skilled personnel may claim a 24 hours' rest day everv 14 days, and six hours rest every w»ok. Tlie daily work time rot exceed 1G hours. Tncror.se on dnilv phlft is not permitted on more than CO days In the year. Tho Unskilled workers have up to tho pyeont enjnved absolutely no protective law.—Inquiries hpve been Institutr-d by >e Building Trades' Corporation In •dor to ascertain the frequency of nedents in lhe trades. The result ro- •»nlort' the following fnct*. In the -.vk^s hranchrs accents occurrod per 1000 workers: Musons 12.38. car I'enters 1C.80, scaffolders 43.4. painters K.H2. glaziers £.?4. stucco workers R.-12. pi iters SJ.JiO, plasterers r,.cr», wellsinkers 12.42, stove setters stene culto-s c.78. stone breakers 31.4-1 Thi= inquiry covers one year.—Accord in.? to the census of 1907 there were in Germany 19(i. r »C3 foreigners penr>an«-ntlv emratred in agricultural •work, in building. fcr>,r>20In collieries. 20.211 In the stone and pottery trades. 1H..13S In the textile industries 1 2 , i n the metal work trades. 943K in the nothing trades. Meanwhile the numbers of foreign workers in Germany lnvc- risen rapidly. The "German Workers' Centre," a private body composed of the chambers of agriculture, etc., which obtains season laborers, and also industrial workers from abroad, where special agents are kept, prides itself on Its activity for the protection of and inter working with the Government. The foreign workers are compelled to obtain an annual registration card from this workers' centre of the employers for which they are char,fed a high fee. Whoever lias not such a card, or has not his last employer's signature on hie card to certify that thu holder left his employment in a satisfactory manner. Is expelled from the country. During the past year this centre brought a round 600,000 foreign workers to Germany and sent them to work for the most pitiable wages and under the saddest conditions.—The Munich Labor Temple has jii£>t been opened. The work of erection was commenced last March on a plot of ground in one of the main streets which was £f-000). The building itself was readv purchased for 180,000 marks (about in November, the cost amounting to COO.OOO marks (about £30,000). This will be th« central home of 70.0flu Munich trade unionists. It contains besides restaurant rooms, a large as- •mbly hall, and the offices of the trades unions, the Social Democratic Union, and tho workers' ambu corps. There is ah » to be fonnd the central library of the trades unions. Groat Britain.—^n International Transport \7orkcrs' Congress will take place In Londort In June of this vear. Previous to this it is Intended to hold International Railway Servant; Conference.—The strike of the 5000 miners In Wales has terminated since all non-union men have joined the re* spective unions.—The Union of toilermakers have, by a referendum vote, decided to withdraw from the Labor Gyers t^Vi'^.l" S « Z vS 1 ?;!/ 1 1 m xor K * i inq*aee of i«?r»«n« J WoeU .and SaU ? f ternoon. free from 1 o'clock, wlthyuti having to resort to a strike. Tho*e tfho are employed by members of the Binployerfi' Association are still fighting,, particularly against the Introduction of piece work.—The of the Xondon taxi-drivers cavers 12.000 worker!, AH <^9x09,tB ftutufti Afr«e* ment have up tn the present fallen »ugli. Tile union is nuw considering a scheme lo organise the taximotor traflic on a co-operative plan, and, after taking the advice of experts, to replace petrol by some other driving power whicn will only necessitate the slightest alteration of the motol'H. The largest of the firms affected by the strike have offered lo sell the motor cars to the men on the instalment system.—Shortly after the Government had declared its intention of placing its printing orders only with sueii lirms allele the eight hours day was observed, the London County Council similarly '.lecidcd to have their worfc done where the maximum weekly worktime is 50 hours.—Within the first fortnight of the State Unemployment Insurance for Building, workers, shipbuilders, wheelwrights, etc.. ceming in force, So.tiUO eligible out-of-works applied orke agai: makers are iifgotiatin; plovers regarding a to country. They demand minimum wage ol n u , a general ri males, etc.—Oil a ien of Ihcir demand j^ng,,,, aist slrike, They have tion to decide v .vitii tiie emcommeiice, llolland.- grapliieal t bee on ce January ; < in Ainst* Altogether Hifi< lilts are allect :'d. tli.-eaten a general lock- failed nove the striki '• nuw cndea\i orcifin Ijiucklegs. r.r to place irders abroad, particularly in nd Germany. Huniory.—Tile Xaticn.il Ciingri the Woodworkers took pla ber 2G in Budapest. TUei members represented as In 1010; included in these figures were: 11,147 joiners, 175 turners. "S39 coopers, 745 upholsterers. 1&9 lirushmakers, 39G wheelwrights, 52 baskett-makers, etc. Tlie J union's omoo» eupnai capital jius has osvu risen from hoim ®S00 to 100,000 kronen. Unemployment ^no strilte benefit . is paid by the union. A proposal p.uuu™ to .uuuiluce Ultrod sick beneiit was rejected— rejected.—! Since the grc-ai strike o: the Budapest waiters in 1910 the hotel andI restaurant proprietors have ,mt - ,ated an employment agency, and withdrawn patronage from llie ellow Geneva Lnlon. though the union should have their trust as a supplied ,if strike ureaherE^ m.itnoii an agenes una union cannnt gain manil^ els so It t 111 corn- PetB w ith the emplojers,. the future and Budapest will again have 2C prefesslonal eml ojtnenl> agencies and -4 , °r, do1 ; —An °f the Prime Minister announces that "orMiodj cs.cept i).ii.ee ollicals, who ! n time preient emigrants who have "'" f r v i c c lmv : , C 0 «n'O' will receive a reward j 01 elg,lc K,oncn P er noa<1 - | Japan.—The Government ha« in view the preparation of a I3ill, wliicli, if .pjisB-il. \vi!i ...mpe) employers to divide ;amongst workers who have pnt been .engage.] in any stoppage or work durling Ihe y. nr. n certain perc. at ihe end of the y-ar. Mexico.—What is perhaps the greatest strike in ihe history of Mexico, ir, now taking place. Thousands of m^n employe,! in th® shnps of the national railways ore demanding increased pay nnd an eight hours day. Tho Government attitude is not conciliatory. Norway.—Tn Trondjem a ."syndicalist opposition club has been formed within the trades unions. At ihe head of the syndicalist movement in Norway tanus the editor of tho party organ in Trod.lem, Traumal. who is consciously orking towards the disruption of the trades unions movement. The aim of the syndicalist propaganda in Norway I reform of the trade.* unions' laeticp to direct action, sabotage, and against ic collective agreement. •Roumania.—The gut cleaners in the largei* slaughterhouses have been looked out for four weeks. The employers endeavoring to the work done abroad, especially looking for assistance to Gormanv and Holland. It is possible that tho watchfulness of the organisations of these countries will dash Vhis expectation to the ground. Russia.—The celebrated doctors' society, "Pirqgof," has issued an urgent appon I for Support for ten provinces whore the people are starving for want of necessary provisions. According to tlie estimates of the authorities more than two million hectares of land have uncultivated owing to this, and It is anticipated there will be stiil consequences, nth Africa.—At the first conference of the South African Labor Party at last wool-, one of the most fmpnrtnnt questions di«cnsed was that on colored labor. Tho conference propose to admit colored men to trade unions provided tho guarantees rvt*> forthcoming that white standards will be uphold. While determined to maintain white ideals Labor will plaoe no obstacle? jn (bo way of native? attainin.? so much. The party will oh«>ervr. a passive polioy In regard to the latter. Heavy penalties for cohabitation of whites with blacks are insisted upon. There are l",0n0 members in tli? South African trades Spain.—The painters of Madrid are among the few favored trades enjovlng the eight hour day. Founded in ISA!) tho organisation since 1902 has had this working time, The first raising of wages from 3.SO to 3.S. r > of 20 centimes was obtained In l!Ul after a strike of f»Mtr weeks. Shortly after, however, sno of the 1200 members of the organisation were locked out. The workers wore defeated but tho organisation has recovered since then. To-day the painters receive pix pesetas and thchelpers 3.50 per day of eight hours. Sweden.—The management of the I'nion of Masons and Woodworker^ has published a proposal to b-a *,aj<] before the next conference, for t>j0 jnnri. at Ion of unemployment benefits. For he masons this makes & much higher contribution necessary. The woodorkers have discovered through inquiries that this innovation, through theic- connection with the building •kers, %vould create great difficulties for thorn. Tt has, therefore, booh proposed that tho building workers should cut themselves off from tho IndustrlHl Union of Woodworkers and thai the benefit he regulated by a collective agreement. Swlt2erland.—The rmnloyors and the Liberal Party are "working with feverish zeal to found "yellow" or blackleg unions all over the land.—The Federal I Parliament has decided to create an otiice for Social Insurance for which | has been prepared by State U Hocident and fnvalidty insurance.—The Government propose a rsill for a Post Oflloo Savings Bank with franc ... posits. Lower deposits con be made hy means of sticking postage stamps on forms. United States.—-The ' strike of th textile workers of Little Falls. Nov York State, haa ended after 32 days the working hours being reduced from ;C0 to 54 per week and the wages being ; raised on an average 10 per cent. In this strike again the police acted with extreme brutality.—Tho strike of the hotel employes was supported bv a mrgG rujmDer or tbc b<?st llotcIS and iS restaurants yet the success of the movement has not been so good as it might have been owing to the weak preparation under the now Immigrants and their union, and the German waiters' Federation, a "yellow" union with headquarters in Germany, came to ,.employers as i strike breakers.—In Baltimore ... _ large _ J union ot builders has been founded ior j '^'^'rr-nV^t"' thT ^nfrm^ — Jn Detroit Mlrh S m ^ i n nn'nmnl? - wliU-lC has k-d to! t..ik". tjnu is cutting of ruinous IklEIo in tho performing of tho men's daiiy work.—From New York it is reported that the paper rulers and blank book binders, members of the International Brotherhood of Bookbinders, have scoured an agreement increasing th^ir minimum scale to 21dol. per week.—Tho strike of the garment workers of New York has ended in a victory for the workers. Only the cutters are now out. The men. demanded tho eight hours day and increase In wages approximating 20 per cent, with a minimum wage for women and girls of lOdol.. and men lOdol.—The Goshen outh Bend and Chicago Railway Co, the Valparaiso and North Raihvav Co and the Gary Connecting Railway Co.. have entered into an .agreement with the A.A. of Street and Electric Railway Employees under which trainmen receive an Increase in wages ofUve oer cent Trainmen nov, for the first six months receive SO cents per hour, fok lowing six ^months 32% <-ent£, and 35 ««&te; n»r hour thereafter. 