DOMINIONS COM : MISSION. fBy TeleeMph:] fi* BRTSRAKE. AorS 7. £? The Dominions Trade CommisBicji re *j - aamed its sittings this morning. Tlie mem j* ;/bew present were: — Sir Edgar Vincent t^. (Chairman), Sir Alfred Bateman, and the f. Bob. 3. R. Sinclair. J - F. M. Ransom, Secretary of the United & i Pastoralists' Association of Queensland, i -', said tint one of the- main factors in the 'fjt developmept of the pastotal industry was £;.- l-eU that the diminution of the supplies ??„. from the bores was, perhaps, doe to de ls' fectiye casing allowing the water to |F- escape. V-: T»e Chairman : Then it is roar Tiew (jr. zbat the amount of water -taken by these £i bores is leaving the capital amount of & \- *water untouched ? '-'.?'? . Witness : I think so, yes. jjU . ? ? The Oulrman : Do you take it that a C; large number of bores could be oat down ^- over the present areas covered by t£e j. bores without affecting the pressure or t the supply ! . . K'_ . Wit«ess: Yes. *',? Witntas in reply to further questions, V «aid that there was plenty of scope for t. labour of the right kind on pastonl sta f? 4aom. Shearers who began iJi Oueenja ^'v^and could continue shearing all throngh i^-~ tbe States, fini«TittiF up jg Xasmania or S^ New Zealand. Shearers wbo remained in ^Queensland coold be employed at station '.- »ork for the rest of- the vear. J.. Bit Chairroan : Your riew is that the ; younea- and more adventurous men C: ? hTiobH be employed i& the outside pas-. ?£ taial districts and that as they get older S-* -urt settle down they should come back p -to the famine and dairying district* f gf- Is tiat the practice ? «?;. WStness : Yes, to a lajse extent. fe'. J. H. NichoDs, pastoral inspector to %j John Collins and Co, said tbat he did ia sot know of any large area of land in S. QoecnsOind that had still to be brought *- under pastoral use. There was a lone f££-r narrow «trip along the border and more *. land in South Australia ; but the latter W^. was Tery dry country. By dividing up Ig- ana improving a station he thought it e if .tnxgiit carry one-third more stock. «j t; ? L. M. Bond, a director of P»rry « ^, .Brathen. stated that in recent years Bri -? ii fiab sianufacturerB had wakened up con ;' i'} aiderably to the necessity for seeming Sji. 'Anstralian. trade by njodayinE 4ieir I %*. majinfactureg to colonial requiremenljB J §- ?_. Speakuie generally, one of the difficulties i Ej was that English manufacturers Were g/not ahw to the fact of making articles 1\. -«nitab-e to Uie Australian trade. Ame Jr'iicaa manufacturers were more keenly [?lie to the requirements of tie various f. British possessions. In the firearm trade -' the Cmted States and Belginm were ? -«atering for Anstralia better than Great £ ' The Hon. T. C. Beirae, MT.f! neai of %- the firm of T. C. Beirae and Co., drapers, ' ? ?aid that in his opinion during the last &\- tea years the English manufacturers hod *- very consdderaWy aiwakened to the ~ muimilj of suQplyinfr Australian wants. f.He did not think that England could com ;'~-Vtt*. 'it* Germany and France in light ^«dd.l^ttly fioisSKd wool dress goods. with -which England did no*'«eem to V able to compete. By Mr. Sinelair : Tie mother eonntr/ had reca-43irea trade in certain lines by reason of merit and csterine lor tie de mand. ' - ?' ? ' B. W. Macdonald. General Manager of the Anstralasian United Steam Naviga tion Company, said that, taking the coast from Fremantle to Cairns, the depth and wharfage accommodation at some of the port* were not as good as he would like. If the channels and ports of Aus tralia were improvedV4us company could supply bigser vessels. His firm hod in contemplation the building of a vessel iSO ft. in length as a sister ship to the Indarra. His firm had asked him if its length could bo extended to 470 ft, and his reply had been that be was afraid not. . | Charles Erans. Commissioner for Sail ways, said that the caoitai /expended on th» railways opened to traffic up till the 3lst of March, 1913, amounted to £29,000,000. On the question of fares and freisbts. witness said that the in creased cost of labour, fuel, locomotives, rolling stock, and nraterial must have .the effect of increasing fares and freights. The Commission then adjourned until to- morrow. Benjamin Magnus, General Manager of the Mount Iforgan Gold-mining Company, {rare evidence in advocacy of the en couragement of the treatment in Aus tralia of all Australian produced metals and the encouragement -o£ the consump tion in tie English rolling mills of such copper as nas produced and refined in Australian Tfce En^ish znills, he fiaid, should give preference to such material. At present tlie bulk of the copper mined and smelted here went to America, for electrolytic refinement and was then sent to England to be drawn into wire. Abont one-fourth of the copper was refined in Anstralia, and the remainder went to America. Ther wanted to see all the copper refined here, and there was no rea own nay ii Bnuma not DC The Chflimwn : How do yt-n account for so mnch goinsr to America T Witness: The larger American refineries finance some of tile Australian mines. One of t&eir; big considerations is to eet eon trol of the copper that Ihose mines pro duce so that finally they will have con trol of a very mud lareer percentage of all the copper production. ?Witness went on to inform the Com mismon that tie cost of refining was £3 per ton of blistered copper, of which £2 was iot labour. 'Refining could be done here if the English rolling mills would insist on accepting only copper which was produced and refined within the Empire. The Chairman: Can you suggest any means of bringing that about ? ?Witness : The Australian Government might use means to encourage it. Xhere could be an export duty Ion copper which I was sent out fa be -worked in aaotfier. country. I .Tie Chairman : Hut is really beyond I oor boundary. ' . Witness told the Chairman that -the I Australian miner, when worfcunr on con tract, whereby he employed his own brains to increase his earnings, was a most excellent workman. The actual cost of mining at Mount Morgan com pared very favourably with that of other countries so 'far as contract mining was concerned, but labour paid by a daily wage was very much dearer, with the result that the total cost was larger here than in the American or Canadian mines. TT» believed that there would be a very large development in the Cloncuny dis trict. In course of time they would make use of the lower-grade ores. Mount Morgan would be an increasingly lavge producer ; but the ores treated would be of a lower grade than hitherto. Mount Morgan had large reserves of proved ore which had never been published as re serves, because they had been considered too low ; but it would be possible to treat these ores profitably in the future. Questioned as to the need for surveys, witness said that it was almost necessary in such a large state as Queensland that the mineral resources should be developed, and a geological survey was most impor tant. Seeing that private enterprise could do only such a small proportion of what should be done, the Government should undertake the survey ; but a per fect survey,, which would be necessary, would be very eoetly, and it would be asking a small population to contribute a lot of money. By Sir Alfred Bateman : He would not ask Uie Government to carry the survey further than the indication of the pre sence of metals Such a survey would at least save people from going into dis tricts where there would be ao nope of Hn/ffng metal. By the Chairman ; There were 4000 men employed directly and indirectly about the Mount Morgan mines, and the number would be increased AS' the lower grade ores w«re treated. The Commission then adjourned until BEISBAXE, April S. The Commission took further evidence in Brisbane to-day. Sr Edgar Vincent presided. E. G. E. Scriven, Under-Secretary for Agriculture and Stock, stated that theo retically f^relisninar^ training' for im migrants wonld be invaluable, but practi cally he did not see how it would be use ful except at great expense. About 3000 odd- nominated immigrants came to . Queensland last year, fifty of wbom de- 1 scribed themselves as farmers and about j 200 as farm labourer*. Tbe best way to \ make a man into a farmer was to let him ' ? i work cmt pis own. salratioD. Qa**™* with regird tp f^°y*™*Sj*th*t land, witness declared emj*a*iesay J»« tf»re,-w»6 no. lack of employment heni on tbe &nd.; From tie day ttat an -*- migrant landed he could obtain worfc. The formers were crying out for «nea Waees were sood and everyttinjt TO good. Witness, mentioned that Queens Und was the only State which exportel .. butter in every month of tie year. Dar ing tie winter months a proportion « ?the tatter went south and was used m order 'that the southern people Tmjcht ev port ttieir imttM oversea, pr^raj w desirable in the interest of the State. I* tept up the standard. With n*ard to the h«™m*T of *-roduce in England, witness stated .that the tat handling m London was satisfactory ; but t» trouble was that the butter, when- sol* to Uie retailer, was blended with other batter and sold is the best Dorset, um best Danish, or whatever the name might By Sir Alfred Bateman: Australian* were great consumers of neat. They ate meat three times a-day find drank te» iour times a-day. On *-» subject fT 6i«ar-erowinj5, witness expressed the em phatic opinion that tie days of 1MB* ? sugar estates in Queensland were over and that the increasing tendency was for farmers to plant forty or fifty agree with cane and send Uie pcodnct to the central m.iHc There .*ae no more reason mr tiie cane«rover should own a mill than that a man tAo grew irheat should own a flour mill. The central noil system «o» an extension of the «--oper*ti*e priucipl* followed in connection with dairying ap plied to smarsrowinC 'Die tenoeMT was to inoreAse the number of central mills' ? David Jones, cotton expert, said that he was satisfied tbat the soiTand climate of Queensland were eminently suited for -*«tton cultivation, as was. indeed, two* «ard» of Australia. Some «* the cottea raised in Queensland hod been valued by Lancashire cott- n-spinners at as high as Is. per ut. Tiie position of Australia was almost unique, since -&erc; was no por* tion in the world where so many varieties of cotton could lie raised, except, Bex haps. Central Africa. Cottsn grew w»d in tills Continent. Practically all the Australian cottons were perennial. Thcr» was no doubt, accordiner to the adjudi cation of the Cotton Growers' Associa tion of England, that cotton could lie grown suecessfullv in Australia. Mr. Garnet* : And despite the great cotton-growing potentialities of your climate and soil, roar firm conviction is that the lack of population debars yoo. from successfully entering 'into competi tion with the Ereat cotton countries o£ the world 1 Witness : Yes. that is my conviction.— Froai cotton-growing in Queensland £4 per acre could be realised against 154. per acre from'1 dairying. The Chairman : From the point of view of a heahihy. virile race, do you think tnere IS no ooier iotzb vi si£;iii-iiiiiuc more favourable than cotton-crowing t ~ Witness : None whatever. \V. E. Wilkie, on behalf of the Bris bane Chftmber of Commerce, said that there was a great field for a reduction . in tiie cost of inter-Imperial telegraphy. A state-owned cable was the remedy for the present ni^fc rates. The Hon. A. J. Carter, M.UO. gave evidence regarding the probable effect of the opening of the Panama Canal on Australian trade. The principal advan tages, in his_opinion, would be a reduc tion in the distances between Europe and Australia, an increase is 'tie tonnage of vessels, and a consequent reduction ia freights. Brisbane would greatly benefit as tiie first port of call on the inward and the last on the outward voyage. It would form the distributing port of Aus tralia, a naval base, and a harbour of refuge. The Commission tiien adjourned unlil to-morrow. BRISBANE, .April 9. The Commission resumed its sitUncs to day. Sir Edgar Vincent provided. Thorahill Weedon, Government Steti! tician, said' that he believed that the return regarding the cotton production of Queensland, wkich stated that there were 605 acrea under cultivation, yield ing 3o7 H). of ungi&ned; cotton per acre, wa3 correct. ♦ By the Chairman : He did not think that all the imz&igrant;£ Utat came, to Queensland remained here. He tbougbt that a proportion drifted south. He be lieved that there vras a tendency on tbt part of the children of Queensland agri culturists to leave the land and come into the -towns. The suburban popula tion was increasing more rapidly than the rural population. George Coxon, grazing farmer. . 6Jtd that he and his family occupied holdings aggregating 120000 acies, and carrying SSfltXX sheep, on tile Barcoo, 120 mile* south of Longreach. His experience tended to prove that where the pressure in a bore diminished it was due to the fact tiiat the troe fiub-arte&ian; supply had not been struck. He was of opinion that tie- origin of tbe woridVa artesiam supplies -was the whirlpool of the Bay of Biscay. Artesian water was, hi factf sea water tint filtered by percolation through the earth's etiata. . ?By Mr. Sinclair : He' had not seen any. ajgns of. diminution in the artesian sup plics. Both ..utesian: aad .sab«iteaut&. wjjteza were hjHUy npneralaed and epa. fc I I I ? '.I ... I I Uiaeii t^ofetbar «rop»r£ie»,'*ABen mt b*MT Beneficial in ease, of itanraVtian: ft T. V/ jra*ttB.«iipe-riat«BaeBt Eh Bineer ia tile Woes Department, sava cri fcra reetrdinfc the tmaeral fields of Qaeeasknd. Tbe mineral jiflld of 4he State to worth about £4jMXMMO ?oHaally, and. f.103,000,000 worth tad been taken frta the ground. The most important, »'»^»n»° of Queensland were ?did, copper, tia. wolfram, .molybdenite, u-S coal. 3*e chief feature of the gold tnodadaoa ia the last ten years ra Uat it hai fallen off by half— from 780,000 oz. to 947,000 oz. Its future would llepend upon the development of new ttaots in tie worked mines sod tie dis covery of new fields, of which there ap pealed to he a good prospect in such huge mineral areas as existed in Qneens lami. Xhe #ttpper output had increased Kteatly in. the last five yeais and now mounted *o £LJ50O/MO annually. The increase was doe to tie change is the aharacba oS the ores of Mount Morgan from cold to copper and the opening of the doneunr field, which was tie largest field in the State. There appeared to %e a ereat fatan in the copocr industry. B. DunstaB. Government Geologist, ?aid that the department had a. staff of file surveyors to cover OTOjOOO squire ?nfles. Of that area, 87,00(2 square miles nras mineraMiearing. He estimated that the ooal measures of the Oawson and Mackenzie fielia. represented seventy-five per cent of the total coal areas -rf the State. Mi. Larimer.: I. do not-, know where Ton will find « *n»rif*»t. .for.it ; but* there is a ready and waiting matket for your copper. Witness slid that thousands of tons of dolomite could be produced within fifty -miles ol Brisbane. ? Sir Alfred Bateman imnressed on wit ness the fact that the Imperial Institute could tfje availed or oy rne miimmi uepan ment in endeavouringto«ecnre a market for Queensland minerals. Witness eatd that from private m quiries made in Great Britain, the Mines Department had received no inquiries 'or minerals. All the inquiries received came from Germany. German brokers and firms made inquiries of the Mines Department as to whether they could be _ supplied witii certain minerals, asked, in what -ruantities they were produced, and de sired to be put in touch with the pro ducers. The Chairman = Itois is very impor tant. Witness : I think it is a most disgrace ful thine the manner in which our Anakie sapphires are being manipulated in the interests of Gennany. Nearly all the dealers on the fields are Germans. Mr. Garnett : Do you mean that it is an infamy that this groat industry of yours is beine neglected in England 1 Witness : We send to England and are told that' the gems are of no value. Our own people are neglecting these, and the Germans arc patting value into it The Germans create the value. That means £20,000 %ycar in sapphires. uTie Chairman : Von are referring to sapphires only '! Witness : To sapphires only. (fitness produced a number of gim=, the beauties of which were greatly ad mired liy the members of the Commis sion. The evidence so far as Brisbane is con cerned has been concluded. Thirty-two witnesses have been examined. The Commissioners will leave for Too iroomba to-morrow. T0OWO0MBA, April 10. The Commis&s; visited Toowoomta to-. day. After a 'Mayoral retention, mcubers spent the afternoon' in inspecting the] principal local industries. In replying to the toast of '-The Com mission' at the reception, the Hon. G. K Koster, the Canadian Minister for Cus toms, said that, there -was one thing on which Canadian's prided themselves is contrasting their country with Australia. He had '!-fcen looting round since he came to Queensland for a decent 'chunk of ice, | and it was Almost impossible to sce,any of it anywhere. So far the Commission had made a certain amount of progreiS in trying to appraise the productive powers and possibilities-, of Queensland, which, he rai^jit say, had surprised him and the other members of the Commis sion. A banquet was held in the crcnin?. There was a large and representative attendance. The il.ivor of Toonoomba. Alderman J. Atkinson, was in the chair. The Minister for Lands. Mr. Tolmie, in replying to the toast of the 'State Ministry and Parliament,'' claimed tb.it Queensland offered inducements equal to those of any other country. Xo part ot Australia, he said, was richer in minerals. The Hon. J. A. Sinclair replied to Uie toast of '* The Oommis*ion.' He said that they had -been in Queensland long enough to see that the people living here were a favoured people, holding vast posses sions' 4-t untold possibilities ; hut , the value of .what they pos9esi'ed was lately dependent on their oversea markets. For that reason it was t&c; duty and interest of every colonist to rally round the Mother Country in maintaining her path across the seas. (Loud applanu.) That was why they all realised that they must I do all they could to ma hit* in the! supremacy p£ £be £mpire, eo -that the; citizens of .one part could send their pro-' dncte to tfie ritiiyiM of evtry other part H ever tk* tips cane when thetr ?om- mon family estate ?» m danger the c»9 to action woold be responded to loyally, for the colonists were net made of the stuff which would accent privileges with out sharing in the burden of AJ^ing them. Mr. Loiimer «lso KSpon&d-; He «aid that it ra- impossible for any of them to ko about without seeme hew fertile Queensland was and bow Tast irere its possibilities. Another impression he lutd formed was that the mineral wealUi of the State could not be measured. As am Olustration.'&e; referred to the fact that in the production of copper alone Queens land would soon have the largest output of- any country m the world. He hoped that what the Commissioners mold bo able to recommend would tend to bring Queensland that fiopulation which - it needed. In responding to the. toast of 'Im- perial Trade,' Mr. Foster said that the impression already soade on him was that Queensland was a most wonderful laud, wonderful in its extent and in the variety of it* resources. He could see no boun daries or limits to set to the future of Queensland other than wonld be set by the people themselves in MjaWtinjt to take np the responsibilities and duties which belonged tovthflse who had cfcarse of its destinies. He ins not goms to ex press anv opinion ae to trade policies, whether tiere should be freetrade. pro tection, or preference ; bat he thoujrut it was only fair to say that the people of an -empire should treat each other, in their own trade at least, not less favour ably than they did people who Jid not belong to the empire famHv. He was not exclusive ; bat, as far a* they could, he thought they should put the trade of the Empire into the hands of the Empire. If (hat trade were snch that it conld not eive what the Empire re quired, there might be same excuse for going to a foreign country ; but while they had such immense areas within the Empire itself undeveloped or only par tially developed, why should their fertflis hxg energy not go into the undeveloped portions and draw out of them their latent resources. (Hear, hear.) Let them study the area of the Empire and they would be impressed with the idea that it possessed within its own borders possibilities of development that wonld tax the best energies of the British people for thousands of years to came. The old Empire was not played out. They had etei- variety of climate and soil, and seas joining most of the ontlying possessions. They had «U ri»c essentials for a tremendous commerce, which no other empire 'in the world ever bad. Great Britain had done wonders for the colonies. She had given them her wealth of traditions, the fine fibre of her civilisation, and her love of justice and of right. He appealed to Australians and Queenslanders to -make a return for those benefits in increased service for the Empire. (Loud applause.) 