GENERAL SUMMARY. Cobilon stuck- sales to-morrow. Horse s :ilo in Cainporduwn Ui-day. Special stock-sale at Toraiig to-n.nr cow. A private letter has been received in London which imlicnH. s - tluit -Air Dcsikin will visit London shortly for tin. hem-lit ?f liis li*-a?lt.l?. Ifcpmts fro"' "?■ "•''^•'ns s?"w that the Allit-s nrc. considering flip ol'er of mctliation by tlio Powers. A fierce bombardment lias been pro ceeding at Adrianoplc. Xaval expenditure contemplated uj Japan amounts to £30,000,000. The procramrao is said to includo tho con struction of tlirco Dreadnoughts at oneo. _ . . Bv a judgment '" tlio Court of In dustrial Appeals, Mr Justice Cusscn ordered that female clerks should bo pnid at two-Thirds the rato paid to males, and fixed tlio wages of mules at 48/ for -18 hours. Turbulent scenes marked the muni eipal elections throughout Spain. There woro manv fights between Monarchists and Republicans. In the Basqno provinces a magistrate and many poo plo woro injnred. Several arrests were made. The civil guard fired on tho crowd in one town, killing one person and wounding two ilangTTOus- Tho German Tloirhstag has voted n grant of £10.000 for the encourage ment of cotton cultivation. The money ■is to be expended in German fcast 1 Africa. During tho debate on the question Dr Solf, Secretary for the Colonies, said that Germany must to - low England's lead ami compete with England. Three men broke into the premise" of Messrs Cnsscls and Co., tailors. Melbourne, nnd stole, close on 4-W? worth of wearing apparel. They ap pear to have taken their time over the work, and to have pnid several visits to the shop. At ib.' end of the last trip thev were seen by two constable*, hut managed to elude capture. Successful tests Jinv<. heen made at Aldershot with a liiplane equipped with a machine gun. So satisfied are the authorities with th ( . experi ments thnt thev are fitting mil a !le<n of biplanes with machine guns. Dur ing the experiment* a rapid five waf maintained at an altitude of 1000 feer. an.! the stabiltiy of the aeroplane was not affected. " , , , U the trial of Lientenant Clark and Mr* Fulliani on :i .barge of abetting the murder of Mrs Clark at Allahabad the two accused ifVsvled guilty, anil wore sentenced to death. Doctors -ave evidence a- in Mrs Fiillinm •* condition of health, and a'i a result her sentence was commuted to penal forritude for life. Tlio Vnlkan Slrip Building Com pany's annual rcfiort shows a los? <i. £100.000 on ships built for the navy. The report slater, that orders for large vessels, either for the navy or fur th? mercantile marble, are always placed on terms involving loss to tlio build ers. The non-miGtant suffragettes have begun a hnymtt of tradesmen nnd clergymen nliri are opittised to the:r claim's. They have also decided In divert clinritaihle and other donations to the suffrage rau-e. ami to wiihdi-w money frnm 'the post office and rein vest it in count ties whoro votes have been given to. women. Mr M'Gown has made up hi- mind to retire fnim the leadership of Hf X.S.W. T.;i|?ir parliament after tho pre<ent rasrliament. though bo doc. not intend "to relinquish polities <•! togethor. The responsibilities ntt:i?M' ing t,, iffic.-. he said. h?ve weighed rorv hc- avilv upon him recently. :ird in justice, to himself he Mrf thnt it wa-. iirt- eKs.-n, v tn r< i;>iqui=li {fieri. The nnrk wail* or<v-i<"! in tho nn.ce ment of the Federal Wed!.... Mill.'. GeeU.ng. ci?ll.-up?ed. owing I<> Tie weight nf waier which had acciimntni cd behind tlinro from phenomenal rain fall. Tl?- soal:ng.- Ih'liiikl tii.- new nail ?n" ill.- jithluinn- ■■" ('"Hiii's wo.n -1.-n wills c:.n-.-il it i.> .-..llaip-.. .ii.d fall in nil tlw -i""1"";- n^'cl.iu.-. Th.. damage ■] i.- .-tm.:.t..>a-' '-•"•""• Tli,. -u-tii:il nirjnb-r of ■ J-tratiuns under th.. I>.( •.■!><?• A<\- re.--iv.'.l .luring !a-t y,.; ;i lvi s WI..1!??. .m-l ..f this nnml.'cr ''t-'i.l 2-1 v.mihs h iv.- rnnnriTr .-d trainii..'. Th.* : w:n:.l .......1.-r 1.:,M.. for fraiirn" m. 10-.7.VJ. ... iti:i: rho n.,,,,1,.-.-- of o'.nl:cn- ha? now l.een re .liicml fn Mi.-fitly over WOO. The au rhm-itio. vm-'ideiuji- bop.- I" reduce this figure (fa.iring tho rurretif year 1" as. ninn.i- liTirndrrds. It i? '-mniv than Jikelv that another election nill Vie nooet'?ary for the Ya^s (X.S.W.) c(.i,stitt?-ne,v. "New- li;,? come trt haiiiF." snj<l Mr Wail.-, "nf a serious irregularity Hhir-h will in volve, another poll liesng taken. It appears that :■ polliiv jilaee was ga zettjod for nlm-k Itange. but no I?wth jr.K appointed at •tlLit place. lam informed, hompver. that a Unoth was Of?nncd about -midday at :> place soiim miles distant, not proelaimeil a poll ing place. ~i\ ninuber of electors tnrnerl up at filaok Tiange. and there Iviiifr no Imot'li they were 3in:.l.!e to reeoprl their vo-tes." TL-e Minister emit railing iinroigrntion has. cable,! to Mr M'Leod. tho officer 'in cliarge of the London office, advis irn tliat rf I*- anticifmtes any iliffi cnlty in fiJliu-i all the berths" booked for next inomh—2ooo in all—he may increase tin. luunbers of domextie yer vants and In.vv to any extent, and to a limited extend the number of farm laborers. Mr M'l.eod has also liecn advispc] to mril;? special representa tions to- the Victorian agent at Cop enhagen t/i imrliicp as many Danish fnrnil.-J.n-.n-, ■~.•> povsil,le to 'come ouf by Loads Iciving I.cnrion in Anril. Tlie |S flomestiV sonants who ar rived l, v t| IO , st^.mer Ralhir.it on Sat urday were all engaged on Monday. A man dr<-t--sod in the nnifnrm of an officer eall.-d at municipal offices in Gerniany, :in#l mnd<> an inspection of the books, ltavinK persuaded the an tliorities Uiat be u-a<= sent to make an audit. Finding that the safe contained several thousand marks abnro the eorrort amonnt shown in the aceo.iitts. he> tank tho money with the officials' ronpotrt. allepedly 'to the offioe n f the M^inister of Finance in TWlin. Tlie officers by subsequent inijnirv discovered that thev had been ?!/,bed. The Tmniigrat?oii iSfnartment has PereirPtl a report from Mr Fricke. the Vietiiriaii land a{;eut in AnieHici. stating that, there were at least 100 American settlers vhn h.irl fitlier fold their farms or wer<. taking steps to dispoffo of their jurone-rty. with tho nbjecK of coming to- this State to take up If.nd. Mr TTagclthorn. tho Minis ter .controlling iinnugrnlion, states ho -intlnriate.s- oven better results when Mr Kelly t.iko? up bis work in Ani cripa. At the pres.?it time Mr Frk-ko. in (itatinncd at Kiin Franei-co, and it is physically impossible for him per sonally to interview farmers who am desirous nf emigrating. Kaeh month biiico tlie middle of last year n small stream of Ameririn seltlprs has lwH?h arrivinj;, ami. nnronling Ui fho immi cration authorities, those who have Cinded recently are a boiter type than tho same efciss of immigrant com ing from other parts of the world. The land wokor* were men not. only with higher avenage rajiit.il than th" Ttritisb?'tirniers. but thev iiossnssed ErraWv oKpcrteurtl. Ilin.-o who baj taken up block? in the irrir.iitioii set tlements are. it is stated, getting along well, arvl indications point to them making n success of Hie lino of farm ing they hato taken iid. 