oilBFbob siippiJEs. DEMAND OUTSTRIPPED PRO- r ; DUCTION. ; In ; a communication to the '"Liverpool Daily Post and- Mercury/' Mesrs. George and John Nickson and Co., review the nrescnt' position ; of -supplies: and prospec- tive supplies': of cattle- and hog . products; in the ' -United Kingdom : — ; . . Up- to four or five years.ngo the great controlling factor, in. the supplies and the prices of. bacon,- ' hams and kirdrwas the 'United States, whose an nual crop of hogs and export trade practically; dictated -the prices ..prevailing- to the - consumer in tbe United Kingdom. Conditions there have been- gradually changing during the last 10 years,' anil 'are -how .changing even more rapidly. _-,Tho moot important factor in tlie .supplies, available for the .export of liog products, from the. United States has been the- steady and .enormous groivyth of the ..Ameii&n; population, not to' much from a natural increase in the fecundity of the race, but owilig to immigration largely flowing; from Russia, Italy, and the Scandinavian countries. Tlie popu lation hi the United States may be roughly- stated to-i ay to be 90,000,000 to 92,000,000, and-, toe emigrants. who have been flovnng into. the United States are not a cattle raising .and hog raising class of emigrant/but the consumers of hog pro ducts. and meat. The United States lias airived at a poiiit when probably within five or six years her ' shipments of hog products abroad- will ha.e: come to ; an "end;--; and she will bo an importing country of .both hog. products ' and meat. The changes, which .are- expected, at the, end ;of this month to . come - into effect, putting . preserved meats, chilled, riieats anil hog.- products on . tlie free list;. -ore 'already being anticipated by one ' actual cargo' of chillto/mcat- being afloat lor New York from the Argentine, . r Canada: needs her own!, products. . , Twenty- years ago,, or, even; less,, every .merchant,, importer or broker, .engaged in the provision trade would i have , pointed confidently to . Canada .as the. future tource of, the supplies, both ' of cattle hint hog products, t6!'"tfie' Uiiited- Kingdom.- Frtini ltol to 1002 this appeared likely. tobe borne out by the, 6t&tirtics; of. Canadian exports, but from 1902 to the present year .the shipments of both cattle and; hog productd; htive been steadily declining, from Canada; in other words, ' Canada is "arrivi g a. the same position- as the United Statce. Her popu lation,' cant consume the whole-, production she is' raising, and wiil soon be r in a position vto , draw; supplies"frbmv other' 'countries. : - ' ' CURTAILED SUPPLIES FROJ1 T.E AROEN- , tine. : ' Tiie:' Afgcritihe; also lias suffered 'heavily ' during -the 'last two months from losses caueed "by drought: apd, to some extent, ;by, a .mild form .of-j foot and" mputh "disease, the result bpiiig tliat tlie, value, of! cattle during the last three years ih the' Argentine i has 'gone' up to something like 100 'per cent.. That the 'Argentine will, for many,y<-ars be.a large ex- : porter to the United Kingdpm is a fact that there, 'is "no ' 'disputing, but that "'the otherwise ' over- whelming . supplies which would fcavo ' to'- 'come from the Argentine will be scriously cut-tailed by the United. States' demand is equally certain. Anotherfaetor that may affect .the Argentine sup-, plies is the' -increasing demand from Japan for frozen meats.' . That countov with its .more re- een . ly acquired , Western ideas, is ..now becoming I a. .meat eating country,- tlie army and navy being !suppHed with meaj; rations. ' . ! '; i-: . CAN AUSTRALASIA FILL T1IE CAP? , . ..'It is, in -view of .the facts, enumerated , above, : important to consider bow far . Australia and New Zealand .can fill tip the . gap caused by this heavy shrinkage; from ..other, countries. .That; Australia and New Zealand.will largely ship to the United Kingdom there caii be no ' doubt, but- the ominous fact tor tlie- English- ' consumers to -bear in ' mind is 'that "the large American' packers' stated to con trol-whet has been .tolled :, the "Beef Trust" are now acquiring and building large factories in- both Australia and New, Zealand with, a view to".dra.v- : irg supplies for the United States from those coun- tries. ' , HOW ABOUT CHINA? .-,Thc sujily of liogs in China and, : Manchuria— two vast countries— is practically illimitable, but the breeds of a, very large proportion .of the siock are not suitagle for export to E'ir pean coun tries. On the . other-, hand; » the raising of hog3 suitable' for this purpose is progressing rapidly, - and already largo shipments ' of frozen pork and frmmn - bacon -nnd hams are" being exported- to" Great Britain, and have so far given a large measure, of- satisfaction.; The- cloud, ; however, that hangs over- thisr otherwise .promising trade fa tlie enormous cost of freight, 'transporiatlon. and refrigeration, and.it is only" as. .long as very high .prices are maintained for hogs in ' tlie -United ;SlatesV and : hog products' in Englaml. that this source of supply -fa- likely to develop. AUSTRALIA'S HOG RAISING EFFORTS., \--..Efforts are being made by the Australian Govern-, ment to encourage the raising of hogs. for . export there, and already rome. .considerable shipments have been leteived. Tlie great handicap, however, is the. extreme cost of freight, owing to the long voyage and refrigeration expenses on; the steamers, AFRICA COMING- FORWARD; . ' There can be- no doubt tliati in the course of tlie .next .10 vears considerable sMpmcnts . of both caule . and hog products, will be received from .Uganda, .the climate, being admirably adapted; for tlie ; raising .' 'of., .both; classes of stock; , but this, ..of course/ is in .'the distant future, and no large and ' immediate developments can be expected,; tlioiigh certain small shipnichts. have qeeri; received in London:, of biicon- aqtl haihs which have' ' realised, very satisfactory prices. '-Thfere are large tracts of land in South Africa. 'admirably adapted' for: the raising; : of cattle and "nogs, and- considerable- efforts! are being made by . the Govnrnment there to direct' attention to .this,, direction. .. . ! " DANISH -LIMIT REACHED. j Denmark, ' th'otiff''aall,;'coi)nt'iy;:is ohd of the, principal factors in the Supply of 'bVicdn and ' hams to the- United Kingdom'.' ;The 'killings of ' : hogs: there' for -'export may -he: estimated '-at-: something! like -10,000 hogs a' "week, and -the - shipments into) London of bacon average something like 15,090 bales; b\it there, .can; be.no doubt tliat Denmark' has reached .the limit .of her :h'og production/ and: do further. conMilerable, extensions can, be' looked! for in tliat direction/ DECLINING : / POSITION < IN GREAT' BRITAIN.! Thii st oek' of ' pigs ' in ' botii Englu'n'd-and Scoflarid; shows li : steady aiid continuous shrinkage, .' Tliis! arises; front various :causb3-the : stringent frcstric-) tions of the Board -.of , Trade as to tswing . fever, arvl' the : removal oft-hogs- from pqfnt. to point j/Tthej stringent restrictions, ; qt, the; local . authorities,". ' as! to cottagers keeping ' Pigs; - iii proximity todidiisw,! whieii no doubt biis,,ba(j. a nmrkto/rblt' bri /tlie| m.imber .'bf pigs raised ' Jn Ertgland; 'The ' raising! .of t)igs By fanners- in ' England is - a/'fluctuiStijig: and iintortain 'b'uMriess, - everything depending nni ! market- fluetuatlohs .for .--'product and- for feeding! stuffs, and though 'the .raising of hogs may'Bhowi some increase- in- Englaud, nothing of a, permanent! charactcr. in tlie way of en increase can .be looked for. "... 'The.; prospects in Ireland are altogether diffetont. Tlie toaduAh nationalisation' -of tlie land" And-, the ereation>'bf -a : ''peasant! proprietorship: opens -opt probabilities of an; : ei\ormous increase of 'Irish hogs, which, . after all, are admittedly the finest' hogs raised Jn the world. The killings in Ireland of . hogs ait the present .time may bo estimated at ahout 19,00(1 .per. week, ' but .th'efe can be no ques tion that Ireland will gradually . increase her kill ing's to 40,000 or even 60,000, hogs' per week an l probably more, and if a Home Rule Government should be.forn-cd there pan be no ques'ion bu one of their' first legislative objects will be to pass measures to encourage the raising of pigs in Ireland. The pig has long been known in Tre land as the "peasant, saving box." and with the creation if a peasant nroprietorship throughout to the length and .bredth of Irel"nd +li-re enn no question that England and Scotland will greatly benefit in the suonlies of the heighest qualities of bacon and hams. DEMAND LARGER THAN SUPPLY. To sum the whole position up, it is useless to expect for some years to come anything 'but a temporary, relief from the pre-ent position of verv high prices, both of bacon, hams and, laid, and for beef, - mutton and allied products. The con sumptive demand of the world has overtaken the supply, and the inducements in America, Canada and elsewhere to- grow wheat, which is easily, and profitably done, are so great that the raising of cattle and hogs is likely lo suffer. During the last three months undoubtedly large tracts of land in . America have suffered intensely from , the drought, seriously curtailing the crops of maize, which arc the most important feeding suits. used both for cattle and hogs. The effect of this Ib to cause fanners to send their cattle into market quickly. This will cause a temporary reduction in prices, but the' effect of this, and the ki'-'in- off of breeding sows and female cattle, is likely during tlie next 12 months or two years, to again advance the values of both hog products and cattle products. 