? HOLMBY HOUSE, TOORAK. Dear Peg,— It lias been remarked on all sides as somewhat remarkable that Madsmoisefle Adeline Genee should bie Danish, -when, her name is so distinctly French. . Unlike many stage stars, too, the great dancer's is not a name assumed for stage purposes. At the time -when the Emperor Napoleon overran Europe, and developed the habit of placing his relatives on the different thrones thereof, one of his brothers was made King of the Northern Kingdom, and many influential French families went with h>im, and made their homes there. There are still many unmistakably French names to be found amongst the Danes and Swedes of to-day. Unlike stars of lesser magnitude, Genee does not rush about •in a flashing motor car with braided chauffeur, etc. Any time during the week the great dancer might have been seen quietly walking down Collins-street, and looking in the shop windows,' sometimes accompanied by her maid, and sometimes alone. Who would think, to see a Jq(uiet, fair, slight- looking woman in a plain dark coat and skirt, and simple hat set with a green ostrich plume, that this was the greatest dancer in the world. One recalls tales wl told of agists. l ° have i us ' fc be un so ma)ce £ a little name for themselves in this remote corner of the world, and what they will and will not have, and what is due to their position and fame, etc. G-enea is, as the Americans say, "too big" to be of this small-minded kind. It was the immortal Bard of Avon who decided that "to escape calumny is impossible; therefore, the best anv of us can do is to welcome the clear breeze of inquiry." That is why I am going to explain why a man and a girl in evening' dress suddenly found themselves adrift in a heartless world (on a tram track, and the last car not vet despatched, thank goodness !) at the witching hour of midnight, far from the dance they had boon enjoying so much—and all this quite against their united wills. They had been made the scapegoats for an obnoxious custom young couple pursue at dances of "sitting- out" in motor cars —other people's cars. A well-known dancing man was so tired of taking his car to dances, and when he went to sit in it himself (not alone, of course), invariably found it already occupied by two peonln. The imuertinence of it got on l,r nerves, and he resolved to set somebody a lesson on the next occasion. The opportunity soon arrived. This time when he found the back seat cosily occupied, he wasted no time in conversation, jumped into the car, started it off with a bang, and b«$ore the unwilling passengers realised the sta% of affairs was politely turning them out at a tram terminus. Entreaties and protestations were of no avail, and the shivering pair had to: pay for the sins of other young people before them. The tale has got abroad, ana, no doubt, will have the desired effect. Next time the owner of the car desires its privacy at a dance he will find lots of room in it—even room for two. In morals, no less than personal appearance, women of society and the stage are slowly changing places. It is the society woman who resorts to all the artificial aid that paint, powder and dye has to offer to her personal appearance, and in dress becomes more theatrical each season. The actress, off the stage, wears only her own complexion, and is devoted to plain coats and skirts, worn with inconspicuous hats. While Dame Society is giving roulette parties for her girls, and instructing them in all the evils of gaming, such women as Madame Clara Butt, a star of the concert stage, is giving serious consideration tc the complete education of - her daughter, in order to fino.lv develop the child's intelligence While young BoclcTy matrons a re neglecting homes and husbands alike, and rushing the divorce courts on the flimsiest pretexts in order to get rid of their marriage partners, the world's greatest danseuse is glorifying husbands. Madame Genee, who has been married three years, and at the end of this a world's tour, will retire to the realms of the fireside and domesticity, not only confesses to missing her husband horribly, but also lauds him a the most unselfish husband in the world to allow her to travel so far from home without hun . That is a complete turning of the tables on society women, who are always scheming to get away on trips- by themselves, in. order to have their fling, while hubby stays at home to make money to pay for the •wandering matron's tour. One of our very dressiest dames qjuite scared her friends at a recent dance by the height of her heels. Tall, gold-enamelled affairs, nearly six inches high. They looked like stilts. it fell to the lot of one of her partners to be initiated in the mystery of these exaggerated shoe-supports, when, after a tearing two-step, the lady retired with him behind a friendly screen set round with a group of palms. "Pouf ! Wasn't that a scramble ?" said the stilted dame. "I really must renovate." To the astonishment of .the man, she whipped off a shoe, calmly unscrewed the bottom of the heel, and pulled, out a diminutive p<Jwder-puff and a tube of lip salve. Having repaired the ravages of her complexion, she returned the toilette accessories to their resting place ini the hollow heel, investigated tiie store cupboard of the other one, produced half-a-dozen fringe pins, and reduced her tumbled locks to order. Having performed these intimacies of toilette quite unembarrassed bv the presence of her highly - diverted partner, she borrowed a cigarette from him, and rested from her labours. Of such are the refinements of modern social intercourse ! Her women friends forgive the_ manners, but not those heels—such useful and desirable heels —because, alas ! thev are the only pair of their kind in Melbourne. Besides, they came straight from Paris. No woman could forgive that. It does not do for the socially aspiring to forget that other people have very good memories, and Australia is not yet old enough to bless its natives with imposing ancestors. There is a celebrated old pile of buildings m London known all the world over as the British Museum. Amongst the musty tones that crowd its shelves colonials can always find a familv tree that will serve their purpose. They have 'only to pay a suitable fee to any of the legion of American "pedigree hunters, whose profession it is to find ancestors for inquirers —and fake them where none exists. A muchtravelled lady has returned to us with' quite a lone family tree beautifully hand-written on fine parchment." So impressive ! Proudly exhibiting her endless line of ancestors to a friend, she remarked: "John Jones, you see, was my father's grandfather." "Oh, yes," replied the (mite unimpressed friend, "I have often heard mv father sav how well he used to groom my grandfather's "horses." A bombshell! The brand new familv tree is now put away until all these dreadful peonle with inconveniently good memories are dead. Children are so honest. That is their charm. It is also a, danger, as a mere man living m one of our most swagger suburbs can feelinglv assure one. He is a domesticated soul, and nothing pleases him better than to Pott;.;r round" a verv lovelv garden. A rose trellis, lie thought, would be improved by a coat of brown paint, , so, blissfully happy in a whioS sweater, the oldest pants he possessed, and a well-coloured pipe between his teeth, he proceeded to renovate the trellis. During the operation the. small son of a neighbour dropped m, and, after watching the amateur painter for some minutes, remarked. "My father doesn't painty "What's that?" said the busy man. Well, your mother paints her face, anyway,- so why can't I paint mv trellis ?" And thought no more about it. Some days later his wife informed him that she had received a decided and icv cut from the small boy's mother. Through a mutual feminine friend they soon discovered the cause of the refrigerated atmosphere. Ihe small bov, with childish openness, had repeated the unfortunate remark to his mother. But the pith of the affair lav in. the fact that -the busy gentleman in the garden had spoken m a purelv jocular spirit, and. the tragedy was that he had, all unwittingly, hit the truth. He touched the spot, the naughty little spot of rouge, so cleverly adjusted that not even the lady's dearest friends had even suspected it. Everyone heard, with the deepest regret, of the death of Lady Weedon last Saturday- I'or over a year ,her health has caused *rrave anxiety, and she was unable to take part in any public movements or philanthropic work. During Sir Henry's time of office as Lord Mayor, Lady Weedon was an indefatigable worker in the cause of charity, at the same time fulfilling all the social duties demanded of her. The 'Lady Weedon Wing" of the Women's Hospital stands as an everlasting memorial, being the concrete result of a fund (amounting to £12,000) started by her in 1908. It was also Lady Weedon who, on her last trip to England, placed a wreath upon the grave of Queen Victoria, at Frogmore, on behalf of the women of Victoria. Pet names can very often become a, form of disguise when assumed by personages in the public eye. People become so accustomed to using the familiar nickname that when the "real" baptisimal artillery is suddenly turned oil, the majority fail to recognise it, and wonder who on earth this stranger can be. Quite a number of people heard—quite unmoved and unconcerned—that- a concert is to be given by a Miss Erna Mueller in the near future. "You don't mean 'Lovie,' do .you ?" some brilliant intellect inquired during a moment of divine inspiration. "Oh, of course, we know Lovie Mueller. She used to sing in Bendigo, etc." Then, when things are becoming simplified, and everybody knows all about -everything', someone refers to" "Madame Cadorin.'' More research work and etymological and genealogical explanations ! When at last it is sifted out, and delightful husband sculptor Cadorin. his sculps, Lovie's gowns, and her London concert career have been properly weighed and .measured, noted and inquired' into, the possibilities of the forthcoming concert, by Lovie Erna Mueller Cadorin are technically entered upon, as though each person present were qualifying for the position of her business manager. Talking, of names, though, I do think it's about time that professional foreigners, with names of more than fifty letters or so, should give marginal translations, or at least phonetic pronunciations on the programmes. It was had enough when the Italian and German Opera Companies scattered explosive syllables all over Melbourne; and from time to time we have some fairly stiff tests in the way of concert singers and new Consuls. (Of course, we ought to know how to pronounce them all if we've been properly trained, and travelled. But that is just where the trouble begins. We have all been properly educated, so we all know how to pronounce the imported surnames—all in a different way. Then the arguments, assertive pedantv, and finally much spilling of ink in letters' "to the papers.") Now, we are swam'ped wiith a perfect delude of Russian and goodness knows what else, included in Mile. Genee's Ballet Company. A sneeze, a kick, and a cough manages some of the names, so, of course, if vou haven't got influenza you are quite out of it. I've heard at least six different pronunciations to some of the names, so I just refuse to risk lockjaw any more. Like bewildered men with a programme full of straneers at a ball, we just refer to each as "the pink one," "the tall'one," "the red-haired one," and so on. It's quite simple. There has always been a kind of glamour about the St. Rilda Town Hall from the very earliest times, when a shy, sweet societv favourite murmured that she loved dances there— "such rippin' window-sills, what'?" So thev are, and if every cliaperone doesn't know what (in the name of all that is modern and wonderful) window-sills have to do with the en joyment of a fashionable hall, she should e;ive up chaperoning, or ask her youngest daughter. Well, • it seems that the excellent sitting - cut appointments of this popular hall even are not sufficiently perfect. Local residents have risen to the occasion, and have supplied • the deficiency. Now, when a ball is held at the Town Hall,'.friends of any of the guests \ybo live close by just oiwm un thieir conservatories, their summer-houses, all available verandah space and' cosv firclit smoke-rooms, drawingrooms and narlours for the convenience of the revellers. Splendid idea, isn't it ? As the hour grows late and the ball still continues, the hosnitable householders can retire to slumber—'and just leave their cosv corners at thin disposal of the sitters-out, who must onlv worm se to nut out the gas and bane; the front, door when the hall is ov*?r. In fact, anv Ivilds. resident who failed to respond to so simple a remiest can onlv be regarded as inhumanly selfish, and devoid of right feeling. Whatever would we do without the one-step and Turkev Trot to talk about, now elections are over and immigrants have grown monotonous ? I couldn't dream of rushing in with newsnaner correspondents where Genee fears to tread (or. at anv rate, omlifies her opinions verv Prettily). Rut, at the same time, ow very elarinp- inconsistency cannot be '^rmittH to pass without comment. Wo i--.-^ -njo.tiv accented the excited assertions of the maiori+.v of erudite tetter-writers d^lorp, the decadence of danciner. «nd tbn> fact, t'ha.t, this has resulted i»i a WnfuJ <?'""vitv of rHncinomen. One hminM this folp-n- off Cell to the Turkev Trnt, ann-aron-llvV and co^'^red mndern ballrooms, iust. snrinVi e fl with' a. Wv callow youths who r>Ht and olionso, amnn® the multitudes of wallflowers, with tihx» time of Beau Brummel. when statesmen, noblemen, soldiers and thinkers turned un and worshipped at the striae of Terpsichore : And heaps more to the same effect, .saving men do not care for dancing as they used to. Now we hef T from London thti interesting assertion of a "peeress," backed up by Alice. Countess of Strafford, who says that these scandalous travesties of dancing are—for the first time in her recollection— ".bringing more young men to parties than are needed." - One can't help wondering which assertion is correct. Are thpise' atrocious dances encouraging horrid men to dance more, or frightening away from the very sight of a ballroom ? ft is really most puzzling, and should be cleared up, even if we have to resort to a referendum or something equally expensive to decide it all. That a total abstainer should one day rise, to the position of a publican was the some-' what quaint idea proposed by the Rev. H. C. Martin, when the Hospitality Committee of the Victoria League entertained him last week at ,the Alexandra Club. This idea he amplified at the "at home" given by Mrs. Alex. Landale. Mr. Martin, the representative of the Royal Army Temperancc Association of India, is "visiting Victoria to ascertain if there are any openings hers for retired soldiers of the Indian Army—white, of course. By retired members he explained that tl-,e proposed immigrants were not lioary veterans, as iin the Indian Army the men are retired after twelve years' service, and consequently are usually between thirty-five and forty, and the Indian Government pays the fare for soldier,<.. wife and family to any part of the world they wish to settle in. These retired soldiers (who bring £400 to £500 with them) are willing to take up any kind of work. Some are certificated teachers," others would take butlers' positions, and others awain are anxious to go on the land. All are looking forward to bettefing themselves in the future, for the reverend gentleman naively remarked, a .butler niisrlit expect some day to become the keeper of a restaurant or a hotel. His hearers looked rather amused at the idea of Bonifacq being a total abstainer, but could not hope that the hotel would be a well-conducted ont Baruadns are all the rage in the shops now, and the latest method is a "Time Sale," which causes not a little excitement to the bargann hunter, who, of course, is feminine. On a certain. fixed dav sweeping reductions are made in all departments—but only at certain hours. For instance, between nine and ten all blouses are reduced ; between ten and eleven, underclothing ; whilst between eleven and twelve, millinery, and so on. Consequently, 'when the excited bargain hunter tries to buy chean blouses at five minutes past ten she is directed to the underclothing department. On the -.way she sees some cheap hats, which, on trying to buy, she is told that thev will not be that price for an hour vet. When she finally arrives at the underclothing department time is nearly up, so that the excited buyer does not have time to choose the required articles before the "cheap time" is up. On the way back to the millinerv department a wrong turn brines her to the : habedasherv, which: however, will not be reduced for an hour yet. Pausing to make -mental notes of requirements here, she is late for the millinerv, and so on. At the end of a sttenuous day the excited shopper is flushed, and overheated from rushine about from one department to another, and the only net gain is a raging headache and some stocking's which she purchased in desperation at full price, so as to have something to show for the day's shopping —Yours lovingly; CLIO • 