From the side of the World. SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, January 7. The strike of taxicab drivers in London continues, and the federated owners have lost £42,000 in fares. A London paper states that the Admir- alty has purchased oil sh&lo; areas in .New B> unawick for £2,000,000. The new British submarine £4, tha largest in the world, carrying four tor bedo tubes and two guns, has arrived al Portsn.outh from Barrow-in-Kurneas. Further sensational disclosures have been made at tbe trial of Dr. Clark an 1 Mr«. Fuluam, at Agra, on a charge of sawder. Gales and frosts have ruined the •range groves in California, unprecedent ed weather having been experienced. The Btetmer Rosegrsnz was wrecked at Peacock Spit, Astoria, and 39 persons wwe drowned. The flotation in London of a small Tnr kiali Inaa. not intended for war purposes, h taken to indicate that prospects of "jfeace are nore hopeful. " The Tope is sending a note to the Am bassador* Conference, requefitinc thai Palestine be removed from Turkish con* trol. It is reported that the Ambassadors' Conference in London in in favour of bringing pressure upon Turkey to force Ibe latter to realise the realises of defeat. LONDON, Tuesday. The Government of Western Anstralia baa secured 3000 berths for immigrants la the White Star liners during the year 1918 The Board of Trade returns for th* Bast month show that imports increased by £0,130.811. exports by £2,887. -159. and re-exports by £562,058, com pared with the previous corresponding period. The Rev. Neberaiah Curnock, who was adftor of the "Methodist Recorder" from 1886 to 1906. and also the editor ot the standard edition of John Wesley's Journals, has discovered and deciphered la Wesley's taut account book a short' band diary of the last decade of the life of the famous founder of Methodism. BERLIN. Wednesday. A box containing specie valued al £5000 was stolen while in transit be tween Berlin and Hamburg. The specie was Intended to be sent from Hamburg to Rio de Janeiro. There is no clue to the perpetrators of the robbery. ia>NDON, January 8. On December 31 there were 642 mer chant steamers, with a total tonnage of L)ff0,065, being built in the United King dom, as compared with 463 vessels of 1,98*,&71 tons throughout the rest of the World. The great shortage of skilled labour in tbe Northern shipyards is causing the re fustl of some orders. Albert Bowes, who shot and seriously wounded Sir Edward Henry, London Com soissioner of Police, has been sentenced to It yean' penal servitude. Twenty-one cows were poisoned with ajwnic at Bollingford, in England, and there is no clue to the perpetrator of tha outrage. The death has occurred of Mr. P. J. Power, Nationalist M.P. for East Water ford The London newspapers give prominence to Mr. Deakin's retirement, and there us a general expression of eulogy. The Duchess of Connaught is seriously t ill with peritonitis in Canada, and her < condition is causing grave anxiety. A wall collapsed and destroyed a house a in Rome occupied by several families, 12 I persons being killed. Terrific storms have occurred on the ■ Atlantic and Pacific coast* of the United * States, and the railway lines have been rendered unworkable owing to snow slides ' in the Middle West. < Senhor Ahneada has relinquished the < task of forming a new Portuguese Cabinet, J owing to the lack of support. Robbers at Jbhore, in India, attacked • Mr. Oakeley, manager of a rubber estate, * with an axe, and hacked him to death. No further progress appears to have , been made with the peace negotiations. j LONDON, Friday. j The London "Mail" demands that tho coming naval Estimates shall provide for 1 the laying down of six super-Dread- | nought battleships. Without counting the Australian, New Zealand, Malayan, and i Canadian contributions, if the 60 per cent, i naval superiority is maintained Great Bri tain will in 1915 be able to send twelve , DrendnoMghtii to the Mediterranean, and j (till have 25 in home waters, against j Germany's 23. ■ SHANGHAI, Friday. The Governor of Ohangsha has ordered i a woman who persisted in nmokinsr opium i to be shot, and the execution took place in the presence cf - large crowd. ] LONDON, January 9. I Sir George Reid had a long conversation ■ with Count Berchtold, Austro- Hungarian Minister for Foreign Affairs, and after- ■ wards left for Berlin. While experiments were being carried i out at Shoeburyness, the breech-block of I a large gun was blown out. and Gunner i Hubbard was killed and Captain Dreyer I and two others seriously injured. Tbe Scottish miners are claiming a 28 per cent, advance in wages. There are rumours in London of ship ments of gold being made to Australia. The Counters of Connaught. who is suf fering from peritonitis, and whose condi- ' tion caused grave anxiety, has now im- ■ proved. ' General Beyers, referring to the South ' African Defence Act, states that the cal- ' culations were based originally on an en- ' rolment of 7000 men in the first year, but 25,000 would be nearer the mark. Giving evidence before the Committee | on the rubber atrocities, Mr. Gubbins, i Chairman of the Peruvian Amazon Com- 1 pany, stated that 90,000 Indians had been i murdered in 12 years. Senhor Alfonso Coata has formed a new Portuguese Cabinet. ! A Polish stable hand at Buckow mur dered a farmer, his wife, and a servant, | and nailed up the house to prevent two daughters escaping. 1 A fire destroyed a number of lodging I houses in San Francisco, and the inmates in many cases had to jump for life, thrie being killed and many injured. ' i The sensational murder case in India i has resulted in Dr. Clark and Mrs. Fulham being committed for trial on the charges of murdering Dr. Clark's wife and Mrs. Fulham's husband. Princesses Louise, Stephanie, and Clem- , entine have reiected the offer of £1,504. -000, in satisfaction of their claims on the estate of their father, the late King Leo pold of Belgium. < Kiamil Pasha, Turkish Grand Vutier, stated in an interview that he was now looking for the intervention of the Powers, and fresh instructions had been sent to the delegates in London in the hope that the peace conference would be reopened. Turkish officers and soldiers are report id to be deserting at Adrianople daily. A German pastor at Salonika states that thousands of Turkish inhabitants were massacred, and their villages burned, un told cruelties being perpetrated. It is believed that the energetic remon strance of Russia and Austria have induced Roumnnia to postpone the threatened occu pation of a portion of Bulgarian territory. LONDON, Saturday. The Commonwealth protected cruiser Melbourne which has been built by Messrs. Camine-H, Laird, and Co., will undergo ncr final trial at Birkenhead on January 17, and will sail on Janxiary 18 for Plymouth, where «*e will remain until January 28 before leaving for Aus tralia. LONDON, January 11. The Greek delegates to the Peace Con ference declare that Greece will not agree to the Turkish retention of the Aegean Islands. The Ambassadors of the Powers are to meet to-day to prepare a collective nott to the Porte. The Powers are unanimous that Adrian ople must be surrendered, but no mention is made of Uie Aegean Islands. Roumania is demanding a slice of Bul garia as compensation for her neutrality during the war. The British third battle squadron has been ordered to remain in the Mediter ranean until the Near Eastern question ha* been definitely settled. Sir Goorge Reid, who is now in Berlin, is investigating the possibilities of Aus tralian trade with Germany, and will pro ceed to Paris to-day. The Rmpire Trade Commission will sacet in New Zealand at tbe end of Feb ruary, and proceed to Australia at (he i end of March. The Lanarkshire miners' strike has been 1 settled, the owners consenting not to em- i ploy non- unionists. i Six thousand dyers at Bradford have 1 struck against piece work, though in creased tvngea were offered. Gunner Pierson, who was injured in the ran explosion at Shoeburyness, hoc since The British Government has renewed for three yean the grant of £10,000 to , the British Cotton Growing Association. The underwriting is proceeding in Loo* don of a Queensland 4 per cent, loan of £2,000,0<R>, which is to be issued at £«>. The Commonwealth protected cruiser , Melbourne wil undergo (her tinal trial at ' Birkenhead on January 17, and sail for Plymouth next day. A fierce blizzard is raging in Scotland, Wales, and the North of England, and there have been many wrecks. The condition of the Duchess of Con naught continues to improve, and she is now pronounced to be out of danger. A prisoner named Eckerlen made a desperate attempt to escape from the Santo prison in France, and reioase his fellow prisoners, but was overpowered after a terrific struggle with the warders. The French troops in Morocco dispersed ti strong force of Moors, 500 being killed and 60 wounded. A stable hand who has been arrested has partly confessed to the murder of a fanner, hu wife, and a servant girl at Hnkow. in Poland. The estate of the late Hon. Wiiitelaw Reid is valued at over £2,000,000. A fire broke out en the Afllan line steamer Carthaginian in mid-ocean, hut the flam<>3 were extinguished after quan tities of water had been pumped into the hold. LONDON, Friday. The committee which has been inquir ing into thp question of vegetable fibre in wool, in its report, recommends the use of two paper-lined packs, costing ninfr pence and fourpence respectively above the price of the jute bag. Messrs. Actoa, Adams, and De Little, wool growers'repre* tentative!, in a minority report, state that no satisfactory solution is possible unless tne wool buyers agree to pay part of the extra cost. LONDON, January 12. Violent gales, with heavy snowstorms, have been experienced in Great Britain, interrupting the railway and telegraph lines, snowdrifts many feet deep being reported in many places. There hare been many wrecks on the British coasts, with considerable lost of life. Serious floods have occurred in Glamor ganshire and South lipperary. The National Poultry Club has discussed the question of raising a fund of £3000 for the purposes of an Empire Poultry Exhibition at Olympia (London) in 1913. As a result of the improved conditions of service introduced by Mr. Winston Churchill, there is a boom in naval recruit ing in England. Good petroleum is reported to have been discovered near Newark. The London bakers intend to strik. for a 42-houn week and a minimum wage. It is reported that an amalgamation has been arranged between the P. and O. and Koyal Mail Steam Packet Companies, the combined capital being £30,000,000. A political crisis has occurred in France, and M. Millerand. Minister for War, has resigned. At the conclusion of a match between the South African footballers and a French team, the French Government presented £2200 as the French South African Committee's contribution towards a chair of French language and literature in the Capetown University. A defective chimney set fire to the new Palace at Potsdam, and the Kaiser per sonally assisted to extinguish the flame*. The Danish steamer Axel collided with and sank a German tugboat off Cuxhaven, and six men were drowned. Lieut. Graetz. who is organising an Anglo-German airship expedition in New Guinea, expects to leave in October next. It is believed that Chukri Pasha has f .rtially revictualled Adrianople by seiz l •, in spite of the armistice • food con voy intended for the Bulgarians. The Turkish fleet made a sortie from the Dardanelles, but returned when the Greek fleet appeared. The Turks at Tarabosh attacked the Montenegrins, but were repulsed. A joint note from the Powers was to be presented to Turkey yesterday, and will counsel Turkey to t'.e un Adrian ople. The Turkish Cabinet intends to sum mon a Grand Council to decide the ques tion of peace or war. LONDON, Sunday. The Board of Trade Committee, in con nection with precautions f-» safety of life at sea, recommends the stowing of extra boats sufficient to accommodate all per sons on board any vessel. Where the stowing of extra boats is impossible, it suggests the adoption of reversible pon toons and rafts capable of being thrown trom the decks of vessels. Sixteen liftmen and booking clerks on the Baker-street and Waterloo tube rail way were charged with fraud. It is alleged that they refrained from dippint passengers' tickets, and later reissued those tickets to the public. Several of the accused were sentenced to short terms oi imprisonment, while others were bound over to be of good behaviour. 