FOREIGN NEWS. The missing boat of the Spanish steamer Paulina wrecked last week on the coast of Wigtonshire, in Scotland, has turned up. The captain and 13 sailors, who it was feared had been drowned, were all safe. The Ministerial trouble which was caused by the late Minister for War re-appointing Col. Paty de Clam (notorious in connection with the Dreyfus case), to an army post has been temporarily settled. De Clam, who was guilty of insolence to superior officers when reinstated, has been suspended for a year. Professor Fibiger, the eminent Danish sa- vant, who has been investigating the origin of cancer, announces that experiments show that cancer is produced in rats by the eat- ing of cockroaches, in which a certain minia- ture parasitic worm lays its eggs. Mr. Taft, whose, term of office as President of the United States is near expiration, has vetoed the Immigration Bill passed by Con- gress, imposing a literary test on all foreigners seeking to enter America. The President denounces the test as not even likely to afford a relief from the danger the authors of the measure suppose to exist. The French Government has purchased for use in army aeroplanes the pendulum in- vention of M. Morean, by which the auto- matic stability of aeroplanes is alleged to be secured. The United States Lawn Tennis Associa- tion have decided to challenge in connection with the Davis Cup. American competition in the production of low and medium priced motor-cars is stated to have so alarmed English manu- facturers that nearly a score cf the latter have decided to organise a company with a capital of £5,000,000 to manufacture in- expensive cars to meet that competition. His Holiness Pope Pius X giving audience last week to the Roman Catholic Arch- bishop of Wellington (N.Z.), said he desired to acknowledge the tokens of sympathy ten- dered to him on the recent neath of his sister. Signora Rosa Santo, from all quar- ters—but especially from Auglo-Saxon coun- tries. At Leipzig, in Saxony, last week, Herr Link, a postal official, was killed while try- ing an aeroplane flight. Count Montcuccoli, Naval Commander-in- Chief, has resigned that post owing to at- tacks made on him because he ordered a million's worth of supplies abroad. Vice- Admiral Andersehein succeeds to the marine commandership-in-chief. The funeral of Herr Schumier, leader of the Socialist Party in the Austrian Parlia- ment, who was assassinated by a Socialist ironworker named Kunschak, last week, was on Sunday attended by 900,000 people. The funeral wreaths sent filled 17 carriages. Owing to a series of disasters, due to de- fective powder and other causes, the French navy has for some time past suspended the customary big gun practice on battle ships. Oh Tuesday the firing was resumed, and on the battleship Danton at Toulon a gun burst, killing three men. The fire in Stamboul which on Monday destroyed many houses, and was seriously threatening the great Mosque of St. Sophia, has been extinguished. 