Gossip for Women, 1 Notes from Sydney;, , i SIDNEY, September 3. Dear- Cynthia,— The hail at Government House, iu honour of the parliamentary visitors, seems like ancient history, as it .was held nn Wednesday hi last week, hut a few words must he accorded to this function, as it was generally -admitted to he olid of the best vicc-rcgal Imlls ever given in Sydney. Newly done up in white and gold, the 'ballroom looked bril liant, and the lawns, with an awning snread overhead, were a great addition to the spaciousness of the premises. Lady Edelinc Strickland was present all the evening, and although she dill not move about much, everybody was glad to see that tbe fatigue oi a whole even ing's entertaining of so many guests apparently did her ..110 harm. Lady Em- mo tt, Lady and Miss Carlilc, Lady .Col lins, and the other ladies from . over seas were delighted at our State Governor's hospitality, ' and their gowns were the admired of all. Lady Strick land wore amethyst brocade, .which material was greatly favoured by most of our distinguished lady visitors. Dia monds and old lace added to the effect of. splendour, which was the note of tbe hall. It was generally thought that Mrs. Evelyn Beerbohm was the belle of the ball. As Miss Elsie Anderson, Mrs. Beer bohm, held first rank as a beauty, and her few years' matrimony have but in creased her preltiness. 'Mrs. Beerbohm wore heliotrope satin and a gold spotted scarf. On the next night, Mr. and Mrs. Beerbohm, who arc devotees of the new style of dancing, gave a dinner party, and a ' dance lo follow on the Thursday night, at which many of those who had been at Mr. John M'Cormack's concert, put in an appearance, among them Captain and Mrs. Ronald Forbes, and Captain Talbot. Pretty girls by the score, and partners in plenty,, helped to make this little two-step party one of the most pleasant of tlio season. Debutantes were in good company at tho Governor's hall, for it saw- the offi cial "coming out" of Miss Strickland. Miss Regan (of Tamworth), Miss Fitz- patrick, and Miss Pearl Gannon made their first appearance iu society on that occasion ; also Miss Earp, daughter of Mr. nnd Mrs. G. Earp, of Point Piper. Aliss Gannon, tile daughter of the well knowd K.GV, was chaperoned by Lady Carru- thers. The home of MrT James Gannon's family is at Doll's Point, Sandringham, a remote suburb on the shores of Bot any Bay, which is devoted to fishing mostly. To tho debutantes at Government House hall, the now dances presented no terrors, and the girls showed up well in two-1 steps and "Bostons." Honours were about easy, for as many danced one way as the othor, the old school of quiet, re strained waltzing finding about 50 per cent of followers. . Ospreys wave from every" second head at balls and theatres now. Nothing has come up to dethrone the expensive and cruelly- obtained crest of ,the heron, from its supremacy in the world of frivolity. Big tiaras, with an osprcy stuck in the middle, look '. dashing on some heads, and on others, merely conspicuous. '. Sideways , is ' the favoured position for the feathers however, float ing at -tho side of tho chignon. Bands of pearl, ribbon, or gold leaves, or wheat cars confine the tresses, keeping them as close to the head at the sides as pos sible. A graceful, sensible stvle of hair- dressing now prevails, and the lines of the head, often j>. very Charming contour are not concealed. Miss May Huxley, the soprano assist ing the tenor, Mr. John M'Cormack, wore a gown at the first concert, which was mucfi admired. It was oi absinthe green ninon. Beautifully finished with a tunic and corsage of gold embroidered tissue. Many well known faces were hniong the .audience which was a large one, including almost to a man and 'woman our pro minent Irish citizens, who love to hear the old sweet Irish ballads from the Hps ol the singer, who is a true son of old Erin. "A broth of a hoy" must have been the epithet often bestowed upon Jlr. M'Cormack in the days before he was famous. But vou will soon be having the pleasure of hearing his sweet silvery tenor for yourselves, and can form your own opinion. ' Miss Huxley's portrait ap pears elsewhere in this issue of the "Tele graph." Genee dances away like, a fairy or a moonbeam on the water, or any other poetical siniile that rises to mind. She. is entrancing, exquisite, absolute perfec tion. All these adjectives arc not,' of course, offered in tho critical sense, for the dancer is above criticism, but just as a faint indication of what Gence can make her beholders feel. And yet it seems al most incredible, but it is true, and Genee herself acknowledges if, people are confessing themselves " somewhat dis appointed with her perlorniance. Genee appeals to a higher stratum of refine ment than ordinary; theatregoers possess. Women form the great body of Genee's admirers hero, .Seldom, do you hear a woman who lias seen her, do anything else but rave over tho Danish dancer, but men, strango to say, remain .cold to her attractiveness. Genee's dress in her new dance is a charming piece of Dresden china prcttincss. In the polka comiqite she wears an amethyst muslin satin striped skirt, und a quaint, little bonnet, while her partner, JI. Volinin, is clad in an appropriate picrrot costume. "Futurist" fabrics glow brightly at us from shop windows oii all sides. Ribbons, silks,, embroideries, hats all fall under tho sway of this new obsession, lb is just about "as hard to describe a "futurist" pattern to anybody who bus not seen one as it is to describe the new frocks, and how- they are built. And that is voted well nigh impossible. They say (in the costume departments of our largo drapers' shops) that fashion reporters this season simply do not begin lo write up the wondrous creations of skill and taste which they (the costuinicrcs) arc building in our behalf. But while one admits that the plaint is well founded, one pleads tho impossibility of the task, as " crazy as a cubist" has passed into a proverb. The new fashions fairly run athwart all our old notions of "what was what," and imagination boggles at the task of describing most of the current finery. The Governor and Lady Edelinc Strick land entertained at dinner on Monday Mr. and Mrs. Hamar Greenwood and Jlr. und Mrs. B. R. Wise. Mrs.,- Greenwood, who is with licr husband staying at the Australia, has not hitherto been able lo enjoy the expeditions arranged for tho parliamentarians, owing to her indisposi tion, from wiiich she has happily recov ered. The Royal Art Society's exhibition is a social centre of the week. Attendances are keeping well up' to tbe mark, and parties are given on some evenings, for which Die well arranged and well lighted rooms arc well fitted. Nino young hostesses, including Miss Oxuard-Smitli, the secretary's daughter, got together an interesting programme on Monday night. Songs, piano selections nad reci tations 'were given by some of the host esses and clever friends. 'Among the guests were many artists and their be longings, also a sprinkling of the more cultured portion of loeal society. The subaltern dunce of the 2tst' anil 21th regiments took place on Thursday night in the Raddington Town 1-lall. The decorations were uncommonly smart, regimental colours, hunting, (lowers, and shaded lights all lending their aid in producing a bright effect, and, when tho grand march, which opened tho ' nro- gramme, was gone through, everybody was charmed with the brilliant sccue. Lieutenant anil Mrs. Benjamin were host anil hostess, und the majority of guests were youthful. All hud a very good time indeed. stocks arc in bloom just now at their best. They brightened tbe Queen Vic toria Club oil Friduy afternoon, when Mrs. W. A. Fox and Mrs. Scammcll weru at home. Music was the feature of the afternoon, and a political aspect was ob served among the guests, as is befitting lo this club, which was formed out of t-lie Women's Liberal League. Bishopscourt was the scene of social ..bustlft and activity, on gridny atlcrnopn, when 'the ; archbishop opened a fete in connection with tbe Ladies' I-Iome Mis sion Uniqn. Bishops foregathered from various corners of the globe, and ah op portunity was given them of meeting some of'our laymen and clerics in a very pleasant way, Bisliopsoourt being an eminently suitable spot for entertaining. The move irom Randwick to Darling Paint lias been a popular one .in every respect, for tbe old Bishopscourt was wofully out of the way, and the bring ing of the Anglican minister and his en tourage more into the midst of things, lias befcn all to the good of both church and people. Sir Henry and Lady Stephen, the Bishop of Tokio, the Bishop of Trn- vancorc, the Bishop of Tinnevelli, the Dean of Sydney, Lady Barton, Miss Tlica Milner Stephen were among those pre sent. To-morrow (Thursday) the long talked of Tasmanian evening at the King's Hall is to 'come oil. Mrs. Cecil Youl, the moving spirit, lias gathered together a band of kindred Souls from among those who once. dwelt in Tasmania, but are now Sydney residents. Sir Gerald and Lady Edelinc Strickland are going, as they still retain a deep interest, in the island where they once reigned. A Scottisli wedding was celebrated on Wednesday evening at the Presbyterian Church, Randwick, when, tho Rev. and Mrs. C. H. Talbot's third daughter, Evelyn, was married to Jlr. Leslie JI'Leod White, of the Crown law office. Mr. A. W. Jlecks, M'.L.C1., gave away the brii(e; and her sisters were bridesmaids. Sweetpeas and violets were the flowers chietly used for the decorations and bouquets; The wedding Was a very prottv onc. '< Miss Madge Titheradgc, in "A Fair Highwayman," (assumes masculine garb, which, as an eighteenth century bush! ranger, she wears with much grace. Mr. Lewis Waller looks at his best in cos tume parts, and tho setting of the play is very effective. Among tbe audience on the opening night, were Mr. Devereux,.the author of the . play, and his wife, also all the usual first-nighters. A very success ful evening was £he result, and both be fore and -behind the curtain, "the world went very well." Jlr. Percy Hunter, director of immigra tion, has been very b'usv since his return with official and other work. He js leav ing to-morrow for Jlclbourne to report to Mr. Watt, the Victorian-. Premier, and will probably leave lor London before the end of the year. ,JIr. and Jlrs. Hunter will not ta'kc up house in Sydney for some time, as his family will go hack with him to London. Mrs. Hunter, after a long spell of illness, is now happily recovered. The engagement, is announced of Jliss Mary Uanriistcr-Counscle, younger daugh ter of Jlr. ('. W. and the late Mrs. Counselc ot Summer Hili, nnd Jlr. Reginald Trimb'ic, son of Mr. and Sirs. John Trimble, of Centennial Park, - , \- Congratulations are warmly extended by his many friends to Aid. Milner Stephen on his engagement to Jliss Molly Gra ham, of Brisbane. Miss Graham is a relative of Mrs. Jlylne, of Rose Bay, And is well known in society here. Mr. Justice and Mrs. Gavan Duffy are staying at the Australia, where Mrs. DiilTv gave a limchcon pnrtv on Thursday to a group of legal luminaries' wives. Tile guests were Lndt Ciillen, Jlcsdnmes Isaacs, Rich, Street, Wise, Tom Rolin, T. Hughes, O'Gormein, Iluglics, Lane, and Jlullins. A legal dinner partv was given on another day by Mr. and Jlrs. H. C. Rich, Mr. Justice Gordon, Jlr. and Mrs. Knox, and Mr. and Mrs. Owen. were among the guests. The very important topic ot immigra tion was dealt with by the last meeting of the National Council ot Women, at Government House. Mrs. Uarfl, whose paper was the pifcee dc resistance, is the clever wife of the registrar of the Uni versity, and the daughter of the late Government astronomer, Jlr. William Rus sell. Jlr. Easton, of the Immigration League, also spoke. Mrs. Uarff dwelt chiefly on her subject from a woman's point of view, and the mistaken idea that prevails in some quarters in the old countrv, that women can benefit them selves "by coming to new countries with out knowing exactly what llicy are com ing to. Women who intend to 'cave England, and settle in Australia, should first of all make all inquiries and ob tain all the colonial information they can. Tho topic is a "live" one at present, so members present indulged in u brisk dis cussion under tho presidency or I,iwly Edelinc 'Strickland. ' PHOEBE. 