NOTES FROM MANY LANDS i 4;. . ' ; , . . rf t- ' ' " ' T. f vFroaaa. Kizxgrs to Oa/fc>3aigr©s -4 A. "4 -4 1' A 1 4 X .4 Tl " ' lk A An 'Qfr1 G'ulcbra slides "licsran to be trouble some as long ago as i$S4,< when the ;French were working in the cut. . The Balkan war has brought aljout a- rise in certain lumber prices in -"Jifiirope because of the: big demand for ahimimiition; boxes. . ... v ;!A" revised Britisli Admiralty specifi cation lor oil, fuel; .issued. recently, pro vides that the fldshpdiht shall not- be lower than? 115. degrees, as compared with 200 degrees iiij the .previous sperir fication. . In the great nitrate works of Chili, coal is being yeplaced" as fuel by petro leum, and the importance of the chauge is rnqnifest- -wheh -iteis -stated that thc- cost of fuel has, been reduced thirty per cent. ...... - Notivithstandiiig aii eyer-increasing. prothicl'idn, there- has; been a progres sively .higher 'ave.rVige price obtained for rough diamonds/ with the -.•excep tion. of iiuet-Uiiiibnp ' during certain pe- i'iods of"' depi:es?ipn,' And, -during the last twenty i citi's, diamonds have in- creaaed " in -value liy loO Per cent. America is at preset the largest, buyer of .Souih' African diamonds, aud also, for boring, ami; industrial piir- poses,' bnys?,/fi8ofn .Brazil.;. Tliough tlie : mechanical . violin -lias , finally been qccbralflishetl,.. the inven tors. were compelled to abandon the idea of -playing . a" single violin .; with | four strings. Instead tliav have adop ted thrte vioifins, teach prbsrided- .with but a single striiig. Tlie individual a, ;'d, and' e strings of -the'te instrumenLs perform all " ibe musmai functions -of the. usual . fo.ur strings of a single violin. These three violins are played upon by a circular bow composed of 3009- horsehairs. . The. bow cbxnpletely surrounds the; violins and is in cohti; nuous nidveihe'nt; Th order to; produce a tone thq ;' particular violin . required is bodily pressed, against., the -bow with more ...or, less, iotec.. :-thus_ reversing .he meibdd' of' hmvd- playing. The" actual notes are formed bji fingers on the neck of ' the violin, which fingers are operated by pneumatic mephanisnrcon- triolled by the usual paper roll. The oaly effect which can no.t be obtained on bhe, instrument is that of the glfer sando ; in other words, that rapid sliding of a. finger along a; string which produces the . characteristic ; moaning of a violin in legatissimo playing. . ' In France a ' new , system . ; of .. road designation for the convenience of tourists has been "adopted. Every road in the country will be given a name and a number, and these designations will J>e painted upon direction posts "at the ,1'dad .crossings and the 100- rneter posts along, the rpads. The high ways of France are . classified as na tional roads, departmental roads, and so on.' The roads jn each case will be numbered. The direction postwill state the class of highway . and the -number of the' road. The" tourist start ing on a journey will peed only a strip of figures, and "he wall be. able to find his way anywhere. , - ... .... . ; . .. : Were it not' for Senator" John D. lteince, of Passaic, County, .who'is also a ., professb? ' 6f.ASemitic; languages at Columbia University, little would have been known ,'ot the present :timq. of the odd colony of Nete Jersey. Dutch (says " The Argonaxit "I- ". For several years he has" studied .their characteristics and tlieir dialect/: nhd he lias prepared a dte-tionary of their language, copies of which' he has firesented to all the important-libraries of the country. In ten years, . j-nqress,or .Prince says, the Jersey" Dtitc-h :c-olohy' will' be only.' a memory, owing- to the age of the pew- sons who noiv cqnifiose- it. "During the last three decades the cblony has bom driven from its -former, territory by the advent ot the public schools, and now survives in the memories of some. -.200 old persons, nqa'rly all of whom- "are more -than seventy years old. The younger, .generations,; ' have-, preserved, however, llie ciirio.us Jerky, intonation, unclear- diction, and%the. marked sing-, song /toue/of kvdicc- \yhich .. were the characteristics, of. the parents1 speech. The Jersey Dutch was originally the Son ill .Hdllnndor Flemish language, which 'in the course of, 'centuries' be came mixed with and partially! influen ced by Eno-lisir, -having- borrowed also from tlie Mirmi (Lenape- Delaware) In dian lano-uave a few animal -arid- plant names. Thk -Dutch has suffered little or nothing from modern Holland or Flsmish. immigration,- Pr0fess'or prince says, there is a -sinall- colony of old neo-roes living on the mountain back. ofSuffcrn, New. York, ,whq stjU use their own. dialect' of "Jersey Dutch, but they are diliicult of access, owing to ;their" sh.jmess -of. -Strangers. - - - Dop-wood, tlie principal source of shuttles for use in cotton mills, is ' growing., scarcer year by year, and various substitutes are leing tried, but- with no great success. . In Fe'rlin doctors' coachmen wear white hats. This enables the publis to quickly rccoghlse a physician's ve hicle in oase:his services are required. , The lowest human habitation is aid to be- those of- the coal miuers- in Bohemia, some of whom make their dwellings at a point 2000ft; below sea level. ' . -Behind the Black Cordilleras, so call-; ed because they are barren and have been - -without rriin since "1S6S; lies a plateaii \rf-th an elevation laiig'nrg from 12,000 to' 1,6,000 feet, inhabited bv the most peculiar tribe of Indians in- Peru. A returned traveller says their chests are distended, -because "of t-W altitude, and claims that, thc-v cannot live in tlie lower- altitudes. They are .stolid,' but' good workers, harmless, and given to drink. "Thby do not speak Spanish, having preserved their ancient .tribal language. . , Rol>sr t Scliumann. the, great compo ser, 'the ceniehary of whose birth was. recentiy celebrated, tried to- become- a lawyer to please his mother, and fail ed after two years or wearisome study. 'At l'loidellterg Univei'sity he made the acnuaintanca'of MilVibald Aiexic, who had already trodden- the path -Schu- raan was -. destined to follow — that through the law to' music; And the eminent jurist whose classes he atten ded, A. F. J." T'liibaut, was an ama teur musician of high attainment? and the author of a work on precisely that aspect of music to which -Schumann was peeuiiarlv sensitive, namely, puifity in- musical art. - ' - A' certain number Of cars-:- on the Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brdmp- tdn -tubes (says the -Eiectrician "). haveFpce11 fitted with a centre door, dpeirt-hg inward.; These doors are com pletely under, the con trol of the - con- ' duct or. . from4 liis platform, and can cither be bolted or unbolted . bv merely pressing a small lever. Each doorway is connected with electric -lights on the . conductor's platform V and in tlie dri- ; ver's cab, which light or -go out accor ding as the doors ; are bolted - or un bolted. No train is, therefore, started until the' light by the driver's side assures Mm all doors are closed. Kansas is said to lose between two and three million bushels of wheat each j' ear because of 'the straw stacks. The' straw is -of comparatively little feed value/ although stock will live on straw alone all winter. Some far mers have a hundred times more-straw than all .their stock could eat. The straw has no 'value as a fertiliser un til \yell rotted, and it takes four to six years to rot. - Not- less than 100,000 acres of land,: it is estima ted, are. covered 'with straw stacks and made useless for farm purposes every year. -Burning these straw- stack's does great damage to the ground on 'which it stands, as the, terrific lieat takes all the life out of the ground for a hundred feet or iriore around the stack. Recently . unveiled in the tower, of St. Xazare Railway Terminus, Paris, the first monster public clock beeping time in accordance with the new French computation. The peculiarity of this timepiece, is that it has' two separate dials which change ' places automatically on the strokes of mid- niglit and midday. The first is num bered from zero' to twelve, and the second froin thirteen to twenty -four. Five minntes from midnight will be '' five minutes to twenty-four," and five minutes after midnight "five min utes after zero." ' | The feeling, among the people ot Cen- ,j iral America, Honduras, .. Nicaragua l . and ' Costa-rRiea, is that Bible work ; is only preliminary to; political occu pation. Sometimes even squads of men are -formed to chase Bible agents out o.E the country. Two Roman" graves/ containing very fine examples of pottery, -have just .been found during excavations on the Syridale. estate, which belongs to the family of Mr. G. C. H. Mhefer. M-P. for the Eaversbam dii'irion of Kent, in .which .the "estate stands, Mount Etna was shaken one night- recently, by-' a - severe, eartliqfake, winch caused, a. panic .throughout the Gata- nia revibri. Experts consider that this and" other .shocks, together with the recent", remarkable ferment within the Yesfivian crathr, denote, a; not far dis tant- upheaval ofi a vusicr scale. \- Nottingham is tlie onlv town in Fng- lAnd which -equals Leicester— where . the 'ihchtsfery Was introduml in- 1680 — in., 'tlie'. .manufacture- of plain '. and fancy hosiery. Leicester : is of great anti- ' qnify, t-hougli the 'greater part of tlie town is moclern. Untfer the name of -Ratisoteion it was an important Ro- !man station. It wits also 'one of - the five, old" Danish Ipurgs, a.nd until S74- was an ecclesiastical see. Its charter of iiKCtt- poratiori was- obtained from King John, and parliaments were held in the. town by- lien rv Y. in 14M. and Henry "ST. ' in 1426. In tlie neighbor hood of the t-own are the remains of the jvbbev of Black Canons, which- was- fouhded in 1143. Island, in the.- Great --Salt, Lake, Utah, is probably the most unique rookery in . the world, as well as one J of the . most densely populated. The island ..contains 'about twelve acres, and on a rocky pinnacle a hnnffirad feet above the brine, with not - a drop of fresh water to" be found, and where there ;is nothing t-o-. excite' the cupidity or commercial instinct qf man, the birds — gn'Js, pelicans, herons, and cor morants- by the thousand— make their A ' home. The island can be seen at a distance of ten miles, rising like a " cocked hat " out of the sapphire of the inland sea.. The birds are utterly fearless. Protected as they are by the laws of the State, they- have had little cause to. "fear man and his death-deal ing weapons. It is necessary to use the greatest care to avoid stepping on the nests and eggs of thfe . . .tens of thousands of sea fowl that have esta blished trliejr rookeries on the islet Iceland, for maim years an exporteq- of live sheep to Scotland and Eng land, is to become a larger factor in the commercial world, despit-e its nor thern latitude. An English firm has signed contracts ' for the purchase of Bettifails. the largest waterfall in tlie island, situated, about thirty-live niiles from the. sea coast in tlie river Tofcul- sa, which flows over. Northern Iceland . for 100 miles and empties into tlie ; Arctic Ocean. The company will erect \- large works and construct a railway I from the coast to the falls.' Fertiliser ! will, be produced, and the plant will require some -109,000 horse-power. The water power available at - the falls pur- I chased js estimated- at 410,000 h.p., and much more can be obtained in the J vicinity if needed. The . falls were pur chased from four Iceland peasants, each of whom receives about £2000 ,as his sharp. Probably, no- other place, -in North America (says " The Argonaut")' has a post office of the unique proportions of - Beebe Plain, Yermont. There a simple wooden /building shelters the offices of two countries. The structure- is -cut diagonally bv the Canada line, being almost equally -divided by the imaginary- boundary. The northern half contains- tlie post office of Beebe Plain, Canada ; and the. southern, half the post office of Beebe Plain, - Ver mont. They are separated only by a ten- foot corridor, . using this passive-: way and the same door 4n common. George. H. House, postmaster, looks after tlie mails of the two offices. As a result of redtape in the postal regn-" i lations regarding the transfer of mails \ a letter mailed at the Vermont office i for the. Canadian office across the hall i travels 200 miles before delivery. A letter posted at Beebe Plain, Vermont, for Beebe Plain, Canada, will o-o south on the Boston and Maine Railroad from Besbe Junction. Vermont, to White River Junction, III' mites omthe same, and thus contrnues its- -way to Sherbrooke, Canada, thirty-four miles further. There it is again transferred, and returns to Beebe Plain, Canada, That is, after having a ride of twen ty-four hours, and going 290 mitou it arrives -at it3 destination, ten feet from where it started) 