Antes and News. The Council having decided.- to ruthlessly put down, what is termed, the goat nuisance, two men were Put on this week to destroy them. Un Tuesday morning, a start was made in the suburbs, but meeting tilth considerable opposition, . they obtaihed the company, of Air. Llcn- net.t, City Inspector, ani.l in the af ternoon considerable progress was made. in exterminating unregistered and straying animals. Air. Bennett, in his visits to goatoivners, explain-: ed the; matter fully, pointing out that seven days were allowed in which to register. If not paid . for by tile "end of that term, prompt summonses would be issued, or if- they did not wishvto keep the ani mals, men would be sqnt . to destroy theni, but it must be understood one of these courses must at once, bo adopted. " In view .of the frequently congested state .of the' goods yard, at the Gym- Pic station; an embankment just be hind the goods' office is now being removed. This improvement should Ite much appreciated as beside en larging the yard, it will give access to another sot of rails. Yesterday afternoon a lad of about X5yrs. named Joseph Abbott, employed, at Afessrs. Bytheway and Son's, was attempting to mount a hqrse in front- of Messrs. Parr and Brook's shop, Alonkland street, Just as he reached the saddle the horse bucked, throwing him, his left - fo.ot getting caught in the near side stirrup. Ho was dragged for about a chain, when luckily his foot be came disentangled, and ho fell heav ily to the ground. - The force of the fall stunned the lad completely, and he was removed by willing hands to the roar of Messrs. Parr, and Brook's shop, and the ambulance was tele- phon-d for. He regained conscious ness before their arrival. Supt. Roffe attended to the injurios, which con sisted of "a broken, arm an:l -severe' laceration of the hand and face, and the patient was conveyed to the Hospital. -On examination, Abbott was found to have -sustained a com pound fracture of the' left upper arm, a badly lacerated finger, and contu sions and bruises, of the forehead. At 8.45 p.m. last evening a call was received by the Fire Station to attend an outbreak of fire in Bent street. Upon arrival it was found that a six-roomed house, owned by a Mr. Alyles, who is at present in' Mount Alorgan, was being totally de stroyed, all assistance being, unavail ing. The origin of the tire is un known, and it is . considered improb able thiit any insurance lias been in force, as the houso lias been unten anted for the past twelve months. In order to test the rapidity ' with which the Brigade could act. Air. AV. E., liurbidge. acting ,as timekeeper, slated the time that elapsed between the receipt of the call and the reel leaving the station was 55 seconds. Through some unknown cause, a lire broke out in the cottage on the 130-acre seleclio.ti at the Veteran, the property of Air; A. R._ White, Freemasons' "Hotel, on Sunday morn ing, the roof falling in at 8 a.m. The bulilding and its contents were entirely destroyed, also a dog that had been left within the building during his master's absence. The man who- resides, on the farm .canto to town on Saturday evening, in tending to return on 'Monday morn ing, his usual custom. He lost every thing he was possessed ..of. There was no insurance upon anything, and Air. White estimates his loss at from £70 to £80. On Friday .(to-morrow) afternoon, a meeting of ladies will be. held in Messrs. Sym and Jackson's, office, to discuss with Alesdames lteid- and Sym arrangements, fo.r taking up the Hospital Saturday street collections in Gympie. Mr. G. J. Pinkerton, 'ChaiTwood,' Cooran, writes : — "Will you allow me to correct a mistake that appears in your report of the Noosa A.H. and I. Society's meeting, last week. It should have read £14 that I report ed having collected on behalf of the socibty in and around the Gympie district — not £4, as recorded.". The monthly meeting of the com mittee of the Gympie Technical Col- lego, was held on Tuesday evening, when there were present : Messrs. F. B. Sykes (Chairman), W. E. . Bur- bidge, A. Chisholin, J. Gill, It. Hun ter, and- J. Thurecht. Amongst the correspondence were letters from the Registrar of the Queensland Uni versity (Air. W. S. Kennedy) with relation to their syllabus, and from the Department of Public Instruc tion, relative to the establishment of State scholarships. Accounts am ounting to £36/13/10 wero passed for payment.". It ivas resolved that a Visiting Committee consisting of two members ' bo appointed monthly for .the purpose of visiting tho var ious classes in ivork. Afessrs. Sykes, and Gill were appointed for Sep tember. " ' Tho Spring ..Fair of. the Central Methodist Church opens in the Gas Company's ; buildings this afternoon. . Last evening the ladies of the church were busily engaged in preparing the stalls and decorating the interior af the building, which -should present to-riny an appearance sufficiently at tractive to ensure a gratifying suc cess. The Croquet Club are holding a progressive game tins aiternoon, ana entertaining the tennis club members and friends at afternoon tea. Play begins at 2.30 o'clock sharp. Aid. J. McSweeney, on behalf of. the Alonkland Pastime Club, has handod-.to tho Secretary of the . Am bulance Transport Brigade the sum of £3. arid to the Secretary of the Benevolent Society £2; being the final result of the dissolution of the Club. A (largely attended mectiog o.f carters and car drivc-rs of various kinds was held in the Fire Station on Tuesday evening, when arrange ments- were ' made in connection with the Carters' Carnival' to be heW on October 16th. Several letters were received containing offers of assist ance, also cash donations amount ing to £3/3/. It was a point agreed upon that drivers of any vehicles cquld join the"' present body. The work of preparing and printing -the series of six-Queensland Readers ' for use in State Schools will be fin ished in timo to permit of their qoming into use at. the) beginning of. the new year. A table tin the annual report of the medical superintendent . of Dunwich gives .some interesting particulars of the inmates' ages. During the past year there were 22 inmates ; who were " over. 90 years of. age, 150 between ; .80 -'find -90, 449 between 70 arid 80, and 357 bet.ivee.n .60 and 70- During August 8000 bags of maize were despatched from Kingaroy. Mossman -Central -Sugar Alill this season has. crushed 227,236 tons of cane fpr 32,171 tons .of sugar, or 1 .ton. from 8.38 tons of cane. . _ . Tho Minister fot' Defence lias agreed to," retain the "Kill's" in the Scot- \- tish regiments, and has given in structions to prepare the details ne cessary to give effect to the deci- 8i00i : it I J ; Weather Forecast for Queensland. — Fine generally ; warm day tempera tures' inland, with- northerly winds ; tendency to become cloudy, and later thunder in lite south-west. The prize schedule, of the Tweed River .(Murwillumbah) -Agricultural bocicty lias reached this olhce. Among tho dairy .prizos aro several -ot fairly substantial character. For the best yielding herd, in any regis tered herd testing association of not less than 4Q cows; 60 per cent, to show at least 6 consecutive monthly teens, prizes arc £15, £7, £4, and £3 also special of £5/5 for first';. for the-, butter.fat prize (24 hours' yield), (he prizes -are '£6, £3, and £1 ; for the best , hunter £20, .£6., and £3. In agricultural prizes, £5/5/ -each are given for the .heaviest- yielding quarter of an acre of potatoes, .arid 5 acres of maize ; . best "collection, of farm and datry produce- £5, £3", and £1 best group, of. young dairy cattle £5/5. A bill to amend the law, as to, the manuer of, taking oaths in courts of law has been passed- in the Victorian Legislative Council. The bill pur poses doing aivay with the insanit ary habit of kissing the Bible. It provides that an oath may be .'taken in the form and manner following The person taking the oath' shall ho,ld the Noiv. Testament iin his up lifted hand, and shall say or . repeat after the officer administering the oath, tho words, "I ivear, by Al mighty ' God,' that .... ..followed; by the words of tho oath prescribed by law."" The Bromier lias been advised' that the steamer Roscommon; . which left London on 'tho 23 rd July, lias on board 370 Government immigrants'" for Queensland, 367 . .of wfio.m are nominated, and 3 fullpayers. They comprise 50 married men, 65 marri ed women, 93 single men, 50 single women, and 112 children. Their na- kionnliilies are : ' 'English,. 243"; Scotch 97 ; Irish, 29 ; and Danish, . 1; and their destinations are as follow. :' Port Douglas, 2 ; Cairns 12; Townsville, 35' ; Roiven 1 Alackay, 22 ; Ilockhamplon, 35 ; Bundaberg 9; AInryborough, 23; and Brisbane. 231. At the Bo weii meat works 400 tons of new refrigerating' machinery and plant is being installed by an English firm.' Aliss Wilena I-Ii'tching, an" official under the Derbyshire education com mittee, recently exhibited a remark able scries , of lessons at th© second Guildhall School Conference. Derby-' shire boys are taught the difference that a clean collar' makes, that it is a nice thing for boys to show cour-. tesy to their mothers and sisters, and that it is not unmanly or undig nified' to help in the homo by light ing the fire, chopping the sticks, and a dozen other things that boys can do about the homo. There is a lucky young man in the . employ, of one of the local foundry lirms (says the "Rockhamptori Bulle tin"'). Yesterday, he was working at a machine, and his clothes got caught in it. Whether, the material of which they were made had seen bettor days or whether the machine. was oils that could give an extra, strong pull is not said ; but in less time than it takes' to write this par agraph, tho. worker was left stand- ingclad only in his boots and the, collar of his shirt. His fellow em ployees ran, to his assistance, one providing him for tho time being with a bag, which happened -to be lying handy, and, another going _to his home for a fresh working suit. Air. V. Norris, an ex-alderman of tho Lismore Council, . -thougn ' now over 90 years .of ago, has declared his intention of seeking to re-enter municipal life at thg next elections. The wheatfields "in the Warwick dis-, trict are languishing under the con tinued dry. conditions, and residents from nil centres emphasise the need of a useful downpour. A well-known resident of Fort" Mac-, quarie last week rcceivtyl a telegram (says the "Northern Champion") to proceed to Sydney, as his daughter— a line, robust young woman — would have to have' her arm amputated as the result of vaccination. The annual report of the N.Z. Un der-Secretary for Lands states tihat only -1,500,000 acres of Crown lands are left, of which not more than 100,000 acres are first-class, and little provision can be made out of this area for small settlers. The change in the price of railway platform tickets at Warwick from 2d to 6d came into force on Sunday, when 52 tickets were sold, bringing in a revenue of £1/6/. This com pares with 69 tickets and 11/6 for the previous. Sunday. On the other Sundavs in August the sales were as follow 3rd, 84 ; -10th, 97 ; 17th. 140 ; 24th, 60. Cliftqn Shiro Council last week duly confirmed the by-laiv imposing a dog-tax throughout the Shire. It was resolved "to procure 500 tags for attaching to the collars of tho dogs when registered. A resident of Boivral district (N. S.W.) last week accounted for six foxes in one shot. This probably constitutes a record. The "bag" comprised a .mother and live cubs ; they were sitting .on a rabbit warren at the time. G . . G undersoil ' lias. ' retained tho .chess chauipio,nship of Victoria, de feating the challenger, C. -G. Steele, by 5 wins to 3. . ' A young policeman at iiivicta was set upon by four navvies on Satur- day, and in the course of the fight was knocked unconscious with a bottle. Next day he and another policeman from Bundaberg ' arrested the fo.ur. Another batch of cadets has . been dealt with in Brisbane for failing to render ' personal service required, by the Defence Act. One of the noodles said he did not believe in war, but the I'.Af. told him it was not . a case of war just' now, but a matter of discipline, and gave, liim a month to spend in drilling at Lytton fort. One day last week (says; the Too- ivoomba "Chronicle") Mr. Ormiston, of Undulla Creek, was hunting a large, dingo, and chased him into a blind gully. Finding no outlet, tho animal turned on his pursuer, and saVagely attacked him. AR. Ormis ton defended himself with . a stout stick; 'and after, an exciting battle, succeeded in despatching the dingo.. -Wondai Hospital. — A meeting of the committee of the . proposed . Wondai Hospital . was . hel'd . on Thursday (writes the "Daily ATail's" correspon dent). Air. Parr, of Home Creek, was elected « member of the committee. It was -decided tp write.. -tho ' Home Secretary', asking what was the cor rect procedure with regard to the ap pointment of trustees, and also to ask permission to run an art union in aid of the funds.' Air. S. Br An derson- wrote donating an allotment (building) of land in the Westw.oo'd .Estate, to -be. disposed of ia aid of the hospital funds. Other prizes for the art union were : Pony, presented by" Mr. .T. A. Slater ; pig, Mr. P. J". Burns ; heifer, Mr. W. E. Hprne ; .letterpress, "Mr. Ball. A vole of thanks was passed, for donations and it was decided, to -canvas .for further prizes. A>cb'mmi£tee was appointed to make all ' arrangements for the art union '( . ...: ' \- ' '' 