.NEWS OF THE DAY. A Cowra lintrlct farmer this season received £1000 for the hay crop off 100 acres. Victorlan farmers continue to buy con siderable areas of land in the Gilgandra district of thin State. The financial position of the Sydney City Connelil is such tlhat it will prob ably, bhe necessary to impose fresh taza tson. The carthquake which occurred In New 7eairnd on Saturday was recorded by the instruments at the Sydney Observa tory. The Victorian Immigration Department says that an over-lncreaosing demand is being made for the seryles of dnmcs tics. Tasmania is the only State which has definitely accepted the proposals of the governor of the Commonwealth Bank in connection with the savings bank, In 1912 11,738 marriages took place In Victoria, 650 more than in the precadlng year. The resulting marriage rate was the highest in the State for 52 years. Mr. Fisher, the Prime Minister, will deliver his policy speech at Maryborough (Q.) on March 31. He says that he never knew such a tame pro-election campaign. Splendid rains have fallen over. the Dorrigo district, and the prospects for the winter aie very bright. The Dorrigo butter factory turned out 28 tons of but ter for the month of March. Speaking at Teass, Mir. M'Gowtn, the State Premier, said that he considered Mr. Nielsen's report as ten thousand times more valuable than thib amount which it cost the State to send him to America. Mr. W. E. Hart, the aviator, expresses himself as being unfavouranle to Dunt room as a site for the military school of aviation, as the great altitude would ne cmssitate the use of very powerful en gines. Mr. E. J. Kovanagh. M.L.C., secretary of the New South Wales Labour Council, referred to the advantages of arbitration over strike methods. A strike could be effective only where it caused inconven icnco to the general public. A. number of inquiries have been rceiv ea from Canada by the External Affalrs Department from people who want full particulars concerning the free farms which are bdeing made available for se lection in the Northern Territory. The death is announced from Eltham (N.Z.) of Dr. Harrison, as the rcoult of blood-poisoning. coitraScted w?ile ope rating on a child for an abscess. Some days ago blood-poisoning set in, and the surgeon's arm was amputated, but this did not save his life. One of the representatives of the Coo tamundra Labour League at the recent conference, has declared that the confer ence has lost its power, and that it was evident that a lot of hungry place-seekers thought'they could run the country bet tsr than the present Ministry. The building which os to house the headquarters of the Commonwealth Bank In Sydney will be an imposing structure, 160 feet high. Only the basement and the ground floor will \be occupied by the bank, and the other floors will be occu pied by Commonwealth departments. • The finance committee of the Sydney City Council has recommended that no further action be taken in the matter of the motion of Alderman Meagher as to urging upon the Government the neces slty of promoting legislation with a view to the" establishment of a Fair Rents Cosurt. A resident of Bathurst, writing to the press, says he has official proof that 295 dogs wero shot by the pollic in Bathurst during last year. He asserts that the animals were captured during the night, and then taken to the lockup, each tail being worth Is Cd to the "apprehending" constable. A New Zealand firm, which is endeav ouring to work up a direct butter tarade with Germany, is yielding to the preju dices of the country against the ordin ary s~qfuare box, and is impolrting 1i00 casks of the pattern lused by the Danish factories. These will be filled for the German market. At a meeting of the Sydney branch of the Industrial Workers of the World it was decide to send extracts from the Sydney papero to the press of Great Britain, to direct attention to the num ber of unemployed men in Sydney, sod that intending emigrants may be warned. E.x ception was taken to the remarks of a speaker at the last meeting of the La bour Council, to the effect that the un employed.were men who would not work, even if they had a chance to do so. The conditions for shipping pigs at Nambucca Heads have caused complalnts frmn the people interested, who are caull log loudly for a remedy. The aecosonso dation on the wharf is altogether inae quate, and often 200 pigs are being plaued in a pen only suitable to occupy 40. When boats are bar-bound, many of these die through overcrowding, and the carcases are thrown into the river. Last week, whlle the boat was delayed, dead pigsF were seen lying about in all directihns. Alderman White, the Mayor of Banks toi., -has been fined 5s, or Imprisonment until tlie rising of the court for assault ing Alderman Huston on the occasion of the recent election of Mayor. It was stated that Husion made allusion to WVhite's domestic affairs, and that the latter then left his seat at the council table, and gave l1uston a good p?Dclhing. WThcn the ic~nalty was announced the Mayor informed the magistrate that he would not pay the fine, ihut wou.ld take it out. The Court at once rose, so the Mayor was at liberty. Mr. T. R. Bavin, the Food Commis slonr,\\.took further evidence it Sydney on the question of the ,nlk supply. Val demur. .anson, an eangineer, said he wass' familiar with the condlitions under which milk was supplied to the City of Copenhagen, Denmark, which bad the best supply of milk in the world. The system introduced by a Mr. Busek began in a small way, but had now developed into a very large company. This company supplied milk of highest quility at a price which was lower than t'he one char ged to consumers in Sydney/. The busi ness was carried on partly an philantl' . plc lines, and the dividend was rcstri? ed to 5 per. cent. Anythilng over tlot amount was devoted to supplying IC? free to the poor, or to improving on conditions under which the business was carried on. Machine- ml?king was not al together favourably regarded in Den mark. Witness approved of a bacterlo logical standard being set up for all milk p6ld in the city. Sir George Reid, the High Commis s?ioner, is endeavouring to induce British manufacturers to establish themselves in the Commonwealth. Here are the tf ducements he holds out :-To thebs British man~ifacturer with capital Australia offers a remarkable field for enterprise. Aus tralia's raw material Is as varied in char acter as it is unlimited in quantity. Fur ther, it is cheaply oon. The Australian people are extremely prosperous, and are, in consequence, liberal spenders. Al ready the Commnonwealth is Great Bri tain's third best market. But under the revised tariff the Australlan manufacturer .gets a substantial protection. The Aua .tralian people are showing a growing preference for home-made goods. The British manufaetitrer will do well to con sider, the establishment of branch fae .torles.in Australia. Australia is rapidly filling up her empty spacese. The most pronounced movement to-day is the spread of farming. Mofe farmers mean more production, more wealth, and more people '-an ever-expan'ding market. Now is the time for the manufacturer to establish himself inside the tariff. *Mr.. J. D. Fitzgerald, chairman of the .Housing Board, gave further evidence be-. fore the Works Committee, In connection. 'with the inquiry into the Daceyvil't scheme. In regard to the building rf *weatherboard cottages, the witness read i nminute, which the Advisory Board sub mitted to the Minister dealing with the subJect. He said that the cost to erect these rbottages, according to the design ap proved. would be £250; but there were,. In addition, several incidental Items which had to be provided for, and which would send the cost of the cottages up to! £315 1is dd, while they wouild require to' bP built on 40tt frontage allotments. The estimated life of such a buildint was 20 years. and in' order to' ocurc.thls. it would hbve to be painted every three years, while new roofing, and piping, etc., would have to be attended to also. 'To meet thls cast, a rental sof 17s per week ,would have to be charged, and the board was of opinion that this rate wouold be too much for a cottage of such a chlar acter. The hlgh rental was made neces sary on account of the comparative short life of the cottage. The board did not favour the proposal. Referrlng to the cable moessage ;ent from Eugland, in which it wa. latedl by the "'Morning I'ot". that the ships of the Australian unit would be little more than "pirate" ships In time of war, Senator Pearce. the Minister for Defence, stated that the writer of the article had not acquainted himself with the facts. "'Read the naval agreement of 1911." said Senato- Pearce. "The whole of the in format:on will be found there. The Aus trallan fighting ships will be all right." Mr. Thos. Ring. of Iall's Creek. Ma rllla, was filttcn on the leg by a tiger inakio on Saturday afternoon. He ap piled ligatures and scnarlled the wound, and then walked some distance for Ihelp. Ho was alfterwards driven into town, a distance of 10 miles, .for medical atten tion. Great dinficulty was experienced in tkeeping him awake. He was talkent to a hall, where as bazaar was in progress, and walkedt about. Atterwards he was admitted to the hospital, and is now out of danger. One of the most attractive sources of amusement during the Easter carnival In Sydney will be the production of the dramatic version of Harold iM'Grath's world famous book, "The Man on the Box." which the new theatrical enter prise, Little Theatres, Limited, under the management of the well-known English actor, Mr. Hugh C. Buckler, will stage to mark the opening .of the Little Theatre in Castlerecagh-strcet, A powerful com pany has been engaged to support Mr. Buckler. While journeying to the service on Mount Kosciusko on Sunday, an accident occurred to one of the motor cars, be- longing to Balmaln Brothers, of Cooma, conveying eight passengers. At a spot four miles from the Creel, the offside front wheel blow out, causing the car to overturn, and roll 15ft down an embank- ment. William Crawford, of Moonbah, had his right leg broken. A Povey, driv- er of the car, was bruised and shaken; an elderly woman, Mrs. Thompson, sen- tor, 84 years of age, was much shaken. Others escaped with bruises. Mr. W. E. Hart, the aviator, passed through Goulburn on Monday. He is mo- toring to Albury, to obtain a knowledge of the country, his idea being to make an attempt iin the future to fly from one capital to the other. He says he would like to be the'first man to.accom plish the feat. and thinks that under fa vourable conditions the Journey could be done in six hours. Hart proposes to build a new machine should he decide to at tempt the trip. When questioned as to the result of his accident, he said his nerve was better than ever It was. He does not favour the establishment of an aviationt school at the Federal capital, holding that. owing to the altitude of tle site, not more than half work could be got out of the engine there, as compared with what was possible on the coast. An old-age pensioner. Gee. Letchford, 55 years old, was examjled at Cootamun dra by Mr.:Giles Shaw. P.M., chairman of the Old-age Pension Beard. Thile Fed cral authorities, acting on complaints made by local residents. that the pen sioner was malting mone: out of a vege table garden. required certain htforma tlon. The pensioner produced his bank book showing £35 in credit. The pen sion for the year amounted to £26. 01 this £20 iild becn banked. The police gave the pensioner an excelle.nt character, oas also did Alderman M'Bcth. The evi dence showed the ,lensloner had a life Interest in1 a two-roomed cottage and gar den. He made habout £7 annually oult of vegetables. The life interest was not worth £5. Tile police magistrate com pllmenteil Letchford on his industry at 8i. 