I PERSONAGRAPHS. \ 0 O I PEEPS AT PEOPLE. t <y ... I | & -v A. J. Balfour was 65 -ou July 25, and Bernard Shaw 57 on the 2bth. Bill James, of Geraldton and Meeka- tharra fame, is now in Sydney. Bill talks of taking a trip to the Old Coun try, but i L will take a lot to tear him away from his beloved Australia, Convalescent after a nainful ' illncsj- Donald, author of " The Real Austra lia." Don. talks of taking a trip- East, where publishers and other fear some persons have their lairs. ; Edgar DupTock,- well remembered at the Old Camp, Kalgoorlie and Norse man during the roaring 'nineties, is now head-sorang of Meekatharra's health board. ""There goes my new postage stamp and Cbinn." a Federal .Minister is credited with -having observed, more' gloomily than grammaticaflv. when it became clear that the Fisher adminis tration had got its notice to quit from the people of Australia. The first part of 'the predictiou has already been verified. How about the second ? Harvard University (LT.S.A.) has re cently established a chair of Japanese language and literature. Masahara Anesaki, at present teaching in the College of Literature iiy the Imperial Universjtv. will be the first incumbent of the Harvard chair, and will enter on his new duties in September. Re presentative Ja?.>anese have given £4000 towards startiag and maintain ing, the chair. The 1 Australian Medical Journal" publishes an article from the pen of Dr. . Arthur J. Nyiilasv. M.R.C.S., of Perth. ou- the abstruse hut highly im portant subject', of Intestinal Draiu- age in Peritonitis;" . Dr. Nvulasy's gynaecological work at ? the Perth Hospital has been followed with great interest by the faculty, - and threatens to make him famous. " "From Leonora: Ex-Mayor Price, after a Lengthy absence,- has returned prridigal-like to ' his Tower-street haunts, and \vas duly wept upon, by a -delighted community. There is some talk of -his , settling down ' once moire in business — in the dual role of publican and- ne.wspaper promoter. He owns the " Leonora Miner." Exit Joseph Vardon, sometime Sen ator and. head of the Liberal organisa tion in South Oss. Doubtless the Senate campaign killed - J oseph (he died from hemorrhage of the brain), even as it killed the ill-fated Crosby, who. beat him by 14 votes in 1906. When a man's seventy he should shv off the Senate. In these days of hoo liganism and absent voting the em bryo Senator needs a brain of ire and a heart of iron. Twelve m'en penetrated Central Africa shortly after the death of Livingstone, for the purpose of founding a mission on Lake Nyassa. One of them was J. A. Patterson, vjho now lives in Portland. Oregon, where he is an elder and charter missionary of Westminster Church. He was the marine engineer with the missionary party, haying charge of a steam larinch which was sent up the inland waters of the Dark Continent. -The mission still serves" as a monument to the great explorer. Only two -other members of this party are still living. Professor Yves Delage, who is the leading worker in France on the pro blem or the origin of life, and. contri butor of sensational experiments in artificial fertilisation of the' eggs of sea-urchins, has become Wind. .This malady is believed to be due to thirty years close work with the microscope. Notwithstanding lfis affliction, he . will continue his researches with the aid of his assistant, Mdlle, Goldscbmidt. Professor Delage is a member of the Academie of Science and is the author of many scientific works. . Alfred Ernest Warinan is the man who wields tlie " Swau " fountain to some purpose in the sanctum sancto rum of the " Meskatharra Miner." Ho does not possess a hobby, unless it be that of " flute-playin-." at ivhich pas- time his friends maintain he is some what of an expert. An authority on horse-racing, cricket, football and pe- destrianism. In the days of his youth, according to the best authority, i.e., " A.E.W.," a Postle sor a Donaldson wouldn't have been able to see him for dust— or gas — off the 75yds. mark. A likeable fellow in many respects, and as honest as the summer in those distant parts is long, but when lie gets going properly a Zeppelin balloon is only -a circumstance to him. A story is current among Eastern politicians is that Jerry Strickland hopes to be the next Governor-Gener al. Jerry has been vice- king of Tas mania, W.A., and New South Wales, a position that he now holds, and 'as he has influential family connections on both sides of the House it is quite on the cards that ho will succeed Denman. On one occasion rfir Ger ald uarrowly escaped an appointment as Dudley's locum teneus what time i hat noble philanderer was out of the country, and righilv or wrongly he is credited with having done a lot to se cure the resignation (and "virtual dis grace) of the rakish peer. But Jerry, though he can bo affable enough on occasion, is something of a boiled shirt martinet, and his reverence for "de rigger" clothing, red tape and constitutional precedent is rather against him," in a democratic country like this, i Dick Holmes was in Perth last we«ik, having placed his show at Weston's under offer for a tidy number of quid- lets. A Sydney paper asserts that Andy Fisher was the first. Labor member in Australia to wear a tall hat and o frock coat. Any' challengers-.? " The first' to obtain a scholarship at Trinity College, Dublin,, after women were admitted to the Ubrversity, was Miss Olive C. Purser. Shs has just been appointed temporary lecturer oa English history. ' ' The daughter of the Danish Prime Minister. Miss Amy Bernsteri, has just served three years apprenticeship as a joiner. She begun her studies in an institution, where she learned carving of various kinds. One of the fiVst pieces of work she finished (a small box) was purchased by .the Dowager. Empress of Russia. Over 40 years' service in the Navy is credited to Rear- Admiral Georg® E. Patev. who has been placed in chief . command of the Australian Fleet. Entering the Navy in 1872 he served under the late '. Governor Bedford ('" Bo'sun BillJ" 'to wit) as , a middy on the Shah during the engagement between that vessel and the Peruvian turret ship Huascar. He ,was also ' in the Zulu War (1879). Durin<r the Cre tan insurrection, he was commander of H.M. Bayfleur. The Rear- Admiral, baa. , ; commanded . 1 he Second Battle, Squad ron since 1910. . . N ' Sir Aemilius Irving, treasurer ot the Upper Canada Law Socifetv. is now in his ninetieth vear, and notwithstand ing his great age has been at the society's quarters' practically every . day since he was first elected in 1893. . Recently -he wished to resign, but was prevailed upon to retain liis position , as the society wanted the prestige of his illustrious name. Tom Lyons, one- time factotum ' for W. G. Brookman in. the davs of cham pagne arid cigars on the Rooming belt, has fallen- on his feet once more, hav- . irig floated the Co well'' silver . show at the hinterland of Franklin Harbor, South Oss. Melbourne boodle is on the job and Tom's sanguine phiz is becoming like &n;> autumn moon. Ben HoWe was in Perth last week. . but lay low on (he weather bow with regard to his volatilisation' process; Which seems to indicate that . his pinch of salt is all right, if only , he (San put it on . the tail of the fumes . bird. Ben's sinrerity .is not in doubt, and everyone hopes he will yet . suc ceed. From an Adelaide paper's report of . the Part Adelaide-East- Fyemantle foot- ; ball match : — The Governor (Sir Harry-Brown) the Premier (Hon. J. Scaddan), . and other public men were among the spectators. , Where did 'Arry get his "title ?,. . ireixotio is( pronounced, as near - . as we can get to it, as "Peashooter." Not a bad name for one who has to keep a band of youths in order, . either. - By the way, the resemblance noted, in these columns a few years ago be tween the Major and Sir "Walter James is still discernible. But the Calif or- nian has waxed somewhat sleeker since his last appearance on these shores j and the ex-Agent-General hasn't kept fleshly pace with him. Jack George, editor- proprietor of the " Murchison Tiines." which: hangs ita shingle out in the dry and thirsty village of . Cue, is an exception to mod. country editors. He would need to be cyanidecl before even a trace of a hob by could be detected in him. Has -great faith in 4Jie Murchison, Cue district particularly, but few people in/ those sun-blistered parts, share his optimism. Is supposed to be a wowser, tut does not wowse worth a flagon of sack . , Word lias been received in Perth that Harry Arthur, who achieved riot ous fame over the notorious Chaffinch. iu L lie lieiUb UJL U SC AVNUJ boom, has passed over the . Great Divide, where reefs and "squibs" : cease from troubling and the. weary are at rest. He had been over West looking after some mining investments but on reaching Largs -Bay was car ried ashore in a low condition. Some one — what about Randolph the Reck less ?— -will have ' to write the dramatic . story of the Chaffinch, which ended with the criminal prosecution of Messrs. -Dyason, Greenaway and Bon- wick,. who came out of the 'ordeal tii- umphantly. The Rev. George Jackson, an' adr vanced Methodist Minister, has suc cessfully survived a heresy-hunt. George's 1 offence against orthodoxy was principally that he expressed an honest doubt "that Genesis. was a . trustworthy account of, the ljegiiming3 of human life and civilisation, and that the Book of Jonah was a 'sober record of plain fact," George, in short, rejects the story of Adam and Eve, -and can't stomach tha circum stantial narrative (told in the third person.) of Mr. .Jonah, of Babylon, that he reposed -and had his nutri ment in the innards 'of a whale. But his triumphant retention of his job and its stipend, notwithstanding the efforts of the riyidlv orthodox to de stroy him, is significant of the change that is passing over the Methodist nomination. . Yon couldn't, formerly reject Adam and Jonah and call your self a Methody, REGINALD DICKERSON, rllie young Englishman,' who,, it is practncally a certainty, was one of Spargo's victims. - MR. ORAWCOFR, » In Charge of Immigration. Department 