Various Notes. ? w A thief or thieves smartly took down Mr. B. Bugden, licensee of theCoraki Hotel, for a case of whisky on St. Patrick's night. The guilty parties evidently knew the run of the place, for the case was taken out of the bar in the very ear ly morning, about I to 3 o'clocK, and no trace of it has been found since. Fortunately a £5 note and two watches in the till were left un touched, ..-.»?? ' : — o' — ' ? - : ' ?-.-. According to the 'lancet,' a married woman was recently opera ted ou at the Aberdeen Royal In firmary, when no fewer than 73 or dinary pins, 1 1 hair pins, and a small piece of steel were found in her intestines. The woman was ? unable to account for their presence there, the only possible explanation being that for' a considerable period she, during her sleep, had extracted a pin from her nightdress and swal lowed it. The patient was said to be recovering. The United States Government has ordered 5,00 rifles, of a new model, from the Colt Company, wifh the object of testing their ef ficiency as a service weapon. These remarkable rifles it is stated, are {capable of discharging 622 shots in a minute. They are a little heav . jer than the ordinary arms, and will enable a few men to. do the work of a company. The rapid discharge of bullets is. effected by means of automatic magazines, each contain ing 33 rounds. An extraordinary tragedy has oc curred at Kieff . A schoolboy named I-arinoff asked a schoolgirl' named Shokhin to marry him, but Colonel Glukhovtzeffj a friend of the girl, persuaded her to reject the proposal. Larinoff, believing that Glukhovit zeff was his rival in love, stabbed him to death in his house. He then proceeded to the girl's house, and fatally stabbed her. I,arinpff was then pursued by . the police, but he committed suicide in the street by shooting himself with a ' revolver. — o— The sanitary fee collector of one of the shires recently, in doing his monthly round, called upon a, cer tain old lady for the amount of the fees due. On being asked what his business might _bev the dea.r old lady was of course informed that he was collecting sanitary fees, What was the surprise of the collector .when he was informed with much emphasis that she would not sub scribe anything, and further that she did not intend to subscribe to anything more in the future. After some difficulty the collector succeed ed in making plain what his errand was, whereupon the amount was promptly paid. The Randwick poundkeeper, Mr. John Hill, died recently, and at the fest meeting of the local council the Mayor presented a minute stating that he had temporarily appointed the daughter of the late poundkeep er to the position, and asked the council to ratify the appointment for the time being. Alderman Gilderthorpe, in moving the adop tion of the recommendation, said that the late John Hill had been a very old man ; in, fact, he was 94 when he died ; and for many years Miss Hill had acted as pound keeper, and had carried out the duties to the entire satisfaction of the council. Alderman Boag sec onded the motion, which, was car ried, Mr. J. Martin, of Tevin, address-, ed the Ballina. I*abor league in support of his proposal for a bonus on butter similar to that paid to the sugar industry, in order that dairy pen be better enabled, to pay the increased wages demanded by the Rural Workers' Union. His pro posal was that the Government should, by a bonus, make good to. the dairymen the difference in price on the London market be tween Australian butter on. the one hand anil its Danish and Siberian competitors on the other. The cost of labor in Siberia and Denmark was below the Australian average. \i the Australian butter producer got a quarter of the bonus paid ? to the sugar- grower it should meet the case,. '\i:. .'.V.. ? . . ... - ??»?-. *JYe Godsi' ejaculates an ex-. change. ''Only one native-born Australian took part in the Federal capital celebrations — Mr. Bice, of South Australia. All the imposing personages at the ceremony were born outside Australia, ford Deri man, Andrew Fisher, King O' Malley, Billy Hughes, and Jimmy McGoweu, w,ere all born abroad, ^he horses of the visitors and the mounted regiments and the sheep grazing in the neighborhood, are about the only Australians who were concerned ; except the un-: named ? bloke of 'unprepossessing appearance* who insisted on being presented to. the- GovernorGen eral, and had his wish gratified One feels most thankful lor that bloket But for his -'presence the contingent might have forgotten the city was an Australian city at all.' Voij'T-wAn: tiu, To-nosaoj? 1 It's l*tUe colds that smv into tig colds — the big colds that end in coDiunipfipn and dentil, Dopt ^rail^ill to jporrow -to trcsitfeeHtUfecoUs,, tor «ue dose of tk jHieldm's New J?i#i-v*rvIorCongh»an4 Colas will bteak up a cold if taken atlte tegtofiqg, Qr Sheldon'* New Dipqofr «numMl«««da«M9''(«3iiOK remedy face 1/6 jjjaa/ Obts&tfMeft; Kirton^s *nd HUder'*, t-tftmo, -and Daw«ou'« Confirmation of the statement made by the Minister of Customs that since the moisture standard w as increased, cases of excessive water in butter for export have be come more numerous, seems to be given by a return published by the Customs Department. The return shows that 41 cases v?ere recently dealt with., and 24 of the complaints were on the ground of excessive moisture. Fines of from £l 10s to . j£8 10s was imposed. The majority of the cases were against firms, in N.S.W.' -???: '?''??''? ' A prisoner who has just complet ed a term in the Bathurst Gaol re turned to Sydney with a startling story concerning the young immi grant Alfred Smith, the masked burglar who was sentenced to life imprisonment last year.' Since his* removal to the Bathurst Gaol, Smith has given the - authorities a deal of trouble. Recently he en gineered a plan for his escape, and would have succeeded in regaining bis liberty but for the timely arrival of the warder. Smith almost cleared the walls before his absence from the cell was noticed, and it is stated that a very determined fight took place before he was re captured. ? For some time rjpast there'' has been an impression throughout New Zealand that, though the skull of the famous stallion Musket was in the possession of a Papakura resident, the skin of that celebrity had been destroyed by attacks of rodents. This does not prove to be the case, for quite recently Mr. R. S. Abra ham, a Manawatu sportsman, an nounced that Musket's skiu hangs in his hall at Falmerston North in a splendid state of preservation. It came into Mr, Abraham's hands through his brother-in-law, the late James Philson, who pur chased the skin when the Auckland Racing Club had not the sense to acquire it. — o — On the new North Coast line it is simply astonishing the amount of traffic there is crossing over it. Ever since the opening both the passenger and goods traffic has been more than expected (says the Dunijog 'Telegraph'), and last week it was phenomenal. A visit to the station any day this week and to see the travellers was an in teresting spectacle. There were persons travelling who had never been aboard a train, and their faces beamed with excitement, and as the train steams into the platform, a line of faces, some well aged and rough, others of more tender years protruded from the win dows ; but mostly all were those who bad never done a railway trip before. A rather serious situation has arisen in connection with the ad ministration of shire councils em ploying road-making plants in the Wagga district. These plants, worked by a traction engine, move about the country roads during the summer months. Recently plants owned by the Mitchell Shire were responsible for two outbreaks of bush, fires, which destroyed a quan tity of grass and fencing. Liability was admitted. The workmen state that the fires were caused by sparks froin the engine on J. M'Grath's property, and also John James' Eu nonyharennyha Estate. Councillors regard the situation as serious, be cause carelessness on the part of the road gang might involve the coun cils in heavy loss, which would re-, quire only a couple of claims each year to reduce the finances to the vanishing point. The courage displayed by four youths — the brothers Wax (2), Sweetman, and Speechley — during Sydney's recent violent storm, is worthy of mention. When the storm was at its height, Sweetman, who is only 17 years of age, swam across Cook's River, from, Wan stead, at a place where the river and Wooli Creek meet. . At the time a fierce wind was blowing, and the stream was running a bank er. Notwithstanding the fact that there was a great danger of losing his life, young' Sweetman plunged into the rushing waters, and after a hard fight, reached the Tempe side of the river safely. Then . he ,Se cured a boat, and with the assist-, ance of the other hoys succeeded in rescuing twenty-three persons w«Fno had been flooded out on Wanstead side of the stream. It is the inten tion of the residents to take steps to have the bravery of the hoys recog nised. The 'Bulletin,' remarking upon the flotation '-of the newly-formed Coastal Tugs Co. for the Northern River service, says that this trade is dependent upon tugs which are State subsidised to die extent of j£8000 a year. The tags also, of course, earn towage money. In re turn for this subsidy the Govern ment does pot get 6d directly or in-' directly. It seems that the timber people further south are dissatisfied With the service provided, and also can't see why the rich subsidy should go to outsiders Hence they have put up £10,000 to buy a few tugs which will cut for the Govern ment contracts Then the people already in the trade will control the tugs, pocket the subsidies, plus the towage, and have a still firmer grip on :he North Coast business It^js agoodinove^ and the wonder is that It was no* put in traiu long *gp. 'Still it is a greater wonder tbat the Government doesh't run its own tugs instead of heavily subsi 4(m|»S ftomtbody else's ? 7 I r 