GENERAL news » 's5S. — 1 « « ="Sa.5S3i rnoMh a. suicide b3 revolver. He had r5sMSinz hard, and left a note to 61 , VCr" which showed that he was hiS ;nted in bis studies. It stated: get to the top as you would \- and i can t be content to re- bottom. I believe I will happier now. Don't grieve over me." # P-nco campasnola, a woodcutter "Ted by the Karrawang Firewood erf warred from his camp, nea. ?" ,wan g on Wednesday afternoon, St in the bush. A constable a hlfcktracker went out on Wednes day and. followed tbe tracks untU Sat- L afternoon, when they found the ing man near Kunanalling, 30 from camp. Campagnola had fdered about TO miles, and when ft was practically naked and al- w unconscious. He was brought wt to Kaigoorlie, and is now little tbe worse for his terrible experience. The full benefits of the March rains " being shown in butter pro- ue . Tie supply of Victorian hut- \- T„e now an export surplus widen J r«,uire to be shipped to London. p.r flis reason it has been necessary to reduce prices to a level more in ac cordance with those prices obtainable for shipment The wholesale quota tion for superfine Western brands is now lid. per lb., the fall of a penny following a similar one last week. Exactly a year ago the wholesale price was'advanced Id., the price then being 1/3. There has also been a fall in Sydney, where the wholesale price is now l()3Sd. per lb. » The marriage of a young Danish nobleman with a waitress in a Massa chusetts restaurant is the big romance of tbe week which has all American society talking. The bride is Lena Hoy, a French-Canadian of Saskatche wan, and the bridegroom Hunt von iiOlSieiu Aamuuu, ouu % of Lord Frederick Emile von Holstein Hathibon, a noble of the Court of Den mark. Lena was working as a wait ress in a hotel at Wilthurn, Fall River, Massachusetts, and it was there that the young Dane met her. He came into the dining-room for food, but be fore he had finished eating his dinner he was asking for the love of the beau tiful young Canadian. The girl refus ed to take him seriously, but he came hack day after day asking her to snarry him. Still she refused, not be-' cause she failed to return his love, but because she thought 'his parents would not allow the match. Hunt then went off to Denmark and persuad ed his father to use his influence at Court to obtain a decree ennobling the girl. The father at last succeed ed, the decree was obtained, and the young man came back to America again to claim his willing bride. The marriage ceremony took place"quiet!y this week. . » The Sydney "Sun" has made re markable progress since being reor ganised and amalgamated with the old "Evening Star." When the present management took control the daily i circulation was 2-5.400 and of the Sun day issue 58,600 were printed. Vwu... figures have now been increased to. 62,957 for the evening editions, and the hundred thousand mark has been nwu (.UTS i3UUUCXjr JU««> average for March, signed by auditors, is given as 103,137. No other papsr in Australia has made such progress in recent years. Mr. Hugh R. Denison, who owned Poseidon when he won the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups, is the chairman of the "Sun" directorate. Much of the progress can be attribu ted to the modern methods adopted in providing the public with up-to-date news, the "Sun" having a specially equipped correspondent in London, Melbourne, Freemantle, Papua and other news centres, and also an elabor- . ate cable service. News published in the London "Times" is, by special ar rangement, reprinted in the "Sun" the 6ame day. Mr. Monty Grever, former- ly of the "Argns" is editor, and he has gathered around him other star writers previously with the Melbourne paper. The police connected with the Cen- tral Sydney Station have received a "Black Hand" letter, which came to band a few days ago. The writer was evidently some lunatic or practical joker, atfd the contents read: — "To the Officers, Sergeants, and Men of the Central Police Station, — You are all condemned to die in three months. If this appears in any of the papers you will die within three weeks. The Black Hand Society of Sydney has sworn it." Underneath the missive : were drawn two large hands, which were painted black, and a red heart with a dagger through it. » » ice American ponce are juei. av» iu- vestigating the mysterious disappear ance of twenty young girls. TJiey were all immigrants, and were on their way from New York to Chicago. At New castle, Pennsylvania, they got out of the train by which they were travel ling to have lunch, but the train pulled out before they had finished their meal and none of-toem-have been hearji of since. It is feared that the girls have fallen into the hands of men engaged in tbe white slave traffic. The Federal Parliament has bejn prorogued until the 23rd inst. The dissolution and writs are expected on the following day. The TtrntmSiiifr "hat nin hv-law has been introduced into Perth. In the first batch of cases fines of 1 /- were imposed. The second batch were fined 6/- each and the last lot of offenders' were fined 10/- each. » A sensation was caused last week at Luneville, a French town of some importance, in the province of Meur- the-et-Moselle, which is just across the German frontier. A German air-' ship was manoeuvring at a great height, when it suddenly -descended close to Luneville. A number of Ger man officers in uniform were on. board and they and the dirigible were im mediately surrounded (by French trriftne TVL _ n j>V«t+ AUU KXVlWjtliSS VJkJJlA 1UCU bU4b their ship had got beyond control, and the invasion of France was involun tary on their part The authorities, however, seized the airship and . itf occupants pending instructions from the War Office, hut it is expected that the Germans and their craft will be Permitted to return. The suffragettes are continuing their militant campaign in England. An/at-' tempt has been made to blow up the rgilway station, at Oxted, on the. Lou don-Brighton line. An empty train "s partly wrecked by explosives the North-Westerm railway. , .--W The possibility of tog Stte develop ing an extensive m.eajt trade with San Francisco, which has been -suggested by Mr. F. T. A. Fricke, the Victorian agent in America,, is. .endorsed by the chairman of the Water Commission, in - Mr. Mead's opinion, there are great opportunities for a trade in meat, fruit and other, products with America. During his last visit to the United States the representative of a firm" informed him that it was shipping £60,000 worth of meat a year to Hon>. lulu, and could take large quantities of meat and butter if it could be as sured of the continuous supply .which would enable it to fulfil its contracts. Victoria, Mr. Mead considers, cannot become an important factor in the trade until a direct steamer service is secured. He believes that such, a ser vice will be warranted "by the pros pects of the trade that is offering.. '» The Victorian applies by the Medic have arrived in good condition, but almost all the William pears were rotten. The largest importer is sell ing them only on condition that the sound are separated and the unsound, handed to the sanitary authorities. Good "sorts, were selling from 9/- to 11/-, and a few up to' 16/- per case.' ;. 7 Mushrooms are; veryAdeutiihl . titis.: y«u;-atMbrtlakAaiidsonte.ara'oftrfrT mhndouB size. A motor party (Messrs; Fiddes and CottreU) discovered a patch, one of which weighed -2141b., and was 29% inches in circumference. Several weighed l%Ib., and were 26 inches in circumference. The two dozen picked weighed 251b„ and were prime samples. » A man named Percy W. Stevenson has been fined £1 at West Maitland (N.S.W.) for having obtained sixpence by false pretences. A detective gave evidence that he attended the local show and paid sixpence for admit tance to a side show, which was de scribed as the wild man from Africa who fed on raw meat. He saw a man with a wig and false teeth which made his mouth protrude in a fero cious manner. » An Italian scientist reports that Lake Magadi, in East Africa, consists of pure soda. The surface of the lake, which covers an area of thirty square miles, is perfectly solid and dazzlingly white. With the completion of the railway line that is now. being bntit facilities will be provided that will enable the world to be supplied with soda. Dr. Tuttle, the famous New York alienist, declares that bachelors arc more likely to become insane than are benedicts. Sir John Cockburn, lecturing'before the members of the "Royal Sanitary Institute advocated a crusade against the wearing of veils by women. He claimed that the fearful grimaces that women were in the habit of making to keep their veils in position were a deterioration of the features. « The "Daily Mail's" offer of two prizes totalling £15,000 for successful hydroplane trips around the coast of Britain and across the Atlantic Ocean has evoked great enthusiasm in Eng land, on the Continent, and in Amer ica. It is confidently predicted that Jje performed oa one day oetweefi' sunrise and sunset within the. present year. » Terribly tragic is the story that comes from St. Louis (U.S.) of the , fate that has just overtaken a society leader in that city, Mrs. Geihart. Little more than a fortnight ago Mrs. Gerhart figured in the divorce court, when her husband secured a decree for the dissolution of their marriage. Fifteen days later all St. Louis was startled by the announcement that the city's well- known society leader had actually married a negro who had been in her service as a butler. The grave social offence she had commit ted was soon brought home to her. Her friends would have nothing to do with her, and she found herself com pletely banished from society. Real ising then the degradation to which she had been reduced by her ill-con sidered marriage, Mrs. Gerhart fled from her home. The negro promptly followed her, and finding that there was no escape from the man to whom she had tied herself the unhappy wo man ended her lite by taking a dose of poison. _ ' A Rheims newspaper startled its readers by announcing that a German airship, after cruising over the fort resses of Toulon and Verdun, had come down near the barracks in Rheims, having lost both propellers. ( Crowds of excited people rushed w the scene, and a large force of police and gendarmes also hurried there to disperse the mobs, but nothing was to be seen of any damaged airship be longing to our friend the enemy. Then everybody suddenly rememuereu it was the first of April, but the crowd took the joke badly, and all sorts of threats were' made of what would happen to the perpetrators. The authorities, it is said, intend to prose cute the proprietors of the paper for having published false netg likely to provoke a breach of the. peace, ' _ .. u . .. ,r - Most youiig Australians are familiar with Moncrieffe, Mr.- Phil "Wirth'e old favorite grey. For over two years Moncrieffe has been on the retired list enjoying an easy time, but in re sponse to requests from old friends Mr. Wirth determined to "play" him again. Last week in Sydney Mr. Wirth put the .old horse into the ring for ». Tiractice. when, much to his own- er's astonishment, he not only went through the performance perfectly, but reminded his rider of one or two omissions he had made. The hand kerchief trick, where the rider ties a handkerchief round the horse's fore- , leg and the animal had to untie an I intricate knot, was omitted by Mr. Wirth; but the old grey reminded him j of it at the proper time, and resolute- 1 ly refused to go on. with the. perform ance until it was included A chapter of accidents occurred this week at the Schumann Qircus in Ber lin. The fleet mishap occurred to a competitor who was riding around the hnmaflliclr ' and cutting Off aremir vu Turks heads" with a sword. horse savaged him, pulled him. from:, the saddle and dragged him rouud the ring several times, badly bruising 'him. Then a 'man whowaehangins from a rapidly revolving ring wu£ pended from the roof lost lite hold end fell to the ground, sustaining se vere internal damage. "The third Mm last mishap tos tte u?t»t of to® three: Two. Chlnese juggtors tml while sliding down a wtie rope by their pig-toita. Their jBcalps wcto torn from their -beads, .and Jheym-- rtsined agontotog - injuries/;, ti.W?1: Ex-Judge Casey, of the County Court- of Victoria,, died, on Saturday, aged 81. Hp. was born to County Clare in 1832,. came to Victoria, in 1S85, joined' the late Mr. Angus Maje- kay in the purchase of the "Bendjgp. . ' Advertiser/' and was. elected, member for Sandhurst in 1861. He. remained in Parliament until "lgSfl, and,, filled vtri?us Ministerial positions until ap pointed a judge in 1884. He was re garded as an independent politician and an able, judge » ». Dancing in the .dark is the latest fashionable diversion of the exclusive circles of Washington. The dancers carry red electric flash-lamps, which they turn on now and then, and the gaiety usually lasts till daylight, when a, breakfast of scrambled eggs and sausages is served. A sensational shooting incident oc curred at Whangarel (NtZ.), a boy named Fyfe being seriously wounded; Fyfe and his companions were on an excursion. Fyfe threw something at another boy, whereupon the latter cried, 'Til drill a hole through you," at the same time presenting , a pea- rifle. Fyfe hid behind a tree while others tried to take the rifle from his companion. :.&fe; then stepped .out, ;feSred.tost: jthetttoimdt "Will - &e;$s$jg Edwin Angustow''Sheehan is in/ Jens-" tody' in connection with tbe casei charged with attempted murder. » The yield of gold for March was 42,466oz. gross, or 39,547oz. fine, val ued at £167,983. Compared with the yield for March of last year there has been an increase of 485oz. fine. . The yield for the last three months was 110,880oz. gross, or 162,551oz. fine, val ued at £435,611. This shows a de crease of 6,495oz. fine compared with! the quantity won during the .corres ponding period of last year. ! Another case of lynch law has been reported from the State of Montana, U.S.A. A sheriff and his deputy at tempted J» arrest a negro for heating a woman, and he shot them both. A crowd gathered and riddled the negro with bullets, and after hanging the body to a pole tried to cremate it. For the first time in Victoria men were admitted to a ladies' swimming carnival on Saturday, when the Haw thorn Ladies' Club held their annual meeting. The opportunity was freely availed of, and there was a large at tendance of both sexes. Proceedings were conducted with the utmost de corum. Owing 'to its advanced ideas on the subject of allowing gentlemen to attend ladies' swimming meetings, the Hawthorn Ladies dub has had to withdraw from the Victorian Ladies' Amateur Swimming Association, and members affiliated vwith tbe -Ladies' Association were not allowed to com pete at the meeting on Saturday. The committee of the Hawthorn Ladies' Ctub, however, anticipate that after Saturday's "experience other ladies' ( clubs will combine with Hawthorn and gentlemen will be allowed to attend alirimeetings promoted by the ladies WUari, who won the V.R.C. Derby and St., Leger two years ago, was a winner "down the line" on Saturday. With 9 stone op her back, she was made, a 6 to 4 favorite for the Eppom squeeze home by a head fromHtytne- some. Three <toys before the last Caulfield Cup Wilari broke a hlopd vessel and her form has since oeen j very disappointing. She will now. be retired to the stud. An army officer in Warsaw, Lieu tenant Perlovski, who wanted to end his. life, hit upon a desperate plan for doing so. Taking an aeroplane, he started on a flight, soaring upwards until he had reached a height of 600 feet. He then deliberately shut off the engines and allowed the (machine to come crashing down to the earth. The daring fellow was killed Instant ly, his body being considerably knock ed about. " ' An explosion of ammonia occurred at the Bahia Blanca meat works (Soufh America) and caused damage to the value of £120,000. The loss of meat in the freezers is valued at £40,006. The export of mutton will continue, but the export of chilled beet will lit; IClUiivicuu; — I The suffragettes are continuing their depredations in England. At Ayr a racecourse grandstand was burnt down, an attemlpt was made to burn the grandstand at Kelso, and an unoccupied mansion in Hertfordshire was also destroyed. Two advocates of the cause have been sentenced to imprisonment for four and six months for other offences. » » » The two local newspapers at Orange (N.S.w!) Refused to publish reports of a political speech by Mr. T, Brown, a TL. AOfliliAfltA. unless reuenu yatuauiw wuww-i r he paid for them at a. moderate fee. The newspapers contend that a num ber of harrassing -restrictions have been Imposed on them by Parliament. The -candidate refused to pay for the reports and none were published. - "The number of cases of persons de frauding the railways has immpqKri large numbers during toe last few years. In 1910, 2094 travellers were detected;! in 1911, 2919; while tost year the number increased to 3q99. 1 During the first three months Of the I present year an enormous increase is shown, and if the same average ia kept up the year will close with a re cord of close on 6,00 cases. m » The Victorian track championship sports at the Melbourne Cricket ground on Saturday provided a series of ex citing events. The team to score the highest points was University. In the mile walk W. Murray was disqualified for unfair walking rac® toll, to E. m. L. Morgan. In the 880 yards championship R. H. Watson and B. Turnhnll fought it out to the finish, when "Watson leapt to the tape only I a foot ahead of his opponent The high jump was won by L. H. Kelly, who . cleared 5ft. 11 in. Einil Volght, the well-known distance champion, won the mile comfortably. The threemile walk was won' by W. Murray In -fine . - W. 4lA_il<. onnA -rrroa MJTltlirAfl etrip. »© lave vv- by L. H. Kelly in '51%sec., and J. L- Dayto won the long junte with a leap otsmi ' . - » A sh«oMng fatality occurred at the Midland Junction loco yards (Perth). An: employe named philpott was super - winding the remoyal of coal by a eteam ciune and scoop grip, when he stumbled on toe flump, and was tongfat t>7 toe grip pf toe scoop. attention. ahdWs hpdy lira aeim wusptoflefl to mM-air. hBUd dowuwartl. Death, however, waa ul- jtn&i; thstantrnteoaf. > j,- ' _ warns'" J .JH.SL!!— L. — g . Brilliant shooting., was (pile-, ut toe ' Port Melbourne range whmi a, . match was. contested by teams of six ty picked, marksmen from Noa; 19 and 21 Unions. No. 19 won with a score of $925 agaipt 2866 put up, by, Np, 21. The shooting' was at 300. yards, 500 yards and 600 yards, ! and. toe sixty ' competitors averaged 96.6 apiece, out of a possible 105. C. P. Nobeiius, toe Emerald Club crack, was in splendid form, and scored 103. He secured the possible at 300. and 500. yards,- and his first five shots, at 600. were bulls. His last two. shots, however, fell a. little wide, scoring- inners, and leaving him with only two points short of the pos sible at the three ranges. J- J. Ray mond, of. the Railways Club, was prac tising on the range, and at 600 yards placed 12 consecutive shots ou the bullseye, and out of five other shots scored four bulls and one three. Alto gether he totalled 83 out of a possible of 85. \- ' The "Commonwealth Gazette" is- probably but little read by those who reside near. Lake Gillear, in the "Wes tern District Last Saturday's issue, however, contains ah announcement of the greatest interest to toe resi dents .of that district A live shell . has, somehow or other, gone astray pn. 'through.' .notice, hi toe.vgazette tout ; handling toe shell wifi entail extreme danger, and any person finding it is \- required to notify at. once toe officer commanding th& 10 th battery, Austra lian Field 'Artillery, at Warrnambool Many new arrivals, confess to a diL ; Acuity in. getting toe hang of the great Australian. Slanguage. Apropos, a witness in a court case at Ballarat : recently .was asked whether he had "strapped" up" an account He looked puzzled and did. not reply, "I asked ; you, air," said toe solicitor, winking at the press table, "if you had strap ped up an account. Don't, yon under stand the colonial language?" "No, i don't," rejoined the witness, coldly- "Speak English, please." ' "Whereupon the court tittered, and Mrr Sheepskin. looked savage and went on with the case. Keen interest is bring evidenced in the semi-finals of the Victorian Cric ket Association. At the University Oval the students have commenced their match with Gollingwood, who were disposed of for 171, of which 39 was scored by E Pitcher. Hai𝕜 was best wito toe ball and captured four wickets. Park -and McGregor have commenced University 's innings. At South Melbourne toe local club had a day on the field, while Fitzroy scored 214. C. Dwyer topped the score with 67. Kiernan (35), McDon ald (34) and McKenzie (30) also bat ted well. » "S The Railway Picnic at Ballarat on Saturday attracted visitors from ail over the State, and.it is estimated that | about 7000 people visited toe city j during toe day. I A number of counterfeit florins bave been circulated at Warrnambool. The coins are of toe new Commonwealth design. A valuable discovery of iron ore has | been made near. Kimberley, South Africa. The Druids' Gala in aid of toe wo- men's and Homoeopathic Hospitals, is \- drawing to a close. Some of toe smaller raffles were drawn on Satur day, but the larger ones will be kept until this Saturday night, when they will be drawn at St. Patrick's Hall. At a coronial inquiry at Melbourne concerning the death of James McGiil, an elderly man, who had met with an accident, a doctor gave evidence that McGiil refused to have his leg ampu tated. The doctor was of opinion that If the leg had been amputated he would probably have lived. . The potato crop in the Ormond, Clarke's Hill, "Wallace, and MUlbrook districts is expected' to he one of toe best and most prolific for many years past Everywhere toe -crop is looking beautifully green, and, as yet, It has j not been affected by blight or frost. I This was not so in the earlier- crops 6uch as the New Zealand pink-eyed potatoes, which were slightly nipped m _x nu. n muiM te alcn lnnlHuf 4JJ 1CUDL X4U.O feiooo splendid since the recent rains, and consequently feed for dairy cows and , stock of all kinds will he good in toe coming winter. 