STATE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ' MINISTER: ATTACKED. -. SPEAKER INTERVENES. " AN EXCITING INCIDENT. The Legislative Assembly met yesterday at .3.30 p.m. The debate on the Address ,in Reply was resumed. Mr. Hannali, resuming his speech, said that the New Zealand Government had in the past year settled 2288 people on farms averaging 230 acres each. These figures showed that Victoria, where tiie Government had a free hand in the matter of. land settlement, must take a back scat. The prqsent tariff was not adequate to ensure work for the people. Despite the i establishment of the State ship building yards, equipped, it was claimed, for tin; construction of ships of up to 8000 tons, the Government had given an order for the construction of a dredge at Mort's Dock, Sydney, at a cost of £60,000, the (contract to be completed, in two years. Vet iron workers were out of work, and within a few weeks about a thousand more were to be discharged:- Mr.-Elmsiie: The other day 100 riveters \vere advertised for to go to New South Wales. ' Sir. Hannah: Why was the public kept in the dark concerning such matters as these? The ship building yards at WI1- liamstown were nothing but an apology for such an establishment. Arrangements had been made for New South Wales to tarry out the Victorian immigration policy, and possibly the .printing of the Victorian "Hansard" would soon be handed over to the neighboring State. The Government did not .possess the foresight, aptitude and. business ability that was necessary to retain Victorian work for Vic torian workers. The cruel suggestion bad been made that many men nosed as un employed , for something much like diver sion. The lack of employment was a great problem with which the Government bad signally failed to deal, but' on the other hand had. made worse by sending work elsewhere. Mr. J . Cameron: Is the ship building yard idle? Mr. Hannah: It was not capable of do ing what was claimed for it. He admitted some work was being done. Mr. J., Cameron: There is £100,000 worth bf.work in hand. Mr. Hannah: But the dredge being built an Sydney was not required for two years. , Mr. Elmslie: Sydney is building to the extent of millions of pounds, while Vic toria's record is in hundreds. Mr. J. Cameron: There is a dredge now on the stocks at .Williamstown to cost |£65,000. 'Mr. Hannah: About twenty-five years ago Melbourne was famous for the dredges that were then built on the hanks of the iYarraby private firms. Tile 'Minister of Mines: Why have those firms ceased building? Mr. Hannah: Eight or nine years ago the Government had started importing dredges and barges. That had affected the private firms. Prior to federation Victoria hud sup plied the other States, and to some extent India, Africa and elsewhere. Now Victoria Whs . turning to . the other States for her own requirements. While the Government was year after, year promising without re sult to introduce scaffolding legislation ac cidents were happening every .week. Appar ently the Government placed little value on iburaan life. 1 ' Mr. Tunnccliffe: Immigrants are cheap. 'Mr. Hannah: They should not let the session pass without nutting the hill through. He once threw down his tools because of the defective scaffold ing of the building on which lie was work ing;, a few days later a fellow workman fell some twciitj; feet from" this building and sustained injuries which incapacitated bim for several months, yet he did not receive one farthing of compensation. The Coal development of the State deserved serious consideration. The public should 'have the same . opportunity of purchasing coal from the State mine as those iviho pur- Chased slack in laige quantities. Mr. Bayles: Slack coal is no good for household purposes. - . Mr. Hannah:' What liad Mr. M'Brides successor done, after all lie had promised in' the direction of putting down coal bores so as to supply the requirements of the State.?' Whore were, his activities? Referring to tlie minimum wage 'of railway men, a promise had been given to a deputation that the Minister would pledge himself to a minimum _of 8/ per day.' But it had iiot been paid because the money was not available. Yet money was not so scarce when they could give a' bonus of £800 to Mr. Morrison, an officer already receiving £1000 a year; arid 'an increase of £250 a year to the judges of the State. The greatest reform the Gov ernment seemed to have initiated was, to cancel the contract for the winding, of docks in the departments. He wondered who would wind them up in future ? The Acting Premier: I wonder who winds you up. (Laughter.) ' Mr. Hannah: He could not understand the looseness which had allowed the intro duction of emall-pox into Melbourne. Why was Dr. Ham driven out of the Health department ? Some extraordinary state ments had been made by the Ministry in the recent Referendum campaign, and its mem bers should he called upon to prove them.. COMMENT BY THE SPEAKER RESENTED. Mr. Hannali proceeded to characterise such statements as were included. in the mani festo issued .by Mr. .Graham, as "lying, and slanderous.". .. . Mr. Bayles rose on a point of order. 'Was at permissible for Mr. Hannah ' to refer to the statements of a member as "lying and slanderous"? ' -The Speaker did not know whether Mr. Hannah was in order or not. He had been endeavoring to follow, but he had quite lost the thread of his argument, (in terruption.) Mr. Hannah: I did not catch what tlie Speaker said. What was that? . Members of the Opposition: The Speaker .had been listening/ hut could not make head or tail of the argument. Mr. Hannah (emphatically) : I think that is a direct insult. If I had heard it, 1 should -liavo resented it. The. Speaker: I am doing my duty to tlie best of my ability. ' Mr. Hannah: You have no right .to make such a statement as that. I won't fake it from you. (Disorder.)-. ..The Speaker: I considered that Hie lion, '.mwribcr was. getting a little lost in his argument, and ' that his excitement liad got' the better of liini. (Oil! Oh!) Mr. Hannah: I protest against that Mr. Elmslie: Surely with all due defer ence, Mr. Speaker, you are going quite be yond your duties in criticising and passing reflections upon ..an hon. member. We Would support you in ruling him out of order,' if he were out of order. I fail to see where it is your duty or right to criticise the statement of any lion, mem ber. That is how it appears to me. "" (Hear, hear.) I am extremely Borry to' say this of the Speaker. We have our rights to protect. If the member for Collingwood lias got ex- . cited and forgotten himself, the same can , he said of the Speaker. 1 am sorry to say this, very sorry indeed; but as leader of .the Opposition for the time being, I feel that 1 have to say it. the Acting Premier: I don't think the Speaker did anything unworthy of the Chair. The House has his explanation of . it, and I must admit that I was in the same position as the Speaker. The lion, member is sometimes a little involved in What he says. He is not alwaj-s clear, and he reflected on someone. , . The Speaker: Tho position is perfectly clear. The member for Tooralc asked me whether the membpr for Collingwood was " ;in order, and I said that 1 did not know, and. in explanation added, that I liad been unable to follow. Mr, Hannah: And with all due respect to tlie Chair, I must say that it is out side of .the duties as Speaker to reflect upon me. The Speaker: The hon. member must not reflect upon the Speaker in that manner unless he is going to move, a motion. Mr. Hannah: I must do it. (Sensation.) I have never reflected upon any member. I said that such statements wcrq lying re garding our party. I did not fasten it on anybody. In that manifesto, issued by a .member of the Ministry, there was de liberate misstatement. The Acting Premier: I think you mis understand. The Minister refers to tile party. 'Mr. Hannah:. He rcfere to an outside body. I am going to show that lie made deliberate misstatements. (DisGcrit.) The Acting Premier: He refers to the , party. Mr.- Hannah: He vcferred to aD outside ' mob. It was clear that he bad fallen in badly, and tb'at lie did not refer to the Government, but to an outside body. Those were the views of the Minister of Agricul ture, who had not been able to administer his own department, and yet was prepared to save Australia. Mr. Cameron: Is ho not rightt then? Mr. Hannah; No; .he was quite wrong. .Conld the Minister say what the Labor party had taken away and never paid com pensation for? (Opposition cheers.) The Minister of Agriculture: I am not going to discuss Federal matters on the floor of this House. Mr. Hannah: The Minister had discussed it outside. If he was a man he would be prepared to face the responsibility, lie (Mr. Graham) had advised the artisan to vote "No." What had lie ever done for the artisan? (Opposition applause.) Unless tlie present Government was put out there was' no going ahead for the country. He referred to a statement made by the Speaker, warning the electors against the prospcot of nationalisation if the Referen dum proposals were earricd. The Speaker declined to allow the refcr- cnce'to him as Speaker. He had made the statement exercising his rights as a mem ber of the State Parliament, and he had acted in tlie interests of the State. Mr. Hannah said that when statements were made, that could not be supported, he was entitled to take the opportunity of re futing them. Mr. Swinburne: We have had some very strong statements from your side. Mr. Hannali: He supposed they had had more misrepresentation to the square inch from the other side of the House during the last few years than ever before in the history of the State. He quoted a leaflet, which he said was countenanced and issued by tlie Liberal 'party during the late elec tion, On this leaflet this sentence appeared: —"My greatest objection towards Socialism is its brutal attitude towards . women. It has nothing to offer women except that they should be made breeding cows. This was g sample of the , thing issued- Sir. M'Leod: Was not that part of a re port on a book issued in England? Mr. Hannah: Exactly;, but it was issued by and through their office, and a British court would hold them responsible for hav ing issued it. Such electioneering litera ture was unjust, insidious, poisonous and indecent, and bordering on the criminally libellous. The present Government had lamentably failed in the administration of several departments. He concluded by making a plea for clean, effective legisla tion. COUNTRY INTERESTS. Mr. 'M'Laclilan said his chief complaint against the Government was that not enough attention was paid to the develop ment of the country. They had 26,000,000 acres in tho State,; only 5,000,000 of which was under cultivation, and out of a popu lation of 1,250,000, 45 per cent, was in Melbourne and its suburbs: Tlie legislation seemed to savor largely of city interests; take, for example, tho electrification and Greater Melbourne schemes. If the amount' of money to be spent on these schemes were expended in de veloping the country, it would pay in a permanent way. He thought the roads board should have been an inde pendent board; the Government was go ing in for altogether too many hoards. There was to-day something of- a slump in the land market; the number of applicants coming forward was not as large as the Government anticipated, because the condi tions did not appeal to them. Before efforts were made to bring in settlers from across the seas our own land conditions should be made more liberal so as to attract our own people. Instead of sending afbroad for unsuitable settlers, the Government should encourage agricultural laborers and rural workers to take up land. Unfortunately there was little skilled h-.'boi- in tlie country, for the reason that no organised attempt had been made in the past to train farm workers. It would be well to permit tlie occupation of land with payments suspended .for three years. The State would be safeguarded by the improvements, and the settler would have a better .opportunity of making his farm profitable. While tlie State was buy ing land away from the railways at 'high prices for closer settlement, there wore large areas of idle land fit for settlement right along the linos- in many parts, of the country, particularly in Gipteland. The Minister of Railways: Much of it is not fit for cultivation. Mr. M'LaeWan : A great deal . of so- called useless land had been made profit able by means of fruit growing and other methods of utilisation. There was always a rush of applicants whenever Crown land in a reasonably accessible situation was thrown open, and yet the . Minister of Lands had- stated recently that there was stiff 13,000,000 acres not in use. The Minister of Lands: Six million acres of that is in parts of the malice, which arc not approachable. Nearly 3,000,000 is held under grazing area lease, to termin ate when two - yearn' notice lias to be given. \- Mr. M'Lachlan: That system of grazing area leases was not a good one. The Minister of Lands: T am liavirig -pre pared a report on the system. Mr.' M'Laclilan: East Gippsland con tained 3,000,000 acres, only half of which was alienated. This' land was well suited for the growing of fruit, maize and other crop. If the Government would only take the trouble to ' ascertain what lands were awaiting occupation, .and 'make it availaihlc under more liberal conditions, there would ho fewer complaints concerning progress of closer settlement. There were about 700,000 dairy cows in the State, and tiie average annual ' production of milk was between 300 and 340 gallons. Tlie cows of Great Britain averaged 500 gallons, the American 450 gallons, and the Danish something like COO gallons. In Europe there were hundreds of herd-testing associations which did a groat deal to. improve the herds. The Agricultural department should encourage the formation . of similar associa tions. The pig industry, loo, needed encouragement. Instead of 300 000 there should bo 2,000,000 pigs in Victoria. .Tlie spread -of noxious weeds, such as St. John's Wort, was becoming a serious' mat- ,ter in some, districts, hut the law was not so effective 'here as in Franco, where, if a land owner failed to destroy thistles, men "were put on his property to do the work. The profits made on country railways be longed to the whole of the .people, and the profits made on metropolitan tramways should he 'Utilised in tlie same way. These tram lines should he part of the State- owned railway system. An able article, published in "Tlie Leader," had shown the profits realised by a 'fleet sugar grower, but others raised beet at a loss, and the State sugar factory at Maffra would never he a success until -more land was purchased by the Government. Mr. Menzics said -that expenditure on new railway lilies to the extent of £1,800,000 had been approved. The usual rate of construction was at the rate of about £500.000 a year so that it would take nearly four yeans to carry out the pro gramme already authorised. He trusted that the Government would not wait . to he wooed into the construction of railways into tlie Riverina, which, geographically, if not -territorially, belonged to Victoria, but would take on a pushful attitude. The Minister of Lands would do well to look into the conditions on which the disputed territory on the South Australian border was occupied. The land was held on ter minable licences, and the required im provements were not being carried out. Could not more permanence be given to these leases, pending the determination of the ownership of the territory? Mr. Mackey: The matter will be decided in a month or two. ' Air Menzics: The settlers were about to ask the Minister of Lands for more per manent occupation. The Minister of Lands: Wo cannot until the ownership is settled. Mr Mcnzies: Though the Opposition had denounced the present system oL immigra tion, no suggestion had been made for its improvement. It- -was necessary to the wellbeing of the State that immigration should be continued and prosecuted vigor- Mr.- Hannah: How would you provide work for them? , „ Mr Menzics: Immigration was not large' factor in unemployment. At the present rate of increase it would take fifty Years to add 50 per cent, to the popula tion of Victoria. During the decade 1901- 11 the metropolitan increase \;ras l00,00U, and that of the country only 14,000. J3ut the natural increase was greater m the country than in the city, ami il ,51? r statistics showed that at least. 4,000 the metropolitan increase was a .drift ofc country people into the city, There was, comparatively speaking, no lack of work in the country. He knew instances in which land had .been left idle simply he- cause farmers were unable to get bands. Consequently unemployment was confined to 'Melbourne. Even if tho whole of the immigrants stayed in. the city they would account for no more than one in ten of tlio increase. The obvious deduction was that the drift to the. city, and not immi gration. was responsible for the over stocking of the labor market. (Hear, hear.) To cope with it some means must he 'adopted to stop the drift. Victoria had a . very low .birth rate, a small .proportion of population between the ages of 20 and 45 and a high percentage of people over The debate was adjourned. ADJOURNMENT. On the motion, for adjournment, Mr. Cotter asked whether steps could not be taken to -stop tlie advertising of bogus jobs. The Acting Premier said he did not know whether the perpetrators of these cruel and sencsricew hoaxes could be punished under the present law. The newspapere might be compelled to take some responsibility. He would inquire into the law, and if it was ineffective to deal with such cases lie would see if a suliicierit law could not be provided. At 9.40 p.m. the House adjourned until 11 a.m. to-day. 