PERSONALITY IN LAWN TENNIS. (By A. E. CRAWI.EY In 'Fry's Magazine') Lawn tennis rosrmblcs boxitiR and fencing In bclDK an Intensely Individualistic same. The opponents arc. Incc lo la?* In a iS-foot r Ing: they wuleh each oihor like prUellshtor.*: beMov.i the. ball, thorc is r.l»',nys l^c (ace of the other man to rcekon with, acl with Rriumctu .jr wLn a H/shline smile. S'o wnnilcr. then, that persnnnlity counts for much, sometimes for morn thiin Btratocy and stroUes. ard that lawn tennis lias produced a pirles of perhonallties They come In whvm, and are Birlklnsly dlftcrcnt. Consider some world's ebmapions— Willie ncn?haw. Lawford. Krniot n^nsh.iw Wilfred I :irtdel-y. Tim. Ma hony. R. K. Doherty. A. \v. (!ore. H. I. Pohert-. Brookes. Wlldlnj;— each h.iB. sonic more, fomc less, that lndeHnahlo m.iRl.al assemblage ot qualities which we rail ren-onnllty. There 13 no limit lo its variations: even the brothers I ore subtly unlike. . , There was an element of n,ird Meel about Willie Rcnshaw; Krnrst ',i:- more plastic, lust as. his feature were lw sharply cut. But be tween Lawford aM Willie ttens-haw the rontrcst was extreme, both In play and in person. It was like a panther matrhed wiih a Hon, or a peregrine with a sea-r,1!:le. out the MgRer of the two was )be le.-.-. dancernus. thoush flereer n»ta|OBtn'wa'trh.1'ioherly and Smith. 'Brookes and rjoherty ? Oofc and Wlldlnq. Wlldinr and Barrett. UefiJels and Blsoo When Oore plays Wll-u'nK In the traire'fotirt. it Is not the play thaftells most or ihai affeeis us raoit. but Oore and Wlldlnc themcclvef. And. after all. a man's piny Is part of his personality Lawn tennis Ik curinuslv rich Iu these natunl aristocrats, who have only to exist In order tg dominate the ruck Perhaps ihc scope It Klves ! to enersy, Lourilnl with nrlginality, attrf.i',3 I characters which are both typical and individual. I That is to say, thev arc aoove the average I without r.e!ns Abnormal: they arc superior wlth ; cut hclnc t'cccflirlc It is fimenmeK said that I distinction in anv pursuit Is Kenerally accom j panled by a certain distortion of tare or head. Those who say so are the kind of people who 1 re/tard genius as a lorn i-f Insanity, and color less medlm-rliy as ihc divine lma;e. Flul eve-a ', chess players and .ihl!-ifnpher» are a.i a rule pood specimens nf the rni-e: athletes In any xino sflll mnrc so. Certainly ther,. are one or two curious facU. irohably , olr.cldences. a rerent photograph of acme els'ot or rlnc lending Amerl, .in lady lawn tennis pl.-i.vcrs *ho*-s them nil tn he rliiitlnctly fhort In Mature. Even Mis: May Sutton la one [ o* the tallest of the company. f:an it be th»t the m.ore compact type o: woman Is stronger I rnd quicker -. Hm our Enslish lady players are ' costly tall enough. It may:iafrly he laid down that whatever b» ll» outward appearance, pe.-;n;ial:ty U nev -r grotesque. Hiz:irr-.-. perhaps, str.inu. or exo'.k | f. may be In rare cases, but I; it neither com mon-place nor distorted. Ofu » there Is nothing I rtr'.klng to Identity li. and yet Its po:se«sor will |uttt«ct every eye in a room or round a lawn tennis court. Apaln. there are plenty of cases where Physique or feature Is an index of It. '.V. Renshjw, H. L. Dohcrty. O. \V. Hillyarrl. X. E. DrAokcs, are all cases of r.-markaMc physical arpear^tice. handuonie and ftnklns. but In th ro oat illvcri-c ways. In (?very i-aec'rfr have to deal with a system mdlafins nervous force .of an un. ommon kind. Tl.eso nun arc somcthlili; -, that Is why thi^ ci.n do things. Each is intensely himself' Th-'', r.-.eans cunci ntrat:on. hut not nr'cessarliv'detcr nlnatlon. When you first see Brookes, 'his face n veals wonderful con, -entrntlon of purpose and tn occasion it Is srimly deic.-mlned. But ,,n equally Breai player. Pym. showed neither nuall-y in his pleasant looks or his uncomrfrned if no slouching, movements. Vet thev -.vere' there' Slonr a lam. tennis pcrjfmality. iSain. mav ac tuully bu almost innocent of determination': in stead, he may posrets the concentration ot an nrtlFt alone. In ,,n probability, this Is a ion laoi. type. It woul.i be invldlou- to ,-itc ev an-ples. but this quality is bv no moani inferior fh ?n.Jl S, '' ln' Thlnkl'' l«s of wlnnlnj than of the pleasure It takes in the exer.-He „- 1 fi.ecr skill it I, somewhat trvin^to a ,wrtnor' Feihaps the you,,* French champion V H -;o l.ert. may be described as of this tin''- h?' l-irtncr. Max Decusis, has deierraina't on' a, I foteslglju The two ,yp,s ,„ .omblnat Ion arc naturally most formidable. The majority Of backers I sunnose -irn in fluenced by the genera, look of a competitor' ?e Z ' bi' h'B r''lOr-i' ^'ta'nl™ i ' the' supremely lntere5tlnK to see Brookes' flr=t -a-nc '' ,E'K la''v fV''' by a great reputation, as yet only Colonial, but which was car-n- arked by Improve n.mors a, bound ?o w\n In ar.y company, he aiipeared nt Queen's with a dilapi dated ol,l racket, whose- Mrinss were In i parlous state. v,.t ,|u. look of tho man w,'-. c-noush to draw th,. biw-lcers. sreat as Doher-.y was himself. l.urr, at Wimbledon he Jut failed to win the cbaniplon.-.hln. \ .series of xriiellinK matches exhausted even nia n-s«rv(- of force, and. significantly enough. It was f-om this time that the ngitatlnn In favor of rhc ihanipicn pj.-ij-jnc throu?!i beffiin (o be definite A curious point mi=h; be mr.de out of ihe posflbility that these ieverc nMt'-hrs owc-i their severity in no small measure lo the p«r sonality of their wlnnrr. LooicfiiR as if H,. were born to win. he. ;n f3,i. inspired his opponents, wbo thus nave hln: of their hc^t it was the old story of a fooman worlhv o: one'i steel. Personality alro can make others Imilate it. ?In all games this has hnd an extraordinary Idfluence. The great players unconsclou.'lr teach others not merely to play, but to pl'.j like thcraoelves. So during the Renshaw epoch. players modelled themselves on the Renshiws in the Doherty epoch on the Dohertrs. As far as style of play Is concerned In this country these so far are the only epochs. The next one. we hope, will soon materialise. The cosmopolitan character of the frame adds a further Interest to the 3tudy ot personality the Interest ot race. It Is ?-. fact that the greut majority of British 3oldiers and sailors I are of that falr-ha:r»d and blue-eyed typ: which b cbjracterhtlc o! tSs r.crthcrn Teutons and the Scandinavians, it mi [rom these sister racer, tni-.t lirltaln ottalnv-l her dominani pcoplin- of Ansies. Jutes, ^7?.xons, Dales, and I Norir.ins. Delnkcr ccniblnes the various I bran. lies into ene tree, the Nor,;ii- rate. It 1j Intercrtlnj; to note little traits ilnd sometimes compete types In-ouf- hoaie-brcM, wonderfully mixed .is it is. There was tomethlns of the Dane, but more of tile Anglo-Saxon, about the Rrnshaws. Their type is often found in the Scottish Lowlands. Mahony represented one. Parkc represents another of two well-known Irish lypea. Mr. Dernard Shaw has argued that there Is no Irf.-h race., that Irish peculiarities are due entirely to ihc misty, humid air o! Erin. Drt it comes io toe same thins, and blood Is thicker than water. The Dohertys, too, show tlieir frith dcFCent. You could hardly discover anywhere a n-.ore characteristic Anslo-Saxon than C. P. Dlxon. Light hair, blue eyes, tall and 3tcut frame, and face somewhat broader than In (He later immigrants, he is a fine study for the anthropologist. His name happens i-lso to coincide prcilsely with his blood. Another Anslo-S-:xon, probably, is Gore. The Baddelcys, short, dnrk and long-headed, reminded one of I that ancient British ivpc surviving in Cornwall, identical with the Mediterranean race, arid goins back lo Ihi- Stone Age. The reader should hear ln mind that names arc no test of race. The I siifllx 'ley' la Danish. . Two recent' visitors. Mr. Larson and Miss Cnt senscr-ro!d.,arc pure Scandinavians, both in na- I tiun -lily and In race. Straight brows, oval I face, lens head, straight and r.arraw nose, are elements ot this type, as important as the fair hair and blue or'Rrey eyes'. Infusion of Celt!': blood Is one. reason whyjp England and France It tins oft'n developed dark eyes and hair. With this disqualification Mr. G. \Y. Killya.-d would be a splendid rprclme'n of tho Kerala n type: Mr. I!.:iyard probably is of Daaljh descent. The original M.irmaas. by the way. were chiefly .Vor-=--. hut larsrly Danish. ? .Mr. CbzoIcI. 1 should KUCBS, is a rcmarkobly pure ancient Nor man. Uoth Wlldln; an-J B^als Wright, ihe Ame r'U-un. huvc .'jcanfiinaviaii elemcnls in their faces. Rltchii-. cu.-Ioufly enough, lias the look of a Lapp, hut those cuvlenlly. mixed with the Northern r'acef, and bclDiiK to the Scandinavians Doth Caridia .and Mavrogordato arc of the modern Creek lype In fai-c. Then we have as visitors, the Sikh ot India, in the pureon of the Sirdar Nihal Singh; Chinese, in Mr. Tau: not to mention such Europeans as the many Fren, h. German and Belgian players we knew so well. The Italian Count de Mar lino played last year at Wimbledcn, which has also .seen Austrian* an.] Dutch. There is indeed plenty of ethnology about lawn tennis. As lor the neutral characters Eoln* with racial traits or types, that Is a large nnd little explored subject. .'RKSKNT.VT1ON TO; MR. L. M. HOWELL. At the conclusion 'of the match, City v. Coun liy. on Thursday.. Slr.Vh. Stephen, on behalf ol Ihc Country players', presented Mr. Lee M. Hoivrll with a travcllin'?. ba^ and equipment, l-.ric. 5 tennis ra'Jk-.'t, to show their appreciation o- his great and ru^cctsful elforts on their be b^lt. ? . ? _^___ 