general notes. Events of the Day. Women an«l Their Work. V omen In Denmark. ine modern woman, as Denmark knows her to-day, dates back but 50 years In the history of the na tion. 'Before that time/ says inorn Daugaard, a woman leader of "Mennnsen, 'all Danish women sat behind tho panes with downcast eyes/ nmco that time progress has been steady. First came MathUde Flblger plead ing for tho mental enfranchisement of nonten. Sho was the first woman to be employed na an officer In the State Telegraph Company, and her views and achievements made her the target ofi relentless opposition. Then came Paulino worm, pleading for women's economi cal freedom. "»oth virtually gave their lives to their caus.es. Then decade by decade tho sen timents of the country, changed, as woman after woman showed that she had a new ideal of life, until In 1908 Danish women were given full muni cipal suffrage. In the interim legislation had boon coerced in woman's favor. The married woman's earnings and pro perty were 'secured to her by law. Tho word "obey ' was eliminated from the marriage ritual. Professionally and economically women mule their way up. There came to be women doctors, lawyers, dentists. Journalists and authors In the State of Denmark. Women got Into State posi tions. Telegraph offices and post offices ceased to make any distinction between men and women clerks. ' To-day the railroad and. Custom House employ women. So do private savings banks, and woman has her place in the offices of bcth ministry and municipality. According to Thorn Daugaard's figures, there are 34,000 Danish women farmers and 24,000 Danish "business women," — employed In home work, that Is, in gainful occupations In the home. Six thousand women are pro prietors of factories, there are 4000 forewomen and 40,000 "hands." Fifteen hundred women teachers rule over mixed schools and schools for hoys, and there are 70,000 ivomen workers In the arts uud trades. Tho Girl Immigrant. The following letter was recently re ceived by Mrs Bingham, of the- intelli gence" Bureau:— Dear Mrs Bingham, You will' do doubt be pleased to bear from one of the 'Tort Mncquarle" "Red Oadgo Girls." I am phased to. tell you that I am very comfortable in my situation, with a very con siderate jointress, and the duties arc not heavy. l ain very glad I ceme out here, and fe-sl it In- a grand country for any young woman to come to, who want to get on and Is not afraid of work. I feci It has to bc glvo an.l take. 1 try to give Mrs W— my best and she shown- me every -consideration and given ine many little privileges, which I appreciate. I am also very much better in licnlth- than nt home. ' 1 am grntcru! to the Victorian Government for mnklng It powdblc for us in come out here and nil the kindness shown us. both nt the Hostel ot Tilbury and again at this end.— Yours faithfully, £.11. Tho rod budge girls were the domestic workers, who wore scarlet favors to distinguish them from the industrial 'workers brought out by Miss Cuthbert- son. The Port Mncquarle was tho boat hi which the girls enmo to, Australia. It is refreshing to hear of somebody who Is viewing, .'tho Valuation with optimistic ' contentment/. It looks as If this "Jtcd Badge", girl was going to make good in tke .lnnd of her adoption. Kitchen Chemistry. Mr S. Harvey, analyst. Public Health Office, will give a practical talk on "Chemistry .k the Kitchen" under the auspices of tho -Australian Institute of Domestic, .Economy nt. the Athenceum Hall to-morrow, at' fi p.m. Chemistry In- tho -kitchen has be come a. necessity to thoso' women who wlslirlto' \keep abreast lot' the times, and many cooking hints, or the scien tific reason why certain things should bo 'done, arc' Included' In the lecture, whlcli .'wtll '"'tie' of real -practical value. Spinsters Indispensable. - Miss K. 'Cornell will. repeat her lec ture, "Spinsters Indispensable," at the Austral Salon on. Wednesday evening. Home for Dogs. V' Tho Dost -Dogs' Homo Is now In full working oijder.- Tho practical work of the society did not commence . with." the opening of the home, ' for prior to Feb- runry 28G dogs Kad been takon oft the streets, and either, placed In good homes- or mercifully de stroyed Slnco the opening of the home, up to' ..Tune 30, 377 dogs have been, received, so that no fowor than 662 animals 'have already been saved, by tho' operations of the society, from pofslblo. 'starvation and ill-usage. The committee, desires -It to bo under stood that the .title chosen for the home, "Temporary, Home for Lost and Starv ing Dogs," clearly Indicates that they nlm at relieving present distress only, and that tho main object is to find good homes outside for such of the waifs and strays are are healthy and otherwise suitable, and to end tho sufferings of tho disease' and maimed by tho mer ciful oblivion of the lethal chamber. The committee hopes to derive some benefit from the boarders' ken nels now being built. To . this scheme Misses Moors have rendered valuable assistance. People going away from home can, for a small consideration, Place their canlno pets in chorgo of the home. Among the dogs at present for salo there aro poodles, collies, Irish and Gordon setters, Toy Terriers, and several good watch-dogs. The Brunswick and Prahran councils now send dogs seized in the streets and not sold by nuctlon to tho home. The committee hopes that persons finding dogs will take them to the home, and also desires that persons losing dogs will go to the home to see If they aro there. The constantly recurring outlay for wngo.i, and food for the dogs, can only bo met by an assured income from regu lar subscriptions. Tho resources of the society do not permit of the employ ment of paid collectors, and the com mittee asks nil who sympathise with tills movement to allow their names to be placed on the list of annua! subscrib ers, nnd also to do what lies in their power to bring tho claims of the home under the notice of their friends. Subscriptions or donations sent to the honorary treasurer, 53 Elizabeth street, will bo promptly acknowledged. The home Is situated In Lnngford street, North Melbourne, and Is open to tho general public from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on week days, and 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. on Sundays. : National Council, , The monthly meeting of theN/itionaI Council of Women will he held acvthc Austral Salon on Thursday. Dr. j. AV. Barrett will speak on "Town Planning and Garden Cities." Wnrrawce Club. Members of the Warrawce Club, who assembled at the rooms yesterday after noon, to meet Madame Genee-Isltt, were sadly disappointed, for, owing to indisposition, the dainty little dancer was unable to be present at the At Home arranged In her honor. Among those who made their first visit to the club were Mrs Hodges, Mrs G. M. Kirk- putrick, Mrs Harry Kmmerton, and Mrs Jack Stuughton. Mrs D. V. Honnessy, the Lady Mayoress, was also present. Miss Lizzie Newbold gave two or three little French songs. Miss North Barrett and Mr Collier also assisted, and Miss Nellie Hohson, dressed In a black velvet robe of the Elizabethan era, charmed her listeners with a rendering of "Not Understood." Electric Cooker' ' One step' towards the electric Ideal of'the housekeeper has been achieved with the introduction of convenient nnd clever apparatus In the wny of cooking utensils. The next step is Just what might have been expected, the recipe guide for tho woman who cooks by electricity having appeared on the scene. It Is a practical' little volume. Tho recipes are simple, nnd the -hints and notes on electric cook ing should also prove helpful to the novice. "Simple Electric. 'Cookery" Is com piled by May Little, nnd published by Jarrold and Sons, London, nt 1/. Woman Artist. Great Interest Is being taken In Mrs IS.. P. Fox's exhibition of pictures at th'o Guild' Halt, for the studies It con tains of post-impressionism, of which we have not seen much in Australia. "Women Washing Clothes in the Desert" is one of these. More conven tional are the crowds In tho gardens and the Luxembourg. The artists' por traits of figures painted in an niry room, with casement windows and gar den views, show careful skill and power of design. Mrs Fox's work Is among the best yet shown in Melbourne. The exhibition at the Guild Hall,. Swanston street, Is open till Saturday. Collection of Miniatures, Mrs Beryl Ireland Ik holding nn In teresting exhibition at the Ccntrcwny. Her miniature of Gerard, eldest son of Sir John Fuller, is a beautiful study of tho flaxen-hnlrcd, bluc-oycd hoy, with the roslncso and soft contour of childhood. In striking contrast Is tho forceful head of Mr ,T. G. Gavin, wearing a Roman toga, and classic in feature and pose. There is Madame Genoe, fair-haired and hlue-cycd, the face in rcsposc, but Individual with character, nnd against the fairness a telling touch of black in tho ermine covering her shoulders. A well-known pretty girl. Miss S. Madden, has a thoughtful expression, whilo the wav ing auburn hair frames the rose petal skin of a fine fnce. A portrait of n dark girl with clear coloring and a pair of. large soft eyes Is Miss Doleen Robb's. In Miss Dorothy Hoycs tho artist has nn exceptionally fino model, and lino done portraits In profile nnd full fuco. Among the other minia tures are those of llttlo Jules Garri son, Mr Clarence Weber, the late It. P. Ireland, Q.C.. Miss Olive Murphv, Miss Edith Murphy, Major Skclton, and Commander F. Ticket!. Miss Mary Worth's portrait is In large miniature size, nnd quaintly fascinat ing. Mr Wykchnm, of the "Within tho Law" Company, also sat, so that the stage is well represented. Jn ad dition to the miniatures. Mrs Ireland Js exhibiting ninny sketches of heads and of% landscapes. 