NEWS OF' T'~E DAY.1 'rThe Victorlan' Immigratlon Department oays that during next'month the now ar rivals will exceed 3000. ''hie dead body' of a shark 10 feet long was fourid in -a spoL.'popular with soirt bather .not tar fron . -cent (S.A.i There are just Abohl, t~vice as many pcraons engaged in 'agrIlcultural pursuits in Australia as in:the pastoral Industry. The State Full Court will deliver 'Its re served judgment In what: Is known as the Government Hoose cnse on Saturday next. A wages board han been appointed to deal with the claims of-the surveyors' cm ployecos. 'The union' had a membership ol aboutt 2?50. The 'Rev. Geoige" Clarke, one of the founders and a former chancellor of the Unlvcrsitv 'of Tasmania, 'dlied this week, uged 90 years. A special agent of the Victorian Govern moent is at present "in Denmark en deavouring to Induce 'Danish farm workers to emigrate to Victoria. Mr. Hlenry Trcnchard, nrspector o" Police, of Parramnntta, has been appoint ed acting superlintendent for the southern district, with hlandqifarters nt'Denllquin. All classes of fish have been dear this week, owing to the rough weather which' prevalled on the conast for a few days. Even the oncedespised leatherJackot sold In Sydney up to 20s a box. A committee of the Victorian Cabinet is eneagcd in the inspection of some of the rcitemes launched by the' Closer Settle ment Board, and some. of them have been fountd to be hopeless failures. Commtander Thring, who has been 'ap pointed assistant to the Naval Board, has arrived in Melbourne, Ho declares that the ncton of the Dominions In naval matters has had a marked effect on the Continent. The Sydney City Countill has decided t.o erect a lirge coffee' palce at the corner: of Sussex and Hay stredts. 'rhe land, is part of that resumed In connection -with thie city Improvement schemes, and thebo building will cost over £20,000. The area .under' wheut'in the Common wealth has increased-from'in ,515,00 acrc0 to 7,478,000 acreslslnce federation. Thu area tunder all' crops 'i'the Commot wealth during 'the o?samb pnriod -has in creased by rather over 50 per cent. During the last soven" anonths of lasot year the number of' immigrants that at'r rived In Canada was 100,841, of which one-third came from.the' United .Staten. As far ar population Is concerned, Canada is leaving the Commonwealth far behind. An cstlmate of the number'of live atoclk in the State atthetchd':of 1912- shows a bt-avy all-round decreasoe.amountlng In she-p to almost 6,000,000:'.T~here is also a decrease of ovdir aquarter of a million It ctttle, and nearly 11,000 In horseso. A mass meetlng of' unlonists is en be held In Broken Hill on'Sunday to eon EldCr the action of the State Govern ment during the recent gas strike in Sydnoey. The State' representatives of thc. BDprrier colnstituencles have been ask ad to attend. The New South Wales Methodist Con ferenco discussed the question of atqualisa lang 'European and native innlsters in Fiji in administrative matters. It decided that native ministers' shouldbe hocluded from consideration of the work or charac ter of European ministers. Mr. F. H. Molosworth, the newly-np pointed orgaulslng secretary to the Church of England Men's 'Sodlety in New South Wales, is due to arrive in Sydney on Thursday by the R.MLS. Osterley. Me, Moleswortlh is returninghfiom a compre hensive tour of lnglalnd,vnid theo Con tinent. ... ..7 - As Frank Fox, cenployce:. of a baking firm, was cutting wood:with.,another em ployee, at Goulburn, .the head of the axe used by the latter flow 'off. The blade penetrated Fox's skull, exponing the outer surface of the brain. Fox was operated.upon at the hospital, ajid is do og well. ,' .. ... inThc action ltaen by the nval authori ties when diphtheria .was discovered among the boyns L.oo.'thilit'Co'imonWealth training ship Tinglra" '""few weeks ago, was completely osuccessful, and no more cases have occurred: The ship has now been omcially declareid to be free from the disease. Capitalists interested in the oil fielde of New Zealand are spending a lot of money in prospecting and development work, but the results.have not been as good as were predicted. The occurrence of mnineral oil over a very, largo area has been proved, but no property is working on a business basis. A new departure in connection with the wheat trade of Sydney was the ar rival of the Japanese steamor Shtnsel Maru-a vessel of 41.4 tons, to load a lull cargo of wheat for Japan.' The yes sel came from Japan ira. Noumlea, pick ing up at 'tho French port 13 Japanese passengers for the East. The Defence Depaitment recently re sumed the Bulli Rifle Range, which' was the proipefty of the trustdes of the lato George Adams. The trustees have put-in-a claim of £10,647 12s. and: ttho..Cornmon wealth Government has replbdl'with an offer of £700., which represeitis the omcial valuation of the land. ' . : :' A witness giving evldeneibefore the Empire Commission In Now:Zcaland said that when girl immigrants., arrived in the Dominion they kept clear oatGovernmont immigration seocers because. :to be known as an assisted Immlgrant.; ris to lose a .certain amount of social status. Another witness said that most of, the- domestic servants who immigrated fromGroat Bri tain to Now Zealand found emp~obyment in hotels and restaurants. Alderman Cocks, the Lord :Mayor of Sydney, in referring to the city finances, said that when Sir Allen Taylor .w?s Lord Mayor, the council passed a ma li9n setting out that workmen who had boets employed by the council continu ously for a period of 20.years should have six months' leave of absence on full pay. Last year the effect was .felt, when 20 or 30 men were. away, and the cost of maklting allowances for that work ran, to the amount of £5000. The Australian Workors'"Unioh con ference at. ,Ieekatharra (W.A.), disus sod warmly the question of Labour members holding paid positloni'.autside Parliament. This was apropos of Mr. Holman, member for Cue, who,l in addi tion to his Parliamentary pay of £300 a year, is Chairman of Com'nmittees and secretary of the Timber Workers" Union. On a ballot it was decided that it.was in advisable for Parliamentary members to hold paid positions outside. The Sydney branch of the Aungtralaslan Socialist party, and the Industrial Work erc of the World, have recently been carrying on what Is described aIs a "froe opeech" campaign in Bathurst-street, and at Wollongong. As a result, members of these bodies have been Imprisoned, and a ,number of summonasE have bccn is etIed against otherst.i hias bh~ou decided by the I.VW.\\. to secure the best counsel available for at least one of the forth conming cascl, which will be made a test. et;l the legality of the charge.' : Mr. Griffith, the State .Mitister for Works. informed the Wavorley Council th?t if thile Police Offences Act does not rlipower the suppression of the practice of'persons walktlng alog thile strets and espalnado at Bondi Beach 'clad in bans 'lug costume only, an amendment of thle law would pierlaps have thie desired effect. The Mayor (Alderman Lamrock) pointed out that a new ordinance would' be re-. qulired, and he suggested that the town eleril should be asked to draft an amend ip nt covering the nuisance complained of,,and sulbmit the sane to the next mest i1g' of thie hatha and parks committoee, The suggestion was agre~d to. ';''iia crlminal sessions of 'the Supreme Conrt of tile Northern Territory 'opned at Darwin, befts MIr. Jusotica Boyan' and 'a'lury, when two blacks wdre 'charged. with t a murder of one or two CliCnese nt ITo'vley. The evidence was strong ageainst .'h accused, and vital evidence wasgivpna :bl'thel' lubsta of one of the accused.' Artu 'Iment arose ans to whether the' evildnce of ta Iubra aghlnst ier husband was ad minsible or prlvileged, as in hte' cedo of' at legal wife, and Judge Davan ruled that 0 lubra did not stand in tlie same postl tlon.as the legal wife.' 'In support, d this arguimenti, MIr. Nlcholas Holtze. astl Mr. Alexiander M'Feat, two old Norlthern Ter rltory residento, gave oridenco that poly gamy existed among lte tribes. The Jury found one of the accused. Koppio, guilty of murder, and failed to agree as to the second. Sentence of death was passed on Kopplo. and the second wrao reoanded. ' The stuamer Port lincoln, which arrived at Melbourne from England on Tuesdayn:, made a faYst passage after leaving Cape= towi nd a result of her line TceanS Ing one. of the female puassengers I cn titled to oblanl the maternity allowance 'Jilat arn the vessel godt withln the teril torial watoer limit of three miles fron. thee shaore 'habyboy wa born. The baby ran1os usnir Aostralln o-born, and' the onlothel eun claim the bounty. To iean. 31, the Defenc Department had .cvamlucd 12,282 Junior cadets, and..41,302. or 17.6 pc'i- cent., were pronounced medl cally ft.·iFor January the following nuom ber of prosecutloos were undertaken in 'the Comononvealth:--Neglect to register, e; .failure to attend medical examinatIon. ;17; evasIon" of personal service, 127; 'absence from compulsory traliing drills?, 171; dcllipllnary and other 'offences, 35; total, 41.1. Tl'ere were 280 convctlons. In 20u cases tIh orders of the Court were comlpllcdv:lth, and In 73 cases they were not compnlied with. A man.named Kelsey was 'driving a buggy and pair wmith one passenager, a Mr. M'Namara, of Benalla (Vlc.), along a roaud from the Government chalet in the mounntains to Bright, when one of the horses shied at a big boulder, and caused the vehicle to go off the road and over the bank of a deep gulch. Kelscy and t'Namra lumped out lJust as the horses atnd buggy went over the side, cns they escaped unhurt. The buggy and horses turned over several 'times, but eventu ally their downwatrd courbse was stopped by some 'big logs. Had the horses and ?uggy gone over 'the logs they would have dropped Into a gorge Over i100n t deep. The horses and, vehicle were some what damaged, one of the animals receiv ing verysevmere cuts. Tile new species of edlble flsh caught' during the last cruise of the Federal trawler :Edeavour are. according to MIr. Dannel-g, something like teraglin, which ,Is found on tile New'South DW~tle coast. MIr. Dannevlg thinks that the whole 13 new varieties are deep-water fish. Some that were:cooked proved to be'excellently suIted to ,the table. A more extended in vestlgatlon of the locality will be'made after the. Easter holidays. The trawler left Adelaide again on Tuesday to test the BIght over a different course. A. careful record Is to he kept of. all catches. Probably ai third trawl will he made to thoroughly examine the fishing groiunds within atreasonable distance of Adelaide. Great .interest wans manifested in Ade laide in.he trawler, and It is understood that soveral Adelaide gentlemen will asic the'Government to bear some portion of 'the initial expense of worleing a private trawler as a commercial enterprise. 