NEWS AND NOTES. The Mails. — A mail for the Ujiited Kingdom will close at ' the General ilJo&t-office; to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11.30 a.m. (late fee, 1-2.30 p.m.). The mail for tlie Eastern'. States on' the same' day will' close at 1 p.m. (late fee, 2 p.m.). Pearls of Great Price. — So ^great ihas fceen the 'rise in the' price ' of ipearls during the last j 15 years that il is. esti- mated by a writer 'in the Paris 'Revue' that a necklace, bought for £20,000 at the . end of the. ninetcenth'/^entury, ir'ight now', -be cxp'ectccne* to ? fetch' £200,000. With the constant increase of wealth, the value of, pearls is likely to continue to increase, and a good1 collection may be regarded as one1 of the most 'profitable, of inve4stmen*ts. . ' -Money; in Sunflowers;-rlt is. stated that the sunflower is to bo extensively cultivated in Egypt. Experiments re,'' cently made by German chemists show, that', the seeds are convertible to many uses, and, in addition tosthe'ir value in* the manufacture -of soap and dye, pos sess an' oil of great illuminatingr power.' An Egyptian .'contemporary. states that many acres of-araible land -are to' 'be dtvoted- to the, production of- the.- plant. ?May' not the. cultivation' of thisplant prove profitable in the- northern; parts of .this -State? - . .' V,' ' - . The Queen and Horse -' Racing.— Many -Australians will be' delighted to^ learn that 'the .Queen is -beginning -.to show ?greater appreciation of 'the at tractions qf the racecourse. Her Ma jesty's recent brief, visit to Ne'wraaf 'ket has 'set tongues '. wagging as1, t'o i whether Her-1 Majesty is about ,to' change in her attitude towards ''the turf. For some time past, it.is.said, the King and a few of Her Majesty's most intimate friends1 have been en deavoring to induce the Queen to show greater partiality towards the 'sport of kings,' and it is now, thought' that the visit' to Newmarket will be a pre lude to Her Majesty's more frequent appearanceon a .racecourse. 'Since ^the present flat-racing season is now .almost at. an end, it is .not likely that 'the Queen -will be. seen at' the^ -race's for the present but next year'itiis ex pected that 'she will; accompany His 'Majesty 'to* at least- one 'of .'the, prin cipal race ' meetings held' in/ the Lon don area,' . . , . . ? -* '? , American Criticism. — The 'World' ;(New York)- writes:— In saying good ,'bye 'to' Mrs.' (Pankhurst America may say' that it can discover no visible benefits from her visit to the 'woman suffrage cause. It; has gained nothing from her commerciar methods. Realis ing that, except among a i few extre mists, there is little sympathy here ior the agitation with 'which stie is iden tified, ftlrs. Pankhurst seems to have ''devoted1 much of her 'tiine^to discussing white slavery and kindred problems which, for the moment, arc uppermost in the mind^ of the American social1 reformer. Thus, while curiosity filled her audiences, American women have been left rather in the dark' as to the justification and causes, of the militant movement.. .?'*_', , ' '? The West Australian Section of the ?Transcontinental.!' — With a view to -damaging the present Federal Adminis .tration in' the eyes of a section of the people of £he Commonwealth, mis leading statements have been made by members . of the Federal Labor party regarding the progress of the con struction of the Kalgoorlle to Port Augusta railway. A suggestion, at least, has been made that since the Fisher Government left office the work has proceeded' with exasperating slow ness, whereas the fact is tiiat the work of track laying is now proceeding with greater celerity than ever before.. A return which'the Vice-President' of the Executive Council (Senator 'M'Coll) has received from Mr. Deane, engineer in chief for Commonwealth . railways, shows that up to the day the present' Government assumed office only'1 ? '8 miles 33 chains of the main, line liad. been laid on the Western Austral ia'ni section of the line, while .on December 15 the Tails had been put down for '.a distance of 25' miles .45 chains.. '/The1* line survey 'had been cWried from '45 \ miles' to .100 miles, the1 preliminary sury' .vey to 160 miles, clearing from 39_miles, 'to 71 :miies, and earthworks from1 31' miles to 66.20 miles. . ' . _?'- '' ' . ' - ', -' ,'' -.~^__ ' (! ' '' ' '- '' A Great Critic on English Writers^ Dr. Georges jBrahdes, tbc:' great Danish scritic, ' according , to 'the' 'Morning, Post.,'' 'the!- greatest otiaJI literary critics,' has been%fving' London inter -Viiewers- his view's of ? ' niodeiftipnen of letters. Ma\ 'H. .-V Wjells '-wa^I among his favorites -of-, 'to-day. ^-^Ir; Gals worthy was too- cold; !.'liis methods .were too - much Mike'1 those, of thev dis sector. 'Mr. Arnold1 Bennett. he found original,, but sometimes artificial. Mr. Bernan-d Shaw was doubtless a wit, 'but each- country had its particular idea of wit.- 'SUili, -Mt. Stiaw gave him, great pleasure, except .whan he took upon Himself to .belittle characters.' It was a, cheap .way of making folk' laugh, but no one who had studied Napoleon or, Caesar could db.other than reseut such caricatures. vMr. [.Shaw's-- comparative failure in' France he attributed to! two' causes over and above the ' difference in natienaTsta- ndards of wit. First, Mr. SJiaw liopes to 'score^ by; shocking people, aaid the French are not so easily frightened. Second, a 'leading French writer called him 'the modern 'Molierc.' Even .had , the description been just, the French /would have .re sented it, -tor there is to' them rJiit one Moliere, amd they, will' not welcome another.' ' - Kcir Hardie on General Strikes.— J. Kcrir Hardie, iM.I'.', who is a. great ad vocate of ithe general strike in case of a war between. Germany . and' Great Britain, believes i'n the strike only as a last resort:, He recently 'said: — 'I am of opinion that a strike, even when it is prepared, may only constitute a last resort,' and, 'I insiLst upon this point, it can only be an auxiliary to a political movement strongly organised. The failure of the general strike of which -Hollan'd has been the theatre for the last yea'rs proves that the strike is a w-capon with two -edgfes, \n short-' sighted and unskilful hands, .and can inffict serious wounds on 'whosoever uses it.' -i The Late Mr. Roberts, M.H.R.— This is how 'Ithuriel' sums up the character of ,.the ' late Mr. Roberts, M.H.R.: 'Haughty and frequently supercilious in manner, .he, owed .noth ing to the personal charm which-gave Mr. Fisher his - ascendency jn . tne p'arty; but/ on 'the .contrary, seemed to hold himself aloof from the amiabili ties and amenities of Party- intercourse. As a debater, 'Jie. Jiad an exceedingly keen eye ffo'r'the'.weak points in an opponent's, 'case,' .and ' the art . to make them appear;''to '-be'.vital - blemishes. Caustic and '.sarcastic.,1, he -.lacked . the. hum&r; which brightens a speech and pleases the hearer with a mental re Jaxation during a- closely-reasoned ar gument. ^ His onc^ lapse in that direc tion was notable. 'During a recent speech ho was once or twice' inter rupted by interjections from the At torney- General, and.' with .admonitory finger stretched over' 'the table, 'he said, 'I do wish the Attorney -General would keep cool,' and, with unsmiling ?countenance, he fixed the offender with a long, rebroachful;gaze, whilst mem bers on both sides laughed heartily. It was as if he had charged .the Prime Minister with frivolity, or 'bade the vociferous Mr. ..Webster to speak up. 'Death has] joined him to the great majority,' and since, knowing the in curable ;naturc -of his ailment, he de liberately. j2hoose to die fighting, the intensely dramatic 'nature of his end in Queen's Hall was not an unfitting close to his - varied and interesting career.' . * ., -' ,, Unpleasant Stories About H. (a. Wells.— rSome unpleasant stories- which have long been in circulation concern-' ing .Mr. H. G. Wells have drawn from the famous writer .a very vigorous pro 'test, puolished in the 'Labor Lead er.' .- ► Mr.- Wells says in1 effect .that he has been' the ivictim of the 'cunning and contagious vanity' of a section of the Fabian Socialists, who quarrel led with -him 'bitterly 'some,, time ago. 'There has been nothing in my life which I would not' tiring to the light with a good heart if I were not ham pered, as any honest,' man is hamper ed by- the discretions that the tac tics , and concealment , of the people connected with me demand,' he adds. He concludes: 'In no other /world tout the Anglo-Saxon Nworld would it be possible', to neutralise the work of an earnest writer by industriously de claring that he practised what he pr&- fessed (for that is the- range of the more substantial of these stories that have come to my ears about myself? and by maintaining in' the teeth of common-sense and manifest ,fact that he was the 'original1' of' every unor thodox character he had ever put into a novel.' ( Harry Lauder and a Living Wage. — The spirit of/unrest seethes in every department of labor, 'and has extended to Mr. Harry Lauder, who visits Aus tralia next year.' He says he is looking forward 'to the time when he will be able to dictate terms to music hall managers, instead of their dictat ing terms to him. Mr. LauderVsal-. ary is variously stated ( in the papers at'from £500 to £1,000 a- week. But he is, of course, in the unfortunate position of not being a trade unionist and bitter experience has taught all workers how the non-unionist is taken advantage of. It is to be hoped, how ever, that Mr. Lauder will succeed in getting the upper hand of' those man agers, and in compelling them to re cognise the . principle of - the living wage. , , , Mrs. Pankhurst on Mr. McKenna.— When Mrs. Pankhurst reached New York a few weeks ago, on her way to enlighten the American people regar ding the militant suffragettes, she was 'held up' 'by the immigration autho rities, who insisted that a lady. who had been in prison very often for :various acts of violence was not 'de- sirable' within the meaning of the statute law. Eventually she was re leased on an understanding that she would not preach arson or window smashing to the American women, and left the docks. She laughed gaily as the reporters crowded around' her. 'Asquith will be angry when he hears of this, aad so will M'Kenna,' she said 'Who is M'Kenna?' asked a reporter. 'Ah!'; said the suffragette leader. 'You know who Pankhurst is, but you never heard of M'Kenna, Now per haps you see why we adopted militant methods. M'Kenna is the chief tor turer of England. He is a narrow minded, pig-headed ignorant person.*' The reporters seem to have been pro perly impressed. The value of ad vertising is 'understood in the United States. . - ? Has 'Mr. Carnegie a Country? — Mr. Andrew Carnegie is tlie subject of a .rather heated controversy at the pre sent vtinie. The famous millionaire Is a ', voter n Britain and a*so in the .United States. ? His name appears upon' the register of electors for the '24th ward of the 29th Assembly Dis trict ' of . Manhattan, New, York,' and upon the parish roll of Dornoch, Scot land;, '(- He admits that he voted for Mr. Taft in-^ the Presidential election last year, and that he exercised the franchise in the British general elec tion of 191'0. 'Yet he cannot be a citizen- of -two countries.' A cjuestion *was put ,to the Home Secretary' in the House of. Commons recently with a view to 'discovering if millionaires had anyrSpecial privileges in the direction of extended citizenship, and Mr. M'Kenna' .replied that Mr. Carnegie, was born in Britain, ? and' presumably ' remained a, British subject. ' 'New York electoral officers maintain that Mr. Carnegie became an American citizen ' without naturalisation when he accompanied his parents to the United States half a century ago. T.he controversy is still proceeding, .and the' Scotch- Am- erican millionaire remains a, voter in two lands. , / i - Police Revolver's.-f-For the first 'tinie in the history oc the Melbourne police force every , constable on d!uty in the city on the night of December 10 car ried a loaded revolver. In the past many constables have carried their own' revolvers, but . some have not cared to go to the expense' of purchas ing a weapon, preferring to rely on the baton issued by the department: T.he shooting of Constable M'Casker, in Sydney-road, in. the early part of this year; revived .the question of arm ing police on night duty. The Value of Silence.— Silence is sometimes golden. The axiom will be now thoroughly appreciated by Mr. J. 'It. Nicholls, the officer of the Victorian Public Works Department who had the temerity to talk with some freedom about the State Parliariient. and es pecially about the Watt Ministry, in an oration .at a recent smoke social. The offence cried aloud for official vengeance, and the cry was not in ?vain.' Mr. Nicholl.1?, when 'carpeted,' as he soon was for his tongue wag ging, stated that his remarks were merely jocular, but the 'joke' did not ?move the risible susceptibilities of the august personages who 'were .supposed to' be 'in it.' and the matter was re .ferrcd by Mr. E. T. Drake, Secretary for Public Works, to Mr. G: C Morri son. Public Service Commissioner, for 'inquiry. Mr. Morrison, having held an inquiry into the charge of 'improper conduct,' has made a certificate to the following effect: — 'That such charge .having toeen inquired rnlo, the Com 'riiissioner finds it to be proved, and re d-uces the said J. R. Xicholl? to the sixth subdivision pC the fifth class.' Mr. Xicholls was previously in the seventh subdivision of the fifth class. The decision ' of ,: the Commissioner is final. The State and the Child.— In his ad dress to members of the teachers' as sociation, Sir Gerald /Strickland re marked that the education of large families in 'sparse populations was at one time largely undertaken by other bodies, tout now it was being concen trated in the body whose representa tives: he had the honor of addressing. Archbishop Kelly found fault with this statement when- speaking at St. Jolm'a School, Kent-street. 'I would attach.' he said, 'great weight to his Excel lency's foresight. He is a man of singular ability, but I- would not sub scribe to that sentiment. It would not be right at all. It would ,be a great mistake if such an important matter, as education was taken out off the hands -. of the parents and:-the church and was left to hands that are incap able. According to all ethics and so cial science, the State miist not take children from their parents and say how .they are to be trained. We re verence the State, but it was made for othfer purposes. I would ask,; Who gave ►education before the- State?' Alas; in most cases, no education was given at all. As a rule the parents gave none ?because they had none to give. iIti 'the majority of cases, it comes to State education or no education at all. . ?' \ 