From the Other Side of the World. SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. ST. PAUL (Minnesota), Tuesday. The State Federation of Women's Clubs has started a crusade against split skirts. The Federation is memorialising the manufacturers throughout the country. asking them to refuse to manufacture ' such articles, and jilbo to make dress patterns to modify the present extreme styles. Clergymen everywhere have united in denouncing the present-day fashions. LONDON, August 12. Over 1000 Dervishes between Berbers and Odwein, in Somaliland, attacked a force of 150 camel constabulary which had been sent to suppress inltertribal looting, and there were heavy losses on both sides. A British relief force has been sent from Aden. Sir Edward Grey made a long and re assuring statement in the House of Com mons on the Balkans situation, and especially with regard to the rcoccupation of Thrace by Turkey. The strike at Milan, and elsewhere in Italy, ihas been declared off. A father and son in a village in France, who had fallen in love with a dairy maid, fought a duel in her presence, and the father was killed. Torrential rains have fatten in South Africa, causing serious damage to the rail k ways. Tho Nationalists in Derry attacked a procession which was celebrating the an* niversary of tho relief of' Londonderry, and the processionists used revolvers to defend themselves. The International Medical Congress, which has been sitting in London, ha*' closed, and the next meeting will be held at Munich in 1917. Mr. John Bums, addressing the Con gress on the relationship between medi cine and public health, pointed .out that ( there were 772,811 fewer deaths in Eng land and Wales durfng the period 1900 -1911 than there would have been if tho 1871-1880 death rate had been main tained. It was stated in the American Senate that the monopolistic hold of the Tobacco Trust had actually increased since its dis solution vraa ordered by the Supremo Court. LONDON, Aujp)*t 13. The Commonwealth has engaged 60* pic ture theatres in Great Britain exclusively to show Australian films during the win ter months. Sir George Reid entertained Senator Eliliu Root, late American Secretary of State, at dinner at the United Service Club jn London. Joseph Phillips, who was second cashier in the Bank of England, and dis appeared in April last, has been arrested on the charge of forging South American share transfers. Lord Alverstone (Lord Chief Justice of England), who has been in ill-health for some time past, has resigned. The Marconi Wireless Telegraph Co. has declared a dividend of 20 per cent., and carried forward £145,000. There has been a renewal of the rioting at Londonderry, and several police and others were injured. Mr. Lloyd George, speaking in the IJouse of Commons, said the growth of armaments had genuinely alarmed him, and he was confident it would lead to disaster, but there was not the slightest prospect of any reduction, as no country alone could afford to run the risk. Tho strikes in the. desman dockyards have ended. The death is announced of Herr Bebel, the Socialist political leader in Germany. The. New York State Legislature has decided to impeach the State Governor^ (Mr. Sulzer), who is accused of having" used political funds for private specula tion, but Mr. Sulzer refuses to leave office, and declares that he will ignore the impeachment. The women suffragists in America have planned a great concerted action to secure the Federal vote. Serious rioting has taken place in con nection with a miners' strike at Nandm, Vancouver Island. Sir Edward Grey's speech in the House of Commons on the Balkans situation has been acclaimed by the newspapers throughout the Continent. LONDON, Thursday. The steamer Athenic, which sails to-day, will take 114 farmers and farm labour ers, and their wives and families, 68 domestics, tnd 101 nominated immi grants for New Zealand. The Ajana, which sails on August 2&, will carry 300 emigrants for Western Australia. The Zealandic, nailing in October, will convey to Fremantle upwards of 1000 emigrants. In* the House of. Commons last night Mr. Will Thorne, Labour member* for West Ham South, introduced a Bill which pro vides that any oat holding in any agri cultural district more than 50 acres of uncultivated land shall be liable under certain conditions to conviction for mis demeanour, and be dispossessed of such lands, the Commissioners of Woods and Forests taking over the surplus land, pay ing some compensation, and letting the land to tenants. LONDON August 14. The Port of London Authority is send ing its chief engineer to America to obtain the latest information, wttth a view to tlie inatallaion of plant at the Albert Dock for. the more rapid disposal of chilled and frozen produce. A syndicate of members of the Ship building Employers' Federation in Great Britain has formed an Iron and 8t*el Cor poration, with a capital of £2,000.000. The reported resignation of Lord Chief Justice Alverstone is stated to be con tingent upon the condition of bis health after the long vacation. Further serious rioting has taken place in Londonderry. Sir Ralph Paget has been appointed As sistant Under Secretary for Foreign Affaire.' Further acts of incendiarism by suffra gettes are reported. The Appropriation Bin has been passed by the House' of Lords. Mr. Orville Wright has invented an aero-boat with a speed of 60 miles an hour, which is intended to be used in the United States postal service. Governor Suiter, of New York State, who has been impeached by the State Legislature, refuses to quit .office. The miners on strike in Vancouver Island have committed serious outrages, but the militia now control the situation. The Danish expedition under Captai.i Koch, which crossed Greenland 600 miles further north than Nansen, ihad a most adventurous journey, and had been without food for 35 hours, when the party were rescued. \- Orders have been given for the demobil isation o. the Servian army. Serious charges are made of atrocities by the Greeks. The Turkish Grand Vizer, in an inter* view, declared that if the Bulgarians re occupied Adrianople, they must pass over the bodies of 200,000 nicked troops. LONDONr August W. It is reported that Sir Samuel Griffith, Chief Justice of the High Court of Aus tralia, has been offered a seat in the Im perial Court of Appeal raider the new Appellate Jurisdiction Act! The Imperial Parliament has been pro rogued to November 3. The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, which has received the Royal assent, insures that the supreme tribunal of. the Empire will be adequately constituted to meet the growing requirements of India and the Dependencies. Dr. Page, the American Ambassador, unveiled at Southampton a memorial to the Pilgrim. Fathers. The Howard Smith Co.'s new steamer Myola has been launched at Middles brough. The British Admiralty has placed orders with private yards for three battle ships of the most powerful type, and by the autumn of 1915 Great Britain will have at sea 42 Dreadnoughts. Further disturbances have occurred at Londonderry, and a policeman was wounded with a bullet. Suffragettes .set fire to a new emptji faouec at Baotjor. Lady Denman has left England on hei return to Australia, via Canada. The Admiralty has invited 200 lieuten ants in the fleet to volunteer for the naval air wing of the Royal Flying Corps. Mr. Kotze, Government mining engi neer, in liis annual report on the Rand, Btatcs that phthisis has killed off the best minora, leaving inexperienced men of mixed nationality, incapable of dealing with the huge output. Refugees from China are flocking to Japan. An expedition to Nova Zembla discov ered a diary left by the last survivor of a fisbing colony of 100 persons who had perished from disease and starvation. The Bulgarian troops, headed by King Ferdinand, crowned with a wreath of leaves, had a great popular ovation on returning to Sofia. LONDON, August 17. The British naval authorities were so impressed with the utility of waterplanes in the recent manoeuvres that they have invited 200 naval lieutenants . to volun teer for the flying corps. The Marquis of Lincolnshire, formerly well known as Lord Carrington, has an nounced his retirement from public life. • A labourer named Lunstall, in the em ploy of the Bolton Corporation, is report ed-to have inherited £200,000 from his father-in-law,- who was engaged in the West Australian pearl fisheries. Three new bishoprics — Sheffield, Chelmsford, and "Suffolk — have been created by the British Parliament. During a performance at the Elephant and Castle Theatre, London, Herbert Nielson, the hero of the play, was fatally injured by wads from a gun that was discharged. Miss Annie Kenney, one of the most prominent of the militant suffragettes, has gone to France. Some further fighting has occurred in connection with the Londonderry riots. Mass meetings of railway men were held on Sunday at various places in Eng land to celebrate the 1911 strike, and in dicated a strong spirit of unrest. The Austrian Government propose to raise the annual recruit levy to 260,000 men. The Greek army will demobilise next week. Harry Thaw, the millionaire, who shot Mr. Stanford -White under sensational circumstances in New York in August, 1906, and has since been confined as a criminal lunatic, made his escape from the asylum on Sunday morning, with the aid of confederates. A sensational discovery has been made of a bag of blasting gelatine in the Cen tral Fire Brigade station at Johannesburg, and bombs with detonators and fuses at tached were also found in drains in differ ent parts of the city. The Foreign Office has been warned of a plot to assassinate Lord Kitchener, who is spending a holiday in England. The funeral of Herr Bebel, the German Socialist leader, who died in Switzerland, was witnessed by 150,000 persons. 