GENERAL NEWS Oscar Hill, 18, a pupil teacher at: the Sunshine State School, committed suicide by shoting himself through the right temple with a revolver. He hail; been studying hard, and left a note to his father, which showed that he was 'disappointed in his studies. It stated: -—"I can't get to the top as you would wish me, and I can't be content to re main at the bottom. I believe 1 will be happier now. Don't grieve over Die." Enrico Gampagnoia, a woodcutter, employed by the Kurrawang Firewood Co., wandered from his camp, aea> Kurrawang, on Wednesday afternoon, -"arid was lost in the bush. A constable and blaclstracker went out on Wednes day, arid followed the tracks until Sat urday afternoon, when they found the •missing man near Ivunanalling, 30 miles from camp. Campagnola had wandered about 70 miles, and when found was practically na'ked and al most unconscious. He was brought back to Kalgoorlie, and is now little . the worse for his terrible experience. \- ' » ■> e Tllo full benefits of the March rains •are--now being shown fn butter pro . duction. The supply of Victorian but ter has increased rapidly of late, and there is now an export surplus which will require to be shipped to London. For this reason it has been necessary to reduce prices to a level more in ac cordance with those prices obtainable for shijithent. The wholesale quota tion: for -superfine Western brands is now lid. per lb., the fall of a penny following a similar one last week. 'Exactly a year ago the wholesale price w^s'advafaeed Id., the price then being 1/3. There lias also been a fall in Sydney, where the wholesale price is now 10%d. per lb. » • • The marriage of a yOung Danish nobleiiiain 'With a Waitress in a Massa chusetts 'restaurant is the big romance of the week which has all American society talking. The bride is Lena Roy, a French-Canadian of Saskatche wan, aiid 'the bridegroom Hunt von Holstein Rathborr, eldest son and heir 'Of Ixrtil Frederick ffliih von Holstein Rath'bon, a noble of the Court of Den mark. Lena was working as a wait ress in a hotel at Wilthurn, Fall Krvey, Slassachusetts, and it was there that the young Dane met her. He came into the dining-room for food, but be fore he had finished eating his dinner he was aaking for the love of the beau tiful young Canadian. The girl refus ed to take him seriously, but lie came ibae.k day after day asking her to onarry him. Still she refused, not be cause she failed to return his love, ■but because she thought 'his parents •would not allow the match. Hunt then went off to Denmark and persuad ed his father to us^ his influence at Court to obtain a decree ennobling •the girl. The father at last succeed-' ed, the decree was obtained, and the ;yoting man came 'back to America again to claim Ms willing bride. The' ■marriage ceremony took place quietly, this week. » '» * The Sydney "Sun" has made ra ■ir.afkable progress "Since being re-or ganised and/amalgamated with the old ■ "ISvetting Star." When the present management took control the daily circulation was 24,400 and of the Sua ■day issue 58,600 were printed. These, ■figures have now been increased fo 52,957 for the evening editions, and ■the Hundred thousand mark has been ■passed with the Sunday "Sun," ths average for March, signed by auditors, •is given as 103,137. No other papjr in Australia has made such progress in recent years. Mr. Hugh R. Denison, who owned Poseidon when he won the Caulfleld and Melbourne Cups, is the ■chairman of the "Sun" directorate. Much of the progress can be attribu ted to the modern methods adopted in ■providing the public with up-to-date, news, the "Sun" having a specially equipped correspondent in London, .Melbourne, Freemantle, Papua and 'other news centres, and also an elabor ate caible service. Xews published in. ■the London "Times" is, by special ar rangement, reprinted in the "Sun" the same day. Mr. Monty Grover, former ly of the "Argus" is editor, and he has gathered around him other star writers previously with the Melbourne paper. * * » , The police connected with the Cen-' tral Sydney Station have received a "Black Hatid" letter, which came to hatfd a few days ago. The writer was ■evidently some lunatic or practical jloker, and the'contents read:—"To thej Officers, 'Sergeants, and Men of the' Central Police Station,—You are 'all •condemned to die in three months. If this 'appears in any of the papers you mill die within three weeks. The Mack Hand Society of Sydney has' sworn It." Underneath the missive ■were'drawn two large hands, wHich •were painted black, and a red heart •with a dagger through it. The American police are just now in vestigating tile mysterious disappear ance of twenty young girls. They were ail immigrants, and were on their wi.y from Now York to Chicago. At New-" 'castle, Pennsylvania, they got out of 'the train by which they were travel ling to liav'e lutich, biit the train pulled Gilt "before they had finished their meal and none of them have been heard of 'since. It is feared that the girls have fallen into the hands of men engaged •in the white slave traffic. » • • The Federal Parliament lias he prorogued lilitil the 23rd inst. The dissolution aiid writs arc expceted on the following day. * * * The protruding hat pin by-Ian' lias Ueen introduced Into Perth. In the first batch of cases fines of 1/- Were. Imposed. The second batch were fined 'fi/- 'each ahd the last lot of offenders were fined 10/- each. 1 » « • A number of counterfeit florins-have1 been circulated at Warrnflmbool. The coins arc of the new 'Cdmiilduwealth design. A sensation was caused last weelt'i at Luneville, a Preach town of some importance, in the province of Meur the-et-Moselle, which is just across the German frontier. A German air-1 ship was manoeuvring at a great | height, when ,it suddenly descended j close to Luneville. A number of Ger- I man officers in uniform were on board and they and the dirigible were im mediately surrounded iby French troops. The Germans explained that their ship'had got beyond control, and the invasion of France was involun tary on their part. The authorities, however, seized the airship and its occupants pending instructions from the War Office, but it is expected that the Germans and their craft will be permitted to return. The suffragettes are continuing their militant campaign in England. An at tempt has been made to blow up the railway station at Oxted, on the Lon don- Brighton line. An empty train was partly wrecked by explosives on the North-Western railway. » » * The possibility of the State develop ing an extensive meat trade with San Francisco, which ..has. been ^suggested by Mr. F. T. A. Frickc, the Vlctorian 'agent in America, is endorsed by'the chairman of the "Water Commission. In Mr. .Mead's opinion, there are great opportunities for a trade in meat, fruit and other products with America. During his last visit to the United States the representative of a firtn Informed him that it was shipping £60,000 worth of meat a year to Hono lulu, and could take large quantities of meat and -butter if it could be as sured of the continuous supply which would enable it to fulfil its contracts. Victoria, Mr. Mead considers, cannot become an important factor in the trade until a direct steamer service is secured. He believes that such a ser vice will be warranted hy the pros pects of the trade that is offering. • » • Tile Victorian apples by the Medic have arrived in good condition, but almost all the William pears were rotten. The largest importer is sell ing them 'only on condition that the Sound are separated arid the unsound handed to the sanitary authorities. Good sorts were selling from 9/- to 11/-, and a few up to 16/- per case. Mushrooms are very plentiful this year at Mortlake, and some are of tre mendous size. A motor party (Messrs Fiddes and Cottrell) discovered a patch, one of which weighed 2'4lb., and was 29% inches in circumference. Several weighed l%lb., and were 25 inches in circumference. The two dozen picked weighed-251b., and were prime samples. « * ' "* A -man named Percy W. Stevenson has been fined £1 at West Maitland (N.S.W.) for having obtained sixpence by false pretences. A detective gave evidence that he attended the local, show and paid sixpence for admit tance to a side show, which was de-" scribed as the wild man from Africa who fed on raw-meat. He saw a man; with a wig and false teeth which niade his mouth protrude in a fero cious mariner. » •« % An army officer in Warsaw, Lieu tenant PerlovBki, who wanted to end; hiu life, hit upon a desperate plan for doing so. Taking an aeroplane, He started on a flight, soaring upwards until he had reached a height of, 600 feet. He then deliberately shut" oft the engines and allowed the machine to come crashing down to the earth. The daring fellow was killed instant ly, his body being considerably knock-; ed about. * * » Sir John Cockburn, lecturing before the members of the Royal Sanitary Institute advocated a crusade against the wearing of veils hy women. , He claimed that the fearful grimaces thht women were in the habit of making'' i to keep their veils in position were a, deterioration of the features. * • » The "Daily Mail's" offer of two prizes' totalling £15,000 for successful 1 hydroplane trips around the coast of Britain and across the Atlantic Ocean \ has evoked great enthusiasm in Eng land, on the Continent, and in Amer-! ica. It is confidently predicted that-' the journey across the Atlantic will be performed on one day between; sunrise and sunset within the present year. » ♦ * Terribly tragic is the story that comes from St. Louis (U.S.) of the fate that has just overtaken a Society leader in that city, Mrs. Gerhart. Little more than a fortnight ago Mrs. Gerhart figured in the divorce court, when her husband secured a decree1 for the dissolution of their marriage. Fifteen days iater all St. Louis was startled by the announcement that the city's well-known society leader had actually married a negro who had been in her service as a butler. The; grave social offence she had commit-' ted was soon brought home to her. Her friends would have nothing to do with her, and she found herself com-. Iiletely banished from society. Real ising then the degradation to which she had been reduced by her ill-con-; sidered marriage, Mrs. Gerhart 'fled from her home. The negro promptly followed her, and finding that there was no escape from the man to whom she had tied herself the unhappy wo man ended her life by taking a dose of poison. * * « An Italian scientist reports that Lake Magadi, in Kast Africa, consists oT pure soda. The surface of the lake, which covers an area of thirty square miles, is perfectly solid and daz/.lingiy white. With the completion of the railway line that is now being built facilities will be .provided that will enable the world to be supplied with soda.' • * '» Dr. Tultle, the famous New York alienist, declares that bachelors lire more likely to become insane thaij^irc benedicts. A Rheims newspaper startled lts)| readers by announcing that a German! aii'sBip, after cruising over the fort-i resses of Toulon and Verdun, had' come down near the barracks in Rheims, having lost both propellers. Crowds of excited people rushed to the scene, and a large force of police and gendarmes also hurried there to disperse the mobs, but nothing was to be seen of any damaged airship be longing to our friend the enemy. Then everybody suddenly remembered that it was the first of April, but the crowd took, the joke badly, and all sorts of threats were made of what would happen to the perpetrators. The authorities, it is said, intend to prose cute the proprietors of the paper for having published false news likely to provoke a breach of the peace.' » * * Most young Australians are tamilHr with Moncrieffe, Mr. Phil Wirth's old favorite grey. For over two years Moncrieffe has been on the retired list enjoying an easy time, but in r-2 sponsfe to requests from old friends Mr. Wirth determined to "play" him again. Last week in Sydney Mr. Wirth put the old horse into the ring for a practice, when, much to his own er's. .astonishment, ue- not only went through the performance perfectly, but reminded his rider of one or »»n omissions he had made. The hand kerchief trick, where the rider ties a handkerchief round the horse's fore leg, and the animal had to untie a:i intricate knot, was omitted by Mr. Wirth; but the old grey reminded him of it at the proper time, and resolute ly refused to go on with the perform ance until it was included. * » # A chapter of accidents occurred this week at the Schumann Circus in Ber lin. The first mishap occurred to a competitor who was riding around the arena on horseback and cutting off "Turks' heads" with a sword. His horse savaged him, pulled him from the saddle and dragged him round the ring several times, badly bruising ■'him. Then a man who was hanging frtiiii a rapidly revolving ring sus ■ pended from the roof lost his hold and fell to the ground, sustaining se vere internal damage. The third aud last mishap was the worst of the three. Two Chinese jugglers fell "while sliding down a wire rope by j their pig-tails. Their scalps were torn from their heads, and they bue j'tained agonising injuries, to whi"h they are likely to succumb. e « « 13x-Judge Casey, of the County Court of Victoria, died on Saturday, aged SI. He was born in County Clare in 1S32, came to Victoria in 1SS5, joined the late Mr. Angus Mae kay fn the purchase of the "Bendigo Advertiser,", and was elected member for Sandhurst in 1861. He remained in Parliament until 1880, and filled various Ministerial positions until an-, pointed a judge in 1884. He was re garded as an independent politician and an able judge. » '» • Dancing in the dark is the latest, fashionable diversion of the exclusive; circles of Washington. The dancers carry red electric flash-lamps, which, they turn on noiv and then, and tlie gaiety usually lasts till daylight, when' a breakfast of scrambled eggs and sausages is served. A sensational shooting incident oc curred at Whangarei (N.Z.), a boy named Fyfe being seriously wounded. Fyfe and his companions were or an excursion. Fyfe threw something at. another boy, whereupon the . latter cried, "I'll drill a hole through you," at tlie same time presenting a pea rifle. Fyfe hid. behind a tree while others tried to taike the rifle from his; companion. Fyfe then stepped out, being shot beneath the heart. It is' feared that the wound will be fatal. Edwin Augustus Sheehan is in cus tody in connection with the case, charged with attempted murder. ■« * ♦ The yield of gold for March ■was' 42,46Goz. gross, or 39,547oz. fine, val ued at £107,983. Compared with the yield for March of last year there has. been an increase of 4S5oz. fine. The. yield for the last three months was, U0,8S0oz. gross, or 102,551oz. line, val ued at £435,611. This shows a de-" crease of 6,495oz. fine compared with the quantity won during the corres ponding period of last year. ♦ v » Another case of lynch law has been reported from the State of Montana,; U.S.A. A sheriff and his deputy 'at tempted to arrest a negro for beating5 a woman, and he shot them both. A. crowd gathered and riddled the negro i with bullets, and after hanging the 'body to a pole tried to cremate it. • '■» o For the first time in Victoria ihen wdre admitted to a ladies' swimming carnival on Saturday, when the li&w-; thorn Ladies' Club held their anriual meeting. The opportunity was freely! availed of, aind there was a large at tendance of both sexes. Proceedings ■' Were conducted with the utmost de-'. cortim. Owing to its advanced ideas' on the subject of allowing gentlemen . to attend ladies' swimming meetihgs, the Hawthorn Ladies' Club has had tor withdraw from the Victorian Ladies' : Amateur Swimming Association, and! members affiliated with the Ladies' Association were not allowed to com 1 pete at the Bleeting on Saturday. The committee of file Hawthorn Ladies'' Club, however, anticipate that after Saturday's experience other ladles' clubs will combine with Hawthorn and gentlemen will be allowed to attend all meetings promoted by the ladies', clubs. » * • Wllari, who won the V.R.C. Derby: and St. Leger two years ago, wiis a winner "down the line" on Saturday. With 9 stone on her back, she was made a !j to 4 favorite for the Epsom Handicap, and just managed to squeeze home by a head from Blytlie soine. Three days before the last Gaulfield Cup Wllari broke a blood . vessel and her form has Bince been vdry disappointing. She will now be retired to the etiid. [ A valuable discovery i>f Iron ore has i been made near Kimberley, South 1 Africa. J ' » • « I An explosion of ammonia occurred at the Babia Blanca meat works (South America) and oaused damage to the value of £120,000. The loss of meat in the freezers is valued at £40,000. The export of mutton will continue, but the export of chilled beef will be temporarily suspended. » * » The suffragettes are continuing their depredations in England. At Ayr a racecourse grandstand was burnt down, an attempt was made to burn the grandstand at Kelso, and an unoccupied mansion in Hertfordshire was also destroyed. Two advocates of the cause have been sentenced to Imprisonment for four and six months for other offences. • ■» ■ '• The two local newspapers at Orange (N.S.W.) refused to-publish reports of a political speech by Mr. T. Brown, a Federal Parliament candidate, unless he paid for the® at a moderate fee. The newspapers contend that a num ber of harrassihg restrictions have been imposed on them by Parliament. The candidate refused to pay for the reports and none jy^'re published. t The number of cases of persohs 'de-"' fr'auding the railways-has increased by j large numbers during the last few years. In 1010, '209'4 travellers were ' detected;-' in 1011, 2919; while last year the number increased to 3599. During the first three months of the present year an enormous increase is shown, and if the same average is kept up the year will close with a re cord of close on 8,000 cases. » '» "• The Victorian track championship sports at the Melbourne Cricket ground on Saturday provided a series of ex citing events. The team to s-core the highest points was University. In the mile walk "W. Murray 'was disqualified . for unfair walking and the race fell ' to E. M. L. Morgan. In the 8S0 yards j championship R. H. "Watson and D. I TurnbuII fought it out to the finish, when "Watson leapt to the tape only j a foot ahead of his'opponent. The high ■ jump was won by L. H. Kelly, who : cleared oft. llin. Emil Voight, the well-known distance champion, won the mile comfortably. The three-mile ■walk was won by W. Murray in fine style. The '440yds. raice was captured by L. H. Kelly in 51%'Sec;, and J. h. Davis won the long jutriv 'vhiii a leap of 21ft. "» * » A shocking fatality occurred at the Midland Junction loco yards (Perth). An employe named Philpott was super intending the removal of coal by a steam crane and scoop grip, when hte stumbled on the dump, and was caught by the grip of the scoop. His cries drew attention, and his body Taj seen gtfspended in mid-'alr, head downwards. DSath, however, wSs al most instantaneous. » » » Brilliant shooting was the rule it the Port Melbourne range when n match was contested by teams of six ty picked marksmen from Nos. 19 and 21 Unions. No. 19 won with a score of -2925 against 286G put up by No. 21. I The shooting was at 300 yards, 500 ! ■yards and 600 yards, and the sixty competitors averaged 96.5 apiece out of a possible 105. C. P. Nobelius, the Emerald Club crack, was in splendid form) and scored 103. He secured the possible at 300 and 500 yards, and his first five shots at 600 were bulls. His last two shots, however, fell a little wide, scoring inners, and leaving him with only two points short of the pos j sible at the three ranges. J. J. Ray mond, of the Railways Club, wag.prac tising on the range, and at 600 yards placed 12 consecutive shots on the bullseye, and out of five other shots, scored four bulls and one three. Alto gether he totalled 83 out of a possible of 85. ♦ • "a The "Commonwealth Gazette" is. probably but . little read by those who reside near Lake Gillear, In the Wes tern District. Last Saturday's issue, however, contains an announcement of the greatest interest to the resi dents of that district. A live shell has, somehow or other, gone astray on the artillery range, and live shells command every respect. Residents of the Lake Glllear district are warned through notice in the gazette that, handling the shell will entail extreine danger, and any person finding it is, required to notify at once the Officer1 commanding the 10th battery, Austra lian Field Artillery, at "Warrnambool • * # Many new "arrivals confess to a tlit ■ Acuity in getting the hang t>f the great Australian Slanguage. Apropos, a witness in a court case at Balliirat recently was asked whether he had, "strapped up" an account. He looked puzzled and did not reply. "I asked you, sir," said the so'icitor, winliihs at tile ijiress table, "if you httd'strap ped -up an account. Don't you under 'stand the colonial language?" "'No, I don't," rejoined the witness coldly. "Speak English, please." Whereupon the court tittered, and Sir. Sheepskin looked savage and went oh with the case. • * f Keen interest is being evidenced in the semi-finals of the Victorian Cric ket Association. At the University Oval the students have commenced their match with Collingwood, who were disposed df for ill, 'of which 39 was scored by F. Pitcher. Hartkbpf was best with the ball and captured four wickets. Park and McGregor have commenced University's Innings, j At South Melbourne the local club had a day on the field, while Fitzrov I scored 214. C. Dwyer topped the score with 67. Kiernan (85), McDon ald (31) and "MeKenzle (30) also bat ted well. » » » The Hallway Picnic at nulhlrat on Saturday attracted visitors from all over the State, and it is estimated that about 1000 people visited the city during the day. 