GENERAL NOTES. Women in Denmark. "The modern, woman, as Denmark knows her to-day; dates back but 50 years. In the history of the na tion. 'Before that time, says mora laaugaaro, a woman leaner ui Copenhagen, 'all Danish women sat behind the panes with downcast eyes.' Since that time . progress has been steady, "First came Mathilde Fibiger plead ing for the mental enfranchisement of women. She was the first woman to be employed as an officer in the State Telegraph Company, and her views and 'achievements made her the target of relentless opposition. Then came Pauline Worm, pleading for women's economi cal freedom i "Both virtually gave their lives to their causes. Then decade by decade the sen timents of the country changed, as woman after woman showed that she had a new ideal of life, until in 1908 Danish women were given full muni cipal suffrage. In the interim legislation had" been coerced in woman's fayor. The married woman's earnings and pro perty were secured to her by law. The word "obey " was eliminated from the marriage ritual. Professionally and economically women made their way up. There came to be women doctors, lawyers, dentists, journalists and authors in the State of Denmark. Women got into State posi tions. Telegraph offices and post offices ceased to make any distinction between men and women clerks. To-day the railroad and Custom House employ women. So do private savings banks, and woman has her place in the offices of bctb ministry and municipality. According to Thora Daugaard's figures, there are 24,000 Danish women farmers and 24.000 Danish "business women," — employed in home work, that is, in gainful occupations in the home. Six thousand women are pro prietors of factories, there are 4000 forewomen and 40,000 "hands." Fifteen hundred women teachers rule over mixed schools and schools for boys, and there are 70,000 women workers in the arts and trades. MHSnSSEB3E9S£SS3BMBinBBBSnBVHmBBBUmHHSBHB The Girl Immigrant The following letter was recently re ceived by Mrs Bingham, of the Intelli gence Bureau:— Dear Mrs Bingham, , _ You will no 4oubt .be pleased to .hear one of fhe . £Fort "Red Badge =<3irl3> : v.. I am pleased to tll. yoh that I am- very comfortable in my situation, with a wery con siderate mistress; - and - the duties - are not heavy, . . . .. I am very glad I camfe out here, s and it is >a, grand country f or aby young Woman to come to, who wants to get on and is not afraid of. work. I feel .it has to he. give ana take. I try to .give Mrs W — my pest and she Shows me every consideration and :gives me many little privileges, which I appreciate. I am also very much better in health- thru at home. I am grateful to the Victorian Government for making it possible for us to come out here and all the kindness shown us. both at the Hostel at Tilbury ana again at (his end. — Yours faithfully, EkR. The red badge girls were the domestic workers, who wore scarlet favors to distinguish them from the industrial workers brought out by Miss Cuthbert- son The Port Macquarie was the boat in which the girls came to Australia. It Is refreshing to hear of somebody who is viewing the situation with optimistic contentment. It looks as if this "Red Badge" girl was going to make good in the land of her adoption. Home for Dogs. The Lost Dogs' Home is now in full working order. The practical work of the society did not commence with the opening of the home, for prior to Feb ruary 2S5 dogs had been taken off the streets, and either placed in good homes or mercifully de stroyed Since the opening of the home, up to June 30, 377 dogs have been received, so that no fewer than 662 animals have already been saved, by the operations of the society, from possible starvation and ill-usage. The committee desires it to be under stood "that the title chosen for the home, "Temporary Home for Lost and Starv ing Dogs," clearly indicates that they, aim. at relieving present distress only, and that the main object is to find good homes outside for such of the waifs and strays are are healthy and otherwise suitable, and to end the sufferings of the disease and maimed by the mer ciful oblivion of the lethal chamber. The committee hopes to derive some benefit from the boarders' . ken- I nels now being built. To this scheme Misses Moors have rendered valuable assistance. People going away from home can, for a small consideration, place their canine pets in charge of the home. Among the dogs, at present for saie there are poodles, collies, Irish and Gordon setters, Toy Terriers, and several good watch-dogs. The Brunswick and Prahran councils now send dogs seised in the streets and not sold by auction to the home. The committee hopes that persons finding - dogs will take them to the home, and J also desires that persons losing dogs will go to the home to see if they are there. The constantly recurring outlay for wages, and food for the dogs, can only be met by an assured income from regu lar subscriptions. The resources of the society do not permit of the employ ment of paid collectors, and the com mittee asks all who sympathise with this movement to allow their names .tp be placed on the list of annual subscrib- l ers, and also to do what lies in their | power to bring the claims of the home I under the notice of their friends. Subscriptions or donations sent to the honorary treasurer, 53 Elizabeth street, | will be promptly acknowledged, j The home is situated in Langford street, North Melbourne, and is open to the general public from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on week days, and 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. on Sundays. Warraweo Club. . . Membej-s of the Warrawee Club, who assembled at the rooms on July 21\. to meet Madame " Genee-Ieltt, were sadly disappointed, tor, owing to indisposition, the dairity, little dancer was unable to be present at . the At Home arranged in her honor. Among these who made their first visit to the club were Mrs Hodges, Mrs G. 1&. Kifk- patrick, Mrs Harry Emmerton, and Mrs Jack Stughton. Mrs D. V. Hennessy, the Lady Mayoress, was also present. Miss Lizzie Newbold gave two or three little French songs, Miss North Barrett and Mr Collier also assisted, and Miss Nellie Hobson, dressed in a black velvet robe of the Elizabethan era, charmed her listeners with a rendering of "Not Understood." 