FAIR WOMEN AND BRAYE MEN. THE BALKAN PEOPLE. If The Balkans bo rightly called the cock pit of Europe and its men the home aven gers, surely its women can be truthfully named as the home-makers and beautiflerB. The mothers and' sweethearts- of , the men who throw themselves at the throats of the encroaching Turks and forced them to their knees— these mothers and sweethearts come from good old stock. In times gone by they have carried arms .? themselves when men run' short. They have ploughed the fields and gathered the crops in time of need. To this day they weave and sew, knit and bake as no other women in the world. Reveal ing in their varied peasantry an amalgama tion of seemingly, all the nations of the earth, they have retained the good and, the strong and the beautiful of each ..of them, and present to-day the most picturesque and the most robust, the iuost simple and the most complex ? type of -womanhood to be found in a journey around the globe. True, the leaders of nearly all these little prin cipalities Have come from foreign states, but the masses oC the country — the real ])e,,,,]e — arc descendants ot those who have lived for centuries on the hills and the coasts of their own forcbears;and even in attracting governors from other and more northern centres of power they have only harked back to their own days of immigra tion and recalled tbei-r own Invasions or incursions Into this land of the south. For not all of the Balkanians call Alexander 'father'; some prefer 'atlllo,' and, still others arc purer Slavs than the lciieclcrs at the throne of the little father in Peters burg. . It is only a return, then, to their home rulers to call a. Danish prince or a gradnson of Louis Phillipe to guide their affairs of state, particularly as these chosen princes bring with them daughters of Rus sia and Germany and England to bo thclv oo-rulers, helping as their husbands can not help in furthering,- the welfare or the women of the Balkans. aw ?RiifJHAKEST. The tongues and dialects in all the Balkan States are as-numerous as thobc in tho. differ- ing cantons of China, and there will bofoun.l ?is' many Roumanians in tho other parts ol tho peninsula as there will of their iminedaito neighbours, the Bulgarians, the . Servians, Greeks, Montenegrins, or even the oldest and newest of them all,, the Albanians. So, then,] (?harming Queen Eli/.abolu, despite her exclu .sivo disclaimer, iis well us Princess Maria, a newer and younger idol of Budiare&fc;, and all the other boautifull.v-drof.scd and pleasure hceking ladies ol' tho Court (to say nothing of Uio picturesque natives, in Moldavia and all along the confines of Hungary, Russia, and tho Black Sea), are included in' this sketch of . the women of the Balkans, In1 short, no bet- 1 tor fctart cun bo made than on tho streets of , this same Bucharest, where the' cabs nro smarter than even tnoso oi ; ijuuhohoi- r--=» York, whore. tho women are lovelier than tho dwellers of Paris or Vienna, ' whore .thoro avo particularly no slums, and whore tho cafes bln/.e all night. The particular Vanity Fair of this littlo capital is the Calea Victories 'nil avenuo lined with palatial buildings and through which all Bucha rests drives between il and 5 o'clock. ?And by 'driving' on this particular avenuo is meant the most maddening, riotous, furiously fast pace known' to civilised man. Tho horses are magnificent animals that are driven over tht- .street, back and forth, buck and forth, at breakneck speed, endeavouring to rival all the other hordes, driven by equally ' well groomed Russians at an equally furious swift pace. The women of tho gay capital could have no bettor introduction to thoir daily lifo than this self-same drive in which they all 'participate. Not to bo .seen on the Calea Vic toria! in tho afternoon is an admission' of be ing a nobody. Her drive is .but tho prelim inary to a round of afternoon teas. At theso teas is met 'everyone worth meeting in tho capital. Tea at Capsns is getting to be as much of an affair as many of the regular after noons on the Caloa Elizubota, and tho Calea Carol 1.- Hero a number. ot th-3 pretty women of the city meet after their furious flrlvn nnrl pli'nf . wtfli ? iUn /WllniM.u' n-n.-i *is.*ia v. ...u *....v« vji.ii, .. itu illy U1I1VU1 n. IllKJ.UllflU mats regarding the events of tho (.'ny, Tho, frequenters of Capsa's arc among the best dressed womon in tho city— a city whore can be scon some of- tho bost-drcssed . wo-, men in tho world. Tho Bucharest hello has tile beauty of' the Hungniinn, the grace of the Spanish sonoritn, and tho .wit of the French inndnmo. Hex voice Is low and iwuHical, and in her patois arc found not a few pure French words. The gootl people of Bucharest live ex ceedingly well. They Insist upon- having their breakfast served to thorn in bod.' At ten o'clock the men have their fruit and sandwich intheir offlcos, and' attwo1 o'clock cry promptly, t.ho entire .household sits down to their four or flvo- courBc dinner. This and' the' family' supper at, eight pr nine o'clock nro tho Important meeting-times of the day. ''A later supper, uflor tho thetilre,'' is' often 'a' matter for tho restaurant, but tho dinner In', tlic 'afternoon is the homo meal of all Bucharest.. ? ? ' ' Tho evening Is given up to1 tho , theatre and dancing or cards';' — 'Torok.' tlio' na lionarga'nie, Is-plnyocl- by every lady for inonoy, ,'juirl ?\iminoy. find more nioiiby. nucliarefiljs'awerilthy city and tho**mbnoy mnlcprB arc'liiviah supudoi'H. and think f.holr' bountiful partners' .should bo dncouragod1 in every form ' of- unuisomont us well 'iis, In ovory mat hod of spending inonoy ,1'or the enhancomont of ..tholr. ' good -; looks. Tho shops nro crowdod between eleven and ono o'clockr-'nnd, nUhougli, tlioy are excel lent, the fashion Ica'dora make soml-nnnual trips to Paris' for' the latest modish touch. 'A'TOPUL.VR PRINCESS. ' Now that Queen Elizabeth Is ciecplng further and further Into the background, Prlnre&H; Mnrln. wlfn nr 'Pt'liwm ir.ii- rii»i...ri N becoming, more prominent. Always a favourite, thl.H graclouK lady endears her Holf to tho people or her adopted homo on every possible occasion. She drosses In tho native costume, and, resplendent In lacos iintl Mohl-trlininoil ?HkirlH and chawlfl. prn fldei^fit fill i-H ji ml linllH, nilnglcH with Mho people in the most democratic' immner. and dunces as only a healthy, graceful young ^ woman can. But it is as a horsewoman \ that she flrst captivated the military loving Roumanians. T.'ill, as erect as the straight est officer of the Hussars, she sits her Ara bian mare like the true colonel that she is at present at every drill at the head of her own regiment, and gallops down the line, in review with the elan of Emperor Wil liam in his younger days. Possibly the Bucharest lady is the most proficient linguist in all the Balkans. She. insists' upon having an English governess for her children, often promising an extra maid for the exclusive use of the British teacher of. .manners. The ladies of Buch arest nro more slender than their fuller chested rivals of Budapest, and wear more jewels. They arc; most sprightly and take life more easily and more carelessly. PICTURESQUE PEASANTS. Like every other state in the Balkans, the peasant women of Roumanla are, after all, the picturesque feature of the land scape. Whether you 1111(1 them in the mar ket place, offering their delicious fruit from fresh green leaves, or on the village street, gaily decked out in innumerable, skirts and anronp. thev arc always a delight to the eye' Courteous, hospitable, and genuine ly glad to be of service, they form the bulk of the middle class that makes King Charles's province what it is. They line the market, ylacc from'-i to C in the morning, for they must return to the field and do their share of tho work with the men. In a community of several wo men one only stays at home, to take charge of tho children of all, cooking the dinner for the entire field force and:. bringing it to them promptly at the noon hour. This special service rotates between them, each woman taking hW part in the cooking and children ? tending*1'1 for a week's time. GREEK WOW ION OF SALONIKA, In Salonika the beautiful women are Grecian maids and matrons, who amuse themselves in tho little gardens .along the water-front. They dress in the latest Par isian fashions, have tall, straight figures, and carry themselves as if they were. well aware of their superior breeding. Tho most strikingly costumed women in tho town arc tho young Jewesses, 'who perpetuate up ~.» j l,A,,,iinl,rad flin {finnllnnl . rlrnKH Wnrn' ill Spain before Ihe persecution. Down the long vista ot time, from generation to gone ration, have been kept the bizarre Oiicn tal trilles of their great -grandmothers. On their heads arc worn the little red ftv., about, and over and under which arc twisted thick braids of fine,' silky hair. The usually worn zouave jacket is slashed open in front to show a glimpse of a fair white bosom , only partially covered with n thin white or motive or green transparency, glistening with liny snaiiglcs. For ornament nothing but pearls arc used — ropes of them twisted around the throat many times; tassels of them dropping on the bosom and tapping the nrotty shoulders, bound vup and fasten ed to green bands in clusters. The', size' and number of the pearls.-' worn 'givo'il Tulr idea of the relative importance of the maid on 'change. There is also a pale pensive- faced lady standing aloof, from tho rest. Her skin is purer, her hair finer, her cy-cs larger and moro dreamy than cither the Greek or the hoautll'ully garbed as the. other, but con fines her dress lo severe black.' Tho cut of It, is what attracts. It is, of the latest mode and exquisitely fitted.' Tho forearms arc bare and beautifully moulded. She may not' mix with tho Greek or the Jew. and much less with tho Moslem ladies, for she, is of the tribe of Deunmch,' the JcwMa honictan, tho would-bo miracle 'worker who failed. The present descendants, of Ihcsc ostracised people arc wealthy, well- born; and cultured. i Tho Turkish women of the jini-i arc never seen with their own husbands, or any ono else's, nnd go about the streets ill blacks or dark blues, with faces covered and voices fitlllcd. It Ir- as well thai they should, for those that aro Keen wlih veil lifted in the cars in Constantinople lire very fat, very black, with thick, protruding UpH, who sit 'cross-logged in their, compartment of tho cars, eternally smoking long and largo and strong cigarettes. , - -. ? THE ALBANIANS. ' ' . There in a saying among' Ibo Albanian women that Constantinople;' is the key of t.ho .Near East, and that. Albania Is. -the key oC Constantinople. The modem Alba nian is' a direct. descendant, of tho original Ba'lkuns, Alcxandor was a Macedonian, and nts , moiner wan uiympias, princess or. wpiT rus, which in in Southern Albania. Hero then in direct nroof that. -t,ho first Bnlktin woman was an Albanian. .As Alexander died 'Boino 000 or more yoars before Christ, the -Albanian maid.oC to-day tosses her. head vory 'high, when referring to her srights as the first lady of tho land.' As, a mattor of -fact, in 'no. other ot thc-Statcs is woman so, hardly pressed for first place. Sho is' sold' to .her afliahccd hufibuml when she 1b- In her cradle, and in never referred, to uh ajshlld of tho house. Like tho Chinese merchant of not so' -long 'ago, tho Albanian ftltli'or of to-day miym-Vi lmyo, lh'rea,clillt-; (Iran.' praise God. lindtwo diiughtors/liORven h'qlp, nio!' '. Ah soon as a' .daughter In - born, io unwilling parents, nho la', spoken for -by tho parents' of' some unfortunate' boy/ who musl, marry hqr on. yiiln of ii family .foud morr terrible thnn-.'any that, .liavo' ever- stir-'' rod the most licjltltjorcnt- of Southorn couu trl'oB. At birth tho parents' of Uie prospec . vWo .husband clinch the bargain by depos'-. ting, lii tho hands of ,th-? .'bride's' father half oC tho 'purchase price; which, among the merchants of a village, amounts', to about- £10,. and tho balance, an'othcr ' £ 10' at' tho -timo of the marriage. '? ,'.??' It Is no uncommon sight for a maid- to,1 .?foreswear married life, and. dannlu'g innn's attire, become n non to her- father rnl.hor' than marry the man select M for her, liv nb1 other way can n daughter of a Scittoroujo ' avoid the 'blood-feud' between her family, and that of the afl\nnccil bridegroom. t , TIIK AtONTENF.GRTXS. Tho c\i«loin of afliaucing 'no's soil' nt hirlli has run over into Monlcnegni. Ciootl King. Nicholas was wedded in accordance with ihej custom. Fortunately for him, his bride-to-bo i becumo ono of' tho greatest women of Iho | Near Kast. The marriage that was celebrated two months after the King's accession to tho throne, when the King made Milena Vauko t it-, daughter of a Montenegrin 'Voiyade,' or count, Queen over his realm, has been, the means of connecting his little corner of tho world with nearly all of tho great houses of Europe. Queen Milenu has presented her lord and king with nine feous- and' two daugh ters. Princess Hclcne is tho Queen of Italy : two others married grand dukes of Russia, and still a third became tho wife of ? Francis .lotepli, Prince oi ' ? Battenuerg ; Crown Prince Dalino ma tried the beautiful and talented Me litza, Duchefcs of.. Mecklenburg, and Prince Alirko did equally well by marrying the well beloved Nathalie, whose two sons, Prince Paul and Prince '.Michel, aro tho idols of their grandfather's heart. Ccttinje, tho home of this ancient and hon oured house, which dates back to 1-181, is the smallest capital on the map of Europe, Them is an old custom on New Year's Day that allows tho humbloht peasant to come to the palace, and, kissing tho' hand of his Sove reign, wish him 'Many happy returns of tho day!' Early in his reign Nicholas seated his Qiiot'n at his'right and » compelled all of his Mib'jeets to itUs her hand before they knelt to him. and this is but one pf many 'ways iii which this Bismarck of the Balkans has ele vatcd woman to the present position sho en joys in his tiny kingdom. Hi- has been known to call after tho postman from his kingly carriago for his newspaper, and ho has brought up his daughters to run and ride 'as well as any of my subjects.' Queen Victoria, often .suid that of all tlio princesses who came to visit liorthosu of 'littlo Montenegro wero tho best '' behaved, ' always adding, ''They must havea fine mother/' Nicholas's uncle, King Danilo, brought to his ? throna Darnika Kuecic, the daughter of a merchant of Trieste, as Montenegro's first queen. Cele brated for her brain and beauty, Queen Dar nikii wni a great influence for good to Nicho las. HAPPY HOME LIFE. Sofia, the home of the. former Prince, now King Ferdinand, has its principal street, named, for a.' woman, Maria Louisa, Ferdin and's Hr^t ''spouse 'and mother of . the heir to the throne, Prince Boris of Tirnova. The .influence mis I'riiiccss ot rarina. jcii; uc hind her will never be recognised by those in power '? to-day, but crops up at, every meeting of the Sohrangc, jit. . , .is ... seen in the. place held by women all through tho little king dom, and is expressed in the stupendous force with which the Bulgarians ore crush ing, their old fop, The Sick Man of Europe. .At the end of this Maria Louisa .street is an old' Turkish mosque, turned into a pub lic bath for women, another sign. of the times. Home life is an orderly thing all through Bulgaria. So precise arc the lead ers of households that, they malio regular inspection of every shelf, and woe betide the -maiden who neglects this essential lo her daily requirement of household duty. -.Tho family is always thought of by the Bulgarians. The husband goes to the cafe in the evening, but: with his entire retinue of wife and children. The pretty open air theatres, have seats and plays1 for the little tots, who sits at the tables and watch the play, drinking their glasses of light wine or boor. , Bulgarian women sit, upright in their chairs at', dress 'parade. There are no.rock ing ;ch!ijrs in the whole realm. Tho rugged women iivo'.out of doors and work in. the fields and tramp for miles in their bare feet — carrying their, boots on their shoulders, to be nut on when 'reaching tho city limits. Perhaps it is this very exercise that, gives to the. women of the Balkans the rcputu ,tlon of having the finest shaped limbs in nil Europe. Their ankles and wrists are- the , envy of all visitors, and tholr feet and 'hands are. almost Aiulalusinn in their sym metry. 'Women of Bulgaria are rated by the manner. in which .their linger nails are Kept. Kvon the men are most fastidious n bou I- their . bauds. ; Tl 115, CLEANLY SlOltVJ AN. ' '\\... Cleanliness is tho keynote of tho good look* .of tho Servian- womon. Servian peasantry pen tod ablutions. Jn tho hotels at .Belgrade — called .tho 'White City,' by tho way, from two Servian words, 'Beo' nud''grad' — your chumbbrinaid insists , upon helping ' you with your ablutions. She holds tho jug from which issues tho clearest of' .sparkling water, which oho skilfully pours ovor your hands, telling you, meanwhile, . that no clean gentle man will put his hands into a bowl, and wipes your fingers with tho whitest of towels. Lunch with a. f armor oui; in the countrv. nnd tho first act of., sorvico will bo by tho pretty daughter of your host, who, with ' jug and soap 'and towel, loads you out into t.ho open, ? where bho. pours and wipes in silenco, receiv ing your ./'Hvola'1 (,'Tluink you') with nu other reply save a pretty smile. '', Slio invariably has smooth, glossy hair, andr great big, clour eyes shaded with long Inshos; licr complexion will rival llio bost injingland, and her checks aro us free frforii paint, and 'powder as thoso of tho 'Roumuniaii 'maiden .. ? r..ii r ji. ? i«ti .. ?? 't .*?«''' '',?¥*. i iuo inn ui i/iiuiu. wjioji i\\.mg i/ctcr was' a young man lie served under King Nicholas of ?jMontenogro, and, falling in lovo ,with his .iiandfciomo 'daughter, Princess ,'Zorka, carried hor ulf with him to his adjoining homo across .tho 'border— «? slight to tho beauties of his | .own homo country never ' forgotten by tho would-bo sweethearts of tho young prince. -, Servian women carry tho matter of por,sonill 'olcanlinoss overt to the matter and manner of .their markets, .Just outside tho cily of'Tiol gr'ntlo, instead of ' in a. long stroot, as * is' usual in those towns of Southorn Europe' is a., lovely prove. Hore, under iho ' trees, nnd Spread out on tho groen,,f;rasH, aro tho wares iof'-tlm peasant womon.-' Near' by them .is 'n tiny stream;' and ovorywho'ro about thorn are singing-birds. Tho trees sluulo ' thoir 'fnv.h huttei'und berries, {lioir cakes and jollies, ami they ' ?'(i'rovf red from, the dust and ilirVuf tl.o ordinary mnrlcct pJaco. . . , . ;.'. .,, THE, ATHENIAN MATRONS. . The gainst Jiows from 'tlio sent' of .war tolls of 'the -efforts mado by.Queon Olga of Gropoo arid' hor ,-priiicossos lo ntom- tho, tido of ? dm pa«io;nml clohtli. niiuniK tho wounded' Atho'ni- aiis, Cultiiro, rciriuomoiit, good tnsto and' lovo ol' ii rt in' all its forms aro not ? tlio oa'y'' specialities of thebo l{usfco-Groeksf the weal thiest of all the women of. . tho peninsula. Princess Sophie, tho sister of Kaiser Williclni. is the «nly spitfire of tho little company, and even she, is a- good mother and a lover of wo men for their own sake. Tho direct' nnitlteiiie of their picasurc-luving sisters of Bucharebt, theso women of the south urn never asshamed lo bo clnssetl with tho women of the Balkans. 