AUSTRALIAN BUTTER. The High Commissioner has directed a great deal of attention to the London market methods of dealing with Aus tralian butter, by re-stating in an offi- cial report a number of ugly facts which have been stated many times before. The producers have often been io Id about the intricacies of the butter market. They have heard over and over again that Australians who have visited Great Britain have been unable to ilud anything there under the name of Australian butter, and that the British consumers, for the most part, had never heard of it. But the -pro ducers have been content to let things tdide, partly because they have found 1 1 1 o business too complicated to master, and partly because they have made so mm ch money out of butter since the in troduction of the co-operative faory system, that they do not -feel inclined to trouble about affairs on the other Mde of the world. Prices on the whole have been satisfactory for years, and the farmer has cared little how those prices are ' obtained. But the time has come when be should take more than a passing interest. The butter export business has as sumed big proportions and is still grow ing. There is yet unlimited scope. This country can turn out/ in ever-in- f reasiug quantities butter which will compare more than favorably with the best in the world, and upon whose Quality a reputation may be built up. Why, then, should the producers, for they are the people who, after all are the most directly concerned, be the. sport of the butter faker, the specula tor, and the market rigger? The managers Of the biggest of the. co- operative concerns have objected to Sir George Reid's statement : as to the way the prices are fixed in London. With this exception they agree gener-: filly with the report, but object to the recommendations. Their objections, to grade-stamping are not new. They contend, when reminded of the advan tages to New gfraiima of grade-stamp- thg, that those adwanto;|i|HOTie pn|y pot sold- t -W buttinr 'Z, 01 Australian batter is gold oa M4 grade-stamping, frank- i nw f Se8that he knows nothing Th» tlsl1 end of business. .. _.,,S a Plty- he could speak ot ! with as much authority as he fan ' I speak of the production and packing I a course of action that might clrcum- ; | vent some of the chicanery at the other ; end might be more easily decided upon, j plain words, the butter business in j England seems to be as "fishy" as it ! j was in Melbourne before the days' of jthe Butter Commission. The Min- ister for External Affairs, who j is anxious "to t do something, ; might do worse than to take j the opportunity of sending Mr Crowe j to England, to inquire into the whole j I business, in conjunction with the High i , Commissioner's office. There is no doubt his rei|QEfc.i Wtouidf a valuable guide tQj; It seems, hbvever, that the rectmWienda- tions ofc t|ie ftobtbhfifesTolI with regard tomarket methods, par- ticular beVTQlppihf Sir George Roid's gk&ef; pAmgal of them may also assist the Minister. In the meantime the High Commis sioner's recommendations regarding propaganda work demand considera tion. Australian butter, as such, is not known to the British consumer, be cause the bulk of it reaches him in different forms and under different names, after having passed through the hands of the "fakers." It is said in defence of the blenders, that Aus tralian butter, good as it Is, would not find ready acceptance, in the form in which it arrives. Well, taste has to be considered. Some time ago one of the biggest tea mien In the world en deavored to find an Australian, market but failed, because he could not suit the Australian taste. The Britisher, it seems, likes either a butter that is highly colored, and will spread easily, or he prefers a cheap mixture, In the manufacture of which Australian but ter is largely employed. If it is really the case that the form of the butter has to be altered after it comes out of the ship's refrigerator, in order to suit British requirements, could not the necessary manipulation be done by the representatives of Australian interests? But, apart from that, what seems to be most necessary Is judicious advertis ing. By that is meant a sound busi nesslike effort to educate the public, not in the matter of taste, but to make it generally known and understood that there is such a thing as Australian butter, sold throughout England in large quantities. As the High Com missioner puts it: — "If factory butter from Denmark, New Zealand, and Ire land can be sold by the grocer as finest Danish, best New Zealand, or choicest Irish, and command a high price, why should Australian butter not be sold on its merits?" He says the reason it Is not done is because the Australian producers have made no effort to place their butter on the market as Aus tral inn produce, and to have it identi fied as such. The necessity for so doing has Irrr, "fit(iC, , ou' Perhaps .M!elghL ijjSSjwioner's re port wjai$ks!ie ifWiie effect. \ /The Year--At It may«4 the cyni- cal poet remarked jaLwOmen, most have- no character at all. Now and again in the course of the centuries, there comes a twelvemonth of which it is permissible to write as Dryden did of 1(566 "Annus . Mirabilis"— wonderful ; year! But 1912 is not, from the Aus- tralian standpoint, at any rate, of that class It has added something to "the lumber of six thousand years," some- j thing to such solid gain as they have brought, but its happenings have been prosaic. At the end of last year the local .Cassandras were foretelling, dire disaster, drought was at hand, and, putting a finishing touch to the mischief wrought by private and pub lic extravagance, was to make an end of our seeming prosperity. As a mat ter of fact what the croakers were nleased to calf the bubble still glit ters The people who were to have been clothed in sackcloth and ashes are on the shores of the Bay or. the slopes of the mountains, in natty suits an a dainty dresses. For the croaker there is to-morrow. On the other . hand, the wonderful things which the opti mist declared the politician was about ta'do for Melbourne remain pndone. filter Melbourne is Still a dream, the ; penny section Is yet but' an especta- :;ti0pi3gasci8 cheap,as of yore, only When vBjamerifc sits, f The electri fication of the railways has been de cided mi, so from the civic point of view, 1912 has not utterly failed. The State has gained immigrants, not ex actly the class hoped for, but despite that the year has' marked a distinct turn in the direction taken, by the vast stream of "men and women ever flow ing from Great Britain. Turning to the Commonwealth, : some distinct grounds for mutual gratulatlon are ob vious. Australia has made rapid strides In the matter of defence. Our much maligned lads have shown that they are worthy of their sires, and that if ever an enemy comes he will find a foeman worthy of his steel. Then too, there has been an advance in what at first glance may seem the opposite direction. Much has been done by the granting of the maternity, bonus and the liberalising of the pension system to increase the sum of national happi ness. The party politicians may- differ as to the exact way in which help should be .given to the moraers and to the sick or aged, but they were practically unanimous 1 in supporting some more generous scheme than was in vogue a year ago. But different as the two steps taken seem, defence and humanitarian grants are simply out comes of Australia's great and grow ing wealth. We are rich, and the gen eral inclination is to spend the national wealth wisely, to defend it vigorously. 