CURRENT ' NEWS, WEATRHEMR FORfECAST. The following forecast for New South Wales was issued ~.sterday by the Com monwealth Mdteorgoioglt .--Generally .loe. ex'cept for'r.Dh ert t rttrd. showers south of the Murrumbidgee River. Weset to south-wcstwinds. StI .squally in:the south-cast. John Murphy, 20 yaenirod age a ,ola bourer, of Pyrmont-stfrotet, Pyrmoat.r woas admitted to the Sydney HMslitail.on Sat urday night, suffering from severe scalp wounds. Murphy declared tlhat he had been assaulted by a number of men. In connection' wi?~.th..the appointmentb of members of the NewSouth Wales Miiers' Accident Relief Fund, the Minister for Mines, Mr. Edden, has ceclded to extend the time for receiving nominations of gentlemen for the position untUl the 29th instant. It is twelve months to-day since Cap tain Gates, of the Royal InniskFlling Dra goons, and one of the South Pole heroes,. walked out into the snow to die. Oates told his comrades that he was "going outside, and might be some time." That was the last seen o,.hlim. The work of effecting the necessary re pairs to the railway line on the northern breakwater, at .the entrance to the New castle harbour, 's stllt being proceeded with. Mod?t of the rails are being "taken up, and new oses substituted, while the ballasting is also.recciving attentiong. It is understood that an early start will be made with the extension of the break water, a sum of '£5000 having been mldo available for that purpose. Mr. Tudor, the. Minister for Customs, was recently sEked in iydney to remove the prohibition on the importatle.u of oxygonators or osydonors; an appliance designed and claimed to be serviceable in the cure of some diseases. A copy which he has received ce the "Journal of iho American dIolcal Association,' containing a vigorously written article on the appliance, ihas satisiled the Minister that it is sot ai artice which he should permit tu be imported. A meeting of the Newcastle Scottish Society was held 'at the Central Hotel ou taturday anfgbit. The election of officers for the current year resulted as follows:-Patron, A. E. Merewether chief, L. D. oiat; vice-chlefs, Messrs. Ross, Scott, and M'Millan; committee. MIessrs. Shedden, Duncan, Patrick, and Grant; honorary secretary Mr. Young; assistant honorhry secretary, MIr. Bow ers. It was decided to give effect to a resolution carried at the annual general meeting, the object being to attempt to bring about the consolidation of the two Scottish societies in Newcastle. Mr. Donald M'L~eod, an ex-employee of the Navigation Department, diedJ on Thursday night:last at the residerico of his son, Mr. Norman M'Leod, Dickson street, Lambton,: with whom he had been living latterly..'The late Mr. M'Leod re tired from the navigation cervice some three years ago, after twenty-Seven ::years' service. At the, time of his retirement he was second .osswalin of the lifeboat crew, and was. G2 years of age it his death. The ifun.ral took place on Satur day at Sandgate Cemibtery, and there was a large attendhlsCe, ol relatives and friends, including.m embers of the Ilfc boat crw,. whoq wore their uniforms. The pgillbearers were Mlessrs. P. Wallington, J. Ross, J. Scbtt, and W. Taylor. Mr, E. G. Oodiree,'nn Australian, has invented an automatic telephone toll re corder. It is a:most ingenious contriv :nec, and a thorough test of the device was made before a few cxperts and lay men last week in Melbourne. Undler the presenat methol of recording tolls the opcrator at the tclophone exchange redea crs the call mainhally, either by card snystem --n very cumbersome method-or by an electric.. meterinug device, which is operated by pressing a, button. These methods are open to error and manipu latIon. and calls may be debited to subscriber whether o' not one in In communieatlon . withi the exchange or an other r;suhcrrber.: It is claimed that tllhi sew device rct'lsters calls; willout the alid of lth ore:tsr; It is ol sonll dlmoen sions, and may b:e fitted ibehlud switch boaerds. ThoSe who saw tile invention rc ently--chliefly members of the .Melbourne Chamber o1 Commerce-were so favour. ably impresed.L.that they hrave decided to suggest to the Government that. the device should bo thoroughly tested with a view to using .it in.Vlctorla Tho Victorian Board of IIHealth Is pay ing spcleal aC:entlcu to the qucstlell of the ventllatiou of places of publio enter talunaent. Meombers of tile board last weel visited some of thie lleture balls ill .cibouirnet. anld in so0me illttaoes very Ihad conditions were disclosed. It in tlhe I.tention of the hoard to cxercli- its power; in the fullest degree. icd the tproirietors of the halls in whleh the cl'entlatlon is defective will either hlave ii. Improve matters or close llle bhildlng,. Two appropriation meetlngs "'cre hield in the Trades lall, Newcastle, onl Salur day night last in connection with the Nos. L and 3r St.Larr-Bowkctt s;ocietie.s. The No. 1 appropriation was by ballot, and was dravwn in favour of P. Itsamstford. of Syd ney, with four shares; Mrs. M. B. Rod gers. Newcastle. two shares; and Mrs. A. Bear. Cook's Illi, one share. The No. : appropriatlon was by sale. and realised as follows:-Seven shares at 1i 15s, and one share at E13 per share. At the close of No. 1 appropriation meeting, the fot lbwing members were nominated to fill he Fcspective -posltlons:--1cssro. D. Murray, trustee; B. M'Canu and EI. J. Brent, directors; and John Ewing, auditor. The attention of the Newcastle Coun cil has frequently been drawn to the state of Nobbys-road, at the cntrance to the little beach near the forts, but so far nothing has been done to improve matters. The position of the road com plained of la mostly tsed by drays en gaged in carting sand from the beach, and the traffic, being heavy, it naturally follows that thS surface of the road is considerably cut up. At the present time the dust is six: inches cep, and to keep it out of the houses In the vlcinity the residents are compelled to close all doors. One householder was been obliged to repair the roadway, with ;a vicew to keeping tile dust down. He says the nuis ance is becoming intolerable, and sue gests that another opening be made to the beach if the sand cannot be obtained elsowherec. r. A. hIeston. who is at present rc preecattativo in Sydney of the Queens land tourist bureau, 'had somothldig to say on atturdny concerning the name bestowed on the Federal Capital. Mr. Meston was for ten years protector of aborigines in Quecnsland. and ho. io' an o.eCnowledgceo aitihorlty bn the language of the nativee. Let said that "in naming tlho capital city the Federal Government apparently entirely ignored tie essential preliminany precaution of arsertainlng the aporiginal meaning of Canberra. wihieh ought to be spelled ianburra. as no Australian philologist ver spells an aboriginal word with the letter 'e': there being no 'c,' 'f,' 'v,' 'x,' or 'z' in tlhe language. .Kanberra. hle said, was not the name of the district, the aboriginals having no name for a district, naming only every hill, lagoon, creek, and vari oUs parts of tile creek; the word ICan berra in four different dialects--Kamil rot, Wlradfori3e, TValwun, and Aweabakal, being tile name of tie young Jackass. thI fully grown bird being Ifolsoburra. K n-uu bhrra and KIul-ugahka. This naming of the capital without first ascertaining the meaning would leave room for the ir reverent to refer to it as 'the 'Jackass city.''" Some wise remarkrs, appliclable equally to the Austrolim as to the Canadian bor rower, were made recently by thle presi dent of the'"Canadian Banic of Commerce. The speaker first devoted himself to con sidering the causes of Canada's rapid growti, and whether in the methods of its oexpansion there was anything that needed to be chectke. He polinted out that Canada's financial needs were mainly de termlned by the volume of immigration. After mentloning the remarkable fact that in the last two years Canada had added ten people to eachl 100 already there, and emphasising the country's great need of more railways, rolling stock, warehouse and pcrt facilities, roads, bridges and dwellings, etc., the president went on to sound the note of caution which he had set cut to give. He said that at this moment the borrowera throughout the world exceeded those wllose savings took the form of loanable capital. It was, therefore, for the country to consider not so much its needs, as the opinion of the investor regarding its scurities and the condition of the world's money market If the Canadians did this they must con eludtsoto.restrict, their building operations as.nmurhas,.possible' foi:thd tnomunt. and mushi?txpet 't6 :paoiif'olgll'errati"of in teirest-for their requleenienta. In particu la.oinmunicpalitles were warned against entering into contracts involving large ex ponditure before consulting the banks as to whether the necqssary capital could be raised. Ono of the most interesting addresses delivered before the annual congress of the Australian Natives' Association in Victoria, was that by Mr. H. R.. Mackay, Conservator of Forests in Victorla. Of all the great divisions of the globe, said Mr. Mackay, Australia has the smallest area of timber forest in proportion to her total land surface. Some statstics give our forest area at over ]00,000,000 acres.. or about 5 per cent. of the total land surface. but the trile forost area is less than A per cent. The forests are almost entirely confined to a great belt, with long irregular breaks at Intervals, which extends from 100 to 150 miles in width. and which generally follows the coastal line. On the Inland side of thsi narrow watershed and wooded belt .the. forest growth 'rapidly deteriorates towards the centre. It took the Americans 250 years to bring their great forests of .lrdwood and pine to the verge of destruction. But Australians, with the experience of the world before them. have taken only about 70 years to bring their forests -to the same condition of partial ruin. No steps were talken in the early hiatory of 1those States to delimit and sot aslda by law the best areas of natural forest, and as settlement proceeded the great Otway and Strozleelsi forests of Victoria were vir tuolly destroyed In the course of about thirty years. The plea that this kind of land was fit and necessary for settlement could not be truthfully advanced in many instances. After high mountain forests and tablelinds were thus occupied and stripped of their cover it was found that owing io tile heavy cost of 'clearlng antl 1-ho unfitness of tiho snil for cultivation. men could not support families on the land nwith comfort, and they' moved to the plains and river valleys. In many dis trivta of high elevation, one now wit ncssex the temporary clearings abandon ed ly |he original settlers being gradually invaded by a new forest growth. The question if fuel supplies is alwayo as anasious problem for. those who take long views into the future, and in this connection theo permanensce of the stores of natural pclcoleum has to be taloen in to consideration. In view of the tendency to substitute oil for coal as a fuel, the extent of the supplies of tile latter is a matter of extreme importance. In cre opcet of the .ltqUold product 0Professor V B. Lews recently stated in a public lc Lure that tile two great oil fields of Peon FYlvaia and "itUlco are already showing ligns of texhutron,. lie likened natur al ol fieldo to storagd rtanks, in hchlch havre aecumulatd the results of agOlt 01 ruatrl's ePforts to Lnusfacturo oil. oith ti possibhloity ofsehaursotio looming at least suoficlcntlh 110,-r to thresate a steady a!dvaee is prices in yoars to colme, oln maturally turns to means of artificially nnmufiaeturtng oil fuel. It has becr Idc monstraltcd that a onslderable quanulity :lf oil can he distilled from coal, but re nerves of thot psroduct, too, are beln teadlly depleted. o011 aonl also be dis tilled from wood, and present indlc:tlono favour the view that ultimately timber ,ill be grown for solid, liquid and gaecous fuels. Srofeosor Leweco also ponted out nothier poslle source of nil r iUloply, shlic does not seem to ave to ereceived Icoy nommercial attentlon, but wehich interests tim Ie-cause he belleves that much nea oral oil was folmed from ceaw\\.cd anrd other marine organisms. Nearly stee'l ;alison of oil haa been distilled from a tono of ommonl scweed, aod one rusy yet find a commroereial meolrs of olstateies oil 'ron this source. H voireosly icsdowini as i Aouctralha I~y nlistre, so frrli o l iaybhlii trrpottldos of li,-irohulol oil hove vet] bel: ttscovorl-d iii this par of ilhw aorhl. 'Th" cllcl knoron sollreco of co rely alre hicoli 0 ist re and nlosre cotlrolled bY a liniltld number of people. with lihe inceitalbl re soit on prircs to the cousumor. t Unless means can lie found to eck.-'the predas tory tactiles of the various oil trusts, coal ond wood will remain the recogolsed fuel of Asttralsala. .Toseph Nolnn. a resident of arstrllfle, has reported to the Sydney police that s tie was entering tile Tivoll Thcnre o(Ill Saturday his I?ocket was pickled, the thief securing a purseC contalinig £5. Chun Foon. (.thinese gardner, wasn found lyoing dead in hile garden at Parrn nullti yesterdat.. Al examinatien1 showed that he ihad been shot In the chlest with a bullet fromn a suall.bore rule. Two younxg menI were detained ill connection witll the nrecltrrenee. It' is underotood that Mr. Flowers, MI.L.C., the Acting State Chief Socre tOnry. will ho prc;ent at the meeting which is to. be held at the Newcanstl Council clhrmbers to-morrow night to discucsi the question of the site for tile new general hiospitatl. An elderly lady. Marianne Thompson, was found dead yesterday morning in her room at the Toronto Hotel, where she had been boarding for the past twelve months. Dr. Hollywood, of West Maitland, who had been attending her for a number of years, stated that death was due to heart failure, and the coroner has dlspensed with an inquest. When the steamer Uhb'enar proceeded to sea at an early hour on Saturday morning a Iascar member of tbhe crew was missing. The steamer manchored in the Bight, and the captain came ashore in the tutg and reported the matter to the pollce. On Saturday afternoon Senior-constable Bell, of the water police, got the man at Smedmore, and hadl hin placed on board, and the steamer proceeded on her voyage to Singapore before live o'clock. Thle work at the artillery camp is now in ,full swing, and it is noted that the recruit gunners have applied themselve? to it with dluch kIeenncs and outhusl asm. Yesterday morning Captain Robhb, officer in charge of the camp, held an in speetlon, and expressed himself as Ilfghlv pleased with the turnout and the clenn'liness of the camp. church parade took place later in the day. the troops falling in by denominatlons. In the afternoon a manning parade was held between two land four o'clock. Mr. E. F"ly?n, pres'dont of the New castle and Northern District Naval and Military Association, has received from the War Offmc London, the late King Edward's medal, with t-wo clasps, and four clasps, to be worn with the lato Queen Victoria's mednal, for which hie applied in November last, on behalf of Mr. J. O. Christianson, a .member of the association, who served through the Boer War wtth the New South Wales Boushmen and other corps. The decora tions are to be publicly presented to M1r. Christlanson in the near future, proh ably at some function held In connec tion with the as~sociation. During the course of an interesting ad dress in connection with the Li'ingstonc centenary service in St. Andrew's Pres byterlan Church, Newcastle, last evening, the Rev, ?W. Grant Forsyth said that the Shedden family, of Newcastle, of which the Mayor of Newcastle is a member. were blood relations of the family of which the famous missionary and ex plorer was a member. Mr. Forsyth also said that he received a letter from Mr. E. Scott Holland. the town clerk of Now castle, in which hIc made reference Io the friendship which existed between his father and Dr. Llvinvstone. adding that he remembered as a boy sitting on the knee of the great missionary. The pharmacy of Mr. C J. It. Hart, in Hunter-stree:. Newcastle, was entered between closing time on Saturday night and yesterday morning, a1d1 the sum of £2 10s stolen from the cash register. r. r. Hart.hlarl occasion to go to. tile shllop yes- torday morning, andl found the drawror of the register open and tlhe compartments In wehicll he had loft the su1m0 named in silvrer empty. Other compartments con tamned a £1 note and a silver watch, but these were overlooked by the sthief. Entry had apparently been made througlh the front door. shich is a donblite one. On u trial being l a01e it was found that the door could the rsprong open and closedl eItheLut the aid of the khy of the Yale lotk. Mr. Hagelthorn, .he Victorian Minister controlling immigration, has hit upon a novel idea for advertising the resources of Victoria in Denmark. Some time ago he arranged with the proprietors of a Danish newspaper published in Melbourne to print a special issue containing articles specially written audl tnrnslated io;o Danish for thle department. It is pro posed to forward a large number of these papers to tile Victorian agent at Capen hagen for distribution in the country dis Itrictrs. This is being done with tie object of bringing under the notice of Danibsh agriculturists and farm worlkers the ad vantlages offered by Victoria to people with a practical knowledge of farming. The department is aware that thile Danish Government discourages emigration, and it has Ithrefore to be very guarded in the nmeothods adopted to induce Danes to come out to this country. It is thought that the circulation of a Danish paper publish ed here and containing articles concern ing-imnmigration will carry considerabllle weiglf., and lie a splendid medium for convincing Danish frmunner that they 0wohl" meet' with success if they decidedll to.learce their native heath. Mr. Iligel thorn is very keen on securing Danish farm workers, for evidences are not wanting that othecr fields than Great Brl tnis will have 'to lie exploited if the strelam of agricultural lubourers is to be maintained. Mr. Frank Foster, M.Ig.l for New England, il the course of an interyiew at Bathulrst on Saturday, was cxceed ingly optimistic regarding the Federal Labour party's prospects at the forth coming elections, "I am of opinion," Mr. Foster said, "that the Fisher Gov ernnment will return from the country with an Increased majority of at leasot six members. The appointment of Mr. Joseph Cook as leader of the Fuslon party will cannuse almost as great a debacle as did the formation of the fu slou itself. In Victoria I feel sure that the Labour party will retain every seat now held, and win at least three new ones. Mr. Deakin's seat at Ballarat is practically a certainty for Mr. M'GOrathl the Labour nominee. Mr. Carty Sal mon's electorate drops out under the re distribution, and Gramplans, held by Mr. Hans Ir-ine, will. I feel sure, be won by Labour; while Sir John Quick will prob ably go down at Bendlgo. In West Aus tralia it appears certain that Messrs. Hedges and Fowler will be beaten by Labour men, whilst BMr John Forrest will have the fight of his life. In Quoensland the tiftce Genate seats will go' to Labour. whilst in New South Wales the prospects of the Senate candidates are very bright. In the Renresentatlves, Ilawarra, now bold by Mr. Fuller, is prac tically certain to be lost by the Fuston ist party. Mesars. Cann (Nepean) and B?onnett (Werrlwa) will have hard fghts. but their prospects of retaining the seats for Labour are excellent." 