GENERAL CABLE NEWS. LONDON. June 29. Mr. Estill, the Port of London Authority's commercial superintendent, will visit Australia and New Zealand in September to explain the facilities already afforded for the rapid and economical handling of products. The death is announced of the Very Rev. James Cameron Lees, D.D., Chppln,n-ln- Ordi nary to the King in Scotland. The King and several members of the Royal family bade farewell to President Poincare at Victoria railway station when he set out on his return journey to France this morning. A select committee of the House of Commons has been appointed to consider the procedure in connection with public business. In regard to the recent robbery of a heavily ironed box containing property valued at £4000 from a cloakroom in King's Cross railway station, Joseph James, a dealer, has been sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment, and Charles Sohrlefer, a clerk, to 12 months' imprisonment. \- Theresa Mary Doughty Tichborne, who is charged with threatening to kill Miss Denise Greville,, prior to her marriage with Sir Joseph Tichborne, was further remanded on bail at the police court to-day. Mr. H. Deane, son of Mr. H. Deane, Engineer-in-Chief of the Federal Railways, has been appointed out of 81 applicants Chief assistant Engineer to the Port of London Authority. William Russell, one of the principals in the Birmingham bucket shop" frauds, has been sentenced to five years' penal servitude. Out of £47,000 obtained from the public only £20,000 was returned. The trustees of the Felton bequest have purchased for the Melbourne Art Gallery W. McTaggart's Lobster Fishers," for £100. It is understood that the Government will acquiesce in the Marconi company repudiat- ing the existing contract for the erection of wireless stations in the Imperial chain, and will proceed to negotiate a fresh contract. Three thousand colonial visitors have accepted the invitation of Captain J. Boyd Carpenter and Mrs. Carpenter to a reception in honour of the High Commissioner and Agents General. The three men, James, Sherman, and Fell, who were arrested in connection with the recent robbery at Berkeley Hotel, Piccadilly, have been committed for trial. Applegarth ran 150 yards at Cardiff yesterday in 14 2-5s, which constitutes a world's record. ROME, June 21, A severe earthquake has been experienced in Southern Italy. Much damage has been done to buildings, and a number of people have been injured in the province of Cosenza. The severest shocks were felt at Gravina and Raglan. , , BERLIN, June 27. Great Britain is negotiating for the purchase of the new Unger airship, which is the fastest in the world and is more rigid than the Zeppelin airships. Signor Marconi withdrew his action for libel on the "Die Welt am Montage" repudiating its statement that Signor Marconi had testified before one Commission of Inquiry that his company IIBB sought to make money out of the Titanic disaster. BALTIMORE, June 28. The British steamer Wyneric, laden with dynamite, and bound for Guayaquil, is missing. She called at Barbadoes on April 15, but has not been heard of since. It is feared that an explosion has occurred, resulting in the loss of the vessel. MONTREAL, June 27. Jack Johnson, who has come to Montreal, in spite of the fact that he was only released on ball in the United States, possesses a through ticket to France, and in consequence of this the immigration authorities are unable to prevent him from leaving the country. He intends to sail on Monday. PARIS, June 27. The Union Cold Storage Company's refrigerated store at Havre is to be completed in December. COPENHAGEN, June 28. A company has been formed to establish wireless communication between Denmark and' the Danish West Indies, via Greenland and Canada. The Poulsen system is to be used. CONSTANTINOPLE, June 28. The execution of the conspirators during the week has created an unfavourable impression. The evidence against David Walsh is regarded as having been of the most flimsy description. The prisoners were not permitted to call witnesses, nor were they allowed to have advocates. VANCOUVER, June 27. Recently a number of policewomen were appointed in Seattle, and now San Francisco is following suit. In the latter city 360 women applied for the three vacancies. The civic authorities are generally satisfied with the women's work in those cities where the system is in force. SALONIKA, June 27. A combined force of Russian, Greek, and Bulgarian troops has landed at Mount Athos, where some heretical monks occupy a Russian monastery in defence of the authority of the Church, and 