ECHOES NEAR AND FAR, Tho King has approved of tho site and plans of tho King Edward VII. memorial to bo erected in Sydney. » * . ? ? Bangalow show committee oxp'ects to closo the year with, a p.rofit of £110 notwithstanding tho had wea tlmr at. the show. ''''^-^ . 9 ? ? f * Butter production in New Zealand has increased by 8 par cent over last year, and cheese has shown' as much as a 23 per cent, increase. ? * ? ? The Liberal Leagues in the Mul lumbiiriby portion of Byron elector ate are arranging a series of inter district debates on Questions of the day. Tho fanners of California are com bining to prevent Japanese from holding real estate, and threaten to drive them out by force if the State Legislature fails to act. ? * ? ? 'Golden offering' day in connec tion with the llullumbirnby Methp dist Church last Sunday resulted in an offertory of £60, being cc local record. ? ? ?? ? In New South Wales last year 1100 persons died of tuberculosis of the lungs, 1205 people died of can cer, and 1677 people died of organic diseases of the' heart. '*' ? . '?' .- '?*.'. --??' *.'.?' * -: ^Surveyor Cowtlery estimates tKe total railway distance from Casino .to Brisbane via Murwillunrbah and Tweed Heads is 167 miles, and via Kyogle and Beaudesert 117 miles. ' » c o 3 Said that in a recent batch of im migrants wh,o landed in Sydney there are seven noted suffragettes in disguise. They are in ample time to liven up the Federal and. State elec tions. V Mr. . E. A. Schneider, a pioneer of the Coff's Plarbbur district, was rol ling a log on to a truck, when: it slipped, and, falling on 'hlirJ, ' killed .iiinv instantly. '; He : leaves a widow ?and-, th,ree children. . , . - ? .:???'???.??'?;??.'.??' ??'?? ? * .'?'???? ?''? ' ' AM named .Nation, son of the ?overseer of Boblcarrol station, was standing on the verandah of their house at Wee AVa-a during a heavy storm, when a flash of-lightning struck him' dead'. _-;/«? ?;- : -# ? ; -« ' ?? ? ? VOICE— THROAT— LUNGS. ; No better rjiedicine than 'BON; NINSTDN'S h IRISH MOSS.' Strengthens the voice, eases the throat, builds . up the lungs. Please see that you get 'BONNINGTON'S.' ? . : „?? .?? .- ??:? :*..?.«'. ? . Tho -Uppers Hunter Pastures Pro -,tection'Board has decided to seek the co-operation of other boards in the ??.; State for the purpose of devising som/3 means of combating the gross ! hopper. plagjiR. * I * 'Edgar 'Albert Edmunds, wh,o was 'icoirfmitted by the coroner on a 'charge of arson in connection with the ' oxplosion in an Oxford- street (Sydney) chemist's shop, has receiv a i. v s'i jViiciii'A s~ vr, aU s; ' sizo -34 :sry 3 'j- ? ! 'ed an -intimation' from tho SoliiAUn '.Gerieral th,at he declined to prosecute in 'the case. ? ? ? * ? The Grafton chomists have decided to close their pharmacies^ at 8.30 each evening, and 1 p.m'. on Wed/ nesdays after 1st April. On Sun days they remain open from 9.30 a.m. to 1, and from .7 to 8 p.m. On holidays tho same hours as Sundays -will be observed. * * * . * lAnother development in connection ?with the death of Snowy Fulton, a Sydney pugilist', Hook place on Sat urday last, when detectives went _to a motor garage- and anrested a. young man. Subsequently Wm. Nor man Nichol, aged 24, was brought before the court and' remanded on a charge of felonous.ly murdering Ful ton. Bail was refused. » W ' A purveyor of snakebite antidote advertises in a Lismore paper that ho, personally, has been bitten 481 times by. venomous snakes (death adder 13, black 300, brown 63, tiger .'30, etc., and including bites by ad ders on both lips, both ears, and one cheeki),' and has been cured 481 times. It is just as well to be exact. The odd one would maKc all the differ ence. CUBED A CROUPY COUGH. 'My little girl Myrtle, aged four years,- had a hard cough with real .croupy sound,' writes Mr. II. Cordes, of Cromwell, N.Z. 'Mr. 'Hotop recommended me to try Cnain 'berlain's Cough Remedy, which I did. After three or four doses all signs pi rcroupiness disappeared and the child i-was soon well. My wife and I are . -more than pleased with Chamber ? .Jain's Cough Remedy.' Sold by J. '.J. Enright, Casino; Wm. Halloy, SiKyogle, and all dealers in medicine. v'/V^;.1,' « ? ' ? ' ? 'A plofto Kill the new President of -?'Mexico has been discovered. A num ber of palace guards were arrested for complicity. Martial law exists in Mexico City. A refugee from Mexico j/Uty declares that ex-President Mad ero' and his deputy, Saurez, were de libbr ^toly murdered, tho latter be . ^ rottled, and not shot. The of ficer a&-8erts that JIadero's wife heard of tne plot and went to the American . M^^ador for interven tion, but ho refused l° '^erfere. An extraordii^i' tragedy , has oc curred at Kieff. - Hehoolboy named LarinoK asked g schoolgirl named Shokhin to marry ?»?*?. but Colonel G'lukhovtzeff, a Irlen^ ot t-10 Birj persuaded her to reject' ,th,c pu-opoaal. Larinoff, believing thatf ^lukh°JTlt zefl-was his rival in lov*. stoMbod him, to death, in his hound- Ho tne« 'proceeded to tho girl's .bouse, iind fatally stabbed her. Laa-inolf ,iws pursued by tho police, but committed suicide in the street by shooting himself with a revolver. ? ? ? ? ? * Confirmation of the statement made by tho Minister of Customs that since tho moisture standard was increased cases of excessive water in butter tor export lmve be come more .numorous, seems to be given by a return published by tho 'Customs Department. Tho (return shows that 41. cases were recently . dealt will), and 24 of tho complaints were on tho ground of excessive mois -. .tu.ro. Flnca of firoin £1 10s to £8 10s was imposed.' The majority of tho cases being against firms in New South Wales. In the height of a wild storm at Ponrith the roof of a Btoro wfs lift ed and flung bodily agadnst a woman engaged in hanging out clothes in her yawl. She escapod, only suffering from shock. \ In a case in which, a man was charged at Broken Hill with threat ening to kill his wife, evidence was given, that three other .members of the same family had boon confined in asylums. Peter ICeough, aged 00, who came from tho Taralgn. district, died in tho Goulburn Hospital from blood poisoning supervening on a bito from a bulldog which he was looking after for another man. The animal bit him on the arm. » — » ? ? A thief or thievea smartly 'took down' Mr. B. Bugdon, licensee ; of tho Coraki Hotel, for a case of whisky' on St. Patrick's night. Tho guilty parties evidently knew tho run of the place, for tho case was taken out of the bar in the 'very early hours of the morning, about 2 or 3 o'clock, and no trace of it has been found since. Fortunately a £5 note and two watches in the till wore left untouched. ? * ? ? ' RHEUMATISM IN BACK AND ' LEGS. , 'For several years I have suffered with rheumatism in tho back and legs,'1 writes Mr. H. C. Philps, store keeper, Dutton, S.A., 'and have found Chamberlain's Pain Balm tho only thing that will relieve me. I have found if a most effective euro for all aches and pains. My family always use it for neuralgia and sprains.' Sold by J. J. Enright, Casino ; Wm. Halley, Kyo≤ ; and all dealers in medicine. See Chin, a Hambledon (Q.) celes tial, is said to.be the biggest cane grower in Australia. His area under cultivation is 800 gcres, and on an average 50 men are employed all the year round. Here is his record of the last four years— 1909, 8300 tons of cane ; 1910, 9900 tons ; 1911, 5000 tons ; 1912, 7400 tons. This year the crop is great in promise, and a yield of 1'8,000 tons is expected ; this from 800 acres under. cane. The variation intonnage is due to: disease and other: causes each' year. , ?'?.'??'? ' ? * ?? ????»'?? ?' The United States Government has ordered , 500 rifles; of a new model, from the Colt Company, with the object of testing their efficiency as a service weapon. These remarkable rifles, it is stated, are capable of discharging 652 shots in a miinute. They are a little heavier than the ordinary arms, and will enable a few men to do the work of a com pany. The rapid discharge of bullets . is effected by meansi of a series of automatic magazines, each contain ing thirty rounds. ? * * ? The sanitary. foe collector of one of the shires recently ,- in , doing his monthly round, called upon a cer tain' old ltdy for the amount of - the fees duo. On .being asked what his business might bo, the dear old lady iLuv-uiir&w;**. ?«_* ? t ^ v was of course lnionned that he .-al ' collecting sanitary fees. What was the surprise of the collector when he was informed with much emphasis that she would not subscribe ariy 'th,ing, and further that she did not intend to subscribe to any thing more in the future. Alter some difficulty tho collector succeeded in making it plain what his errand was, where upon' the amount was promptly paid. ? ♦ ' ?' » The Randwick poundkoeper, Mr. John Hill, died recently, and at the last meeting of the local council tho Mayor presented a minute stating that he had temporarily appointed the 'daughter of the late ppundkeep or to the position., „ and asked tho council 'to ratify the appointment folr tho time being. Alderman Gilder thorpe.i in m,oving the adoption of the recommendation, said that the late John Elill had been a very old man, in fact, he was ? 94 when ho died ; and for many years Miss Hill had acted as poundReeper, and had carried out tho duties 'to tho entire satisfaction -of the council.. Alder man Boag seconded the minute, which was carried. '*? ? » ? ? Mr. J. Martin, of Teven, addressed the Ballina Labour League in sup port of his p'ropostal for a bonus on butter similar to ' that' paid to., tho sugar industry, in order that dairy men be better enaibled to pay the in creased wages demanded^ by tho Rural Workers' Union. His proposal was that the Government should, by a bonuti, make g'ood to the dairymen th,e difference in price on tho London market between Australian butter on tho one hand and its Danish and Si berian competitors on the other. The cost of labour in Siberia and - Den n\ark was below the Australian aver age. If the Australian butter pro ducer got a .quarter of tho bonus paid to the sugar-grower it should meet tho .case. _ ? ? ? ? 'Ye Gods !' ejaculates an ex change. 'Only one native- born Aus tralian took part in tho Federal cap ital celebrations,- Mr. Bico, of South Australia. All tho imposing person ages at tho ceremony were born out side Australia. Lord Denman, An drew Fisher, King ' O'Malley, Billy Hughes, and Jim McGowen, were all born abroad. The horses of the vis itors and tho mounted regiment, and tho sheep grazing in the neighbour hood aro about tho only Australians who were concerned ; except tho un named bloko of 'uhp'repossessing ap pearance' who insisted on being pre sented to the Governor-General, and had his wish gratified. One feels thankful for that Moke. But for his presence the contingent might have forgotten that tho city was an Aus tralian city at all.' » * « ? A rather serious situarion has arisen in connection with tho admin istration of shire councils employing road-malcing plants in the Wagga district. These plants, worked by a traction engine, move about tho country roads during the summer' months. Recently p.lants owned by tho Mitchell Shire were responsible for two outbreaks of bush fires, whicli destroyed a quantity of gross and foncing. Liability was admitted, Tho workmen stato that tho fires were caused by sparKj, from tho en gine on J. McGrath's property, and also John James' Eunonyharennylin Estate. Coiincillors regard the situ ation as serious, because carelessness on tho part of tho road gang might involvo tho councils in heavy loss, whicli would require only a couple of claims each year to reduce tho fin ances to the vanishing point. Minister for Works Griffith lashed out at his Trades Hall 'bosses' last week with smashing effect. He said : 'I have heard more cold-biiooded ly ing from men witivin our movement during tho last few weeks than in the whole twenty years I have 'j'lKsn in it. Men who were our most mn.lien-int enemies when our movement was weak, and who only crawled into it when they snw it could help them, aro now posing as the guai'c'iaKS of ita purity and making lying ??I'argos against th,e men who built it up.' * * * # A prisoner who has just completed a term in the Bathurst Gaol return ed to Sydney with a startling story concerning the young immigrant Al fred .Smith, the masked burglar, who was sentenced to life imprisonment last year. Since his removal to Bath urst Smith lias given the authorities a deal of trouble. Recently he en gineered a' plan for h,is escape, and would have succeeded in regaining his liberty but far the timely arrival of a warder. Smith almost cleared tho walls before his absence from tho coll was noticed, and it is stated that a determined fight tooE placo before he was re-captured. For some time past there has been an impression throughout New Zea land that, though tho sKull of tho farrJous stallion Musket was in tho possession of a . Papakiira resident, the sHn of that celebrity had been destroyed by attacks of rodents. This does not prove to bo the case, for quite recently Mr. E'. S. Abra ham, a Manawatu sportsman, an nounced that Musket's skin hangs in his hall at Palmerston Notrth in a good state of preservation. It came j into Mr. Abraham's hands through his brother-in-law, the late James Philsqn, who purchased tho skin when the Auckland Racing Club had not the sense to acojuiro it. ... * . ♦ ? .?».''.. Rev. H. Loceby Cecil, Vicar of ] Werribeo (Victoria), writing to the ! 'Church Standard,' wishes, to warn the clergy generally against a person who has been imposing on the clergy of Melbourne and suburbs,, and Gee long. Mr. Cecil describes' him as 'fairly good-looking, round-faced, clean shaven, about oft Sin or 5ft 9in in height, weight about list. well dressed and fair performer on pipe organ or piano.' Ho has an in timate knowledge of church services and music, and professes to have many friends (whom: ho named) ? in the musical profession and among tho clorgy. Ho passes by several names, and has successfully imposed on Roman Catholic and Anglican clergy and then borrowed money on various pretexts. ? * ? ? * On th,o new'iNorth Coast line it is imply astounding tho amount of ~ ^Uj^ejs^crossing over it. Ever lc '' '*? — .-V^ol.li .the passenger since tho opening i7- ?-?.-?::?;-.?._?-.-...?.._ and goods traffic has been moro'inaiV.' expected (says the Dungog 'Tele- graph'), and last.woek it was -phe-, homenal. A visit to the station any day this weelc and to see^ tho trav ellers was an interesting spectacle. There were persons travelling who fyul: never been aboard a train', and: their faces beamed with excitement, and as the train steams into the platform, a line of faces, some well aged and rough, others of more ten der years protruded from the win dows ; but mostly all were those who had never done a railway trip before. * * ? '* Tho actual work in connection with thof'Federal Capital is^now in full swing. There are about sixty men employed, and an additional 50 will bo put on in ,th° course o£ a '. few days. The railway line will stop at the capital for .tho time being, biit will .?eventually be continued to Yass. It is expected that under favourable conditions the lino will taTcbhip.leted in eight months. The Minister :.- has. completed arrangements, with the Government of New South Wales, un der whicli tho construction of the line is being undertaken by tho 'State' Public Works Department on a 5 per cent, basis. That is to say, ?the' de-' partment finds all plant, etc., '??fand engineers' supervision, clerical ?;, arid other work, and is reimbursed ; tho outlay on wages and materialj- vtb-. gcther with 5 per cent, on the ;e.\ 'penditure, to cover' tho value of the use of the plant, etc. Itvwiil, when completed, provide an economical and expeditious meana of transport of material to the city, as well as for the conveyance of- passengers. ? ? ' ? ' ;— .. *,?? ?!; '' The Rev. Marion Capps, . a Metho dist minister .of Fort Smith, Ar kansas, has been convicted and sen tenced to death on a charge of hav ing burned to death his throe mo therless children. Tho uvitience against Capps was that ho tied his five children to a bod that ho had previously soaked with kcroseno, and then sot a match to the sheets. Two of tho little ones perished in tho flames, and a third died after escap ing, from: the house. A boy of 15 and a girl of 14 recovered, and gave ovi denco against thoir father. Tho ac cused pleaded that he was awakened by the smell of fire, 'and found his children tied to tho - bod, but was forced to wait until tho flames burn ed through tho ropes before he could help thorn escape. Tho daughter's evi dence, however ,i was that just as 'she awoke she saw her father loaving tho room and heard him lock tho door behind him. Tho jury believed tho Tho 'Bulletin,' remarking upon tho flotation of tho newly-formed Coust al ' Tugs Co. for tho Northern Uivur service, says that this trado is do pendent upon tugs which aro Stato subsidised to tho extent of £8000 a year; The tugs also, of course, earn towago money. In return for this mibsidy tho Government docs not get 6il directly or indirectly. It seems that the timber peoplo furUi,or south are dissatisfied with the service* pro- vided, i and also can't seo whyv the rich subsidy should go to outsidcu'6. ITenco thoy have put up £10,000 t(V buy' a few tugs which will cut for' th,o Governmont contracts. Then tho peoplo already in the trado will con trol tho tugs, pocket tho subsidies, plus tho towage, and, have a still firmer grip on the North Coast busi ness. It is a good move, and- tho wonder is that it was not put in train long ago. Still it is a gjroator wonder that tho Government doesn't run its own tugs instoad of heavily subisidising somebody else's. A Bill has been introduced into the Ohio State Legislature to prescribo the' fashions to bo worn throughout the State. It is proposed to limit tlio lowness of decollotto dresses and to prevent the skin showing through tho laco. The Bill also prohibits stores from displaying undraped figures. ? * * * ? At the Goulbum Assizes, boforo Mr. Justice Sly, Wm. James pleaded not guilty to a charge of maliciously murdering Ralph A,lbert Cham.bors near Marulan. A verdict of man slaughter was returned, and accused was sentenced to nino months' hard labour. UP NIGHT AFTER NIGHT. 'When my children, Rita and Ebb ert, had croup I nas up night after night with them, and was quite worn out,' writes Mrs. Annie Tem plo. 111 AUlyert-stroot, Ifirunswick, Vic. 'I tried different medicines, but they did no good. Then, on the ad vice of a friend, I tried Chamber lain's Cough Remedy and it prcnved a God-send ;to me, for it gave them in stant relief.' Sold by J. J. En right,' Casino ; Wm. Halley, Kyo^lo, and all dealers in medicine. According to the 'Lancet,' a mar ried, woman was recently operated on nt the Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, when no fewer than 73 ordinary pins, 11 hair pins, and a small piece of steel were found in her intestines. The woman was unaMe to account for theiir prssence there, the only possible explanation being that for a considerable period she, during her sleep, had extracted a pin from her nightdress and swallowed it. The pa tient was said to be recovering. w * * * A disastrous fire broke out at Coonambile one day last week. The flames started in a building occupied by W. Lyttleton, dentist,- and A. T. JJlackett and Co., auctioneers. The place was totally destroyed, also the following business places :— W. Wat- ' son, hairdresser and billiard saloon; F. S. Harris, watchmaker ; Keddy Bros., auctioneers ; F. Broad, sad dler ; Thompson, auctioneer ; also a small bulk store, tho property of Bjodgkiinson ami Co. Good work was done in preventing the flames from spreading to Hodgkinson and Oo.'s store, which was ' carrying a' largo stock, and was only a few yards dis tant; The damage is estimated at ovor £5000. » * « * Owing to the prolonged spell of dry weather_m the first half of lost year, the prospects of the New South Wales wheat harvest of 1912-13 were for a lime very unfavourable, but a revised .estimate of the yield, . issued by Mr. J. B. Trivett, the State Gov ernment' Statistician, '.shows that not only was the total yield in excess of that of any previous year, but the aver:agrport- at?S'-ff^-^^.h^ ^ December last it was estimated ¥?* 227.000 acres would yield 24.305, 000 bushels.' As tho harvest proceed ed it became evident .that the esti mates of the farm'ers as to the yield of the crops hail been much to0 low, and from- later and much m.oro reli able data, it is now estimated that the total will be 28,552,000 bushels in excess o£ tho yield of the harvest recorded in tho State. The average yield this year was'13.8 bushels per acre, which: is: about 30 per cent, higher than the average' for the loot previous harvest. » * * * The ' courage displayed ' by four youths— tho brothers Wax -'(2), Swcetman, ' . and Spoechley-^during Sydney's recent violent storm, ia worthy of mention. When the. storm was- at its height Sweotman, who is only 17 years of age, swam' across Cook's River, from Wanstead, at it point whore ' tho ? river and ; Wooli Crook meet. Ait the time a fierce wind was blowing, alid tho stream, was running a banker. Notwithstanding tho fact that there was great danger, of losing his life, young Swcetman plunged into tho rushing wafers, and -after . a hard fight, reached the Tempo, side of the river safoly. Then ho secured a: boat, and with the as .sistancoi of the other boys succcedod ;in rescuing twenty-three persons who had been1 flooded out on Wanstead side of the stream. It is the inten tion of the . residents to take ateps to have the bravery of the iboys re cognised: . .'. .. JL « * ' # Mrs.- and the Misses Campbell, of 'G-arfield,' Oodrlngton, . who have spent the greater part of a lifetimo there, were farewelled last woek' by a great gathering of friends from all parts of tho Mid-Richmond. Motor boats, vehicles, and other weans of conveyance drew upwards of 200 visitors, and. tho old homestead pre sented quite an animated appear ance. During tho ovening the Rev. D. Finlayson, who had charge of the proceedings, referred to tho great services rendered to Presbytorianism by tho departing guests, and to tho iv.any acts of hospitality and gener osity which would for ever enshrino thoir memory in tho minds of peoplo near and far. Ho wished them a full measuro of happiness and prosperity in thoir now homo at Cainp.sio. Messrs. C. J. McRae, D. Cameron; and J. P. Stovons 'followed in sup port, after which Mrs. M. Cameron presented tho guests with a beautiful tea and- cofteo son-ice, whicli had been liberally subscribed tar by a wido circle of frionds, in addition to which thoro was a silver chatelaine for Mrs. Campboll and a silver jewel case for each of the daughters. Mr. H. A. Campbell (Tntham) feelingly thanked tho donors for the hundnonio gifts and tho various speakers for thoir kindly expressions. For headache, biliousnoso, sour stomach, constipation, and all liver and stomach complaints, there is nothing like Oavanough's Hvor Tpni ;.? 