Mcnwimm—i immiia TinnniMiiv— fcr I HINTS TO PRODUCERS. by pecunia, faults in australian bacon. To ascertain where any faults have "been ap parent in some shipments to England of New South Wales bacon, it is useful (for Sussex- street dealers, and for pig misers, as well as for those who specialise as exporters of bacon, to note the terms of a report supplied to the Minister for Agriculture by the Agent-General; — "The 'quality "of 'New South Wales bacon is generally very good, thougih some of it Is still too heavily salted for the London market. The bacons from Ireland and Denmark, which realise the best prices here .(in London), are 1 only very lightly cured, and, of course, they have to be sold quickly in warm weather. There is no reason why Australian bacon should not be as lightly cured as Danish, seeing that it (the Australian) is brought here (to London) in refrigerated' chambers." demand for heavier meat. It is interesting to note that .recently the North Coast Co-operative Company, in the usual monthly report, urged farmers to send in heavier weight pigs. The demand for heavier bacon is on the up grade, which Mr. E. J. Shelton, in the "Agricultural Gazette of New South Wales," attributes to the increase in our population by immigrants from the United Kingdom, who have a taste for the heavier meat as cured at Home. -In general, the value of the two cuts in demand for ex port proved that the Wiltshire cut' is the most suitable, and next in importance comes the Cumberland cut. Tlje Danish bacon, that has always realised such bi-gh prices in London, does so more as a result of following these methods of - cutting up, and by great care and attention given to the curing and -get-up, than by anything else. bacon shipping temperature. One of the chief difficulties to contend with, in shipping New South Wales bacon abroad, is that the law enforces freezing before shipping; that is, it has to be carried at a temperature not more than 20deg Fah., and, of course, it has to be in the freezer a week to come down to this before the shipping companies will re ceive it. Were it possible to nave the meat carried at a temperature of 28deg Fah. to 30deg Fah., or even higher, and not frozen so much, the meat would arrive in a very much better state, and not have to undergo the thawing- out, which is the worst feature. To improve matters, it is pleasing to note that a report was recently published, stating that the Con-' troller of Customs had consented to an experi mental shipment being made of bacon to be carried at from 28deg Fah to 30deg Fah. This was to demonstrate the advisability of carry ing the meat at a temperature calculated to provide for 'its arrival in England in better condition than hitherto. smoking the bacon. The bacon shipped per T.M.S. Orama was green or Unsmoked, which, after arrival, had to be removed from the bales, dusted over with pea or lentil meal, and hung in the smoke-house for the required period of about 17 hours. The smoking material is oak saw-" dust. The manager of the Kyogle "Factory states that they are now able to treat a very much larger number of pigs than ever before, and fresh additions have been made to hiring the capacity of the factory "ii-p to the prospec tive requirements of the district. only for export. , It is necessary to emphasise the point that the bacon cure detailed in recent issues of the "Town and Country Journal" is . for export only, and must not on any account be used for the local trade. This is so because the meat is cured for quick sale .in a cold climate, whereas Australian bacon is usually cured for storing, and the' New South ivales climate is considerably warmer than that of England'. 