EASTERN AUSTRALASIA. ITEMS BY MAIL. The 'Hon. T. Fergus has acquired the Coronet Peak run, which is situated on the Crown Range, near Queenstown (N.Z) A recent visitor to Cobargo(onthe South Coast of N.S.W.) says that the "farmers I and rabbits in that district are working, the land on the halves, and the Cape weed has a mortgage on both." Mr. F. E. McKenzie, B.A., who has been selected ax the Wellington (N.Z.) candidate for this year's Rhodes Scholarship in the Dominion, is 22 years of age, and the son of Mr. Kenneth McKenzie, sheepfarmer, of Kimbolton. A young married man in Winton (N.Z.) was lined £5. with costs, for having failed to attend the annual training camp, not withstanding that he had put in a doctor's certificate with regard to his wife's health, and could not. therefore, leave home. The manager of the Lithgow (N.S.W.) Small Arms factory reported to the Minis ter for Defence that the delay in turning out riffles was caused by the fact :'hat men had to be trained for the work. Another difficulty was that mechanics could not be induced to live in Lithgow. The death has occurred at "Hopetoun," B!axland- road, Ryde, Sydney, of Mr. George Henderson, at the age of 85. Mr. Hender son, who was a native of Scotland, had been engaged in the sheep-breeding industry, but retired from active business more than a decade ago, and made his home in Ryde. Mr. C. Johnston, an American, whose father cwns "a ranch in Montana, is at pre sent visiting North Queensland with a view to making pastoral purchases. His atten tion was directed to Australia by the fact that the head man on his father's run is an Australian who talks much of his native land. The veteran ex-stipendiary magistrate of Sydney, Mr. Benjamin Lee, attained his eighty-eighth year on November 5, and re ceived congrat lations from his friends. He is still in good .health, and able to attend the meetings of boards of which he is a member. He also celebrated the jubilce of his being sworn in as a magistrate. A huge proposal for setting American immigrants on the land in Australia is be ing formulated in Sydney. An American lady, Mrs. Aubrey- Montgomery, who has large business interests in San Francisco, and who spends a gra?t deal of time in tra velling round the*'wold, is the author of the scheme, and she is going into the ques tion. Another link with- early Auckland and Wehington (N.Z.) has been broken by the death of Mr. John Warmoll who passed away in Ponsonby. He was' 82 years of age, and hailed from Bungey, Suffolk. He served on some of Her Majesty's ships, and afterwards joined the mercantile marme, and he participated in the mining rushes in V:ctoria The Hon. Trevor Ogilvie-Grant, formerly of the postal service in Wellington (N.Z.), has been interviewed by a representative of a Scottish journal. Mr. Grant describes the struggles of himself and his brother, the present Earl of Seafield, in New Zea land, and speaks of the Dominion as a very good place for emigrants to keep away from. The Executive Council of South Australia has framed a new regulation, which gives the Golernment power to claim from a nominator any expenses incurred by the CGovernment over and above the amount contributed towards the passage money of a nominated immigrant by the nominator or the nominee, in the wvent of the latter not availing himself of a passage granted to him 'This will protect the public funds from the practice of immigrants withdrawing from their bargain at a late hour. The Perch Creek correspondent of the "Tweel Times" (N.S.W.) says that women haive lately been busy with mattock and shovel repairing the road. They had been positively afraid to travel the road, owing to the outeroping boulders and wheel-breaking holes, some of them over 18in. deep. The women asserted that their husbands were too busy attending to farm matters, and, as they had to drive weekly to town for supplies, work in the home had to be "side stepped" for the time being and the going improvel in places, so that the risk of be ing "turned down for good and a'" should be minimised. The (.potiki (N.Z.) County Council is not burdened with a superabundance of cash. and at a recent meeting the county clerk explainedl that ,there was not suflficient money in the exchequer to meet the liabili ties. "Gentlemen," said the chairman, amidst general laughter, "the rate notices will be out next week, and if all the council lors pay their rates before the end of the month we shall be able to meet our lia hilities." As showing how the dairying industry rc spoads to a favourable season, the quar tity of butter submitted for export during October this year, as compared with Octo ber last yeer, will illustrate the si.uateon (says a Sydney conte-porary). In Octorbr. 1912, 31,091 561b. boxes were submitted for examinaticn for export, while for the month just ended 4..324 boxes were simi larly submitted. This represests an in crease of 42 per cent. compared with the same month of last yar. Mr. H. C. Lowe, who has purchased a block of land near Coboco has had the good fortune which many a landholder might envy (says the Orange, N.S.W. "Advoca.t"). Having no water on his place, he decided to put down a bore, with the result that an apparently inexhaustible supply was ob- tained at a depth of 122ft. The water rose over 60ft in the bore. Similarly fortunate were Messrs. McGrath Brothers. of "Pine- leigh," Rawsonville, who obtained a good flow of water right alongside their new re- sidence, just nearing completion. Mr. Thos. Milne of Lockerbie, Dumfries- shire (Scotland), has landed in New Zea land a `fax dressing machine, which he be lieve; wi'l be a great improvement on any. others yet introduced into the Dominion. These is a Government subsid.y of £12000 for the inventor of the machine which will deal effectively with the dressing of flax, and save all the by-products (as set out in the provisions governing the lifting of the I subsidy): and Mr. Milne intends to apply for it. The Invercargill -(N.Z.) butchers have agreed that hawking carts are undesirable. and have decided to discontinue the hawk ing of meat. Customers will be required to order their meat when the butcher de livers their previous order; so that the carts will only now carry meat that has' been ordered by customers. who. there fore, will not be able to choose their meat from the cart, as has been the case pre viously. A oorroanwdent Writes to the `-Otago tN.Z.) Daily Times' --"After many years of stagnation, if not decadence, Queens town promises to start `fresh in the rac of progress. This time its prosperity is I to be staked upon fruit culture. Several settlers have plaited small areas of fruit trees along the lake frontage. The won der is that Queenstown should have lagge. behind so long in this matter, for it has splendid fruitorowing capabilities, while the visit g population will consume a consider able quantity, and also form excellent channels for advertising its abundance and quality." Rabbit skins of the value of £118,234 were exported from New Zealand last year, as compared with £138,952 in the year 1893. In the latter year 17,041,106 'kins were ex ported, as compared with 8,937.035 last year. There was a steady falling off in the num ber of skins exported between the years 1895 and 1907: the former year showed an export of 10,828,612 skins, and the latter year only 5,5'3,900 skins. Since then the figures have risen steadily, owing to the Svigorous enforcement of the law for the destruction.of "bunny," and partly to the higher prices ruling. At.A a meeting of the committee of the Lady Bowen Lying-in Hospital, Brisbane. I the matron furnished- a report on state ments made by Mr. Sharpe, M.H.R., in Melbourne with reference to the payment of the maternity bonus to the patients of ihat institution. The matron reported that, on the suggestion of some of the pat ients who repeatedly asked for the payment of the bonus before they left the hospital, the bonus money was obtained and an en velope unopened was handed to the pat ients when leaving. The matron had been asked oceassionally to take a proportion of the expenses out of the bonus, but the pat ient must sign an order to that effect. On no occasion had a patient objected to that course. The death is announced of Mr. Charles Winnett Allen, one of the best known far mers and pastoralists in Tasmania. He was born in America in 1833, and was a son of the late Mr. James Allen, who was an offi cer .in the British Army, and arrived in Tasmania with his wife and family in 1840. In 1853 Mr. Charles Allen was attracted to the Victorian goldfields, where he worked successfully for two years. Returning to Tasmania, he followed agricultural pursuits in Gressy, and then settled for seventeen years in Illawarra. He purchased Harvey Dale, at the -Black Sugarloaf, and the Black burn property adjoining both of which are now worked by his sons, and comprise over 5,000 acres of agricultural and pastoral land. The season for-trout fishing in New South Wales has be-n opened, and until further notice the wh'le of the waters of the State in respect of which no embargo exists will be opened to the taking of fish. In the waters *of that portion of the Duckmanloi (or Fish) River upwards from its junction with Fish River Creek, and the whole of the waters of Fish River-Creek itself, every method of fishing has been prohibited dur ,ng the six months terminating on April 30 next; and a prxclamation will be issued giving effect to a similar prchibition in re spect of the whole of the waters of Wick etty War (or Upper Run) Creek, a tribe. tary of the Duckmaloi River. It has also been decided that every form of fishing shill be prohibited in the following south ern highland waters:-Baliallaba, Sherlock (or Adjenbiliy), Tinderry, Roberts', Tow ney's, and Jouiiams Creeks, for a period ot five years dat'ng from October 1 last. Mr. Donald Ross, of Wanganni (N.Z.), who returned a few, weeks ago from a trip to Britain, saw in Montevideo something which was of interest to New Zealanders. He saw a vessel of three decks carrying live sheep. He boarded the steamer, and learned that she had 1,200 sheep, which were being conveyed to England. On the voyage the sheep were fed on hay and water. They were landed in England alive, and then sold as English mutton. The visitor learned that the animals did not lose much in condition. The good prices obtained through the sheep being sold as English mutton compensated the owners for the expenses entailed in shipping the sheep alive. Very few were lost on the way, and on the previous trip, which was rough, only 1i per cent. of the live cargo died. Development of our wool trade with Japan is increasing rapidly, and the Jar, anese competition is very helpful at times. txeelleet prices having been paid by thi. section lately for super-greasy wools (re marks a Sydney paper). A report ust to hand from Mr. Suttor says that Japan im ported last year raw wools and tops of the value of £1,633,397, and cloth and serges of the value of £690,386. Our trade with Japan is not, however confined to wool. She took last year £2,917 worth of horses. £2,366 of wheat, £1,153 of fcur, £4,422 of butter £11,378 of hides, etc.. £2,887 of hide pieces. £12,379 of bones, £33,074 of beef tallow, £33,254 of mutton tallow, and £280. 500 worth of lead. The imports from An- tralia totalled £1,279.198, and the exports to Australi' £862,893. Recently the North Coast (N.S.W.) Co-operative Company, in its month ly seport urged farmers - to send in neavier weight, pigs. The de mand for heavier bacon is on the up grade, which Mr. E. J. Shelton. in the "Ag ricultural Gazette of New South Wales," attributes to the :ncrease in the population by immigrants from the United Kingdom, who have a taste for the heavier meat as cured in the old country. In general, the value of the two cuts in demand for export proves that the Wiltshire crt is the most suitable, and next in importance comes the Cumberland cut. The Danish bacon, which has always realised such high prices in Lon don, does so more as a result of following these methods' of cutting up, and of the gre.t care and attention given to the curing and get up. A Wanganui (N.Z.) correspondent writes: -In connection with the operations of the Taranaki Oil Wells iLumited), the No. 5 bore at Moturoa. which has been running continucusly for lthe past. 18 month-, has z h,-rn r. ? .;I?-;nr ··,? ?tln.1? ...I I strong flow has beef maintained, .the sand pump has been at work, revealing the fact that the well has silted up about 60ft. The pumping operations, however, -con removed the accumulations, and the bore is being drilled down another 50ft Active flows of g as with additional oil veins are being en countered. During the week. ended October 20, 5,000 gallons of gas oil were ehipped I away, ?asides benzin~ and lubr:cating oil. One user of the company's oil has written that he has given the gas oil supplied a thorough tesý. and found it better than any he had used previously. Perhaps one of the most interesting cases i of sk'n grafting on record in the Auckland (N.Z.) Hospital is that of a little girl at presnt in the institution. Six mCnths ago she was injured seriously. the whole skin heing practically burned off her back. When she was admitted to the institution her life was despaired of. For six months I she has been lying in the one position on her stomach. Twice in that period her mother has gone to the institution, and submitted herself to the skill of the sur geon, and layers of skin have been trans planted to the back of the child. Slowly the frightful injuries of six months ago are being covered with a grafting of new skin. Shortly the brave mother will go again for the last time to the hospital, and one mare transference will mean the completion of a slow bat gratifying success in skin-grafting work. Approval of Victorian methods of hand ing foodstuffs is one of the interesting fea tures in the report of the New South Wales Royal Commission on Food Supply. The Commission held several sittings in Melbourne; and it has now recommended that the present practices in Victoria should be adopted in New South Walcs. On the question, for example, of which department should exercise control of the milk supply, the Commission remarks that in Victoria, where the administration would appear to have been very successful, the duty falls to the Department. of Agricul ture, and it recommends that the work be placed under the New South Wales de partment-as central control as against municipal administration. The Victorian system of inspection is described in detail in the report, and it is recommended for adopt'on in New South Wales. '"This sys tem." the Commission remarks, "appears to have given admirable results with the mini mum of expense; "and we recommend strongly the adoption of something similar here." The Anglican Synod in Auckland (N.Z.) has passed the following resolution on the voices without dissent:-"This Synod de plores the existence of war, with its at tendant evils, miseries, and crushing and ever-increasing burden of -armaments, and recognises the duty of Christians to pray and labour for-the promotion of peace. In asmuch as in existing conditions it is abso uItely necessary to be prepared to safe guard the national freedom and rights against violent aggression, the Synod af firms its adhesion to the teaching of the Holy Scripture and of the Church of Eng land that it is lawful for Christian men, at the commandment of His Majesty, to wear weapqns and serve in the wars. The Synod apprdves of the New Zealand Defence Act .as a measure calculated to secure our na tional safety, and by training and discip line to promote the moral and physical well-being of the youth of the Dominion." In the opinion of the Rev. Giuseppe Cap ra, an Italian doctor of natural science and agriculture, who paid a recent visit to Aus tralia, Victoria deserves the name of "the garden of Australia." Dr. Capra has pro duced a small book descriptive of his visit, and remarks in it that "Victoria is a State rich in natural resources. which are being developed gradually, as the population in creases; rich also for its public debts, which in this case are real credits, the money hav ing being invested in reproductive works. such as railways and irrigation schemes." The Premier of Victoria has received a copy of the book, and Mr. C. Catani, the Chief Engineer of Public Works in Victoria, who has translated it from the Italian, has sug gested in his report'to Mr. Watt that Dr. Capra should be informed that any skilled agriculturst or practical irrigationist arriv ing in the State from the north of Italy with a little capital will receive encourage ment from the Ministry in establishing his home. Mr. Watt expressed his concurrence with the suggestion. One of the biggest disappointments ever experienced during his career as a magis trate by the late Mr. Panton, of Melbocurne. was in connection with the case of a young Russian who had victimised a number of tradespeople In Melbourne. When he was arrested he had a cumber of sketches in his pockets, and these were shown to M3r. Panton, who viewed them from the artistic standpoint, and became quite enthusiastic in praise of ?iem. They were also shown to a pressman, who had to draw maps in his schcol days, and found that by placing a :"rsbon paper behind a genuine map h" could turn out work which gained praise from the teacher. He remembered this, and saw through the fraud, which had net been noticed by Mr. Panton. The prisoner ex pressol the opinion that reporters should be kept in their places, and should not be al lowed to assist in giving an artist si~ hnonths' imprisonment. "Although Captain Cook did not actually discover the kauri when on his first voyage to New Zealand in 1769," said Mr. T. F. Cheeseman. in the course of a lecture in Auckland (N.Z.) on the kauri pine, "-he and his people were the first to become acquaint ed with kauri resin (or gum), despite the fact that they mistook its origin. Wandering on the beaches in Mercury Bay. they fennd numerous lurIps of what Dr. Solander deo cribed as a 'resinous substance very much like resin. We found it first of all on the sea beach, but afterwards sticking to the mangrove trees, and by that means found out whence it came. This statement was copied into botanical works throughout Europe, and on its strength the mangrove not only was described as a species peculiar to New Zealand, bus also had the name bestowed upon it of Avicannia resinifera, or the resin-bearing mangrove. Nowadays it was known that the smi5gr?ve never pro duced a resin but that lumps of kauri gum drifted along tidal streams, and often be came entangled among its roots or branches. I think that it was the late Mr. Seddon who said that if a political mis- stttement had a day's start it took a year or two to overtake it." Mr. Cheeseman remarked. "In the case I have just mentioned forty years were required to dissipate the idea that the mangrove produced a resin!" 