NEWS OF THE DAY. In the town edition of "The Leader" a page of pictures of the recent disastrous lire at St. Kilda is given. Flatman's tim ber yard is shown in full blaze, and other photographs furnish some idea of the ex- tent of the damage. Portraits arp presented, of the late Mr. A. L. Windsor, for many- years editor of "The Age," and of Mr. Joseph Cook, M.P., the new leader of the Federal Fusion party. The Federal Electoral department is working on a basis that for the next elec tions and the referendum no leivcr than 20,400,000 ballot papers will be required. In this calculation the ballots for the coiistitu- tional amendments are reckoned as six dis tinct papers, though actually they will be all printed on one long slip. There will be 2,500,000 ballot papers for the election lor tlic House of Representatives, 2,500,000 for the election for tho Senate, and 2,500,000 slips, containing sis ballots each, for the referendum. Provision will m addition be made lor suu,uuu absent votes lor each House and- for each question on the referendum slip. As only a few weeks remain before the departure of the State Premier for Eng land, and as the latter part of that time must bo spent by Mr. Watt in the tran saction of private. business, tlie early an nouncement of the reconstruction of 'the Ministry is looked for. Mr. Wntt himself declares that the question - has not yet been entered into, aiid that no definite proposal has been submitted to Sir Alex ander Tcncock or other member of -the Ministerial party. It appeared possible that Mr. Hagcl thorn, ' the Minister for Immigration, might' be induced to quit State politics, and submit himself for nomination as the Liberal candidate for the Bnllarat seat at the next Federal elec tions. Members of the party approached Mr. Ilugeltlioru - recently, and promised him their support if. he .would offer him self for nomination. They Were prepared, they said, to .lay the position before Mr. Watt, and obtain his sanction, if he would consent. Sir. Hagelthorn gave the matter consideration, but lins now decided to re main in State politics. He unnounced to members of the Liberal party yesterday that lie was unable to see bis way to sub scribe fully to all the planks of the plat form, so that, quite apart from his desire to remain in State politics, lie thought 'it merely honest to refuse to stand for the Bnllarat seat. There is now in the Commonwealth Treasury strongroom gold to the amount of £4,370,002. This is vouched for as the result of the half yearly count of the reserve. It is not to be inferred that every piece of money is actually subjected to the counting process. The sovereigns are in canvas bags, a certain number of which nre selected - at- random and weighed. The rest of the bags are counted. The weighing was conducted under the super vision of Mr. G. T. Allen, Secretary to the Treasury/ and Messrs. 1'. W. Lovctit' and G. II. r Gatehouse, auditors. The State Savings Bank of Victoria is very definite in the statement that there is no intention- to give any consideration to the proposals of the Commonwealth Sav ings Bank to take over their business. Tho depositors in the 112 branches and 328 agencies, of the State Savings Bank of Vic toria have shown their appreciation in a very substantial manner- dnring the last six months, as the amount of deposits has increased in that period by £800,000; and as the income from interest on invest ments for the half year would he at least £300,000, tlie total funds, which amounted to £20,105,000 at 30th June last, have now exceeded £21,000,000. Depositors in the State Savings Bank are reminded that they can operate on their accounts in any State of the Commonwealth, and also in any part of the United Kingdom. The State Savings Bank in Tasmania has been absorbed by the Commonwealth Bank, but the Trustee Savings Banks in Hobart and Lnunceston are remaining as State institu tions. Depositors from other States can transact business with them, and arrange ments are being made for all tho trading banks to act ns agents for the State Sav ings Bank of Victoria in all other parts of Tasmania. Under the provisions of an act providing for the legitimation of . children born out of wedlock, passed on 31st December, 1012, the previous act was repealed, and now the birth of any child born in Victoria before the marriage of the parents may be registered by the father at any time after such marriage, provided there was at tlie time of the birth no legal impediment to tlie marriage, and the child referred to shnll be entitled, oj: be declared to have been entitled, to all the rights o-f a. child born in wedlock. Application, accompanied by fees amounting to 15/ (for one child) and an information paper containing full particulars, should be made to the Govern meiit ,'tatis.t..or,to .any registrar of births and'deatlis,1 'and a ftirthcr lee.'of 5/ will be poyablo on registration. Formerly a child could only he legitimated within six months of marriage. In connection with tlie appointment of representatives on the reconstituted Har bor .'Trust for. importers, exporters, ship owners' and -'primary producers, the Stute Premier takes the view that the Govern ment must make the selections on its own responsibility, without regard for nomina tions. Oh Thursday next the Cabinet will j'make the appointments, to the four vacant positions on the- trust. But if the Go vernment-does not want nominations as nominations, it is prepared to, receive sug gestions as. suggestions, if the interests for warding them- recognise that they arc not nominations. The Government, Mr. Watt stated yesterday, intended to accept tho full responsibility for any appointment it might, make. If the interests suggested a suitable man to occupy a seat on the trust, they might rest assured that tho Go vernment would give ' full consideration to his claima... -If these representatives were likely To make a Well .balanced trust, the Government would pay due heed to that consideration, for on it rested the respon sibility oi constituting a well balanced trust. But it was lo be understood that nominations, so called, -were in 'no way binding on the Goverfiment. A meeting of between 50 and GO repre sentatives of the wool, grain, produce and meat export, dairying and allied exporting interests, was held, at tlie Danish Club yes- lerday, to consider the question of submit ting to the Premier the names of gentle men for appointment to the position of commissioner to lepresent the export trades on the Harbor Trust, After some dis cussion, it was decided that two voles should bo given to each of the interests re presented, and the nomination fell upon Mr. H. B. Black, of the grain trade, and Mr. P. J. Holdcnson, frozen produce ex porter. The Federal Government has issued in vitations for lunch at the Oriental, Hotel to the admiral and the chief officers of the Japanese war ships which are' now on the way to Melbourne from the West, and ure expected 'to reach Port Phillip on Mon day. Tlie vessels are the Soya and the Azuma, Rear Admiral Tochinai being in sunrcme command. His chief -officers on the flagship, the Soya, are Flag Com mander Insuka, Flag Lieutenant Inouye, Captain Horinouchi and Commander Ftiru- kawa, while Captain Iwamura and Com mander Murakami are on the Azuma. The responsibility rests with the Minis ter of Lands and the officers of his de partment of determining whether it is in the public interest to grant the lease of Crown land at Spotswood for oil storage purposes. It will be remembered that last year the proposal to establish a huge petroleum store on the , rising ground at Spotswood, near the Metropolitan Board's I pumping station, was vetoed by tbe Gov ernment. -The proposal was submitted to the Harbor .Trust early in September by tho British Imperial Oil Company, which sought a lease of land on the river bank sufficient for a large store and a wharf. Tlie Metropolitan Board protested against imperilling the safety of the pumping sta tion, and the Premier promptly, inter- j fcred. Now the company is applying for I a lease of about fifteen acres of unoccu pied Crown land situated on'the banks of I the Yarra at Spotswood. The Minister of Lands has called for a full report from I the Surveyor-General. Mr. Reed states that the land is aliont a quarter of a mile from the pumping station, and as- I serts that there will be no danger. He is to discuss the question' with the in spector of explosives before reporting to Mr M'Kenzie, and the stipulation is likely to be made that elaborate precautions in the I structure of tbe stoics shall be taken. But Mr. M'Kenzie lias a grave responsi- I bility in the matter, nnd shonld ensure- that the fullest and most scarchitig in quiries shnll be made, and the views of tho Metropolitan Board and the Fire Brigades' | Board obtained, before submitting any re- commendation to the Cnbinet. . It. is not a matter to be rushed through Vat the meeting on Thursday next. hi view of the recurrence of complaints regarding tbe "topping up" of fruit ' on the part of unscrupulous dealers, regret is ex pressed afresh by the Minister of Agricul ture and tho officers of his department that the Fruit Packing Bill failed to pass the Legislative Council lost session. After three attempts, Mr. Graham yesterday re marked, the Government had succeeded in getting a majority of members in favor of the measure. It would have been passed but for the opposition of two members of the Council, who talked it out, and if it had bc-en passed it would have put an end to the dishonest practice of topping up. In regard to. a suggestion for more com plete official inspection, Dr. Cameron, the Director of Agriculture, observed that the department had ten officers engaged in in spection of fruit, who were expected to deal with 3 the shipping o! fruit for ex port and its importation. It was im possible for them ' at times to give attention to the markets. This.. (Sat urday) morning, for example, there would not be mi . inspector in tho market. -They would all.be engaged till late on Friday uiglit, in considering the shipments of unsatisfactory bananas from Queensland. As they would have to be at the markets from 2 a.m. to 0 a.m., the de partment could not arrange it. There wore 244 inspections last year, as a result, of visits to the metropolitan markets. The Victoria Market was dealt witli oil 10 days: As a' result of the inspections there wcro SO" prosecutions. The department, as a de-. .partment, could only do tlie work to the full extent of the means allotted to it. The main object of tho visit of the Minister for External Affairs to Adelaide dnring the week was to discuss with the South Australian Minister of Railways the question of taking over rolling stock of the railway from Port Augusta to Oodnadqtta, which is ' now Federal property. Mr. Thomas found that the local department' was rather inclined to think it would re-' quire all the rolling stock it had for its own purposes, and after discussion it was agreed that, he should send a railway ex pert on behalf of the Commonwealth to consult with a local officer as to the stock .available, and the requirements of the State as well as of the Federation. If the Commonwealth officer reports that it will be desirable to provide new equipment, ten ders will be called immediately for the sup- plica that are necessary in the way of engines, carriages and other rolling stock. Details of an act of brovory by a half- caste girl named Cissy M|Ldod have been brought under the notice of the Minister for External Affairs, who has given direc tions that the facts should be commnni- catod' to the Royal Humane Society for investigation. It is related 'hat tlie girl was in the employ of the wife of Captain Slugg, and while walking along the jetty at Darwin one night when it was dark, Mrs. Mugg fell -in. Tho girl without a moment's -hesitation jumped in after her mistress, and although the tide was run ning out very strongly, managed to get her to one of the piles and hold her there until assistance was obtained from a steamer lying at the pier.' If it bad not been for the courage displayed by the girl Mrs. Mugg must have been drowned, as she had sunk when the girl caught her, nnd the tide would soon have carried her be yond the reach of human aid.' The pre sence of sharks in the locality rendered the act additionally meritorious. Professor Spencer,' who heard of the. incident, ascer tained that there had becn .no public re cognition of the girl's courage up to tho present. City councillors yesterday went for a joy ride to St. Kilda at the irivitat.on of the Melbourne Motor . Omnibus Company in one of the recently imported vehicles. -The bus sped through the tho roughfares silently and quickly, and won a good name for itself among the occupants. What particularly (.'interested the party were the improvements that have been carried out by the St. Kilda council on the roads and foreshore, ar.d the Lord Mayor expressed the hope that his forth coming conference with the mayor of Soiuli Melbourne would result in seve ral iiiots oil the scheme of road beautih- cation within their respective boundaries being removed, and the chain of ornate floral plots continued from the cily, via St. Hilda-road and IieaeonsSeltl-parade, to the South Melbourne tram tcrraiiius. The Public Health department is firmly of the opinion that no system of milk sup ply for infants and invalids is superior to that of the Talbot Institute. Dr. Robert son, acting chief health officer,' atatcd yes terday that it would be absurd to draw com parisons in the matter of death percentages, between the Talbot In stitute and the system patronised by the; Coburg council, because the two establishments wore working on an entirely different basis. At the meet ing of the Coburg. council on Wednesday night, Dr.. Johnson, an officer of the Health -department, was .credited with having stated that the milk supplied to -the muni cipally was not baeteriologieally examined. The officer in question states that a wrong construction was placed on his report. In urging that the Talbot Institute should re ceive further Government assistance, he re ported to the Minister of Health that this system was the only one- which ' provided for an independent examination of milk. Ho did not state that the milk supplied to the Coburg council, was not baeteriologi eally. examined. The.'chicf health, officer pointed out yesterday that it .was 'ridiculous for the Coburg council to maintain that its system was superior to that of the Talbot Institute, for it was simply supplied with milk by a private firm which was . not governed by independent supervision. The Talbot system supplied milk under the best possible hygienic conditions, :and also pro vided nurses, whose duty it was to see that rue mua was useu m suen a manner as to ensure beneficial results. ' ' The construction of the Government cool stores at Victoria Dock should ' proceed smoothly, now that the concrete founda tions have been lnid successfully.' Next week the MirrisUv of Public Works will in vite tenders for contracts 3 nnd' 4 for sup plies and work connected with the stores. These contracts are for the provision of insulating materials of various kinds, and -for the erection of elevators and conveyors. They must be of a modern type, and suit able for the economical handling of pro duce. It is proposed to run the produce down from the stores to tho ship by a sys tem of conveyors. The comprehensive report concerning tne proposal to bridge tlic Yurra from City- road to Spencer-street has apparently been lost, for inquiries yesterday failed to elicit its whereabouts. If not lost, it certainly has been relegated to some obscure corner in a municipnl recess, for nothing has been heard of it since it appeared in "The Age" six months ago. It is a most im portant document, containing data supplied after careful deliberation by competent civil engineers, and is regarded as a valu able contribution to -the problem of reliev ing tho congestion that is daily growing greater in Flinders-street. Mr. Mountain, City Council Engineer, stated yesterday that he had not seen tho report since shortly after its appearance in print. Casually, he mentioned that it was hardly feasible that authority would bo given to the erection of a third bridge within the short distance of half a mile, and he proffered the suggestion that a bridge con structed across the Yarra near the 'gas works would greatly minimise the conges tion and inconvenience, and relieve ship ping traffic in the part where it was densest. He thoroughly believed that tho fast growing importance of Melbourne as a port, with the consequent increase in shipping, Was a matter for urgent con sideration, and that -action could not be much longer deferred. The "legal nexus," as it has been tqrmed, which binds the Church -of Eng- land in Australia - to the parent "church in England, is a matter 'of great moment to nil members of the Anglican community. The question has been hotly debated .at various syhods, -and resolutions which have been passed show that there is a sharp division of opinion as to tho power and tne right of the Australian church to adopt self-government. . The recent departure of Archbishop . Clarke for England has an im portant hearing upon the subject, for. while in the old country he will take the oppor tunity- of ascertaining the viewa of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the English bishops and other church authorities upon the question of the nutonomy of the church in Australia. It is expected that Dr. Clarke will return in lime to discuss the results of his 3 visit with the bishoiis who will assemble ..in . connection with the i Cliurch Congress in Brisbane next spring, and important proposals' will no doubt be laid before the next meeting of the general Bynod. Reports froin inspectors' in the Queens land sugar districts show that during De cember conditions were, on the whole, fa vorable for the development of cane. At Cairns there is said to1# "very indication of a, record crop, arid! Alackay, too, an exceptionally good plan- crop for this year was anticipated. The irrigated young cane at. Townsvillc was looking splendid, and in some cases showed considerable growth; but on farms that were not irrigated and were not favored with rain the cane was not so forward; and . the prospects were not so favorable, as in June last. Grass hoppers had also done considerable harun . to growing cane. A scarcity of labor was -noted in - all branches of -field work. At Cairns and at Port Douglas, too, plough- men were hardly equal to requirements, but lit all the other centres the- supply of labor was ample. ' Some interesting . figures relating to bhe Congregational dliuvclics of Australia are published in the Victorian Congregational Year Book for 1013. An examination of the dates of the estnolishment of churches in Victoria discloses some curious facts. Prior to 1850 there was only one Congrega tional church — Oollins-streot, Melbourne, opened in 1839— in tbe State. During tlie ten years from 1850 to 1880 twelve churches were opened in Meloouritu and suburbs. The membership to-day .of the thirteen churches established before I860 is 1(103. Following this period of productive acti vity, there was a protracted lull, for from 1SU0 to 1883 the ouly church. opened in the district was at Ea«rt Melbourne, in 1802. For over twenty years not a- church was added to the list. This apparent apathy is easily explained by the successful efforts that were made in the provinces, where these two decades were highly productive. Since 1SS0 the numoer of metropolitan and provincial churches hns steadily increased year by .roar,' until there are now 00 -in all. - . , The Western district ivbol sorting School at the Gordon Technical College, Geelong, claims . that it offers , special facilities for a thorough training in all branches of wool sorting and preparation of wool for market.. The 'instructor an chargchas just completed a special course at the Yorkshire Technical School. The advantages of the college are announced by advertisement. Entries for the Lnunceston literary nntl musi cal competitions, to be held at Easter, close on 24th February. - At tlie Temperance Hall, city, on Sunday even ing Mr. Wm. Payne, oi Dunvood, will deliver tlie address at the Gospel temperance meeting. 'Mr. C. K. Milne will preside. How We Dump Goods Into Germany is the title of a lecture to he delivered by Cr. IV. II. Hetiwick at London -House, ' 07 Elisabeth-street, to-morrow night -.at- 8 o'clock. Discussion is invited. Tlic following is this -day's abstract of sales by auotiion:— Gomnttfl'l, Tuekntit and Co. Fly. Lid.,, at CowiKT-Street, Fbtkucray, .at 2. basinrai, freehold, nrjciiirrcry, ko. , of raopcrjg'i1. A. E. Young, ,trt HankH-o-trtrt, Ascot Vule, at '2.30 (whit S. F. iIIemteTftOn), vflla, with studding,, fx. John Bucliau and Co., at Leopdld-tftrcot; .Sounfh Yurra. alt 3, villla, - u'itr.! ambling, fcc. F. II. Patterson and Oo.. at tliair rooms. Sydney-rouVl, Brunuwick, ttg 3, Brunswick, MorJland and Moonec Poaiis propeniiai. ' Forbes and lion, at 'Hoddle-dircet, Hg-a Melbourne, at 3, ramlence. J. ' W. S:yUs and Son (wil-h -Alex. Srast and Oo. ami Joseph Clarke ami Co.), at Dande.-tong, at 1, furniture, vary, plvadfoh, Jte. ; at' 3, shop and raiidemtial ptoperfitn and land; ahio aillotinenla ot Tooradin. Jn'o. (iWhaii, at Aspcn'daie, at .3 (with Arthur OJlinn), t.md, with ' viilla, bungalow; Ac. ; also furniture, piano, Adawson, Btrdttlc and Oo. Pty. IJtd., at Dindenong, ait 11.30. homes ami ponicu. C-ox Bras., at Ncvriin-rAvl, .Humni --becnn; at 3; vrilas and -krnd. Fredes-iek Wifliani Symoiw, n't .Rcgerit- stirect, Elsternwiek, at 3, rottage. .- -H. KdHirtt, wt'Ptikinrtten, Cdbden ami Defby streets, Kcw, at" 3 (with A. B. and B. -V,, Johhslo'n)'. viTTas, cdtifcipau and allotmen':: Vm. j. Butcher, a-t Olydc-sttreet, Si. 'Hilda, at. 3 (with B. J. Pun- nhon). ootitagis. StoH and Ikn-'jirni, at Sprfng tin'd Powifll strotfts. Pro-tan, n't 3, and hind, tind' alloCmoiri. Then. G.'L. Setirt, ait Peel-street, "Wimtjor, i:z 3, vfp-.i, with stabling. &e..; M'Oeoige Bivts., :r'. ShaftMbugi-yitreat, Moreund.' ott .7, build ing site. .1. B. Kimbcrlcy, nt Auburn-grove, Auburn, at 3.30, villa. J. II. llillnrd anil Son, at Conwnerc'ial-road, South' Yarra. ut 2, Jior ji-. vein- ckv , harnvsti, kc. Pi'ihnin Hodges ami Oo., ;iit fByron-dtreet. St. Kihia, at 3 and 3.30, vilfa and Omid, ami allotment. M'Geoige Brat, and Savage, ut Wibsw- tltredt. Protfcon. at 4.. noitltrr farm. (home, clw ft'outt CT and oil engine. Butzlcy nnd Atuiiont, at Betltord- olxeet. CdBitignvcod, at 3, fac- ftory ate. A, Ifenry' Miller ami Co., at Bailey- avemie, Malvern, at 3, villa ; at Vbflentine-ffrovc, tft 3.4u, villa. 