? Australian Girls and Boys Contrasted. Amongst the many papers read before the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, one of the greatest interest was the presidential address delivered before the Mental Science Section by Mr. ti. A. Adamson, M.A. Mr. Adamson contrasted the Australian boy and the Australian girl so much to the detriment of the latter that several ladies signified their disapproval by walking out of the room (remarks the "Argus"). There had taken place a gradual and recently even a rapid breaking-down of the old formalities of intercourse between the sexes. During adolescence it was almost always .the girl who commenced the casual acquaintanceships made in public places, if not by actually accosting the boy, then by what may be termed "the look of encouragement." Nothing was more amazing than the manner in, which parents of respectable position allowed their daughters to roam the streets unchecked, adding scalps to their belts in an unwholesome rivalry of seeing who could pick up the greatest number of chance acquaintances. Then followed a correspondence, almost always started by the girl. Unless they could "bind the suitors' hands from offering," there was only one method of protecting the boys from such hunti ss methods, and that was to make them fastidious. The pulpit had failed ; but had the teacher tried his best? There were thousands of good women who felt strongly on the question, and even if it should take a generation, it surely was not impossible to bring the parents to a sense of their responsibilities. The Boy's Alertness and Initiative. When he first made the acquaintance of the AustraliayxJioy, he (Mr. Adamson) had^ -rather • fitted and disliked him. M .iaca^ 'mafc^e age he was a,ble to'.'speak with teas prejudice. He had learned, ttiat.-wtiat he had mistaken ^fotV^sa&t; , of respect was in mcist .cased"'a desireto be friendly Tand v c^municati^fe. The sense of ."wide, - free state of his country cabi£.early to' an Australian boy. He could not pray, "God bless the squire and his relations, and teach us all our proper stations," but he was none the worse for that. In alertness, self-reliance, and power of initiative, the Australian boy had no superior. His breeding and the nature of his country made him adventurous arid ready to take risks— his breeding, because, the men and women who populated Australia were of the most adventurous type; the nature of his country, because, if it were true that Australians were a gambling people, one must remember that, this land of flood and flame was and must be a breeder of. men who willingly take risks. His readiness of resource was shown by the fact that Australians who "wander, as many do, to make a living abroad, invariably succeed, thanks to the merciful Australian theory that no work could degrade a man. When boys were brought up never to ask, "Who is he?" but "What does he do ?" the problem of "what to do with our boys" \fras solved by the boys themselves with much ; more satisfaction and greater ease than in ' foreign lands. • _ Australian Brains Abroad. . v Mr. J. J. Simons, of West Australia, who recently took 40 Australian boys for a tour of the world, said on his return that '^bne of the -.saddening experieiwis offtlfe?fcrip--iiad 5foeen the finding of so much Austra- %ian brain power working in other lands for the-development of those Mother countries—men with brains •%ho had gone abroad to get what "jpas denied them in Australia." Mr. ^Adamson believed that it was an ad- Venturous -spirit more than: „ de- <nlal of opportmrities^-^h^ had taJEen such men abroad; but the >vAiBj|ralian traveller could ndt gw^ tgrttck, with the isaccflss ot his elsewhere In. veTy Tferfed, perhaps it was U|pause of «iose qualities that there waif wrfeettetf follower than the, Australian boy. He might not respond to the word "go" so readily -as other boys, but he always would to the word "come," if said in the right tone of voice. But to get the best out of him, one must be careful not to give him tasks beneath his capacity. On the other hand, he was often too brusque in manner. He was wanting in cultured taste, for which defect his home must bear its responsibility ; and he was too often lacking in chivalrous respect for girls of his own age, simply because girls of his own age did not exact it of him. Lady Doctor's Opinion. Dr. Mary Booth, speaking from experience both as a medical practitioner and a medical inspector of schools, said that there seemed to be no doubt that, during the period from 11 to 13 years of age, that stage of a girl's most rapid growth, the girl herself was generally the one to make advances to the boy. The boy's turn came a little later. There was very urgent need for the education of girls being entrusted to women teachers, who could understand the girl, and protect her from the dangers and mistakes to which she was by nature- prone, and for which no one blushed more than the girl herself'in later years. Shrinkage in Railway Revenue. For the ten days ended 31st December last the general • revenue amounted to £145.245, as compared with £169,590 for the corresponding period n 1911. This shows a shrinkage of £24,345. For the period under review the revenue derived from passenger traffic shows a falling off this year of £6086. The Railway Commissioners, however, explain that this does not indicate a lessening of the holiday traffic, as whereas the exodus from the city commenced on the Saturday during Christmas of 1911, it did not start till the Tuesday night (Christmas Eve) this year. The goods revenue for the ten days preceding and including 31st December was £9954 short in 1912 of* what it was in 1911. The aggregate revenue for the six months ended- 31st December last was £2,520,396. During the same period in 1911 it amounted to £2,662,299, indicating a decrease for the latter half, of 1912 of £141,903. The passenger' traffic, however, has increased during the past six months, and, compared with the same period in 1911, the revenue has improved to the extent of £69,293. The falling off in the goods revenue is tremendous, the decrease for the last half year amounting to £208,793. The revenue derived from the carriage of parcels has improved to the extent of £3223 dtaring the term reviewed. Tasmanian Loan. The Tasmanian 4 per cent, loan of £1,300,000, of which the underwriters receive 72 per cent., is quoted at a quarter discount. The "Times" considers that the result of the loan is fairly satisfactory. The "Daily Chronicle" says :—"The result is a surprise. Few expected so poor a response to an attractive issue. The result has greatly modified views regarding the prospects of loans in the near future." The "Daily Mail" states :—"The failure of. the loan is 1 evidence that the public nowadays is satisfied with nothing below 5 per cent., even for abound security. Nine colonial ipans.1hB.ve been floated uince November. \ On^r two were fully subscribed, and bpt^. offered 5 per cant.'', <, The Putumayo Atrocities. An Important Witness was examined on 8th irist. by the feelect committee appointed by the Gk>vernment to inqidre whether any responsibility rests upon the Brltish directors of the Peruvian Amazon Rubber Comsm atrocities in and whether any changes in the law .are desirable to prevent the InaiShihery of the ^CompanisH ActsTMSNMwW^in conraction with atoila^ pmctices in 'fordgS countries/^" Ma»,'ich«am«n of the compaay, said that he had not heard of the alleged atroeitigB,, until the.account of them tcgmEfin w tlfe Newspapers. He did notthiiik that the directors, even Senhor Julio Caesar Arana, knew of all' that was going on. He considered thfet the directors were not responsible for the outrages; after the disclosures were"' ibfeae. It was' the Peruvian Government'& duty to punish the criitfinhls. A 'previous cfif)le message announced that -Julio Arana, whP was a partner in the firm of Arijha Brothers, which was absorbed by the Peruvian Amazon Company, had been ordered by the judge appointed-by the Government of Peru to investigate the Putumayo atrocities to be arrested. Undesirable Immigrant. Dalgcty -and Co. Limited, agents for the steamship Afric, were proceeded against by a Customs officer at the Sydney Water Police Court on Wednesday, the 8th inst., under section 9 of the Immigration Act, for allowing a prohibited immigrant to enter the Commonwealth. The evidence showed that although the man referred to, a seaman, was an Englishman, he was suffering from a dangerous and infectious disease, and the Act provided for prohibition in such cases. Defendants, who pleaded guilty, were fined £100. Cost of Living. A Sydney correspondent has written to the "Daily Chronicle" on the subject of a recent report by Mr. A. B. Spence, who asserted that the cost of living in England is much greater than in Sydney. The correspondent describes this statement as grossly misleading and untrue, and declares that it is cruel to delude intending immigrants in such a manner. He quotes figures with the object of showing that the cost of living in Sydney is continually increasing. Helping Those Abroad. Sir John Henniker Heaton, the well-known advocate of cheap postage, in a letter to the newspapers, states that 1,536,000 money orders, valued at £4,309,000, were issued in the colonies and dependencies during the past year. The sum of £2,813,000 was received from the United States, and Australia sent £497,000, New Zealand £244,000, and Canada £2,290,000. "The mass of the money," the letter adds, "was for relatives, being a splendid evidence of love and affection from our kin beyond the sea." Protection of Australian Birds. An interesting paper by Mr. 0. W. Rosenhain, of Melbourne, on the question of the destruction of birds and the need for their protection, which was read before the recent congress of the Australasian Ornithologists' Union in Hobart, has been considerably amplified by the author, and copies of the pamphlet are now being distributed gratis. Mr. RoBenbain has quoted startling figures to show the wholesale slaughter of plumage birds that during the past few years has been carried on. Personal observations made by the author in various parts of the world add interest to a question that from the economic standpoint alone is worthy of note. It may be pointed out, says a daily paper, that both Lady Denman and Lady Fuller have expressed hopes similar to those of Mr. Rosenhain that, in spite of the -demands of modem fashion, women will refuse to adorn, themselves at the expense of unfortunate birds whose destruction is an economic mistake, if for no other reason than that the natural check upon insect pests is thus removed. The Australian Wattle. A small conference of delegates representing the various State Wattle Day leagues, held at Mia Mia Cafe,, on Wednesday, the 8th inst., dealt With , the important question of constituting a Federal league, the principal objects of which will be to secure the adoption "of the wattle blos- Born, as the national floral emblem of Australia; to arrange for a simultaneous display of wattle blossom all over Australia, and by Australians in other countries, on one day in each year; and to arrange for the cultivation "of the wattle .as a matter of practical as well as sentimental policy. The chair was occupied by.Mr, J.Cronin, and the conference was opened by the Federal Prime Minister, Mr. Andrew Fisher, who said he joined heartily with those present in wishing to see the wattle the- national flower of Australia. As far as the Commonwealth coat of arms was concerned, he thought the design had been effectively changed by including the wattle as the decorative emblem. It was now a better coat of arms, more suitable to Australia, and he thought it was more beautiful. Mr. W. J. Sowden, of South Australia, founder of the Wattle Day movement, proposed a resolution constituting an Australian Wattle Blossom League. He suggested 1st September as a suitable wattle day. Mr. J. H. Maiden, F.L.S. (N.S.W.), Mr. P. S. Reager, I.S.O. (T.), Mr. Cambage (president of the Royal Society of New South Wales), Dr. Purdy (T.), and Air. E. E. Prescott (hon. secretary Victorian branch) spoke to the motion, which was agreed to unanimously, and the following officers were elected :—President, Mr. W. J. Sowden; vice-presidents, Mr. J. H. Maiden (N.S.W.), Mr. J. Cronin (V.), Lady Symon (S.A.), Mrs. W. Kingsmill (W.A.), Mr. .T. Bailey (Q.), and Mr. P. S. Seager (T.); general secretary and treasurer, Mr. E. E. Prescott. Oil at Kangaroo Island. Mr. H. M. Bristow, secretary ol the South Australian Petroleum Exploration and Development Syndicate, in reference to the oil deposits at Kangaroo Island :—"Negotiations have been entered into by 'he syndicate I represent with a Melbourne firm of high repute, acting for the Standard Oil Company of Australia, No Liability, with the object of raising sufficient capital to thoroughly test the ground held by the syndicate on Kangaroo Island, and to open up the oil deposits that are believed to exist there. It is of tlie greatest importance to the Commonwealth Government, who propose to use oil on the Western railway, and now are utilising oil fuel for the vessels of the Australian navy, that a supply should be discovered in Australia, and that a property such as we have should be thoroughly put to the test. The' capital with which to carry out the development will come from London." A Mathematician's Head. "A man with a bead for figures" would probably be the reply of the average person if he were asked to describe a mathematician, remarks a daily paper. Such an opinion would not meet with favour from Professor Carslaw, M.A., D.SC., of Sydney University, who, in a paper before the Australasiatx Association fpr the Advancement of Science on 8th inst., discussed the nature of the mathematical mind, pointing out that the common view that the mathematician must have a good head for figures, and be an expert calculator, is incorrect. The great mathematicians who have possessed this faculty have been the exception father than the rule. Gauss had it; but Newton, "though so deep in algebra, and fluxions, could not readily make up a common account." The mathematical mind, Professor Carslaw said, seems to have the faculty of grasping readily the steps in ah ordered reasoning, and to have almost an intuitive perception of this order. For this reason it is not surprising that mathematical ability has often declared itself when the young mathematician "began-the study of geometry. To Newton*the Elements of Euclid appeared so clear and simple that it was a waste of time to go through them in detail. A glance at the Enunciation of the theorem, and to hull the' demonstration was obvious. If this view of the nature of the mathematical mind is a correct one, the .teacher of mathematics in the schools at the present day must be careful if the study of geometry is to retain its. value. The budding mathematician must sometimes . be troubled by the slipshod argument which he finds in the-modern textbooks. The trouble would be less acute if all the people teaching thematics in the schools had '.-a proper training fortheir task. This'.difficulty. was passing away ^ith the creation of well-equipped, teachers' colleges,' and slnce fuller attention had been given to this matter in the universities. Moisture in Butter. The Minister for Customs, in the course of a press interview, said he had fought against the increased percentage for two and a half years, but had not been able to obtain sufficient support. "In my opinion," Mr.' Tudor added, "the question of grade branding is the most important . I believe it would have the .effect of getting improved prices for the dairy farmers. In fact, the figures for the first year of grade branding showed conclusively that we got nearer to the New Zealand and Danish prices than we ever got before. T regret that the decision of the High Court was such as to prevent its continuance. The present position is that any factories or cooperative companies that desire their butter grade branded must ask for it, and the fact that over 50 per cent, have done so is excellent testimony to its value. The pity is that we cannot compel the factories which make the inferior butter to grade their product, as they are the people who do the greatest amount of injury to the good name of Australian butter." Figures prepared at the instance of Mr. Tudor show that in New South Wales 56.18 per cent., or 72,154 boxes out of 128,420 boxes, exported during the last quarter of 1912, were grade marked by request, while in Victoria during the same period the percentage was 48.2, ar 151,790 boxes out of 314,760 boxes. That is practically the position which existed prior to the introduction of the commerce regulations for compulsory grading, the figures then being 56.79 per cent, in New South Wales and 50.19 per cent, in Victoria. U England Degenerating? Dr. C. L. MacCarthy, of Fo'otscray, Melbourne, who has been for a tour round the world, landed at Sydney on Tuesday, the 7th inst., from the steamship Tahiti. In the course' of an interview, he said that he had found the women of England suffering from hysteria over the suffragette business, while the men suffered from blue funk, in the expectation of a (J-ernian invasion. "The 'whole country is in a state of turmoil," said Pf. MacCarthy, "which is extraordinary to account for. The national conscience is oblique, and the national sight seems to get no further than the suffragettes and the Germans. There is no reason for this perturbation about the Germans, so far as I could see. Just before I reached England I passed through Germany, and stayed there for a little time iij the centres, and the feeling towards Britain in general, and to me in particular, seemed to be friendly to a degree of cordiality." Dr. MacCarthy travelled through Siberia. He states that he found that the Germans and Americans had the trade there, and he was surprised when he had completed a tour along and off the railway line to recollect that he had not seen an English "drummer." The "Argus" makes the comment '.—The description of Britain's mental condition hardly strikes us as exhaustive ; a keener observer might have noted that at least other subjects, such as Home Rule and the Insurance Act, have of late come in for their share of the nation's attention, and have been recognised by the great majority as hugely more important than the suffragette nuisance. But everyone will agree that the German menace does certainly seem to have got upon the nerves of a number of people in the United Kingdom, and that the possibility of a German invasion has created a temper more nearly approaching "blue funk" than anything that has been felt by anv considerable section of the nation since the days when the coastguardsmen of Kent and Sussex Jived in hourly expectation of sighting the sails of Napoleon's invading fleet. Soulling Championship. "Dick" Arnst intends to endeavour to regain the sculling championship of the world,. world.. He came ci a U back from England fully convinced that the better roan had won when Barry beat him, but he has since had time, to think it over, ami has practically decided to set out again after, ,the championship. The Jaith that one of his friends has in 10sVakil ity as a sculler is . to a large extent responsible .for .this determination. He felt sure that, ArnBtwasa better sculler than- Barry, and to induce the ex- champion to row again; ^ade ,him a most generous offer. He. offered Arnst free passages ,for himself and Mrs. Arnst round the world, provided that while they were in America -he would row .several- matches Ultimately, they would arrive in England, and Arnst, would challenge the winner of the; Pearce-Barry race. "The arrangement suits me very , well,'" Arnst said, : and as I am to get half of what is won while not being one penrfy out of pocket, I think I should go. Of course, I don't intend interfering' with Pearce in his matches, and will not seek a raG»- till that one is over. I will then challenge the winner. Perhaps I am a little premature in making this statement now, because the matter will not be definitely fixed' up till Friday next. If it is arranged suitably, you will see me on the old Parramatta again without, delay.". Early Marriage.—Mercenary Ideals. At the Science Congress, on Fridav, the 10th inst., Dr. W. R. Smith read'a paper entitled "The Practical Aspects of Anthropology," in the course of which he dealt' with motherhood: — Marriages in the majority of cases in the most civilised eases were determined by the love of money, or the fear of the lack of it, by property, by the necessity for the consent of" the parents, by social position, bv caste distinctions,- by political interest, and such like. Love, natural affection, nature's selection, as the basis of union of men and women—the.se had never had a fair trial in any 'country or at any time, with one possible exception. And the result, if pot generally disastrous, usually fell far short of the ideal life—a state in which both parties reached the highest possible development of every physical, mental, and moral facultv with which nature had endowed them. There were indications that in- this countr\ choice in unions would be less fettered; and this should be encouraged. Early unions— not too early, however—were desirable, especially among professional people. The best that these people gave in the way of public service might be made better if they added children of their own to the gift. But this imnl'ed fair salaries in the positions they occupied, and a State pension to widowed mothers—one of the greatest needs in any State. Further, as bearing on tire marriage question, no woman, married or single, should be compelled to engage in any work that rendered her unfit for motherhood, unless she herself had decided to forego maternity. Nor should she be required to . follow any occupation that prevented her from remaining in the closest possible contact with her progeny, from the point of view of physical nurture and mental and moral education. In this country, happily, there were few, if anv.. occupations which in themselves had the effect of incapacitating women for marriage—business women: teachers, and such like proverbially made good wives. Prevalenoe of Diphtheria. During 1912 more case% of diphtheria were reported to the Board of Public Health than ever previously. Throughout the State 5289 cases occurred, as against 5120 for 1911, 2415 for 1910, and 1590 for 1909. Victorian records show that more cases generally occur during the quarter from June 30 to September 30 than any other. The acting chief medical officer 1 (Dr. Robertson) stated recently that this was accounted for by the fact that school children were in closer association during the winter months. Radium for Hospital Patients. Ai^* j ??? etil ?S of tll e managers of the Alfred Hospital, on Friday, the 10th inst., a communication was received trom the Treasurer's department, intimating that the hospital's proportion c ° st . of a supply of radium QTIV \£0W) 1 tma might 4.._ be " • paid ? • on delivery • .r at ntlls date The mTjf ^ T < 1 A £ L m ? na S ers had referred this Thattei ^honorary medical staff for consideration, and that bodv intimated that it had passed the following resolu- tion ' That, in ,the opinion of. the staff, th^%h :an iajlequate supply of radium is yfery desirable, an expenditure of /"00 to obtain £1500 worth is not recomTntind<2d,in view of the present state of the hospital funds, and die urgent need that exists for expenditure I®. Cfffiier,dj.recfiOMs,".. In view of the ary medicarstaTf, it was' decided, on the motion of Mi*. Jacoby, seconded bv Mr. F^Ke^ptd' ifffofifl fljg Treasurer that the managers fcould not avail themselves of the offer to. purchase the radium at the present time. The British Navy. The announcement that Germany intends, after the Balkan crisis has passe J. to maintain a fleet of warships in the Mediterranean which in time of war will pass under the command of the Austro-Hungarian commander- inrhief, has aroused the "Daily Mail" into demanding- that provision "shall be made in the coming Estimates for the laying down of six super-Dreadnoughts, not including the Australian, New Zealand, Malayan, and Canadian contributions. • This is the number that will be necessary if the British 60 per rent, superiority is to be maintained. "If this is done," adds the journal, "Great Britain in 1915 will be able to send 12 Dreadnoughts to the Mediterranean, and have 25 in home waters, as against Germany's 23." Crsco-Roman Apollo Unearthed. While ploughing at Bassano, near Vicenza, a peasant Unearthed a bronze Graeco-Roniain Apollo. Art dealers of the city who heard of the discovery hurried to the town in motor-cars, but they arrived only to find they had been forestalled by a Government agent, who had secured the treasure, which is estimated to be worth £12,000, for /!1200. The most famous representation of the god is the Apollo Belvedere at Rome, a figure in which are combined the highest intellect with the most consummate physical beauty. It is supposed to be a copy of a bronze votive statue erected at Delphi, and representing the god repelling the Gauls (279 B.C. from his shrine). It was discovered in 1495 amid the jjuins of ancient Antium, and was purchased by Pope Julius II., who placed it in the Belvedere of the Vatican, whence the name it bears. Sad Drowning Tragedy. On Thursday, the 9th inst., three boys—W. R. Johnson, 12 years, M. and P. Dyason, 7 and 5 years—were drowned in Gardiner's Creek, Glen Iris. The bodies were recovered. It. is surmised that when one of the boys fell into the creek his companions bravely went to the rescue, and so perished with him. Tasmanian General Elections. The general election campaign in Tasmania is in full swing. Labourites and Liberals are both confident of victory. The Premier (Mr. Solomon), interview on Thursday regarding the new Governor of Tasmania, said: "I do not intend to take- any steps to offer objections to Mr. Macartney's appointment. I am not in any way concerned-with the views Mr. Macartney might hold on any political, religious, or national subjects." Earthquake Shocks at Sydney. On Saturday night, the 11th inst., an earthquake of more than usual magnitude was recorded at the Piverview College Observatory on three seismographs. The first wave reached Sydney shortly before half-past 11 p.m. Subsequent, ones continued to be recorded for four hours, some of them reaching an amplitude on the records of 32 millimetres. The origin is calculated to have been 3200 miles distant from Sydney. Artesian Water. Advice has been received by the Mines department that a flow of artesian water, amounting to 750,000 gallons per day, has been struck near Sale, where boring operations were being carried on in order to obtain a water supply for the town. The depth at which the water has Heen struck is 235ft. Royal Australian Navy. A remarkable instance of Australian pluck has recently been shqwn by a Victorian youth in carrying out his determination to join , the Royal Australian navy. . • ,The young man, who was 21 years of age, lived at Wangaratta. He had recently, heard of the attractions of service in the ®ew -Australian fleet, and' he "decided to enlist He had 110 inofcey to; pay for.his train fare to Melbourne, and he did *not know that the proper cogrse was forhjm to apply to ^He area officer for his disrefused. on, feet, fte set uii tu — TT- Office in Melbfiuryie last Fnday. He walk^^l^p|#Myniles to :Mel-. ora-s.ttgtch'. of 20 he received a. free lift Srwrog/Tg Melbourne pn Ifter thV. n Nav" v 1 V a V S 3 dail > r P a P«' - , offices were closed, he Flao-ct «V 1u 5 ht slee Pins out in the selt on Wednesday morning, signed the necessary papers, and was taken to • • aloggett immediately by Recruiting- sergeant Mooney. 'Dr. Sloggett passed him as physically fit, and the youth is now starting his training • without further delay. A Zealous Recruiting Officer. The. reclaming of young men for the Australian navy has received quite a fillip in Victoria during the last few months, owing to the services rendered by Sergeant Mooney. This officer, who was for some years in the Imperial \- navy, and has been in the Victorian service since 1887, has become quite a familiar figure in the streets of Melbourne sincc he has undertaken recruiting work. He is usually to be-seen in (he company of several youths, to whom he is explaining the glories of service in the Australian fleet. He is an immensely big man, with a heaw. hrfilor-man's lurch, a sun-tanned face! and a delightfully happy knack of spinning nautical vams. As a picturesque addition to his petty officer's uniform, he wears a red. white, and blue rosette in his cap, and has a few ribbons of similar colour attached to his cane. Sergeant Mooney believes in the Australian navy. He believes .that a man is better off working on the Commonwealth fleet than he is employed on land. And he is not afraid to tell this to any likely-looking youth he meets in the street. His droll eloquence- has already won quite a number of city loungers for the service. The Teaching of Mathematics. Professor Carslaw, who has been asked by the central committee to draw up a report on the teaching of mathematics in Australia, made a statement yesterday to the educational section of the Australian Association for the Advancement of Science, upon the work of the International Commission, on the teaching of this subject. The Department of Education in the States , had placed in his hands useful information bearing upon the mathematical work in the State high schools, the Training College for Teachers, and the technical institutions. The mathematical departments of several of the universities had also given an account of the work in their clases. The risks of cramming, tendant upon written examination.;, when they formed the sole test of the pupil's work, and when the public judges the success of schools by the number of passes, were emphasised, and attention was further called to the different standards required by the various universities. He advocated the appointment of a committee, to. co-operate with him in putting tfie report into its final form, so that it might be more representative of the mathematical work in the schools and universities throughout the Commonwealth. Victorian Invention. Information has reached the Defence department of a new quick-firing gun invented by a young Melbourne engineer, Tor which remarkable claims are set forth. The gun is claimed to be a great improvement on the Maxim gun, which up to the present has been capable of firing about 400 rounds per minute, though a new type about to be issued has a speed of BOO rounds. One barrel alone of the new gun can fire between 400 and 600 rounds per minute, and there are two barrels being used alternately, which give a speed of some 1000 rounds per minute. Those military authorities who have seen the gun firing agree that the simplified mechanism has wonderfully increased the efficiency -of the weapon, and that the tests they witnessed were entirely satisfactory. It is understood that one of the chief advantages of the gun is that, whereas in the Maxim a jam often occurs owing to faulty cartridges or through defects in the belt, which throws the gun out of action for some little time at, least, on this gun with its two barrels the operator can continue to fire from one barrel even when the other has become blocked, and the causc of the check to the injured barrel can be ascertained and removed while the sound barrel is stillbeing fired. The enormous importance of this can scarcely be realised by the layman, though to a soldier it is immediately evident that such a weapon possesses a very great advantage, for it might be said to be scarcely possible to throw it out of action unless positively wrecked. .As fast as men can load, the shots can be fired. A Further Advantage. A further advantage which the gun possesses 1 is stated by the authorities to lie in the new method of loading. In the Maxim gun a belt is used, which causes the gun to be checked while it is threaded through and made ready "Tor adiion; : His belt isTiable te 'cause a- misfire, should some of we cartridges j get out of-place. The new lnv^oii.Tcpnsis^ ' OT a disc, ^wHich. re- ' volvel, arid as it devolves the cartridges are picked out of the . disc and auto- matically placed in the breech. The cartridges are so held that thev cannot get out of place, and as each barrel can be worked separately from the other. :-o the discs can be loaded separately, and the activity of the gun need never cease. Another big advantage, it is stated, undoubtedly lies in the fact that the shots are able to be regulated. A.-, rapidly as a handle is turned, so rapidly are the shots fired. In a Maxim gun, the shots have to be fired at all one speed, about 400 rounds per minute: but in the new invention, while it is possible to fire nearly 1000 rounds a minute, the rate can be reduced to probably not 30. It is understood that it is not the intention of the inventor to submit the weapon to the Defence department, but through a company to take the invention to London, probably to the War Office. State Coal Output. Although the Harbour Trust Commissioners refused to consider the belated lender from the coal salesman of the State coal mine, it is understood that the trust is prepared to enter into negotiations for a supply of slack coal from (ho mine. The secretary of the Harbour Trust, in the course' of 'a ' press interview, stated that the commissioners were anxious to do business with the State mine, but thev were decidedly averse to singling it out for special consideration. When tenders were called for small coal last year, a quotation was submitted on behalf of the mine, but it was not sent in on the usual printed form, nor was it accompanied by the required deposit of £100. It was, in consequence, thrown out, but subsequently a fresh tender was asked for by the trust, as it was the wish of the commissioners to enable the Government to shaje in the trust's coal requirements. When the recent tenders were opened it was found that no quotation had been received from the State mine, but an explanation was subsequently received from the salesman stating that he had been delayed by a motor breakdown. It is a hard and fast rule of the trust that the tender boxes must be opened ounctuallv at the hour specified This it is said is necessary to prevent fraud and to render it impossible for one tenderer to lonrn another's quotation. It was on these grounds that the commissioners declined to consider the State mine tender with the others. During the post year the Harbour Trust used 1827 tons of slack from the State mine in conjunction with Newcastle .screened coal. The price paid %as 6/6 a ton at the mine, which works out at about 11/- delivered at the trust's Barges. Lecture on Northern Territory. Professor Baldwin Spencer, who recently returned from a tour through the Northern Territory, lectured in the Town Hall last night, reports the "Age" of 10th inst., on his impressions and experiences in those parts. The hall was packed to overflowing. So great, in fact, was the public hunger for truths about the great undeveloped region that hundreds of neonle were turned from the; crowded building long before the lecture was timed to commence. a number of the most distinguished interstate delegates to the Science Congress even being denied admission. The audience in- 1 eluded the Governor-General (Lord Denman). the Prime Minister (Mr. Fisher). the Minister for External Affairs (Mr. J. Thomas), the president of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science (Professor David), and the Lord Mayor (Cr. D. V. Hennessy). The lecture was illustrated with limelight and biograph views. Having been introduced by the chairman (Professor David), Professor Baldwin Spencer said it was only those who had really traversed the Northern Territory or any principal portion of it who could really form any idea of the vastness of its size and the vastness. of its' possibilities. The one thing- which struck a traveller most forcibly in that -country was the extraordinary emptiness and loneliness of that great land. At the present moment, there were" Jess., than 400Q people, apart from aboriginals. in the land, which had an area of: 523,000 square miles, Jbr 335,000,000 acres. If the land was divided amotig the people who wepe there .at .the'present time, each person would 1 get 440 Ware miles, fw^e only 340*2$te{p§ofefe fe-iMHl water, two or three aaj^'sajyjto^ small island, there -were 8Z,000,000 people. Seeing these facts, one had fears of what might happen in the near future. Costly Commissions. Accounts to the amount of £11,000 have been paid in connection with the work of the royal commission which inquired into the sugar industry. A few payments have still to be made, but thev are only of a minor character. The greater part of the expenditure, remarks the "Age," was, of course, paid in fees to the members of the commission. Sir John Gordon, who was appointed on the basis -of £3500 a year and £3/3/- a day travelling expenses whsyi away from home, drew £3621. The pay of his successor, Professor Jethro Brown, was fixed at the rate of £2000 a year, and he received £656. The other members were paid £3/3/- a day, and 26/- a day travelling expenses when away from home. Mr. A. Hinchliffe, M.L.C. !().), received £833; Mr. R. M. M'Anderson (N.S.WO, £522; Mr. W. R. Shannon (Q.), £644: and Mr. T. W. Crawford (Q.), £884. The fruit and pearling commissions, which are still ill existence, have so far resulted in comparatively small expenditure. The fruit commission has, however, a long way to go, and it is by no means unlikely that it will involve a larce amount before its report is presented, notwithstanding that its members receive only travelling expenses. Up to date Senator Lvnch has received £128; Mr. F. J. Foster (chairman), £106; Senator Ready, £106; Mr. J. Thomson, £87; Mr. W. J. Finlayson, £7">: and Mr. S. Sampson, £33, or a total of £1425. Mr. F. W. Bamford, chairman of the pearling commission, has" received £102; Mr. M'Williams, £92; Mr. W. E. Johnson, £81; Senator Givens, £68; Mr. W. Maloney, £67; and Mr. H. Mahon, £46. The Belgian Cadets. On Saturday last his Excellency the Governor-General reviewed a body of 30 naval cadets from the Belgian training ship L'Avenir, which is now in port. After inspecting them, Lord Denman addressed them briefly. He mentioned that he had heard from Captain Russell, who was in charge of the Australian cadets when they went to Europe, of the cordial reception they met with in Belgium, particularly in Brussels. It would be a great pleasure to him and to the people of Australia to do what they could to make the Belgian cadets' stay in Melbourne enjoyable. Frcfm what he had heard on all sides of their conduct, and from what he had seen of them, he felt quite sure that they would become valuable members of the great profession which they were going to join, and that they would all render valuable services to their king and country. It so happened that he counted among his personal friends the Belgian Minister at the Court of St. James, and he would take an early opportunity of writing to him to say how grlad Australians were to have the Belgian cadets here, and what a good impression they had created on all sides. Commander Copnellie. speaking in French, called for three cheers for the Governor-General, which were heartily given. Arrival of Immigrants. Over 200 immigrants arrived during last week. The s.s. Beltana brought 185, and the R.M.S. Omrah 44. There were on board the s.s. Beltana nine land-seekers, who, with theij- wives and families, represent 29 souls, and possess a capital of £2310; 40 farm workers, representing- 52 persons, and a capital of £443; 12 British lads, and 77' nominated passengers. On board the R.M.S. Omrah were two landseekers, who possess a capital of £800, and eight farm workers. The remainder ^are nominated passengers. Person^ who require the services of farm labourers are asked to communicate with the' Immigration Bureau at once. There raijesmany applications for farm labourers still in the hands of immigration officials, but the requirements of some employers have probably been supplied > from, the country districts by now. - . Mri 'Walshe, thfe a£ent of the Australian .Catholic. Federation, looked after the" Catholic' immigrants, espedally-.Jthe young servant girls, who, nil JoB^^VrovSiCT^^j^aBt^etbourne- Digestion. "io ^gjiMHft* . am AWT JAofoura - syftnp. 4)i r3iemut», u at •M AQffiEAnd. 