SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, October 30. The Speaker (Hon. L. O'Loughlin) took I the chair at 2 p.m. LAIRA WATERWORKS. The COMMISSIONER of - PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. Sir Richard Butler), in reply to Mr. Cole, said he had no fresh information to give beyond what he gave yesterday with regard to the Laura water PASSAGE FROM THE GOVERNOR. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message; from his Excellency the Governor recommending the House of Assembly to make provision by Bill for payment out of the general revenue of grants of money to districts councils. I i SUBWAY NEAR CHELTENHAM. Mr. MACGILLIVRAY asked if the request of the deputation of the woodville District Council for a subway between Cheltenham and Alberton had been con- sides. The, COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC ' WORKS said the matter had been under consideration for a long while. The difficulty was the cost of the work, which the Railways Commissioner estimated at something like £3,000, and how it should be apportioned. He was writing to the district council asking if they would be prepared to share with the. Government and the Railways Commissioner any portion of the cost. When he received a reply he would go into the matter further. POLICE BILL. The TREASURER told Mr. Denny that a Bill to deal with police pensions was on the programme for the session, and the measure would be brought down as soon as the Government felt the business was sufficiently advanced to allow them to deal with "it. Mr. SMEATON called attention to the opening sentence in a leading article in the "Register'' that morning on the Police Force A thorough enquiry should be made, and made promptly, concerning the condition of the Police Force." Had the Government any knowledge which war I ranted which an alarming expression of opinion, and, if so did the Government intend to make an enquiry. The TREASURER (Hon. A. H. Peake) asked the member to give notice for Tuesday next. As far as he was aware there was nothing to warrant alarming state i ments with respect to the Police Force. They all agreed that they were a very fine body of men. PORT AUGUSTA WATER SUPPLY. Mr. MOSELEY said he understood the Government had recently raided the price I of water to the people with gardens in the ' neighborhood of Port Augusta from 6d. to THE ter 1.000 stations. He asked if the Com- missioner of Public Works would get a report concerning: the matter. I The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS would get a report. There was very little water in the reservoir. he believed. and the Government felt the neces I si n of conserving the supply for more pressing need than for the watering of ' gardens. " I Mr. MOSELEY had been informed the Government were selling' 50,000 gallons a day to the Commonwealth Government, and he asked if some better arrangements could not be made on behalf of the local residents. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS believed the water sold to the Federal Government was used for the railway construction. He would make further enquiries t and see if the water could not be made available at a cheaper rate for the local residents. i SIR JOSEPH WALTON. MP. The SPEAKER drew the attention of hon. members -to the presence in the Speaker's gallery of Sir Joseph Walton, a member of the British House of Commons, and said he proposed to ask him to take a seat on the door of the House. I The Premier and the leader of the Oppo- ? critics conducted Sir Joseph Walton to a seat within the House, on the right of the Speaker. . FEDERAL CONTROL OF IMMIGRA- I TION. Mr. McDONALD understood the Federal Government were most anxious to obtain the sole control of immigration to the Commonwealth. Had the Government been con buried on the matter? The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. F. W. "Young) had only seen this statement in the press, to which the "how. jnetflfDWr doubtless referred: - "As far as he knew, no State Government had been approached on the subject. SITTINGS OF THE HOUSE. Mr. PFLAUM asked if the House would be asked to sit late that night. The TREASURER said the Government intended to ask hon. members to keep a House after dinner in order to push, on with the business. Mr. VAUGHAN asked if the House was to sit late every Thursday evening. Were they to be asked to sit on Friday as well. The TREASURER said if the hon. member would ask that question again on Tuesday he would probably be able to say what was intended next week, and possibly for the remainder of the ses Lemon. Mr. JACKSON said the Treasurer had last week intimated that he would ask the House to sit late only on Tuesday and Wednesday of the present week. He and other members had made engagements for that evening. In the circumstances, would the Treasurer allow the House to rise early? The TREASURER said the Government could not very well do that because the public business had not been advanced so quickly that week as they had hoped. The Government were responsible for further inn the business as much as they could (Mr. Jackson-"You are taking a mean advantage.") The business of the country I must be done. OIL ON EYRE PENINSULA, j Mr. DENNY asked whether the Government had been unable to secure from the Commonwealth authorities the services of Dr. Wade to report on the supposed oil discovery on Eyre Peninsula. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS had received no reply yet, but he would go into the matter. Mr. DENNY enquired what steps were likely to be taken with respect to the appointment of an expert. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS could not mention any particular time. It was no use appointing any- one till they were sure he was an expert. He was talking on Wednesday to a man in private employment who claimed he had discovered petroleum on Eyre Peninsula. He had asked for further details, and he had also requested the syndicate interested in the matter to supply him with a plan and maps showing the spots where they had according to their state- ments put down 3,000 bores. He did not intend to move in the matter till he was sure he was on right lines. STATE DEBTS. The TREASURER told Mr. Jackson the Government had had no direct com- munication from the Federal Government with regard to the Commonwealth taking over the State debts, but when he was in Melbourne recently he had interviewed Sir John Forrest and Mr. Cook on the matter. He was quite in accord with the view of those gentlemen that it was for the Federal Government to propound a scheme, rather than for the six states r to come together and formulate one. It would, of course, however, be almost impossible for any Federal Government to proceed with such a scheme unless with the co-operation of the six States. PARLIAMENTARY ACTS. The TREASURER told Mr. Vaughan the Government were giving consideration to the question of issuing Parliamentary Acts in a handy booklet form. POINT PRICE JETTY. Mr. TRAVERS, on a personal explana- tion, said on Tuesday he asked a question in reference to a jetty at Point Price. He was reported to have said the crops in the vicinity of Elbow Hill, Carpa, and Yadnarie were in a bad condition. What he said was that the crops in those hundreds were in a flourishing condition, and any expenditure of the Government there would be justified. CROWN LANDS BILL. The COMMISSIONER- of CROWN LANDS moved That he have leave to introduce a Bill for an Act to amend The Crown Lands Acts, 1903 to 1912 and for other purposes' The motion was carried. IMMIGRATION BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. Mr. JACKSON said Mr. Angas Parsons had the previous evening stated that Mr. Verran's remarks with regard to the extension of the advantages offered by the Bill to the boys at the Magill Reformatory could not be taken seriously. In his view, however, Mr. Verran's remarks were entitled to be consider it most seriously. (Mr. Verran-"I meant them seriously.") The fact that the Commissioner of Crown Lands, under clause 4. sought power to put the boy immigrants under practically the same control and jurisdiction as the boys of the reformatory schools showed he realised the connection. When the House rose the previous evening he was speak- ing on the question of boy labor, and he would like to read Inspector Fairweather's report in regard to that question. Mr. Fairweather said: "One can hardly imagine in this free country and in the twentieth century that conditions can exist akin to those which, in England 60 years ago. roused the pity and indignation of her statesmen when described in the stirring lines of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's "Cry of the Children," but in some of our dairying districts this is so. I met many instances where both before and after school hours. little children had heavy work on the farm. One girl walked seven and a half miles in coming to and from school; and milked nine cows both morning and evening. In such a case, is it any wonder that the child in school hours is often sleepy and unresponsive? That was the report of an absolutely independent inspector, and surely members would not now say there was no child labor. (Mr. Blacker-"That is a most isolated case.") He only hoped it was, but he regretted that there should be one such case. The fact that it was not the only case, however, was shown by the report of Inspector Robinson, from an entirely different district. He said: "Some of the teachers on the Cockburn railway line are greatly hampered in their work by the irregular hours at which pupils arrive and leave by goods trains, while those in some farming and dairying district? have good reason to complain of the interference caused by the demand for child labor." Mr. McDonald "What has this to do with the Bill?") He was talk- ing on the question of boy labor, which the Government intended to import. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "One of your colleagues said they were not boys.' ). He admitted some of them would be fairly old boys. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "There is a difference between them and boys of It and 12 years of age.") Did the Minister say no boys of 11 or 12 would be brought out? (The- Commissioner of Crown Lands "Nothing of the kind is contemplated.") The Minister was trying to mislead the House. He knew there was nothing in the Bill to prevent boys of 11 or 12 being brought out. (The Treasurer There is nothing in the Bill to prevent babies in arms from being brought out.") The object of the Bill was to have boys from the old country tied down to the farmers just as the slaves were tied to the American farmers years ago. (The Treasurer "You never lose a chance to liberate farmers.") He was telling the truth. It was; further stated in evidence in the report to which he had referred that "in one case the big- ger boys are kept at home for weeks at a stretch; in the other quite young children are on some farms engaged in milk- ing cows when they ought to be in bed or at play." Reports of that' nature should I be enquired into and steps taken to see such things did not recur. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands We don't want to be hard on some of your sup- porters.")- TheL,G<fï eminent were not even, friends of«gfeAUffcle^cMdren-, who could not help themselves. (The Tres- surer What a pity you are not their father.") When members heard the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Crown Lands sneering at the treatment received by tbe>.boys whose, parents resided in South' Australia it could only be supposed the lads it was proposed to bring out would be treated in the same contemptible a way. (Mr. Blacker "Those shipments are not true." Mr. Moseley-'-Where will I you get brighter and happier lot of children than among the farmers of South Australia"?") He recognised many farmers were sympathetic and large-hearted, but there were numbers of cases where children had been improperly treated. They need not expect the Government to exert themselves on behalf of the children, and though Mr. Parsons endeavored to show that the lads' interests would be safeguarded he had proved by the case he quoted not so long ago that one lad was not properly treated by a farmer for whom he was working. The Commissioner of Crown Lands had declared that she did not intend to bring out Lads of 11 and 12 years of age, but his interjection to the effect that provision was to be made for their education indicated clearly that the Minister did have in mind the likelihood, of chil- | dren of such tender years being introduced. (Mr. H. D. "x ong Don't you think the lads would be better off here than in England?") He did not know anything about the conditions in England, but he did know the conditions in Australia. (Mr. Young-"They are isolated cases.) Well, did not the hon. ' member realise that such cases might be greatly multiplied under the scheme, when so many more boys would be brought into the country and placed with farmers? Whenever an inspector went round it would simply be a case of the employer's word against that of the boy if there were any complaints, and they could depend upon it the inspector would accept the employer's version every time. He regretted that as he had another engagement he would be prevented from speaking at greater length on the subject. (Mr. Blacker-"Ask for leave to continue your remarks. It is a pity to lose any of this.'') That was an admirable suggestion, and he would ask for leave to continue his remarks, The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS No. Mr. JACKSON was glad to know Mr Blacker, at all events, had voted for him. What Mr. Parsons had said about the danger of sweating boys was sufficient justification for as he had said on that subject. He had no doubt that there were many other cases similar to the one he had quoted. He noticed the Commissioner of Crown Lands had said this was part of the general scheme of immigration under which during the past six months 1,742 persons had been introduced to South Australia. It was strange, however, that during the term referred to South Australia had not been able to retain her natural increase in population, for the figures showed a net decline in population of 410 in that period. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "You care not take short periods for those statistics. That is the explanation I have had from the Statist's office."') Perhaps there was something in that explanation. But. there was the fact South Australia had introduced 1,742 people in the six months, and the population at the end of the term was 410 less, so what good purpose was served by the immigration policy? (The Commissioner of Crown Lands-"Australia retains the influx.'') Yes, no doubt that was so; but the Commonwealth authorities should be the people to deal with the whole question of immigration. The Commissioner of Crown Lands might I think it an admirable thing that immigrants should go over to the other States, but he did not think it so. If things were made right in South Australia people would come here without our spending any money at all. There were three States controlled by the Liberal Union - South Australia. Victoria. and Tasmania. In spite of the immigrants who had been poured into Victoria during the last few years that State had lost 27 during the last two months and 4-ton had cleared out of Tasmania. Speaking from memory something like 12,000 people had gone into the Labor-governed States of Western Australia and New South Wales. he would vote against the second reading and against every clause of the Bill. | Mr. McDONALD congratulated the Commissioner of Crown Lands on having introduced a very practical and well-arranged Bill. No State required such a Bill! more than South Australia. The trial shipment I which arrived here, was a credit to those who selected it in the old country. They were just such boys as South Australia wants. (Mr. Blundell-"You talk of them as though they were cattle.") The hon. member could elaborate that point at the ' Destitute Asylum when he next went down to talk to the inmates. The Commissioner I of Crown Lands would have to sit not only on Thursday nights, but Friday and Friday j . nights if he wished to pass the Bill, because of the stonewalling tactics of the Opposition, which was a disgrace to the : progress of business. As an old member of the House he had never seen ' such obstruction as they had recently experienced from the Opposition. The Bill was moderate and opportune. A j lot of our industries were languishing for i j want of young people. (Mr. Green- i "Which?") Take dairying, which was in! want of young people to do the milking, There was plenty of work for boys on farms. What a Little Australia for the Opposition were! According to them, a ' great country like this, with all its opportunities, was to be kept back by their miserable cry, "Don't let anybody comes in; ! we are starving!" We had room for at > least 500 farm laborers during the next two months. The other side stud,' "Let the crops perish on the farms rather than to any boy immigrants." Last year we ned up some four million acres of land, we could that be worked with our pre- ' sent population? He did not want to flood the labor market, but where labor was urgently required it should be introduced. With wheat only 37 a bushel on the farm we could not afford to lose any of it. The cry of slavery had been raised. What a parrot cry it was. One case had been mentioned where a child had been harshly treated, but it was a farce to quote that case in a deliberative assembly as being characteristic. The children boarded out had not been treated like slaves. The cry was a sham, and was only used for electioneering purposes. There was no genuineness about it. There was no place where boys could be better absorbed, where better- homes were obtainable, or where the country could be more profitably developed than South Australia. It had been saved boys of 11 and 12 years of age were to be brought out. That was not correct. The Bill I did not propose that, and the authorities ; in Great Britain would not allow it. The ¡ boys would be 14 years old and upwards, j and would know what they were doing They would also be inspected as boarded' out children were. The Bill was' on strictly moderate lines. A trial ship- ment was brought out. and the boys were placed on farms. They went to various parts of the State, and most of them were in the same places now. There had not been a complaint from any of them. They were perfectly convenient, were earning good money, and making a good colonists, and in a few years they would become farmers themselves. There was no place in the world which offered better opportunities for such lads than South Australia. It seemed a shame, when the old country had the very class of immigrants they wanted that opposition should prevent them coming in edíení when it was for their own good sale ' cöngnrtülated"ttie~Commissioner oî'OnèflhSt Lands on the very sensible and practical. Bill, which it was the wish of adequate try should pass. ~ j Mr. SOUTHWOOD did not think it was the wish of the country that the Bill should pass. He did not know there had been a great demand for boy! labor among the farmers. ' If there had been "the house was entitled to the information. Section- 4, sub-section e (1), stated that the Minister may from time to time, by agreement in writing,. land such boy to any person- whom-the Minister considered suitable, to be taught such trade or calling as the Minister approved. He had as yet heard nothing advanced in support of a contention that trades- people required more apprentices; that they were not able to obtain the number of apprentices they wanted without importing them. All the arguments he had heard had been in respect of farming. Boys were to be brought in not to teach them a business, but to get cheap boy labor. There was a large amount of work on a farm that could be done by boys as well as by men, and that was the idea that prompted the Government to introduce the?' measure. Then there was the altruistic idea put forward by the Commissioner of Crown Lands that by bringing the boys out to South Austria he would be offering them better conditions of life. There was something of Socialism in that, and be liked it on principle. He would like to see the Commissioner adopt Socialism altogether, and make the Government the parent of the State and the people as a whole. The central idea of the Bill, that the Minister should exercise care and control over the boys after they were brought out here, appealed to him, for he feared the circumstances here were much as Mr. Jackson ' had pictured them. There were bad farmers as well as good ones, and their experience had been that some of the State children allotted to farmers had very bad I homes. The Government could not know the whole character of the farmers to whom they allotted the boys and he was therefore, pleased to see the Bill provided for the Minister retaining control. His great fear was that the position would not be properly placed before the boys in the old country, and if that their anticipa- ¡ tions would be build up so high that they would never be' realised. The result of im- j porting 50 boys to New Zealand, under Mr. I ' T. E. Sedgwick's scheme, had been fairly satisfactory, but he would like to draw attention to a couple of paragraphs in Mr. Sedgwick's report. Mr. Sedgwick said: x Right at the root of the matter, however, lies the necessity, for greater care to be taken in the selection of the boys." That was his great fear- that sufficient care would not be taken in selection. Mr. Sedgwick further said:- in no case should town boys, who are over the age of 17 years, be selected for farm work in New Zealand." The same thing, of course, applied to South Australia. They had no guarantee that the boys to be brought out would be selected from the rural districts of England. On the other hand, they had information that the agriculturists in England were experiencing a similar difficulty in getting \- suitable farm labor. Mr. R. Homburg, on his return from the other side of the world, I had mentioned that difficulty, and had sug- ! gested the importation of labor from Germany, Hungary, and other foreign countries. He would be the first to assist the Government in any attempt to induce people to come to South Australia, j Broadly speaking, he' realised that the country was able to carry a much greater , population than it was at present carrying. Coincident with the attempt to increase population, however, they should open up country, and make it available for the new corners. If the lads brought out, after serving an apprenticeship of three or four years with farmers, had some seasonable I expectation of getting farms of their own, of a scheme such as the Bill contemplated would be desirable. That, however, was not the position. A lad, after serving the term of his indentures, only became one of the army of casual laborers, for the farmer did not find it worth while to keep him on all the year round. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "That is a matter of education.") Very likely it was. Some farmers, already considered it worth while to keep a good man on permanently when they got one. The whole question of boy labor was involved. He did now think it necessary to introduce boy labor. In some districts there might be a difficulty in getting labor, but the reason was because the farmers all wanted to get their crops off at once. The present machinery enabled the crops to be taken off much more quickly than formerly, and the hybridised wheats were better able to stand the climate, the result being that the crops were not damaged so much as formerly through being;, left: standing. In his own district until recent years it was the custom to employ a large amount of boy labor, because of the inability of the farmers to pay the ordinary journeyman labor, and the consequence was when the boy reached the end of his term of apprenticeship he was discharged. The farmer would probably treat in the same way the boys to be introduced under the BAIL Generally speaking, toe difficulty in the country districts was that as soon as the boy had finished his term he had to go further afield. He was pleased to know there was no industry in South Australia better able to pay good wages than the farming industry, and he agreed with the Commissioner of Crown Lands that it was largely a matter of educating the farmers to employ labor all the year round, but it was also a matter of educat- ing the farmers to employ proper labor. There would be an outcry if the city factory owner overran his establishment with apprentices; yet the Bill would open the way for that. The Government set their back boldly against the inclusion of agricultural laborers in the scope of the Industrial Arbitration Bill, and he considered it important to enquire why mat was 60 There was no serious demand for labor. If the farming industry was languishing there would be some good argument in favor of the Bill, but the industry was most' profitable, and the farmers should be educated up to em I ploying suitable labor. The attractive home for the boy would be the home of the old-established farmer. (Mr. H. D. Young-"That is the man who requires him most.") The scrub farmer in his early days would not be likely to be in a position to employ labor, and the conditions would not be favorable for the boy. On serving his apprenticeship the boy's remuneration would not be sufficiently [ high to enable him to start farming on his own account. His only chance would be to go in for share farming. (Mr. H. I D. Young-"There could not be a better way'.'') That was certainly a good a way, but he did not think there were many good chances to-day. (Mr. H. D. Young-"Some of our richest men started on the share system.") He was aware of that, but there were not the same chances for a young man now. (Mr. H. D. Young-"Yes, there are.'") ¡ He believed there was a tendency on the part of farmers to discard the share system for a definite term on a fixed rental, j and that would shut out the young man 1 with no capital. (Mr. H. D. Young | "You are mistaken.'') He did not think so. As one who had served a term of _ apprenticeship he knew full well how are ' some it became during the last two or three years, and he believed that was the common experience of apprentices. 'Lads apprenticed to farmers would regard the contract in the same way.. Moreover, they had to remember that in industrial trades ' a young man's indentures were the hall- mark of his ability akin to the diploma issued by the universities to professional men-and proof that he had served his articles, and was a fully qualified trades- man. The same could not be said of the farm laborer at the end of his three years. It would merely be a guarantee that he had worked on a farm for that period, and there was more likelihood it would be a reminder to him that for the last year or two he had given his labor to a farmer at below its market value, and that it prevented him from taking advantage of any opportunity to go farming on shares. He believed the system would cause a good deal of trouble in the latter part of the apprenticeship, because of the profit the employer would reap from the lad's labor. (Mr. Blacker-"But the farmer would not get much profit at the start.") That would be no satisfaction to the lad. He was taking human nature as he found it, and as he held strong views on the apprenticeship question. he could not let the Bill's through without expressing his opinion on the whole subject. The desire appeared to be to introduce boy labor, and it was for the House to say whether that would be allowed. Under section 17 he observed regulations might be made prescribing the duties, powers, authorities, and privileges of any person employed in the administration of the Act, and also for regulating the punishment of the boys' to enforce discipline, and to govern the agree- ments. He had no doubt: that just regulations would he drawn up. but it would have been much better if the House had had an opponent to discuss the regulations with the Bill. Under the 1911 Act their only chance to deal with the regulations would be by resolution of either House after such regulations had been laid on the; table. He gathered from the Bill that the employers would, be compelled to teach«a-bov;-.and that his education would be provided for He" approved of the provision that a person should not be boundy after reaching, the age of 21, years. The minimum age for apprenticeship which the Minister had in mind was 15 years. | the Commissioner of Crown Lands boy should be 15 to 17 years old when bound. He will then be from 18 to 20 when he finishes his term.") He was opposed to the Bill and would vote against the second reading, but his would not be a party vote. He did not think the Bill was necessary, or that the position had been fairly placed before the' boys of the old country. He did not mean to infer that the Minister would be a party to any under- hand conduct. The complaint (of the immigrants was that Australia had been I over- boomed. Several of them who were living at the same place as himself in Adelaide said that the position was not properly put before them, and that if they had had an idea of the conditions in South Australia they would never have come here. Mr. McDonald had called the Opposition "Little Australians." He was a product of Australia. (Mr. Blacker "Then you should not cry stinking fish.") The hon. member had not heard him cry stinking fish. He was rather optimistic, and thought this the best country in the world, and that the agriculturist of South Australia outstripped the agriculturist of any of the other States. He only said that he did not see the necessity for this Bill, and. foreshadowed certain evils which he believed would occur. (Mr. Blacker-"You think the farmer is not fit to have a boy working for him.") He never said that in any way. He had not said one word derogatory to the farmer, but he did not think the farmer was entitled to any protection which was not given to other employers. Mr. McDonald had asked how we could open up four million acres without immigration. If we wished to open up that land the best we could do was to offer more attraction for people to go on the land; and that was another question altogether. As a journalist he had -written articles on the question before the Government passed the Advances to Settlers Act, and had embodied his views in a pamphlet entitled "How to place the man with £400 on the land." He did not approach the Bill in a spirit of partisanship, and nothing he had said could be regarded as malicious. The principle of the Bill was wrong. If he had not given thought to it he might have been led away by the arguments of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, but not by the partisan speech of Mr. McDonald. He was not one of a party composed of "Little Australians." He would like to be a big Australian. This was a great and glorious country, and it had a great and glorious future. In- stead of importing immigrants, however, it would be better to improve their agricultural conditions so that people would be attracted here. Mr. PFLAUM said some of the arguments of Mr. Southwood against the Bill were worth considering. The remarks of Mr. Jackson, however, were uncalled for. That hon. member said the Government intended to bring children thousands of miles to make them slaves. The Bill had been introduced to assist suitable immigrants. Complaints had been made in the past that unsuitable immigrants had congested the labor market. The Government were trying to overcome that difficulty, and that could be done to a large extent by bringing youths from the old country and training them to be good farmers and citizens. Mr. Jackson looked upon the farming community as belonging to the worst class. (Mr. Vaughan "That is ridiculous and grossly mislead- ing. Mr. Cole-"He did not say that.") He did. Mr. Jackson had previously stated that when he was travelling with a a Commission in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, people would point to the South Australian farmers and say they wished they had more like them. South Australian, farmers were always progressive, and Parliament might well allow boys * to. be apprenticed to them. ' It had been '-stated that the boys might be made to work long hours, but the Government could make regulations fixing the hours and wages. (Mr. Vaughan \- -" The difficulty is supervision.") They would be supervised as boarded-out children were. The- farmers liked a good home, and made others feel that they belonged to it. The young people would be looked upon as members of the family, and after their apprenticeship the farmers would doubtless assist them to make a start for themselves. The conditions in the old country were not nearly so good as in the sunny south. South Australia was the best part of the world, and there was not another country as prosperous. Boys ought to be given a chance to better themselves. He believed they were the best class of immigrants, and would become acclimatised quicker than a man would. The Bill, properly administered, should be a great advantage to South Australia. Mr. MACGILLIVRAY said the question should not be a party one. This was one of the biggest problems with which they had to dial. They need not go out of the State. They should commence at home and put their own house in order first. There were no parents in England of the class who would be affected by the Bill who could afford to let their children leave when they were beginning to help the home by their earnings. That meant that the waifs and strays would be sent out, and they would be more difficult to manage than our own boys. He had been in all parts of the world, and he had never known a system of apprenticeship to agriculturists to succeeds It was very likely to be a failure in South Australia because very few farmers employed more than one or two men all the year round. How was it possible to apprentice . boys unless they were found something to do? The farmers were not so short-sighted as to pay a boy wages for several years if they had no work for him. They had no spare cash to do that. Only a few men would be able to take boys, for it would be out of the question to send the boys into the new country where men were struggling with very little capital and with no accommodation for anyone. He knew the conditions here 30 or 40 years ago, and, no matter how hard up he had been then, he would never have consented to live in some of the places he had known men to live in. She had gone into places where the men slept, and had come out covered with vermin. Some of them had not even a hut to shelter them, and had to sleep in a reaping machine. Those were the conditions then, and he assumed they were much the same now in the new country. (Mr. Blacker-''You^ assume, a lot.") He had been a victim of the low wages and slavery on farms, and he knew what he was talking about. They had reports from the other States, where farmers had treated even their own children in such a way that the authorities had had to step in and stop them. They had a case brought under their notice where a farmer had got his children out at 4 o'clock in the morning and kept them playing till 10 o'clock, at night, and then said head such-a hard struggle that he could not afford to let them go to school. Nor was sweating restricted to farmers. He knew of men in the city who had been pillars of the church. ; but who, before the introduction of wages boards, had sweated children as much as the farmers did. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "What about the men who sweet their employers?") The workmen in South Australia, if properly treated, were as honest as any they would find in the world. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands Are not the employers honest, too?") He was only referring to some of them. The Commissioner of Crown Lands "Are not some of the employes as bad?") No matter who a man was the greed of gain was ingrained in him, and if some of them got the opportunity they would swear anybody. The employers were not altogether to blame. It was the keen' competition. Everyone did not desire to grind down their employes, but if there were a few unscrupulous men the others had to come down to their level to compete with them. Now they were all paying the same wage and conditions were much improved as a consequence. Before the Government endeavored to bring in children from outside to place with the farmers they should make the same offer to their own children. He was sure hundreds would have accepted it if they had been assured they were going to humane men, who would look after them. The strictest supervision would have to be exercised in selecting the children in England, for many undesirables had already been introduced, and they did not want any more. The strictest supervision would be needed over the farmers, too. In Victoria children in charitable institutions were not allowed to go out on some of the dairy farms, because of the hours they would be made to work there. They must; be careful lest a similar state of affairs was repeated here. He would quote a paragraph to show she effects of sweating "farm laborers in England. It read as follows: A pathetic story of the effects of poverty among English laborers' wives is told by Mr. Arthur Hunter, who in the course of a letter to a London exchange writes -"It is not generally known that to-day there are over 300 wives of agricultural laborers in the Norfolk County Lunatic Asylum, driven mad by the struggle to feed and clothe a family upon j 137 per week. Mental stress, shortage '. of food, and the wretchedly poor quality of what they did have drove these poor ¡ creatures co their present state. This ' is fully borne out by the county medical officers."'" They should be very careful, they did not bring something of that kind into this fair land. As soon as they began to encourage waifs and strays to come in, there was a danger of sweating, for the Commissioner of Crown Lands could not be always looking after them, and if they made any complaints, the word of their employer would always be believed against them. When the boys had served their time they would be turned adrift when they should be settling down in homes of their own. They would drift to the large centres of population.' because casual employment in the country districts was the most dis- couraging experience imaginable. In South Australia the farmers did not employ labor all the year round, as the farmers did in New Zealand. In Canada the men were assisted more than in South Australia, and the Government should do more in the direction of assisting energetic young men. Very few men had enough capital to start farming, and the Government should fence the land and put up a house for the settler. There would be a much bigger opening for young farmers if the old established farmers would subdivide their own land for their sons instead of assisting their sons to take up large areas of - new country, which was within the reach of the man with small means. If the big farmers would not be so grasping there would be better opportunities for those who were in need of land. He would like the Government to try to make farmers of more South Australian boys. He opposed the introduction of British boys. One experiment would be quite enough, because a continuance would mean flood- ing the country with an undesirable class of lads. Parents in the old country could not afford to let their boys leave England when they were able to earn a little to assist their parents in keeping the home going. Mr. BURGOYNE said as one born and brought upon a farm in the old country, who had perhaps seen as much as any member of the rural life of South Australia, he might be able to judge fairly on the question before the abuse. he heartily supported the Bill, because, if read in conjunction with the previous Immigra- tion Act, it provided for the necessities of the young people in the old country and the necessities of those who were the mainstay of South Australia. The "B"E did that in a careful way, leaving nothing to chance, and providing adequately for the protection of the young- immigrants. having been in South Australia for over ! 10 years, he had been instrumental in the introduction of a good many young people to the State, and he knew of no instance in which they regretted having come here. Some of them had done very well indeed. Ann he wanted to know now why they should refuse this opportunity to others who might be in unfortunate circumstances in the old country? There were undoubtedly much greater advantages for young people ; here than in the mother country. 13c admired the solicitude of members of the Opposition, for the welfare of the boys, but he could not help' thinking that any outsider listening to the debate would come to the conclusion that the long speeches of the members opposite were delivered for the purpose of obstructing the- Bill. (Mr. vaughan "Do you cast that reflection on the Op- positions) He did not, because he, knew the excellent qualities of the members opposite; but he was saying that a listener to the debate would probably arrive at: that conclusion. The Bill would benefit a large number of young people who would be brought out to South Australia. and therefore the State would be benefited. The young people would be trained to become producers, and not parasites, living upon The producer and contributing little or nothing to the general prosperity of the State. He congratulated the Commissioner of' Crown Lands on having introduced the Bill, which would receive his hearty support. Mr. COLE was surprised at the paucity of the argument of Hu- hon. member for Flinders. The Commissioner of Crown Lands? had declared that the principal difficulty that confronted _ the agricultural _ worker was the intermittent character of his employment, and said it was largely a matter of educating the farmer. He did not know how long they would have to wait for that process of education to be completed. but it was generally recognised that employment on the" farms of this country was most precarious, and if the Government were sincere in their protestations for the welfare of the agricultural laborer they should not have opposed so , strongly the proposal to include the rural workers with the Industrial Arbitration Bill. Personally, he did not anticipate there would be any amelioration of the lot of the agricultural workers until they had an opportunity to place their case before the Arbitration Court. Mr. McDonald, referring!; to some of the lads already employed by the farmers, said they were getting good wages. What was that rate? He happened to know it was from 10/ to 15/ a week, with board and lodging, of course, and the lads were doing men's work. It would take a long time at that rate before a lad could put by a decent nest egg for himself and start farming on his own account. They could not get away from the fact that as at present conducted farming offered few attractions for boys. The experience of the Booborowie Training Farm proved that. Only 17 boys had passed through that institution, and of that number three stayed only one week. The idea of the Bill was to get cheap labor for the farmers. CMr. Blacker You mean to say that the farmers want to rob the boys.") If the hon. member, with his experience of farmers, could draw that inference from the statement he was at liberty to do so, but he (Mr. Cole) did not put it that way. He knew that there were many farmers who could be depended on to treat their employes fairly, and even generously; but faint work was heavy, and unfortunately there were farmers who were not considerate. Recently he received a letter from a young man, 28 years of age. who was earning his livelihood on a farm. This young man, writes-I have had a lot of experience with farmers in the 28 years of my existence, and the first taste or rural bliss that I had was when nearly 12 years of age. My father had the misfortune through an accident to be physically, incapacitated for life; he lost one leg. I was the eldest of a family of five children and li years and 9 months of age. I had intended to study for a position, by which, perhaps, I might have made what is generally considered a successful man. However, having passed the education standard at the public school, I left school and looked for, a job with the object of assisting my mother and the little ones in their struggle for existence. I found a situation, and I was to receive 50 per week, and my work, we understood, was to be fetching More cows and horse and doing odd jobs about the place. However, I soon found out that a little more than that was expected, and, besides running after the cows, &c.;, I was introduced to my team of five horses and a scarifier, and after that the harrows; and then harvest came on, and I had to stock the hay behind the binder; in fact, I was filling the place of a Trian, or partly so, at any rate. My father was lying in the Port Pirie HoM pital. and the doctors said he would not get better. When I had, been working some time the farmer evidently desired to dispense with my services, and accordingly visited and informed my mother that he would not require my services after another fortnight, and also that he could not afford to pay me 5/ per week, but. only 4. When the fortnight had expired there was one month's salary due to me, which should have been £1 at 5/ per week: but would you believe it, he paid me off with 18, which was 4/ per week for the last fortnight, which was contrary to our verbal agreement. I have steered a reaper all day, and also turned a winnower all day in the boiling sun, with the sweat running off and oozing through my Motives; even Carried wheat (big bags), for the princely sum of 5/ per week, and not quite 16 years of age. I have learnt to sympathise with the toiler, for personal ex- perience is a good tutor; and when, for instance, I notice that the present Government are importing boys as apprentices' to farmers at from 3 to 15/ per week, one who has been through the mill! knows that these boys are really taking the place of men, and they certainly have. my sympathy. Did you notice that they were over-applied for?" (The Treasurer's "One would think that was drawn up by a skilful lawyer.") It was written by a working man with a limited amount of education. He was now living in the same town as the man who employed him, and who today occupied a spacious house as a wealthy retired farmer, while the young man was still a laborer dependent upon his weekly wage. That boy was not fairly dealt with. Mr. Pflaum resented the re- mark that farm work was a condition of slavery. Well, it depended a good deal on who the employer was. He knew of 4 married couple on a farm some years ap: who were paid only 25 a week, and 5 was deducted for rent. given in recent years he knew of a case where a young married man was kept at work through the years at 25/ a week and 30 at harvest time. He protested against the Bill, because behind it was the desire of the farming community to get labor at a cheaper rate. Of the 81 so-called boys imported from the United Kingdom and placed with farmers 19 were over 17 years of age, 31 over 19 years, 20 over 19 years, and five over :!<> years, and they were expected to supplant older men who might be married and have families. It was" said that farmers had a difficulty owing to shortage of labor, but it would be very hard to find an instance where a crop remained unreaped on that account. If farmers wanted more help they should make the occupation of the farm laborer as attractive as possible, and make the wages commensurate with the work and its profits. The experience of the North Booborowie training farm was certainly unfortunate. The fact that only 17 boys applied for admission indicated a lack of attractiveness in farm work. None of the boys were placed out with farmers, although some upon leaving said they were going to work with private farmers. The largest number at the farm at any one time was 15. and he believed the latest return showed only three. The Government were asked what they proposed to do, and he understood that the matter was now under consideration. UP would be sorry if the fans were closed. He would like to see greater advantage taken of it, because farming was the best occupation for boys to enter. More men would enter the farming industry if the Government would assist laborers to join together so that their grievances might be redressed. Mr. BLACKER had intended to move the adjournment of the debate but the time had been wasted so much by members on the other side that they would have to get on with the business faster if they were to finish before Christmas, and those who had never talked much would have to talk less. He had never, before heard such double-distilled trash is the 22 years he had been a member than that talked that afternoon. (The Treasurer "Hear, hear.) The Labor Party claimed to be the farmers' friends. In reality they were not, while the hon. members on the Government side did more for the laboring classes than the Opposition members did. He was not particularly fond of the Bill!. He would not care to have one of these boys unless he was sure what sort of a lad he was. A number would be useless, and the farmers who had them for a number of years might wish they could get rid of them. Mr. Mae GUIivray seemed to think the bulk of the farmers were bad. One or two might be but the greater number were: good. Martin Tupper in his "Proverbial Philosophy said "I've sped far by land and sea, And mingled with much people; But never yet found a shot Toussard by human kindness. Some more and some less, But truly all can claim a little, and a man may travel through the world and saw it thick with friendships.'' He had travelled about the back blocks and the bulk of the people he met were good fellows and would help anyone is: the best of their ability. Some boys might be treated badly, but most of them were treated well, and were able to save money. If young fellows came out in a country like this they were bound to do well. Mr. Cole had talked a lot of utter rubbish, and Mr. MacGillivray did not mean hall he said. He spoke to the gallery and to the men at Port Adelaide. The members on the other side seemed to think the farmers were totally indifferent to the comforts of" those who worked for them. He would not have risen to speak, but for the slur thrown on the farmers. (The Hon, J. Verran-"Arc you going to \Q\S for the Bill?'') He was it would not do any harm if it would not do any good. (The Hon. J. Ver- ransom would be a good man to travel for Dr. William's Pmii Piltz He repudiated with scorn the suggestion made that the farmers treated their em- ployes badly. It was not true. Even this year, when they had had a most anxious time because of the uncertainty of the season, the men had nothing to complain of. There was every chance for a man to do well in South Australia. Possibly the land laws could be altered, so that the land would not be let out in such big areas. Alexandra, for instance, was capable of carrying the whole population in South Australia. The land would be made available before long, however, and there need be no fear the State would be over- crowded. He was worry they had had such a heated debate over a trifling Bill. Everyone knew the boys would be treated well in the main. They were enjoying prosperity themselves. and they would like to see young men of their own blood come out from England and do as well. Mr. ANSTEY was glad five members on the other side of the House had had the courage to express their opinions on the Bill. It was refreshing after their conspiracy of silence on other measures. The Bill provided that boys could be brought out and apprenticed to any trade or industry; but, apart from the farm- ing community, there would be very few openings for the boys when they came out. The wages offered to apprentices in most trades were so small coat the boys could not possibly come out to the State and support themselves on them, unless the Government helped them. A lad apprenticed to a carpenter, for instance, would only get 7/6 a week for the first year. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "That is less than the farmers will pay the boy. They will give 10/ a week and keep.") Was that what the Government stipulated? (The Commissioner of Crown Lands We have never sent out a boy at less than that.") it was not fixed in the Bill. Farmers to-day might be paying 10s a week for able bodied boys, but they would not necessarily pay the same for apprentices. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands We have had a considerable number of applications for apprentice boys on these terms.") A boy brought out under this Bill and apprenticed to another trade would be in an entirely different position from a boy apprenticed to a farmer. For some years he would be of very little value to his employer, for he would require a considerable amount of practice before he could handle the tools well enough to turn out a decent bit of work. (Mr. Moseley "Is it not the same with farming?") He did not think so. It did not take a boy six years to learn all that was required on a farm. He could pick up enough knowledge to be useful in a few weeks. He hoped the Government did not intend to bring out boys and apprentice them to farmers for six years, as they would have to apprentice them to other trades. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "There is a three years' limit.") Three years was quite sufficient. (T w Commissioner of Crown Lands In all the circulars issued the proposal is that the boy should receive the full current wages during the third year of the . term.") They did not know what the farmer would consider the current wages. As with employers generally some farmers were good employers, and would pay fair wages, while others would not give men a penny more than they Kydd help.. When on the lower part of Yorke Peninsula recently he met a farmer whose men had struck for a rise of wages from 22/6 to 25/, and he came across another farmer who was paying 45 a week and giving the employes a cottage, the use of A cow, and all the firewood he required. (The Treasurer's suppose the 22/6 was in addition to keep. ) Probably that was so. It would be necessary to apprentice the boys to farmers and not to other trades, because the farmers would feed and clothe them. Men had not been prepared to accept the wages offered by farmers at harvest time because they could get higher wages elsewhere, and the Bill was intended to supply that labor. It had been mentioned by Mr. Parsons that there was nothing more discouraging than casual work, and that the Bill would give the lads permanent employment, fair wages, and good horner Mr. Parsons, might have gone further and said there! was nothing more demoralising than casual employment. When the boy's term was up and he had not quite pleased the farmer in every respect, he was to be cast adrift. (The Treasurer "Does not that apply to all apprentices?") Yes, but the farmer could get another apprentice or two, while the employer in an industrial undertaking would think it suicidal to dispense with all his skilled hands and put on improvers. Any boy of intelligence could learn in a few weeks to drive a reaper or harvester and do the ordinary work on a farm. He was not opposed to the apprentice system, because it produced skilled men, and the presently factory conditions enabled a lad to become skilled by the time he was out of his indentures. The average farmer could dispense with labor in the slack season. He was afraid the object of the Bill was not to help the boys in the old country, but to provide cheap labor for the farm. The result would be that on reaching the age of 21 years the majority of the boys would drift towards the large centres of population. A large number of the unemployed were able-bodied men and were willing and anxious to get work; but they were obliged to drift about from seed time to harvest, doing a little work here and there, until finally they found themselves in the big army of the unemployed at the Labor Bureau. This unfortunate state of affairs would be intensified as the result of the Government policy as outlined in the Bill. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "Your argument does not fit in with the other statements from your side, that the newcomers will compete with the Australians for the land available.") The Commissioner of Crown Lands knew very well that even now there were 50 or 60 applicants for every block of land offered. (The Treasurer You know nothing about your subject.") He knew exactly what he was talking about. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "You are referring to one or two blocks around the stations. You have evidently not studied the position during the last few months.") The land hunger was so great that people were tumbling over each other to get blocks. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "Around the townships.") The opportunities for farming on halves were few and far between (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "No.") Would the Commissioner of Crown Lane's say there were hundreds of chances? (The Commissioner of Crown Landes have not the slightest doubt there are." The Minister meant he had not the slightest idea (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "You know you are talk- ing on a subject you are not well versed so') He knew for all the chances offer ing there were plenty of people ready to take them, and that the boys who were to be brought out under the scheme would find when their time was up that their services would be no longer required until shearing or harvest time. He repudiated the suggestion that members of the Oppo- sion were obstructing the Bill, which the Government the previous evening sought to force through at the second sitting. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands it has been on the notice- paper for 57 days.") Then whose fault was it but that of the Government that the measure had not been brought on earlier? When the Government sought by the Bill to bring out boys from the mother country he felt inclined to ask What the matter with the Australian boys? Were there no. boys in South Australia fit to take such positions? (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "It there are any willing to do the work why are they not apprenticed?") They had not the opportunity. (The Commissioner of Crown Lindfe7-"0h. yes. they have. There is no law against apprenticeship.") In the first place they would have to find the farmer who was willing. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "That is not diffi- cult." Mr. Southwood-"Australian boys know too much to be apprenticed to far- I mers.'') Before a parent or guardian apprenticed a boy to a farmer he would want to know the hours and conditions of employment, and particulars on these questions could not be so readily obtained in England. No doubt some parents or guardians in England would have some vague idea or hope that if a boy came out here under the Government proposal, his employer at the end of his term of apprenticeship would take the lad into partnership or help him in some other way. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "You don't suggest the lads will make a mistake if they come out here, do you?") Many of them would think so at the close of their apprenticeship. ("The Commissioner of Crown Lands "The how do you reconcile that opinion with the action of the Federal Government and your friends who spent £20.000 last year in advertising Aus- tralia.") That was a different thing. If a man came out here as the result of the advertisements he would do so with his eyes open, but it was different with a boy, even it he was well treated during his term of apprenticeship there was no guarantee that he would be employed afterwards. The farmer did not get sufficient labor because he did not offer fair terms and conditions. It was just as bad for the immigrant to starve in Australia as in London. (The Treasurer "This is such a poor country, then?") It had not proved a starving country for the Ministers. (The Treasurer "You are picturing it as such.") No: he was only sounding a note of warn- ing. It only required one bad season in South Australia and hundreds of men were out of work; two bad seasons and there were thousands out of work. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands -"No country offers a certainty of continuous prosperity.") Perhaps not, but still a note of warning should be sounded. In the best of times we had sufficient unskilled labor to do everything. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "Your party did not think that two years ago.") Yes. they did, but, a number of employers in the country were out of sympathy ; with the Labor Exchange and were not prepared to apply through the local exchanges for the men whom they required He was prepared to admit there was a scarcity of. Skill labor for a certain time. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands The farmers could not get men at harvest time at £2 and £2 like a week, and poor stuff some of the men were.") There might have been some isolated cases of that sort. In the season before last the rainfall was late. In the agricultural machinery line, in the previous November, the employers said they could do with 200 or 300 more men, but in February or March they put nearly 300 men out of employment because of a slack- ness in orders. If the men they asked for had been obtained from outside it would merely have added to the number of unemployed. It was a crime to bring men here if we could not ensure them more than a few months' work. Our population ought to increase on fair and equit- able lines. He would oppose the Bill. At 6.30 p.m. the sitting of the House was suspended for one hour. On resuming, The TREASURER said the. speeches delivered that afternoon by some members of the Opposition served to show that what they did not know about farming would fill a volume of large capacity. Mr. Jackson's unwarranted abuse of the farm- ing community, called for some reply from hon. members representing farming districts. It seemed as if the, specimens of farmers'-whom Messrs. Jackson and Cole' had met were of a peculiar sort. They had been told - that a farmer was a man who made his living very easily. (Mr. Cole "Who said so?") Mr. T Anstey pictured the farmer as one who grew rich - by making boys toil for him. It was said that he lived by exploiting the labor of those innocents. (Mr." Anstey's" made no such statement.") That was the way in which Mr. Jackson referred time after time to these youths. 'A farmer's life was sometimes a pleasant occupation, but it was one of toil of great anxiety, and one in which the chances of success were in many " instances only equalled by the chances of disaster. They knew, too, that the farm laborer did not always remain a farm laborer in this State. It had been stated, by those who had an opportunity of knowing, that as many as 75 percent, of our successful farmers had begun life as farm laborers. If that was the case there was hope for the farm laborer, and a bright prospect of success if he was willing to be frugal and employ those arts of industry and perseverance, without which no man or nation had prospered. A member of the House speaking some time ago. he was inclined to. think more sportively than seriously, said the farmers of the State had had too good a time, that the Lord had been too good to them, and that if the Lord knew His business he would have mixed things up differently so that the farmers would not have too many good seasons in succession; but that, like streaky bacon, there would have been one good year, one bad year, and so on. He was not complaining of the Speech. but it exhibited the extraordinary views some people held on the farming industry. (The Hon. J. Verran "I hold some very extreme views.") He was not alone in that respect. Some hon. members were inclined to think those ODOO site were a party holding extreme views, and they could not be surprised when the rest of the House or the country looked askance at them. Mr. Jackson gave the State one of the worst advertisements it could possibly have in the eyes of the people who did not know South Australia. Mr. Jackson spoke in general terms, and any reader of his remarks who did not known better would come to the conclusion that it was a State in which to my boys among the farmers would be little less than condemning them to slavery. A grosser libel on the farming community was never uttered in Parliament. Mr. Anstey's statement was no more helpful from an advertising point of view. His statement was that notwithstanding the £20,000 which the Federal Government, assisted by South Australia and the other States, spent on advertising, It was not a proper place for people overseas to (come to. (Mr. Anstey-"That is the construction you put on it." It was the only proper construction. His line of argument was that they should not bring people to the State until they were quite sure they could guarantee them in com- fortable and lucrative positions for the rest of their lives. (Mr. Anstev-"They should have opportunities of making a bring." The Commissioner of _ Crown Lands The Federal pamphlet said Australia was a land of opportunities.'') The opportunities were there. South Australia was the land of golden opportunities, and many of his friends, as well as himself, who had come from overseas, had found out that to their satisfaction and to his. Mr. Anstey had found it to be the best land. If anyone had not, they invited him to a better land, and they would be glad to see him off. They would be glad to speed some of their hon. friends opposite on their way, and hoped they would find a land better than the one in which they were living. (Mr. Vaughan-"The better land is far. far away.") It would be when his hon. friend tried to seek it. but they hoped he would get there some time. He controverted the statement that South Australia was not a good land. It was a land of great opportunities still. Did they think that the 400 000 people in South Australia had exhausted the potentialities and possibilities of the State? (Mr. An-1 stey-"Not by any means.") If that were so they would have made a woeful mistake in expending the money they had expended, and which they proposed to expended. on the extension of railways, water conservation, and many other schemes. Mr Vaughan had openly declared in debate that South Australia could hold at least four million people. He fully agreed. But how were they to get those people? By decrying the land and retarding its pro press, or by exhibiting their faith in the country and invite other people to come and help them develop it? They in themselves were not sufficient to develop it. How were they to construct the railways author's!, and for which authorisation was being asked, if they relied only on the labor market in South Australia as they knew it at present? (Mr. South wood "You are speaking generally of small gration.") He was dealing particularly with immigration of youths and apprenticeship to farmers, because be believed that would be found one of the most useful forms of immigration the State could adopt. Some' members opposite seemed to hold the view that South Australia was, fully populated, and that seemed to be Mr. Anstey s argument, li it was not fully populated, what could possibly be the objection w inviting immigrants, their own kith and lan to share their good fortune? (Mr. fcouthwood-"Make- condition;, acceptable and they will come") They were trying to do that by the expenditure of capital, for which they were making themselves liable to a heavier and heavier extent year after year. (Mr. Southwood-"There are men out of work) He knew that contention, but it was not substantiated by any fine of argument. He had heard the statement that they should not attempt to get anyone here as long as there was unemployment. Speaking in general terms, what was unemployment? Did it mean there would be no unemployment in everyone was comfortably settled in a position and did not want to get out of it? (Mr. Anstey-"That would be a good state of affairs it was idealistic, and was not likely to be realised in their lifetime or in that of their posterity. The way it was put was, "We are not ready for them yet; next year we might have a bad season." With those people the proper time never seemed to arrive when they should take active steps to get a greater number of people out. Why did not they honestly tell them they were opposed to immigra- tion in every shape and form? They could understand that. And now, although they did not say so, the Government knew that was in their minds, and that was the policy of the party at the back of them. (Mr. Denny-"Nothing of the kind.") Then he was in direct opposition to the policy of his own party at the Trades Hall. A resolution against immigration was passed at that famous public meeting, when the late Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Vaughan) introduced a Bill for immigra- tion. (Mr. Denny-"We carried the Bill.") Against the dictates of their own party. Mr. Jackson had characterised the tanning community as selfish, unfeeling people, who would grind the soul out of the helpless kiddies, whom he referred to so often. Mr. Jackson had no grounds on which to condemn that large class of people whom they held to be the backbone of the State, and for whom they had the greatest respect when they solicited their suffrages. It was just as well the speech was delivered that day, so that the farmers would see in cold print the view held of them by some hon. members. He called on Mr. Denny, who was a farmer himself, to stand up and defend that class which he represented so well. Mr. Denny knew the conditions of farm life were not such as Mr. Jackson described, and that the farming community were not waiting to exploit the labor of those kiddies, as Mr. Jackson had so classically expressed it, and to get rich by sweat- ing those poor helpless weaklings they invited to South Australia. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands-office- cording to theft we are dragging these boys here.") According to the Opposition they were simply, dragons waiting to de- vour the innocent children. (Mr. Denny "You need not make guns") They had to judge people by the average, and not by a few cases, such as had been mentioned, and which might have been only figments of the fertile imagination of the hon. member for Stanley (Mr. Jackson). While he had every respect for the inspectors whom Mr. Jackson had quoted, he was of opinion that inspectors of schools should not be in too great a hurry to pass a general condemnation on a large section of the public, unless they had grounds for their verdict that could not be challenged. The inspectors were in a community only for an hour or two, and that was not sufficient to enable them to pass such a sweep- ing condemnation as had been read to them that afternoon. It was unfair the impression should be given that such a state of affairs - was general in the country districts. The reports went to prove other facts. Many of their farmers were poor? men, availing themselves of the opportunity to take up land under the terms which removed the barriers which previously existed restricting agriculture to the capitalist, and against which the Labor Party had professed to be so strongly op- posed. Sometimes those people had Farm., as with them in the struggle in new country, and frequently they had to keep their children at home to help in the harvesting. Would hon. members blame them for that?. Were they not, even in that, trying to do their best for their children, inas- much as they were making a home for them rather than returning, to the city and join the ranks of the unemployed." Instead of blaming them they should speak in terms of the highest admiration of their pluck in putting up with such hardships. The children were to be sympathised with, but so were the parents, for they could assume that no parent cared to see his own children worked longer than was necessary. It was no use complaining against such things, for nobody could expect the country to succeed without really hard work on the farms, and especially in the newer country. He regretted Mr. Jackson had seen fit to speak in such harsh and practically libellous terms of a large section of the community as he had done, and he was sure his words did not represent the feelings of the bulk of the members on the Opposition side. Nobody could cavil at the tenor of Mr. Southwood a speech. It had been argumentative, but not abusive. That hon. member evidently knew the farming community better than did Mr. Jackson. Mr. Cole, however, had presented another of those pathetic cases that had unfortunately been so numerous in his district and in his experience. They could not forget that a year or two ago, when speaking on the question of allowing compensation to firm laborers, Mr. Cole had drawn a harrowing-to use an agricultural term picture of the sufferings of a lad in his district who had met with so ' many accklcnt-i that the hearts of all of them had been moved. Speaking from memory, the tale of the first accident had been something like this. There was a farm waggon standing at the door of an hotel, with the owner inside taking a j lemonade or some other refresher. A ' sportive youth, with all the adventurous spirit of his years, jumped into the wag- j gon, grabbed the reins, and drove off. He upset the whole outfit and broke his arm. That was the first misfortune of that the term ting but unfortunate youth. Because ! he was in the farmer's waggon Mr. Cole j had contended he was entitled to compen- ¡ sa tion. That was not all, however. The I boy had a still more interesting future- and the point was that the same thing ? might happen to any of the boys they were bringing out. In the neighbor's yard was a nest of promising young jackasses. The same boy poked his arm down the limb to get the birds, the limb broke, and the boy fell, and there was another claim for compensation. (Mr. Vaughan-"Mr. Cole did not say anything of the kind." Mr. Denny -"It is another of the Premier's exaggera- tions.") Then that afternoon they had the case of another boy, still from the same interesting district, who had also fallen down and broken his arm in carrying out { some equally useful work. His father also had been bow-legged and squint-eyed. With such children and parents in the district they could not be surprised at the charac- year of its representatives. With squint eyed and bow-legged electors they could expect nothing else. Mr. VAUGHAN-On a point of order, Mr. Speaker. I desire to call your attention to the fact that interruptions when a member is speaking are not allowed, and I ask that steps be taken to prevent any interruption. The TREASURER had heard nothing that worried him. Mr. Jackson had made frequent references to ''kiddies" and friendless walls with no one to look after | them." All hon. members, however, knew that the Bill contemplated bringing out, a not "kiddies," but youths of from 16 to 13 years of age. The objects of the Bill were to bring out youths who had a strong wish and desire to enter into the. life of farm- ing, and they were not likely to be children of tender years, such as the hon. member had endeavored to imply by the word "kiddie." When in England a few months ago he had the pleasure of giving an address before the Kentish Colonising Association at Tunbridge Wells on farm life and prospects in South Australia. The ladies and gentlemen connected with that organisa- tion had banded themselves together not for the nefarious purpose of sending "wasters" to the oversea Dominions, but to assisting young men of good character, and having a strong desire to go to Canada or Australia. It was declared in his hearing by Sir John Bromhead Matthews, a retired judge of the Straits Settlement, a now living at Tunbridge Wells, that the object of the association was not to help anyone who was not of good character and not likely to be a credit to the county of Kent and to the Empire. After his address he was pleased to get several letters from young fellows making further enquiries as to their prospects of success in Australia, and he was gratified to know some of them had reached the Commonwealth even before he returned to Adelaide. He ascertained on arrival that they were getting on exceptionally well, having been placed with some of South Australia's best farmers. One of the lads came to Mr. Robert Kelly, of the Land Board, and was very pleased with his new home, and he gave promise of becoming a prosperous farmer on his own account before many years had passed. The pity was that party opposition to such a measure should cause members opposite to describe farming life in South Australia from some of the most despicable examples of it rather than from the average conditions (Mr. Southwood "This Bill will not admit of infants in arms being indentured under it.") Neither would n include children of tender years. If the measure became law it would have to be worked, like most Acts of that character, by means of regulations, which would have to be approved by Parliament before they became law, and the Minister, whether he belonged to the Labor or the Liberal Parry, would have to justify his administration in the eyes of Parliament. It had been argued by Mr. Anstey that there was no room for any more people in South Australia. (Mr. Anstey-"That is your construction of my argument.") What did the hon. member mean then? The whole drift of his speech was that they could not do with more people, and it would be dangerous to bring them out. Such glowing accounts might be given of South Australia that some of those poor lads might be deluded into leaving for that State. Sir John Matthews pointed out that they had many young men in the old country whose lives were to a every great extent aimless, because they could only obtain casual employment. Their lives, he said, were leading them into blind alleys, and the Kentish Colonising Association wished to give them a purpose in life by helping them to go out to Australia or Canada. Had members no sympathy with their kith and kin beyond the seas? Some of them were fond of speaking in large terms about uplifting humanity. Here was a chance for them to demonstrate their sincerity. The argument of members opposite was South Australia is a good place for us and those who are here, but we don't want others to come in and share it. But he would put it to them where were they going to get the labor to open up the millions of acres of land that were available, and to carry out the big public works policy to which the country was committed if not from overseas and the other States? Unless they did so, the land could not be developed, and they would have to be prepared to face I land monopoly by a few. That was the logical conclusion of the arguments of the Opposition, because South Australia could not produce a sufficiently large. natural increase in population to keep pace with the rapidly-growing demands of the State. They were looking forward to the time when there would be a dozen Renmark settlements on the Murray. And where were the people to come from? Was it not desirable to introduce them? It was absurd to be bound by the considerations of bad seasons, as Mr. Anstey had suggested. If they were, then there would be no progress. (Mr. Anstey-'"I merely sounded a note of warning."]) And Mr. Anstey's argument was against the Bill. (Mr. Anstey-"Yes, out not against immigration.") It was against every proposal that the Government introduced. Mr. Anstey seemed to think it would be different if men came here. (Mr. Anstey-"Yes, because they would come here with their eyes open, but a boy would not be able to judge for himself.") He took it that the parents or guardians of such boys would be all the more careful in view of the fact that the lads would be going to a place 12,000 miles away. There appeared to be an assumption among members of the other side that a motley throng wastrels and strays one member called them would be collected in England and dumped in South Australia. That showed how little some hon. members opposite had studied the Government proposals. (The Commisioner of Crown Lands "There will be more personal explana- tions to- morrow." Mr. Anstey--"Yes, from your side.") What Mr. Anstey did not know about farming would fill a large volume. He would do well to gain knowledge about the hardships and vicissitudes of the. farmers' life from his ! pioneer farmer friend, Mr. Denny, who is no doubt knew all about the life. (Mr. J Denny "Why don't you learn some thing?") He had lived for more years than he cared to remember in a farming district, had kept a few head of stock, ; and grown a few acres of oats, and knew ; that the farmers, as a class, were much better than Mr. Jackson said they were. Mr. Anstey took the seed-time and harvest the busy seasons of the year and then asked." them to believe that farm hands were thrown on their beam" ends for the rest of the year. By such a statement the hon. member for Adey laide displayed a lamentable knowledge; of life on a farm. There was. work of all the year round, and he had never gone to a farm and found the producer with nothing to do. Following, ' clear- ing, and extending the area for cultivation, all meant work, and plenty of it. (Mr. Anstey But you will not a dispute that a lot of labor is displaced . after harvest.") And why? Was it not because the farmers were asked to pay wages they could not afford? (Mr. E Anstey "Then my statement is true that, much labor is displaced.") On many of the larger farms there was regular. employment all the year round. I Naturally a farmer expected profit from I labor just as from any other commodity. If the millions of new acres in this State were to be successfully opened up-and opened they must be if our expectations; of return from the new' railways was not to be disappointed then there would be such prospects for farm youths from over the sea during the next three or! four years that they would be glad, indeed, that they came here. Canada had been absorbing the boys from Dr. Bart nardo'a homes for a quarter of a century, and it was a splendid thing for Canada that she had opened her doors to receive, them. (Mr. Denny-"Your idea is to see, the waifs and strays of London.") Many of those boys were originally waifs and strays, and the letters which they wrote to the homes showed hearts filled with gratitude for the opportunities which had been given them in a new land. Were we too deaf and blind towards our own kith and kin asking for assistance? He had before his mind's eye the case of a boy brought to this country by one of the most warmhearted farmers in South Australia. (Mr. Denny-"Patsy?") Yes, a boy found on the streets of Dublin sell- ing newspapers, and who now gave promise of becoming a most successful farmer. Mr. Anstey made a serious error when he said that for every block of land offered in South Australia there were about 50 applicants. Frequently the average number was not more than half a dozen, and among these applicants were many who were applying for a dozen alternative blocks. The number of applicants for West Coast blocks had recently become much reduced, because the supply of those willing to go pioneering was getting exhausted. Some time ago there was an unemployed meeting in Adelaide, and Mr. Anstey addressed the crowd. He was rather surprised to see by the report that the hon. member confirmed the statement of one of the speakers that there were seven or eight millions in the Savings Bank which should be expended in order to find employment for those out of work. (Mr. Anstey-"You have a wonderful imagina- tion." He had the cutting here. Before long the hon. member naturally got on to the root question. The crowd vanished, and there had been no meeting of unemployed since. Mr. MILLER said no class in the State contained better employers than the farmers, and during the busy time in the I hot weather no class was treated better than the farm laborers. His experience was that there was always plenty of work to be done on the farm, and the only difficulty was to keep men on the farm all the year. We were attempting by railways to open up millions of acres of land on the West Coast and on the Murray, and if we did not succeed in _ peopling our waste lands some other nation would come in and do it for us. The colored races to the north of us were eager for land to colonise. We had taken the land from the natives because they could not utilise it, and the same rule might be applied to ourselves some day if we did not take care. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands "That is the whole argument of compulsory re- purchase." The Treasurer "And compulsory defence, too.") Money had been expended in bringing experts in various industries to the country, and the result had been that some people, not able to make wheat farming a success, had taken up dairying.- No similar class was better off than the Danish peasantry, because of the success they had made of dairying. There was no reason why South Australia should not do as well as other countries in mixed farming. His experience of a lifetime was that a good agricultural laborer need never go without work, even in the worst times. Reference had been made to men in the city being unemployed, but they knew from experience that it was not wise to put such men in charge of machinery or of large teams. If the lads apprenticed for three years under the Bill took an interest in their work they would no doubt become farmers themselves. The cause of the dearth of farm laborers at present was that those who were laborers 10 years ago were farmers to-day. It had been stated that a man could not start farming with a capital of less than £51,0. but what percentage of farmers in South Australia started on that amount? inference had been made to Canada. He was in constant communication with a relative in Winnipeg, who stated that last year there were 20.000 immigrants to that city from the United Kingdom. Yet the prospects or climate in Canada were not better than in South Australia. Mr. Poynton, who went for a trip round the world, admitted that Canada did not compare with South Australia. The Bill was very necessary if the State was to go ahead, and he hoped the Government would not stop at the immigration of boys. At present only 2 million acres were under cultivation when there should be 10 millions. He hoped the Bill would be carried and that it would work successfully. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. F. W. Young; said the Premier had effectively replied to anything that might be deemed an argument against the measure. It had been suggested by some speakers that immigration would only be justified when land was thrown open at a greater rate. It was difficult to know exactly what the Opposition thought of the policy followed in that respect. The leader of the Opposition, at the beginning of the session, said the Government were pushing on still further with surveys, and that it was impossible for all the land to be farmed successfully. Mr. Vaughan's complaint then was that they were going ahead too fast. Now he contended that the rate of progress was too slow. Notwithstand- ing such criticism, the land was being opened up as fast at any rate, as it was by the Verran Government, and the land to be opened up shortly, would call for more settlers. It had been stated that a large number of people applied for every block of land. Two years ago there was a boom, and everybody wanted land. It would have been a misfortune to many people if they had gone on the land, as they wanted to. To-day there was not that demand, and the recent allotments on the West Coast indicated that with the exception of a comparatively small number of blocks round Darke's Peak the Government would have difficulty in getting the land taken up. In respect to one "block there had been no applicant. From a statesmanlike point of view, the men they wanted on the land were men who would make a success of it, because their success was valuable to every person in the community, who derived in- direct benefit from the production of the soil. They should therefore see there were available for the land in the future a class of men to whom they could look with some certainty to make a success of agriculture. There was no better way to ensure that than by training the boys. The attitude of the Opposition was in- comprehensible. The Bill had been postponed to enable the Premier to consult with interested people in England when he was there, but it had been mentioned in the Governor's Speech last year. At that time only two members of the Opposition had considered it worth referring to Mr. Southwood had hoped the boys would be well looked after when they arrived, and Mr. Smeaton had hoped they would be placed Under the control of the State Children's Council, of which he was a member. There had been no objection to the proposal then This year the Bill had been submitted, and the leader of the Opposition, on the Address in Reply, had dealt with it in about five words. He had said the proposal had come under his notice when he was in power, and he had at once turned it down, as a dangerous proposal. That was entirely incorrect. The Labor Government had gone out of since about February 20 last year. On January 4 of that year, Mr. Vaughan, having received a letter on the sub"''- had written to the New Zealand Government asking them to supply him with information to assist him in coming to a decision. On January 12 he had written to the Agent General, asking him to obtain all possible information, and on receipt of the reply he had written that Mr. Sedgwick's pro j posal, would be considered. . Yet in the , face of that he now said he had turned . the proposal down as dangerous. (Hon. J "verran-"I do not think he would tell a deliberate lie.") He did not see what difference, the adjective made. (Hon. J. Verran-'Tie might have made a mis stake.") What he was driving at was that there was no reason for the change j in, the attitude taken up by the leader, of the Opposition. There was a demand for suitable labor on farms, and the Government, instead of bringing out adults, ; believed that by bringing out "oaths and placing them on farms at the most adapt- able period of their lives, and under con- j nations which the Government "could control, they would make the boys the best, possible settlers. He hoped ; the Bill Would be passed without delay.- The second reading was declared carried, and Mr. JACKSON called for a division, which resulted as follows: . Ayes (14) Hon. A." H. Peake, Messrs. Blacker, Burgoyne, Heggaton, R, Homburg, Hudd, McDonald Miller. Moseley, "Angas, Parsons, Pflaum, Ritchie, Small, and Hon. P. W. Young (teller). [ i' Noes' (10) Messrs. eagle, Coneybeer, Denny,. Goode, Green, Herbert, MacGillivray, southwood, Vaughan, and Jackson j (teller). , Pairs.-For-Hons. Sir Richard Butler' I and H. Homburg, Messrs. Angus, Duhst, Hague, and James. Against non. J. Verran, Messrs. Chesson, Smeaton, Anstey, -Blundell, and Ponder. 2 A majority of four for the ayes, i! In Committee. Clauses 1 and 2 passed, clause 3. Interpretation. Mr. VAUGHAN moved to amend the definition of "boy" to make it read any male person under the age of 21 years and not less than 16 years" there should, be some minimum age at which boys could be brought out. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said the Government had not contemplated bringing out infants; but they had to have a margin to allow for the varying precociousness and maturity of boys. Some lads at lo were more mature than others at 17. He would agree to an amendment making the limit 15 years. Mr. VAUGHAN would accept a limit of 15 years if he could not get more. He moved to insert after "person" in line 13\. over the age of 15 years, and." Mr. JACKSON was pleased some good had resulted from the criticism by the Opposition, and that the introduction of children of tender years would be prevented. The amendment was earned, and the clause as amended passed. Clause 4. Powers of the Minister with respect to boys assisted to come to the State. and Mr SOUTHWOOD moved in line 14 to add to sub-clause (1)-"Provided no person shall be apprenticed to any farmer for a longer period than three years." The amendment was carried. Mr. VAUGHAN moved to strike out "master" in lines 17 and 18, and to insert employer." The amendment was carried. Mr. VAUGHAN said reference had been made by the Commissioner to some letters which, when Commissioner of Crown Lands, he had authorised to be written making enquiries about the introduction of boy immigrants. He had never sought to hide the fact that he made such enquiries, but after further considering it informed the Verran Government that he thought the proposal i a dangerous one. His Government would never have given effect to the measure I or sought to bring in boys under the conditions proposed in the Bill. I Clause passed. I Clause 5. Institutions for boys whilst not placed out. Mr. JACKSON enquired what kind of institution the Government had in mind, and what sort of education it was proposed to give the lads. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said the clause was to cover possibilities which might arise. If the Government were unable to find satisfactory employment for the lads straight away, they might have to put them on one of the agricultural farms where the boys would be under some control. (Mr. Ver- ran "Would you educate them at the Roseworthy College?") No. Mr. JACKSON said this opened up the question whether it would not be as well to limit the number of boys to be brought out, so that they would not have a large number of boys on their hands. The State should be safeguarded from any unnecessary expenditure in the maintenance of such lads. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS was not disposed to accept the amendment. The matter could well be left to the good sense of the Government in power to administer the Act wisely. The clause was passed. Clauses 6 and 7 passed. Clause 6. Moneys to be held and expended for boys' benefit. Mr. VAUGHAN asked what amount it was proposed to pay towards the cost of a boy's passage. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said that would be provided for in the regulations for the time bring. At present the boys would eventually have to pay £7 towards their passage money. The clause was passed. j Clause 9 passed. Clause 10. On death of employer, widow, ; &-?'., may nominate new employer. Mr. VAUGHAN said this was an extraordinary clause, and opposed to all their ideas of the proper treatment of boys. It was unthinkable that on the death of an employer the widow, widower, or executor could nominate and decide to whom the boy should be apprenticed for the balance of the term. He thought the power should rest entirely with the Minister, who should decide to whom the boy should be apprenticed. He moved to strike out "widow" in June 22 and fined 23 and 24 with the object of inserting words directing the Minister to nominate the employer. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said Mr. Vaughan's fears were ungrounded. The clause would help in the administration of the Act. The acceptance by the Minister of the nomina- tion was not compulsory. He could not see his way to accept the amendment. Mr. JACKSON regretted the Commissioner was not disposed to accept the amendment, as under the clause boys could be bandied about after the death of the nominator. In clause 5 they had provision for an institution for the care of boys, and that was the place the lads should go to in the event or the death of an employer and pending a fresh place being obtained. This trafficking in human flesh and blood was shameful. There was no statement in the clause that the Minister should have an option to say that the boy shall not be bound or placed out. He certainly should possess this option. It would be better that the Minister should, in case of the death of the employer, have power to place the boy out again de novo. The word "may" in the clause would be construed as shall." The CHAIRMAN would ask the Minister to consider whether he would excise the clause altogether and let the form of indenture provide what it was proposed to do. Mr. VERRAN considered that the boy should have some choice whether he would remain with the person selected by the widow, widower, or executor. Mr. RITCHIE said the word "may" left an option in the matter of the disposal of the boy. The widow or executor might know of a good home near by to which the boy could advantageously go. * If that was not in the best interests of the lad, the Minister could say no. Mr.' BURGOYNE- said the Minister should give the boys the opportunity of objecting, to any transfer proposed. The" boy should certainly not be turned over from one person to another as a mere charge). Mr. SOUTHWOOD thought the proprietary interest should cease on the death of the employer. If the farm was sold, the widow might under the clause turn over the apprentice along with the land. He would like to see the responsibility thrown on the Minister. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS thought it a good thing' to keep the boy in the same channel of employment. He feared the amendment would involve such a considerable alteration of the clause that he would prefer to take the suggestion of the Chairman to leave it out altogether. ' Mr. VAUGHAN was quite prepared to withdraw the amendment if the clause were struck out. He was glad that sweet reasonableness could still prevail. Leave to withdraw the amendment was granted, and the clause was struck out. Clauses to 18 (the schedule and title) passed. The Bill was reported with amendments. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS moved that the standing, orders be suspended to enable the Bill to pass through its remaining stages without delay. Mr. JACKSON asked what urgency there was. The Bill might be further improved if it were recommitted, and he suggested that the third reading should be delayed until Tuesday next. v The motion was declared carried. Mr. JACKSON called for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes (18-ton. A. H. Peake, Messrs. Blacker, Burgoyne, Duhst, Heggaton, R. Homburg, Miller, Moseley, Angas Parsons, Pflaum. Ritchie, Rudall, and Hon. F. W. Young (teller). Noes (9). Messrs. Cole, Coneybeer, Denny, Green MacGillivray, Ponder, Southwood, Vaughan, and Jackson (teller). Pairs.-lor-Sons. Sir Richard Butler and H. Homburg, Messrs. Angus, Bodey, Hague, James, and McDonald. Against-? Hon. J. Verran. Messrs. Goode, Herbert. Anstey, Blundell, Chesson, and Smeaton. A majority of four for the Ayes. The report was adopted. On the motion that the Bill be read a third time, Mr. COLE referred to some remarks by the Premier, in which he accused his colleague, Mr. Jackson, of speaking in a defamatory manner of the farming community. The only reference Mr. Jackson made was obtained from the department of which the Premier had charge, as Minister of Education. He referred to extracts from inspectors' reports showing the character of work imposed on children, which prevented their attendance at school. The Premier also alluded to a reference he (Mr. Cole) made to a lad of 12, on whom hard tasks were imposed by a farmer. The Premier tried to discount what he said by saying that the boy met with a series of accidents, the case quoted by him that afternoon had appealed to both sides of the House as that of a boy who deserved the sincerest sympathy, and the Premier had not been justified in his sarcastic references to it. Another boy he knew had gone on a farm to learn farming. He had sacrificed opportunities to take up other avocations in order to do that, but as soon as the slack time came the farmer had not hesitated to dispense with his services and leave him to shift for himself. They had no guarantee that farmers would not do the same with other lads who trusted in them in the same way. The third reading was declared carried, and Mr. JACKSON called for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes (10-ton. A. H. Peake, Messrs. Blacker, Burgoyne, Duhst, Heggaton, R. Homburg. Miller, Moseley, Angas Parsons, Pflaum. Ritchie, Rudall, and Hon F. W. Young (teller). Noes (Messrs. Blundell, Cole, Coneybeer, Denny, Green, Jackson, Mac Gillivray, Ponder, Southwood, and Vaughan (teller). Pairs: woollens. H. Homburg and Sir Richard Butler. Messrs. Bodey. Angus, James, and McDonald. Noes Hon. J. Verran, Messrs. Goode, Herbert, Anstey, Smeaton, and Chesson. A majority of three for the Ayes. The Bill was passed. ADJOURNMENT. At 10.2. pot the House adjourned till Tuesday next at 2 p.m. 