WEATHER IN ENG LAND. A TERRIFIC GALE. [By Cable.] LONDON. December 26. Hea-vy gales are blowing in tbe English. Channel. The steamer Narmng. which is twenty miles to the south of London, sent a. u-irelc*s message for ?jimr*-'1**- assist ance, as she had much water in her hold, and the. Negada was despatched to the ~ mvnov December 27. The gale increased in velocity TStier day. Much of the low-lying country in Leicestershire is suhmerged Up to 1J50 in. oi rain has fallen ia the last forty-eight houre in many parts of Britain. Abnormal tides occurred in the Solent. Portsmouth and Southampton are flooded. Boats are being died ia the high streets. The White Star steamer Arabic reporss baring experienced terrible weather in the Atlantic The wind at Plymouth had a velocity of eighty-three miles an hour. Threa vessels were a&bore; in the harbour in the midst of the storm. Three Bfeboatmeu swam on to a rork laden wrdi lifelines and rescued the crew of the schooner Octawa after the lifeboat had faded to react: them. There were remarkaLlo lifeboat rescues at Tenfev and Mumbles Head. Wales. The battleship New Zealand lost her tonanast and wireless' teJesranby pear. The steamer Ruahims was unable to land her mails and passengers at Ply mouth and continued her voyage to Lon A violent storm is ragin» on the French The captain of the Naming sent the following wireless me^sape : — ' Very im portant damage. Want assi-tance.' Later he signalled— - The position is stili verv bad.' The hist wireless mes sa-re states — 'Put back with the fore deck swept' The Negada sighted the Narmnx yesterday etemmg. Another steamer is racing to tie neh- of tim distressed shq-. The Adndral-a-Cmef at Brest sko sent Vbt, cruiser Yfcode to aid . theNarrung. ? :i'-J..ivi«i eertrSi -rtker TSssds'jOB aM-u- «s; ; -?; losdox. netdBte -a; »jo «jn. There'is%o'ffirthi-r news eonccriunetkc S«mmE. which . has 848 passengers, on boahf for. Adelaide. Mflbtrarne. Syurier. mff »Tso eooic for Owe CoIodt- | . ; CQMXMC December 2T, 11.35 «jn. , I IheHarrniiB has sent a virelesg mes sase statins that she is steaming oacfc to London at ten knots an hour. . . ; Another message states: that the S«arrunK does not require 'assistance. . . LOKDON*. December 27, 12S0 |un. The Naming baa paused the Isle o' ffhanet and is coming up the Thames. : t . IiOXDOJs December 2S. [ The wireless installation on ^ihe steamer Moldavia was damaged ' bjr^th* recent storms. A Lascar was drowned. Tiie steamer Narrnigr. 'which sustained 3anas£e A-n-nn^ the recent gale will strive Bt.Grarisccd at Bit o'clock on Saturday morning. l-OXDQ^. December ^, »-25 »Jn. The Xarrunjr has arrrred at Gravesend. Her bulwarBs-aw considerably damaged, while her foredeck u a mass of wreckaee and her batchee~are-U-re in. -She has a beavy ]ist to starboard. The founnasted barque . Mary Ann EUeadbody, of Glasgow, with a carso of Australian wheat for Limerick, is in dis tress off fSalway. Her -ssfls an destroyed and ahe has a heavy list to starboard. - The steamer Duchess of Cornwall nas reacht-d Falmouth. A tremendous sea tore away her funnel, smashed all the ships boats and put out the fires. Two men. were drowned. The stokers asd en sioeers worked, up to. their knees ur water. Their heroism Eared the ship. * The storm destroyed Sallyport at old Portsmouth from which place Lord Kelson and other heroes embarked. The Peninsula and Oriental Steam JTavi nation Company will provide accommoda tion for the Australian immigrants on thcNarrune. whilst preparations are being: made for them to re-embark. Lloyd's estimate the value of the Xar rung's cargo at £100,000. Captain Bidwell left the Karrone's bridee at Gravesend for the first time since Thursday. The gale commenced after the Naming passed the Channel Islands on Christmas evening. It in creased in fury until seven o'clock in the morning when the steamer was off Ushant. ^he/was then shipping water heavily and her engines were at dead slow. Captain Bidsell Lent the Xarrunc's head to the salfi. hove to, and remained bo all the morning, the wave? breaking over her right up to the bridee. ' I -was never in such a eale or in such tremendous seas in tbe whole of my thirty years on the sea,' said Captain BUfrrell in speaidng of his ex pepence. 'In the afternoon a moun tainous wave swamped the ' whole ship, Luryinc her forward, wrecking all the tackle in front of the mast, flooding all (he lassenger accommodation. «maft*»m;r the winches, and bursting through into the bold. Tbe women and children occupied the flooded cabins. A wave tore up the L-on deck and turned it back like brown raper. It- was impossible to proceed, and I turned, the steamer round to prevent 7 pother such sea strikins her. Had she taken another it would have been all np. Turning in the teeth of the eale was a very anxious time, hence my rcouest for assist ance. The turning occupied one hour and twenty minutes. We were running four or the' hours before we were out of dancer-' The chief officer, Mr. TosUe. estimated that the-hti£e wave which broke over the tteamer was 70 ft. high. A seaman named Quirk was dashed i!own, and had three ribs broken. It to* impossible for some time to rc nove the noincn and children from tha « recked cabins. Captain Bidwcll declined to take food vrbiie the steamer was in danger. Debris imprisoned five men in their rs bins. It was ten Lours before they were lelaased. The mile passengers exhibited great coolness in bailing out the water, which was tare-deep in the cabins. The women and children suffered considerably. Their feet were in water and many were helpless through sickness. The company will make the third class emigrante, who de=ire to return home wuding the making of fresh arrangements for. the voyage, an allowance of 2s. 6d. a-day. The other paesensera will be main rained in the Sailors' Home. The passengers state that at the moment the great wave struck the Xarrung Cap tain BiJwell shouted to the crew '}fow roys it's life or- death. Don't trouble about anything else.' The order and dis ripline were splendid throughout. The stewards did everything thai was possible, ? but were unable to maintain the' supplies ! rf food. Mans- of the paaajneera were. ' without food for forty- eight hours except - Ira and biscuits. j The wireless operator, ilx. Reynold?, was ] working continuously for fifty hours. The firemen were wait-deep in the water. The coal was svept out of the tankers. their bunks to the women. LON- DOX, December 29. : Tie Danish steamer VoJmar foundered -n the gale. The captain and a «aSor were picked up off The Lizard alter two days' suffering in an open boat Thirteen otbers =.were drowsed* LONDOK. December 29. . __ Details of the. experience,:..,,, ibx. NftPsog, m . ,the..r9:-at ?:&&_. Am that two monster wave* rose _*ip' sud denly. ThcSarnms'Tode ,«t the first tod. then, plunged into, the trough, 'ana.' inrtead at xifhS tojjihc second, went aotra. the wave sweeping «!l_ean over bcr. All'tbe damage «a» done bfthe one blow The saloon and deck cabin doors were, torn off, the foremast -»ras broken in three pieces, and the 'winches 'were torn adrift and tossel like corks.' There was 4 ft of water' in Ae starboard bilge and toe ; engine-room, causing ♦ list of ten degrees; [Touch was ntointained ? wi£h sever Al steamers by means of wireless' telecrarhy until the ffarruns was righted and cblc to dispense with asastance. KigW life boats were cot ready* to launch, but [iuey covdd not have lived in such a ae». A woman was caught by the sea and washed to and fro'nlong the deck. 8ii« made desperate and frantic struggles and was nearly drowned. Almost all liar clothing' was torn off. Other passengers were washed About' like corks. Mr. P. Marion, who was' proceeding' to Addaide' in the Narrung, ? -aays that' the women * were * imprisoned in the flooded cabins anu'tould^hbt' be~«leased. The sbipturaed;;raird-mii to tne wat«-s edce many time; and Hie water simply' poured down' the ventilators. Mrs. Sullivan and Mrs. Marke', whs were travelling to Ade laide, were injured .and braised. The parti tion* in the'caVbsArexe'smashed and some of the oecapantaVVerc -np 'to 'their waists in water: llr. Hiillipa. of Glastbnbury. trhDc assbting IMks Fierti. was dashed against the bulwarks and tndly bruked. Slahy of the cabin' trunks were smashed and everything washed out of them. Some of tbe women were in their nizht-o:rcs?3s for two days. Many^ vessels are returning to rort in a crippled1 state' with, their sailors injured. The -steamer Beacon Grange 'bad reached the Solent when a sea swept all the star board lifeboats away and smashed the dafits. The' cabins were also wrecked. in and she foundered -on Christmas Day. A sailor went wad and jumped into tne aea. The first boat that wa& launched was smashed alongside the ship and all the occupants were drowned. A second boat capsized, but the survivors righted it. lbs engineer died. The chief officer lost bis reason and attempted to throttle the captain and then died. Fifteen of the vessel's company perished, A trawler bravely rescued the- -*»pta*n and- a sailor from the 6Wamppd boat. LONDON. December 30. A wave SO ft. high damaged the whole of the upper structure of the 13eacon Grange. The engineers and firemen worked waist deep in water. The ' Valmar ots twenty-five -miles to the south of the ScOIy Isles when a tre mendous sea. «wept over her, ripping off the bulwarks and pouring in torrents jnto the holds and engine-room. The water quenched the fires. The vessel turned OP the channel, drifted- for Hvo hours, and sank. The survivors experienced a ter rible thunderstorm, which lasted all nigbt; Two steamers passed without seeing their boat, which was without o*rs or water. The -men died one bj- one. Tie repairs to the Naming will occupy five weeks. i.u-L)o-. December 31. The Italian steamer Trento has been towed to Southampton in a crippled con dition. As in the case of tbe steamer Naming, a huge wave struck the Trento in the Bay of Biscay. Five members of the Trento's crew were seriously hurt. The bulk of the Naming^ passengers will join the Ballarat on the 23rd of Janu ary. LONDON, January L Mr- J. P. Farrell gave notice of a ques tion in Uie House of Common* yesterday to the President of the Board of Trade/ Mr. Buxton, us to ivhether the Naming, in a storm in the Indian Ocean on her last homeward voyage, overturned to an angle of fifty-four degree* ; whether ™ch was tlie danger that the officers were on the point of lowering the boats ; whether tie Warstali. a sister ship, capsized through top-heaviness and bad building ; and whether the Board of Trade intended to allow the Narruag to carry passengers . on long voyages. 