Items of Interest. Mr. H. Hawker, stationmaster at, Guvra for the past five years, war en tertained at a valedictory banquet at the Royal Hotel Inst wok, and pre sented with a case cf cutlery. Mr. Hawker hah reigned Jus position with the Railway Department to em bark upon a pnstoftiltftfs career. rrosj>ectors Murphy and parly ar rived at Meeknthatra <West Au.stra !io) last Friday with u nugget of gold weighing 1GB)o7>., lound nt Kuby Well, a new field, ."V) miles fur ther out.. They also brought in a number of smaller slugs, One party saw a piece of gold protruding from , the surface. They triml to pull it oat, but had to get the aid of a pick, which diselcscd :i handsome prize. Several good nuggets ranging up to 43OEK. were found at Ruby Well Inst year. When the employees at a .store in Knst- Liverpool. Ohio (America) went oir strike last week, the proprietors put up a huge notice: "Help your selves." The proprietors have d«M;id el to relv oil the honesty of (heir cus tomers. The Mores arc lillcd with excited and curious women, taking rolls of cloth firun the shelves, meas uring off what they want, wrappiug it up, and then paving for it as they go out. How the Industrial Act is adminis tered.-Last year 18 butchers were fined for taking part in a striko at (Jlebe Island, but. not one penny of these fines has been paid. Day after day scores of employer sare mulcted in penalties for trivial brenoehes of the same law, and are compelled to pay up or go to gaol. Where's the jus t-id*, in a land Hint punishes one sec tion and lets the other go unscathed? How taxes hare risen in this State during the past 10 years is proven by the following figuresWhen Feder ation beeamfo an accomplished fact, the people of N.S.W. paid Customs duties to the extent of 3/8 per head of "the population; five years ago the impost, liad increased to 18/ per head, :uid just now it stands at 27/ per head. If such a miracle occurred as the return for another term of the Fisher (.Jovernment, the people would get an additional load to lump. They have the power to avoid the catastrophe-lot them embrace it. The American immigration authori ties are unable to trace the 20 Swed ish girl immigrants who disappeared mysteriously a fortnight ago whilo travelling from New York to Chicago. It is sus|>eeted that, they have been kidnapped, and are locked op in a disorderly house by white slavers; The Norwegian mid Danish branches of the Young Women's Christian Associ ation are emphasising, a request to the authorities to search for the misfr*: ing girls systematically. The Haiti irorc-Ohio ltailroad Company admit ted on Saturday that it is unable to trace the girls. A ship's l>oat, evidently belonging to a large ship, was washed ashore on Friday morning at Hoambcc, four miles from Coff'# Harbor. The (stern of the boat was stove in, and it was impossible to decipher the name. On tlio previous Monday night a fisher man named Jordan was awakened by a souud resembling a rifle that, which was repeated a number of times. A gale was blowing, and heavy rain pre vented anything being seen. Men engaged on the railway . line report also that they heard the shots. Fish ermen at oriylight visited the beach, but .saw no signs of nuy ship or wreck age. The la tot union establishment in Sydney is one for insurance agents, canvassers, etc.. which means another billet for some hungry union secre tary. Hy-and-bye the general pub lic will have to organise to savo themselves from these** rapacious func tionaries, particularly those who ou trage in insurance canvassing, time payment book-selling, and the like. There arc now in existence ..unions which cover well nigh every known occupation - bottle-oh, rabbit-oh, scavengers 'union, office cleaners, and what not. And they all want shorter hours, higher pay, and frequent holi days, and chicken and asparagus for iuucli. Old Dan. O'Connor, ox-l'ostmnster Geueral, is no«- in Liver-pool Asylum, .sharing a largo dormitory witli o score or »>o of i>at ients of all ages and nationalities, the majority of whom liavo scon butter days. One has hoard of Uio upward climb from tho iog cabin to the White House, and from sundowning to the mayoral chair; but seldom of a Minister of the Crown descending to a poor house. Twenty-five years ago Dan , O'Connor managed an extensive butchering concern, with branches scattered over Sydney nud suburbs. Many will remember Dan driving round (says a Sydney paper) with the little "creamey" pony and trap buying boneens (little pigs) and big ones and seeing him outside liis shop, knife in hand, crying, "Here's yer quality, madam!" At one period, entering into buying and telling of stock for the Melbourne market, Mr. O'Connor reaped a profit of £45,000 in five years. In after years bad speculation, chiefly in gold mining and coal mining told its tale, and brought Mr. O'Connor as it did many othcr lesser lights, from a position of affluence down to financial mediocrity, j /?SORE IiUNGS. ' j AVheu your longs arc sore and in- . flamed from coughing, .is the time wlieu the germs of /pneumonia, pleur isy, and <Sni6Uuiption fold 1 odgment,' and multiply. Dr. Sheldon's New- Die- j covery for Coughs and Colds itops;ibe I cough and heals and strengthens tho lungs. Dr. Sheldon's New Discovery is a safe' and never-failing remedy. Price, Is Cd and 3s. Obtainable at ; Henderson's, Beardy-street.* < Aii. iuqucst' concerning the death of the fettler, James Ford, wjio was Inst ' week run down by a stocky train n<?nr' GItui I tines, was held on Friday. From ] tho evidence, it appears tHati deceased' left Glen limes station on a tricycle! shortly after midnight, and about four' hours later was run down by the train I three miles from the station. The' driver of the train in question sta-' tod that when he felt something was1 wrong he immediately pulled up. Part ] of deceased's tricycle was caught un der the bogey. Deceased's mangled ' body ivn.s discovered lying pu the lino' between two trucks. The right leg' ! was severed, the left was missing, and | tht skull was fractured,. ".He Coroner returned a verdict 4 accidental death, and exonerated the ? driver from any blame. Deceased was mar ried with tjiree children. A case of bag-snatching of extraor dinary daring took place in a Fyr mont (Sydney) car alxrnt half-past 10 last Friday night. Mrs. Lawson, of Canterbury, had been (shopping in the city, and was seated, in the front of a tram on he)' way home. At Bridge street, J'yrmont, a young mau board ed the car and sat. next to her. When I the car was passing along Harris J street, Ultimo, the man snatched Mrs. Lawson's bag out of her lap and jumped off the car, which at; th'o time was moving at a good pace. Mrs. Lawson acted with similar prompti tude, and attempted to catch the (tjiief as lie made off. The lady's leap, i however, was not attended y'Ulr such . successful results, and sht' fell heav Iily on to tlio roadway, whilst tlio tliicf made off and disappeared. Mrs. Lnw .soii was picked up and found to be :severely bruised. She" was then con ! veved to. the Hoynl Prince Alfred Hospital for treatment. The report of the Department of! Labor and Industry has been mado available, from which we cull eomo j interesting particulars concerning la- j hour conditions in the immediate neighborhood, as reported upou by j . tlio various Government Labor ( 'Agents. The Armidale agent re jioits tlint no business was transacted, , through tlio branch for the year. Tlio latter part of the year was very dry, considerably affecting the pastoral [industry. Mining is steadily increas ing, and there are several good shows which have not yet got past the pros pecting stage, and three or four dredging propositions are spoken high ly of. There are 110 unemployed in the district. The Hillgrove agent, after referring to the depression caus ed by the majority of the minus clos ing down owing to lack of money for developing the properties, predicts a new lease of life for tlio milling indus try locally with the advent of suffici ent capital for developmental work. Georgo li. Forteseue and Sons, Ltd., of Arneliffe, had an excellent exhibit at the recent Sydney Show of the products of their workshops, the principal of which is the Fortescuo automatic variable geared wind en gine. Tliis is truly termed "a tri umph ill wind engines," and its in genious mechanism is covered by pa tent throughout the world. The au tomatic variable geared invention has j long since passed the theoretical . stage. It has been subjected to so-1 vere and exhaustive tests, and in 1 winds ranging up to 75 miles an hour j maintains the regular number of strokes per minute. AH the well known ordinary windmills have, it is claimed, a fixed stroke of the pump, mid 110 additional efficiency is obtain ed by such mills from winds of a i greater velocity than 15 miles an j hour. The automatic variable geared wind engine, with its varying stroke; work* and varies its stroke in all winds automatically, thus gaining, tlio inventors state, a decided advan tage over it*. competitors, lifting as much as seven times the quantity of water that oan bo lifted with on or dinary windmill.* A wind travelling j at four miles an hour produces .021 h.p., 30 miles develop .80 h.p., 20: equal 2.3 h.p., and 40 produce IB h.p. JUST FOLLOWS THE DIRECTIONS "My son gets so bad with croup ho canuot get his breath," writes Mrs. N. P. Lewis, Mile End, Adelaide, S.A. "I just follow the directions with Chamberlain's Cough Remedy mid he is soon completely cured. I never go to-bed without a bottle of Chamber lain's Cough Remedy in the house, for I don't know when Sydney will be attacked with croup." Sold by all Chemists and Storekeepers.* Giving evidence before 1llcl I'ublic Works Committee in Sydney on Fri day' Jnst, Mr. H. 8. Badgery said the people out in the western district were well served by railways at pres ! out, but ho put a great deal of value ] on a line from Dubbo to Werris Creek. Such a line would Avoid tire Range district, and would biting tho settlers on tho land tapped bv sucli a line as lie suggested into closer touch with-the metropolitan and other-mar kets. Also, it would act as a dupli cate to the line of which the Hawkes burv lliver bridge was the key note, j "In case of war, or .some other dis ' aster," continued Mr. Badgery, .' 'the northern districts and Queens laud would be cut off if the bridge j were interfered with. This would lie ! a very serious matter, and, therefore, ?I most strongly recommend this line, from Dubbo to "Werris Croek to your' notice." In reply to questions froqi , the ehnirmah of tho committee, Mr. | Badger.v said that, taking all the I year round, with railways or 'without, the Xew England district was the best in tbe State. In the old days, people had a down 011 New England cattle, but liow that "the sun . had; been let in on the country, . it was tho. tit-bit of the State. , .In iime of drought it was the best part of- the State. Tlie Hivorina, ill ordinary sea-' sons, for breeding or fattening, was far better, but when the droughts ? c.mic nlqng, "Siew England was far -su- ! potior. Hie Jnverell district was ab solutely the pick of N.S. Wales," but the line from Dubbo to Werris Creek would meet the requirements needed by the pastoralistsand producers of the State, rather than the one sug ! gestcd from Gilgandra | Mrs. Ross, an old resident .of In I verell, writing of the early days in (that locality to the InvereH "Times" says:-"The mails came \veekly to IArmidslc, which was our nearest Post Office, and w<< got our mail when we I could wild for it. Of course, friendE (coming through Arroidale would be sure to bring letters, papers, etc, that . would bo lying there for us. This was before the days of jiostagc stamps, I and the amount you paid on your let j ter was regulated by the number of . offices it passed through. In this haphazard way we got our mail for j about two years, then through' the instrumentality of riiy husband, we ( got a Post Office here. By a munifi cent Government ho was allowed £10, (a year for the upkeep of it; out of this sum a room had to be provided and a clerk paid to receive and des j patch the mails. The mails were ! brought here on pack-horse. This of fice was' on Ross Hill. "When we ' moved to the eastern side of the river I we still had the Post Office ' at the ! store; then it was moved to where .Mr. Ingram now resides, and a tele .graph" office also in the course of years . was established. I Speaking of mails and mailmen, , aud ' the many hardships wliioh they | have to endure, the Camooweal cor respondent of the "N.Q. Register" I thinks "that wo may claim that our I Northern Territory mailman, Mr, Jim Fuller, has about the hardest I known track ill the north to full." Jim runs the service between Camoo wenl B«d Booroola, a distance V>y the mail route -of over 500 miles, with out a tree on tlieni to break the mon otony and ever-increasing dry stages, ranging from 30 to 4o miles in length. At the Bcoroola end the blacks aro still treacherous, and several murders have been committed by them of re cent yea re. In addition to these hardships and perils, he can only keep changfes at - the- various stations, which are long distances apart, nud the dry stages have to bo negotiated ; by the one lot of horses. Vet, in the face of all this, the man who daily j carrics. his life in his hands, and has I to complete considerably over 1000 I miles n. month, runs a good service, I .Hid seldom' indeed is he behind his , time. It may be interesting to note | that Mr. Fuller tips the scale at 16st. 191b., and how lie gets his ordinary saddle liacks across the dry 6t«ges ! with .tjiat wight up is still a mystery .to Uie^Ctanoowcal scribe. -Exclinuge. 