SHIPPING ACCIDENTS. ALTHOUGH np to the present this year there have been no great maritime disasters to shock the world—no sensational disappearances of big vessels to cast hundreds of homes into gloom—the god of wrecks has by no means paused in his labor of collecting toll from those who go down to the sea in ships. The year is just in its commencement, but already the list of shipping casualties is assuming proportions that are alarming in these days when we are told that we are as safe at sea as at home in our hearth-chair. Day by day, cable and telegraph have consistently tapped oat their newest stories of the dangers of the deep; and there are scores of lesser happenings that are only chronicled in tbe. logs, and recorded in the offices of the ship owners. The news that finds it way into the columns of the W.A. press is no doubt only the news of a small proportion of the world's shipping casualties; but even then, it is full enough of tragedy and perilous experience to make one wonder whether safety ever -will he assured in travelling over Neptune's territories. - A glanoe backward over the three weeks that have elapsed since the birth of 1913, reveals a record of over thirty wrecks and other kindred occurrences that the news distributors have deemed of sufficient importance to send ns. Taking them in their order of happening, we find that on January 3, tbe steamer Strathallan was docked at Melbourne after to, tempestuous voyage from England, during -which she sustained over £1,000 worth of damage. On Jan. 4, in Chesapeake Bay, TJ.S.A., the steamers Julia Luchenbach and Muramula collided, and the captain, his wife, and 22 sailors of tbe former were drowned. About the same time, the cables sounded the news of the wrecking of the s.s. Syria off tbe coast of Algeria, the loss of the Cbarente Co's liner Workman off the coast of Brazil, when cargo to the value of £150,000 was carried to the bottom, the wreck of the French steamer St. Auguslin off the Algerian coast, the blowing np o£ the Turkish schooner Theodorus after striking a submerged mine in the Bay of Smyrna, and the severe damage sustained by the Norwegian barque Gunda in a storm off the Tasmanian coast. A day later an immigration inspection yacht was wrecked at San Diego, U.S.A., and an inspector and several sailors lost their lives. On tbe 7th, the barqne Belfast, which had left Sydney on December 5,. put back to the port with a strange tale of damage by a meteorite 10 days after sailing, and under the same date came the story of the foundering during a snowstorm of the Vancouver steamer Rose Granz and the tragic death of 35 men, who clung to a masthead until exhaustion compelled them to loosen their hold. Then again the same day saw the loss of the Astoria at the mouth o£ the Oregon River (North America). On the Sth the coal laden barque Carrie Winslow foundered off the United States coast, and on the following day it was reported that the s.s. Kroonlard with 800 passengers on board had met a similar fate, fortunately with-no loss of life. At the same time came the news of a terrible boiler explosion on an Alabama River (U.S.A.) steamer when eight men were killed. On that day, too, the liner Ambrose ran into a fishing fleet at the mouth of the Mersey, and 13 men lost their lives. Then on the 11th the steamer Almenian was almost lost when swamped by a terrific .sea in the Atlantic. Most of her gear -was smashed, her boats stove in, and a sailor was drowned. From New York on the 12th came a message that the lumber steamer Future had been wrecked off the coast of Florida and seven lives lost, and another that a serions fire had occurred on the steamer Carthagenian, The following day the Danish steamer Axel ran into a tugboat off Cuxhaven, and six men were drowned. A cable from London reported that the N.D.L. steamer Grosser Kurfurst helplessly drifting 1,000 miles off the coast of Newfoundland, while the same day a valve on the Araguaya, docked at Southampton, blew out and caused the death of two men, besides severely injuring several others. On the 14th a Dutch schooner, unnamed in the message, was wrecked near Dundee and six sailors drowned, and on the same day the Danish steamer Groch was lost on the east coast of Scotland and seven of her crew drowned. The following day it was^ reported from Halifax (Nova Scotia) that the steamer Uranianr had run aground and become a total wreck, although her passengers were saved, and within. 24 hours afterwards the London steamer Hawkwood was dashed to pieces off Flamborongh Head, Yorkshire, and 17 sailors drowned. The next message was under the same date and told of the running ashore of the Snowdon Range while being towed to Queenstown (England). The steamer Sonoma, which left Sydney for San. Francisco on the 11th inst. sent a wireless to that port on the 16th that she had struck wreckage and was severely Btrained, and under the same heading'of ocean disasters on that date was the news that the French barque Marechal de Naoilles, bound from Glasgow to New Caledonia, had become a total wreck at Minehead, on the English coast. The next day news came of an explosion on the French steamer Madonna off the Azores, when five firemen were killed, and the wreck of the barque California off the coast of Northumberland, involving the loss of ten lives. Then oame an intimation of the Joss, off the Spanish coast, of the Clan McKenzie, bonnd from London to Colombo with a cargo worth £250,000, and the perilous condition of the liner 'Abyssinia, which was reported from Halifax to be rudderless and adrift 1000 miles from shore. On Saturday last the news came throngh of the wreck of the Brazilian liner Veronese off the Portuguese coast with the loss of several lives, and the severe buffeting of the Furness liner Avala, whioh was forced to put into Queenstown in a damaged state whilst en ronte from Liverpool to Boston. Lastly, the (tables from Aden yesterday told the tragic story of tbe burning at sea on the ISth inst. of the Russiah- Asiatio Go.'s steamer, Estonia, and of the fearfnl end of the captain and ten of the crew. Meagre as most of the published reports have been, and no doubt exaggerated in some cases, it can hardly be claimed that these instances make the prospects of sea life and travelling more alluring.' They certainly are an indication that the efforts of man are of no avail against the forces that Nature has at her commond, and of how puny is his strength in the fight ho is waging for civilisation. 