i men AH0 -1: MATTERS f The Irish Home Rule bill has been re-introduced into the British House of Commons. The Brisbane Fat press, so far, hasn't gone frantic with delight over the event. * * * For the past week or so Federal member Jim Page has been in the doctor's hands owing to a painful injury to one of his eyes. Jim is now on a fair way to recovery, but his medical attendant has advised him to refrain from reading for some time. * * * Denham dreads the day of his political judgment at the next State elections. Starkly staring him in the face are a whole chapter of political misdeeds, broken pro mises, shufiies, and sins of omission. The Denham Government is the political pitch forker which the people denounce with all its Tory works and pomps. ♦ * # Rents in Sydney are being pushed up so alarmingly that the aldermen of that place are going to make a big endeavour to stop the rot. It is resolved to press upon the Government the necessity of instituting legislation to check the grasping landlord and place a minimum on rents. The Syd ney alderman is rather a different sort of alderman to the exhibit produced in Bris bane. * * « Manufacturers' display week (June 17 to 21) in Brisbane promises to be a good show. The sub-committee have reported that the retailers had given the committee a cordial reception and were desirous of giving the movement as much assistance as possible, also that the Commissioner for Railways had promised a first-class engine and two carriages, fully manned, to be placed in Market-square during the dis play ? on condition that the necessary per mission was obtained from the City Coun cil and the Commissioner for Police. Prizes and medals are to be given in connection with the fair. * * « 'Cotton in Queensland' — is a fre quent heading in certain newspapers over articles written to emphasise the fact that there is no such industry in this State, as there should and would be only for the Federal Government. Instead of which, among other reasons, the economic fact is that a long continuance of State Middle man Governments have had no time or use for cotton-ginning. # » * The New South Wales Labour Govern ments intends to establish State works for the manufacture of cast iron pipes for water and sewerage purposes. State enter prise is gradually shoving private enter prise aside. » # * Burns, Philp, and Co., Polynesian traders, merchants, and shipowners in 1912 and, so far, in 1913; earned profits aggre gating £209,000, paid a 10 per cent divvy, besides 7£ per cent cash bonuses, and is ex pected to pay another 5 per cent on July 1. The reserve funds go close up to £1,000,000. # * A Californium, one C. C Roberts, is re ported as having all but completed arrange ments with the Queensland Lands Depart ment for taking up 100,000 acres of pear country in the Dulacea district, the. pest to be destroyed by a gas process. ? * * U.S. Government experts show, says 'Frisco 'Star,' that the Western Fuel Company has stolen 3,600,000 dollars in the last fifteen years by short-weight manipu lations in fuel. It is a repetition of the Sufjar Trust's little ' business joke ' on the United States Government. _ Short-weight thievery is less risky than picking pockets on the street and more profitable ; but is a pickpocket less ' respectable ' than a short-weight thief? ? # ? The new Wobkeb office, in Eliabeth street, is rapidly being built, and in a short time will be ready for occupation. It will be the most complete modern newspaper edifice in the city. The Health Department for the last several months has been grappling with the problem of wiping out the mosquito family, or trying to make others be lieve it has. Trie only result so far is an enormous waste of kerosene and the winged pest as thick about the place as ever. 'Every ditch, water hole, swamp, stream (stagnant or flowing), spring, bog, puddle hole, or well, has been diluted wfth the inflammable liquid — 138 gallons being used up. The Government, so far from leaving the matter drop as a wild, futile, and expansive affair, is going to come again next summer with more orders for kerosene. « » « Asked in the Commons last week if the Government intended to fly flags on Em pire Day, the Prime Minister of Great Britain replied that the Government was unable to alter the practice of not insisting on a display of flags. This will be sad news to Ole Barlow. * « « Complaints come from the cold island about ihe rogueish practice of colouring margarine and selling the fake for colonial butter. The offenoe is on a par with the sanding of the sugar; watering of the milk and mixing farina with pepper, but it ap pears that the British Government has no Act in force to deal with such thieves. The colonial retailers at home, however, have made a row about it, and it is probable that the necessary legislation will be passed. John Bull will then have the best colonial butter to spread on his bread. K * ? Following on the interesting evidence given by Mr. D. Jones, cotton expert, be fore the Dominions Royal Commission, the Federal Labour Government, with charac teristic energy, has promised to help the cotton industry along. Arrangements are being made to bring out representatives of the British Cotton Association to Queens land to institute an exhaustive inquiry into the prospects of starting plantations. The Federal Government is giving the sum of £500 towards the undertaking to cover ex penses. ? ? * The prickly pear problem is a stiff one and has baffled many. The latest tjlter at the task is a lady doctor named Jean White. Her idea is simple. Recently she brought from Ceylon a diminutive, sickly fly — called the cochineal insect. The bird is about the size of a stunted mosquito, The genus is said to have a ravenous lik ing for pear, which it nibbles and bites till the vegetable runs out of supply. But when the pear is eradicated in this fashion, it isn't likely that the little chap is going to starve, or migrate back to the sweet scented isle. The question is ' to be or not to be,' and as 'to be' generally wins, corn, wheat, cabbages, sugarcane, grapes, and applies are left to be nibbled, and when these disappear, too, chaos will get loose, and the trouble will be then how to get rid of the imported insect, not the pear 1 ? * * The Brisbane Tramway Company is an autocratic concern pure and simple. It makes laws and by-laws and issues other kinds of instructions and then blows the whole bundle of regulations up, just to show what tricks it can play. The num ber of persons run down by the electric cars in the past caused a certain scheme to bo devised whereby it was hopedthe risk of a passenger colliding with the juggernaut would be miniinisedT It consisted of a maximum penalty of £25 for getting out on the wrong side, while a brass bar was erected to assist one to miss paying the penalty. Only a few of the obsolete contraptions have the bar up now, bo that passengers can fltill go to eternity if they want to or don't want to sometimes. The law has a say in the argument, if the tram doesn't. ? ? ? ? During the month of April 521 tins of 'jam and canned fruit, 843 tins of condensed milk, 341 tins of assorted fish and 521 packages of confectionery were condemned in Brisbane as unfit for human consump tion. Another interference on the part of State to protect our stomachs from the shady ways of private enterprise. k ? » A movement is on foot to establish an historical society of Queensland. The only literature to be kept on the premises is a 'Courier.' The Tory sheet chronicles all the dark deeds ancLgruesome happenings of half a century ago, or since Captain Cook pulled Binghi's leg a long while be fore. This ought to satiate even the most fastidious historian, and when the ' Courier ' has a reputation for telling good old chestnuts, it is the best sort of his tory going- » _« » Amundseii, the Danish* explorer who was the first to touch the South Pole, isn't being made euoh a fuss of as suah a wonder ful achieveinen,t might Walt&ttt.; T$be Nor wegian Paruatnent thinks the task is worth some sort of recognition, and voted the magnificent (?) sum of £324 as a life an nuity. Members of the Land Court are on a better wicket than this. This sinecure is worth £100Q a year while it is a sinecure, and when members get tired of doing no thing or watching somebody doing nothing and want to stop looking on and doing the other thing, the billet is worth £500 per year until the grim reaper comes along. Explorers will shortly be shrieking out for . a Wages Board or stop exploring al together. ? ? ? Robert Semple, organiser of the New Zealand Federation of Labour, recently re fused to pay a fine for declining to tell the defence authorities his son's age, and was sent to jail, but was released when a sym pathiser paid the fine, v ? ? « What an unfeigned affection impostors have for anything foreign. When some thing is wanted there is a feverish desire to rush to Germany, Japan, America, Tim buctoo, or any other old place, and Aus tralia is blackballed. Recently the Cairns Harbour Board gave a cement contract to a firm in Kaiserland and cut the local ten der out. And the Denham Government Tiiilding a new ; pU$t 's Warner to some other ' outside crowd. Tils « how work is feat out of ike country, iind when somebody rises up and howls about immigrants being dumped into the land when the work w -being sont awayf tho Pepham-€k-yerameBt ? _ wants to know what's wrong! ? , '':r'. '? # ?».!?'#..-.. .;? ?? \ '. ; Hamilton has much natural beauty about it, but it could be improvejl,' The bng. stretch of, sand and sediment knbwn as the breakwater- wall, with a little trouble arid money might be turned into a gra«8y sward, with seats and a band 8tand,^nter Bpersed with shady clumps of trees. Fora Henley-on-Brisbane function it would be a magnificent rendezvous, But while Bris bane is in the clutches of antediluvian aldermen such a problem will be hushed up as a Utopian scheme or the impossible ideal. , ''?.-?? ?? ? ? ? f It is worth noting that there is at the present moment a proposed amendment of the United States Constitution before the Senate, 'to elect Senators by the direct vote of the people instead of by that of Legislatures,' and the Senate, only last week, adopted a resolution to submit to the Legislatures a constitutional amendment to extend the term of the President from ?four to six years, but to make him ineligible for re-election. Only three times in its history has the American Constitution been amended, owing to the slow and cumber some methods intrinsically provided fox its amelioration. ? ? * # It is notified that a series of lectures on scientific subjects are to be given at the Museum on a Friday afternoon at 3.80 o'clock. There are many working men who would be only too pleased to take advan tage of an opportunity to travel the scien tific road with the professors. This, how ever, would necessitate the lectures being delivered in the evening. Will pur scien tific gentlemen follow the good example of those who delivered the popular 'Man- chester Science Lectures ' many ^ears ago, and assist in further enlightening man kind P ? » * .' Premier Denham is said by Brisbane 'Daily Mail' to have exploded with laughter when asked by a reporter * 'if it was his intention to resign,' 'About the best joke I ever heard in my life,' he said, with another Gargantuan guffaw of merriment. And, no doubt, it was an excruciatingly - . funny query to put to Digby. 'Are you going to go out before you get kicked out by Pbilp, Forsyth, or Macartney P' 'It is the most ga&hly; joke I ever heard,' * he re- -' '' peated, almost in the very words of dear old Sairey Gamp. At a conference of representatives of the Australian Journalists' Association and the Australian Writers and Artists' Union ** held in Sydney last week, negotiations were practically completed for the amalga mation of the two organisations. Strength united is stronger. ? .? ? ? ? The racial problem is causing much trouble to the Governments of the United States and South Africa at present. 