BRISBANE SITCTNGa, . BRISBAFNE. Anril 8. Tlie Empire Trade Commission ttwfc further evidence at Brisbane to-day. Mr E. G. E.' Scriven, UnderSecre tory for Agriculture,, stated tlisrt theoretically preliminary training tor immigrants would be invaluable, bu- practically he did not see how it would be useful except Bt great ex pense. About 3000 odd nominated immigrants came to Queensland last year, of whom B0 described themselves as farmers and about 200 as farm la borers. The best way to make a man into a farmer was to let him werk out his1 own salvation. Questioned1 with regard to tlie employment in Queensland, witness declared emphati oally that there was no lock of employ- ? ment here on the land. From the day an immigrant landed he could obtain work. ' The farmers were crying out for men ; the wages were good old' everything was good. Witness men tioned that Queeensland was the only State which exported butter in every month of the year. During the winter months a proportion of the butter went south anj was used in order that southern people might export thoir butter oversea. 'Witness said that grading was desirable in the interests of the State; it kept up the standard and maintained the reputation of our produce. Regarding the handling of produce in England, witness stated that the first handing in London was satisfactory, but the trouble was that butter -when sold' -to ihe retailer was. blended with other butter and sold as the best Dorset, best Danish, or what ever name it might be. By Sir Alfred Bateman: The Aus tralians were jreat consumers of meat ? they ate meat three times a day and drauk' tea four times. On. the subject of sugar growing witness expressed hw emphatic opinion that the days of our large sugar estates were over, and that there was an increasing tendency for fanners to plant 40 or 60 acres With cane and send their product to a cen tral mill- There was no' more reason why the cane grower should own his mill than the man who grew wheat should' own a nour mill. It was the extension of tho'oo-operative principle found in dairying applied' to sugar growing, and it would tend' to increase the number of central mills. David Jones, State cotton «xnert, said he felt satisfied the soil and_ climate of Queensland was eminently suited' for cotton cultivation, as was indeed two-' th'.-ilj of Australia. Some of the cot ton raised in Queensland hid lesa valued bv the Lancashire cotton spin ner; as high as ls per lb. The posi tion of Australia was almost uniqae, since there was no portion of th** ir'rl4 where so many varieties of :»? ton iteo raised, except perhaps Cen tral Africa. Cotton grew wild in this continent, and practically all Austra lian cottons were perennijl. There waa ' no doubt, according to ihe adjudication of tho Cotton-growers' Association of England that: ootton could be grown successfully in Australia. Mr Garnett: And det'pite tbe great cotton-growing potentialities' of your climate and so'I. your firm conviction is that lkck of population debars yon from succejsf ally entering SnW. «0m petition with the great cotton coun tries of the world P Witness : Yes ; that is my conviction. From cotton-growing in Queensland1 £4 per acre could be realised, against 16s from dairying. ?The Chairman: From the pout ef view of a healthy virile race, do you think no otfier form of agriculture Is more favorable than cotton-growingP Witness: None whatever. W. R, Wilkie. on behalf of the Chamber of Commerce, said' there was a great field for reducing tbj^cost of inter-Imperial telegraphy. Witness suggested that a State-owned coble was the reemdv for tbo h:gh rate. The Hon. A. J- Carter Rave evidence regarding tho probabte effect of tKe opening -rf ths Panama Canal on Aus tralian trade. The principal advan tage, in his option, v-n.ild be the re duction in the distances between Europe and Australia, the increased tnnnaKe of vessels, ar-4 the consequent . reduction of freight*. Brisbane would greatly benefit (if the first port. of call on the inward nnd last on the outward .. voyage. It won'd fcrm n distributing* Port for Austria, a nival base and .' harbor of refntte. ' .' . ? ? ?? The Commis^ori jic!kmrne3 till to- i nMITlOF. , -.,, . ,i ; * j - TTn''pir'vor -;!ip»iM -.'-?J-..VS ask for' -' TONES' f.X.T. JAMS! hwnse ?*** ' ire toe Tery bnrt on lht: mwWt ,','^ 