HAWTHORN POLICE COURT The duties of adjudication at the above court on Tuesday, April 29, were carried out by Messrs. Duffus (chair- man), O'Niall, Wallis, Philpott, Gag- gin, Roche and Ardagh, J's.P. Andrew Stoffenson appeared with an ecchymosed eye and contused forehead to answer a charge of having been in charge of a motor car when under the influence of liquor on April 16.-Mr. Ridgeway appeared for defendant. In- spuctor MacGillicuddy said the prose- cution did not wish to prove that ac- cuscd was drunk, they merely wished to shos that he was under the influence of drink, under section 20 of the motor car act.--James Lindsay Halbert car rier, Barker's road, Hawthorn West, said shortly after 7 p.m. he was coming along by the cutting in Barker's road. He was driving one horse. Accused drove a motor car down the cutting. Witness thought he was showing off; he was zigzagging in and out. He was right in front of witness's waggon. Witness called out "look out." Ac cused just missed the pole of the wag- gon, but struck the fore wheel and knocked it off. The horse was knocked down, a tooth was knocked out, and its jaw was nearly knocked off. Accused wanted to fight a gentleman who inter fered and told him that he should give his name. He was under the influence of drink Witness was jolted off his seat to the roadway. In the cutting accused, was travelling at 20 miles an hour. That was a dangerous speed to drive at in the cutting.--Cross-ex- amined: As soon as the accident hap- pened I attended to my horse. De fendent's head was badly hurt as the result of the impact. His eyes were swelled out like those of was no fight. When the police came accused was very quiet. Accused was taken to a hospital. Of course there was no "Plimsoll" mark about accused to show how much liquor he had on board. I had about 3 cwt. or 4 cwt. on the cart. I do intend to go for damages. It was the off fore wheel that was struck. Accused came 100 yards on his wrong side. I did not see accused swing around from the rear of a motor car. It was all over in about a minute-John Jos. McMahon, medical practitioncr, said he was called to the scene of the accident. On that occasion accused was intoxicated, and was not fit to'have charge of a motor car.-Cross-ex amined: Accused's head was badly cut. His right eye was closed. The man was not suffering much from shock. He was walking about asking for a cigar- ette. He had the speech of intoxica tion, not of concussion. Accused would have driven the motor car into town if I had not stopped him. You could smell the liquor on his breath a yard off. Re-examined: The only thing that was troubling him was that he - was looking for a cigarette, and wanted to turn the wheels round to go to town. Philip J. R., Steele, furniture ware houseman, Denmark' street, Kew, said he was coming from Melbourne in a motor car. Another car appeared at the top of the cutting at a very fast rate on the wrong side. Witness did not. know how his car was missed. The next thing. he heard was- a crash when the collision occurred. Accused was decidedly intoxicated. It was fate that got him past me. There was no horse car about at the time--not that I saw. The accident happened about half way along the cutting. Re-examined: 'There was no motor car or horse tram in that I saw that caused him to be on the wrong side of the road.--Constable Mahoney said he went to the scene of the acci dent. Defendant was sitting in the motor car. Witness said: "You have been drinking." . He said "No." Wit ness said: "You smell very strongly of liquor." Accused was under the in fluence of liquor and was not fit to be in charge of a motor car.-To Mr Ridgeway: A man should not be a quar spoken to said he had not had a drink that day. On the way to the hospital he said he had had four drinks during the day. At St. Vincent's hospital six stitches were placed in his head. He was not fit to have charge of a motor car.-Accused, on oath, said he was a motor driver. On the day in question he had one drink at mid-day and another in the evening. Witness took Mr. Geisenau home from the Dan ish club. He was not drunk. He passed a horse tram at the beginning of the cutting and then a motor car. He remembered nothing else until he got stitches in his head` in the hospital. Cross-examined: I am not a good judge of beer. I can tell when beer is fresh and when it is flat. I was more in the centre of the road than on my right side. 'To Mr. Roche: I was going be tween 17 and 18 miles an hour.--Henry Geisenau said he knew accused. .He took witness home on the date in ques tioie. He was sober. At the "Beehive" they had a "pony" lager but did not drink it; it was flat. They went on further and got a good glass of lager there. He trusted his wife and child with accused on that same evening for a ride in the motor car. He was abso lutely sober. Cross-examined :-Accused is not a particular friend of mine any more than any other countryman of mine. If he had had a hundred drinks that day I would have seen it.-Clara Augusta Geisenau said accused drove her and her child in the car after he drove her husband home. Cross-ex amined : I did not tell him he was driv ing too fast.-The chairman said there was no doubt but that accused was under the influence of drink; but as he had suflfered considerable injury they were not disposed to deal with him as severely as they might. Accused was fined £5. Costs were allowed in the sum of 31/-. The chairman said the bench was not inclined to go further in the matter than imposing the £5 fine.- Accused undertook to present himself at the court on Tuesday next with his driver's certificate. Accused was further charged with having negligently driven a motor car and thereby caused damages to person and property.-Sub-Inspector MacGilli cuddy stated that as he understood de fendent was going to plead guilty he would simply call evidence with regard to the injuries suistained.-James Lind say Halbert, witness in the former case, gave evidence to the effect that he had had his face bruised and his side dinged in as a result of the collision. He was in bed for five days and was still under medical care. The damage to his wag gon was to the extent of about £20.- .Jas. P. Murphy, salesman, Barker's road, Kew, said the accident was en tirely due to negligence of defendant, who was on the wrong side of the road. \---Ater hearing further evidence the chairman said the bench had decided that a fine of £1 should be recorded on the charge. Costs were allowed in the sum of £1 18/-.- -Defendant was al lowed seven days in which to pay the fines. Unregistered Hospital Arthlur T. Francis and Clarice Maxted Francis were charged with having between November 29 1912, and April 8 1913 , occupied a house known Is "Charlton," situated at Burgess street, Hawthorn, as a private hospital without the same being registered. Mr. Derham prosecuted on behalf of the Hawthorn council, and Mr. Backhouse appeared for defendants. Defendants pleaded guilty, and Mr. Backhouse during a lengthy address, in which miti- gating circumstances were pleaded, said the house was engaged last De- cember for 12 months, and Mrs. Fran cis, a certified nurse, was engaged for midwifery cases. Application was made to have the hospital registered, but that was refused by the council on the ground, he understood, that the place was not, sewered. The place was now used simnply as a boarding house.-Wm. E. Sexton, inspector employed by the Hawthorn council, said he had visited the premises in November last with the health officer Dr. Andrew. They asked to see Mrs. Francis, but saw a Miss Phillips. They decided that the place was not suitable for a private hospital. Five women were there. On a subse quent occasion they went to the pre mises at 11 a.m. There were 23 beds there, and they interviewed ten different females. There were four young babies, there.-- Mr. Philpott: And still we want immigration !-Defendants were "each fined £2 10/- .and cosst, were allowed in the sum of £8 13/-. Alleged Perjury. An elderly man named Patrick Clif ford was charged with having com mitted perjury at the Hawthorn court of petty sessions on April 15. Inform was Edward Cummins, licensee of the "'Terminus" hotel, and defendant was represented by Mr. T'ucker.-George Gordon Calltaghan assistant clerk of petty sessions, deposed to having ad ministered the oath to accused on April 15\. The present defendant was com plainant on that occasion and gav evi- dence,---Thomas B. Fogarty. barrister Queic s.aic t, City, said Ic V w% collieel t'rm de'lllfeiiii, in tluhe case of Cliffordl v. (i'itliouils lr that coilut ,i the date ill 1iiuestioll. Clifford (delfciilllit) slid ito Irii thliat lie had not received one pL llei il nwages whilo in the elploy of Cw ia ,is. Fie further s.tttei th'tt liet s iiiidel' l ilt arra;llgelllint with Cluiillilil to loe illuder the?au all tol lls 1n li was w'itIh tle p'revious licensliee. l hol liliskid whatlil thit was lieutsed safitd: I was receiviig firom i) ilssi. rOlleldJI il n d mid blik d lly hboard land 1 odgilso ii Srh 2t andv Apiil 1.for lyelf.s' Accusedi l?son sad daughter lid wr preenived one I witn fl'oi wife andiiL son e Ieleit?te oi iic iions. Weilselitivo ones sions liot Is tila t.l w itness paid c.- d w ird th iilil liat t court donriog tue hocaorin. of tn csel Clhiffoard c. utoiui ins. iccuased sworoo tlt lie haIl received no pay froit Witiefes diting trve thio oweekas i wasl trollll'ed at ttie ihotel, h e lie il? siaorn ti t it u e had receivel t C1 Icr week neo frin-tie prgviont lim b tieis i eelso thit lie Ihalill tiot reeliedrl 1/-, ill wagies for his eploydgmenot t thl hot ele. paid. cttcer.f fca act l on id Teceive whges on Mabuh 25 np.md iApil 1cated. : I'tns wif son iand dliglittr were r'esent whlin te lased waso pil on ililic 25 so Ali.il I .,itnies's ifclose d son wit e present Cross-examined .1 :1 'sad'. piiid Clitford in tile ýhall ;at tle foot of tlhe la st h ear on both Iocci asi ummo ns. ss e did inotib goarl thiait' writness pitid itciitld ift' tlhe' bil liard i'ooln oil t Olino oceassioll.- Witiess catluie to the deeision; to p'b8i-69uto' to, cle.'ii bhi, tha throat vandicato thl iw. He did no prfectl l Mr. uer that if hei.failed to prove this 2as Iao was liable tois proeeedednabut wist, on a cinteno of tnailiciot lla . ros catib ntt.l - Ho' ditl iln t brommit tihe plaw.ur Ie sugesmid tlat iina 15/- or:se uek: withdraw ol as uotsed a oll undeifr the fmactorlies act. CuHe mills lhad brought the actio to vind newtandi g judtgmt h had Ioeen ob-t aiiened ain st eult by this mdefetndant. hrlatt-ju gment had not been. paid. Accused eamto back oil :Ia 'hursdtay at aboutt 2 p.m.. intoxicatedl. f'lhat was tlte list occasiots on oilwhicl le saiw liln NVittness -closed tile gate on him aittd in tl witnesst lie shoulead of foregone,il Ite got a, summnons. He did not got ass ceusid by th throiat Iatid throw him doni. 1f4 did not tell ITr. 'lTuckor tltha' lihe tlhrow im doswn.--lurttor evidence tiaviig been given Mr. T'lcker stated his ehttt, who wats 62 yeairs of ago, hIld oeideiitlv inado nisstaltemetits In I is (wideni'e, but with li' intenttion of committing ierjiury. IHe sliggestod tlhat rile eiasehIe bo iithdriawn oil icctlused ad inittini h he haId nado illiistakes itid altlolgislig for hlaviiig d sin, so. --Mr. Onohii. for inforiltinit, said hllMr. Cimi nilis hliad li'otight thle itiion toi vildi clite his nun ohlara le.t, alol io the oi deristindilfig that the orider obtailled by' accused as a result of his misstatements in the witness box should be foregone, Mr. Cummins would accept the assur ance of accused that he had not wil fully given false evidence and withdraw A -?3 e c ili t 'g e W ,1 76 -' % ?tr io, 