International Arbitration. Arbitration In international dispute? «s a means of avoiding the grim al ternative of WILT, with its feartui toll ot human litfe and. treasure* has nt tracted humanitarians In all and hence "Armfumenfta and Arbitration," the new work by Captain Mabatj, tbs w«iU*knowD Nwrit©r on naval .su-bjects, poeseseas timely Interest, not merely from the character of the- subject Jt self, but also because ot the' weight and authority attaching to the au thor's nmre when be dials with ibis end kindred questions. Captain Ma lum is an arguimeotative critic, and fur *"Lis ivaaou whatever be writes com znezitls attention, whether one agrees with it or nut. Hcnue, when in this boofc-'wbicb comprises 10 articles con tributed, .with one exception, to tba "Nontli American Review" during the jieare lSflJ. and 1912-he conclude* thai cribitratlOiU is defective, the reader auay be quite sure that he Miopia this attitude from conviction. utt the same time, one finds it dif ficult to follow the author ail the way in bis deductions, id be pot, for e*> ttmple, assuming far more than L> war* * anted when be lays down the prill* cJj»le thai the Court of Arbitration onurt be governed so rigidly by the inexorable principles of international tare that it would be unable to takv GfttaUl cognisance of the Monroe Doc trine ? Reviewing the reported pro ject for the sale ot a Danish island in tbd Mtat ladies to Germany, Cap tain Al&han; deal arcs that this sale could not bore been prohibited by tta Court, though contrary to the Monroe Dootnliie, since the latter, though wlBe end imperative itt the national inter ests, is cot a law. But why eircunh ecr#W the power of the Court In this wey ? Surely At might be veiled with the right which some lesser trl bunais already possess, to leview ih« facts, as well as to interpret the: law, especially In go momentous au affair as a dispute between two nations. The aatiioiJty which constitutes a Judicial bench may endow it with anfipewer it pleases. fallowing the line of reasoning ho tB8.n*rk*d otit for himself, the author builds up an elaborate superstructure to show bow arbitration would Lava operated in several given instance. A. Court, he argtad, could not have al lowed England to interpose In SoutU Africa, or permitted America to take Cube from Spain, or sanctioned the occupation of Roma by Italy. That Is to say. it would have been bound by rigid law to decide agnlnst oil ot these acta. However, he hastens to disclaim the alternative that "mlgat makes right/' though he maintains that the existence of might is no mere'casual attribute, but the indica tion of qualities which should,, at* they assuredly will, make their way to the front and to the top in th* relations of States." Captain Mahan, it is to be noted, presumes that the object of the friends of arbitration is to attack, not neces sarily armament, but diplomacy. Ono -is not aura how far the majority af them will agree In this view. It has eiweys feeen the popular belief that since they were actuated by a desire to 0&ve; the world from tbe hldeowi tragedies of the battlefield, they hod no objection at all to the bloodless art of diplomacy-that, in fact, they wel comed it as 'likely to avert war, and thus attain the vry aim they them* r.elvoe had In view. Captain Mahan, it is curious to observe, claims a wider definition of "war" than that V>hloh is popularly accepted. If 1ft In modern oonception and practice, "badness, not fighting," ho writes. "It is carrying a point through tbo opponent's Mbfle of inability to n* sJet, Tbe las* the lighting, the bet* ter the frualoeBs." So that, accord ing to thjs definition, diplomacy Is "u'Br* But thfe Is merely arguing alt croas-puiposes, since the advocates ofl erfbitraUon, when they protest against war, mean something entirely differ ent. on the other hand, tin* author ? *"iUvtt3 a strong polut lor bis own . case when lie contends that diplom acy «'U) fail tuore readily if one of (be , tartly indues that it will gain sub j Btaniiully by insisting on artrttrallon. . A Pc^ver which would agree \f> twws if tic alternative were war, would, a j . Js eaSy to pencelve, persist la disagree j ineut if the next stage were, instead j of an appeal to the sword, a discuss ion in tUo serene atmosphere of tv Court. The whole trend of Obtain Maban'a j argument- is 4bat the relations of in l dependent States to eabh. other are j not ©oseeptlWe of full «stab]iehaent, j or of neassary adjustment, from tlta® I } to time, upon a basis of Jaw-jpartiy "i because law, whatever the method of ' J its development, whether by custom 1 I or statue, cannot be so systematized I beforehand as to cover all cases, and ? Panly because it may be outgrown (.'by unforeseen conditions or gradual changes of conditions. Ono of thov chapters most interesting to Austral ian readers is that in which he d*s <.usaes the Panoiim Canal and lis ef 1 ffcot upon sea power In the Pacific. He j writes, Inter alia | The moat immediate, the foremost, (lueaUon ot the Pacific, as affecting sea I power, is the fllllng-up of the now j Partiy vacant rogtone, our owo Pavl I flc coast, with that of the British i Empire in Canada and in Australasia, i *ty a population of European deriva , tlon. Jr iH nife! deslrajb)** thai, eucii I immigration should he from Northern Llunopo, because there la found the J stock tornperaruenta 1/y most consoa I ant lt> till© local Institutions; hue | from wfcenoesoci'er coming, Ihjuj! j grants to aU the regions named will 1 find awaiting tbam settled forms of government, differing from one ano | ther much in details and aomewhat In , Uews, but all derived ultimately fcroai the traditional ideals which we call . Anglo-Saxon, to which we who havo ; inherited them are apt to attach pe i cullar vtUuo ana virtue, 439 not j forget that .the roots can be tr&ued; to . the old' days when the Angles and the Faxon* really dwelt on the east side of I the North Sea, before they found a ' new borne in England, Thus |oag j continuity of existence, power of de vekyjuaent, faculty 10 adapt thesneed v<a* to many differing circumstances of environment, as weft a<9 to absorb and j to assimilate ¥ elements, h&vo; . given a proof of their excellenceunor#* j decisive than the- perhaps too partial j .oatUnate of those who Uve under 1 them, j «ea power, he points out, depends , ultimately upon population, and tho I C^eat effect of the Panama Cnual 1 vill be the Indeiinlte s<r«;ugthenfug of ! /uglo-Saxon Institutions upon the north-ea^t shores ot the Pacific, from AJa®Wa to Mexico, by the increase of lohabltanu and consequent Increases ot shipping and commerce. In th«> develop power .of Pacific America, lucUidlng Canada. Australia »n th«e> fu ture tyjU nod the great significance of tfaroiUMtw Canal. "After a seem ing attempt to coddle the labor ques tion, to sustain high wages by dis couraging; immigration," he writes, "Australia is awakezrtng to the un tenable and perilous situation in whkh. a people Is placed when seeking to hold a great Inheritance which it nei ther occupies nor by numbers can de velop." Hence h» finds it "signifi cant of the future that the first care ot a Labor Ministry has been to pr^ vid$ an efficient military, organisa tion, and i$ entertain measures fur j tho development of a railway eya j tenu which.ahaJl minister tot only to j cronomlcel development but to na 1 tional military securhy." J The ehaWer la approval of the me ithoda of Inatruotlon followed at the Nfcvoi War College, and that in which Captain Mahan replies to Mr, Nor man AflgrflVs "flnwt )J)usJod," we other features of the book. H-> claims Ibat Mr, Angell has ontslinter*. pretetd the motives for war, and that 1 "to ivsurd th? world a« governed by aeJMiUerest only is to live Jn a non- 1 J txfetew world, an id<«l world, a wWd . j j»oseessod by an ldf>a murfa less wor-1 tby thata ihcae which manKlnd» to iio '? It bare Juctlqe, i>er8istently eater-, . tains." j 1 1 I An amusing diplomatic "Incident" made ail Bails laug-h. The Minister I of the Argentine Republic protested aL ' the Foreign Office against the. use of a sentence in "The Green Coat." the amusing play by Mm, de Fie re and Da .Calllavet, which la one of the aucces ttes of the season at the Dheatre des Varieties. A musician In the play says-'M have toen offered £4,000 to go to the Argentine for two mooth* and give concerts. I am not. going to riak my among the ntggers.j' Owing to. the protests of the Argen tine Minister, the authors of the play altered "the Argentine" to . "Aus tralia," (Lecturing at .the University College <4 N'ortfa Waies on "Songs of Old Ire land,'' Mr. A. Perceval Graves, the author of ''Father O'FJynn/' gave an Interesting account t>f the -Origin of the famous aong with which, be said, MB name wtfs already too mucb iden I tilled. When a clerk at tke Home , Office, said BIr. Graves, he hupi'Cncd to be trolling across one of the Lon- 1 don parks, whon the words of the *ong ] came to his head. He wrote them, ! and peot them to the "Spectator," to ' which they were published. Ten years "afterwards they were set to music, and Sir Cliarlea Santley made the aong the success It feecame, Makers of proprietai*y medicines Juaf now are greatly' exercised because ti ia proposed by the Gg^oi 00 wealth; that the lockage combining such & fn^L* due Bhould state Its couipofilUon, in* to the same subject a select conwnlt tec of the House of Commons |b In quiring, and at a roee&t; sitting some interesting facts were elicited. Mr.. John Charles Uniney, managing direc tor of Wright, Layman; and Umftcy. l-rtd" told the story of the origin 'ot' ipecacuanha oil. It tirsi became knowu as early a»-l?8C, be said. . Tbeaoa of a Dutch quack who vent to Pari* accidentally found that some oil S&a;# frcm Brazil had valuable- mfcdicitial properties, Experiments proved th4 Milue of the oil, and the youtig*«tu dent placarded tbt streets wttU the an&ouncoment; of the remedy* Mr* IJtnney also referred to a certain tine* lure used with sucress Jo 'caste of heart affection. it was a poison used! by savage tribes on (he point-of theln aBflogals. Dr. Kraaer, of JSdlntmrgh,' Lad experimented with (he poison, and 1iad proved in value. ' QueeUonedl with regard to tbe advertising of pat** ent mecliclcerf, witness said tbene seemod to be no objection to anft extension cf tbe law In. preventing people obtaining money by false pre jpnees. The public, bu billeted, ivas not harmed by the prefa^nl trade In proprietary medicines in so far ? ;us they "were sold by reputable people. Mr. Umney said that if it were pos sible to abolish, ell existing propriety ary medicines die public tvtmld suffer most, and th» medical profession would unquestionably benefit. In some .trays the tnedioal profession would suffer if some of the .present remed ies did not exist. Many of thrm were valuable as cures. The major ity of the people who bought, paleut inedlcloes would go to (ho doctor Iff they were deprived of thc.ni.» Wilufts* said It HJJJut not be assumed .that cwy iK?i¥on who rend a latent modi cine advertisement was ix fool. it the advertisements were only road by fools there would not be many oC (hem. Sir Philip Magnus thought this was an optimistic view. 1%e rela tion of t*e W in which n«*w dru^a rVere tested raiber mr\ ami* Mr. ttaa ' proration. ^ j it t«*tr;%rp ita/jpy own punt. btt of the interpo&ftt; you mean to tell such A liberty with your' w to Whii^j the witness replied, "I sn< try ii on myself tJjsi, sbd I sboeld proceed carefully." Mr. ftflihursi, aft* .ther member, gave It a« his opinion, that the actual roasnn far the: of most medical drugs uijed by idoctops WS9 unknowu to the profetisioi) itself, and tK this view witne* j afe*eDtett; Mr. Utrkiey expressed tlie oplalou thai the sale of proprietary uipdiolneetc ' adults would probably be considerably I less with the Insurance Art In force.. There were no doubt gome eases whens aett ips had been brought lu which correct statements had beeu* proved 1 against the proprietor of an article' I am tbe article toad pot suffered loss 1 to i-eputation In the eyes of the pub* He. He contended, however, tb&t; no proprietary medicine nouid survive, utiles* It bad some m&rtf.; 1 The uncertain political situation In Europe has seriously effected the"dlft' jmond market., The demand for dla« auonds has dropped off greatly in the the last two mouths. Many of the largest German d{araond»cuttJ0£ es tablishments have closed down, while others are working <m!y half ah 1ft#. 