STATE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ADDRESS-IN-REPLY. DEBATE CONTINUED. The Speaker (Sir Frank Madden) took the chair at half past 3 o'clock. QUESTIONS. Mr. Murray, in reply to Mr. Rogers, said that he had discussed the Ronald case with the Attorney-General, who now had it under consideration. In answer to Mr. Ward, Mr. A. A. Bill- son said that the Ministry had given con- sideration to the question of fixing a mini- mum wage of 8/ a day for railway work- ers, and an announcement would be made to the House on next Tuesday. ADDRESS IN REPLY. The debate on the motion for the adoption of the Address-in-Reply was resumed. Mr. Hannah said that, in spite of widespread unemployment, the State had accepted the tender of a Sydney firm for the construction of a dredge, although it was boasted that the Williamstown State yard was capable of building vessels of 8,000 tons. The tender had been accepted during the recess. The Ministry had been living by suppressing important informa- tion. It also proposed to accept a foreign tender for the cool storage plant, although the local price was only £2,000 in excess of the other. Immigrants were being brought to the State by a Ministry which drove away the work that would keep them em- ployed. Mr. James Cameron.— There is £100,000 worth of work in hand at the Williamstown yard now. Mr. Hannah.— The dredge being built in Sydney is to be delivered only at the end of two years. Mr. McCutcheon.— If that is so, it is the whole point. Mr. Hannah.— Twenty-five years ago shipbuilding was a thriving industry on the banks of the Yarra, but not one Vic- torian firm had tendered for the dredge in question. Mr. A. A. Billson.— What is the reason for that? Mr. Hannah.— The State policy of importing goods and machinery that could have been built in the State. The Ministry's career had been marked by many weak administrative acts. Owing to a policy of secrecy which the Ministry had maintained, it was almost impossible to ascertain the full extent of their iniquities, but sufficient had been revealed to place them in a very unfavourable light. Though backed up by a Water Commission composed of strong men, the Minister in control had completely failed to make proper provision for an adequate supply for irrigation needs, and had allowed the department to drift from bad to worse. The Ministry had done absolutely nothing to improve the conditions of the working men, and had kept back increases from the railway servants which had long been promised. Those men were disgracefully treated, and a minimum of 8/ per day was all too little. In the control of the Railway department a great deal might be done to alleviate the distress among the poorer classes. He had it on good authority that a great deal of slack coal was sold to private firms at a price less than the commissioners paid for it, but not a ton of it was sold to people who were only too anxious to pay a fair price for it. Gross maladministration on the part of the Public Health department had been exposed by the failure of the medical authorities to detect the presence of small-pox among the passengers by the steamer Karoola. Such negligence after long warning required a clear explanation by the Ministry. Members of the Ministry seemed to have devoted more time during recess to opposing the Federal referendum than to administering their departments. The Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Graham) had issued a manifesto, in which he stated that the Fisher Ministry was forced forward with the referendum proposals, not by conviction, but by the socialistic and irresponsible mob behind. Lying and slanderous statements— QUESTION OF COMPREHENSION. Mr. Bayles.— Is the hon. member in order in making such a remark? The Speaker.— I cannot say whether he is or is not in order, as I cannot follow his speech. Mr. Hannah.— I strongly resent a remark of that nature from the Chair, and I think the Speaker is exceeding his powers in commenting upon the remarks of an hon. member. (Interruption.) The Speaker.— I do my duty to the best of my ability, and I consider that the hon. member has become excited, and a little lost in his argument. I have tried most diligently to understand him, and I say now that I do not know what he is saying. (Ministerial cheers.) Mr. Elmslie.— Surely you are going beyond your duties as Speaker in criticising the speech of an hon. member. It may be that you were a trifle excited yourself and did not properly hear the hon. member's remarks. I am exceedingly sorry to say this, but that is how I feel. Mr. Murray.— I do not think that the Speaker did or said anything unworthy of the Chair. I have been trying to follow Mr. Hannah, and must say that I am in the same position as the Speaker. Mr. Elmslie.— That is all right from you, but for the Speaker to say such a thing is different. Mr. Murray.— You must remember that the hon. member does not always make himself clear. He did say that "lying and slanderous statements" had been made. The Speaker.— I am sorry at the remarks of the leader of the Opposition regarding the Chair. The member for Toorak rose and asked me to give a ruling, and in giving the reason why I could not supply the ruling asked for, I had to say that I could not follow the hon. member's remarks. Mr. Hannah.— It is absolutely outside your duties as Speaker. The Speaker.— You must not speak of the Chair in this fashion unless you intend to move a subsequent motion. Mr. Hannah.— The reference he made was to certain lying statements having been made. He did not fasten them on to any particular person. Beneath the heading of "Under the Seal of the Speaker," an article by the Speaker had appeared in the press condemning the Federal Labour party. The Speaker.— Order. When referring to my actions outside the House please call me Sir Frank Madden, and not the Speaker. I put my own name to the article, and exercised the right I claimed then and claim now to express my own opinion on Federal politics. Mr. Hannah.— If statements detrimental to the Labour party were made by members of the House he had the right to refute them. Whatever side members sat they should endeavour to restore the fair political fame of Victoria. COUNTRY DEVELOPMENT. Mr. McLachlan said that sufficient attention was not paid to the development of the country. Victoria possessed 56,000,000 acres of land, and only 5,000,000 acres were cultivated, despite all the efforts which the Ministry might appear to be making. Legislation seemed to favour city interests. He still held the opinion that the £4,000,000 proposed to be spent in electrifying the railways would be better employed in developing the country There had been no legislation that had thrown open the land to the rural worker. Before efforts were made to bring persons across the sea preference should be given to Australians in acquiring land. There were very few skilled agriculturists in Victoria who were not already fully occupied with their own properties, and the State was compelled to seek for settlers among the rural workers and the farm labourers. In order to secure skilled agriculturalists a propel course of training was necessary, but up to the present no Ministry had shown any interest in this phase of the development of rural industries. A commencement should be made at once with the establishment of State farms in typical parts of the State. In the last Closer Settlement Act a clause had been inserted providing that youths who had shown certain scientific qualifications should receive land on easy terms, but such a scheme was not sufficiently far-reaching. If the farm labourers and others were given the opportunity of acquiring agricultural knowledge as youths, at least 75 per cent. of them would avail themselves of the chance, and the result would be beneficial to the country. And the important factor in the development of Victoria was the construction of roads. A Closer Settlement Act was useless unless farmers had the means of transporting produce. It was a fact that people were not availing themselves of the provisions of the Closer Settlement Act in sufficiently large numbers, and while he was not against securing settlers from across the seas, special inducements should nevertheless be given to native-born people. The failure to settle all the available land argued a weakness in the system, and it called for immediate remedy. The question arose whether too much high-priced land was not being resumed by the board. Wherever one went in Victoria one passed through miles of country lying alongside the railway lines which was now given up solely to grazing sheep. Back from these areas were similar unoccupied spaces. It was cheap land, but much of it was suited for agriculture. Why should not possession be taken of some of this country? The settler would be able to grow payable crops, and he would have the means of getting his produce to market. Then there were the Crown lands. The Minister for Lands recently announced that there were some millions of acres of Crown lands still on hand. If he knew of them why did he not throw them open for selection? Mr. H. McKenzie.— Nearly 3,000,000 acres are held under grazing leases. We will tackle them, but we have to give two years' notice. Mr. McLachlan.— Something should certainly be done. There were in Victoria about 700,000 dairy cows, which gave an avenge of from 300 to 340 gallons of milk per annum. British cows averaged 500 gallons, American 450, and Danish 600 gallons. The establishment of herd testing associations would lead to an improvement in the average quantity of milk. There were only 300,000 pigs in Victoria, and for the last 25 years the pig-raising industry had been in a very uncertain state. Efforts should be made to establish an export trade in pork. There was room for improvement in the export of mutton. Although there were 95,000,000 sheep in Victoria, only 3,000,000 carcases were exported annually. New Zealand had only 24,000,000 sheep, but exported 5,000,000 carcases every year. It was time that the Ministry did something towards eradicating the noxious weeds, which were fast spreading throughout the State. Now that a defence system had been established in the Commonwealth, the State Ministry might create stations for breeding horses. Experts had expressed the opinion that there were considerable areas in Victoria suitable for such purposes. The tramway systems in Melbourne were really part of the railway systems, and should be taken over by the State. He advocated the establishment of workmen's homes about 20 miles from Melbourne, with an efficient railway service to bring artisans to and from the city. If the Ministry wished the sugar beet project to be a success it should reduce the area that farmers were required to place under beet from 10 acres to 5 acres. More land should also be purchased for the beet industry. Many practical men had been lost to Victoria for the want of more liberal land laws. LABOUR PARTY'S INCONSISTENCY. Mr. Menzies regretted that greater success had not attended Mr. Watt's efforts to convert the loan of £4,000,000, and to raise a further loan of £2,000,000, especially in view of the large commitments in which the State was involved. The Labour party were always hostile critics of the Ministry, but their inconsistency robbed their criticisms and attacks of much of their force. He would ask the deputy leader of the Opposition whether he believed in the policy of the Labour Government of New South Wales in sending an order abroad for £350,000 worth of railway engines. Mr. J. W. Billson.— We don't believe in it. Mr. Menzies.— Neither do I. Mr. Hannah.— Then why did you support a Ministry which did a similar action? Mr. Menzies.— Whatever the Ministry concerned, he was strongly opposed to that kind of thing, and had always said so. He would never countenance any departure from the principle of having goods manufacturer in Victoria if they could be so manufactured, even if the cost were slightly higher. The Labour party, however, never tired of advocating the doctrine of high wages and reasonable hours, and yet it was one of the first to depart from the principle. He hoped the Government would make a vigorous effort to connect up the State railway services with the border territory, so that the needs of the settlers might be served. An arrangement apparently had been arrived at between Victoria and New South Wales, and that being so neither Government should let the question rest until the proposed scheme of connections was an accomplished fact. Another matter that should engage attention was the question of the titles of the settlers in the disputed territory between Victoria and South Australia. Mr. Mackey.— It is only a matter of a month or two before the matter will be settled. Mr. Menzies.— That was no reason why effective occupation should not be immediately insisted upon and necessary improvements effected. Immigration should not be allowed to slacken. A marked and significant feature of all the speeches delivered by members of the Labour party was that not one single word was uttered in favour of immigration. They picked out isolated and extreme cases, with the object of denouncing and retarding the policy, and never spoke a word in its praise. If any justification of extending the immigration policy was necessary, it was to be found in the following figures:— From 1891 to 1910, a period of 20 years, the increased in the population of Victoria had been only 10,000 per annum. At that rate it would take 50 years to add 50 per cent. to the total. In Victoria there was only a population of 15 people to the square mile; while for Australia the population was only one and a half people to the square mile. It had been stated that immigration was responsible for the great growth in the city population. According to statistics, however, even if no State-aided immigrants were regardedans having gone into the country — which was absurd — these immigrants would represent only one-tenth of the increase of city population. The unemployed problem was not so much due to the fact that the State had entered upon a system of immigration, but that the people had migrated from the country into the city. The problem was how to stop the influx from the country into the metropolis. The debate was adjourned, on the motion of Mr. Menzies. On the motion for the adjournment. Mr. Cotter said that his attention had been directed to advertisements inserted in the press calling for workmen who, when they arrived at the place mentioned in the advertisement, found that they had been hoaxed. These cruel advertisements had been published on several occasions, and many men made fruitless trips who could ill afford the money for the fares. In one instance a workman spent his last sixpence in travelling to a place mentioned in one of these bogus notices. He trusted that the Acting Premier would give the subject serious consideration, and after consulting the proper authorities, take immediate steps to prevent a repetition of such acts. Mr. Murray said that he did not know if these cruel hoaxes were punishable or not. It appeared to him that there would be very safe grounds for making the proprietors of the newspapers who published such advertisements responsible also with the person who perpetrated them. He would inquire into the question, and if there were no law on the statute books which would reach the offenders, he would see if legislation could not be provided which would prevent a repetition of such hoaxes, which were so silly and cruel that they had no defence. The House at ten minutes to 10 o'clock adjourned until 11 o'clock this morning. MURRAY WATERS. PROPOSED LEGISLATION. OTHER NEW BUSINESS. Mr. Murray, the Acting Premier, has given notice to move for leave to introduce into the legislative Assembly a bill to ratify and provide for the carrying out of an agreement entered into between the Premiers of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia in respect of Lake Victoria and the Murray River. Mr. H. McKenzie, the Minister of Lands, proposes to bring in a bill to enable municipal councils to provide workers' dwellings. Mr Hannah has announced his intention to move that provision be made for the payment of pensions to all widows in Victoria. When the Legislative Assembly meets on Tuesday the Minister for Railways (Mr. Billson) will be asked by Mr. Hannah to lay on the table of the library documents relating to the inquiry which was recently held into the working of the Melbourne goods sheds, dealing with the grievances of employees. Mr. Tunnecliffe will ask the Chief Secretary (Mr. Murray) whether the services of police constables engaged at football and sports gatherings are paid for by the clubs interested; and whether the same rule regarding the payment of constables applies in connection with the industrial struggle at the Virginia[?] mine at Eaglehawk. 