: THE WORLD FOR CHRISTT! WHAT OUR CHURCH IS DOING. METHODISM'S WORLD-WIDE FOREIGN MISSIONS: A FLYING- SURVEY. - -- ? BY REV. W. MORLEY, D.D. ! ' \;l Methodists the world over are invited to join the English Wesleyan Missionary Society in celebrating their Centenary, on the 5th and 6th of October. The occasion is a fitting one to record the disclosures and the triumphs of a hundred years ' work among heathen people. Going back to the Old Boggard House, after wardsjcnown as St. Peter's Chapel, at Leeds, we find its . birthplace. We contrast the limited means and outlook of the promoters with the boundless fields now-. opened and so largely tilled. As we do this, we are con strained to quote John Wesley's favourite text, and say ' ' What hath God wrought! ' INDIVIDUAL ENTERPRISE AND INITIATION preceded organised effort. In this respect the Wesley family was conspicuous. The first John Wesley, our Founder's grandfather, had a burning desire to go to Surinam— Dutch Guana. Samuel Wesley published a ; comprehensive scheme for Missions in India, China, .and Abyssinia, and, when over sixty, wished to go to the first named country. Susanna, his wife, records that her devotion was quickened by reading of the work of the Danish Missions at Tranquebar. No won der that 'their sons, John and Charles, accepted the offer to go to Georgia, to preach to the Indians, as well as to the Colonists. And it was like the mother to say 'Had I twenty sons I would gladly give them all up for this, even though I should never see them more. ' ' John Wesley's converts were of the. same mind. In' 1758, lie preached at Wandsworth, London, in the house of Nathaniel Gilbert, a planter of Antigua, and baptised two of his negro servants. Returning to the West In dies, Mr.. Gilbert and his brother proclaimed the Gospel, which had made them spiritually free, to the slaves on their 'o-vyh estate. Within two years they had gathered an'd_ organised a Methodist Society ' of. two hundred persons. John Baxter, of Chatham, shipwright and local preacher, accepted a Government appointment : to the same island, in the hope thai; he might extend 'his Divine -Master's: cause. . Twelve months after landing he: reported six, hundred .had joined, the Society, and . many .-w.alked ;barefoot, seven ; 'to ten. miles, to; attend class. ..He built a large chapel in the chie'f town and the' .six, hundred, .members were multiplied '.three fold. Godly soldiers carried their religion with them when they went to the British- possess! on s abroad, and in places not a few sowed the good seed of the Kingdom. SOON THE MACEDONIAN CRY WAS HEARD ' 'by the Methodists of United Kingdom. At the Con ference of 177S, two African Chiefs requested that missionaries should be sent;to, Guinea, now,-, better known as the Gold Coast. . After hours .of discussion, a major ity declined the proposal. , But we may well believe that Thomas Coke, the. learned and rjerfervid Welsh man, who was present,, voted with the minority. Pos sibly he then yielded to a Divine impulse that after wards made him 'The Father of Methodist 'Missions. '-' Six years later he published the 'Plan of a Society for the esablishment of Missions among the Heathen.' He wrote to Fletcher, of Madeley, respecting it, and that sainted minister's name appears in the first list of sub scribers. Coke himself meditated a Mission to Bengal, found, agents to work among the Fulahs of Africa, ? and in 1S.11 sent the first Methodist minister to Sierra Leone. Again and again, he crossed the Atlantic, took ?preachers with him, broke up new ground in the West Indies, and by 1812 there were '15,000 negroes members of the Methodist Societies. Meantime he had arranged for Methodist preaching to the Welsh and Irish, and to the French prisoners in England, in their own tongues. No wonder the conviction came to the Conference, that in Coke they had a man chosen of God for special work in the Foreign field. Eventually he was made Superintendent of Missions. He infected others with his own enthusiasm and spent days and months coir lecting funds from door to door. India was more and more upon his heart, and Ceylon presented the -most, favourable opening. At the Conference of 1813, in'.his 66th year, he pleaded with tears for a mission to the distant East, and offered his whole fortune to finance it. In memorable words, he said he would rather be landed on the coast of Ceylon without food, clothing/ or a friend than not go at all. Oj-inions were divided and strongly held. The debate was long, and for a time the issue was doubtful. After a sleepless night, Coke spoke again. Moved by his earnestness, his breth ren at last yielded, and sent him forth with six others, who had volunteered. One of these was to be left at the Cape of Good Hope; another was to proceed to Java; three were to work in Ceylon, and the sixth was to travel with the intrepid leader. 'Did I not tell you,' said he, 'that God would answer prayer?' The Church was now fairly committed to the work of preaching the Gospel 'in the regions beyond,' and realised that it was necessary to find supplies. THE NEED CALLED FORTH THE MEN AND THE MEANS. A few months previously Coke had visited Leeds, nnd consulted with its warm-hearted Methodists as to what could be done. There were there 'a band of men whose hearts God had touched. ' ' Among the min isters were three mighties — Bunting, Watson, and New ton. The first had volunteered for India, and not being allowed to go, threw all his strength and enthusiasm into the necessary organisation, and declared himself willing ' ' to become a fool for Christ 's sake. ' ' Watson inspired the York and Lancashire congregations by his: matchless sermons, and Robert Newton's fame as 'the peerless orator of the movement' spread. With them were Godly and influential'laymen — William Brigg and IN. G. Scarth, — Thos. Thompson and Joseph Butter worth, probably. the first Methodist Members of Par-, liament — and Williani Dawson, of Barnbow, whose con secrated eloquence and native fire thrilled the congre gations. The fire kindled in the Old Boggard House meeting spread through the Connexion. Coke's death on the voyage but deepened the devotion of those at home, who 'held the ropes.' Committees were formed everywhere, collectors appointed, meetings held, 'arid Foreign Missions gained a hold on the affections of Methodists, which grips them 'more strongly as the years roll by. South Africa had been, occupied in 1813. In 1815 Samuel Leigh landed in Sydney, and a' few years later opened the Mission in New Zealand. Con tinental India was invaded in 1817, and in time found a footing in all the Presidencies and several native States. George Piercy opened up China in 1850. From the West Indies the Gospel messengers found their way to Hoduras and British Guana, and more recently to Panama. Meantime, our co-religionists in the Uni ted States, themselves the fruit of the apostolic labour of Ashbury and his coadjutors, realised their responsi bility. Not only did they care for the Indians in their midst, but they organised churches and conferences for the German and Sandinavian immigrants. The Methodist Episcopal Church, North, sent its agents to Italy. Presently they found their way to Switzreland, German, Finland, Austria, and Bulgaria) and their success is shown by the fact that they: now have in those lands a membership of sixty thousand'. They have occupied strategic points in China, Indisi, Korea, and Malaysia, staffed them well, and are doing a great work. Recently they have opened in Africa: The sister Methodist Episcopal Church, that of the South, won tens of thousands of slaves to Christ; and still holds them, now they are free.. They also have missions ; in Korea, China'; Japan, have done a ' great work in Mexico, establishing two Conferences in' Bra-: zil, and are morally transforming Cuba. Canadian Methodism sent its representatives to, China and Japan. The younger Methodist Churches have emulated the zeal \ of the elder. Primitive ?.Methodism and OBible Christians, the United Methodist'Free Churches of Eng land, the Methodist New Connexion, and the. Free Methodists of the United' States have provoked 'their brethren 'to love and good works' in' East Africa, China, and elsewhere. Even the gallant little Metho dist Church of France has its mission to the Kabyle's of North Africa. The Parent Wesleyan Society has its garrisons in Italy, Spain, Portugal, and its outpost, in Cairo. ' Time fails to ' tell '' : ry'^ THE HEROIC STORY OF .TOILS AND TRIUMPHS'; in tlie hundred years now closing. Thejr xan*only.be ' glanced at, but- there are incidents and histories which' ought not to be forgoUenU:')The story of Barnabas'. and William Shaw, ? and-the tirclesVlabours.of the 'martyred Threlfalljin South lAfricajihaye; all- the' fascination'' of a;.romance : ? The 'manner'-in- which' ? -!Dove,' .''-Badger-,-- and; Freeman braved the climatic conditions of West Africa, and faced the bloodthirsty savages' of Ash an ti, ought to be told over and over again. Thomas Cryer's de voted life and labours -in India, D. J; Gogerly's linguis tic triumphs and herculean toil in Ceylon, and William Arthur's ' Letters, fronv.;Mys6r.e/.' awakened an inter est in India's millions which th'eir successors have well and worthily, sustained. Pier.cy-'s responses to a Divine call, made him-^a^vYorkshire 'ffaTiner— ^-our rjioneer jn that great Empir'e,:.'and David .'Hill 's consecration of wealth, and his saintly and useful life' there, are an inspiration. Some' 'of -the; first -preacher's . in the., West Indies were tarred and i'pathered, flogged' and .confined in filthy gaolSjV arid- Counte'd not, their. -. -.lines':, dear unto them. In : Canada j William Case,', Raines, Eyansy and Edgerton Young ^stand' out as .representatives .of- hal lowed and successfj.il work among Indians 'and Esqui mos. The wonderful. reyiyalinJTo'nga under Peter Tur ner, and the' greats work' done:r'by';Cargil], Hunt, Lyth, and others,' in the'^anhiUardays. of 'Fijij were literally G6spel:tiiumplis. -Nor ought- tlie quieter, but none the less devoted/- labours : of- 'George '^Stott in Stockholm, John Lyth in Germany, ^andSPiggott . and Jones in Italy, to be lost sight of.- Ofjthe living we- may, not speak, but for these former 'leaders of . campaigns against ignorance, sin, and abounding evil and wretch edness, and for their successes we may- well thank God. So the work has gone steadily forward. Now, under the auspices of a score' of Societies, there are employed' in Methodist Missions 918 ordained ministers, with 104 male and 648 female lay helpers'. ; They are aided 'by 20,849 native workers, of whom 1,410 have been called to the work of the Christian ministry, and are pastors and evangelists among their own people. Six hundred and seventy-three central mission stations are occupied, and ten times that number of outposts, while itinerant evangelism beyond these touches a large area and vast populations. The number of baptised converts is 708,150, and of adherents, a million and a half.' More than five hundred thousand children are taught in the schools. The annual income supplied from the home base aggregates £1,386,000. The native churches, in addition to supporting catechists, teachers, and pastors of their own, give yearly £160,000 for the extension of the Gospel. THE VARIED CHARACTER AND BENEFICENT EFFECTS of what has been done can be only outlined. Strange and uncouth languages have been acquired, the gram mars systematised, and made the vehicle for giving the Holy Scriptures to those who speak them. The story is still told of a Methodist missionary in Soxith Africa, who rode two hundred miles to tell how he had discov ered the key to Kaffir speech. Education — primary, secondary, and college — according to varied needs, hag been provided. The treasures of Western learning have been made available to the East, always with the 'purpose of bringing their scholars to know Him 'Who is the true God, and Eternal Life.' The awful bodily suffering and the ravages of dis ease have been grappled with and alleviated by mis sion hospitals. Doctors — men and women' both — of high attainments, who could have won fame and wealth at home are spending their lives among strange peoples and in remote places, to fulfil the command of Jesus to 'heal the sick.' Thousands of children, orphaned by famine, have been cared for, trained to agriculture arid handicrafts, and enabled to earn their daily bread. The declining days of poor lepers are brightened by Chris? tian- sympathy and medical aid, and schools for blind children instituted, and successfully carried on. Above all, and in the midst of all, the Gospel of salvation has been constantly preached, and in every land its transforming, and uplifting power has been proved. PRESENT CLAMANT NEEDS AND SUCCESSES. . These can be best represented by a few sample facts drawn from fields widely remote from each other. Dr. Haigh reports that the territory in which the Wesleyan Missionary Society in China works is equal to the combined area of France and Switzerland, with Holland, Belgium and Denmark thrown in. Its popiila tion is equal .to that of England and France put to gether. Dr. Mott says the spirit of hearing in that great Empire is even keener than in India. Thousands come to listen to the Gospel message, and. the schools and colleges of American Methodists there are crowded. When the South African Conference was established, in 1883, there were 29,000 native members. Now there are 157,000. As to the opportunities, 225,000 raw heathen come every year to the gold mines in and around Johannesburg. At the end of twelve months, these scatter to their homes, and their places are taken by others. In this Southern world we rejoice over 6,500 persons in the Solomons, and 25,000 in New Britain, who hear the Gospel from Methodist preachers. But in- each of these groups nine-tenths of the people have never heard the sound of Jesu's name. Methodism has the means to do much more. Volun teers from our churches are equipping themselves, and are glad to go forth to the dark places of the earth. May all her sons' and daughters realise the urgency of the call, and the greatness of the opportunity given, to make the heathen Christ's inheritance, and the utter most parts of the earth His possession. — 'Spectator' (Melbourne). 