EARLY MELBOURNE (BY "OLD CHUM.") No. 182. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Some unavenged Murders—Disappearance of a Settler—The "Boiling-down" Process—A Person of Political Influence— The Keilor Murder Case—A Miscarriage of Justice— Chief Constable Brodie Active—A Haunted Woman— "Marriages Made in Heaven"—Public Executioners —Their Remuneration—The First Executioner a First Fleeter—"Jack Ketch"—Derrick—A Derivation—The First Port Phillip Executioner—Sam Davies—"A Double-distilled Scoundrel"—Jack Harris—Doing the Mayor "a Good Turn"—James Cahill —"She Married the Hangman"— Michael Gately—A Well-connect- ed Hangman, Elijah Upjohn— The Place of Execution. A somewhat gruesome chapter is this—a record of unavenged murders and of the several occupants of the unenvied post of executioner. As honest historian, the stories must be told. ln the late forties, several murders were reported which were unnavenged, and are still so. Apart from the murders of whites by blacks, and vice versa, which I cannot afford space for, there were numerous cases in which whites only were concerned. A rumor of one terrible murder in the Western Port District was generally credited in 1848, though no data reliable ?? action ever reached the poiice authorities— (Finn.) A settler, in a small way, suddenly disappeared, and it was declared that he had been murdered by his wife and an accomplice, who afterwards married her. The old man was strangled one night in his sleep; his body boiled down, the more easily to render his flesh and bones amenable to fire; and every trace of him was reduced to cinders of the most friable kind, when complete pulverisation followed. This much was vaguely known to the police; but not until time had made an inquiry impracticable. The widow and her second husband (the accomplice a widower, too, when he espoused her) lived, if not really, at least apparently, happy together for several years afterwards in Melbourne, whither they had removed, and the husband, before he died, came to be regarded as a person of some political influence. They have both since passed away to the eternal "bourne," where their guilt or innocence has long since been established. Mr. Finn, in mentioning the matter, says, "Over their names I throw the charity of silence, for they never got into the early newspapers, and as their innocence might be quite possible, notwithstanding the rumors and belief to the contrary, it is no purpose of mine to even risk an injustice to anyone, either living or dead." * * * Another shocking case occurred within half a dozen miles of Melbourne, and though it terminated in a total miscarriage of justice (it formed the subject of a police office inquiry in Melbourne), there can be no objection, from a historical point of view, in reprinting it. * * * In August, 1849, John Keane, Thomas Austin, and John Moroney were employed as shepherds on the station of Mr. James Robertson, of Keilor, Keane was married, and his wife lived with him. And so matters went on, until one day Keane was not to be found, and no one could, or would, tell what had become of him. Keane had been five years in service in the place, and when Mr. Robertson heard of the man's unaccountable absence on July 13, he questioned the wife as to her husband's whereabouts, and was told by her that he had gone to Melbourne to obtain payment of some money owing him by one McManus, who lived in Little Bourke-street. In a day or two after, Austin was sent to inquire for the missing man. He hunted up McManus, the supposed debtor, who declared that he had seen nothing of Keane. Austin retum- ed to Keilor with an account of the failure of his mission, and matters were allowed to rest for some days, but still there were no tidings of the missing Keane. Before the week passed Austin, noticing the remains of a fire near Keane's hut, some impulse prompted him to search, and from the ashes he picked up portions of charred bones, three or four shreds of burnt cloth, and a tobacco pipe belonging to the missing man. The search was extended, and soon more burnt bones were discovered in a creek, closer to the hut. Chief Constable Brodie instituted further search, and an examination of the creek, which led to the finding of some more bones and pieces of cloth, one of the latter of greenish woollen stuff, corresponding in color and texture with the materials of a coat Keane was known to have worn; though, on being questioned about it, his wife declared that at the period of his disappearance her husband had no such coat, for he had some time previously lent it to a shepherd, who had not returned it. On being further questioned, she sulk- ed, and asked, "If they thought she was going to say anything to condemn herself." To one of the search party she observed, with some sarcasm, "Ha! that's a way in- deed to search for a man, as if ye think ye can make one out of rags and bones." The woman's manner was peculiar—one moment cool and collected, the next violent agitated, and then breaking into fits of levity. A thorough examination of the hut resulted in some extremely suspicious revelations. There were blood marks on the bedstead, out of which pieces of wood had been re- cently cut; the bed-ticking was damp, and appeared as if it had been lately washed; and some bones were scraped out of a heap of ashes near the door. Mrs. Keane and John Moroney were arrested on a charge of murder, and on August 30 the pair were brought before Mr. Charles Payne, J.P., and a bench of District Magistrates, at Me!- bourne. It was proved against the male prisoner that he was apparently on very intimate terms with the woman, at whose hut he had frequently been seen both before and after her husband's disappearance. He admitted having been at Keane's hut the 11th, when Keane wished him to prepare a deed of separation between him and his wife. Both the accused protested their innocence. They were committed for trial, the man being allowed bail in his personal recognisance of £100, and two sureties of £50 each, which he obtained, and was released from custody. But the woman was remanded to gaol, and while there betrayed symptoms of insanity. She was kept in gaol until December 19, when the Crown prosecutor, considering he had not sufficient evidence to go farther, consented to her re- lease upon a personal bail of £50. No further steps were ever taken to bring Keane's murderers to justice. Mrs. Keane seemed as if a haunted woman. She could not bear the sight of Chief Constable Brodie, to whom she would point tremblingly, and audibly mutter, in flattering accents, "Oh! there's the devil," and run away. She once said her husband had been stabbed; but never could she be got to speak about him again. In this way she remained, leading a life of miserable unrest, until March, 1851, when a fine, strapping young Scotchman, a new arrival, named Percival, actually fell in love with her. In a week after, they became man and wife, and so she passed out of public view, and nothing after was heard of her. If there be any truth, says Edmund Finn, about marriages being made in heaven, one would be induced to regard the second nuptials of Mrs. Keane as an exception to the rule. * * * With capital punishment still upon the Statute book, a public executioner must be maintained at the expesse of the public. The first individual to fill the unenviable post in Australia was one John Rice, who came as a convict for seven years in the First Fleet. He was also entrusted with the duties of scourger, and, if all we read be true, he had his hands full, and earned his "wages," which consisted mainly of privi-' leges, and very little coin. The story of the public executioner in all times is of varied «olor. -Mr. Bdmiind fina had been to some trouble to ascertain the status of hangman and headsman in other lands. In. Imperial Home, the "caraifex 1 '' was an object 01 such aversion that he was not permitted to .reside within the city walls. In tke. ; ;|uidale ages the o£ice of headsman was heia in such, esteem in certain -Jiurcpean. couutrics as to be hereditary; vriiiat during the brief Danish succession in .England ae was treated 4g ot equal rank, with the Archbishop of Canterbury and the l «• <6 » -In En^lsiid. 'a common hangman named Gregory iirandon, by a uick, su imposed on' the Garter King at Arms as to- be enrolled l*s an ".Esquire," iud Lena on Lawmen were, for a time, designated ' Gregaries/' or "Esquires,' 5 after him. Ansiher suuliar official was a Mr. Ihiaa, and several subsequent finishers of the law wore kne^n &s; "liuniis." The London hangman who -has most notedly come "down to as was a ilr. John Keteh, suppt-sad'to hare flourished in" or about 1632. He was a married gentleman, and his dexterity in. ridding the world j of condemned criminals inspired his wife with such admiration foi his handicraft as to make her boastful of his skill. She was aiwajs boasting to her neighborly goss.es that "anyone might do a plain pi&ce; of - work, such as a bare hanging; but to make a malefactor 'die sweetly* was a giil that 1 j belonged only to her husband." StiU, the identity of "Mr. .Ketch'' is by no ineaas settled beyond dispute, notwithstanding 2.11 assertion of the great historian, Macaulay, that "Jack Kctca" was the popular .same for a public hangman, derived from a person so called, who officiated as such in the reiga of Charles II. "Jack Ketch" was quite an apocryphal hero, if there be truth • in Lloyd's MS. collection of British pedigrees in the British Museum, where the following version of the unenviable nomenclature is to fee found:—"The 3£anor of Tyburn, where -felons were for a considerable period' executed, was held by one flichard 'Jaquett,' whose cognomen was afterwards' corrupted or Anglicised into 'Jack Ketch,' a bisection or transformation which seems to have chimed in so 'Ketehingly' with the vul- • gar taste, that when once caught it was de-; tained. and so remains incorporated with English slang to the present tiine. not;,only, in Britain, but in every portion of the globe where the Anglo-Saxon tongue is spoken." There was also in London, during the 17th century, a hangman whose name was Derrick, whose cognomen is also . imp en" stably inwoven with our language. This worthy was such a genius in his particular line of 2 ii | 1 swinging,-that be devised-"a novel mode of roping wretches turned over to his care; " but though his invention did not take in'the manner intended, it s-iggested the construction of a special sort of crane by lasting spars in the maimer in which Derrick rigged his gibbets, a contrivance found so convenient and effectual' in unloading end hoisting purposes on board ship, that it grew into a regular maritime appliance", and a modification of it is still known:as the derrick. * • » In connection with the old Ecglish executioners, a curious fallacy exists 2s io their remuneration. Hasgmea's W£ge3 have been assessed at thirteenpeaes halfpenny- per case, with the culprits cloihes. thrown f n as a perqais'te; but this is 3 pooler error, which originated ia the fact that- stealing -to the value of the amount stated was et one time regarded as a capital crime. - la reality, the hanging tarifi -ws 6 cocslderaUy higher, as- is shown .in the following .transcript of an account furnished (November 10, 1813) to Sir John Silveetcr, a L?sdon Recorder:—To executioner's fees, Vs. lid.: to stripping the bedv, 4s. 6d.; to lifie of " shell, 2s. 6d.; total, 14s. 6d. « Originally in Port Phillip there was no stated allowance for an execution, and the first hangman's office was required in the case of two Tandemonian aboriginals executed in January, 1842. When it was announced that' a hangman was wanted, there were s dozen applicants for tie post: but as the Government restricted the choke to convicts under - sentence, one Samuel D&vieg; *rs.s selected. According to Mr. Finn, he was a double-distilled secundrel, who, after doing a sentence at Port Arthur, passed, over to the new settlement, where he soon got into trouble, and was serving a life sentence when the stroke of luck came in his way which secured his engagement. His remuneration for his first job must have astonished him, fcr he was not only paid £10 in hard cash, but he also obtained a ticket-of-leave, which meant a discharge from prison, acd freedom as long as he. '"mustered and reported" himself to the police. This fellow was about the best" conducted of the hangmen, and he continued to- officiate until certain doubts arming cut of tie validity of the removal from office of the first Bes'-dent Judge iWiiiis) led to the practical abolition of capital punishment for several years, when, his occupation being, gone, Davies quietly slipped cut of the public mind, and nothing was heard of him afterwards. e «• « The first permanent executioner in Port Phillip was one Jack Harr s, whs was transported from .England in 1S18, and remained a prisoner of the Crown of New South \Vaies penai establishment for 23 years. In Melbourne hs was employed as assi&Uizrc; ha.ng- Eian for some time, but never presided at an execution until a permanent &PP;°i £ tment was made. His pay was 2s. 6d. a day, with rations, and a borne—a celi—in the Melbourne Gaol, bis first job was in ridding the world «f a murderer, and a muddie he made of it. It <.ock eight miasms to strangle the hcpless wretch. Hasris hsrjig obtained his freettom. became a thorough drunken ecamp and pubLe nuisacce. Ike police often brought h ia before the Police Bench, whence he was sent baek to gaol. One day he was brought before the Major, Henry Moor. He was accused of -being drunk and disorder};, and begged Lard for anoiiei chance, promis.ng soKmiy. to turn over & new leaf. The Mayor took hliu at his word, which so astonished Jack , that burst" out into a profusion of thanks, in which he professed ibe desirs, should opportunity arrive, of gome day his _ worfsiiip "a good turn." This created roars cf laugiicr in toe co-urt, which so enn^ed the liayor, thai ha ordered- the ecoundr^i.. out i before he changed his" mind and Rel^t him j to Harris keps clesr of tits law for j a couple ot years, during triiich he was al- i most a sinecurist, as there only one | execution in 1848, and none ia '49 ' or '50, . and but one in 13al. Tile gaol Hoggings did not a»erage more than, two. per year, j and Harris b-gr.a to so rust, that one daj I he bolted for Gccloag;- committed several | thefia, and w&s; agsis^ landed in gaol. ... Towards* th^,close of.. ; *Sl thought .ntccg- j sary tb v ; obEain A'neW the cStoe was conferred upon James CahiU, an :. "emancipist," or prisoner; "flee by serr!- tude." He also hailed fitiiE Sydney; fee was a poor hand with the "eat," and so fumbled his first execution that-, had -not Harris been brought from Geeloiig «»' «. helper, Cahill would hardly have got 1 through with it. Gahill married a fine' buxom immigrant girl of some personal 