Fortunos Mado by Boxors. What h1wi.1I we do with ovir boys ? The ((iic.Hl.ion hum recently discus sed by nn Kiijillsh wrltrr, who mii; gesloii thai, (hoy Hhuiild In; mn-lo pro fcHsionnl ho.vr.s, in view of tlir largo fortunes tunny had wcurrd in thn ring. II wii.s believed that a professional bnxi'r wns necesstirily only a sn.iill remove from ihi; stiitiiH of » continu ed loafer, and thnl. he wns condemn ed to iilteiilute bouts between brief periods of wild outbursts of drink (ind riot, following n temporary ac cession of a few pounds gained by a ring victory, nnd a normal existence of intermittent cadging nnd penury. Even the grout champions themselves wen; supposed to havo little to look forward to save the more or less pre carious calling of a publican. One hns sndly to confess that there was much reason for these sayings. It is true that such men ns Jem 3face, John Slorrisscy, Joo Cobtirn, Jack Dempscy, Peter Jackson, John I-. Sullivan, Jem Hall, George Dlx on. Frank, Slav.ln, and a- host of others amassed quite respectable in comes in their time, und it is equal ly true that most of these men gal loped through their bank rolls al most as fast as they could slack' them up, though the great John L. did bring himself up with a round turn. He is now said to have stored away something llko £20, 000\. Well, ho has had his lesson, for lie certainly blow away some thing pretty close on £«200,000 in hi.s wild and woolly days. Jim Corbett and Jim Jeffrioa have also hod to face tight corners more than once in their career, but Pom padour Jim also succeeded in pulling his affairs round, and by dint of the atrical work has, it is believed, no reason to fear the udvent of any ravenous wolf at his door for some time to come. It is, moreover, an open secret that the chief inducement which ap pealed to big Jeff when he consent ed to 'come buck/' for Jack John son was the excellent prospect of a welcome relief to the existing tight ness of tho money mavkpt. Of course, the professional l)oxer who wants to amass a colossal for tune can scarcely hope to get num bered an.ong the millionaires, unless he can make reasoanably sure of se curing some sort of championship title, though this is by no means a sine qua' non. Pacliej' McFarlanO, for instance, has never won any championship. He has been so un fortunate as to scale between a cou ple of divisions, yet he recently own ed up to a fortune of £i50,000, col lected solely as a professional boxer, even if it has been improved by a few judicious investments. And Pac key is not yet twenty-five. He start ed with nothing. He had just the or dinary American National School education. He commenced life in the Chicago Packing Yards. He discovered that he could' box skilfully, in the course of n, few bovs' 'scraps,' and, starting out to bat tle in short contests, for a few dol lars a time, can now command as much as £2000 for a 10-round no decision go. And by the way, when computing Pack.ey's fortune, it has to be remembered that he has made far more than he has standing to his credit. The career of a prominent professional boxer is by no means an inexpensive one. And then Packey has also been in no way forgetful of the coKifort of his father and mo ther, and family generally. Battling Nelson is probably fully as wealthy as Mcl-'arland, despite ono or two more or less unfortunate minj/ng speculations and 'invest ments. Yet Nelson's stdrtMn life was at least as inauspicious as McFarland's. He was the son of a Danish immigrant, an ordinary lab-: orer, even as Packey was the son of an Irish immigrant in similar cir-1 cumstances. ' . ' The Battler was drawing a munifi cent wage of something likp 5s a week for watering horses belonging to a circus when he 'made his ring debut. He got one dollar for that k-.o. victory, and , got robbed of it before ho left the tent. This lookpd to bo a painfully discouraging start, but the Battler went ahead, and by the end of 1908 (that is to say after 12 yours' boxing) he was able to boast of a fortune (invested at that) of somewhere near £45,000. Freddie Welsh, England's light-' weight champion, is another who must have a particularly portly stocking, but he lost ai big. sum through having to cry off the match with Willie Ritchie owing ' to a sprained ankle. Welsh did not commence boxing as a professional until he was nast his 19th birthday, before which he had done anything and everything he could to keep body and soul to gether. Ho had carried sandwich boards, had taught wrestling, wash ed up dishes in restaurants, und was finally driven into the ring by urgent necessity. Ho has never regretted having been driven, though. For hc has gained not only wealth, but a position in society, tEo respect and friendship of distinguished literary and artistic lights, and tho affection of a world-wide circle of frionds. Ono could pursue tho list almost indefinitely if ono had the space to do so. Ad. Wolgast, Owen Mqran, Billy Papko, Frank KlauB, K. O. Brown, Jack Britton, Mike Gib bons, Matt Wells have all built up decent fortunos in quick time from, in most cases, the most ;humble beginnings. Georges Carpon,tier wus working for less than 5s a week as a surface boy on a coal mine. Ho is not yet 20, but pleads guilty to ai fortune of well over £-12,bO0. 