IMMIGRATION POLICY. "WEEDS" NOT WANTED Many of the immigrants who arrived dur- ing 1912 were of an unsatisfactory type, and, as a result, the Ministry has decided that greater restriction must be exercised in selecting immigrants in future. Further ex- planation of the policy to be pursued this year was made yesterday by the Minister in charge of immigration (Mr. Hagelthorne). He stated that Victoria did not want "weeds", and therefore quality, not quantity, was to be looked for. When in England the Premier would give special attention to the question of obtaining youths from 16 years to 20 or 21 years. Generally speak- ing, the West Ham boys, who had been drawn almost entirely from London, had given great satisfaction to their Victorian employers, but even better types must be obtainable in the country centres. The main point was to secure youths young enough, for under Vic- torian conditions, any healthy boy seemed capable of developing into a useful resident if sent to the country. It was almost cer- tain that the state could secure a large num- ber of suitable youths from the country centres of Great Britain if efforts were directed towards obtaining the type. In re- gard to farm labourers, the department would refuse to assist those whom it did not think a sufficiently satisfactory class, and efforts would be made to secure more Danish and Scandinavian workers. During the past year many so-called farm labourers who asked for assistance to Victoria had chiefly lived in London or other large centres. In future farm labourers who ap- parently acquired their experience in cities would be refused, and the immigration of- ficials would be instructed to go into the country to obtain farm workers. Though the number of assisted immigrants might be limited to some extent by the care exer- cised in selection, it was that there would be an increased supply of nominated passengers for the country districts. In fact, the policy for 1913 would be to obtain set- tlers and workers from the country dis- tricts. 