IN accordance with our usual custom we take the opportunity of the close of another year to bring under review its many events in so far as they concern our town and district, while at. the same time discussing the pos sibilities of the new year as affec ted or controlled by the doings of the past twelve months. Natur ally the condition of our agricul tural interests, as being the back bone of the State and the prim ary momentum ofall- our-enter- prises, takes first place. While not to be compared with the pro ceeding year in regard to results, the year 1912 cannot be con sidered as in any way below the average in the returns to the pro ducers. The first months opened inayepieiously. During March, April and May a total of only 25 points of rain fell, and as fodder was scarce fears were held of a drought similar to the 1901 ex perience. Stock owners, princi pally in the Riverina, lost heavily and agriculturalists had serious- onnohflnRinnfi fifth A ns«- of their seed, which iay in the ground waiting for the life-giving rain, which seemed never to come. Fortunately all gloomy forebod ings were dispelled by a splendid break in June, followed in each1 succeeding month with beneficial and substantial rains, which com pletely altered the aspect of things and caused the hopes of the fanoer to once more run Irigli. Although the season experienced several vicissiiudeE, the harvest has at last been garnered and . is by no means disappointing. Tbg dairying industry, owing to the later rains, also r.eyived, and the stock fattening $pd lamb raising industry . ipmsuel » __ stimulus on account of the high prices realised in the fat markefls both for local consumption, and export. Altogether the. position of our farmers may be considered eminently satisfactory, and' as they" get more firmly established greater provision will no doubt Be made for the storage of fodder to over a dry period such as ex perienced in the earlier part of thfe year, when losses of 6tock will become unknown - and the " drought scare " entirely, obliter ated. The prosperity of the Coun try districts has been reflected in the town. We have bad occasion to make reference throughout the past year to the new buildings which have been in the course of erection, and it can safely be said that never before, in tbe history of Kerang have so many substan tial and pretentious structures been erected in a similar period. Last, but not least ot these is tbe new law courts, now nearing com pletion, and- which will prove a handsome ornament as well as a complete and commodious build ing, in which both higher and lower courts will sit to adminis ter justice. During the twelve months the agitation for a better fulway Service bore fruit, and we ive . now a, purely" -; passenger aifa "vicKV'mxdso tiU'tellArs >ih the metropolis in a trifle under eight hours— not a very marvel lous performance truly, but cer tainly an improvement on the old fifteen-mile average, with the in terminable and wearisome delays at all wayside stations. The next improvement in" traffic matters will no doubt be a refreshment room at the local station. This is being asked- for already by Swan Hill residents and will become imperative when the Swan Hill to Fiangil railway is constructed. The construction of this line, as well as the Cohuna railway, both of which have been authorised, will further 'tend to the develop-, ment of the several districts con cerned, and it is to be hoped that active constructive work will be witnessed on both lines during the present year. " More popu lation " is still our cry and is the great need for the successful de velopment of our district. So far we have not received our full share of the new influx of land seekers, but it is sure to come. The treatment of the Murrabit landholders of the Closer Settle ment Board in the ridiculously low valuations placed upon their holdings has been a decided set back to development in that dis trict It is to be hoped that un- i der the amended act better treat- ! ment will be extended to the , settlers and the value of the soil for irrigation and closer settle ment purposes more largely recog nised. With the complete and extensive works carried out in that locality by the Water Supply. Commission there is room and op portunity for a closely settled and prosperous community, where at the present time one house to two or thref square mijeqis about the average. Tire same remarks ap ply to other districts; notably in the north-west lakes area, where a wealthy syndicate . has pur chased a large acreage for sub- divisional purposes and from which further developments will be looked for in the new year. Summarising the various events of the past, all of which could not be touched upon in the space at our command (only the main ones hiving been noticed), no other conclusion can be arrived at but t rat Kerang and other surround ing centres are still marching on ii the . van of progress, and the limit of their possibilities is -Still in the far and dim distance. A wedding of more than ordinary local interest was celebrated by tbe Rev. ft. Ii.Jones, at St. Andrews Presbyterian Church, on Tiiesday evening, when Mr H. A. Macfarlane, ' of Lake Charm, wa uuited in marriage to Mis< Janet W. Rattray, elder daughter of Mr and Mrs D. G. Rattray, of Kerang. The church was made _ into a Jloral bower by toe girl friends of the bride, and was crowded to the doors by the large circle of her local friends and acquaintances. The bride was attended by her sister, Miss A. Rat tray and by Miss Hilda Rundle as brides maids ; whilst Miss Dehlys Jones car ried the bride's train. Messrs Macfar lane (brother) Mid Sloane were grooms men. After the ceremony the bridal party adjourned amid a perfect hail of confetti to the Manse lawn where they wore photographed. A breakfast was afterwards partaken of by a large party in the new Sunday School. Sir and Mrs Macfarlane subsequently left by motor for Bendigo en route for the Bias Moun tains. Foundation Day (25th January) will be celebrated on Monday, 27to January, 1913\. In order that , the holidays may ne observed in State schools, an addi tional day has been added to the Christ- J89S -Viog.hporwili .jiut . ja as'-, s amble till Tuesday, 28th January. Teachers have been req nested by the Education department to make suitable references to Foundation Day when the schools le- opdn on 28th January. A meeting of all interested in the improvement of Alexandra Park is con vened by-the secretary of toe improve ment committee (Mr C. H. Manning) for Monday evening next at 8 p m., at the Mechanics', lyhen the balance sheet of the Picnic Races on Boxing Day will be presented and general business dealt with. We have received from- the agents, Messre TrebeckaDd Son, Sydney, a book let with -attached lithe plan, describing the various features of the Tregalana es tate advertised for sale on tlyj 25bh Feb ruary next Tbe booklet is well got Up and is worthy of perusal by inteudiog land settlers. We understand further overtures ape be ing made by the Closer Settlement Board for toe purchase of lands in -the Koon drook 'Irrigation area which embraces the old districts of Koondrook, Myall and. Murrabit. _ Ab however, no advanoe has been, made in regard to "the prices offered . landholders, except in a .few instances, are not disposed to part .wish their holdings. \- Ths Board, however, has been successful in securing twp or three hundred acres in the Myall district. We are requested to sUte that £hq . clearing sale jof sheep, oattie, horses and paachinery, by Andrew . Muir and Col on Tuesday, Slst january, on account p£ :,Mr W. Gtrnigh, liiake Doga, .will be held . r .. I One of the most serious of the financial burdens irapbsed by the modern legis lative fancy for the creation of State boards of management is that of support ing an ever-increasing number of high- salaried officials. The following is a sum mary of too lucrative State and Federal appointments ju„t now waiting to be filled : — Federal. — Federal High Court : One judge, £ i,00'l ; two new judges, £6,000.. .Interstate Commission : Cbair- inan, £2,500-; . +two commissioners, I £4,000. State. — Agent General, £1,500. Country Roads Board : Chairman, £800 ; 'two members. £1,200. Melbourne Harbor Trust : +Ohairman, £1,500. Go vernment Printer, £800- Chief" Com missioner of Police, £900. New ex penditure. In order that the Government land agency attached to the Immigration- de partment may fully serve the purpose for which it was established, it is the inten tion of the Minist r to appoint an ad viser in regard to land outside the irriga tion areas. The purpose in view is to enable land owners and land seekers to co mo to -terms directly and expeditiously without having to deal with, private agents or oilr-r middlemen. At present only one officer is employed at the agency, and as his knowledge of land is limited to irrigation areas, it is thought advisable, in tot interests of future sett lers wishing to purchase improved blocks, that au officer should be available who has an intimate knowledge of wheat grow ing and dry farini g lands. When the appointment is made a list of available properties with particulars as to owner ship and selling prices will be prepared for toe benefit of land seekers generally. Manjr ofidie'i'mmigraiits wfio arrived during 19X2 were of an unsatisfactory typ. and, as a result, toe Ministry has decided that, greater restriction must be exercised in selecting immigrants' in future. In regard to farm laborers, toe department will in future refuse to assist those. whom it did not think of a suffici ently sati-factory class, and efforts are to be made to secure more Danish and Scandniavian workers. During the past year tdany so called farm laborers who asked for assistance, to Victoria had lived chiefly in London or other large centres. In future itm ' laborers who apparently acquired their experience in cities would be refused, and the immigra tion officials would be instructed to go into the country to obtain farm workers. Though the number of assisted immi grants might be limited to some extent by the care exercised iu selection, it was hoped that there wovld lie an increased Supply of nominated passengers for the country districts. In fact, the policy for 1913 would be to obtain settlers aud workers from the country districts. The "Water. Supply Commission has received a report from Mr Crawford, who was appointed to take charge of the water -bailiffs in the Tragowel area and to enquire into the alleged grievances of toe water users. In his report Mr Crawford states that there were no improper diver sions of water, and that if there were shortages they were caused by the fact that there were more blocks to be watered than could be watered by the water which was available. Some of the complaints which had been made were by men who had already had more water than bad been allocated to them, but at the same time the supply had not been sufficient to save the crops. The date of the clearing sale by William Wallace and Co., on account of Mr Fred Here, ab Mincha East, has been altered from Wednesday, January 29th, to Thursday, January 30th. 