GENERAL NEWS. Federal elections are to take place on Saturday, May 31st. The referenda on the constitutional amendments will be taken on the same day. The date of dissolution of parliament has not yet been fixed. The dates chosen for the next rifle meet ing at Kiamaare April 22, 23, and 24, sub iecr, however, to tbe time that may be taken in getting official approval to the ? i.t,«J. Una Knun fltiourn lift *.9K0 is the prize money. Clyde Shire Council declined to share in the cost of the recent presentation Address to the State Governor at Nowra. Prayers for rain in Nowra churches last Sunday. Mr. Beatus, whose death was recently reported from Wollongong, was MrsiRauch's father. Though not a public man, the late Mr. Beatus was a fine type of citizen. Milk is conveyed by launch from Burrier to the Bomadeny milk depot. Mr. George Tate, of Kangaroo Valley, has taken s^rae of his cattle to Bomaderry for grass. Berry Ag. Society improved its financial position last year by £30. Seeing the nature of tbe season pessimistic predictions were out for a loss. The year began with an indebtedness of £170, which is now reduced to £140. On Monday morning last week 2000 pairs of rabbits were delivered at the Braid wood refrigerating works. This establishes a record for the works. Says the Braid wood ' Review ' — Several buyers of store stock liaye been in the dis trict during. the past few days from Tass and elsewhere. It is not long ago since they were here looking for grass for starv ing stock. Fooley and Maloiie's mail car (Braid wood to Tarago) was destroyed by fire last week. It back fired and set alight to the carburet ta, which spread to the naptha tank. The mails were, rescued. Tilba Tilba, usually one of the garden spots of the coast, is in a bad state, and tons of feed are being brought in every week from Sydney. The Political Labor League of NSW. will, on March Id, take a ballot of Labor Leagues in the Eden Monaro electorate for a representative to oppose Me. Austin Chap man. Messrs. H. Lestrange and P. W. Yates have been nominated for the selec tion. It is the present intention of the Minister for Homo Affairs, Mr. King O'Malley, not to utilise champagne in the christening ceremony of the Federal capital. The Minister says Lady Dennmn will name the capita), and she will do it, not with impor ted or Australian Champagne, bub with water. A theatrical procession and matinee in Sydney last Saturday ' week, raised over £800 for the wives and families of the South Pole explorers. One leading actress received as much as £1 for a kiss, and sold quite a number. Robbie met a neighbor who was Btnoking some fine fragrant tobacco sent by his son in America. He took out bis own pipe ostentatiously, ' Haeyou a match, Sandy 1 ' he queued. The match was forthcoming, but; nothing more. ' I do believe,'** said Bobbie, ' I hae left ma tobacco at hame.' 'Then,11 said Sandy, after a eilence 'ye micht gie me back ma match. ' ? The Hon. G. W. Fuller, in a recent «how dinner speech, said he had tested the butters on the London maiket. We had much to learn from Denmark, but had nothing to fee ashamed of jx^our butter, put alongside line Danish, which latter bad 'been made specially for the London market for many Sears. If *-ur farmers, instead of making butter to our own tastes, were to make it tor London requirement!), the difference in price between the Australian and Danish f-rodocta would soon disappear, Mr, Mark Morton, M.L.A , in an address at Dapto Show, referred to the reoent state ment of a leading medical man in Sydney to the effect that the milk supply of the city was worse than sewerage, and characterised each an assertion as a libel on tbe dairy farmers in tbe Illawarra district, and an ^absolute misitatement. -The celebration 61 Mass on the summit of XoecinskQ, bjr Archbishop 'Kelly and the swhop of Maitland was conducted in the presence of abo.ut two hundred persons. Inoluding many old pioneers. Hart, the Australian aviator, intends to mate a flight from Melbourne to Sydney. Once an airman always an airman. Hart taabada bad smashing op, bat he evidently cannot resist the fasoinatioa of again sicint jmf»-p »hr/-np[h i\fa *ir. This occurred in my husband's school;— The letters ?? W.H.S.B.' were, stamped indelibly on all the school furniture and signified 'West Ham School- Board.,. It . was 'general intelligence' lesson, and oa bein' asked the meaning of the above Jetters, one boy answered : 'What Ho She Bumps!' Recently a consignment of State made bricks were received in Ballina for a public building. The Council's inspector was asked his opinion of them for publication ; hecannily replied that bejaad ' seen better'* .' and he had 'seen worse.' . About 20 motor cars made tbe ascent of Mount Kosciusko on Sunday last week with | passengers to attend the High Mass on the - summit. The road is described as ao excellent one. ' At the Dapto show last week a merry go round, which had a good load of children on, . collapsed while in motion, and upset.a good number of its occupants. Fortunately no one was injured. Received ; 'The Fighting^Line,' aoev publication in the interests of Liberalism | contents, ' stories, sketches, cartoons, arti cles.' _--??' Received, the first issue of the ' Irriga tion Record,' dating from Leeton (Barren Jack). It is published by the Gommissioneri and is filled with information of value to k^ agriculturalists. . Thus Berry Register : — Tbe Mayor-polled remarkably well in the ballot for the election . of a country Council's representative on the Fire Brigades Board. He was: only fiv© votes behind the successful candidate, Mr, Sheddon, a Newcastle alderman, who appears to have reaped the reward of Alder man Shepherd's labors. The Mayor went to considerable trouble in compiling data to submit to delegates at. the Municipal Con ference to urge concerted action for the repeal of the Fire Brigades Act. Miv Shepherd was unable to attend conference on the day on which this particular business was set down for consideration so entrusted Mr. Sheddon with his thunder. That ? gentleman got the limelight, and is now elected a Fire Commissioner. Mr. Shepherd' says tbe country Councils have an able representative in Mr, Sheddon. It looks aa if our Major will achieve fame per medium of water, not fire. The State Governor and Lady Ghelnasford will take their departure from the State or* Monday, March 10. ' . \ Mr. Grant, general secretary of the P.L.L.^.' taunts Mr. Gnfith with seeking, an easy Labor seat in Annandale. The Rev. Dr. Youngman paid a tribute to our new Governor, Sir Gerald Strickiahcl, at the Methodist Conference on Friday last week. Master butchers are indignant at the non collection of the fines the Glebe Island strikers were ordered to pay. ' The mas ters,' says the secretary of the master butchers, 'get not the slightest considera- ? lion when a case -goes, against them.' The booklets givir.s; the arguments for and against the referendum proposals will consist of 82 pages. About 2,500,000 are to be printed. / A young girl at Eiama has been arrested on a charge of murdering her father in a. quarrel. Considerable discussion has arisen among; the officers of the Light Horse through the regulation against spirituous liquors. A young English immigrant has walked^ to Bfttburst, hoping to get work on the ' sewerage scheme. He complains bitterly that he was misled by immigration agents, who misrepresented the facts. Mr. Wade, at YasSj desci ibed the Liberal policy astfre'e Jifej good wages, no taxations and reduced cost of living. Speaking at ^^iama, Senator Millen said i ' Labor and extravagance are synonymous terms.' Hb declared that the rise in house # rents was largely due to the Government's* land tax. ^ v i % ? & '??? SteveVs; an Oxford graduate, delivered «-igoroas address on Syndicalism at the Trades Ha)l oh Friday nigbt. He adTocateji continual strikes till the wages- - system was abolished and the era of aco? partnership begun. : ; Quite maayertebtly a burglar walked into the iirins of the law in ~i Sydney the other day. Thinking: he was dealing with a private citizen the burglar :p^U^d-3dto8table Sheehy out of bed^athia^o^se in VJamietebtt street, and Sheehy a%m|»ted to make an arrest in his pyjamas. The biirg jar got clear and bounded out of $4 house, the policeman giving chase * without waiting to -don uniform* With assistance the fugitive was run down and captured. 