NEW BLOOD IN IMMIGRATION To the Editor of "The Mercury." SIR-It is gratifying to see that the views which I expressed many years ago six to the necessity of obtaining immigrants from the Continent of Sinope, as well us from Great Britain, are now coming to be regarded as correct, and are being acted on by the Commonwealth Government. It always appealed to me as an absurdity that a continent such as Australia could be reserved almost exclusively for the people of one race and nationality, and I felt that the sooner this delusion was dissipated the better, so that we could obtain our share of the desirable emigrants that were leaving Europe. It is certain that we cannot get better settlers than from Scandinavia. But I would urge that Holland is in all probability be far more promising hunting- ground for agricultural immigrants than either Sweden or Denmark. First of all, for the reason that the Dutch Government does not oppose an emigration propaganda in Holland, while the Swedish and Danish Governments do. And in Germany, the man who talks emigration "too loudly is apt to be conducted over the frontier. Then, again. Holland is over-populated, as also is Belgium, while the Scandinavian countries are not. As regards the Southern Europeans, it is simply inevitable that they should be utilised for our tropics. It is useless for us to attempt to fly in the face of Nature. The Northern European was not meant for the tropics, and has no abiding city there. It does not matter how well you saturate the tropics-as at Panama or Cuba-your Anglo-Saxon woman and child will not flourish there, and it is simply impossible to develop the Northern Territory with labour which is paid 25 per cent, more wages for 25 per cent, less work, as contrasted with the southern States of the Commonwealth. If Maltese and Spaniards are employed on railway construction in the Territory, they should be paid the standard wage ruling in other parts of Australia, and no more. And they would be glad to take it. Preference should also be given to married men, and their wives and families' should be invited to join them as soon as possible. If the present Federal Government will only have the courage to devote as much money to immigration as Mr. Fisher did to the maternity bonus, they will have done great things for Aus- tralia. Yours, etc., RICHARD ARTHUR. Parliament House, Sydney, Dec. 11. 