In and Around the Home 'Mid Pleasures and Palaces though we may roam, Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home Her Life For You She has lived her life for you, given all her best, Toiled with you and dreamt with you and sung you to your rest. Done without and sacrificed And waited time bv time — She has lived her life for you, Tender and sublime. Maybe in her hair and heart gray is creeping on— Sbe has lived her life for you since her love's first dawn. Saved and skimped to make ends meet, Planned and dreamed away — She has lived her life for you, What have you to pay ? What have you to give her now, have you thought of that ? Have you dreamed and planned it out as alone you sat ? Measured with an honest will Heaping? measures full Of the things that make a life Glad and beautiful. She has lived her life for you, down through all the years, Patient, faithful, trusting, true, in the smiles and tears. Waited, wondered, sung and borne, Yielded, suffered, bled — She has lived her life for you, Since the day you wed. He That Loves the World "He that loves the world, owns it." It's a good old saying, and a good old world, but one has to meet it half way. If we withdraw into our selves, refuse to neighbour, despite public activities, , all of a sudden, some day, we will awaken to the truth that the world does not be long to us, but to those of our neighig||irs who got about a good deal,/aH)k hands with everybody, and took the world to their oosoms. We are left behind, feeling lonely, abused, out of it. To some, the failure to feel kin ship is by heritage. "I have felt so little at home in the world that it has never been hard for me to con form," was Margaret Fuller's sad little confession. But most popple enter voluntarily into a state of self- exile from common life. They call it being exclusive, as if the word itself did not mean limited communication, failure to sip the fulness of life. The att tude of aloofness is barren, unproductive. Join in, he interested in the human race, feel for it, do fo® it, and criticise as little as you can. You must love the world — grass . or trees, highways or humanity' — to get anything out of it. "He that loves the world, owns it." What a Woman Can Do There are three things that every woman might do, to help in beautify ing the world around her. One of these is to make her per son as beautiful as she can by ob serving the laws of health i and pre serving that tranquil, trustful state of mind which is reflected in the face and manner. Another is to learn to beautify her dress. This does not mean to in crease its complexity or its adherence to the changes of fashion; hut rather to study and experiment until she finds out what forms, colours; and styles are most becoming to her, then adopt these, in hairdressing and garments. The third is to beautify the place wherein' she lives, whether it is one room or a spacious home. Weed out the wrong things; rearrange the oth ers, and force her dwelling place to express in some way her own feel ings of what is beautiful and true.. No matter how circumscribed her life these three steps toward the bet terment of the world are within every woman's reach. She may not be able to take part in great civic movements. The circle of her influence may be a. small one. Yet if there is in her an ideal of beauty, which finds its expression in the steadfast improvement of her home, her health and her dress, she is do ing artistic work. All reform and all progress begin with and work out tKrough the individual. Good to Know Children's clothing shQUld, as far as possible, be equally thick, all over the body. The fewer and lighter the garments the better, but see tbat they are sufficiently warm. Allow freedom for movement m every direc tion. Children require to exercise their muscles. Children are often worried because their mothers are too attentive and continually reprove the small ones without reason. child' should be left alone, and be allowed to play or amuse itself in its own way without the constant direction of a nervous mother. Cheap Night- lights. — Save all can- . die ends, and melt down wifch a lit tle white wax. Pour into p-.il boxes, fixing a short piece of cord in the centre of each. To use, place in a saucer in waiter about the sixteenth of an inch in depth. Good Thoughts for Every Day Sunday. — We rise by kneeling. Monday. — Wishes without work wait a weary while. Tuesday. — Count mercies before you complain of afflictions. Wednesday. — A laugh is worth a hundred groans in any market. Thursday. — What a man does, that he has. Friday. — Be what you wish , others to become. Saturday. — Smite and thou shalt smart. The Catholic Church as a Spiritual Force Addressing a business men's meet ing in the Garrick Theatre, Philadel phia, Charles R. Drum, one of the leaders of the "Men and Religion Forward" campaign, said : "I thank God for the Holy Name Society of the Catholic Church ; for that great organisation of thousands of men pledged to maintain the purity and sanctity of the name of God. If there is a Catholic in this audience, who does not belong to that society, I want to tell him that he is a dis- grace to that great Church. Would to God there was such an organisa tion of the Protestant Church." The Rev. R. J. Campbell, the Eng lish Protestant clergyman, whose New Theology has created much talk, has returned from a tour in Amer ica, and has been giving his impres sions of that country. He was asked by an interviewer "what impressed him most in the religious life of America," and he answered : " The growth of the Roman Catholic Church since I was last in the States nine years ago. The Press shows more deference to Romanism than it does to Protestantism. Boston, once the home of Puritanism, is now under Catholic domination. On Thanks giving Day the President of the Uni ted States, although not himself a Catholic, attended Mass at the Ca tholic Cathedral. Protestants attri bute this increase to immigration, but a Catholic Archbishop assured me that it is largely due to direct con version. The fact certainly needs ac- . counting for. ' ' In Denmark the missionaries of the Catholic Church are always sure of an attentive hearing. According to an article contributed to a Hildi- sheimi paper by Herr Heinrich Ga- mel, who formerly edited a Danish journal, and is now secretary to Bis hop von Euch, of Denmark, having become a convert to the Catholic Church, the Danes are singularly free from religious prejudices. Catholic priests are often invited by Protest ant associations to deliver addresses .on subjects directly or indirectly con cerning the Catholic religion. The students' association in Copenhagen have listened with manifest pleasure to Sunday evening lectures by Jesu its. An attack on the Catholic faith hardly ever appears in any import ant. paper. With regard to religious instruction there is perfect freedom. It has. been said that the Church is losing ground — that as a spiritual force it is spent and stationary.. They who say it are her professed enemies, and their vision is distorted by their " antagonism. It is not the character of the Church to blazon her triumphs on banners and bannerettes, or to have them shouted from the house tops. Her mission is one of charity and pe-ce, and in peace and charity she is quietly but surely winning her way, notwithstanding all that the cynic and the unbeliever might say to the contrary. It is written, "And the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it." 