EMPIRE NEWS. , Jj A new steamship company with a capital of ' £1,000,000 has been formed in London - y to establish a fast service {rom Tilbury - f Docks to Ostend, in Belgium,. The steam ers will commence to-run .in June, 1914. ? The special committee appointed by Mr. -'*s Samuel, the Postmaster-General, to make investigations respecting long-distance wire* ''-3 less telegraphy, is now visiting Denmark ,ia and inspecting the station established by - À M. Poulsen, the Danish inventor, of im« ii proved Marconi methods. ~| Compared with the figures for March, ':'i 1912, the value of the United Kingdom's ^ imports for last month showed an increase .'jj of £180,531, and that of the exports showed an increase of £975,976. The value of the á re-exports showed a decrease of £1,233,483. < ? A B¿11 restricting Japanese imnv'gration J has passed its second and third reading ? ?? < stages in the Canadian House of Commons. ' Power is reserved to the Dominion Govern- í meat to restrict immigration according to ^ ordinary regulations, not depending aa hitherto upon Japan's own regulations. m The King, thc Queen, Queen Alexandra, .-5 the Duke of Connaught, and other royal ^ persons, as well as Sir George Heid (High ."v Commiseionei. for the Commonwealth), at- 'J* tended a memorial service held'in honour of - ; J the late King of Greece at St. James's j?aV :f. ace on Thursday last. . .>4 The estate of the late Sir James Coats, a director of the cotton-making firm of J, and '.| P. Coate, Ltd., has been valued'for probate purposes at £1,773,870. ,;- J Forty-three third-class passengers from . the s.s. Turakina; which recently caught Ära at £io de Janeiro, were brought to Ply mouth by the s.s. Oorinthic yesterday. Tho sfM passengers saved all their effects/ -^-V/vsMj A Liberal committee, presided over by "???"«|fiB Sir J. A. Simmon, the Solicitor-General, has =$M prepared a Bill to deal with tile female auf frage question. It provides for the en- f9 f rancbisemsnt of 6,000,000 women. . All wo* 'isa men over 25 yean of age will be «Uti tied to </iH register a« electora if they possess thc house- '»^9 hold qualification required for'male vote». ¿9 The Bill will also give a vote to lae wife of -JH every^man who has a householder's qualin- g» The French Government » .intróducing -fr»SwLl supplementary naval crediUfor £BÔ,000,(WO, .^»yCTB thu amount.being spread over 10 yeaïi^^llgM Provisión is being made for the bujlding of'.r TlSSM on Monday last fined £250 and was ON-'^^M dered to be deported. Toole, lîasib-'s part- ner tu tile management of th" oMnhiïsh ment, was fined £100 (in default, two months' imprisonment:) At Astoria, on the mouth of the Columbia River, Canada, the barque Mimi, which had grounded on the bar, wa« yesterday being towed off into deep water, when she capsized, and her crew cf 22 wtru j drowned. Replying to a question in the House of ' Commons ou Monday, tho Prime Minister (Mr. Asquith) said that the Government would not undertake during the present year the task of reforming the House of Lords. Tlie Calcutta "Englishman" states that trouble has broken out on the Wftairi frontier, and that two columns of British troops are operating near a district in which a fanatic Mullah is preaching in favour of reprisals against . the British people .for their having inter- fered in the traine in armr. In the Bow-street Police Court on Tues day a bulcher, named Sbanklin, was fin<4 60s. w ith costs for having sold Argentino mutton as New Zealand produce. 