5t. Patrick's Day Brilliantly Celebrated in Sydney Great Irish Patriotic Demonstration T.he old Baying that 'absence makes the heart grow fonder' is certainly applicable to the men and women of the Irish raco who bavo been scattered by fato to the four cor ners of the universe. Jt Is true to say that whilst every son and daughter of Erin loves their native land, the love borno for the Green Isle by her exiled children is the deep est and most passionate love of all. This, at any rate, was the verdict of Mr. William Redmond, M.P., brother of: the .Irish leader, after witnessing celebrations of St. Patrick's Day, not only in the United States of America, but in Australia, and in Sydney in particular, for here wo celebrate the na tional festival as it is celebrated in no other part pi1 the universe, not even Ireland itself. This' year's demonstration, while it put up no new record as regards the number pre sent, was irono the Jess enthusiastic, and tho enthusiasm was spread over two days — Sat- urday, when tho sports were held on tho Ag ricultural Ground, ami Monday, the feast day itself, when the religious side of tho celebra tion was observed in all our churches, and when the national concert was given in tho Town Hall. '?«'!»«? Natural and Spontaneous Enthusiasm. And in tho enthusiasm there was nothing rehearsed, arranged or forced. It was just natural and spontaneous, and sonic visitors from Ireland present at this (v-«av's Sydney demonstration were struck by the fact that tho enthusiasm was, II' possible, grimier than that exhibited lit homo, There! is real pna slon in the patriotism of the Irish exile, and what sight is more touching on the 17th of March than to see old men and women plac ing, with trembling lingers, upon their breasts tiny lltllo faded sprays of shamrock that once grew on the Irish hills, ntid treasuring the little leaves us though they were costly jewels. Many packets containing the 'oho- wen leal' of bard ami chief' sped (heir way across thousands of miles of ocean to I'Htuida in this far-off land as gifts in dear romoiu brniico of the old country, and, as Mr. l\'od« moiid said in his book of Australian Impros sIoiih, If the people at homo only realised how preciously wo. I come, such gifts wore tliu post ofllco would nave move work lo do. .llo.ro in Sydney it Is not difficult to get a sprny of shamrock', but out on tho parched plains of the back country, sviiore it Is not obtain able, tile people sport I lie loaf of tho guuv tree in their lints In honour of St, Patrick ami Ireland. Faith and Nationality, No nation keeps its ainiunl festival us loy ally as the Irish do, To many the honouring of St, Patrick 'a Day Is not alone u diH'luva lion of national fooling, but It In n profes sion of the I r religion, aud It is this bloud of faith and nationality which Invests the J7tli of March with such notable signifi cance, Ho they Out hollo or Protestant, ootiui they from tho North or I ho South, to all true Irishmen Wt, Patrick's Day la the one day of thu ,veui' which luovltaUly turns the heart to Ireland, Aud the Irish Australians who have never soon tho, laud of tli oh' fathers are not loss (MiMuihluatlo In manifesting their affection for Wt, Cat rick, mid showing that their love for Ireland nud their pai'tlcipatluii in her uspli'iitkuis uro us strong an thill of the native-born, Besides, In thin country tho Colt has loft his murk, and hurt contributed to tho stock til' our com mon olH/,oushlp qualities which ui/u «SBottfcltit to the welfare of every grout nation, In every walk of. Ill'o In this country Irishmen have Hi ood) and now stand, pre- eminent lit the fo- rum, on (ho Hotich, at tho Hut', nud In bum1 110881 They- tiro doing lho|r full shave, to wards tho artistic nud literary development of tho tuition* To 1111 Irish Clovornor, Sir Wlclinrd Bourho, Australia owes her religious liberty and the foundation ol' lior political liberties! to an Irishman's son, Wontworth, anil an Irishman, »loliu Hubert Pluukott, an old lieutenant of Daniel O'Cunnoll, New South Wales Is Indebted for her constitution! an Irish Catholic, O'HIinuussy, Hint an Ii'IhIi robol, Duffy, gave \' icM-ortit her manhood huIT* rage aud lie.'' llbo.rnl hind settlement luwst wlillo South Australia owes the 8111110 blessing to mi Irishman, Sir Clooi'tfu Kingston, Tho abolition of transportation was the roHiilt. or 1111 agitation In which tho phmoor priest Archdeacon Mol-lnoroo look (no loan ugalu«i the MacarthurH ami tin* iimihI liilluontlut people of tho country, ami tho Impulse to wards I'Vilorniloiii which whh lieguu by Hlr Charles (Iimmi Duffy, Hourly 00 years am», rooolvod 1(8 dual lift In Untliur«t from tlw Into -Jarillnal Moran, It waM llin Oai'dlnal, too, who tiuiilo Sydney's Hi, Patrick's Day celebration winit II In lo-day. The Wearing of the Green. On Saturday and Monday those in the Sydney streets without an emerald ribbon, harp or shamrock on their coats or pinned to their bodices were few. Many of the shops were specially decorated with Irish designs, and not a few waggons had decorations 01 green, while ribbons of it dangled from tho whips of drivers of vehicles of all kinds. From Saturday morning at dawn until Mon day night Irish sentiment had possession of the city. Everything was a success. Tho children's demonstration on the grounds was a triumph to tho Brothers and nuns who or ganised it, and to the pupils of the Catholic schools, it was voted by all to bo one of the best yet seen. Tho sports wore well contest ed. Tho great public meeting, at which the Archbishop of Sydney preaidod, tho oration being delivered by the Ministor for Lands and Agriculture (Mr. J. L. Treflo), wont with enthusiasm from start to finish. Then on Monday morning tho churches wore thronged with worshippers, and St. Mary's Cathedral, where High Mass was sung at .10 o'clock, was not equal to tho accommodation of all who sought admission within the sacred pre cincts. The concert in tho Town Hall in tho evening was a fitting crown to a. mem- orable demonstration. At the Agricultural Grounds. Saturday broke somewhat cloudy, and many a glanco was cast up at tho sky by people who feared that tho rain might return and spoil the day's sport »uul the gathering at the Agricultural Ground. Even at lunch time the clouds had a leaden aspect, and at times floated across the face of the sun. It was not the most pleasant of days, but tho Irish men and women and children of Syd ney and their friends were not to be denied, and went out to tho ground with but two ideas in their minds — to honour St. Patrick, and to express their devotion to the wonder ful traditions of old Erin. There must hnvo been 20,000 people on the ground in the af ternoon. Tho children's sports commenced at 10.JJO a.m., but half an hour before, tho youngsters, who wore convoyed in spec la f trams' from tho various suburbs of tho me tropolis, had assembled. It was not long until the general public commenced to filter in through tho turnstiles, Merry wives, smiling Husbands, romping, glad children, came from all directions. More and there you saw family parties tolling along with hampers bursting with good things, and later you came across those satna parties enjoying their luncheon on the grans plots between the pavilions, It was a great reunion, and democratic to tho core, It was Inspiring -to sou tho rich and the poor, the powerful and tho weak, mingling together under the flour groon banner, wltli all social barriers cast aside, As wo said, the children's sports began at 10 o'clock, Tho industrial exhibition ami the musical competitions which In the. past wore connected with St. Patrick's Day have during tho last year or two boon transferred tn Australia Day. But the youngsters mado up in other directions for tho alteration, There woro athletic, events, and oalosthoulc and uthor displays, Tho girls wont through their exorcises ypleiidldly, wlillo the boys wore equally perfect, Nothing daintier than tlio Maypole dances could bo' Imagined. It was like a soono from fairyland when fho llttlo daniHols trlppod around the polos wind' ing and unwinding the pretty rlblioiif, Tho Aroliblahop Arrives, It wan striking li.iiO when tho Archbishop of Sydney drove up to the gate of tho cram!' stand, With Mm were Kev, Fathers Mlohuot Shorlti nud K MoAuilffo, of St. Mary's On thoiiral. Ho had a groon and gold eonr around Ills broad-brimmed episcopal hat, and a bunch oJ' shamrocks on his purple mantel-' otta. Jfo wan rooolvod by tho members of tho executive coniiulttoo, and iih ,j,io walked up the 'lawn to tho reviewing stand ho war* cheered. On the platform his Oraco was joined hv Mr, Troflo (Minister for Lands and Agriculture), who sat 011 his right, and by tho Ijight Rev. Motislgnur Coonan, IiIh Vlciu'-Gouoi'al. Behind them wan a. distin guished gathering of loading Irish HllaonH, Tho Mftsa Display, No sooner had his ('I raco taken his place on the platform than noon children, perfectly drilled, bogiiu to march Into their places for the big mass display, How instructors and children must havo laboured to arrive at that wonderful provision I The boys ami tho girls know what thoy had lo do, and mi* sworod tho whistle of the dlroulor 011 tho elevated platform as though thoy woro 0110. Aud tin' re woroiJOOOof thorn! Tho. boys woro white shirts and black trousers, and the glrla w,oro lu wlillo with big mushroom hats In shade (hum from tho sun. They entered tho oval from tho southern end, and when all woro In position tho baud crashed out a mar- chlug tuuo, ami tho whole (if the children oiuno right up to tho reviewing Htinid, Hro« (her Donovan blow his whlstlo. again, ami to tho uoo.oiupanlmoiil of tho musk1 tho groat battalion engaged In calosthouli1 movements, Tho Mroihor had mean wlillo got oil' I ho plat form, and his place was taken by Mr. Turn er, an expert on physical culture, who directed tho display with a megaphone. With splendid regularity tho forest of arms rose and fell, and at short intervals each child brought its hands together with a clap which, given in unison, sounded like the roll of distant musketry. Then the 10,000 green flags were taken up, and as tho band played 'Tho Minstrel Boy' graceful evolutions were performed with the Irish banners. ' ' 1914— College Green. ' ' Brother Donovan was back at his post again. Toot I went his whistle, and once more tho children began tho marching and counter- marching until tho onlooker wonder ed bow it was all going to end. As they marched they sang 'God Save Ireland,' the band leading. After a while tho living fig ures and letters began to tako form, but it was not until tho children sat down on tho sward that tho design could bo discerned. This was tho grand climax, and as the people saw printed in white on the groon acres of the oval tho words '1014— College Groon' they waved handkerchiefs and newspapers, and' there was much cheering. 'May it be so,' cried thousands of voices together — the voices that later hurrahed lustily when thoy heard tho names of Emmet, Pnrnell and other Irish patriots mentioned by the ora tors. While they remained in tho formation of the letters the children sang in a mighty chorus, 'God Save Ireland,' continuing the nu thorn as thoy marched off at the end of the display. THE SPEEOH-MAKING. Then the speech-making commenced, Tho Archbishop, who, as wo said, received a groat ovation, began: 'Wo have just road in living letters on the oval there that there is to bo an Irish Parliament in College Green lu 11)14.' Again the groat crowd wildly applauded, 'Ve,s,'hls draco add ed, after waiting for some minutes for tho cheers to subside, 'it Is to bo a Parliament' representative of tho na tionality of Ireland— not a pnrlliiiiioiit of any class, but the parliament of all Irishmen who are true to the principles of Irish na tionality,' Move cheers. 'All the world over,' the Archbishop went on, 'tho desire of the .free nations is that Ireland would re turn to her place amongst the self-governed nations. Though in sight, tlio goal U not yet gained; ' tho victory )-' not complete, Hence, wo who uro assembled to day to coiniiiomorato tho festival ol our na tional apostle are determined on this occa sion to again emphasise (tho demand of Syd ney, tho greatest commercial city In Auk trallu, and the mother city of tho Common wealth-— Sydney In conjunction with all tho other cities of Australia and the United States lu America, and the Irish race scat tered north, soufh, oast and wost— that tlio Irish Parliament should bo opened once moro in College Urooii without delay, and, despite tho House of Lords, not later than the year 101-1, (Applause,) Tho Oration of tho Day, The Minister for Lauds and- Agriculture (Mr, Trollo) was greeted with groat applause when liu came to' tho front ot the platform to deliver tho oration of the day, It wiim some minutes bol'ore lie was aide to coiii- inonco for tho cheering, Mr, Trollo saldi It Is with a. certain am ount of trepidation that I attempt to deliver an address on -in occasion such as this, The theme Is an old one— the theme of faith and fatherland, Tho mutter from which I may draw Is so wide and so varied that I scar cely know from which point to ooiiiiiioiioc iliideod, for 0110 like mysolf, who has uovor visited tho shoros of Ireland, who Is not pt.is- sessed of that natural gift of oratory which Is so common to men of Irish blood, to at tempt to do justice to tho novations of the Irian people on St, Pat rlc Irs Day mivourn almost of unpardonable boldness, Tho IiIoiim aud associations surrounding St, Patrick's Day have so often boon dealt with by the flower of tho Ooltk' racer as well as by tho loarnod and syinpathotlo orators of thu world, that It Is almost Impossible to break now ground, or to attempt an Improvement upon the pi.'soiitmonl of Ireland's iuciiioi'Iom aud association's so often ami so ably dealt with boforo, To tuo, too, It appears that a speech from a man other than an Irishman on an occa sion such iib this, falls to roach that high lovol, or to Htrlko that soubsllrrlng note of pride and patriotism Unit only an Irishman can accomplish, There U lu the uratorv of tho Irish that oharni of eloquence which, tinged wlth'tho cord of sadness, rings out from tho lioarl'StrliiRS of tho tribunes of tho grout/ Ii'ImIi section of the Coltlc race Hut perhaps Irish 111011 ami women, as well as their descendants lu Australia, do appro- elate from time to time tin1 opinions of mil' sldoi'H, the opinions of men wliutio wuMh should at least bo free from race prejudice when (hoy extol tho glories of Ireland nud say a word In Justlllcallon of the olVorls of her sous aud daughters who lire eiuloavourli^ to null! for their country that place, of prldn and freedom for which thoy havo stviven through past centuries. The Day. St. Patrick's Day arrests tho attention of the students of history, and i-resents a pic ture unique in the- annals of nations. Hero wo have in tho lirut instance tho anniver sary of one of tho greatest propagators of the Christian religion — one who Christian ised by his own efforts the whole nation nearly' J500 years ago. In celebrating St. Patrick's Day the arish people, true to tholr glorious traditions, iiave selected as a patrio tic and national festival tho anuivorsary of him who converted' their nation from pagan ism to Christianity. In celebrating this day they do not offer offence to any other nation. St. Patrick's Day does not revive tho mem ory of some bitter conllict between nations with the Hag of tho conqueror waving piti lessly over tho fallen. Jn celebrating this day you do not emphasise some victory that you have achieved over your neighbour. On the contrary, you have chosen a day which commemorates the passing of tho nation out of a desert of paganism into tho promised laud of Christianity. It might bo asked by those whose lack of national spirit, or whoso poverty of imagination prevents them from lifting their minds above the more every day struggle for bread and butter, or world ly riches: 'Why should .Irishmen continue to annually riM'ive the memories of the past as you- do-on St. Patrick's Day,'' My reply is: 'All nations worthy of the name glory in the traditions of their raco and, while commingling with other peoples in the build ing up of new nations, never fail to remem ber the raco from which they .sprung. Au-t surely in the British Empire, where we speak of the United Kingdom, and where the Kng lish and Scotch have their national holiday*, wo will not deny to tlio other partner in tho kingdom tho right to cherish ami perpetuate the Interesting aud fascinating history of her race. ' ' Ancient Irish Civilisation. Irish men ami women may well look back with pride and satisfaction upon that his tory. Ireland had attained a high standard of civilisation centuries before the inhabit ants of Uroa't~BHtnln woro known. She cul tivated arts and literature, and tho functions of civilisation long before Julius Caesar sof foot upon English shores — long boforo tlio destinies of some of tho greatest nations of the world wore shaped. Indeed, it can bo said that Ireland has a history which goon back well into a lhuti.su ml years boforo.' thu Christian era, When St, Pa'rlck cuiiiu upon Ills groat mis sion lie did ;uit find a barbarous race who woro to bo educated hi tlio first principles of civilisation before accenting Christianity! but ho found a highly-cultivated raou, wel» versed In tho affairs of government, with li terature aud an atmosphere of civilisation surrounding them, that made It 1111 easy mut' tor to' superimpose upon this gifted race his groat message of Christianity.' From Ireland scholars wont forth throughout tho clvlllseii world, Even far-distant Iceland Is believed to havo boon visited by Christian scholars under the leadership of Saint Brendan. Some of the greatest centres of learning in the Continent of Murope owed their existence to Irish scholars, The first check In the. 'Irish nine in tholr propagation of peace and learning canio with the Danish Invasion, A long and relentless struggle, followed, during which the Irish nover admitted defeat, Rallying tholr I'orci'M under Brian llnru they conquered tho heroin Danes, (lie, power of I ho latter receiving 11 shock from which It never recovered, Hut the Irish wore not free to take up their old pursuits for long, Thoy woro again invaded In the years J J 70 by Strougbow, who led tlio first British Invasion, Not a RoligloUH Struggle, This was the starting point of a Mi'iigglo which liiiii continued Io'IIiIh day, Time will not penult 1110 lo give oven a sketch of the leading Incidents of that struggle, beyond stating that It was the continued and vigor ous effort of a nation to regain that fi ? dom ami Independence which' It had enjoy* od for many centuries, and without which ♦ he Irish could not work out the 'destinies of tholr raco, lll-informoil people, or those who wish to misrepresent the national nsplrntloun of the Irish race, assort that the struggle between Mrllaln and Ireland wns the result of religious differences, No more orronouiM Idea could bo formed, The strunglo was mil1 I'loil on as keenly for iluii years boforo tin. Koforiiiiitlou, as It had boon curried 011 since, and to say that the claims of lite Irhli are based upon rollulous grounds Is to offer an Insult to I ho memory of those heroic Protest ? nut leaders who fought ami died for Irish freedom, So deep-routed In Irish hearts are the love of freedom and (he desire to ma it* ago their own affairs that the llugoiiols in lite south of Ireland, Us widl as Anglicans mid PrcHbvlorliitiH, mid many 111011 of other denominations, became Imbued with tho Irlsti spirit of iiiitloiiiillly, and Htruuglod as strenu ously iih ever CiiiIiiiIIi'h did tor Homo Unln lu their unlive liiiiil. Who would suy that this Is a religious struggle when wo flint 8uch men aa Robert Enunett, Homy Grat tau, Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Wolf Tone, tho brothers Shoares, Bagenal Harvey — these in 1798 and 1803, down to John Mitcliel and John Martin in 1848; from them again to tho late leader of tho Irish National Movement, a Protestant alao, Charles Stewart Parnell,, who sacrificed his fortune and who devote** tho whole of his life to tho one great task of gaining Home Itule for his'country? I say that the names of these great and illustrious dead is a sufficient reply to that fallacy which has for so long been rcitoratod. It is not a religious question — it is a national question. Tho present great leader of the Irish Party stated a few days ago that ho would prefer to see Ireland governed by north of Ireland Orangemen under an Irish Parliament than by British statesmen in the House of Commons. Irish men and women of every religious belief -!an, therefore, join without hesitation in tho celebration of St. Patrick '» Day, and in tbc demand for Homo Jtule. Roosevelt's Tributo to tho Irish. Well might tho Celtic race look back over their past, and draw inspirations to guide them in the future. ' Tho Irish have played a part in tho affairs of the world with the? greatest possible credit to themselves, and to every country to whldi they have migrat oil. They have, boon honoured and praised in every land but their own. President ?Roosevelt, speaking on St. Patrick's Day n few years ago in America, when he represen ted 'that great 'Republic, said: 'At the time, early in the 18th century, when the immigrants from Ireland first be gan to come in numbers to this country, the race elements were still imperfectly fused, and for some time the then new Irish strain was clearly distinguishable from the others. And there was one peculiarity ahout those immigrant* who came from Ireland which has never been paralleled in tho case of any other immigrants whatsoever. In all cases Kince the very first settlements, tho pushing westward of the frontier, tho conquest or the continent hal been primarily due to the men of native birth. Hut the immigrant!' from Ireland and those nlono pushed boldly through the settled districts, nml I planted themselves as the advance guard of the con quering civilisation on the borders of the Indian- haunted wilderness. ' On the same occasion Mr. Kuosevclt, speak ing of the mother of Sullivan, the conqueror of the Iroqiiois, said.1 'In her old age the mother, Mrs. Sullivan, used to say that she had known what it wan to work liard in tin1 fields carrying in her arms tho Governor' of Massachusetts, with the Governors of New Hampshire, and ?Ver- mont, tagging on at her skirts,' Concluding one of the most brilliant speeches of his Presidential career Mr. Roosevelt said: 'llul tho men ut' Irish birth or Irish des cent have been far more than soldiers I will not say more than but- much in addi tion to soldiers, In every walk of life In this country men of this blood have stocut, ami now stand, pre-eminent, not only as sol diers, but us statesmen, on- the Bench, at tho Mnr, and in business, They are doing their full share toward the artistic and literary development of the country. ''Ami right here let me make a special plea to yon, lo tills society, and kiifdrod so elotlos, Wo Americans tnl-e a just pride In the development of our great' universities, and more and more wo are .seeking to pro vide for creative and original work in these universities. I hope that iui earnest effort will be made to endow -chairs In American rulversltles for the study o!' Celtic lituru lure, and for research In Celtic antiquities. ( Prolonged applause), li is only oi recent vonrs thai I he extraordinary wealth and boiiutv of the old Celtic Snuns have been I'ullv 'appreciated, rind we in America, who have so largo M Col t-lo strain in nui' blood, cannot nfl'nrd in be behindhand in the work of lidding to miidem scholarship by bring lnW within its ken tlie great Celtic llteru- lure of the past,' (Applause.) Tho Xrlnli in Poaco nnd War, I have quoted somewhat n| length from I |i!» notable speech of the then President, of the AiniJl'li'Hii Koyuldlc because it lit niion epitomises the position occupied by the Irish In Ainei'lcii, as well as the opinion oi n states, mini and scholar of another nice upon the. present revival of the ani'leut Celtic Inuwu line nml literature, Tlu« Irish have mado nutnes for themselves on this Continent ol tiui'ums nii'l even In I lio Hi'tJiit Russian em pire, both iih ^Idlers and uUUesinc'ii, Coming liimk to Ilio British Umpire, wo, Hud that It owes Its present grcMttnosa to the Irish sov dloi us much us to any other section or thu I'implni. Indeed, It was n ootispli.'UoUBiiU't thill all i liu lending Hellish (leiiornls In th/i Smith African War syore Ir sliiucii, U ?? M Huberts, Kitchener, Mutler, Will e, Ireudi, Kelly-Kenny, mid others were Irish, In tlio mi vy, tun, one of the most herole deei s o humWii seiiiniuishl|i wus nocomp Ixhod by Cuptalu Kinitf. whi-ii hi'siiv... llH'-i[llo|.r -it Apia by steiiiuliiH tun. In the teeth ol am eti1- tin* most terrllli' fifties ever «;xjH'rli'iijo«l III (he Hiimnun Islnnds, Sn iiiiiuulllt'o It \vui» bis eoui'iine inifl heroism Hint the sailors ul |U, Hcniitin hikI American warship* united (,ii ihe wuy Hi the doom of their vessels to . uorOuplilii Kiinoln thu Wmi I mi Mum is lUUmiitliH. ami dually iM'i'ompI shod, n tli IJ M«if it storm, KVee.it ly, Upl uw of Klllnwi'ii, nu Irlslimiin, ui'iiced the Hrlflsli H,,,,,.!, ii« Chief .Iii-Mli'i' I'm' ninny .wars, In Australia wo have had numerous evidence of the constructive genius of tho Irish in times ' of peace. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, driven out of his country as a rebel, lived to be honoured and knighted by the lato Queen of England as one of her greatest colonial statesmen, and his brilliant son has just been derated to a well-won position upon the High Court Bench of Australia, to fill the vacancy caused by tho death of another distinguished Irish-Australian, the late Hon. It. 13. O'Connor. To-day wo have English, American and European critics proclaiming to the world that tho Neo-Coltic school is far and away the niost noticeable thing in the wide field of modern letters. Wo arc told that tho Irishman has ushered in a Renaissance in Knglish Letters; that the dramatic works of .1. M. Synge, for instance, form the most valuable contribution to the English drama for at least a hundred years. 'Who in the most celebrated writer In lOngland to-day?' I recently asked a pro minent Australian journalist and critic, who has the misfortune, as he terms it, 'to be born other than Irish.' His reply was: 'Undoubtedly, Bernard Shaw' — an Irish man. (I. H. Shaw is one of the greatest in tellcctua-l forces in Kurope to-day, nnd Is certainly the mightiest figure in the literary circles of London. Tho Power of tho Colt in America. Speaking recently to a noted journalist, who is also a professor of a leading Ameri can University, ami who is touring the world in the interests of a leading Chicago news paper, I discussed the question of the Irish in America. Mis summing-up was that the intellectual genius nnd activity of the Irish in America wore so great that they wielded a power in the judicial, political, and litei ary world far beyond that of the descendant* of any other race. So it is here in Australia, The active minds of the Irish race can never rest. Be it said to their eternal cre dit, they are more concerned In movements for tlw-' uplifting of humanity, the cultiva tion of the intellect, and in the elevation of the mind to those supernatural heights for which we nre destined than they are In more money- making and others of the less worthy purposes to which nion devote their energies, HI. Patrick saw, in a vision. Ireland con nected with the heavens by a groat light, symbolical of the learning nnd piety of her saints ami scholars. Thou he saw a poriwV of darkness when the light .seemed to van ish away with but- n few shafts gleaming' amongst the mountains; nud, finally, nothing but. the embers wore loft ' smouldering; and, in response In his ardent supplications, ho saw the (la mo burst forth again more brilliant than ever. And may we not reasonably lake it that the third period of St. Patrick's vision Is about to dawn upon Ireland. She Is n- length about to receive Homo Kulo, Tho British Domocrncy nnd Homo Rule, Irish men and women should realise that the democracy of Great Britain has never spoken against, freedom and Homo Rule for Ireland. Restricted and all as they are, by n limited franchise they have by thr.ee separ ate votes returned an overwhelming major ity to the House of ('(minions lu favour of grunting Ireland freedom. Let Irish men and women remember that the masses of Great. Britain have been denied many rights them .selves up to the present time. Not many years n^o Mr, Gladstone* 'Introduced a Bill which nave tin- franchise for the llrsl) Him.1 to throe millions of adult men lu the I'ulted Kingdom, but there still remain over two millions of adult men lu Groat Britain iiiut Ireland who are not permitted to vote for their Pai'liiinioiilary representatives, lluu l hose men been given their votes during tlio past ceiiturv, mi doubt Ireland would have boon enjoying Home Rule Unlay, Hut n period of true reconciliation seems to be dawniuu upon thu people of the United Kitit^ doiu, Apart from the justice and equity ol the Irish claims, It. Is worthy of considera tion that, with the reconciliation of Ire laud through the medium of Home Rule, tor Ihe llrst time slime tho American Revolution will the opportunity bo presented for a bet' ler understanding between the Kngllsh speiikluu people of tile World, us. well Us be tween the Catholic* and other denomination* within tho British Umpire, Tho Lnto OnrcUnnl on Nationnl Unity, In (his latter connection It will not be Inappropriate to quote u few words of thai 14 rent Irishman and Prince of the Church, the late Ciirdliial Mornii, which he uttered In his iiiemonilile speech nt (he rodonil - on volition held lit Hat hurst In IMU.I, Ills Kuii eiice sllldi-~'Tu oilf Cntllfillc people, I would mi v t Go hand In hand with your Protestant fe'llow-cltl/etis hi every measure I hill may hnve for Its purpose to advance the ln- lerosts, to develop the resources, or promote the welfare of Australia. This fnlr land lustly claims tlm united emu'wles ul nil her sons1, she stands Hi muni of thn coiisorvnl vo Hti'iMiuth of nil her clllnons to iichlevo her Lrlorlous destiny, He who sets himself to sow dissensions should be regarded as an enemy no loss of religion than ol' IiIh country, AmiiIii, speiiklnu on another Import mil occasion, Ills I'liiiliiotieu expressed Ihe sumo sentiments In lit'1 In low ing wurihi 'We oNloinl the hand of fellowship nnd I'i'IuimIbIiIji to all us child' reii of God, Wo hope nml pray thin they limy be, with us, Inheritors nf heaven, It h II, ? iiiiiimiid of God that we love mil1 iieluh lioiir--oveii llmse wlw pursue us wllh enmity, iu- differ from us lu reHnlon,' Well might tho British nation look for ward to the day when they might ask John Redmond to proceed with dignity and hon our to America as a British Ambasador, to hold out tho hand of friendship to that great nation, and bring about the muchdcslr ed understanding with America, 'tin ough tho medium of a satisfied aiid reconciJiatod Irish race. A Necessary Act of Statesmanship. I need not dwell upon tho question of Homo Kulo to-day. Australia has, through her Fede ral Parliament, informed the Imperial Parlia ment of the desire of this young nation to sec Ireland in the enjoyment of tho same measure of national liberty that wo possess here. Our leading men of all creeds and na tionalities, all our leading newspapers, have with one voice proclaimed Home Rule, not only a. measure of justice to which Ire land is entitled, but a necessary act of states manship in tho interests of the Empire it-soil. We. have also had the question of Homo Rule placed before us ably on last St. Pat rick's Day by Mr. Hnsslctoii, and wo havo heard or read the numerous excellent speeches made by him and his colleagues during their recent tour of Australasia. So, for me to attempt to repeat any of the argu ments that weva ho well and ho recently plac ed before you, would bo but to weary yoit with facts upon which all are practical I v ngreed already. My desire to-day was r.»», however imperfectly, portray .some of. the out standing features of the Irish race which have been factors in the great part thev hnvo played in the world's history, Irish Australians should st.udv Ihe remark able history and the glorious records of their race, They should remember that their fore fathers passed through a struggle which Is without a parallel in the history of the world. They will read n\' a nation passing through a thousand years' of conflict to inn inln in Ifs identity, its racial characteristics, and its freedom, nnd which never for a moment stir* rendered its ideals nnd nspiratlons. Such struggles worn commenced by othev nations, but invariably they surrendered. Ireland Kjands nlnne in this respect, and to the Chris tin n world it has given possibly more saintlv scholars (linn any cither nation of its six'* nnd opportunities. 'When tho Vatban Court, ell met in 1870 there were more Irish Bi shops present than there wore of any other individual race. And it was then remarked tlmt St. Patrick was the proudest saint irt heaven that day, Tho descendants of tho Irish in those d Is hint lands Jwive fnidifiniM which are, no doubt, hard to live up fo. But it is their duty to maiiitniu (he pristine glorv associated with the history of their forefii (hers, nml to hand down unsullied fo their children these cherished ideals nf religion nnd nationality, scholarship nud generosity, which have boon the loading charactei'lst'lc of the Irish through all ages, I am suffi ciently optimistic to think that most of tlm misunderstandings of the past, are rapidly passing away, nud that- the genius of the Irish race is not only belli},' recognised as cif great value in the develo iinout, and main tenance of th(« British Knip re, but that, the ' optimistic, cheerful, -generous, quick-witted spirit- (if Irishmen Is absolutely necessary to maintain that progressive stability upon which tho Kmpiro can hope to continue Its existence, Fattier Hnydon, \'crv Kov, Kut-her TIioiikis Havdeii (Vice-. President of St, Patrick's Kccleslastlcal (.'ol lego, Manly),., who lately returned from n trip to Ireland, was called upon by the Arch bishop to move i. vole of thanks to Mr, Trello, Father llnydoii told the gal holing of how ho had heard the- arguments, for Homo Rule advanced to the great meeting in l-ub- llu lu July last, a moot Ing which was represon tnllve of nil Ireland, and how Mr. Asquith said (hat Ireland could be a nation and vet be an integral part of the British 'rimpiro, Mr, Asquith, Father Hayden continued, .dealt with Ihe iii'tfuiuoiits of the leaders of the I'uioiilsl, Party and tho Orangemen, and showed (heir \\\\\\\\{'V baselessness, 'I wus n ho In Belfast during the early days of .Inly lust,' Ihe speaker added, 'and I saw one' of the famous processions vou have rend so much about, That procession seemed In mo to be nothing more than a procession of men minded on by a certain fiiiiaticlsm--- thi' dupes of other men who lire usliijii them as tools, and who tell them that Home Rule menus Rome Rule, Still, In I'lulor. we have only u- section ngalns! us, Tho majority lire with us, us Is proved by the fact that there lire more Nationalist members soul to West minster from that, province than there are iiiitl-Hoiiie Rulers, Why, It is only tho oiher day that tho last stronghold of Oruii|,'elsiii~. Kerry— wus captured by Hie Nationalists, (Applause), To«day all Ireland has come rn the conclusion that Homo Kulo Is the besr thhm Tor Ireland, The Welsh people ami tho Scutch are with us, and (lie KiirIIhIi peo ple are now boulmiliiu to routine tlmt. It I* bettor to allow the Imperial Parliament to deal with bin questions and lo have n local Parliament In the sister Isle In deal with the thln«s peculiar to Ireland, Mr. P. S, Clonry, Mr, P, S, (Jloary, In secondliiu the motion, imliifixl out that tho Iniiu-Hlniifllnir dllVei ? - liotweeii Kiimliuiil and Ireland was liluuil In tnriiiliuile, not. by tlio conquest of tho vie tlm, liul by reason of a revolutionary ouniiue In the ooiistllutloii of the victor, a chiinu'o that will confer on I'lrlu tho yri'iili'st I'm/' humanity eiin ulVi'—lrV. democratic set uiivei'iinionl, Twenty yours uuu Mr. llliidstiuio pilled III' Urst 'Iliuni' Mil' Bill through the Commons, but it was promptly rejected by the Lords, and Irelaud it seemed had been set the impossible task of having to overthrow tho British .constitution — that consti tution to which ovovy Englishman ex pects the world to take oil' his hat — in or der to yain her ends. Within 20 years that had actually been done. When the Home Kulo fight began England was governed by the. King, the Lords and tho county families. With the help of the Irish that condition of affairs was changed to government by tho King, tho '! ords and the great middle classes, Again, through .Ireland, tho 'Parliament Bill had chaiiT.wl 'thhi lo government of the peo ple by tho people. 'To-dav,' Mr. Oleary added, 'the British Parliament is in session — nud from recent events wo have reason to believe that tho (.iovernni'.'nt will remain in olllce — and wo hope that within the next few weeks wo will be ab'ts (o throw some extra, fooling into the old song, ' There is One More River to Cross.' Ami when we have croased that river and come into our own let us hope that those who administer the government of Ire land will M'hieve that prosperity ior which she has been lording for so many years.' The vote or' thanks was carried, cheers be ing given, at the behest, of the Archbishop, for ^Ir. nnd Mrs Trelle. Thanks to the Archbishop. Mr. Trefle briolly replied, and proposed a vote of thanks to the Archbishop for pre siding, lie said the Catholics of Australia had reason to be grateful to Ireland for tho prelates she had given Australia, not tho least of whom was the present occupant of the See of Sydney. (Applause.) His Grace, Mr. Trello added, took tho chair at. the meet, ing as the loading Irishman of .Vow .South Wales, I'ntholir or nnn-Catliolic, (Applause.) The motion was hiit'icI by Hie whole gu theriny sending up throe mighty dicers for his (iraco. Tlie Archbishop, in ndsnowlodgiug tho compliment, said he belonged to all, without respect to any dilVoivnee of toun t vy or i-rccl, lie could not do more than nive iliein himself. When there was quest ion of lidelity to principle he loved to lie in the fiu'efrnnl of the agita tion. Ireland had I, ecu more I'liilliMil tlinii any other nation lo ihe principle ol love of (im| and country, There were no families so Christian as the Irish families, (iod I'ov ylvc those people who Were setting their VdiMiy A ii.-l ni Mini.* li/d/'-cnickeil— \ liey wore yoiiiU here and tin-re lo yet marrieii, instead of going to tin1 priest. Tho Greatest Onu.so, ''In vindicating Ihe political liberty o( our race,' hi* (irn,-e went on, 'wo are on yagod in the yreiilo.sl ciiiim' lo which mint can devote liin.sell', for pence and prosperity would be secured by Iceland having her na tional demands uninled, Mr. Trelie quiited one American, I will quote another, He was the enptnin of a ship that brought provisions to hllldili ill the 7n '- u lieu the famine laid dosolalo the land, lu iMildiu the captain was entertained, and received the freedom of the dty, and lu the course of his reply ho said, 'Ireland luis a thirst for liberty, nnd if Knulnnd be wise she will n'i\o her a copious draught of it.1 Yes,' the Archbi shop continued, 'let tin1 spriuii water of liberty well from ihe mck of the hearts or the Kngllsh democracy, and let Ireland have as satisfying a- draught us Kuglnnd'and Scot land, Then Kiiylishnien 'anil Scotchmen and every other nationality will find that, win are true lo the 'irisli traditions of a pure mind, a warm heart, nnd n strong arm, too, Hut if they do not yive u- that draught of ?|lb?rty, le( I hem look out, for wo will upset lludr Pfirli/liiHMil ttviT innl over iiynln. Tin1 flyhf.. Iiii» gone on for centuries) if il Is |o go on for centuries more so much the worse for wluil (hoy call the llritish Kniplro, IP they m-|vo Ireland liberty and John Kediiiond is, In reality, seal (is ninbiissndor to the I'llited Stales In conciliate the Irish there, Kntjiiii'l will Hud a U'lMiii hand in Ireland's hand, 'The members of the lloii.se of Lords lire showing their incoinpeleiicy a« hereditary rulers by refusing to rcconui-o that Ireland Is losing her life-blood under preneul. condi tions, and by failing lo see that- every emi grant woes away to other hinds with hostllo feeliliys III his (lean, Those lueli, I ,s|iy, are not III lo ho in the t'|ipor I 'haiiibel , 'I speak for myself,' ' ihe Archbishop pro ? led ' ' l»o vou think I have a wunn heart for Knuliind,1 (in the coutrury -?? I remember Hint In my unlive luiid I could not get an nd.uoiii.loii esoepi ul Trinity Ool' lego— It Is us much us I din do to keep my patience with her, Iml I'm the love of CUhI I Invo her people, and wish them well. Tlm best wish I can extend to the Ur'-llsh Is to ejve Ireland that copious draught of llborly, nud end once nud for nil that liiiiu-staiidliis,., difference between the two peoples.' Ills (Inico referred (o I lie -p|elidid cc|oli/rj| tiiiu,iind remarked that they could i.ever ga. lliernn St, Patrick's hnv without leiueiiibe*. inn tl'e ''ardliinl, wlm innl da.v wn.-i looking down on them and Ides^inu all Australia, without, distinction of erei«d or diisM, The Archbishop then called for cheers for the SNiers nnd Hrothcrs of the melrnpolltaii ( seiiools who \i-ere nwpiiiisililo for I he cnll- I ilroii 's doinonslriilioii, The ehoot-v sve i-o yheii with viuonr. A|i|||li Ilis I In ? Illled oil the U/llliellllH to e\pres.» nppi ? inti«'ii nf the work of the St, ? Patrick 's I Illy Cnllllllilloe. |H» nxpii^l uir- i ? ? .- 1 # . 1 1 1 . 1 1 ? 1 1 to w illi eiilliu- : sii«ni, i. 