DOMINIONS ROYAL '*■ .COMMISSION. AUSTRALIAN RECOMMENDA \- HONS SHALLOW POETS OF THE COMMONWEALTH. SERIOUS , AND PRESSING •' MATTER. OUT-OF-DATE. MAIL SERVICE. ' LOXDOX, Januavv -28./ ,.Further . details of the recommendations contained, in the Australasian. section of the .report of the Dominion^ Royal Com-' mission •..were.made., available yesterday.. Thev.i are. generally- of an important nature, and coverja wide: field. . The Commissioners state that they were .deeply, impressed- throughout Australasia by - the- desire of all classes to deal with ijhe. British 'Empire, rather ■ than, with foreign- nations. • This - was evident, not only by the tariff preference granted, but by a clear and distinct preference, based on sentiment and patriotism. Discussing the : question .of. migration, the ;report states -..thatMaboc-saviiig.'. machinery .is much,, moije used-an agriculture-- in, Aus tralia and < New:'Zealand- than m Europe. Comparisons made- show that the propor tion of the. population engaged m agricul tural. and - .pastoral:, pursuits, in thpse .Dominions is-smaller .than in, the United States and many Eurppean countries, while . the town; population •; is excessive^ Since-.'-the mother .country isalready; ■ de pendent -upon.her- overseas possessions for a-considerable-proportion of her food and raw 'material., the Commission were im pressed by the desirability of as large a portion as. possible . of- the Dominions being occupied . by-' if.- - population-. which would : assist -in- the development of the primary resources. The best age at . which to,obtain immigrants was from 16' to 24, and -in-.- this .connection it. is remarked that.the town-bred youth often finds his feet;: quicker- in a -new environment than the,';rustic.; iMhe requirements of Australia and:' New- 'Zealand ■ could j to a large-ex terlt. .be- fulfilled : by importing well-dis posed .youths whom environment in--the United Kingdom- had forced into Blind alley empteyments, and- youths from the.'industrial schools. The Commission found- no 'evidence supporting the- view that only -those who--followed agriculture in the old country can! become successful agriculturists in-. the: :new. There is - a strong-undercurrent of opposition in Aus tralia- and New Zealand to emigration^ principally among the urban wage-earners and artisans, who . regard- immigration as likely -to increase . competition in the skilled labor market,- but-the Commission believe j this .-hostility-arises, mainly from the ■ present defects in the immigration system. • ■ ■ • -Female ; and. Family Migration. •; ■ Discussing the question of femaleemi gration^ the. report states : that the • sur plus female - population of Britain .-?s to be. found mainly in the residential ■ towns, and consists principally of elderly ladies and women servants. The first are not possible/as .emigrants, while the servants can . ill -be spared. The ranks of female domestidsj have been; depleted'by'the de mands of commerce and industrv in . the United Rmgdom, compared with the posi tion -20; years ago. 'The Commission in tend to ideal., with., tins- matter: m greater detail,-iir. their 'final report"! Dealing with the . difficulty - of. - family migration, the Commissioners state .. that parents are often- too. old .to settle comfortably m- a new -land, and men- are tempted to. estab-. lidh- themselves prematurely as farm owners -or -tenants;1 . Beady-made farms are /non-existent to-any ■ large extent,, and farming on • che share system is: extend ing.-, in Australia, and-; is highly com mendable... The organisation of family migration will entail considerable public expense before an ideal system as1 reached. The report rccoriimends a' more full use of -the methods adopted at. Pitt Town, New South Wales, which is an admirable institution. It is undesirable: to ;.leave •the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested passage agents, and- in" this connection there exists' a: widespread feeling, which the Commission Consider: justifiable,, that -mis representation is riotuncommon;.' -though there arc few eases of actual fraud. ' \- : Discharged Soldiers for. the Tropics. ■ The possibility of. making, greater use. of the British labor, exchanges .deserves .close attention, pmtieularlylib connection with: juvenile emigration."The Commission- re commend greater co-operation between .'the home ■ and the- Australasian Governments regarding the migration... of discharged In dian soldiers, many of whom are willing to go • to Australia .and New '- Zealand, ■ but find this difficult, though they are already accustomed to a climate more trying than that of Northern Australia. ': The saving by direct migration would allow consider able' financial assistance to -be given to such emigrants.'"The: Coriirinssion are favorably impressed with the German settlements in Queensland arid South Australia and with the1 Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers ;iii" Victoria. Such migration would he a wholesome' addition to New Zealand arid Southern-Australia. ' Provision Needed for Larger Steamers. Dealing with inter-Imperial communica tion, the" Commission; are impressed with the;-.capacity- of the, Suez Canal to deal, without undue delay. ;with 15,000-ton ships, against; the present 5,000> provided, that cer •tain traffic :regulations are observed. They ' are also impressedwith the - increasing ability of the canal to take vessels of deep draught. There will shortly- be 30 ft. of water available in the canal,but it is doubtful whether this-will- bh-sufficient to provide for the necessities, of a quick ocean service :.to-- Australia.: The fact that the Panama Canal gives a depth of 40 ft. will accelerate the already rapid-increase in the size and draught of ocean carriers, and it is doubtful whether:.the authorities'con trolling Australian and. New Zealand har bors are. properly ■ alive to . this qtiiek in crease of draught which; is in prospect. The proper standard- is-40 ft. Except at Syd ney-, Hobart, Wellington, and Auckland, the facilities are considerably below this standard-' The Commission cannot urge too strongly that the governing bodies, of Aus tralian ports should devote earnest con sideration 'to.,the problem of deepening their .-harbors; ' i Defects of - the Mail Service. ; Turririg to the question of'.', the' postal service, the Commission consider that any semi-automatic' renewal of the mail con tract, with a slight, improvement in speed and. condition, and a slight decrease in the cost, would be inadequate as a solution of this -problem,: which' 'needs to he handled oh broader lines, giving full consideration to all the variants, and particularly " tbe speed restrictions at Suez. There is grave reason to doubt the reality of the com petition tinder the present arrangements, and a continuance of this quasi-hionopoiy for a- long; period would probably be in jurious to the development of shipping,' as it -removes a great incentive to the con struction of .faster ships. No mail contract ! will be satisfactory which does not provide | for :'i;. sea speed considerably tin .-'excess of that of unsubsidised lines.' The Commis sion'draws attention to complaints that the outward bills of- lading are out of date and unduly complicated in favor of 'the ship owners, as against their customers. Never theless there, is evidence- that many, of; the companies granted redress which they" were not legally compelled to give. There was evidence' that the strength of the shipping " ''ring" in • London was so great that com • billed action, by the importers jn this, mat ter would "be of 'little avail. ? The report draws attention to the possibility of amend ing the United" Kingdom' law, in order to bring. it into line with the Australian Sea Carriage Act, 1904. The . report also comments ■ on the anomaly of the Commonwealth charging a terminal rate of 5d. her word for the trans mission of Pacific cables while New Zea land charges Id. New Zealand: cables should be reduced to. 2/S per word. The Pacific Cable Board'-has.notrshown the enterprise that might reasonably-be expected of them. A'laudable desire to abolish deficits has ob scured their: vision of^the larger and more urgent duties. ' To spend £2,000,000 on con - struction and- theu; to: leave the cable com paratively idle foiv two-thirds of each day . isr not commercial nor politic ebrinnon sense. ; Cotton-Growing in the Commonwealth. The report includes in detail the pro posal of the British Cotton-Growing .Asso ciation to establish cotton-growing,- which the Commonwealth and Queensland: Go-, vernments have accepted. The Commis sioners deny that experience has shown that cotton can only be successfully grown ; by black labor.. On the contrary,, they state: that .75 per cent, of the labor on the Texas cotton plantations is white, and they con sider • it possible • that Maltese would fur nish lust .the type of labor required. -.It is-estimated that cotton-picking in Austra lia - would v cost 3d.,,per- lb:, whereas it is lid. in the Southern States of' America, but -there is evidence that the quality of the Australian product--would be such as to' justify an expectation that, a higher price would be secured for it than, to that of- most' co-tton countries. . There, is .also e possibility of the ebttbnrpickihg machine re.ducing the importance of the Australian labor factor. It .should also, be possible to organise the small growers into associa tions for picking the crop on co-operative lines.; ■ Branding,pf Hides. | i While admitting tha t . hides-, are damaged ' by . branding, - the" Commission -j think ' the - natural: remedy is to. .differ- j entiate. in -regaVd• to the price between, hides branded. as the.-- tanners. 'suggest-.they,' -should bo. and those branded as- they ; aye now.- The report does not recomniehd more stringent . regulations regarding .glu cose in leather. It -urges uniformity-- 'in legislation and regulations- regarding food i and drugs. Australasian .agricultural, j mineral;- .and - forestry;(resources . .will. • be treated- in- the final report; also the en quiries concerning. better. facilities for handling-meat and fruit upon which inves tigations . are proceeding.. The Commis sioners are also making-further enquiries regarding the .value -of inter-Imperial ex hibitions; and the desirability of establish ing an Imperial Development Board. 