If fretful, feverish, constipated, bilious or tongue coated, take this delicious "fruit laxative " at once. The vague, general discomfort of being "out of sorts," when the stomach turns against food the eye is dull and the tongue coated and heavy, can be banished in a few hours by a dose of " California Syrup of Figs." There is no need to put up with these things until to-morrow, waiting for bed-time to take medicine. " California Syrup of Figs " will begin to do you good the moment you take it at any hour and cause no discomfort. This pleasant tasting, refreshing fruit laxative cleanses the stomach, gently sweeps away all secure mutations of undigested food, and stimulates the river to assist in relieving the bowels. By evening the tongue will be clear again and the overflow of bile swept away : you will be yourself again, with a good appetite and digestion. This is the medicine which does such wonders for children of all ages ; but it is every bit as good for grown- up people, and there are full directions for every age with the bottle. Take care to bay the genuine, as there are imitations on the market. Ask for "' California Syrup of Figs," and look for the name and trade mark: of the California Fig Syrup Co." All leading chemists sell " California Syrup of Figs" here and 1/9 per bottle. WORCESTERSHIRE Put it in your dixie. A touch of Holbrook's makes a world of difference to a stew or ~>_ W HE DOCTOR KNOWS how necessary it is to have a pen that will write anywhere anytime. The fountain pen that does is the Onoto Pen the greatest convenience a doctor can carry. It fills itself in a flash from any ink supply it can not leak. Get one to-day. "-" Price 12/- and upwards at all stationers, stores, jewellers, etc British made by Blush Labour Booklet about the ONOTO PEN free on application to Then. De La Rue * Co, Ltd., has, 373 Bcohill Row, EX. Selling or Australian Report- luminary Safety FOtSl-111 J Baker F Longhurst, 50 York Street, Sydney. UBPORTANT.-For those wholesome a large pen with a very flexible rub, a special model-the new G, has been put on the market. It is exceptional value for the money. Try this new 6 at your stationers. Also ask him for Onoto Ink, till best for fountain and all other pens. ' *a««witB«M« Every man or woman who is at all troubled by cos fineness or constipation should have a copy of this splendid book on the subject. It explains in careful detail and plain English with the help of illustre * trations, the entire mystery of the use of foods and the disposal of the refuse. It explains the wonders of nutrition and elimination. It treats of the fallacy of drugging the stomach and liver to overcome a complaint that is not theirs at all. It proves over and over that powerful drugs used to aid bowel action only make their condition worse. It will prove to the most consistent "drug doses that he cannot cure himself of Constipation by pouring drugs down his throat, It will show you the straight, broad road to an absolute care of chronic constipation of the worst sort by a drugless method that is positive and accurate in its action and lasting in its effect. . . It fully explains Prof. Miggsley's famous Concentrated Fruit Bowel Digestant and Nutrient "Prunola," and describes the method by which a drugless cure is really effected. It explains why we can offer you treatment on the fairest basis possible, viz., a guarantee to refund your money in the event of the failure of the treatment. Isn't this an opportunity worth entertaining? Read these grateful letters. Manager, -Mullumbimby, N.S.W. Prunella Co. Sept. 15th Dears Sir,-I have now completed Last month's treatment, although I have not finished my supply of Prunola. as several days ago I decided to The appended extracts are taken from the original signed letters in our possesion. We will pay the above amount to any charity named if WE ARE UNA BLE TO PRODUCE THEM I required VHB_B___-______ cut down the daily quantity by ones tube-, afterwards reducing the dose to two per day Instead of four without any change in any condition, which otherwise Is satisfactory. I do not feel it necessary to continue the Prunola, as I feel I can positively cured of the trouble, and I adhere very closely to the very important part of the treatment advised by you, viz., daily habit. It has not failed me on any one single day since I first noticed an improvement in my condition. Thanking you for your kind consideration to my case and to your courteous attention to my numerous letters, I am pleased to remain one of your cured patients. Yours truly, A-. W-. R-. 4-7 NO FURTHER TREATMENT REQUIRED. Alectown, is Parkes, Oct. 18th Deaf Sir, Received your note a few days ago and am glad to report that I am much better Since undergoing your treatment; in fact I feel so much better that I do not feel the necessity for any more Prunola. I shall continue to carry out the instructions you save me and think 16 will be always beneficial Yours etc F-. T-. W-. 3-18 We only visa were could give you the contents of this book herein, but as you have been interested to this point, won't you sit down at once and send a 2d. stamp for the book It is well worth -saving, and thousands have proclaimed it as the turning? point in their hearts towards happiness and the joys of living. Just four words will do : "Piesse wird your Book," but yon can go further if you desire, and give us a summary of your trouble. This splendid bee- for the next thirty days FREE for 2d. stamp to cover postage (usual price 2s. 6d.) 2802 Pianola Company, llOl Commerce Lane, Sydney EBB2K___SSS_3_e_ OUT A QUARTER OFF YOUR FUEL ACCOUNT You will effect a WON15EKFÜL ECONOMY IN YOUR FUEL ACCOUNT if you use a _ All cold air is admitted under lines of fire-bed, and an even and steady distribution of heat is an cured. THIS MEANS LESS WOOD, BUT MORE HEAT, VERY GREAT REÜÜÜTÍS HAVE BEEN MADE IN THE PRICE OF MOST SIZES. WRITE FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED (CATALOGUE, :SLB¡¥HTE_>, 142, Run die-street, Adelaide. 38aweexÂ2/2 Medical. LT - THE CRADLES FULL. "Bonus or no bonus," says the Hon. J. Cook, "the country seeds to have its cradles full." A book dealing with this subject in a most informative way will be appreciated by ctíJWlesB married couples. It will be sent free if 2d. is re- mitted for postage. Cooniey, Kedione Coy's, Ladies' College of Health (Mrs. A. R. Martin. Butter. 39 and 40, Royal Exchange, Adelaide, Sole Agent! in South Australia for the famous "Orange Lily Treatment Established over 40 years. -247owec BABIES are Australia's Best Immigrants. In many homes baby does not appear, greatly to the disappointment of husband and wife. A book on this matter contains valued information and advice. Copies free if 2d. is sent for postage. Dept. T. "Natura" Health Co. (Mrs. Clifford, Supt,), 7, Kfeabeth^treet, "melbourne. C8weo__ CORE YenscH by Hygienic _et_ods.-A sufferer for years will explain how to get instant relief from Rheumatism, Sciatica, Nervousness, Stiffness. Indigestion, Catarrh, Sleeplessness, etc: otwiliriely free of charge on receipt of stamped envelope. Address healthy' C.P.O., Adelaide. _..___F7'101.. DBJU_.J__K.V1__ -_ Dr. Shaw Ar_i-Ale<thoi-¡ secret or vxJaaUr», register GoverameMs NSW. and Tie: sale ted Bore cure for horse use: places toe. Dr. Shaw Est.. 123. Collins street. *»**lhonHic._SB-lTl LADIES. Dr. J". A. StaGSus (Orange Blossom). -3uiHxj5ilorie&. borne remedy, no operations. Stanro for eli gular. Dr. McGill's Agency, Widows' Frrrai Bl___)K, Gee- eldest.. Adelaide. hotel "NAÎSAL G_m_-A sufferer for over 20 years, ago?" after having been under the best medical treatment in this and other States, without receiving any benefit, has discovered a simple remedy, which has proved a permanent cure in his own and other cases. Full particulars will be forwarded on receipt _ address and postage. "Genuine' 119, Angas st Adelaide. 85owe_8SSe WgmNiïaÊÊimÊ HERR RASSMUSSEN, the Celebrated Da-- Herbalist, and Pre-eminent Nerve and Blood Soon dailies, whose VITALITY PILLS will permanently cure all Nervous Disorders and restore Vigor, Vitality, and manhood to all who are run down, weakened, or depressed from excesses, worry, overwork, or any other case. His BLOOD CURE PILLS will speedily cure any Blood or Skin Disorder, and expel every particle Of any old Constitutional Blood Taint from the system. Special Powerful Courses (50 days' treatment), with ordinary courses. 23/6; smaller bottles, 187 and 85 each. The smallest bottle will prove the genuineness of the Remedy, which has stood a 86 years' deceitful test. Advice Free, Write or call today and note address HERE ROSS MTJSSEN, Danish Herbalist, -3, Gawler- place, Adelaide._106«_78o T. G. STORER, Herbalist. PA1_;-STRI_T, HYDE PARK, THE ÉGCGESSÍ'ÜIJ HERBALIST. For Catarrh, Asthma, Consumption, Rheumatism, Constipation, Indigestion, Nerve Pains, Eczema, Bladder. Kidneys, Liver, and Werah Troubles. Call or write to- day for particulars. Free. ZOOwica-OTo E. H. S. COOMBER PHARMACY. ' East-street and Port-road. Hinotearah, S.A. Country orders are executed and forwarded on the day they are received. Medicines can be forwarded to any part of the" States by rail or post. Write for List llSlw-o WASTELL & CO., Chemists, 86, KING Wn,T.TA-W-_nt__T. Truss Specialists . NUHSERY CREAM. Orildren'a Pomade for the Head. Kilda Nits and Heals Sores, 1/3, 2/8, and 3/6; Nit Comb, 6d. extra. BLOOD POISON The system should be thoroughly cleansed, end every poisonous taint removed. ENEMAS and all Rubber Goods. Scown INFLUENZA AND ALL FEVERISH COLDS CURED Iff M HOURS by raring J Price 26, Posted 8/6. TOO ft AT. DR. PAROSL_Y*S Positive Cure for CORPs AGENCY, American Oenteel Pula. Price, 5s and 10s a box. W. WASTELL & CO., CHEirrsris. 68. Miss WI*I_UA_-STREET. DR. BARDSLEY'S PASTILLES FOR BRONTTHniS, COUGHS, ASTHMA, AND THAT IRRITABLE COUGH. invaluable to Sincere and Speakers. PRICE, 1/6 per box. DR. BARDSLEY'S ELIXIR OF LIFE The Great Nerve and Brain Tonic and Body Builder. Cures all Nervous Diseases, Locomotor At-du, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Neuralgia, Paralysis. Melancholia, Mental Worry, Pale and Sallow Comission. Sole Agent, W. WASTELL & CO., 86, King Willam-street. Price. 5/6 and 126 per Bottle. 281,4wec* _3>2___._?_ac TURKS IN NEGLECTED es Skin IS-. as as an: Should you have any or all of the following symptoms it is advisable to use "OZONIA" immediately: A feeling of heaviness in the nose and head. Difficulty in breathing except through the mouth. Ckmstont clearing of the throat and spit- ting. Sore throat and attack-' of sneezing. Noises in the head and ears. " OZONIA it will soon restore the organs to their normal condition, and enable them to per- form their functions properly. "OZONIA " gives instant relief, and is a quick and easy way of curing Nasal Catarrh, Hay Fever, Irritated and Sore Throat, Ear Ache, Noises in the Head and Ear, Dis- charges from the Kar, Stuffy Feeling in the Nose and Ttocat, Deafness from Catarrh, Hoarseness. Sore and Inflamed Eyes, of Oxonia is sold by all Chemists, price 1/8, or from Ozonia, Ltd., 72, Goulburn street, Sydney, and 472, Little Collins street, Melbourne. Postage 6d. asters. TSwasrT SECRET_CU&E;$ Patent Medicines carry big press. On the authority of analysis made by a British Medical Association we learn the ingredients, composing a famous Kidney ComplaintReraeriy, 2/9 bottle lots W. to make. A celebrated Hair Wash, 4/8 bottle, would cost you Id. to make at home if ron saw what secret ingredient to buy. Few 57 I will send the formula based upon analysis made by the Britain Medical Association of almost any advertised preparation, excepting; remedies for purely women's ailments. Application for such pp- scrrotioM» will under no cirertïmstaneses be entertained. I am prepared to supply the formula for making ready widely advertised Baa Dyes and Washes. Completion BcautiflerB, Cores for Headaches, Deafness, Indigestion, Onra- patum, Piles, Rheumatism. Gout, Kerema, other skin affections. Blood Purser's. Coughs, Colds, Catarrh, Kidney, layer Complaints, Nervous Ailments, Nerve Tonic, Alcoholism. Sic., c I offer no remedies of my been, but if you are in the habit of brrri-gadver used preparation!: such as the above I westward from the guaranteed formula of same in accordance with analysis made by the British Medical Yass Station, so that you may castanets the prepara-, tion -yourself at home at the cost of a few pence, where now without the family you are spending pcuwK Send the name off-hand Tamara, of which you require, with Postal Note, if, to G. EDWARDS, 26, lÄneta-pteoe, Albert AA, Booth Melbourne, Vic. Sowing TyDPUOAT- BELSTEAD CHECK. BOOKS. "to specials- adapted for Drsjjen, Statesmen, and Restless cvmnaQr. (Sieblart, Sale Bltti Whytlaw Tickets, suit every decision. of Pria-SR events) at -Scotsman j Castra end with the great dkp_b_, J. R. BOSxTBOa - CO, 3,Bnfth_ted and General Printers, 4 *W-t^--a--B"«nn>i. stormy We want to send FREE TO YOU a Sample of the Fathers Fathers Treat- ment for Attenuation and Deficient BUST DEVELOPMENT. SO SUCCESSFUL has this wonderful treatment been that it really seems a pity that it has not been in the hands of every woman who suffers from thinness or immature bust development. We want every woman who considers her figure to fall short of her desires to learn all about FLESH-FOOD, and to learn from the pens of hundreds of grateful women what it has done for them. We want to send you a free trial sample and our illustrated book on attenuation. Write for it to-day. Don't need our praise of our own remedy, but let us introduce you to hundreds who praise it more highly than we do. Make up your mind right now to write for free book and free sample to-day, What is more pitiable than -a pretty woman whose neck, arms, and scraggy chest destroy her every chance of being really charming ? Nothing gives charm to a woman so much as does a full, well-rounded bosom. If you lack in, science will enable you to obtain it. Br, Fallieren Flesh-Food Offers relief and development to the thousands of chronically thin women who have despaired of ever possessing a presentable figure It is a nerve and -sauce good treatment that adds weight and development to attenuated women No matter if you never had the semblance of a best, Flesh-Food will develop you to normal No matter how long your cheeks have been thin and hollow, Flesh-Food will build them out, develop them, and make them round and rosy. No matter if your figure has been a laughing-stock for your family and friends she who laughs last laughs best use Flesh-Food and it will be your turn to laugh put up in tablet form, it is pleasant to take and palatable. It leaves no unpleasant after-effects, and the results are permanent and lasting. IT MAY BE TAKEN SECRECY. RESULTS GUARANTEED. ' Many cases gain as much as five pounds a week, and improvements up to as much seven inches have been made in the bust measurements. See what those who have used Flesh-Food say. We have Hundreds of Letters like these : -stagger, "Fle-h-Food" Co Gympie, Queensland, May 5, 1913 Dear Sir-As I one, I was very interested in your flesh-Food treatment, and was greatly surprised at the wonderful results in any case When I first wrote to you I was only a-in and bone, and I have good cause to be thankful that I wrote you for a free sample, for I feel certain now that I am one of the best advertisements you could possibly have, as I am developed In every way satisfactory to myself, and I have waited a good while to prove If it was lasting in its effect, and I am now glad to say that year splendid treatment has done -U you claimed it would, my weight and mes-care-aents being ample -I am yours gratefully, MRS. B. WtNGBOVE. DID ALL CLASSES FOR. XT. -bitter, Father. "Flesh Foo-" Co's Glebe Point, NSW. Dear Sirs-I am not taking any mere Flesh-Food. It has done all year claimed It would do, and I thank God that I have found at last a treatment that has made a new woman of me I saw welsh over ten stone, and my flesh is hard and firm. I have spoken to many women of Ties Feed and told them how it restored me to perfect health after years of weakness and attenuation My husband joins me in thanking you for what your kind care and treatment has done for me. Yours truly, S. CROMWELL. JUST AS WE PROMISEs, Falllere "Fresh Food" Co Mt Gambier, SA Dear Sir I am very pleased to tell you at the delightful results In my case, with your splendid treatment If you Could see me to day, you would readily realize how much sense I has, to be more than satisfied with the results, when comparing my appearance with what it was I have sailed In weight, and mr -tear«-rements have increased just as you said they would do, and my health has improved marvellously Many, many thanks for your kind care and attention, and your spier and Remedy, and you can depend upon me to always recommend its use Yours very £_J>-. PEARL UNGEB. It is the thousands of friends made by our treatment that en- courages us to urge you to the utmost to lose no possible opportunity of undertaking its use. FRIENDS DIDN'T KNOW THE, Manager, Byron Bay. Dear Sirs-I have knocked off year' splendid treatment, at my development is NOW quite Satisfactory. Indeed I am a changed woman, my appetite is good and my health is excellent, and all our friends wonder at the change in me. Several persons who had known me from childhood, failed to recognisance t am SO altered and benefited I am now in excellent health and spirits and am delighted with the affect est your wonderful remedy. Yours very truly, MAY CURTIS. ALWAYS ttECOMMENtiB IT. Falliere "Fresh Food" Co Merton-road, Brisbane. Dear Sir,-In reply to your several kind standing I am glad to say that I do not require further treatment as I am as heavy as I desire, and my me-»arwuent«. are now satisfactory, and I have improved generally. I shall always recommend your treatment and thank you, for your contests and -fall ears. Yours sincerely, R. CLARK. QUICK RESULTS. Falllere "Fresh Food" Co, BOBfcnxy, Vf A. Dear Sirs-I have improved very much under your treatment, both in health and gore, and did sat decide that the results would show is On tooth a time. Yours truly, UBS. K. XL WXTHBBS. We like to have our clients cal if possible, as we have every facility to comfortably inter- is a w.A.s-- view them, but as many are at great distances we BY THE PAST care for them by post. 7s ? x l ww I Every care is taken to ensure security to ear communications in transit, and our annual postage account, running into over 100 a month, testifies to the extent of our connection. Work this out for yourself All correspondence is handled only by trusted and careful departmental heads, and your slightest whisper carefully satisfied, j No request from a patient is too trivial, no communication so unimportant but that it comes before our principals for adjudication. % > s Let Us Send Yow a Free Sample. You can see that coupon. It is there to save you the trouble of writing, if you cannot call We want every thin or undeveloped woman to GB know all about Dr FaHiere'9 Flesh-Food bust developer, and if you j Will fill in your name and_ad<iress, and enclose a 2d stamp with all the coupon (you need not write a letter we will at once send you a ! free trial sample and our illustrated free book on the female figure. JUST YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS, AND THE 2d. STAMP. FREE SAMPLE COUPON. tables 2d. stamp [out this Coupon, Manager, Failure Companys, 1301 Ash-street, Sydney. Dear Sir,-Please send me your free book and free simple treatment. (Name) .... (Address Adelaide Advertiser." a í/14 (SMI) 9Í.1 450 CasH Prizes. 1st Prize £100 99 Everyone should compete in this pleasant and instructive competition, and everyone has an equal chance of winning the Grand Prize of £100. No special literary ability or anything of that sort is required. All you have to do is to write down all the words you can make from the eleven different letters contained in the phrase "KephaJdoI kills pities" You simply have to make as many words as you can. Only English words in common use, and recognised by English dictionaries to be used, FOR ,_tx___?I_{: Dale Had--Poke-Nose-Adhesion. Obsolete words, dialect words, foreign phrases, proper names Les, names of persons and places not allowed. No single never to be said tears than once in each store. I RD LES MD geWOlTIOKS OF cOMPETiTION 3rd Prize 4th or 5th ,. 6th ,, 200 Prizes 240 ,, £15 £10 £3 £2 5h 2/6 C-aaetiSon states at 1 o'clock, June 6th, 1914. PrírapaiiJala3hl, 1914. 1\. The prizes will be awarded to the conv person stands- in the LONGEST LIST OF CORRECT WORDS. 2\. With such. bat must be sent the, roof cartons (cardboard case which has contain- ed tabs of Dr. Stohr KEPHALDOL, THE GREAT PAIN KILLER, sold by -a «rhfjnitrt. (Sample carters will not be accepted..) 8\. On this portion must he written seasons and a<khe_-«3f' the retailer from whom the package was purchasers. 4\. Only the eleven great desert which appear in the case ''Kerbside Kaus Paris" may be used tion Ute Rita L, w-eh appears four times, most not be used more than once to a word, and the letter K, A, P, and L each of which appear here, can be used but once in any word. A word having two or more meanings will be coasted - one word only. of AU-«teroujl bone«_7'*OTB_u typed TEAM total number of words and»»M-poUtor* _ name and address at top of list. 6\. Noone either tiredly or -der ployed by or connected with Ki will be allowed to compete. 7\. In case of a tie for any one prize the amount west be divided equally. No person will be given more than one side, though as members of the same easy yellowed to compete. 8\. AN Es- most be sent (envelope marked 'K__pi_W') to Kephaldol 6. 30 Ash St, £ryd-CT«_lreoef^n_ltiaAs_Otte o'clock 6th June 1944, when Cosopeéûaa (23, 9\. The price to- he awarded system- mittee at three well-known business -men in no way connected with fCephaMoI) whose names will be punished with he of prize winners, on Aug. 1st 1914, in the Melbourne Jtgt and the Sydney Morning Herald and probably one daily in each other State. 10\. The occasion of the Courted on all matters cx_c*u-rtg the Competition must be acx-eptedaa-ial and legally binding in all respects, and acceptance of this case it is tracts- grandson of entry. lil l^ccwt-vpoaoWce will be entered into in roared- with the Competition. X»aT>trç*t_TOr«_n__ei;a_r*!o_a»*.Ttpe_^^ It is quick in. effect and «-M-Wefe ¿____t=s. and gives instant relief in l_^RA_OIA, SCIATICA. HEADACHE. -B_n__7ns_i POWER, IBJ_U0^ History KEPHALDOL CO, Commerce Buildings, 30 AihsL, SYDNEY. MALTED MILK Only the very finest cream milk, from the finest cows and the richest pastures of Buckinghamshire, together with the addition of valuable Cereals, are used to press dute Horlick s Malted Milk, the greatest HEALTH FOOD DRINK. All ages benefit by taking it. It gives health and strength where others 6-3. It is easy to make requires no cooking and is delicious, -Of all Chemists and Stores the 683 16s, BIG WOODS GREAT FUNÍ TIRE SALE IS NOW PROC___MNf¿, EVERYONE IN OUR BIG STOCK AT PRICES THAT WILL ASTONISH EVERYBODY. This Splendid Wardrobe at £3 15s 6d the best time in Adelaide. It is 6 ft, 6 in. jun, 3 ft. 9 in. wide, with huge BeroQed Moora and Drawer, Light or Dark Colors a line that we can thoroughly recommend. ARY ARTICLES BOUGHT FROM OUR WAREHOUSE CAN BE RETURNED IF HOME BUYER IS NOT SATISFIED. 133, RUNDLE-STREET. CORNER OF TWPy-S__a_ET. PACKING EXTRA. Seow 0 in a sound body and a healthy, alert brain The one Is insepar- able from the other Those who suffer 1 __'?_*? !?"%?_? from the ravages of lift fa E if w-sung-weakneg* and M of case? of *£**S*' fearful skin 135 St __?*«# a attentions, unstrung nerves, men young in years but aged in SOBS' wSo 3, was featured, dull: eyes. and show. .T,nfM. "who have 810 b a r at a by thrown away she Previous vigour of? youth, and laying scarcely stopped Upon go permits of more' blood, Had they have lost their right to stand upon instead Jessy heart, nerves, organs arouse strong and healthy sign" sparkling, body erect, brim clear, stop are £8 energetic but who And everything wrong, their ham. and vitality ^ke^WMted^elrbicod annual vlU-ted-e-eewed-ana all kinds of debSlutln-^S enfeebling symptoms present, will and what is Dr. Harry Westwood Cooper their BEST friend His methods are -absolutely modern and scientific age we. DISEASE, NEKVB, BRAIN. HEART, INVITE, _.UN<3«, KIDNEY salt spray AFFECTIONS, EXHAUSTED and ENFE-BUSD CONSTITUTION _»^P¿Í5? GOUT. RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA. LUMBAGO. KUPTUKE. Flats vTr sSt VBINB, INDIGeSTION. FUNCTIONAL. DERAÄQK-TBNTS, gr-Cr' VABIvO<_B FREE BOOK Ä ^cÄia-^^^^Ä^ ViSoA s' I FLIES OVER fleet handsome, well-bound and rottstttKa L. XiJ?, with practically every ailment, and containing many useful prwriptlotHV it Vhl!?.5 been every house as A Home Farriers and Guide 6d IN starring t. «.?wq!* charge It is sent free. GAMES is the only All OONBTTWATIONS, personally or by letter, are free. If you n. "w. - unfit, write and let me advise you, of call upon me personally, J>ttyUa¡Bft DR. H. W. COOPER, WJ.D.,_T6 DEPT.. R MILTON HOUSE. 267 J_____tt_ro4!R, tOOOU Flat, muST " 