' NEWS OI' THE DAY. To ensure .correct classification, it is spe cially requested tliqt advertisers will lodge tlieir advcrtkeiiicnts at this office before G p.ru. ou Friday and 7 p.m. on other days. .Advertisements left: at news agencies should be lodged correspondingly earlier. ' Metubers of tile. Legislative Assembly have settled, down -to the work of the sum- nldr session in a way. that indicates a de termination to complete the task as soon as 'possible. For many rltours yesterday they .we're engaged on the , tiresome work of moulding machinery to give effect to prin- diiijes more: or -.less gqueraliy acceptable in tl'.e Workei-s' Compensation Bill. That hard cases''make bad laws ivas driven home to many minds when the new clause pro-' posed by the Government to meet the case of small employers, in rural industries was brought ' dov/n by the ' Attorney-General, ilr. Mackinnon. The intention was that .any, such employer paying not more than '£150 per annum in wages should be auto matically insured in the State office, if, within fourteen days after the commence- 'liient .of the act, or. tiie .commencement of employment, ; ho. . notifies the office and takes, out a policy as soon as practicable. For many. and. widely divergent reasons members , found . fault with the clause, '.which had originkted' in a desire to protect employers in isolated places who' might be ignorant of the act, or find, difficulty in effecting prompt insurance. There was a body of opinion . favorable to universal automatic insurance as a safeguard for workers against impecunious and uninsured employers. Amendments accepted by the Government, extending the application of the clause to all employers whose wages sheets are not more tiian £160 per annum, were agreed .to, Mr. Toutehcr was supported only by the tabor party when he divided' the House pn an /amendment by which the 'State would. come to an injured. worker's, aid when; his employer happened to- be penniless; and Sir. liobertson withdrew a ea'll for a division on. finding the numbers overwhelmingly, against liiiri on a proposal to exclude .agriculturists generally from the act / Amidst cheers tlie bill was passed aiid sen't 'oiiee. inore to the Council. The remainder of the sitting, which lasted from 11 a.m.'-till 0.40 p.m,, .was devoted : to' the iBnilway -Loan'- Application Bill. The mea sure' was' passed through all stages. . The work '-of relieving, the Minister for Home Alfairs of some . .of his many re sponsibilities, which has been in prepara- tionr since/' the beginning of the year, is beginning to/.'bcnr '.As was indicated yesterday, the lilccloral department lias been -placed under,, the. control of Senator M'Coll,.'and arrangements- ure being made for the xreafioti. of a' separate Works de partment. .."The. necessity for llio latter de parture b'fis.been emphasised by some of : the evidence given before the I'owellising Commission concerning the control of the Foderal;Tailway. works. A feature of. the ncw/arrangemcnts will- be the separation of the. professional and administrative au-. thority, so .lhat Mr,..Dcahe, the engineer in chief, may- be relieved of business de tails which be has:n'ot in tho past been able to properly supervise. The convenience of- letter boxes on tram- cars has been proved: beyond question in some parts of -Australia, but- it has never been properly, / .tested in. Melbourne, be cause the Melbourne -. Tramway Company cluimed terms that were considered to be beyond all reason. But municipal trams are now running in some-, suburbs, and Mr. Agar Wynne, Postmaster-General, has arranged for - the system to be tried on the Deepdene- to St.- Kitda ser vice of , Malvern Tramways Trust. The chairman ' and the engineer of the trust agreed yesterday to curry letter boxes on the trams of that route for an experimental period . of ' three months. Let ters may' he posted at any. of the ordinary stopping pluecs, and the postal siaff will collect them for despatch. Of course the trams must, not- be. hindered-. ; A car may ifi'pt be. detained for the posting of a letter. Nothing, would so surely kill the system as ils'exploitation in so unreasonable a way. A ' witness before the ' Iritcr- State Com mission said yesterday that if it had not been for supplies of wattle bark being ob tainable from 'Soutlv Africa half tho tan neries would havtS had to close up last 'year: He -related that bis firm had en deavored to cultivate- wattle in two parts of Victoria,- but with' rather disastrous re sults, ami they were not encouraged to make any ' further attempts. -This seems to be a branch of- the' leather industry to which a good deal /of attention ought to be given, not1 bidy : in the direction of culti vating the' tree, btit in providing a remedy against/the .insect , pest whicli so militated against tlie success ,of ' the wattle farm in Gipiisland.', The wattle is an exotic in South .Africa— the 'seed was obtained from Australia— and . it'.will be the irony of fate if we have to depend/upon another country for supxilics of material obtainable from a tree indigenous to the' Commonwealth. The meagre sunk, which the Common wealth Government lias set aside for the development of the Northern Territory soems'to be' about exhausted, as far. as the present nnaueiai year is concerncQ. -a deputation representing a proposed pros pecting company was: told as much by Mr. Glynn, Minister for External Affairs, yes terday, when it' asked for a subsidy toward the cost of establishing a central prospect ing depot some distance to the south of Cun-.boweal. Mr. Glynn, in refusing the request, said the money at his disposal for the - Northern Territory was almost' ex- hausted, and he -had had to got a special advance of £5000. from the Treasurer a month or so ago in order to keep some of the ordinary mining development works going. The new turbine steamer of the Loon gana type, which lues been ordered by the Hudilart Barker -Company, is in fulfilment yf the new contract . made by the Postal department for all improved service be tween Melbourne '-find .the North-West of Tasmania. The contract provides tliat the new service is to start as early as pos sible, but not later than September of next year. The subsidy, which is now at the rate of £13,000 per annum, will there upon be increased to £15,000. The opera tion of two fast turbine vessels will, it is expected, prevent' the annoying delays in Tasmania tliat have hitherto occurred at times during tlie-v'inter months. . The Minister in1, -charge of immigration yesterday paid a tribute to the efforts of the Danish Club to assist -the State in con nection with a' its ' 'immigration policy. "There are a 'small : number of Dan>» ar- riving now.' said Mr. Hagelihorn, -"and they are a mosb'katjsfacjqry typo of- people. For the most jifirtthby' are farm -workers, and no difficulty is experienced in obtain ing them employment. In this regard the department is very deeply indebted to the Danish Club, which is taking much in terest in providing for immigrants from Denmark. On the arrival of such persons the Government has no need to bother at all; wo just send tlicin along to the Danish Club, and they are taken in thcte until employment is found for themliy its mem bers." A special meeting of the Board of Health was held yesterday to consider an applica tion for permission to erect, a . picture theatre at the rear of Pater's Hotel, in Bourke-street. The application was bp- posed by the inspector, and the board, after visiting the site, refused tlie applica tion on the ground that the danger from fire or panic would be too great in a theatre erected on such an /enclosed area. The board later visited Elsternwiek to in spect a site for the erection of' a destructor for Caulfield, Elsternwiek and St: Kilda. Before a good house iMr Julius Knight-, and company revived List evening, at the Theatre lloyiil, Bernard Slianv s witty, aatir.cal comedy Man and Superman. -Both audience and company scorned -to enjoy the experience. Applause and laughter were frequent. Ever and anon were heard belated chuckles, as some-slow brain: hqd. -. finally worked its way to the meaning. of a, . Shavian sarcasm on accepted traditions or orthodoxy enthroned lit "the: person' -'Of ' "Airs. Whitefield." Air. Knight got every bit of effect out of tho part of John' Tanner, the alleged cynic; Air- -Arthur Greenaway scored heavily , as 'Enry . Straker, "the Now Man" and fine pro duct of board schools and polytechnics ; and of the ladies Aim Dorothy Cuming, as Violet Robinson was the most natur;. ally successful. Alise Ittenc Brcm-ne made the best oE Ann Whitefield. and iti the third act would -have, satisfied "G.B.S." himself. The final production of the piece will l>c given to-nHght: To-morrow night Air. Knight will produce tlie Lion and the Mouse. A meeting of domestic helps will be "held at Iho Temperance Hall, Russell-street, at 8 p.m. to- day, with the object of forming a oo-oipcnifivc as- sociation. - - - -- "llradsliawa1 Guide" for Fohmiary, containing all the latest alterations and 'additions to the rait- way time tables, post office information ami coach, and road guide, is to hand from the publishers, Messrs, Still well and Co. -. 