EMPIRE TRADE. commission's report. 1 ADDITIONAL SUGGESTIONS. IMMIGRATION PROBLEMS. DEPTH OE HARBORS. oversea mail service. LOXDOX, 28th January. . In their report of their recent visit to Australia and Xew Zealand - the members of - the Dominions Trade Commission state that they were deeply impressed throughout Australasia by the desire of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations. Xot only was there a tariff preference, but also a clear and distinct preference based upon sentiment and patriotism. immigrants and agriculture. Discussing the question of migration, the. report of the commission states: — "Labor saving machinery is much more used for agriculture in Australia' and Xew Zealand than in Europe. Comparisons show that in proportion to the population England's agricultural and, pastoral pur suits arc 'smaller than those of the United States and many European countries,' whilst the ratio of her town population is excessive. Since the mother country is al ready dependent upon oversea sources for It considerable proportion of her food and raw material, the commission is impressed with the desirability of as large a portion as possible of the Dominions being occu pied by a population which will assist in the development of the primary resources. Tlir» best age for immigrants is from sixteen to twenty-four. The town-bred youth often finds his feet quicker in a new environ ment than the rustic lad. Australia and Xew Zealand's requirements are largely ful filled by well-disposed youths who, by their environment in the United Kingdom, have been forced into blind alley employments, and youths from the industrial schools." The commission found no evidence to support the contention that only those who have followed agriculture in the old country can become successful agricultur ists in Xew Zealand. There is a strong undercurrent of opposition in Australia and Xew Zealnnd to immigration, princi- pall>' among the urban wage earners and artisans who regurd immigration as likely to increase competition in the skilled labor market. The commission believes that this ' hostility arises mainly from the pre sent defects in the immigration system. WOMAN EMIGRANTS. Discussing female immigration, the re port states: — "The surplus in Great Britain is mainly in the residential towns, and con sists principally of elderly ladies and woman servants. The first are not possible as. emigrants, and the servants can ill . be spared. The ranks of female domestics have been depleted by the demands of com-" lricrce , and industry /in the-, United King-, dona, as compared with twenty, years ago," The .commission intends to deaj_ with .this matter in greater detail in -its final -re port. ' - "; ' family emigration. Dealing yvith the difficulty of family emi gration, the' commissioners state:— "The' parent are often, too old to settle. down comfortably. The man is , tempted to es tablish himself prematurely as' : a farm owner or tenant, but' ready made farms are not existent to any large -extent. Farming on . the share system is extending in Aus tralia, and is highly commendable. The organisation of family emigration will en tail considerable public expense before an ideal system is reached." The report also recommends the fuller use of the methods adopted at the Go- emment farm for boys at Pitt Town, Xew South Wales,' which is described as an admirable institution-. The opinion is also expressed that it is undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested . passage agents. A widespread feeling existed, which the commission considered justifi able, that misrepresentation was -not un common, though there had been few cases of actual fraud. retired indian' soldiers' The report continues:— "The possibility of making greater use of the British labor exchanges deserves close attention, par ticularly in -connection wit,H juvenile emi gration. The commission recommends the greater co-operation of the -home and Aus tralasian Governments regarding the emi gration of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whom are willing to go to Aus tralia and Xew Zealand and buy land. The saving which would be effected b.v direct immigration from Iifdia' would allow of considerable financial . assistance being given to such emigrants. The commission is favorably impressed with the German settlements of Queens land and South Australia, and the Danish, Swedish and Norwegian farmers of Vic toria. Such 'immigration would be aSvliole- sorae addition to Xew Zealand and south- em Australia." - shipping. services. Regarding the Suez Canal, the commis sion is impressed' with the capacity of'the canal to deal without undue delay with 15,000' ships; as against 5000 as at pre sent, provided certain traffic' regulations nrc observed. It is also impressed with the increasing ability of tlie canal to take vessels of deep draught. The canal would shortly be 30 feet deep, but the commis sion' was doubtful whether this was suffi cient to | provide for the necessities of a quick ocean service to Australia. The fact that .tlyi Panama Canal gives a deDth of 40 feet. 'weald accelerate the . already rapid increase in the size and draught of ocean carriers. harbors too hollow. The report, ' continuing, says:—' "It is doubtful whether the authorities of Aus tralia and Xew Zealand -harbors are pro- perly alive to the quick increase in draught which is in prosncct. The >ror>er standard is 40 feet. Excepting Sydney, Hobavt-, Wel lington and Auckland the harbor facilities arc considerably below the standard, and we cannot urge too strongly that the go- verning bodies of the ports should devote earnest consideration to' the problem of deepening harbors. ' ; overseas' mail service. "Any semi-automatic renewal of the mail contract, with, slight improvement as re gards speed and, conditions, and a slight decrease in cost, would be inadequate as the. solution of the problem, which needs to be handled on broader -lines, giving full consideration to all variants, particularly to the speed restrictions of Suez Canal There arc grave reasons to doubt the reality of competition, under the present arrangements. The continuance of a ouasi monopoly for a long period will nrobably be injurious to' the development of ship ping. as it removes the great incentive. I the construction of faster ships. - Xo ma' contract is satisfactory , which does not provide for a speed at soa considerably in excess of that of the, nnsubsidised lines. shippers' complaints. "The commission draws attention tr complaints that outward bills of ladip- are out of date, and unduly complicated in favor of the ship owners as agaiiy-.t cus tomers. Nevertheless evidence was found that many companies granted redres whioh they wore nqt 'legally compelled t- give. Evidence of the strength of the shipping ring in London was so great that combined action by the importers was of little avail." The report also draws attention to tt possibility of amending the United King dom law in order to bring it into line with the Australian ,Sea Carriage Act 1904\. . 1, :.v, cotton' industry. Regarding the efforts of the British Cot ton Growing Association to establish cot ton growing in the Commonwealth, the commissioners deny that experience has shown -that cotton can only be successful grown by black labor. , On the contrary, 75 per cent, of the labor, used was white. It was. possible that-tho Maltese would fur nish just the type of labor required, -It was estimated that cotton picking in Aus tralia cost 3d. per' lb., as against Ud. in tlic Southern States of. America. There was evidence that the quality of Australian cotton was such as to justify the expecta tion that a higher 'price 'would be- secured for it than for that from most of the recog- niserj, cotton countries. There was also the possibility of the cotton picking machine reducing the importance of the Australian labor factor, and.it should also be possible to organise small growers into an associa tion for picking cotton on the co- operative system. general observations. While admitting .that hides arc damaged by branding, the commission states that -the natural remedy is io differentiate tlic price between the hides .branded as the tanners suggest, and those branded as now recommended. More stringent regulations were necessary regarding glucose in leather.. The report also urges/that uniformity should fie secured' in the legislation and regulations regarding food and drugs. Aus tralian agricultural, mineral and forestry resources will bo treated in a fiiAii report, also inquiries, for bettor facilities for the handling of meat and fruit, upon which in vestigations are still proceeding. The com mission is making further inquiries into the /proposal for the- holding of inter-Im perial' exhibitions and the desirability of esttiViififiinE' an r Imperial development; board. , ' ,'j. - - , . , .' pacific - cable board criticised. . Tlie Commission-comments on the' -ano- moly; of the Commonwealth charging a terminal rate of 5d. per. word for messages transmitted by 'the Pacific cable. The charge, it considers, should be reduced to 2Ad. per word. .- "The Pacific Cable Board," the report continues, : "has '.not1 shown the enterprise which might reasonably have been ex pected from it. A laudable desire to abolish deficits has obscured its vision to larger and more urgent duties. To' spend £2,000,000 and then leave the zable com paratively idle for two-thirds of the day is not commercial, politic , or cornmon- scnsc." 