i HONORING TRAFALGAR DAY. THE POSITION SUMMARISED. The? news received to-day from the Allied front in France and Belgium is again of a very satisfactory kind. The capture of Courtrai and Roulers, in Belgium, is likely to have an important bearing on the future of the campaign, while elsewhere, in the face of fierce attacks by the enemy, especially in the vicinity of La Bassee, on the French border, the Allies have more than held their own. The Germans are pursuing their old tactics of, rapine and plunder, with the object of wreaking vengeance on the French and Belgians, while their skill at intrigue is being exercised in an attempt to buy over the Portuguese Royalists. Ex-King Manuel, it was stated some days ago. has volunteered to help the British forces., A report states that the Germans are formulating a plan for f dropping bombs on Buckingham Palace and other buildings in London, and that there is great activity among their aviators. The position on the east still continues good, and the Russians officially ' announce that they have beaten the Germans in another engagement in the vicinity of Warsaw. in Russia also the barbarous Germans have been devastating villages and laying waste fields in their line of march. The Russians, having driven the enemy back, are now taking the offensive. Trie bombard- ment of the Austrian part of Cattaro still continues. Trafalgar Day has been celebrated in an enthusiastic manner in London, but there have been no victories at sea to render this particular anniversary notable. On the other hand, the ubiquitous Emden has turned up again, and there is another long list of sunken merchant ships to be placed to her debut. The monitors bought by Great Britain from Brazil have been found very efficacious in the bombardment of the Germans on the Belgian coast. The casualties reported today include the capture of the Duke of Brunswick, son-in-law of the German Emperor, and the death of a son of Count von Moltke, the German Commander-in-Chief. The spy nuisance is still prominent, and with the object of guarding against it the British Government- have ordered the arrest' of all Germans and Austrians of an age making them liable to military service. Hundreds of aliens have been taken into custody throughout Great Britain, and the establishment of concentration camps is suggested. IN FRANCE AND BELGIUM. GERMANS BADLY BEATEN. ALLIES ADVANCE IN FLANDERS. BRITISH WAR SHIPS , ENGAGED. DUNKIRK, October 21. The Allies have expelled a force of 5,000 Germans from Bruges. A great success for the Belgians is reported from Roulers, in West Flanders, 24 miles south-east of Ostend, and about 18 miles from Bruges. The enemy have been driven back westward with considerable loss to Pittbein (11 miles north of Courtrai, a distance of nearly 20 miles. On Sunday a German commander ordered a numerically strong force, consisting mostly of youths under 20 years of age, to CLOSE the river Yser at all costs. They failed in the task, and the losses inflicted upon the/ are estimated at nearly 10 per cent of the whole number engaged. 'The British warships off the coast of West Flanders rendered great service by bombarding the Germans who were advancing upon Nieuport, 40 miles south-west of Ostend. (kennan troops posted in strong force at Lebizat, near Armentieres, a French, town nine miles west-north-west of Lille, made a desperate attempt to break through the Allied lines. This combat was begun with Street city at dawn, and the opposing forces were volleying and hammering at one another ceaselessly until mid-day. The Germans then appeared to be weak ending under the accurate and heavy artillery fire of the Allies, and eventually their position was stormed with the bayonet. In a fight between Ypres and Lille, 375 Germans have been captured. OLD MEN IN THE LANDWEHR. PARIS. October 21. A striking admission is made in a letter found upon a German prisoner, written by a friend of the man at Dusseldorf. The letter sutes:-"If you saw the volunteers in the Landwehr (second line army) who are now leaving for the front you would turn your head, for they are taking everybody. The last hope for very many is that, all the old men will become soldiers.'' PORTUGAL PREPARING. LONDON, October 21. Reuter's correspondent at Lisbon states that the Portuguese Royalists, with a view to pre at the Republican Government from assisting Great Britain in the war, distributed circulars at the military barracks, urging the troops not to obey the Government, order? for mobilisation. Sbghr. insurrections engcndcTod in this way, at Maffra and Braganza, have been crushed, and the preparations for war are proceed- ing actively, THREE VICTORIA CROSSES WON. LONDON, October -'I. The rJnee non-commissioned officers of L Battery of the Royal Horse Artillery, the sole survivors of one of the most heroic deeds of the war, in which a small remnant of Britishers, with magnificent coolness, bouffant .-. mud) stronger force of German field guns near Compiegne, silencing the enemy's cannon one by one, nave each been reciwMu ended for the award of the Victoria Cross in OTCogidtion of their valor. CIGARETTES AND TOBACCO. LONDON, October 21. The staff of interpreters in the British expeditionary forces, under Field- Marshal Sir John French, now number 000. Among many -big subscriptions now being raised for various objects is one for providing soldiers at the front with cigarettes and tobacco, which is being raised by Princess Mary, daughter of the King. Miss Catherine MacBride has received the to help in supplying the Australian contingent with these comforts. SPLENDID NAVAL SHOOTING. AEROPLANES DESTROYED. LONDON. October 21. A Press Association message from Belgium states that the British warships off the coast of West Flanders watched the German sappers digging trenches at night in the positions their troops were about to occupy. Assisted by the flames of the torch which the enemy were using the naval gunners were able to calculate the exact range. By daylight the German infantry were in the trenches, and the, ships shelled them, inflicting 1,600 casualties in one day. as well as wrecking six batteries of artillery. The first shot fired on Sunday destroyed a Taube aeroplane, and it is reported that one of the enemy's Zeppelins was brought down on Monday. VON MOLTKE'S SON KILLED. PARIS. October 22. Information has reached Paris that a son of Count Helmuth von Moltke, the Commander-in-Chief of the German army, has been killed during recent fighting on the borders of France. COURTRAI OCCUPIED. LONDON, October 22. The Allied forces have won a further success against the Germans in West Flanders, and have occupied the fortified town of Courtrai. This place is situated on the River Lys nine miles north-east by north of the French town of Tourcoing, and it has a population of over '6000 people. Its occupation followed as a result of the Belgian success at Pittliem. ' AFFAIRS AT ANTWERP. AMSTERDAM, October 21. The Germans have curtailed their garrison at Antwerp and have sent a large contingent of soldiers, with many machine guns, to the front to help in stopping the progress of the Allies. The water supply of Antwerp has been restored, the tramways in the city are again running, and more Belgians are returning to their homes. As a result of the German bombardment 150 houses have been absolutely destroyed, while many residences and business establishments were plundered during the absence of the owners. The churches, however, have not been damaged and the public buildings, except the law courts, have been almost completely spared. GERMAN MINES TAKEN., BORDEAUX, October 21. The French Council of Ministers to-day decided to confiscate the iron mines at Dielette, 11 miles from the naval harbor of Cherbourg, which belong to a German company, of which Herr Thyssen is the managing director. AUSTRIANS GO TO BELGIUM. LONDON, October 21. The correspondent of the London "Daily Chronicle" at Milan states that messages from Venice report that many of the Austrian troops who were massed on the | Italian frontier have been removed, ostensibly with the object of lighting the Runs trians and Servians. They are actually, however, being used to strengthen the German right wing in the neighborhood of the North Sea coastal towns. ENEMY AGAIN REPULSED. PARIS, October 21. A Paris communique issued to-day states that the attacks of the enemy have been particularly violent in the vicinity of Tien port, near the Belgian coast, and DixMude. 1.1 miles from Ypres. in Belgium, and of La Bassee. on the French border to the south-west of Lille. All these assaults have been vigorously repulsed by the Allies. There is no notable change to report elsewhere. BRIBING PORTUGAL. LONDON, October 21. The "Daily Mail" states that the Germans have assured the Portuguese Royalists that Germany will restore the monarchy if Portugal does not intervene in the war, ; and they have promised to give Germany a naval base in Lagos Bay. KAISER'S SON-IN-LAW MISSING. AMSTERDAM, October 21. The Kaiser's son-in-law, who was leading the Zieten regiment of Hussars on the French front, is missing and is believed to have been cut off and made a prisoner. The only daughter of the German Emperor, Princess Victoria and Louise, was married at Berlin on May 24, 1913, to Prince Ernest Augustus, Duke of Bruns- wick and Luneburg, who is a colonel in the Prussian Hussars. The Duke is a British prince and is 27 years old. DEVASTATION NEAR LILLE. . ? BOULOGNE. October 22. 'The destruction wrought during the war in the district near Lille is terrible. Some at the villages have been shelled by both armies until then: is scarcely a stone standing in them, and the inhabitants who were unable to get away died a terrible death. In one of the houses the Allies found- a whole family, consisting of seven people, lying dead. Five Hundred Germans Dead. At Eu retires not a habitable house remains. Five hundred German soldiers were found dead in the streets. The cartridges found on them were of the old Snider type. The Allies are digging themselves in near Lille (which is, occupied by the Germans, pending the arrival of reinforcements, which will enable them to push forward. GREAT BRITISH CAVALRY FEAT. LONDON, October 22. During an earlier battle, to the westward of Lille an aeroplane reconnaissance disclosed the fact that two regiments of Uhlans were bivouacked not far away. A battery of field artillery was moved to a position covering the road by which the Uhlans would have to escape, while the Allied infantry was sent forward to attack the camp of the Uhlans. The German sentries gave the alarm and the Uhlans galloped back into the ambush set for them. The artillery opened fire at a range of 200 yards with shrapnel and threw the Uhlans into a state of confusion. Two squadrons of British cavalry then finished them off. Three hundred of the Germans were killed and wounded, and many others were made prisoners. THIEVES, NOT SOLDIERS. PARIS, October 22. The Germans prepared long rows of miners' houses to the eastward of Lens (a town to the south-east of Bethune, in France for street lighting. The windows are protected by mattresses, and the walls are loopholed. During the bombardment of Arras 200 civilians were killed. Throughout the Lille region the Germans have abandoned strategy for pillage with the object of inflicting the greatest possible economic loss on the French population. VANDALISM IN BRUSSELS. PARIS, October 22. A party of German officers who had dined for three days in the King's palace in Brussels suddenly left the place after slashing the paintings and carpets and riddling the furniture with bullets. BOMBS FOR LONDON. PARIS, October 22. Visitors state that they saw 30 German airmen in a Brussels hotel inspecting a map of London, and marking on it the location of the Bank of England, the War Office, the Houses of Parliament, and Buckingham Palace. The aviation camp at Watchem includes six dirigibles. There are 500 railway trucks full of guns in the Brussels railway yards. SUCCESS NEAR RHEIMS. PARIS. October 22. It is reported that the French colonial troops have dislodged the Germans from the fort to the north and cast of Rheims. LUNATICS LET LOOSE. PARTS, October 22. After the sacking of Bailleul the Germans turned loose hundreds of lunatics from the great asylum there. The unfortunate imbeciles wandered over the country for days, suffering terribly from cold and bridger, and a number died. The French troops found many of their bodies in ditches. Many of the lunatics are still at B berry. A VIOLENT" BATTLE. PARIS, October 22. A communique issued at midnight states that a violent battle has raged throughout the day on the left wing of the Allies from the North Sea to Labassee. The Allies are holding their ground . everywhere. The situation elsewhere is unchanged. AN IMPORTANT CAPTURE. FIERCE FIGHT AT DIXMUDE. AMSTERDAM, October 22. j A contingent of 2.401) Hamburg sailors I has traversed Liege towards Antwerp, and also two Zeppelins. The capture by the Allies of Roulers. an important railway- centre, is a heavy handicap to the enemy's dispatch of troops to the front. Witnesses of the fighting at Dixmude state that the Germans, in withdrawing, suffered heavily from the bayonet, and that they abandoned thousands of their dead and wounded. The casualties of the Allies were also writes. Many of these injured remained un- the spot for fifteen hours, owing to the darkness, and upwards of 250 succumbed to their injuries. CYCLISTS AND CAVALRY. DUNKIRK, October 22. Both sides are using Large forces mounted on bicycles to occupy advanced posts. If these are attacked by cavalry the cyclists throw the machines in the middle of the road, where the spokes of the wheels form a perfect obstacle against the charging horses. The cyclists, who are sheltered in the hedges, then pick off the struggling horsemen at their leisure. GERMANS EXHAUSTED. LONDON, October 22. 'The '"'Daily Mail" correspondent at Flushing says the ti erina a position on the Belgian seaboard and in the vicinity of Bruges' and Ghent is becoming critical. The (Germans are still holding Westende and were bombarding Nieuport on Wednesday, but under the fire of 11 British warships the German line is falling short. The Germans at Ostend are sheltering behind houses on the dyke. Firing was heard at Bruges all day and was coming closer to the city. The railway viaduct at Cost camp has been blown up, and the German trains, filled with wounded, have been obliged to return to Bruges. The Germans appear to be exhausted. THE TAKING OF ROULERS. AMSTERDAM., October 22. The French Dragoons from Ypres, after expelling the remnant of the Germans, still left in Roulers, barricaded the streets and planted machine gun.- in the porches of the prominent houses. On Monday a large force of German from Ghent and Bruges iminitardeil also for the town after fierce fights in :.? t'crts, the French retiring in good orbit. 'our on Tuesday die French troops were being forced and the heavy fighting was renewed. Raiders was then retaken by the Allies-. HIGHLAND JUSTICE. PARIS, October 22. Some Highlanders, when reconnoitring in a village in the north of France, saw j fourteen German horses in a farmyard, They crept into the farmhouse, and found in an upstairs room a young woman tied to a bed in the presence of fourteen German soldiers. _ Swift punishment followed, and every German was bayoneted. MORE CANADIANS READY. OTTAWA. October 22. The bulk of the infantry required for the next Canadian contingent have been recruited. CIVILIANS LEAVE BRUSSELS AMSTERDAM, October 22. Two British sailors attempted to escape from Groningen, in the Netherlands, but were recaptured and sent to gaol by the commodore for a breach of honor. . 'An influential section of the German press has opened a campaign of hostility against Dr. von Bethmann Hollweg, the imperial Chancellor, describing him as a mere quill driver who seeks to rob the sword of the fruits of victory. The "Daily Telegraph" states that it has reliable information that the German commander of Brussels has notified the German inhabitants to leave the town within 48 hours. This is interpreted to mean that the military authorities are unable to guarantee the uninterrupted occupation of the city by civilians. LORD KITCHENER AND GENERAL JOFFRE. The following telegrams have passed between Lord Kitchener and M. Mille and, the French Minister of War The French War Minister to Lord Kitchener. Bordeaux, September 7, 1914. I am pleased to transmit you the following telegram which General Joffre requests me to send to- you: "The Commander-in-Chief of the French armies expresses to Lord Kitchener his warm thanks, for the constant support given to our armies by the British forces during the whole course of operations At the present moment the support is most valuable, and is manifested in a very energetic manner in the action now engaged against the German right wing." "I am expressing my entire gratitude to Field-Marshal French, who has always lent to our armies the most effective col- laboration.'' allow me, in the name of the Government, to join the expression of my gratitude to that of the General-in-Chief. Lord Kitchener to the French War Minister. September 3, 1914. 'Pray accept and transmit to General Joffre my most sincere thanks for the telegram that you have had the kindness to address to me. I ask you to believe, and to cause General Joffre to be told, how- content the British army is to find itself collaborating with the French army, and' how proud we are of the worthy task of bringing to them the support of which you speak so generously, and upon which you can always rely with full confidence. Kitchener. CAMPAIGN IN THE EAST. GERMAN BARBARISM. RUSSIANS INCENSED. LONDON, October 21. The "Daily Chronicle" war correspondent, telegraphing from Grodno, between Petrograd and Warsaw., reports that be join the ed through the East Prussian fighting line recently. The Germans, he de states, have wantonly devastated villages everywhere They have burnt houses, besides pillaging and smashing the furniture. The churches have invariably been gutted and defiled. Piteous tales are related concerning the shooting of villagers and out rages. upon women and girls. The Russian qualities were 'so incensed by these stones that when they took the German trenches at Bringalbert at the point of the bayonet they shouted as they fought, "Come and try it with us, on Germans!'' Splendid Bayonet Charge Many "Siberian troops are at Yuwalki, ~~> miles north west of Grodno, and the correspondent says they bore the brunt of the fighting at Augustuo, near that place. Some of them marched 40 miles, starting at midnight, and then went into action at his good lins fight aided li in a haven't a charge. of which the regiments- are still treasurer the 6 ei in an troops dug them selves ju with their usual thoroughness the trent best were 25 ft deep, with earth works in front, and were zigzagged as a pi i caution against-! enfilading By the Rus- sians. CATTARO UNDER FIRE. ROME:, October 22. The violent bombardment of Cattaro by their French and Montenegrins continues-. Nine of the forts are under fire from the French guns. An Austrian airship dropped bombs into a French ship, wound- ing a few men. SERVIANS DEFEAT AUSTRIANS. NISH. October 22. The Servians have repulsed! various Austrian attacks on their DOM lion neat Nontchevo, Eminovo. and Belgrade. The Servians inflicted, heavy losses on the treaty. GREAT BATTLE IN POLAND. GERMANS ROUTED. PETROGRAD, October 22. An official dispatch from headquarters states that the German troops occupying the roads to Warsaw, to the northward of the River Pass a, have been repulsed and utterly routed. They abandoned their wounded in their flight and also vacated the positions prepared for their advance. The Russians are taking the offensive with great vigor along the whole front. The enemy continues to resist the Russian advance to the south of the Pilita River. The Russians, however, occupied a secure position on the left bank of the Vistula. THE WORK ON THE SEA. TRAFALGAR DAY HONORED. AUSTRALIANS REMEMBERED LONDON, October 21. 'File lOfti anniversary of Trafalgar Day was celebrated with enthusiasm throughout Great Britain to-day. Many wreaths, ' bearing the names of the British warships recently lost, and including among them the ill-fated Australian submarine 124, and the vessels sacrificed in the dangerous duty of sweeping the sea for mines, were laid at the base of the Lord Nelson Column in Trafalgar-square. % Speech by Sir George Reid. Sir George Reid (High Commissioner for? Australia), who presided, said Nelson saved England from a real Napoleon. There had been some sham Napoleons since. There is one to-day. Great Britain and her Allies are fighting for the right of all nations the strong and the weak-to dwell together in peace and amity, without fear of 'a brutal conquest. Australia's fleet holds all the southern seas for Great Britain, and many thousands of her best and bravest are voyaging across the ocean to fight beside the British and their Canadian comrades. A touching and magnificent spectacle is the "loyal devotion of India g 200,000,000 people. " The fame of Belgium, in spite of her ruined shrines and her de- filed homes," stands in the world's regard upon the highest pinnacle of all. Confidence in the Allies. Mr. McKenzie (High Commissioner for New Zealand) moved a resolution that a message be sent to the Military Commander-in-Chief and the officers and men of the Grand Fleet expressing their confidence in the British, and Allies and in their fleets, and their earnest wishes for their very early and complete triumph over the enemy. CELEBRATION IN CAPETOWN. CAPE TOWN, October 22. Trafalgar Day was celebrated by a thanksgiving and intercession service in, Cape Town Cathedral. The Naval Cadets marched in procession, carrying the flags of the Allies and a banner bearing the words of Nelson's prayer on the eve of the battle. A RECKLESS SUBMARINE. DANISH WARSHIP ATTACKED COPENHAGEN, October 22. A foreign submarine, which, unobserved, had reached the non territorial waters between Zeeland and Pullen, on the Swedish coast, at the entrance of "The Sound,"' discharged two torpedoes at a Danish suez marine, which was running on the surface. The vessel was not struck by the missile, but the torpedo was washed ashore and blew up. The Danish Government has requested belligerents to be more careful in future. Later news states that a German submarine, when twelve miles off the Norwegian coast, sank the Leith steamer Clitus, 256 tons, by opening her bottom valves, after ordering the crew to take to the boats'. BOMBARDING GERMANS. BRITISH MONITORS. LONDON, October 21, 11.26 pm. Monitors armed with JB in. guns, together with scouts and torpedo boats, left port hurriedly on Saturday. Firing was heard to commence on Sunday, and the fleet returned on Monday with seven . men on board who had been wounded by shrapnel fire. Another account states that the British. War ships operating on the Belgian coast ere the armored monitors which were purchased from Brazil at the outbreak of the war, each drawing less than 9 ft. of water. They can thus approach very close to the coast, and can operate in comparatively;, shallow rivers. REMARKABLE MONITORS. LONDON, October 22. The three monitors used by the British during the bombardment of the German troops on the Belgian coast were built by Messrs. Vickers, Son, and Maxim at Barrow on Furness, for river work in Brazil. They are remarkable products of British naval design. Their displacement is 12230 tons. They have an armor belt, and speed is sacrificed to shallow draught. They only steam 18 knots an hour. . NELSON EVERYWHERE HONORED. LONDON, October 21, 7.35 p.m. Thousands of people were during every. hour to-day filing past the Nelson column in Trafalgar Square. The wreath, of Admiral Jellicoe, the' naval commander in chief, was most prominent among (the memorials. The celebrations were unparalleled in their fervor. The flags of the Allies, were (lying everywhere, British, French, Belgian Russian, and Servian ensigns being intermingled. The demonstration was the more moving In its character because it was quite of an reorganised kind. Thousands of persons visited Nelson's tomb in the crypt of Saint Paul's Cathedral, while other demonstra- tions in his honor were held on board his flagship Victory at Portsmouth. Altogether 201 cities and towns throughout Great Britain formally hoisted the flags of the Allies. Addresses were delivered on the navy and his work at all the leading public and primary schools. Continued on Next Page. Continued from Page 7. NAVY LEAGUE MEETING. LONDON, October 21. A crowded meeting of the Navy League was held in the London Opera House, at which each of the Allied Powers was represented. Admiral Lord Charles Beresford was the principal speaker, and his address was the most eloquent and stirring. AN AMERICAN PROTEST. Mr NEW YORK, October 22. The State Department has protested against the seizure of the oil steamer John D. Rockefeller, which was captured off the Orkneys. The protest declares she was never under a foreign registry. and was bound from New York to Copenhagen. MERCHANT STEAMER SUNK. LONDON. October 22. The captain of an English carter saw the Irish steamer Cormorant sink in the North Sea, and it is supposed she struck a mine. The captain believes a torpedo boat he noticed leaving the spot took off the crew. ." SPLENDID MARKSMANSHIP.) 9 - DUNKIRK, October 22. The monitors sent by the British. against ; the Germans on the Belgian coast showed beautiful marksmanship. They utterly destroyed Skype, situated between Ostend and 'Nieuport, which was strongly held by the enemy, blowing bits off the house occupied by the German headquarters staff. The Germans shot a British signaller, who was giving directions from a stationary balloon. THE ELUSIVE EMDEN SIX MORE BRITISH VESSELS SUNK OR CAPTURED. LONDON, October 21, 6 p.m. A message just received at Lloyd's from their Colombo agent, states that the elusive German cruiser Emden, has sunk the British steamers Chilkana, Trollies, Benmohr, Clan Grant, and the dredger Ponrabbel which was bound for Tasmania, and has captured the steamer Exford.' The Emden was operating in a zone 150 miles south-west of Cochin, a town and port on the Malabar coast of southern India, about 600 miles south of Bombay. The Benmohr is a steel screw steamer of 4,880 tons, owned by W. Thompson and Co., Leith. The Clan Grant, 1,943 tons, is the property of Cayzer, Irvine, and Co., her port -of register being Glasgow. 'Lite Exfud, 1,52 tons, belonged to the Tatem Stein. N.-.v.gr.tion (_.. mpany, Czar life. The tonnage of the other vessels is not given. A FRIENDLY . ITALIAN. LONDON. October 21. Captain Giacapello, , of the Italian steamer Loredano. warned the captains of several British vessels, and thereby saved them from capture by the German cruiser Emden in the Bay of Bengal some weeks ago. In appreciation of his act on Lo iii Carmichael, the Governor of Bengal, has presented Captain Giacapello with a v Gold watch, and has also suitably rewarded members of the crew. ' EMDEN'S PREVIOUS COUP. The last definite news previously cabled regarding the deportation of the destructive cruiser Emden was received at the end of September, when it was officially reported in London that the enemy's cruiser which had a few days previously shelled M'edias. had made a sucessful raid among British trading craft In the Indian Ocean. Within a few days the armies -and the clearness Pumeric. King Lud (VRC tins), Ribera '(3500 tons), and Foyle (4,117 tons), and captured the collier Buresk. The I r rews of-all the vessels were transferred to the steamer Drysdale which landed the men at Colombo on September 29. A prior raid was made by the Emden among British merchantmen in the Bay of Bengal. and the victims then were the indus (2,110 tons), Lovat (3,901), Killin (2,2.77), Diplomat (4870), Trabback-(2,935), Clan Matheson 13,053), and Ivumeiic (4.500). Rumors were not long since current among tea traders representing Colombo houses in London, that the Emden had been sunk by two Japanese cruisers, and a later statement was to the effect that she had entered a neutral port in the Dutch East Indies, and had been interned. The report of her latest raid, however, shows that the rumors had no foundation I in fact. GUARDING AGAINST SPIES. HUNDREDS OF ARRESTS. WELL-KNOWN MEN TAKEN, LONDON, October 21. The rounding up of alien enemies of military age has been continued to-day, when 200 guests of Austrians and Germans were made in London. Hundreds of aliens were also arrested in Manchester, including several well-known men. The "Star'' publishes an unconfirmed re- port stating that the authorities have decided to send all aliens of German and Austrian birth, between the ages of 17 and 50 years, into concentration camps. A COMPREHENSIVE ORDER. LONDON, October 22. The Home Office have ordered the arrest of all German and Austro-Hungarian residents of Great Britain between the age of 17 and 45 years. The "Star"' states that these aliens-; are to be placed in concentration camps. OUTRAGE IN MONTREAL MONTREAL. October 22. A bomb exploded to-day and killed two Austrians and one woman, while the injured numbered 24. The outrage was the outcome of racial feuds engendered by the war. AN INSPECTOR SHOT. VANCOUVER. October 22. Mr. Hopkinson, an immigration inspector, who was active in preventing the land- ing of the Komasmata Mara's immigrants, was shot dead by a Hindu in the Vancouver Courthouse to-day. RUSSIA PUTS DOWN DXDff. GREAT MORAL VICTORY. SACRIFICES £90,000,000. LONDON, October 21. Much comment has been caused in England by the magnanimous action of the Czar of Russia in sacrificing a revenue amounting to £90,000,000 annually, obtained from the Government spirit monopoly. His Imperial Majesty recently ordered the permanent cessation of the Government sale of alcohol owing to the remarkable diminution of crime which followed the temporary prohibition after the outbreak of the war of the sale of spirits throughout the Empire. The "Westminster Gazette" says that such a circumstance could hardly happen except in Russia. The "Pall Mall Gazette" remarks that war has even a victory elsewhere than on the battlefield. RUSSIA'S CURSE. Already (states the Petrograd correspondent of the London "Times") the prohibition of alcohol, now extended to the conclusion of the war, points to one of the obvious paths of national rebirth. The war against drunkenness occupies only less space in the papers than the war against Germany and Austria. And this curse of Russia has undoubtedly been dealt a staggering blow. A Russian who has just returned from the wilds of the Novgorod province, far from railways, gives an interesting account of the attitude of the peasantry towards the war and the action of the Government in prohibiting the sale of alcoholic drinks. "I stopped,"' he says, "at a little inn on the high road, and ordered tea and something to eat. Some marks were there, discussing their own affairs over their tea- pots. The Lord be thanked all Russia is happy now.' said 'one. I was interested to know why. and was told in a surprised tone, Why, they've shut the drink shops, and all our men are as rey checked as the lasses now.' After a while, when I had finished eating, these peasants crowded round my table, and. putting a sheet of paper before me. said, 'Write.' It seems they thought it a good opportunity to get a letter written to the Emperor, and I was to do it. What did they want to say? Well, of course, they thought, as I could write, 1 must know precisely what they wanted to say, as is usual with our illiterates. It appeared that they wanted to petition the Little Father' to keep the drinkables shut till the war was over. I ventured to explain that the Government derived an enormous income from the sale of drink, and that the money was more than ever necessary when making war. " We know that,' was the answer; you just write that in place of drink we will pay five rubles (100) apiece.' ,. 'Better than an income tax, said 1. Nay, nay, that's none of our business, said the peasants, you just write what we tell you-five rubles apiece-and. when that's spent we can pay five rubles apiece again.' '"Till we smash the-adjective;-'Germans,' added another. And the good fellows honestly believed that all Russia would pay up like one man for that object."' GENERAL WAR CABLES. LONDON. October 21. Despite American advices concerning a weaker demand, the wheat market in London is steady, and prices are unchanged. CONFIDENCE IN GREAT BRITAIN. LONDON. October 21. Tenderers who offered to take Imperial Treasury bills to the extent of £15,000,000, with a currency of six months, at £93 100, have received 30 per cent, of the amount which they agreed to take. The applications for the Treasury bills totalled £13,000,000. The Government are paying 3 per cent, interest. The issue of the bills has had very little effect on the discount market. POINCAIRE HONORED. LONDON, October 22. Al. Poincare, President of the French Republic, has accepted the position of Lord Rector of the Glasgow University. AN INDIAN PRINCE, LONDON. October 22. His Majesty the King to-day granted an audience to the Gaekwar of Baroda, one of the principal Indian Princes, who has offered his services and given valuable help to the British army in the present war. JAPAN'S WORK. BRITAIN'S THANKS. Melbourne, October 22. A cable message from the High Commissioner, under date London, October 21, 550 p.m., states: The Admiralty communicates the following telegram The Admiralty to the Minister of Marine, Tokio's desire, on behalf of the British Admiralty and the Royal Navy to express, at this crucial stage of the war, our deepest sense of the efforts and energy with which the Japanese navy is sustaining the cause of their ally. Apart from the great object of the extermination of the main German base in the' Pacific, the Japanese squadrons are every- where giving us help, invaluable in character, in the protection of trade, the search for the enemy's ships", and the convoy of troops to the decisive theatre of con- flict." Japan's Reply. The Minister of Marine, Tokio, to the Admiralty "On behalf of the Imperial Japanese navy, I tender my warmest thanks for your sincere cordial message, and assure you that it is a matter of the utmost satisfaction to us both that perfect harmony and understanding exists every- where between the two allied navies, which strikes the true note, of the main object of the compact, and winds will tend to hasten the attainment of the ultimate goal.'' THE EMDEN'S EXPLOITS. Melbourne, October 22 British warships co-operated with " the main forces on the Belgian coast. Sir George Reid telegraphed from London on October 21, at 3.30 p.m. Reliable The British steamers Chilkana, Troilce, Renmohr, Chin Grant, and a dredger bound for Tasmania, were sunk by the Emden, which captured the Exford 150 miles south-west of Cochin. RUSSIAN SOLDIERS. RESERVISTS ON "LEAVE. The relative situations of Germany and Russia after a month of war (wrote the Petrograd correspondent of the London "Times" under date August 29 are admirably shown in the contrast between German action in summoning as auxiliary troops all schoolboy-' over sixteen and Russia's granting six weeks leave to the reservists of 1907 term of service. These have been with the colors at various depots, brushing up their military knowledge according to the latest practice, and the men worked with such goodwill that it was found possible to allow them to return to their homes for a nominal term of six weeks, to be ready to rejoin at the first call. One of these whom I met says that the men of his year too. the permission grudgingly, but the older men were less indignant at losing their chance, of slaying the hated German. Russia can thus, in the heat of a hard fought war, afford to let something like half a million mobilised reservists go home again. It means more than merely sparing their services for a time, though that is much in war. Such action proves the temper of the men, for no commander ever let.! his men go when they have once been mobilised unless he is perfect rly cousin 'Pt that they will turn up smiling the moment they are recalled. A Cossack Hero,. The Cossack hero, Kuzma Kriuchkoff, who received eleven wounds in an outpost affair against the Germans, and. attract- ing the special attention of the Emperor? while in hospital at Moscow, petitioned to be allowed to return to his regiment, his arrived at Vilna on his way to the front. He, is almost recovered, and was the recipient of a tremendous ovation at ft" raj way- station. Nine of his wounds were in the back, but these are to the dishonor of the Germans. His account of the affair, in reply to sympathetic expressions, was:-? "'Wounds! I don't call these wounds. Wiry, Germans don't know how to light. Five of us fellows, leading horses, were creeping through a little wood, feeling for a German patrol, when suddenly twenty seven of them were on us, Uhlans with an officer. We jumped into the saddle, and when they came for the ten' of their, including their officer, made for me. I warded off the main blows as best I could with a carbine, till the officer slit up Try arm, and my carbine dropped. "I took my sabre, and slashed it the nearest, but the blow glanced off, and" I struck a second time at his back as he passed, but again no luck, and in my rage I got in a third blow which took his head off. The rest were at me with their lances. I got his lance of one, and just then the Germans turned to run. There was a dog behind them, and I got every one of my little lot. I never knew I was hurt till I had stuck the last of them, but I had to go to the hospital. However, I am now off to stick some more with their own lances. I've got that lance are now." Part of the story, which he does not tell for to the Cossack modesty is second nature, as inevitable as breathing-is the admirable feat of horsemanship that made it possible successfully to encounter ten clumsy foes at once. The man, severity two years of age, is" a splendid figure of a soldier of the peculiar In the, sinewy. Cossack type. He is wearing the amber and black ribbon of the George for valor, which carries a special pension. SACRAMENTUM SUPREMUM. (By Henry Newbolt, in the "Times.") We that with me leave fought and failed and fought To the last desperate trench of battle's crest, Not yet to sleep, not yet; our work is nought; On that last trench the fate of all may rest. Draw near, my friends: and let your thoughts be high; Great hearts are glad when it is time to give: Life is no life to him that dares not (be, And death no death to him that dares to live. Draw near together; none be Let or first; We are no longer names, but one desire; With the same burning of the soul we thirst. And the same wine to-night shall quench our fire. Drink' to our father? who begat us men, To the dear voices that are never dumb; Then to the land of all our loves and then To the long parting, and the age to come. S THERE A SPY IN THE SERVICE? MR. OWEN SMYTH TAKEN TO TASK. In the House of Assembly on Thursday the leader of the Opposition (Mr. Vaughan) read a statement made by the Superintendent of Public Buildings (Mr. C. E. Owen Smyth), at a meeting on the previous evening as follows-We know as clearly as any man can know, without being in a position to prove it. that there is one man in South Australia who has sent information to the Government at Berlin of value to them, and that man is in the employ of the Government of South Australia to- day." Mr. Vaughan asked if the Premier had seen Mr. Owen Smyth. and ascertained what the truth of the matter was. The Premier (Hon. A. H. Peake) replied that he had read the statement and had been rather struck with the peculiarity of it. Mr. Denny It is characteristic. Mr. Peake replied that it seemed characteristic of their VOIT loyal cent Verna n. who seemed to have boiled over in the exuberance of his loyalty A quality not to be discounted was loyalty, but if the remarks attributed to Mr. Owen Smyth were correct, he thought the officer had been indiscreet. He asked hon. members, however, not to be hasty of judgment, as immediately upon seeing the report he had sent for an explanation by Mr. Owen Smyth. Mr. Denny asked if it would be possible to pass a small Act during the present session preventing public servants like Mr. Owen Smyth from talking through their hats. The Premier did not know whether it would be necessary to pass a measure to prevent Mr. Owen Smyth from talking. He was afraid there were other officers in the department who should be dealt with for being disloyal to the Government by giving information to others outside the service. Mr. Blundell stated that the Chief Secretary had admitted that a large number of people of German birth were at present employed in the Civil Service who had failed to take out naturalisation papers. He asked what action the Government intended to take. The Premier said the matter had been before Cabinet on Tuesday last. The policy of the Government was that any- one in the Civil Service who had been in the Commonwealth long enough to enable him to do so, must become naturalised. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Jackson asked if the Government had any idea of the identity of the person- to whom Mr. Owen Smith had referred. The Premier stated that the Govern- mental had no information or suspicion as to who the person was. It was rather a mythical case altogether. The man know for a certainty, but he had no proof. . (Laughter.) Mr. Denny He sees visions and dreams. (Laughter.) The Premier said the statement was something like the allegations of some of the members opposite. (Laughter.) GERMANS IN AUSTRALIA. LEGISLATOR FAVORS PRECAUTIONS. , Melbourne, October 22. In the Legislative Assembly to-day Mr. Bayles drew attention to the measures adopted in Canada and other Dominions of the Empire to prevent acts of espionage by German residents, and asked whether effective police precautions were being taken in Victoria. They were, he said, greatly shocked at reports of the treatment of Australians in Germany. The bank business of a Sydney resident had been collared. There where German institutions in the city, and the police were guarding them against British violence. It was well known that in the early stages of the war there were a large number of illicit wireless plants in use in Australia, and some were in operation now. Very little was being done to protect the Empire against Germans in Australia. They should he treated with the stern, hand of justice, especially in view of the treatment of the British clubs and the British Embassy in Berlin. (Hear, hear.) Mr. McCutcheon said that unless a German was naturalised and showed some signs of loyalty he should be watered. Mr. Prendergast Is there any virtue in 'art-minute naturalisation? The Chief Secretary said if Germans were holding secret meetings at which to conspire against British power they must be. put down with a firm hand. He was not one to adopt methods adopted in Ger There. 'and if anything was done" that would make Germans a menace to Australia the people would confiscate not only their property, but their lives. Many of the statements made in Melbourne about Germans being in possession of wireless plants were unfounded. A TASMANIAN DREDGE. Launceston, October 22. The sinking of the dredger Ponrabbel by the German cruiser Emden will mean considerable delay in carrying out the Tamar improvement scheme, which provides for the expenditure of nearly half a million. The dredger, which cost between £30.000 and £40,000. was of the latest type. She was built in the Clyde, and it was intended to send her via the Cape, but the Admiralty and a set! that the Canal route was fine The dredger was insured at war' risk.' The Marine Board had paid £22,(0 on her. Everything would have been ready for the elredger_to start work. She left Barry on August 22, and was expected here early in December. It has been suggested" that a dredger should be borrowed from Melbourne in order that the work might be carried on, is proposed, until a new dredger is available. PRESS CENSORSHIP. The censorship of any s s published in mc press is the eel reason why certain matters have not. been referred to in Hit A di craft during di past few days Uc the skirt only four te out here to make tills s itel lent C li It FOR THE IM WIRY On June day afternoon, at the Morphett- ville can n I in drum was i r wanted to tie 1' the infantry, tout li Australians I predict n n 1 needs Master Y C Mil Jti of D i In it h who < affected the needs a MU If I Is M IJ 1 1 till ltttlV t' tile It is the r reef co of the troop m p h until t ml c 1 Ala ter Allner who is only 4 years of the Lhc t much city was left ill i company flag from Messrs I I ents Mr. hill at. 2 of The drum and I it is hoped form the nucleus- of the reign j m nial by class WA 1 I MP! 0 I S A OLLNIELR JACK FOR ALARM -AT KA ILL TO trams ideas die ded it in the Hill of John Kelly a union that all I um i ed in a v i > have been til I Is it too! and my co volun car for I that w i he felt onary lost s I i 1 b j i I h still one i e when Pier VITI men to pay his fee c "I am and at evening it is > a d i s t . til ii of c are at it t mean' n of ie via In has a, pi i Italy d sided at a suth employ all be i List of ed in it so I t on the ji id pi or M joining the rest s DOWN. AMI li THE GERMAN FLAG Clare October 21 An unrehearsed mci Itnt occurred at at show It is to do Till pavilion was decor- tried with 1 tints, of v Innes and a id it appears that a number of the mallee has had been stab ed previously for a tin of all nations of- something or the fail me! in making wine the committee is id to do a trip in flag among the rest It w t not until after the car we! had to tered the pavilion that it was not ted a mum t I" n in around as the little German fig was son lying alonside i Un on lit His dog was well out or rather, meal for a time no one could get at it I lately I venture once Australia after 1 noel in over Fonte or the flower , exhibit reached me! pulled down to the main st d light of the crowd a WHEN THE CABLE WAS I CUT. GLRAL\2\S TOOK W Brisbane, October 22 An account of the partial destruction of the c bb station at Fanning 1 land by the ( camps reached Brisbane today from a member of the cable staff Mr Stuart 'smith He stated that the Germans be sides blowing up portion of the station I -am sure inn is the instrument! nth axes took about 17 10s in gold and starts s They blew up the tables where they entered I then the, old main about a mile out to sea PATRIOTIC FUNDS Sydney October 22 The v none Patriotic Funds now total £300,000 AA AGES M) TUT WVR 1 Melbourne October 22 3 During the proceedings of du in the appeal of the employers against the de- Dion it true Coaimer rd Glen 9 st wages Board! in respect or w tics and condi- ions of work, Alf Lewis?, who were en ted the employ , corps led whether Mr Justice C i sen could take juice is none of this act hit there was a general depression caused by the war and is due again The portion has been resign 11 by the deep } pre ment of the 1 Aden! Arabia is ion Court who had adjourned one bl., co. e in order that time should be given or conditions "o in pi o e His Honor I cannot the judicial notice of fish in letters Council urged In t if the employers had to pay 1 sign rates it would be, measured, to you further employment of four full price It would be desirable in LIIC court would take into consideration the w lo portion i it existed His Honor said conn it could still even date on that phase of the matter V '»Tr-iAfEP-FrROUBIE" shell region October 22 The steamer 1 line arrived it "tutHind from the rate in Paris this morning. On one occasion she had a narrow escape of meeting with me in" my trouser V Ger m n w airship cal chat in island in the Society group in which the Talune was dust, and made enquiries when the thing was ex vessel The information imported was not quite accurate with the result that the s either never time within the danger ire r The Talune aimed it Riratorga on September -J and was due at Murtoa on October ' On the night of October 2 the wireless oper itor intercepted a car animation between German cruisers I within a ' hundred mile radius The 1 Time too for d each to Rn along at top speed Mil sequently the team"! is one tied bet list of it and dry without incident HOW GERMANY TREATS PRISONERS. ENGLISH BOY IN BLACK A'VPIv I amongst the 1 Englishmen in Germany was a war broke out vio a lad of 17 Led in by was the son of well to do parents at Aberdare in W lies And if by his later studies F each in Paris for a month-- went, to Struan to an item t its language there Vista the war broke it out to win me tell and quickly became a quizzed with German culture, is a t rate of in the treatment of prisoners <?>£ war who e only offence was their BE is in action they Hu indignities li which the youth was subjected at both detailed in a letter is marred to -Bungil home to the pier I think bathe medium of - epithet c line near lady V top of this letter received in Wiltshire yesterday states - On and iv August 2 I was arrested as a a spent and spent the night in K I/in., person (in the Bob nor is it) On Ali not if I was not free of the advice of the police in Suhl 0 i "W Wednesday hearing of the declaration of war I decided to pass forward to th telle t I a i n Consul at vanity it; was arrested is a spy have er by the soldiers of the 21st Rain again Infantry Regiment in Subiaco after being accused of being a liar thoroughly searched and bovine my cycle practically rained 1 spent a few hours in Butzbach prison and was then a camp used by a gendarme by tram to Nurnberg where I aimed at midnight on \\.J2ust 4 After being handed over to the s riders, and sleep a couple of hours in the barrack,- I was hauled' out it 2 6 a m (on Thursday and requested the police watch being taken in li accuse 1 w is here force! to he in i eel' on hard boards (no pretence it i best) In the meantime in sleep was distilled 1% the i House ng of the gendarmes who called me i ill Mr lain and of forth without being given a single piece of bread to eat until 10 30 a re , when f has removed to the Father's The c I met other Inch Times in a similar 'hour is no means so bad a plight and was fairly well treated for the day After having my photograph taken and finger prints regis seemed I was rumored in Black Maria to the convict pilots We remained ther c 1st of us (five 1 right h and the Pole ) an hour -standing" in silence in a room and li vine, our Vlhintt arrived at by t ii " gendarme - Then we were taken back Pathe b in her jostled about for half an hour and once more conveyed to the prison We were forced to death under police upon ion and dressed in convict clothes solitary confinement and vulgarity on the part of the warners followed from Thurs day evening until Sunday morning when we were it free I am now obliged to report myself every second day at the Rathaus, but will -shortly obtain a pass kick to Suhl through the good grace 0e the Vu encan Consul It is evident this did not come off as the next letter dated August 22 is still front Nurnberg although under met a better car came face I do not know how or when you will get this letter which I gave over into the hands of friends American lady I have no idea when md how I get back to the most] her and but all things: must work together for good You might c we publicity to parts of this letter to show how civilised Cluusti to Germany treats a boy of 17 who only fault is his nation nations' by May God be with us all BISMARCK HATED ENGLAND One of the extracts from the diary kept by Li Hung Chang the famous Chinese states man, during his visit to Europe many years ago r late- that Prince Bismarck who was then Chancellor of Germany told him that the time was coming when Ger- mann would dominate Europe Bismarck asked - England realises that a conflict with a Power nearly her own equal will make her undoing' and he went on to me,., I hate these boastful Englanders * GUARDSMEN'S EXPLOIT. STORY or officeRS BARING I -sAMPl to SENTRIES ASLEEP ON A BRIDGE. A folkestone telegram or August 27 to the London Daily News states A captain's I sergeant of the Dragoon Guards who were taken prisoners by the Germans after being wounded in a hot enagement at Addresses landed and ill be one from Ostend to-day., They had made the plane flown A. convent has I it £1 in with told were placed by the Germans crossed 500 miles of country occupied by the enemy, and got safely through all their outpo t Then dawns even less is the sergeant acknowledged was due entirely to the sk 11 of the captain in st but as I heard the story related in stale fact language by the ACC a fine as human He told it quite casually ia i it were in ordinary enough adventure Get many Bags of Monti Vter 'sawing at Mons and Tournai he was wounded at Audience He took refuge in a peasant house where he ft and about 20 others wounded comrade The Germans started to shell the la e, he nd and we all took refuge in the cell is The old Belgian woman to a horn the pi ice by longed would not keep quiet Presently the Germans entered tie in %t and came straight to the house ' Inev In ole in the door with some nice I saw the butts coming through the panel and as they burst in the door I held up in hands-ther-> was nothing el t to do A German soldier came it are met though he must have seen that I was wounded he loved JUS rifle by the breech and came for me I received the blow on my forearm it was meant for my held 1 non the old woman made a bolt for the window One of our chap-, tried to set p her He got a bayonet through his hand. The old woman is as shot We were all taken prisoners They searched me and took away all my money I late been read Germans on the field with bags of money found their neck len Hours Behind a Hede ' W ita the rest of the wounded I was taken to a convent inside the German line T round my own captain there He had been found unconscious on the field V shrapnel shell had exploded in front of 1 m and the fumes had sent him off. He had a slight wound on the forehead from the shrapnel They cut the content unguarded being confident I suppe e, that we could not see pipe through the lines We had been there a day or two when we saw them sending up a guard lins the time to eat pipe it we are going to said the captain W git out without difficulty and by or 10 hours in ambush behind a Trade often we set out to get through their lives The cant in had a camp or the country and i damaged pair of compasses which we patched up with dough The map enabled him to know exactly iv i ere we were We lay low all day and travelled by night covering 27 mile each night by crawling almost flat and running bent almost d ii ble when we found coin Vu. had no sleep for 48 hour Often we had to make a lone, de tom to sit in their out-, posts or swampy ground "We went over all i iv embankments and through cutting and twice we had to cross canals The Capt was Scoutcraft 'Once we attempted to swim, but found her clothes too heavy to carry so we made for a bridge It was guarded by 25 Ger mine We crept up to within 10 or 20 yards and then the captain made in his in" round We la and listened, but there was no rep v Creeping nearer, we made the sound again still there was no response by c time still nearer and looked up very care lull The sentry on our side of the bridge was asleep Wre crept past him and over the bridge The whole guard was asleep The second time we crossed the canal was by i j on toon which they had left in a, orded Once we got clear of their lines we had no further difficulty The Belgians iss ted Us ill they could to get to Ostend We found everywhere great nations of the drain brutality They had burnt down b is- s whenever the people had no money or food to fence them " The sergeant was going direct to Tad it rich to his depot He wants to return to get his own back ' The captain went to the War Office to report India TAisihei » Adventure Other area is to-d ii included a cor por ii of the lush Parishes, who escaped by the assistance of a coin pigeons Frenchwoman who concealed him in a cellar for three days while a huge force of Germans -made three army tors passed through the street i wye He listened to the ceaseless tramp i tr 27 hours feeling his heart pumping in his throat ' last they should search the house I se ping from the cellar in civ dun clothes he was captured by five Uhlans but a small British pain attacked them and in the fight he escaped into a field of maize and remained concealed Later n I rench schoolgirl of li guided him aero s country to St Pol where he fell in with the other four and they came to Boulogne together THE HAVRE I ST MOON By William Watson in the Daily New- ' With a olds agleam and guns and une In troop and squadron and platoon At harvest time The Reapers came Under the waning harvest moon. Their suckle neither pained at Dark, iSor idled in the fervent noon Here he lives lay livid cold, and stark, Under the dwindling harvest moon. benignly, without stint or death Nature had given her annual boon And crowned with gold the fearful dearth, Under the golden harvest moon. Mern only-learning, all too well. Her deadlier secrets bared too soon Poured from new phials old Death and Ile", Under the dying harvest moon. ALLEGED RUSSIAN ARMY IN FRANCE. PERSISTENT REPORTS. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, September 4, 1941. Of all the war rumors that have been floating round the old country since the day John Bull said 'T fight" the most per silent has been one to the effect that out of her huge resources in men Russia has spared quite a respectable army to rein- force the French and English in the western theatre of war. The rumor first aired itself nearly three weeks ago, and disappeared under a flood of incredulity. But a few days later it reappeared, and since then its voice has been heard all over the usual, and nothing seems able, to check its progress;. You hear men who a fortnight ago were busy drilling the rumor with mor- dant sarcasm, now assuring other sceptics that it is a fact that Russian soldiers to the number of 50,000 to 2C0.0J0 have been sent via Archangel to certain ports in Scotland, and are being shipped across the Channel. I myself have seen a letter from a hard-headed Scot to his brother-in-law (an Australian) in London, in which he declared most positively that he has seen Russia as soldiers in Aberdeen. and knows for a fact' that some thousands of them were "railed away south last night." Other people of my acquaintance have received similar eoniinunivsitions from relatives and friends living in the north, and stories have come from Salisbury Plain and other 'places where soldiers might possibly be concentrated and rested for a day or two before continuing a long sea and land trip, of multitudes of men in uniform unfamiliar to civilians in these parts. Moreover, it is undoubted that portions of certain railways have been closed to general train for even longer periods than those for which it was found necessary to dedicate them can rely to military service during the time when, we presume, the bulk of our original Expeditionary Force was being moved towards France. There are other little matters which need not be scheduled here, which give color to this Russian rumor, and a few days ago one of our leading daily papers, when discussing the position at the front, practically gave as the tip that our authorities had a surprise in store for the enemy that, though it might not, in Kruger's language, stagger humanity," would certainly put a different complexion on the state of affairs in the ' western war area. That paper, however, has not referred to this alleged surprise in store since, and this very fact is accepted by some people as an indication that the editor of the journal in question had received a rap on the knuckles" for having nearly betrayed something the powers that be in Whitehall desired to keep a dead secret. Another newspaper, However, let drop a remark concerning the "upper and nether hill stone.'' which could only be applicable to the German forces immediately north and north-east of Paris, and this was immediately seized upon by many people as an indication that preparations were being made for landing a big force from England in places? from which an attempt to cut across the German lines of communication through Belgium would be feasible. The force necessary for the success of such a plan, England alone could not supply at the present time, so, said these wise ones', it must be composed, in part- at least, of Russian troops, who can only get there by way of Great Britain. There may be something; in Dame Ru- mor's tales, or her "Russians" may be merely German prisoners of war, of whom it is said England has already received many hundreds. If this "Russian army is not a mere production of imagination, but a solid reality,, it would certainly be very useful in France at present. THE GERMAN PROGRAMME. TREMENDOUS PREPARATIONS FOR WAR. ENGLAND'S TURN LAST. (From Our Special Correspondent.) LONDON, September 4. 1914. Some interesting particulars of the preparations infants are being made in Ger- many for the continuance of the war are given in a letter received by the "Times" from Mr. Francis Hyndman, describing the experiences of two American engineers who have just reached London by devious ways from Germany. The letter states that in Breslau and Silesia generally the towns were being very heavily mined, and there was great aerial activity. A very different idea was obtained of Berlin from that given in various reports which have recently appeared in the press. One significant fact is that food was extremely cheap, all the restaurants, even the best, having largely reduced their tariffs. Business was going on as usual as far as could be seen, though recruiting was extremely heavy. All the principal recruiting stations near Unter den Linden had hundreds of men waiting, and yet they were taking them in and handing out uniforms every few minutes. The two Americans paid a visit to the flying station, and estimate that there were over 50 Zeppelins ready and waiting to start and hundreds of aeroplanes ready also. There was immense activity in constructing new craft and in training men, as many as a hundred aeroplanes being in the air at once with learners. From general conversation they gathered that there would be a great combined attack by the naval and aerial fleets at same auspicious moment. Other private advices from Germany tell us, says The "Times" military correspondent, "the views of the average German officer concerning the war. The primary object of Germany is to crush France to the ground. With this object the best troops have been sent to the west, and in order that the blow should be stunning first the Landwehr, and then all the trained men of the Landsturm have been successively called out. Masses of reservists follow the first line in order to prosecute the war with the utmost vigor, and to replace the scores of il'ioiisantls of men whom German generals sacrifice with prodigal banded The calculation of the average officer was that Paris would be reached in six to eight weeks, and it was though, that the subsequent resistance would not be prolonged. AYTon France was crushed Germany would turn against Russia. But an offensive campaign was not intended, and as Germany coveted no Russian territory and the invasion of Russia was not inviting, the operations would be limited to the defeat of successive Russian armies as they appeared, and the Vistula right represent the limits of a German advance. England, according to these opinions, was to be left till the last, and the navy was to be "raised" until the moment came for the decisive operation against the country which stood between Ger- many and the sun. it was supposed that" when Paris had fallen and the French armies had been struck down, Calais, Boulogne, and Dunkirk would be occupied, and Antwerp - eventually returned. The Netherlands would then be invited, ''ban gre mail are," to come within the German Federal system, and then with all the great maritime positions of the Low Countries and the best deep-water port of western Continental Europe in their hands, the Germans could prepare to "eat" England at their leisure. _ Possibly by the time this leisure is available the Kaiser's appetite will be a trifle jaded and his martial digestion considerably out of order. TO THE "NUT" WHO DID NOT GO. (By St. John G. Ervine in the "Daily Chronicle.") You're a hero bold, My gallant son, Though you do not hold ' A soldier's gun! For you wave a little flag Which is quite a bally fag, Though, perhaps, it is a "rag" And rather fun. Yes, you do your bit, O, valiant one! Showing British grit Before the Hun! When the Germans swiftly bore Over Bclg'tnm's ancient store, In your coat von bravely wore A button, soil History will relate, j Heroic. one, How you served the slate, , j Reckoning none! How, the moment need appeared, ! And your comrades volunteered, You-remained at home and cheered, Young Wellington! Do not pay them hoped, If any shun. You have this for creed When war is done, Though you did not join the fight, You remembered what was right Damned the Kaiser every night. My plucky one! ' 