DOMINIONS ROYAL COMMISSION., AUSTRALIAN RECOMMENDA- TIONS. SHALLOW PORTS QE THE COMMONWEALTH. .' A &ERIOUS; AND PRESSING . MATTEB. OUT-OF-DATE MAIL SERVICE.' LONDON. January 28. Further details of the recommendations contained in the Australasian section of the report of -the Dominions Royal Com- mission were made available yesterday. They are generally of an important nature, and cover a wide field. The Commissioners state t'hac they wore deeply impressed'" throughout Australasia by the desire of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather, than with foreign nations. This was evident, not only by the tariff" preference granted, but by a clear and distinct preference based on sentiment and patriotism. Discussing the question of migration, the report states that labor-saving machinery is much more used in agriculture in Aus- tralia and New Zealand than in Europe. Comparisons made show that the propor- tion of the population engaged in agricul- tural and pastoral pursuits in these Dominions is smaller than in the United States and many European countries, while the town . population is excessive. Since the mother country is already de : pendent upon her overseas possessions for a considerable proportion of *her food and *raw material, the Commission were im- pressed by the desirability of as large a portion as possible of the Dominions beinz occupied by a population which would assist in the development of the primary resources. The best age at which to obtain immigrants was from 16 to 24, and in this connection it. is remarked that the town-bred youth often finds his feet quicker in a new environment than the rustic. The requirements of Australia and New Zealand could, to a large ex- tent, be fulfilled by importing well-dis poeed youths whom environment in the United Kingdom had forced into Blind alley employments, and youths from the industrial schools. The Commission found no evidence supporting the view that only those who followed agriculture in the old country can become successful agriculturists in -rae new. There is a strong undercurrent of opposition in Aus tralia and New Zealand to emigration, principally among the urban wage-earners and artisans, who regard immigration as likely to increase competition in the skilled labor market, but the Commission believt, this hostility arises mainly from the present defects in the immigration system. Female "and Family Migration. Discussing the question of female emi- gration, the report-states that the sur- plus female population of Britain is to be found mainly in the residential towns, and consists principally of elderly ladies and women servants. The first are not possible as emigrante, while the servants can ill be spared. The ranks of, female domestics have been depleted by the de- mands of commerce and industry in the United Kingdom, compared with the posi- tion 20 years ago. The Commission in- tend to deal with this matter in 'greater detail in their final report. Dealing with the difficulty of family migration, the Commissioners state that parents are often too old to settle comfortably in a I new land, and men are tempted to estab- lish themselves prematurely as farm owners or tenants. Ready-made farms are non-existent to any large extent, and farming on the share system is extend- ing in Australia, and is highly com- mendable. The organisation of family migration will entail considerable pubhc expense before an ideal system is reached. The report recommends a more full use of the methods adopted at Pitt Town, New South Wales, which is an admirable institution. It is undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested passage agents, and ' in this connection there exists a widespread feeling, which the Commission consider justifiable, that mis- representation is not uncommon, though there arc few cases of actual fraud. Discharged Soldiers for the Tropics. The possibility of making greater use of the British labor exchangas deserves close attention, particularly in connection with juvenile emigration. The Commission re- commend greater co-operation between the home and the Australasian Governments regarding the migration of dischaiged In- dian soldiers, many of whom are willing to go to Australia and New Zealand, but lind this difficult, though they arc already accustomed to a climate more trying than j that of Northern Australia- The saving j by direct migration would allow consider- able financial assistance to be given to such emigrants. The Commission are favorably impressed with- the German settlements in Queensland and South Australia and with the Danish, Swedish,, and Norwegian fanners in Victoria. Such migration would be a wholesome addition to New Zealand and Southern Australia. Provision Needed for Larger Steamers. Dealing with inter-Imperial communica- tion, the Commission are impressed with I the capacity of the Suez Canal to deal, | without undue deby. with 15,000-ton ships, against the present 5,000, provided that cer- tain trafiic regulations are observed. They axe also impressed with the increasing ability of the canal to take vessels of deep draught. There will shortly be 30 ft. of water available in the canal, but it, ia doubtful .whether this will be sufficient to provide for the necessities of. a quick ocean service to Australia. The fact that the Panama Canal gives a depth of 40 ft. will accelerate the already rapid increase in the size and drauçht of ocean carriers, and it is doubtful whether the authorities con- trolling Anstral'an and New Zealand har- bors are properly alive to this quick in- crease of draught which is in prospect. The proper standard is 40 ft. Except at Syd- ney, Hobart, Wellington, and Auckland, the facilities are considerably below this standard. "The Commission cannot urge too strongly that the governing bodies of Aus- tralian ports should devote earnest con- sideration to the problem of deepening their harbors. Defects of tlie Mail Service. . Turning to the question of the postal service, the Commission consider that any semi-automatic renewal of the mail con- tract, with a slight improvement in speed and condition, and a slight decrease in the cost, would be inadequate- as a solution of this problem, which needs to be handled on broader lines, giving full consideration to all the variants, and particularly the speed restrictions at Suez. There is grave reason to doubt the reality of the com petition nnder the present arrangements, and a continuance ' of tins quasi- monopoly for A long period would probably be in- jurious te the development of shipping, as it removes a great incentive to the con- struction of faster ships.- No mail contract will be satisfactory "which* does not provide for a sea speed considerably in excess of that of unsubeidised lines. The Commis- sion draws attention to complaints that the outward bills of lading are out of date and unduly complicated in- favor of the ship- owners, as against their cuotomers. Never- theless there is evidence that many of the companies granted redress which they were not legally compelled to give. There was evidence that the strength of the shipping **ning" in London was so great that com- bined action by the importers in this mat- ter would be of little avail. The report draws attention to the possibility of amend- ing the United Kingdom law, in order to bring it into line with the Australian Sea Carriage Act, 1904. The report also comments on the anomaly of the Commonwealth charging a terminal rate of od. per word for the trans- mission of Pacific cable» wliile New Zea- land charges Id. New Zealand cables should be leduced to 2/8 per word. The Pacific Cable Board has not shown the enterprise that might reasonably be expected ot them. A laudable desire to abolish deficits has ob- scured their vision of the larger and more urgent duties. To spend £2,000,000 on con- struction and then to leave the cable com- paratively idle for two- thirds, of each day is not commercial nor politic conrmon sense. « Cotton-Growing in the Commonwealth. The report includes in detail the pro- posal of the British Cotton-Growing Asso- ciation to estabhsh cotton-growing, which the Commonwealth and Queensland Go- vernment« have accepted. The Commis- sioners deny that experience has shown that cotton can only be successfully grown by black labor. On the contrary, they state that 75 per cent, of the labor on the Texas cotton plantations is white, and they con- sider it possible that Maltese would fur- nish just the type of labor required. It is estimated that cotton- picking in Austra- lia would cost 3d. per lb., whereas it is lid. in the Southern Slates of America, but there is evidence that the quality of the Australian product would be such as to justify an expectation that a higher price would be secured for it than to that of most cotton countries. There is also « possibility of the cotton-picking machine reducing the importance of the Australian labor factor. It should also be possible to organise the small growers into associa- tions for picking the crop on co-operative lineíí. Branding of Hides. While admitting that hides are damaged by branding, the Commission think the natural remedy is to differ- entiate in regard to tie price between hides branded as .the tanners suggest they äbould be. and those branded a« they axe now. The report does not recommend more stringent regulations regarding glu- cose in leather. It urges uniformity in legislation and regulations regarding food and drugs. Australasian agricultural, mineral, and forestry resources will be treated in the final report, also the en- quiries concerning better facilities for handling meat and fruit upon which inves- tigations are proceeding. The Conrmis sirmers arc also making further enquiries regarding the value of inter-Imperial ex- hibitions, and the desirability of establish- ing an Imperial Development Board. 