TRADE COMMISSION REPORT PUBLISHED EVIPORTANT MATTERS DEALT WITH LONDON, Wednesday Morning. -- The report of the Dominion Commis sion has /been issued. The Commis sioners state they were deeply 'im pressed iihrougliout Australasia by tlr desire of all classes to deal With iair BritisSi lEimpire 'rather than with foreign nations, not only owing to ?tariff -preference, but clear distinc preference, based on sentiment , and patriotism. Discussing. migration, ' the repon states that labor saving machinery is much inoi-e rntjed in agncultnre in Australia and New Zealand than in ?Europe.^ lOampaiiisons s'ncw that tiie pr-oportxm of papulation in England en gaged .in agricultural and pastoral pur suits is smaller than in the United States and miany E-uropean coiuntries T :ie town population is. excessive. Since the mother country is already depen i;. iu ii on tne oversea ror a consider able TM-o-p.n-tion of food and i*aw Tiiate rial, tire iConi'miserf-on was unpr-esse' with the des'rability -cf as large a per t.on as jx.vssible of the Doiifmons 'k'?1 O'Ocu-pied by population, which ?went' ns.s;sl in tlie devebpinerjf cf t]ie n-rir arv resources. The best age for i : ii ? I'jriijifs 'was fi'cni '16 to t-M veairs. Tli to Mm bred youth cftcn finds his fee quicker in the new environment tha.' the rustic. Australia's and New Zealand's requirem.snt's -are largely fu' 1 filled by welLdisncsed .veu'hs ikr I the environment in the United King dom forced into iblcnd alley employ tnents, and youilis frojn the industrial schools. Tlie Commissi on did not Sn' only ihose who follcw' tigvicultnre in the old -country can b' come successful irgi-iculturalist-s ir New Zealand. There is a strong un dc-r:tirretit of cpiM^iton tn Austral' 1 and Nrw Zei'.vd to m^angre/ton, prin cipallv among ihe urban wage-earner? ynd artisatK who resrard ini.mi-^raitior as i'.Xelv to mereave competition ir ?'he skilled labor ma.rket. The Oo.tr tnussion believes that tho hostility aris T--ia-'nly from the present defects in th :iivn;itn'3tion Kvstem. 1') f'em.-.le iminioivii ;r-n. tii report states tliat the surplus in Brit ain is mainly residential m the toiru and consists principally of elderly la dles and women servants. 'I lie first art not possible immigrants, and servants can ill he spared. Tiie ranks of female domestics are being depleted by the de mands of commerce industry in the Lmted Kingdom, compared with twen ty years ago, and the Commission in lend to deal with the matter in greater detail ill ihe final report. Dealing with tiie difficulty of family migration,, the Commissioners 'state that the parents are often too old to settle down comfortably. A man is tempted to osiahiish himself premature ly as a farm owner or a tenant. Ready made farms are non-existent to any large extent, but farming on the share' system is extending in Australia, and is highly commendable. An organisa tion of family migration will entail considerable public expense before the ideal system is reached. The report recommends a fuller use of the methods adapted at Pit-town, in New South Wales, which is an admirable institu tion. It is not desirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested passage agents. A widespread feeling ex ists, which the Commission con sider justifiable. that misrepresen tation is not uncommon, though there ire few cases of actual fraud. The possibility of making greater use of the! British -Labor exchanges deserves close I ittention, particularly in connection with juvenile emigration. Tito Com mission recommends greater coopera rion between the Home and Australian' Governments regarding the migration of discharged Indian soldiers, many c-f 'whom are willing to go to Australia and New Zealand but- for the land difficulty, though thev are already ac customed to a climate more trying than _ Northern Australia. The saving by direci immigration would allow of considerable financial assistance nelng given to such emigrants. The Com mission was favorably impressed with tho German settlements in Queensland and South Australia, and the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers -in victoria. Such migration would bo a wholesome addition to New Zealand and Southern Australia. Ragarding the Suez Canal, the Com mission was impressed with the lanals .capacity to deal without -undue' with 15,000 ships, against the iresent 5000. urovided certain -f.roffin regulations are observed. They were aIs.?. '''ptes^ed /with the increasing' ability to take vessels of deep draught, tv hi eh would shortly ,be thirty feet, but Jt Js. -deuhtful whether this will he sufficient to provid-s the necessities 'for a quick ocean service to Australia. The fact that -tlie Panama Canal gives a depth- of 40 fee t, ,wil! accelerate the already rapid increase in the size and draught of ocean carriers. It is viuu.miui « netner tlie authorities of the Australian and Now, Zealand harbor® are iproperlv alive to the quick increase in draught which is in iprespect. Tiw pioper Standard is forty feet, and ex cept at (Sydney, Hobart. Wellington, and Auckland, the facilities are con siderably below the. standard. The. Commission cannot urge, too strongly that governing ihodies -of (ports should devote earnest consideration to - problem of deepening the harbois. ' Any semi-automatic renewal of the' contract, 'with a ''slight ' ] nient m speed and ^conditions, 'and a; slight decrease in the 'cost,- twwild i -bei naoequate as a ' solution to tlie -iprob--. iem, which needs to ' 1 be ' handled or oroader lines, givuig , full'. consderation to all variants, particularly- the sOepj resti-ict-ions in the. Suez There are grave reasons to .doubt the reality of competition - under the present' ar- rangements.- . The continuance --f. a] quasi monopoly (for a 'long, neriodl vyouic, (?robably fee. injurious to the de velopment of shipping, afe' It, removes , to .the ' constrnetion J s-!ps' Xo ''.'in loonfraxit would be satisfactory arlidi does not provide for a sea speed considetaMv in^exeess of -that ofunsubsidised lines. ilie Commission -draws' attention to complains regardiiyj outavaid ibills of lading ibeing out of Sate whicJi' are unduly ' complicated ; in favor of ship owners against the customens,1 never-. theless .there is evidenoe that many companies have granted redress which tliey were not legally .compelled to give.:; I fie evidence as to the strength of the: srup.pmg ring in London was so great. \- conjbmed action on the Dart of in- iport-ers is of little avail. The fenort ara Wis attention to the , Possibility ofJ amending tlie United Kingdom law in order to bring it into line with the Carriage Act of 1904. the Brtiph Cotton GroTr-nre Assoryrir i ion establifWed details for cotton. Erq.w tn2, 'winch the Commonwealth and yueensland Governments accepted. The . ?oamiissioners deny that : experience has snown that cotton can eniv he suocess 1 -v Rrcwn by black labor. flB the contr^n- 7^ j. in ' j - H - ' -;i r,'Lft ia;tvor is nJiite, and it-, is nrssible -the Maltese may furnish just.-ihe typo of lalor ro qujrari It i.s estim/iitcd that pickiinir v'n Australia will cos*. threepraice ^-er nonnd, wherc-as the cost is l^d in the So u tliera States of America . Taej^a is evidence that the quality of *ih-' Aus ^i-alran is .-fiudli as tio .justify-; the ex-rj ['citation that a higher price would bei secured than in most cotton countries. IJniTL' is also tbe. jrossibility of a.: cotiton 1 picking machine reducing 'the cost TSiej iajKfriance of Australian labor is a fat toi , bat it should also b p Tv/^vi K1 W in ' organise tana'll growei' s into an oisscx'Ea ,t,onr for picking -cotton ? co- operatively. ^ Jiile admitting that hides axo xiaim aged lby branding the natural remedy' is yj differentiate in| pn'ce between fcides branded as tlie tanners suggest, and those bianded as- jibw. The Commis sion a'ecom-mend more stringent regula tions regarding glucose iu leather. ? Tlie repoi't ur?es uniformity of legis lation and rcgulat'ons reisra^dirtr food ?rid dings. Tiie Australian agricul- ( nn-al. mineral, and forestry resources treated in the final -report, and also nquiiies as to better racihties lor Ihanti ling meat and frx t-. en v.Tuch investi gations are proceeding. They are also r.akir-z furciier enquiries regarding aiter-J.mpei-.val exaibi.'-rons,' and the de sirability of Jstab- lishing an Imperial development hoard. ; 