AGRICUULTURAL NOTE8 The wheat transport season started or 16th December, and gives promise of being a .heavy one. According to returns sup plied by the Railway department, 341,23E bags of wheat had been transported from the country districts to the city up to Wednesday of last week, as against 107,114 for the same period las year. Trucks are now being load ed to the extent of about 50,00 bags per day, and about 80,000 bags pe: day are arriving from the farms at thi various country stations. The quantit_ of now season's wheat now stocIfed at country -railway -stations was computed: on Wednesday at 277 080 bags, as against only 32,299 bags on the same day last year. The officers of the department state that there .is an ample number of truck~s to meet 'the demand, owing to the steady pro. gress of building during the "off" season. The bulk of the present wheat supply is coming from the North and North- Eastern districts. Regulations under the Advances to Set tiers' Ordinance of the Northern Territory, which have just been made by the Adminis trator, provide that for purchasing ap proved b.ilding material or ,fencing ma terial the loan t-o be granted shall not exceed £100; for erecting buildings, 13/4 in the pound, not exceeding £75; for erect ing fencing, 13/4 in the pound, not ex ceeding £100; for .ringbarking, clearing, breaking up, water conservation and otherl improvements approved by the aboard, 15/ in the pound; for the purchase of ap proved stock, 15/ in the pound on the value of the holding, with the improve ments made thereon, after taking into con sideration all sums already advanced and still owinrg on the security, not exceeding £300; and for the purchase of implements, machinery or plant approved by the board, 15/ in the pound on the value of the holding, . with the improvements made thereon, after taking into consideration all sums already advanced and still owing on the security, not" exceeding £100. ::.In case -the -holding is not "of sufficient value in' excess of all encumbrances, or at all to permit of an -advance being made as pro vided by the last two provisions, the board may grant an advance not exceeding 10/ in the pound on the value of the implements, machinery, plant or stock purchased, and for paying off mortgage, 15/ in the pound on the value .of -the holding. An advance may be paid by instalments as the im provements have been effected or the pur chase made. T.he, annual report of the New South Wales Department of Agriculture for the year ended 30th June last was last week made available. The statement of accounts shows that tlhe expenditure of the depart ment was £267,171, an increase of £80,327, or 12.8 per cent. over that of the last fihancial year. Of this additional expendi ture a sum of £10,300 was incurred in carrying into effect active measures for the suppression of the cattle tick on the north eastern border of the State. The Forestry department expenditure also -increased to the extent of £8600, but tinis outlay is al most certain to prove remunerative, as it has enabled . that department to extend operations in revenue producing directions. Ilhe remainder of the increase was due to increases in wages and salaries, rendered necessary by the upward trend of wages right tlhroughout the Commonwealth, and by the initiation of new services, and the extension of existing ones. The revenue for the year was £138,637, an increase of £5965, or 4.5 per cent. over the revenue of' last year. '1his must (be regarded as most satis factory, when it ds remembered that last year there was a small decrease' in revenue as compared with tihe previous year. Of this increase the Forestry department earned £914 and the farms £5213, the dif ference 'being accounted for by a small decrease in other sectios of the depart ment;. Prize lists have been issued in connec tion with the Autumn show of the Royal Agricultural Society of 'South Australia, which will be held on Marcdh, 5, 6 and 7. For the champion milling wheat the Mel .rose Challenge Cup (value £25), and the Government gold medal, together with cas: prizes of £11, are offered. 'Special prizes are offered for 100 bushels of wheat ex, hibited by agricultural bureaus, wheat with sample. The success met with last year has induced the committee to awain in dlude the district competition. ln addi tion to the cash prizes of £100, the Dun can Challenge Trophy (value £150) is of. fered The dairy produce section is limited to cheese. For the wool competition the State has been divided into saltbush coun try, south-east, and count*, not otherwise described. The classes for each district comprise merino combing wool, Leicester, and Romney wool. Liberal prizes are offered for blood stock and horses in ac tion. The industries and manufactures section is extensive. In the fruit division the Jonah Hobbs Challenge Trophy (valued at £25) is offered for the first time for the best collection. A novel event-a sheaf-throwing competition-is scheduled for the first time. , The Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales has granted permission to the Water Conservation and Irrigation Com mission to occupy a piece of land on the reserve opposite the Agricultural Hall to establish a model irrigation farm for ex hibition purposes during the next show. The first large shipment in New York of dressed beef from Argentina arrived on 30th October, consisting of 4888 hind quar ters, and 800 fore quarters, consigned in part to Armour and Co., and in part to Swift and oC. After being inspected, the beef was distributed among several cities. The quantity of imported meat received hitherto has been so easily absorbed that it can hardly be regarded as influencing the markets. It is possible, however, that the imports will increase in course of time sufficiently to prevent prices of. American home produce from rising to extreme rates. The South African Government has ele vated the. Minister of Agriculture to the dignity of a distinct Cabinet seat. Hither to the Minister was also Minister of Com merce. The first Minister to be able to give his whole time to the country inter. est is Mr. H. C. Van Heerden, M.P. for Cradock, an English settlement; named after an old family in the West of Eng land, but which.has gradually become pre dominantly Dutch. Mr. Van Heerden was educated at Stellenbosch, and has been a leading members of the Afrikander party for many years. Apart from politics, he is a large farmer and cattle breeder in the constituency which-ie represents. Forty entries have been received for the New Zealarid Government bonus of £12,000 for improved flax dressing machinery. Com petitors are from all payts of the world. The conditions attached to the bonus re quired the New Zealand Flax Millers' As sociation to appoint a special committee of not fewer than six to open and fully consider the entries, and if necessary to get the patentees t;o give demonstrations The New Zealand Government will re quire fourteen days' notice to appoint ex perts to sit with this committee, and to gether they will constitute the judges, de ciding on the merits of' the various ma. chines, and whether the whole or part of the bonus should be awarded. A retuirn prepared by the Queensland Lands department shows that the total area of land selected in Queensland dur ing November was 689,508 acres, of a rcn tal value of £3421 per annum, as compared with 863,578 acres of a rental value of £4998 selected in November last year. The total area selected during the . elven months ended 30th November was 6,526,977 acres of a rental value of £35,950, com pared with 6,343,672 acres cif a rental value of £37,378 for the corresponding period of last year. In a recent issue of the London '"Times," in a special article headed "The New Far mer," it is stated:-"We have signs in plenty that the farmer is advancing along the lines of scientific theory. On paper, and in the abstract, the higher the farming the greater the profits for all concerned The ideal to aim at is that Danish farm, much visited iby English farmers and land owners, which yields an average profit of £4 per acre. It is claimed that a net ;r'oome 'of £20 000 a year. is made from its 5000 acres. In Great Britain the twelve agricultural colleges and stations among which farming science is parcelled out are now almost burdened by the number of inquiries, and the suspicion of the prac tical man against the man of science is at any rate no longer rampant. The new farmer is more bold, more experimental, more elastic in method; and if we have no more definite advance in the worse dis tricts, we have a mental attitude in the farmer, which is alert for the opportunity to regard his farm more or less as a fac tory that depends for its existence on a continuous output by modern imethods, both of production and sale." It is the intention of the State Minis try to endeavor to interest the countries of northern Europe in the attractions of Victoria for the immigrant of the agricul tural class, and in the facilities provided to the land seekers for securing blocks of land. Mr.. Hagelthorn, who is taking charge of immigration once more, is mov ing.. immediately in. the matter, and s arranging for agents of the Vic torian Government to travel in Hollanrd, Norway, Sweden and Den mark, and bring the advantages or Vic toris under the notice of the people. To day the Ministers of Agriculture, Lands and Immigration, and the officers of the departments are meeting in conference with their officers and Mr. Percy Hunter, the officer in charge of the combined immi gration office of Victoria and New South Wales in London, in order to determine how greater' assistance may be' rendered tq the land seeker. The idea is to provide specially prepared blocks for the new ar. rivals, and thus assist them in securing success on the land. At the same time the Minister of Lands tas instructed his officers to prepare a scheme by which ap plicants for closer settlement blocks may obtain them more readily. Of course it will be some time before Mr. Lawson can hope that anything will be done in that direction, but by the exercise of strong pressure he may possibly secure his report within reasonable time. Australian producers can do with less exorbitant freight rates, and welcome news in this direction is to hand. "At tihe present time," states "Fairplay," "there is far and away too much tonnage pressing upon every home market, and rates on cer tain itineraries have dwindled to such an extent. that they are only profitable to some boats. In comparison willh last year rates on the River Plate are now 20/ per ton lower, those on the American have fallen 50 per cent., and those of Australian wheat charters have reached about 25 to 30 per cent. from the highest point touched. There can be no question that the boom in -hipping has spent itself, and the con sensus of opinion in maritime circles is that freights are going to remain on a very reduced level compared with what they were a year ago." At one time it cost 1/iL per bushel to transport wheat from Australia; on to-day's figures 9f d. -per bushel represents the oversea freight, but this is at least 31d. in excess of what it should be. Concerning the 160-acre farms that are offered free to emigrants to Canada, the special correspondent of the "Lokal Anzeiger," says they are at least 30 miles from a railway. Emigrants arriving with dhildren and furniture find themselves dumped down in the midst of a wild prairie, with not a single tree in sight, and they are faced with the obligation "to cultivate the land for three years, and to build a dwelling house on it." This writer estimates that the fulfilment of this obli gation entails an expenditure of £175 to £200 on the part of the emigrant. The awful Canadian winters drive the men to wthisky, and the women go mad as the re sult of the loneliness of the 'life. Even should a farmer on one of the free farms in the back country be fortunate enough to have a good harvest, he is faced with tihe absence of adequate transport in get ting it to the railway. This writer adds that the Canadian towns are congested with derelicts who hlave emigrated from Europe and have failed on the land. More candid 'than complimentary are the remarks of the "Scottish Farmer" (Glas gow), in connection with departments of agriculture and Clydesdale breeding. "'he Department of Agriculture for Scot land," it writes, "has become deeply interested in the class and quality of the 'horses distributed 'throughout the country for ,breeding purposes. There are old- fash'ioned people among us who be lieve that 'there.never would have been in Great Britain the splendid breeds of hor sea, cattle, sheep, and pigs there there are if the production of these had been under the control of this dopautment. but it is to be presumed that we will reouire to make the best of it, and be content that it did not come into being until the breeds had been improved to their present standard. What means should .the de paritment take to make sure that its pre miums and subsidies are not abused? The answer of breeders generally will be Whatever means you take do not leave it to the veterinary section of the depart ment to have -the last word on thle merits of stallions. The attitude of 'the average breeder or owner of Clydesdale horses to wards that section is that While it ought to know something about the inside of a horse, it is generally a very poor judge of t?Ie outside." The farmer who tries to run his farm without keeping account of his receipts and expenditure, also other data relative to stock and farm generally, is like a store keeper trying to do business without keep ing books. Both come to grief. 