FAULTS 0? IMMIGRATION. ' DOMINION COMMISSIONS REMEDIES London. January 2dih.—Hie report nf the Dominions Commission snys the Commissioners were deeply impressed throughout Australasia by the desire of all classo:j to <leal with iJritish Kmpire rather than foreign nations, not only as regards tariff preference but a clear, distinct preference based on sentiment ; ami patriotism. Discussing migration, the report state-; that labor-saving ma chinery is much more used i:i agricul ture iis Australia and Xew Zealand than in Kurope. 'Die best n;re for immigrants , is 1<i to "2-1. The town-bred youth of'en; finds his feet quicker under the new en- ' vironment than the- rustic. There is a ' strong undercurrent of opposition in : Australia and Xew Zealand to immigra- •; lion, principally among urban wage-j earners and artisans, who regard immi-, gnuioii as likely to increase compcti- ; tion in the ski'led labor market. The I ('oi:;:uif',s:on believed that hostility | si rises mainly fro at the present defects' in 1 he immigration system. The Com miss'im intends to deal wjh female im migration in (.'renter detail in the final report. T'avming on tho share svsfem is extendine in Australia, and is hitihlv commendable. Organisation of female migration will entail considerable ex pense before an ideal «vs'em can be reached. It i> vnde>;rah!o to leeve the duty of describing the attractions of the dominions in interested passage «jie«ts. Misvenrosentat ion is not mi common. thomdi ther" invp been a few cni'S of actual fraud. Tl<" nnrsibilitv of making water two of 1'ritish labor evebnoees deserves c'c.se- attention. pav tictieirly in connect ion with juvenile, immigration. The Commission rrcom "lends urealer co-onera t ion lie'ween th" Ho'"'> and Australian Cnvor»ine:iU re 'arding the migration of discharged In dian soldiers, nvny of whom are wil'iut: | to <ro io Aes>rnl'a and New Zealand So ; buv land The Commission is favorably 1 >njpress"d by (lermnn set tle-ne-nts if Oi:ren~land •••ml S'on'h Ansi rali'>, and Danish. Swedish and Xocv, egian farmers in Victoria. DEEPENING OF HARBOR URGED. The Commission cannot urge too strongly that the governing bodiis of port.? of Australia ami New Zealand should devote earnest consideration lo the problem of deepening harbors i:i vieiv of the increase in th.' size and draughts of ocean carriers. The report stales that a semi-automatic re newal of the mail contracts with a slight iiu- j provoineiit in soeed an<l conditions and a sliirht decrease in tee cost would be inadequate, and as a solution of the problem it m-eds io lie handled on bet ter lines. 'J he continuance of a. quasi monopoly over a long period would probably nr-ive injurious to the de velopment of shipment. Xo mail con tract will he satisfactory which does not provide for si a speed considerably in '-.verss of thai maintained by unsubsi dised lines. The commission draws at tention to complaints that outward bills of Iodine: ."'re cut t.f date and unduly in favor fit' ship-owners and against cus tomers. There is evidence, that the strength of the shinning ring in Lon don is s." /veal that the combined action of the importers is of little avail. AUSTRALIAN COTTON GOOD. | The Commissioners deny that the! . conference has .shown that cotton can only be successfully grow n by black labor. Tim M;ilte-,e would i'umiMi just the type of b>hor required. There h evidence that the quality of Australian cotton is such a-; to justify the expecta tions that higher nrices will be secured for it. than cotton of most- comitrKs. The report urges a, uniformity of legis lation and regulation n garding foods and drugs. Tl'.e Australian agrienhr.-d. I mineral and pastoral resources will bo I dealt with in the l'mal report: also in quiries regard inn the licit-r facilities for h.'indii/i.c mf.-ii, and fruit in lareo quantities are proceeding. The Com ' making inquiries re mission is also ni:iMii;; I...,,,,,., . sardine" irit'-r-fmp"ria! exhibitions and the possibility of establishin" an Im perial Develonmcnt Hoard. QUICKER STEAMERS AND CHEAPER GABLES. licferrine; [as! evening to the report id the 1'impit" Trade Commission on j Australian matters. i!r. "Watt said he j agreed as io the advisability <;! y:tving (i.iei! in tho steamer's ioune-y from Aos tralia to (I'reat. Uritain. The lirst thing that struek people on going abroad was the groat. waste of tim-> on th* ocean ioutney. If three or four days coii'd be cut off it would be to A est cilia's in terest. As regards the cable rates, everybody knew thnt. r\ccs«ivo rates hampered business. As to me depth of harbors. Victoria had n local difficulty which it was endeavoring to cone with. Ge'ieradv sneakin;r. t/:o Commission's oolicv in this res;-jpcL seemed to be a sound one. All Australian harbors should be eapribbi cf takincc the largest vessels. He not share the opinion [of tho Commission as to fraining; imiui TT-nnts before sendin't t.hem overseas. He considered that ir would be better fo (rain th"m Jtere if fbafc had to he done, so that they could learn the | pr-euliarities oi' our roil and the e'ethodsl , of farming and the climatic condition.-;. 