NEWS BY MAIL. e " in NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES. ' ch WOMEN EATING MORE. A theory that fashionable women must be eating 'more in order to secure the warmth lost by the discarding of so much under clothing is advanced by Dr. A. E. Taylor, professor of chemistry in the Pennsylvania de University. "New styles compel women to m wear fewer and thinner clothes," says the 72 professor, "and this demands a greater num- C. ber of heat units to keep their bodies at a ta normal temperature. Hence, women must h: eat more, and I estimate the increase at 10 t ser cent." w EPIDEMIC OF MUMPS. INSURANCE RATES RAISED. Several additional cases of mumps were p reported yesterday, and underwriters at tc Lloyd's again advanced their rates (says a P London contemporary of January 13). To to secure a bensfit of 5 5s. a week those who ti have not yet had mumps are now charged qi 40s., as compared with 20s. a week ago, and m 10s. at the end of December. No change p: was made in the rate for those who have se already had' mumps, which remains at 10s. tl per cent., as compared with 5s. just before cc Christmas. It is understood, however, that ai the majority of the claims have been among fc those who were accepted on the lower terms because they had already suffered from the complaint. The period of insurance isthree months. INGENIOUS DEVICE. SIGNALS FROM AEROPLANES. re The firm of Breguet has invented an in- h genious method of signalling from zero planes. The device consists of a tube placed tl in such a position that a strong current of air from the propeller passes through it, and ie is connected by a valve with a reservoir l filled with soot. This valve can be operated P by the passenger in the aeroplane in such a manner as to release either a large or a r small quantity of soot from the reservoir into the tube. The soot whirled out of the ti tube by the draught forms in the wake of i the machine long or short streaks of black, by means of which messages can be given n in the Morse code. It is asserted that dur- a ing the course of some experiments made a with this device the dots and dashes of a1b message were made out with the help of a powerful field-glasses over five miles away. The whole apparatus weighs not more than 91b. - . . \- --SANDING CHICKENS. METHODS OF "FATTENING." r, Acting upon representations made by the Poultry Dealers' Protective Association, the Department of Agriculture at Washing ton (U.S.A.) ordered an investigation of the charges that enormous quantities of chic kens, previously to their sale in New York, y are "fattened with rock and sand", in their t food mixtures by unscrupulous dealers. After having examined samples of the birds t sent to New York, the authorties found an a average of half a pound of rock and sand in each chicken's crop. and it would appear s from stdtistics that New York City alone buys every week from 150,000 to 300,000 i pounds of rock and sand substances, paying j the prevailing poultry market prices. Ac- a cording to the Poultry Dealers'- Protective Association. "sanding" chickens is just as s reprehensible as sanding sugar. SALVATION ARMY CAFE. t LESSONS FROMI THE ENEMY. .The Salvation Army in New Jersey (U.S.A.) opened a cafe recently, when coffee was served by converted bar-tenders, and hallelujah hymns sung by converted cabarett artists. The cafe is fashioned after the American bar, and, emulating the American public-house, a free lunch is given with drinks, which in all cases are "temperance." I Converted carpenters built and converted painters decorated the cafe, which has al ready secured a great popular success. The major in charge himself a converted publi can, holds that no Christian organisation should ignore the tactics of the enemy when they can be revised for the purpose of cap turing souls. "We use," he said, "the deviFs ideas to perform God's work." Ap petising "Salvation Stew" is sold at 3d., 4d., and 6d., and if a man has no money he is allowedto earnthe price needed by chopping wood. SCRAMBLE FOR DOMESTICS. ENGAGE4MENTS BY WIRELESS. Striking evidence as to the dearth of.do. mestic servants in New Zealand and the shifts to which mistresses are reduced in ' their efforts to secure them was given before the Dominions Royal' Commission on their recent visit to the country. It appears that "domestic syndicates" have been formed in various centres for securing girls from the United Kingdom; that immigrant ships are * besieged by would-be employers, some of whom go out to meet them in tugs; and that in some cases engagements are effected by wireless before the ships reach port. One witness complained that the money pro vided by the taxpayers for free psagee was thus ?ung used to secure servants for the well- to, to the .detriment .of the struggling mother, with three: or four chil dren. whom the State mainly intended to benefit. 'The shortage of domestics, it was asserted, s having a serious eect on the health and well-being of the women of the Dominion, and ia tending to lower the birth vate. jWOMrAN'S POGKKT PROBLEM. After the ankle watch omed the ankle arse ! Anyone who seen a young Iady bend own and apparently commence to unlace her shoes should not be snrpr~sed. She is probably reaching down to take some money from her prse. The ankle purse my new be obtained in some London shops. It is made of leather, and straps round a wo man's foot jnusHt above the boot. Thus the come "the problem of the pocket. At one time, when skirts were made considerably wider than at present, there was little dif ficulty in provdin a pocket somewhere. But in the hobble skirt there is no room for nything of that eart, So womenkind have been forced to carry their purse and their handkerchief in a little hand bag, which is, however, apt to be in the way when a large muff is in use. Many people will, of course, regard the ankle purse as outre. Certainly the ankle watch has by no means become "the rage." EDUCATION AND RESEARCH. PROPOSED NEW SOCIETY. A movemelt is on foot for the purpose of establishing a permanent secretariat for educational conferences with a view to the formation of a learned society representative of the scientific and psychological aspects of education. In connection with the various conferences held in January last in South Kensington and elsewhere, the desire has often been expressed for an organisation which might form a centre for research and inter-communication among those who are interested in education. For some months the counclP of the Teached" Guild has been considering the formation of such a centre, and it hopes before long to invite the co operation of other educational bodies in a defite' scheme. The formation of snrh a . . - 'I " . society has from the first been among the a]s objects which the Teachers' Guild has had b in view; and this new development will not is interefere in any way with the useful work tl which the Guild has been doing for tea- is chers since its foundation in 1883. L \- ti DANISH PHILANTHROPIST. tl DR. CARL JACOBSEN. A Copenhagen correspondent reports that t] death of Dr. Carl Jacobsen, one of Den- la mark's most eminent citizens, at the age of 72\. Dr. Jacobsen was the owner of the E Carlsberg Brewery, one of the largest es- h tablishments of its kind in the world. He y had studied the brewing industry in Bri- n tain, and married'a Scottish lady. But he a was chiefly famous for his services to art t: and science. His Carlsberg Laboratory is a a scientific institution of high reputation, to p which scientists, not only in Denmark but p also from foreign lands, including many d from England, have resorted for the pur- p poses of study and research. This labora- s tory was the first out of France -to adopt n Pasteur's methods. Its founder also gave p to Copenhagen a splendid collection of sculp- I ture and an art museum which includes uni- t que examples of antique art, and of the best n modern masters. For the adornment of the parks, streets, and public places Dr. Jacob sen was the donor of hundreds. of works of the sculptor's genius. With his children's c consent, he left them only small legacies, b and bequeathed practically the whole of his f fortune for art purposes. f UNPOPULAR EUGENICS. g / AMERICAN DOCTORS STRIKE. Dr. Horace Brown, of Milwaukee (U.S.A.), has made public the reasons which have in spired his colleagues to strike against the recent eugenics law and to refuse to give health certificates to those about to marry. He explains that it is not the smallness of 8 the fee which has caused the "strike," for, if this was the case, nothing would be eas ier than for all the doctors to make out a lot, of certificates in blank and have them 1 passed out to any applicant who was ready to pay the fee. Dr. Brown says:-"The true reason why the medical men refuse to make 1 out these certificates is that the examina- t tion, according to the demand of the Act, S would involve at least four Wassrmann tests, extending over a period of four months. Each test, if properly done, would a cost from ten to fifteen dollars. After these, < a Noguchi test would be necessary. Be sides this all spinal reflexes would have to be tested, all bones of the body examined, a as well as the joints. The liver, eyes, and I throat must undergo a severe and careful t examination; and if all this were done it r would require at least six months in which to do it. It is for this reason that the medi cal profession, knowing its responsibility to 1 the public, loons upon the Bill as it now reads as being the most absolute nonsense." 1 SOCIAILSM. AND MR. VINCENT ASTOR. Mr. Vincent Astor, "America's richest young man," publishes a dlignified reply to the open letter in which Mr. Upton Sinclair urged him to devote his many millions to the advancing of the cause of socialism. The argument used by the author of "The Jungle" was that there are 10,000,000 des stitute people in America to- day, and that socialism provides the only means of reliev ing their sufferings. To this Mr.: Vincent Astor retorts that he is "fortunately" as sociated with many organisations interest ed in sociological questions, and that in his studies he has had- the benefit of the ex perience and advice of the leadin" officers of the American Federation of Labour and the chiefs of the Railway Brotherhoods. He asserts that not one man entitled to speak for the working classes whom he has met "regards socialism as a cure for the evils which we all recognise and deplore." Mr. Vincent Astor begs Mr. Sinclair to accept from' him copies of the "American Federa tionist" containing a symposium showing the all-round improvement in the standard of living in recent years among the working population of the United States. He ends by confessing an utter inability to under stand how anyone, after digesting the in formation contained therein, can. assert, as does Mr. Sinclair, that we are "moving to day with the speed of an avalanche into one of the most terrific cataclysms in the his tory of mankind." WONDER-WORKING MADE EASY. HOW TO SPEAK ANY LANGUAGE. "The Scdetific Method of Doing Miracles by Right ~Thinking" was the subject of a lecture delivered under the auspices of the British Phrenological Society by Mr. F. L. Rawson, in the Food Reform Restaurant, Furnival-treet, Holborn, London. The lec turer, after announcing that the end of the world would come about within the life time of those present, said that wonder working by thought was one of the simplest things in the world. If an out-of-work came to them and told them of his hard case all they had to do was simply to. think of Heaven, and that there were no out-of works there. Instantly the man had a job again. If a man was angry they murs turn their heads away, and realise that there was no anger in a perfectly ideal spiritual state where all is love. At once the man's anger would be assuaged, or it would rarely last beyond twelve seconds. "I have appeased the wrath of 2,500 angry men in a similar way," said the lecturer, reassuringly. "The subconscious mind of man knows everything in the material world, past, present, and future," imparted Mr. Rawson, who claimed that a man, by establishing friendly rela tionship between the conscious and uncon scious mind, could speak instantly any lan guage under the sun. The difficulty was that the average man was liable to think that he could not perform these wonders, and accordingly failed. ROCK IN MAN'S BBRAIN. . MINER RECOVERS AETR OPERATION. om the brain of a young Australian miner, who was injured in a blasting acci dent, a piece of rock, an inch and a quar ter by one inch in size, was removed as the result of an amazing operation in St. Bar tholomew's Hospital, London The opera tion left the natient little th5 worse- f his experience except for partial blindness in one eye. "How the man survived the im mediate efects of the explosion, which took place some months ago, a beyond my cam prehension," said the surgeon who perform ed the operation. "The huge fragment of rock entered the orbit (the bony socket con Staining the eye) to the inner and upper aide of thetleft eye, lodged in the porous bone . of the skull, and tore through the dura l mater (one of the coverings of the brain), a of necessity lacerating the brain itself. In removing the rock the eye had to be pulled downwards and outwards, towards the left ear, and even then so large was the frag ment there was the greatest difficulty in withdrawing it through the orbit. The as tounding thing is not only that the man sur Srvived the explosion but also that, although -r his brain must have been lacerated consid I ably he suffers no headaches or other ner e vous symptoms. The sight of the left eye f is, of course, practically lost, only a dim per [ ception of light remaining." The patient, SJoseph Anderson, 23, was married, sags the \- London "Daily Mail," of January 14, just over a week ago, and is returning to As tralsa. i A THOUSAND MILLION STARS. e, ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY. a There seems to be no very cogent reason a. why the velocity with which a' star moves should depend on its colour or spectrum; but this is one of the recent discoveries or inquiries of modern astronomy. It formed the subject of a paper read at ae recent meet ing of the Royal Astronomical Society of London by Mr. Jones, of the Royal Observa tory, Greenwich who gave figures showing the proper motions of the brighter stars near the North Pole considered in relation to their spectral type, which proved that the stars of the type to which our sun be longs have the largest velocities. A second paper from Greenwich, read by Dr. Chapman, was significant in showing how astronomy has progressed in recent years by increasing the limits of visibility, mainly by the help of photography. Not many years ago astronomical discussions treated of stars no fainter than those of magnitude 10 or 11, but Dr. Chapman's paper dealt with stars as faint as the 17th photographic magnitude, treating of their distribution with reference to the Galactic plane. It is well known that a number of stars of all magnitudes increase in regions near the-Milky Way, and the point of this paper was to determine this law of increase. Dr. Chapman was able to name 50,000,000 as the number of the stars down to the 17th magnitude, and with some definiteness he estimated a thousand million as a total. The photographs on which the-research de pended were taken by the late Mr. Franklin Adams an amateur well known in London business circles, and the president, Major E. H. Hills, C.M.G., spoke appreciatively of the fact that the money and time spent by that gentleman were producing such valuable scientific results. MARVELS OF SURGERY. RECORDING HEART BEATS. There are more wonders in modern sur gery than are dreamt of in the average man's philosophy. An instrument which re cords in a basement the electric currents created by the beating of a patient's heart while he lies on a bed in the fifth floor is one of the most remarkable inventions to be found in the new buildings in Westmor land-street, London, of the National Hospi tal for Diseases of the Heart. The buildings were opened recently by Prince Arthur of Connaught. This instrument is known as the electro-cardiograph, and three different types are possessed by the hospital. The novelty of this new installation, however, is that it is connected to all the beds of the hospital, so that the doctor by the bedside can con nect the wires to the patient, and telephone to the doctor below that he is ready. and the instrument will record by the movement .of a needle tracing showing the strength of the electric current caused by the heart's movements. Another instrument provides for taking instantaneous photographs of the heart as revealed by X rays. Prince and Princess Arthur inspected these instru ments with great inerest, and had their cardiograms taken before they left. In the course of his speech Prince Arthur referred m much-appreciated terms to the long con nection between his family and the hospital. The present buildings, which have about twice the accommodation of the old hospital in Soho, cost £21,000, and £7,000 is still needed urgently. MAN'S COMFORT. SCIENCE AND THEOLOGY. "Every man, I do not care what his lab ours may be, will at some moments of his life reflect and try to form an idea as to the world in which he lives; and .hisrelation to that world." Thus Mr. A. J. Balfour, in the course of the first of a series of Giford lectures on "Natural Theology" in the Glas-' gow University. He proceeded: "He will find plenty of people to help him in his diffi culties, and plenty of people ready -to help to solve his problems in the name of science, religion, and philosophy, and one would be inclined at first to suppose that of these three it would always be to philosophy that a man would turn in such difficulties, be cause, after all, it is the business of the philosopher to look at these cosmic prob lems in their entirety. So far as my ob servation'goes, however, i~ is not to philo sophy that people turn in these difficulties. For, every man who really goes to philoso phic study to help him to deal with these fundamental problems a thousand men: go to theology, and thousands to science. What is the God that I wish to talk of? He is a God of Whom it would be inadequate, but not untrue to say that he takes sides, that He works for great ends, that He is a spirit engaging with other spirits and that He is in that sense, which is the only true seine, what.I do not think it profane to call a-social God, a God Who askst vs to work for'Him, a God, therefore, in all those respects Who is to be distinguished, if only provisionally, 'from a sort of Absolute to which everything included within itsbound less limits is equally indifferent, to which the good.and the. bad, all that we admire and all'that.we detest, are equally necessary to foim elements in a perfect whole." 