WeDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1914. The tone of the Note which the United States Government has thought fit to address to the British Government on what may be called the neutral con- traband question is surprising in the extreme. The right of belligerent war- ships to "visit and search" neutral ves- sels for contraband is as clear and defi- nite as any principle of international law. " Its raison d'etre," says Oppen- heim, " is so obvious that it is now " generally recognised in theory and " universally in practice. It is, indeed, " the only means for belligerents to " ascertain whether neutral merchant- " men intend to bring assistance to the " enemy, and to render him services of " maritime transport." The United States, with its immense resources in foodstuffs, coal, oil, and metals, has the power of largely supplying belligerents with the things they most need, and, if they were free to supply them, her citi- zens would most certainly do so. They have, indeed, done so. It was inevit- able, therefore, that on the outbreak of hostilities between the present groups of belligerents the group possessing command of the seas would seek to prevent supplies from the United States reaching the other group. Great Britain, as the Power on the side of the Allies owning immeasurably the strongest navy, has naturally acted as the instrument of that group in ap- plying the right of visit and search. For President Wilson to declare that public opinion in the United States holds Great Britain responsible for the present depression in her industrial life is, therefore, absurd. French and Rus- sian and Japanese warships could law- fully exercise the same power. If Ger- many and her allies were in the ascend- ant at sea the Kaiser's navy would cer- tainly exercise it—and a good deal more drastically than the Americans have yet experienced—to prevent outside foodstuffs from entering the United Kingdom. In her exercise of the right Great Britain has acted with extraor- dinary moderation and restraint. In his unwillingness to inflict the slightest unnecessary loss and inconvenience on American commerce Sir Edward Grey has gone out of his way to suggest means whereby American vessels might avoid search. Let American captains, he said, exhibit their manifests, show- ing where and to whom their goods were consigned, and they would be allowed to pass. Subsequently he went even further than this. The British Government, he declared, would forgo the right of search if shippers, prior to the departure of the vessels from the United States, conferred with the British consul at the port, and satis- fied him as to the nature of the cargoes. France undertook to make the same concession; for concession it undoubt- edlu was and is. The British Government was, indeed, conceding an immense point in making this offer, for, as Sir Edward Grey very candidly informed President Wilson's Government, it had ample proof that a great deal of American oil fuel ex- ported to neutral countries had been re-exported to enemy countries. Oil shipments from New York to Scandina- vian ports alone had before the end of October reached five times their normal dimensions. American exporters, keen to profit to the utmost by the war—or, more correctly, to minimise the losses necessarily brought about by the war— protested against American cargoes being examined in any circumstances. The American Government, it now ap- pears, contends that even foodstuffs are not liable to seizure as contraband un- less they are consigned to the enemy's forces. The British answer is that it this doctrine were uphold the United States would be able to prolong the war indefinitely and nullify the pressure being exerted at such enormous cost by the British fleet. Americans may feel it irksome to be prevented from doing as large a trade as they would like to do, and (but for this interference) would do; but before the American Government complained, as it has, about the depression of Ame- rican trade it might have reflected that Great Britain has a good deal more at stake than her trade, that she is fight- ing for her existence, and is not in the least likely to tolerate anything a neutral Power may wish to do which would have the effect of making her present gigantic task still more difficult. There is no need for President Wilson to demand a " full statement of the " British attitude." He knows it per- fectly well already, and his scarcely veiled threat of the possibility of his having to " take steps to protect Ame- rican citizens engaged in " legitimate " trade " will not deflect Great Britain a hair's breadth from her course. American Governments, it has to be remembered, allow themselves a little more brusqueness in stating grievances and protests of this nature than is usual in polite diplomacy, and the British people will probably view this latest manifestation of the American method with the same calmness as they showed when President Cleveland inter- vened so sensationally in the Venezue- lan affair of 1895. Austria-Hungary is apparently in a serious plight. It is astonishing, when one looks back over the events of the war, to realise that Austria has never once been victorious in an important battle, and has scarcely won one minor engagement The only satisfaction she has obtained from her quarrel with Servia has been derived from the bombardment of Belgrade from the Danube and the taking of the city after its abandonment She has been robbed even of this satisfaction, and on one frontier she is now in disorderly flight before the Russians, and on another the pertinacious Servians are chasing her troops towards Vienna. In the hour of her reverses Austria is harassed by internal political troubles. These are partly the result of the series of defeats and partly fomented because the defeats have made active intrigue opportune. No other country in the world has such a heterogeneous aggregation of peoples as is comprised in the population of the Dual Monarchy territory. Austria Hungary has 02,000,000 people, made up us. follows: AUSTRIA. Germans. 0,100,000 Bohemians and Moravians 0,100,000 Poles . 4,255,000 Ruthenians . 3.400,000 Slovenes. 1,400,000 Croats, Servians, on. 1,000,000 HUNGARY. Magyars.10,000,000 Germans. 2,200,000 Slovaks. 2,050,000 Rumanians. 3,000,000 C'roiitians. 1,700,000 Servians. 1,500,000 There are other diverse elements in the population, which in the west and south-west of Austria includes some hundreds of thousands of Italians. Political homogeneity with this mixed population would seem to be impossible In ordinary circumstances, but with unsuccessful war causing general discontent internecine trouble seems to be inevitable. The most serious evidence of it, is the Independence movement in Hungary. It is growing in volume and Influence and it may soon demand for its suppression much of the energy now expended on the war. Popular clamour is, so far as we can learn, against a continuance of the war. The distress among the people and the embarrassment to business must be great Austria-Hungary Is sacrificing foreign trade at the rate of something like f250,000,000 a year. I Can the country maintain the struggle much longer? The Austrians have been used as a tool by Germany, and they are DOW realising It. No one versed in European affairs would be surprised if Austria were forced to sue for peace. Should she do so, the beginning of the end would he in sight The elimination of Austria as a belligerent would release such a force of Russians us would complete the discomfiture of the Germans in the east The British descent upon Cuxhaven has brought about a discussion of the possibility of the taking of Germany's naval ports by land attack. This has been debated by German strategists, who have expected and feared that the country would be assailed in this way. General von Bernhardt contemplates land attacks upon German ports by the British. General Frobenius regarded them as inevitable, and as tending to the destruction of the German navy. He assumed that in the event of war Great Britain would violate the neutrality of Holland by landing troops in that country, and would then march them across to Kiel. The navy would be driven out to sea, to encounter the British fleet and guns from the Danish coast. With some moral justification Frobenius considered it certain that Denmark would join the Allies as soon as war broke out The views of German strategists as to land attacks by Great Britain are well known in Germany, and no doubt this accounts largely for the sensation caused in Berlin by the operation against Cuxhaven. Where Mr. Spence's proposed postal reforms are wise they are the outcome of action by his predecessors in office. Where they are original they are not wise. Every sensible person will ap- plaud the decision to put the department upon a proper business basis. The Post office is a trading concern, but until very lately no document worthy of being called a balance-sheet had been produced. Chaos has been the chronic condition of the department and Mr. Spence will be a useful Minister if he becomes the instrument by which the chaos Is reduced to order. But when Mr. Spence becomes an inventor rather than an instrument he Is less useful and more reckless. He is determined to make the telephone service pay by taxing the telephone subscriber. He will do this even if, he taxes this revenue-pro- ducer out of existence. He is like the butler in the poster advertisement who, perspiring over a refractory cork, pants : " Faith, I'll pull it out if I have to push " it in." Mr. Spence will reform the telephone service If he kills it In the process. He makes the strange statement that the more the telephone business increases the less profitable it becomes. Is there any trading firm which finds expansion of business disastrous? The political position in New Zealand has been marked by a series of interesting episodes. The latest relates to a member who for a time held in his power the fate of both Ministry and Opposi- tion. This was Tau Henare, the new Maori member, who was chosen through the influence of the machines for his personal beauty, and not for his politics. Beauty having carried him through the election, he saw; no reason to avow his political faith. In fact, he had none. But he became tremendously important when, leaving him out party numbers were equal and he held the balance of power. Nothing that the whips could say or do would induce him to announce on which side he would vote Every member was in a state of painful tension, and nobody knew when another election would take place. The position was only relieved by the resignation of a Ministerialist who is now, however, a candidate. If he should be returned the deadlock will be revived; if' he should be defeated apparently the Opixi sition will have a majority of two, still leaving Tau Henare out of consideration If this should happen the new Ministerial party will doubtless have the wisdom to choose as Speaker the beautiful young man who had. not declared for either side One hundred thousand men are needed for Australia's part in the defence of the Empire. The response so far is only a little over 30,000. (Page 6.) "Vesta" makes a strong appeal to mothers not to restrain their sons who desire to on list, and points out the vital necessity, to the Empire's future that every available young man should go to the front. Page 10.) Suggestions for holiday motor tours are given in an article in the motoring column, on page 8. . Captain Bean, Australian press representative with the Australian Expeditionary Force, furnishes the German version of the Emden Sydney fight. (Page 7.) The views of M. Hilaire Belloc as to the possibility of an attack on the Suez: Canal are explained and illustrated on page 5. ' Mr. Hall, the Attorney-General for New South Wales, is faced with the problem, Are intoxicating liquors a necessary commodity? (Page 9.) A picturesque narrative of the Battle of Soissons is given on page 5., A marked falling off in immigration has occurred this year. The operations of the department are reviewed by the Minister in charge of Immigration (Mr. Hagelthorn). (Page 5.) The ingenious naval device known as the range-finder and spotter is illustrated on page 5. A State Cabinet meeting will be held to-day. Consideration will doubtless be given to complaints that have been made by Mallee farmers of not having received replica to inquiries as to the distribution by the Government of seed wheat. It is thought that some definite information should be available both as to the period when wheat can be obtained and as to the price to be charged for it. Several important questions are awaiting the determination of the Cabinet, the principal of them being the scope of the proposed Greater Melbourne Council Hill. This will be dealt with at ft full meeting of the Cabinet early in the new year. The Premier (Sir Alexander Peacock) has already intimated that the measure will allow primarily for the management of the metropolitan tramways in the future. It is thought that while the bill will provide for the taking over of various municipal utilities its provisions xxiii in the first place relate to train ways only. "Bradshaw's Guide" for January, containing all the latest alterations and additions to the railway time-tables, post-office information, and coach and road guide, is to hand from the publishers, Messrs. Stillwell and Co. Following are to-day's auction sales:- Beauchamp Brothers, at their rooms, Collins street, household furniture; James A. Wise, at his rooms, Collins street, household furniture. ' t 