OF RURAL INTEREST (By "Rusticus.") Tlio action of tbu Minister of Lands and tlio Minuter of Agriculture in tlio direction of taking stops to check tlio inroads of iho pest known as St. -John's Wort iv lhe lleeohworlh and llright districts is timoly and necessary. Very large areas ot vnluablu country are. being devastated, lv order to cope witn the pest and liofd IV m chock, the .Ministers ha\o decided to ask tlio co-operation of iho municipali ties concerned in first of. nil ascertain ing tlio actual ureu infected, whether it is privately held, or is ou pub lic- roads or "Crown lauds. Immedi ately tbo information lrom the muni cipalities is received ollicurs will -bo sent up to complete tho investiga tion as to the infected aroo.. At uio same time, oilicors of tbu Agricultu ral department "will bo told nlf to in vestigate and report ou tlio proper re niedios to be adopted. On. receipt ol all tbo information tho two .Ministers ■ ill submit recommeudalious to the Uabinot. -, Tho liopo ol tbo immigration autho rities now appears to lio in getting British lads as (arm workers. .Most ot rtlis 2{& lads who arrived by tho steamer i'ort MaoVmrie woro engaged promptly for work 011 farms in various parts ol tlio Slato. .Many of tho laib Had deposited small sums with thu London authorities beforo commencing tho vovngo. Tbo money was remitted lo tbo* State Treasury, anil an officer paid over tbo amounts due to iliom; liaving a littlo capital behind them. Facilities were provided 10 enublo tbo young ouiigrantt. to open, savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves ?f tbo opportunity of commencing- a tund whien ono day they hoped would bo sufficient Ho pureTiase a block • ol land from tlio State. With few ex ceptions tho boys are all of good phy fciqno. They, come from all parts 01 Groat Britain". Another batch ot l'4O bids lor farm work is duo to ar rive by tbo steamer Irishman ou 1H .May. * in older that tho next con tingent ot l?ds might bo cleared with ( as little delay as possible, the iimui- ] gration authorities aro anxious *ahat iarmors requiring labor should ior ward early advice. Tho sub-committee ul tho State Cabinet ou wuosu advko il was deCidul to abandon tbo Maifia Sugar Beet Factory, do not appear to navo got properly acquainted with tho real tooling in Uio district towards tlio in dustry. This uas proved by ibo par tieulur.-. given by aho depuiutiou wiiieu waited ou the Minister ot Agriculture. Tbo members proved, that tbo decision to close down Uio factory bud been taken prematurely. Tho Argentine correspondent uf thu "rnsior.il iUview," writing un iJecem ber 20th, says that "all ibe meat works from Uruguay to l'atagunia mo m lull swing, aud iho compeiiliun tur our cattlo uud siieop is ju.si what our nock-owners aro thoroughly enjoying, nucn splendid prices a* lliey are Kee ling were uut dreamed ol .tweiuy years ago. Kuports ol ao? meat wurfa in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and I'atagoum aro rile. 1 lie luturo 01 tho wouderlul catiJo country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should Do uxcclioni. V;..ii tract,-, ol good pastonil lands aio liemg secured l>>' •North American aud llnti-h capitalists, and stud cattle are being introduced. There is lilo and oxcitemcut in thesu rountries at last. Itailwuxs aud capi tal will do tho re?t." Slock prices lor lreeziug aro quoted as ioiions: — Lincoln cross wethers, special ircezitt, ■2\j t to 20,3, good 1U.3 to 21/; o'.icj., good to special 21/10 to .'"/ I; merino Mothers, special iy;10 U> 'Jl/, goou 17/0 to l'J/a; merino ones, good und special 21/ to 22/0; steals, ill/1-1/ in UUiSI; cows, £'J/17/ to i.13; and lie. lers, £0,11, lo VJjbj. In the many district-, the plough can be sceu at work on iho siublilo pad docks. V\nb the high prices that have ruled lor stock in iho pas'., it 1* only natural that ahecp-uwjsurs \ lil turn their attention, to providing sheep feud in tho winter ami early spring mouths. There can be littio <ioubt that tho "Gartou'' or "Abundauui" oat is tho most, particular oue lor all round purposes of tins kind. It can bo sown with satisfactory results "■ both autumn and spring, and it pro vjtloe, grain ot tbo best quality nilh atraw ol moro than aversigo ■iu;i!:tv When used tor sheep iced iv Oiu t'arly ttagos of growah, the Garlou oat is found to bo particularly palutabto lv tUicop. lv one t-est. this oat uns uaten lirsi out of 16 varieties tri.-d. It is found, however, thjit afu-r l<vd ing doivn the vat Juvs not come a?nj a^ain as do souie of tho other varieties ol oat, and it is thorclorc not .arg-.'ly used Jor autumn hown sheep feed. iv fcomo disirjcts iv Sew ZuaLi'iJ, she Algerian oat is used lairly cxteu?i?eiv. Algerians are found to be very .satis factory lor providing winter feed, nnd then, after upriug leeding, li ilio.v.il to grow lor seed they give good re turns. They appear to excel nutt oats on light soil, and although thu ■* graiu is coarsu and uusuiiablo lor mil ling, yet when iho sheaves are cut very good chaff is obtained. Tho etrjw of Algerians is bright and clean, and is particularly free lrom rust. The Uun oat is another Very popular va riety, and when town early enough, March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feed throughout tho win ter and spring. Further, if it is in tended to Ik; cut lor grain it can be fed later in the spring than any other variety. Souioinaos sheep aro left ou tho crop till tho end ol October, uud then as lnuob as 50 uud GO Ijut^cis per acre threshed at harvest. Tho Dun ijot tillers strongly, and although io thu eye tbero does not appear to be much bulk of ieod, sht.'ep svi-m to find 'iMnty to keep them going for wimo Ciuio. Duns appear to do better when kepi well feu down, as in most seasons ll'ty grow long M'eak straw, which soon lod ges iv not weather. Alany farmers Will stick by tho Danish oa* for all round purposes. Thes?j oats certainly provide good grecu loed, aud (.taint ieeding well, Besides providing satisfac tory1 firain aud chaff. In a. recent address, Prof. T. L. Haocker, of the Minnesotta Oollcgo of Agi'icuKuro, bhowed how tho milk pro duction p6r cow had bit'n increased in Minnesota in tho past twenty years from 2SOO Ib. per Bin per year to 4000 lb.. the butter from 127 lb. per coyr to 177 lb., or an increaso of near- i \y 3 lb. of butter per cow per yearf after twenty years. Ho also gave l'aet? and figures deducted from a cow con 6U?, showing that tbo average produc tion of butter-fat per cow depended not ?o muoh on breed as on tho caro and feed given tho cow. The milk production, in other words, w&s; in the Dame ratio -with the amount of intelli gence expended on tho herd. Experi ments demonstrated that from a com mon cow tho caro determined whethei she produced 100 lb. of 300 lb of but ter in a year. A. new wheat is reported from tho Jamestown district, South Australia. Of five acres sown, two acres were cut for hay, and returned six tous, and tho remainder, stripped for grain, yielded 39 bags, which represented an avCTacu of about 40 bushels to the ??c. Tlio wheat originally n-as introduced from the Orange River Colony, South Af rica, and is reputed to maiuro very early, as well as having drought-resist ing qualities* 