OF RURAL INTEREST (By "Rusticus.") The aotion of the Minister of Lands and the Minister of Agriculture in th« direction of takmg steps to cheok the inroads of the pest known as St. John's Wort in the Beechwortii and Bright diatnets is timely and necessary. Very large areas of valuable country are being devastated. lu order to cope with the pest and hold it in ..ncoli, the Ministers have deoided to ask the co- opera.tion of the municipali ties concerned in first, or all ascertain ing the actual area infected, whether it is privately held, or is on pub lic roads or (Jrown lands. Immedi ately the information from the muni cipalities is received officers will be sent up to complete the investiga tion as to the "infected area. At the same time, officers of the Agricultu ral department will be told off to in vestigate and report on the proper re medies to be adopted. On receipt ol nil the information the two Ministers will submit recommendations to the Cabinet. The hope of the immigration autho rities now appears to lie in getting British lads as iarm workers. Most 01 the 2b8 lads who arrived by the steamer Tort Maoquarie were engaged promptlv for work on farms in various parts or* the State. Many of the lads" nad deposited small sums with the London authorities before commencing '(.he voyage. Tne money was remittee .o the State Treasury, unci au officer aid over the amounts due to those having a little capital behind them. Facilities were provid.d to enable the ' young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of tne opportunity of commencing a fund whioh one day they hoped would be sufficient >to purcliase a block of land from the State. With few ex ceptions the boys are all of good phy sique. They come from all parts or Great Britain. Another batch of 240 lads for farm work is due to ar rive by the steamer Irishman on 1 J. <-•' May. In order that the next con tingent of lads might bo cleared witn as little delay as possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious that farmers requiring labor should for ward early advice. The sub committee of the State Cabinet on whose advice it was decided to abandon the Mali... Sugar Beet factory, do not appear to have got properly acquainted with .the real feeling in the district towards the in dustry. Tms was proved by the par ticulars given by the deputation union waited on the Minister of Agriculture. The members proved that the decision •to close down the factory had been u;ken prematurely. l'he Argentine correspondent of the •Pastoral Review," writing on Decem ber 20th, says rthat "all the meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia are in full swing, and the competition for our ca'ttle and sheep is- just what our stock- owners are tnorough;y enjoying. Sjiicn splendid prices as they are-.get- . ting were not dreamed of"twenty years ago. iUparts of ne.v meat _ works in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and Patagonia are rue. The future oi the wonderful eat-tle country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil) should bo excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral iands are being secured by A or ill 'American and British capitalists, and stud cattle are being introduced. There is lite and excitement iu these countries at iast. .Railways and capi tal will do the rest." Stock prices tor freezing are quoted as follows: Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 21/ to 26/3, good 19/3 to 21/; owes, good to speoial 21/10 -to 27/1; merino wethers, special 19/10 to 21/, good 17/(3 to 19/3 i merino ewes, good and special 21/ to 22/6; steers, £11/14/ to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and hei iers, £(5/11/ to £9/5/.' In the many districts the plough can be seen at work on the stubble pad docks. With the high prices that nave ruled for stock in the past, it ia only natural that sheep-owners \ ill turn iho.r attention to providing sheep Eeed in the winter and early spring months. "There can be little doubt Lhat the "Garton" or "Abundance" oat is tue-most particular one for all round purposes of this kind. It can be sown With Satisfactory results in both autumn and spring, and it pro vides grain of the best quality with straw oi inoro than average quality. When used for sheep feed in the early stages of growth, the Garton oat is found to be particularly palatable to sheep. In one test this oat was eaten first out of 16 varieties triid. It- is found, however, that after feed ing down the oat does not come away ag'ain as do some of tie other \ ariei-ie^ ot oat, and it is "tliortior© not used ior autumn sown siict-p feed. In aOine districts in Isew Zealand, the Algerian oat is used fairly extent eiy. Algerians are found to be very .-atis l'actory for providing winter feed, and then, after spring feeding, if .illo,v*l to grow- lor seed they give good le turns. They appear to excel niJst oats on light sod, and alt-hough the grain is ooarse and unsuitable for mu ling, yet when the sheaves are cut very g;xjtl chalf is obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, sud is particularly free irom rust l-is Dun oat is another very popular va riety, and when sown early enougn, say^March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feed throughout the win ter and spring. Further, if it is in tended to be cut for grain it can be fed later in the spring than any oilier variety. Sometimes sheep are »elt on the crop till the end of October, and then as muoh as 50 and 00 ousnels per acre threshed at harvest. The Dun uat til.ers strongly, and althougn to the eye there does not appear to be n'-ucn bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty iu ke^p them going for some time. Duns appear to do better when kept well fed down, as in most seasons they "■row long weak straw which soon lod ges in wet weather. Many farmers st.11 stick by the Danish oat for a.11 round purposes. These oats certainly provide good green teed, and stain; feeding well, besides providing satisfac torv grain and chaff. _ In a recent address, Proi. T. L. Haccker, of the Minnesotta College of Aui-.t ui.u.'e, showed how the milk pro duction per cow had b-en increased in Minnesota in the past twenty years from 2S00 lb. per oow per year to 4000 lb., iho butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 ib., or an increase of near ly 3 ib. of butter per cow per yean after tweniy years. He also gave facts and figures, deducted from a cow cen sus, showing that the averago produc tion of butter-l'at per cow depended not so muoh on breed as on the cars and feed given the cow. The milk production, in other words, was m the same ratio with th. amount of intelli gence -expended on the herd. Experi ments demonstrated that from a com mon cow the care determined whetfjei she produced 100 lb. of 300 lb of bu ter in a year. A new wheat is reported from the Jamestown district, South Australia. Of five acres sown, two acres were cut for hav, and returned six tons, and the remainder, stripped for grain, yielded 3<) bags, which represented an average of about <10 bushels to tho acre. The wheat originally was introduced from the Orange Iliver Colony, South At rica, and is reputed to mature very early, as well as having drought-resist ing qualities. 