Literature. \---: o:- (By "Hermit.") GRAND PRIS lI)Kt LITTERATUBE. There are many. signs which show that.the world is tiring of the fiction of the period as represented by Wells and others of his schoul. However cleverly they man masquerade, the) cannot hide the artificiality of the " get-up." T'heir revolt becomes "estagey." T'hey e.write under the pain of estrained emotions. When they take up the role of tile prophet their preachings become jeremiads of por tentousness. The world of readers is -weary ofbeing plunged into gulfs of dark despair, in which there is no glimmering ray. These problems and perplexities, with their glaring artifi cralities, have produced a mental nau sea. The reader gladly turns from thiem at the first offering of some thing with a halo ; something which unfolds itself with simplicity and ex hibits life sanely and steadily. Even weavers of drab romance like Arnold Bennett, or writers of the type of Mrs. Barclay, afford a relief; the tedious ness of the former and the emotional ism of the latter, notwithstanding. One of the signs of the present re volt against the bizarre, and the ab normal in individualand collective life, is the decision of the..French Academy in awarding itq Grand Prix de Lit.tera ture (£400) to Andre Lafon's book. 'eTean Gilles, Schoolboy." The award liEs a special significance when one considers the perfonnel of the commit tee. Paul Bourget- Pierre Loti. Rene azin, Maurice Barres, and Marcel Prevost, are names to conjure with in writing or speaking of ,French novel ists. The story of "Jean Gilles" deals with the realities of life in a simple unaffected style. There is no straining after-effects, no Jevian thun der. All is simple, straightfor ward. and direct. There is no fine writing to be observed in it. It hvoids emotionalism, though it gives fre play to natural ,feelings. In a word, its meats are not spiced. The author keep1 close to life, and the re cords pourtray the wistfulness of child hood and the material objects which isake up so much of a child's life. T'ie little happinesses, the bright imaginings. the caressing tendencies. the blissful attainments, the zest o7 pure enjiovments-these conjure up many tender memories as the reader scans the pages a memories of the days that are no rmore. Lady Theodore Davidson, who has made the English translation, gives .ome interesting information in re gard to the personal history of the author. His parents rank as "middle cqss" in soeriptv. He was born at dlaze 29 years .-go. He fInit school at 15, owing to reversos in fortune, and became a clerk. He esent his nihets n study, and at lengthtook a Uni versity degree, returnine to his former school as ushir., He afterwards joined the staff of the College de Sainte ol-x at't Neuilly, as prefect. This breught him into intimate relations with school-boy life. It was while priefet that he wrote his hook. With r&ard; to the rpward by the distin luished committee, iWhich is the French literarv blue ribbon for the year. Lady Theodora says. "On the gieat day a member roseR. and with all' the pereuaes-e force of polished iratore pfeadt?,the. reessf r p"ryouth fill unknown usher of a eountr, col lege. who. hlie said, had produc?d a work perfect in tone, insight, and deli cate charm." The prize was on the eve of beinlg given to another, hut the arnpeal secured it to Andre Tafoi for his book, "Jean Giles, Schoolbloy." s B·ooks and Bookrnen American Humour.--Prqiessor Step hen Leacock, of M'Gill University, Montreal, writes in the "Nineteenth trnturv" on American humour (says the reavwwer in the "Sydney Morning a.g Herald.") It may be a some what venturecome task to write on ienmour sin a serious and crltlical strain, but Professor Leacoock is esual to the task. At the outset he reminds us that the literary critics of England gave to Mark Twain. his first recognition as a man of letters, while yet the over-sophisticated in tellect of Boston. persisted in view inte him as a Nevada journalist: and srtemnus 'ard, during his brief career, was the joy of English audi enoes, puzzled and enraptured with the very mystery of his humour. In the literary dearth of America-and Professor Leacock insists, that "we ]teople of Aniprica have not shown ourselves, a literaro people"-there has, tbeen one salient exception, and this has been foundl in the province of humorous writing. Further, he says the fresh air of the western country and the joy of living in the open, have inspired Americans with a sheer exuberant love of lying that has set its mark upon their literature. The Americans produce humorous writ ing because of their intensely huoor lus perception of things, and in deipite of the fact that they are not a literary people; the British people produce a higher form of humorous litprature, because of their literary spirit, and in spite of the fact that their general standard of humorous perception is lower. In the one case humour forces literature, in the co.ther literature forces humour, Dr. George Brandes, the'great Danish critic, has been to the United States, and his visit has provoked some in teresting statements from him in the "Independent" on literature of to day. " 'Literature is no longer national, as typifying a race,' he said, ' it is noew only a matter of the languago in which it is printed. When I pick up a book I no lonrecr notice whether it is published in .New 'ork or Londonl. in Vienna or Blrlin. It is sufeicient fit is English or iGerman. There arc po longer any iliure racial stocks. liat we call Franme, for example, is wade sip of more than a hundred racial stocks; its very oname comesa from a IGerman tribe. 'Your literature will always re msain . English, despite the inemigra tion of other races. You crush them into your life, they are unable to es cape. The Jew in Russia remains distinct. In Denmark hle ihas the blue eyes and flaxen hair of the Dane. No matter how great the imn migration, when immigrants or their children learn to speak Eng!ish, then they are yours. "'You have one author whose work I admire. I count Henry James al most.a personal, friend. His " The Americans" typifies best to me your breaking of the caste traditions of Europe. The Frenchcman v.wants to fight a duel, because to him life is cheap, but the An\,,uriean, whI hais learned its value, will not fight. Itut with James, as wilth all your Ameri can and Englilsh writers,. I am s l - wass conscious of the reserve of the author. IHe does not present life frankly to us. He leaves out, veils, or at heast only suIggests the one real prohles of life-sex. 1 do not mean in the physical sense, ibust as it relates to the conflict between man and wo minn. I]isen wan the first In under cindl the psyiholoIy if this contllct. There are things shout iallt \hit man I nadmire+ , uit I shrink from him ,i his pfernonal habits Iliend in'. That. s not th, kind. f sex 1 mI an, l.ack of intellectual indrpendon'e is lhe Unritd Sit< l; " ,hiiif IiuI." ('iharlen Stolzle. sriting in the "'Continenlt. 'ivres sotiie inltelrctliE items r'agrding ' ltphi Conni' r," whone real ini' is ('tarl's Wt. Clor don, D.1IL, l..L,1). lr. IGoidon, fr,, h riom thl'. sitneinary m .i 2 yrs ar ,. b,' ,llnille til' in or trf hPIt it hitlrI ch]urclho,. a'mon the rmuch Selkirk mouncain ini. ltisiit.s these churchris 1 ' had sv'l' runil rll' toll it]lill ta I ui s ill I:ar nwny eitmpsl. n'hiire hle lahotured for four i-.ars. ''hin ht, wa-t eI1tlhI'id 1i1 tie riihurih v.hiihl till viri rconltl y h' i iin - inoued to rri',.-Sft. Sti'tuphi'i 's. Winii nr'. The story o" Ith' way in which I;ordon's v.i'ys hlie'llllll )pi i1i thi le liteerary lside of thin,' is dl- l v intr ePtinc. "'On dat' hl .. if :1': I ?io A.i chIa hh,,l ll, edltor. ? h. .I.e A. Ma?cdonald, uo?. editor of the 'Toronto Globe,' but then running the leading Presbyterian weekly of the Do minion. Gordon had just had ' seance with the home mission, commit tee of the Canadian Presbyterian Church, and he was in despair. 'They will never understand that field,' he blurted out to Macdonald. 'To be sure they will not,' replied the big. red headed Scotsman. 'Look at the cold blooded way that you report upon it-with your statistics and dry facts -why don't you write a story that will put life into it :" And Gordon got bIusy. le wrote a Christmas story about the Selkirks, which afterwards became the basis of the now famous book, 'lIlack Rock.' Bult when he sent the story to Macdonald he did not sign it. The editor did not want to trint. the name of 'lev. Charles W. iordon' as the author, hecause he thought there were too imany tsic turesque cuss words in it for a Preacher to stand for. So he wired Ihis friend: 'How shall I sign your so ?' '('annor,' came back the re gl-. 'Cannor. (annor-what in the world does he mean by Cannor?' mused the editor. lie told me the story himself. 'That won't do at all,' he concluded. I'll print it Con nor--that's a good, stropg Irish name, and I'll gi\', him another name--l'll call him lIRalph--]tlph Conner.' Mac donald reasoned that ifl hle did print Cannor, everyone would at once under lstand that it was merely a psendonym, and that they'd try to iind out who it was. 'allph Conner' might be a real name. Now what G(ordon meant by 'Cannor' was to combine the first vyllables of 'Ianadian North-west.' ,h',n ( horn. after writing several short stories for the Presbyterian onper, completed 'BIlack ]Rock' he zouldn't lind a puhlisher. It won't sell,' they all said. 'It's got too much iemperance and religion in it." The siok was finally puhlished by Mac lonatld. i'it ii "a not until it got in Io thi Anmerican (U;nited States) market that it began to sell. Then it 'ent olff like the proverbial "hot pies." 