ARMY APPROACHING LILLE. HUGE ALLIED ARMY NEAR NAMUR AUSTRQ-ITALIAN RELATIONS STRAINED. JAPAN AT WAR WITH GERMANY CAMPAIGN IN BELGIUM. BIG BATTLE IN PROGRESS. I OSTEN!); August 23. j It is reported that a big battle is pro- gressing in the province of Hainault, fol- lowing upon a sanguinary encounter be- tween outpostsv at Little Amsterdam. No details have been received. The "Telegraaf's" Antwerp correspon- dent states that the Germans have eya cuated the whole of Northern Belgium. GERMANS MARCHING ON LILLE. CUTTING ALL COMMUNI- CATIONS. LONDON, August 24. An- Ostend telegram states that the Ger- mans are marching in considerable force towards the city of Lille, in the north- west of France, and are cutting all com- munications along their flank, especially iu the direction of Antwerp. The last boat to England carried £l,-2CO,0CO from the banks at (Fstend. The Belgian Minister for Justice states that the torts at Liege and Namur are still 'holding out. POSITION OF THE ALLIES. STRONGLY PLACED. TOUGH PROPOSITION FOR THE GERMANS. LONDON, August 24. , The "Daily Telegraph" states that 500,000 of iihe Allies occupy a triangle, of which the apex is at Namur. One side is be- tween Namur and Mons, and the other be- tween Namur and Givet. The base is through Phillipsville to .Mons. The east side is covered by the Meuse and the west by the Sombre, while the base rests on a fortified line, including Maubeuge. The position is excellent for tike artillery, while the many roads in the vicinity wouid make retreat easy in the event of defeat. The eastern country is difficult for the German army, and the Germans advancing on Mons and Charleroi have no defensive positions for a beaten army. Indications are that the German eastern attack will be based on Rochefort and Ciney. Namur occupies an important situation at the confluence of the rivers Meuse and Sambre. -whose valleys must always form the main lines of communication -with the north-east (Liege) and the south (Dinant and 'North-East France). Namur is a natu- rally strong position for a defending army, | being built on the heights above the river. It was strongly fortified by the Belgian«, and probably now bristles with the guns of the Allies. Dinant is also a powerful fortress, and Givet, on the French frontier, is a forti- ed town, and a place of war of the first class. It is at the end of an elevated tongue of land, projecting into Belgian ter- ritory. On an adjacent height is the cita- del of Charlemont, built by Charles V., Emperor of Germany-, and reconstructed by Vauban. Mons, at the other end of the base line of the Allies, is 20 miles east-north- east of Valenciennes. Its old fortifications, which, before the present war, were covered with fine boulevards, are once more mounted with big guns. Charleroi is a Belgian for- tress, about midway between Namur and Mons, on the north front of the Allies. This also is a strong position. ! GERMANS IN BRUSSELS. OFFICERS DANCING WITH BELGIAN GIRLS. OSTEXD, August 24. It is estimated that 200,000 Germans had passed through Brussels up to Friday night, while 75,000 more went in the direction of Antwerp, and 10,000 remained in Brussels, under the command of Count Sixt von Ar- nim. The equipment of the whole German army was perfect in every detail. The general staff in Brussels are requl sitioning food and other supplies, but the private soldiers are paying for everything they obtain. The officers do not pay in cash, but give cheques. There were lively scenes in the principal hotels in Brussels after the German occupation, the officers of the invaders drinking champagne freely, dancing with the girls, and generally con- versing freely with the inhabitants. The officer in command of the German force hoíding Brussels has placarded the city with a proclamation which states that he is forced by circumstances to make levies. He requests the population to ac- quiesce, and not to adopt an aggressive at- titude, otherwise he will have to take severe measures. The Germans each even- ing seize the day's receipts of the Brussels tramways. LIEGE IN~EXTREM1S. TWO F0RTS STILL HOLD OUT. GERMAN COMMISSARIAT IMPROVING. AMSTERDAM, August 24. A correspondent of the "Gazette de Hol- ' lande,"' who lately visited Liege, says the streets are full of commandeered motor cars, flying at break-neck speed to all parts of the city, carrying soldiers with loaded rifles. Two of the forts still hold out, but German siege guns, mounted on other forts, are furiously bombarding them. The forts are unable to answer the fire because of the damage that would be done to the city. The Germans themselves admit that of 3,000 men forming the Fifty- third In- fantry Regiment, only 500 were alive after the attack on the forts. German trains are now running between Brussels and Liege, and telegrapbic com- munication has been opened with Berlin. The German commissariat, except to the south of Aleuse, is improving, showing that the motor service from the German rail- way termini over the Belgian frontier, has been much strengthened The patrols are using armored cars, eacli carrying from eight to ten men with a quickfirer. GERMAN EXACTIONS. AN ATTEMPTED JUSTIFI- CATION. LONDON, August 24. The "Cologne Gazette," in justifying the fines imposed on Brussels and Liege, states that the war tribute is exacted in punish- ment for the bad treatment the Germans in Belgium received a fortnight ago, when innocent Germans, quietly doing their work, were handed over to the tender mercies of a mob. "The citizens of Liege," remarks the paper, "will now feel per- sonally and bodily that the hunting of de- fenceless women is a different thing from having an enemy quartered in their own homes." GERMAN BRAVAD0. HUSSARS PAY DEARLY FOR A TRiCK. PARIS, August 24. The ' Temps" state» that yestei day twenty "Death's Head" Hussars entered Charleroi, which lies within the Allied lines, and rode quietlv up the street, call in«- '""We are friends." The citizens, mis taking them for English cavalry, cried "Vive L' Angleterre,"' until a Belgian officer, realising the mistake, gave the alarm. The Belgian soldiers killed two of the Ger- mans and put the rest to flight. .FIGHTING 1 ALSACE.! HEAVY FIGHTING IN THE ¡ VOSGES. LONDON, August 23. Renter's correspondent in Paris states that the French losses in the fighting in the Vosges during the last three days have been very heavy. The German losses are indisputably as great. The official state- ment says:-"The French left the small neutral zone inside the frontier, and when the Germans advanced to the_ crests re- quiring dislodgment the French captured "Hohnck and Schlucht. The difficulties were greater in the central section, where j the Germans were entrenched. The French got round by way of the Urbeis and Saales passes and shelled the German rear. These I operations were costly, especially at Saales, but they paved the way for the occupation of Donon and Saales and opened np . the way to the Bruche Valley." French telegrams confirm previous re j ports of the recent fighting Detween the Republican forces and the - enemy, which secures for the French the virtual occi^ tion of the eastern face of the Vosge3 Mountains from Donon to Ballon d'Alsace. REPORTED -FRENCH REVERSE. RIDICULOUS GERMAN EXAGGERATION. PARIS, August 23. It is officially stated that German offi- cial telegrams report that a reverse to their arms in Lorraine on Thursday, was transformed into a rout of the French on Jonday, wherein the latter lost 10,000 men, taken as prisoners, and 50 guns. This, is a ridiculous exaggeration. The German succès« in Lorraine was no greater than the French achieved in Alsace. The guns captured certainly were fewer than the number given bj' the Germans, and the total killed, wounded, prisoners, and missing did not nearly amount to 10,000. No French detachments have crossed the Meurthe River. All remain at the fort at Nancy. Tin's mon.entary reverse >'s the only such episode of a struggle which necessarily'entails numerous alterations of positions in the ebb and flow of battle along the extensive front. THE FIGHT AT MULHAUSEN. DESPERATE AND GRIM. HAND-TO-HAND BAYONET ENCOUNTERS. PARIS, August 24. The French continue to make good their hold on lower Alsace. Last week they captured Schirmeck, a town 26 miles west of Strassburg, and although the Germans who had advanced across the frontier into , the department of Meurtke- et-Moselle I evacuated the whole of the region around ' Longuyon and Briey in an attempt to dis , lodge them they failed. 1 Telegrams " from Basel, in Switzerland, stato that details of the fighting that oc- curred on August 8 and. 9 prior to the German reoccupation of Mulhausen are now becoming public property. The Ger- mans on Sunday shelled the town, and the population took refuge in the cellars. After the shellfire the German infantry, moving forward in close formation, stormed the French entrenchments at the bayonet point. So fierce was the charge that the French began to give way. Those to the east and north of the town re- treated, and the Germans followed them on the run. At the street corners in Mul- hausen knots of breathless Frenchmen wheeled and faced the enemy. They formed in double and triple lines, and a fusillade followed, but each encounter ended always in the same rush of charging Germans, the clash of steel, and, a shriek as the bayonet was driven home. Then the French ran again. ', The ghastly work was continued until j nightfall. The German tactics involved ! terrible loss of life, but they were prac ¡ tically assured of victory owing to their ' superior weight of numbers. When the Germans had secured possession of the town there were dead and wounded at every street corner and beneath every arch- way. The .French and German dead were buried in common graves, dug in the sur- rounding fields. Many of the wounded crawled into the cornfields to escape being trodden upon by the fighters. For days afterwards the Germans searched the corn for possible dead. The schools and churches, as well as many cottages, were filled with wounded, who had been left for 10 or 12 hours in the fields and on the roads, while the rival forces surged backwards and forwards. The French, under General P.iu, have since recaptured Mulhausen. PLAN OF AJN TWERP. This famous fortified city and naval arsenal of Belgium is the centre of the foreign trade of the country, and since the occupation of Brussels by the invaders has been the seat of government. THE RUSSIAN ADVANCE. OPERATIONS IN EAST PRUSSIA. ENEMY FALL BACK FROM FRONTIER. ST. PETERSBURG, August 23. It is officially stated that in the early stages of the engagement between the Rus- sians and the Germans at Gumbinnen, East Prussia, the Germans attempted an enveloping movement _ which failed._ Later they'asked for an armistice to permit them to bury their dead. The request was re- fused. The Russians are now pursuing the enemy. The German forces are -withdrawing from the frontier at Willenberg, south-by- east of Könisberg. THE BATTLE .OF GUM BINNEN. BIG STRATEGIC VICTORY. ' ST. PETERSBURG. August 24. Particulars are now available concerning the battle of Gumbinnen. The fighting lasted two days. The invading Russian anny, commanded by General RennenkampL, was opposed by three .German Army Corps, supported by 200 guns, but gained a victory of great strategic value. The Germans were driven across the River Angerapp and lost many of their guns. The Russian left completely enveloped the remnant of the Germans, who were holding the lake region. The Russians subsequently occupied Jo hannfeburg and Ortelsbung, towns in south- east Prussia some distance south of Gum- binnen, and are now sweeping through the environs of Insterburg, west of Gumbin- nen. They have also captured Darkeh men, 20 miles south of Insterburg, and they are now at Soldán, where they are_ threat- ening the German lines of communication. Tlie Germans have evacuated Neiden bnrg. near the southern frontier of.East Prussia, after setting fire to the town. It is reported that in the above engage- ments the Germans lost, in killed or wounded, two-thirds of their effective fight- ing force. AUSTRIANS REPULSED. LONDON, August 24. The Russian army operating against Austria continues to achieve successes. It is reported that nine Russian squad- rons attacked and routed a strong Austrian force near Pruhov, a town between Milot cheff and Sboroff, in Poland, and captured two mounted batteries and 160 prisoners. The Austrian force which attacked Vladi- mir Volyniki, on the Galician frontier, is now in headlong retreat towards Sokal. The Russians have occupied Soz and the fords across the River Sered. SERVIA'S CAMPAIGN. THE BATTLE OF LOZNÍTZA. HUGE AUSTRIAN DISASTER. BELGRADE SAFE. NISH, August 24. Details have been received of the .crushing defeat inflicted by the Servians upon the Austrian army that recently ciossed the Drina and invaded Servia. It is officially announced that three Austrian army corps totalling 100,000 men, under General Potiorek. crossed the SCENE OF THE NEXT BIG BATTLE. To-day's cables indicate xhat half a million Allies occupy a triangle, of which Namur is the apex, with Mons on one side and Givet on the other, with the base running through Phillipsville to Mons, The positions held by the Allies are in- dicated by the shaded portion of the map, while the advancing German armies are indicated by arrows at Ciney and Roche fort on the east, and near Ath on the north. Drina and- took up a nosition in a triangle lying between the towns of Loznitza and jShabatz and Mount Tzer. The battle r began on the banks o'f the Jadar, near .its junction with the Drina. Several , Servian regiments made fierce bayonet charges and with the aid of a well directed fusillade from the Creusot quick firers turned the Austrian right wing. The Austrians retired in disorder. Subsequently the Serbs carried at the point of the bas-onet most of the forts protecting Vishegrad, on the Drina, in Bosnia. All the attacks bv the enemy on Ob renovatz, Belgrade, Bombrovitza, and Tekia have been definitely repelled. . There is great elation in Servia at the defeat of General Potiorek. who is the Austrian Governor of Bosnia, and the man responsible for the prosecutions that followed tlie minder of the Archduke Franz Ferdinand. AUSTRIA ABANDONS OFFEN- SIVE OPERATIONS. HER ARMIES~S!ENT AGAINST RUSSIA. LONDON, August 24. The Austrian Official Telegraph Agency announces that the Austrian army is now required to resist Russia, and therefore will abandon the offensive against Servia. The Servian operations hereafter wiil take the form of a punitive expedition and not of a definite war. JAPAN DECLARES WAR. HOSTILITIES BEGUN; LONDON, August 23. Japan has declared war on Germany. Japan's ultimatum to the Kaiser was in many respects phrased similarly to that which Germany sent-to Japan in 1935, in the closing stage of the Russo- Japanese war, with regard to Port Arthur. TOKIO, August 23. A rescript issued by the Mikado com- mands the Japanese army and navy to engage in and carry on hostilities with ! all strength to attain the national aim. The Mikado added, "We hoped to pre- serve peace in the Far East, but Britain was compelled to declare war, and Ger- many is busy with warlike preparations at Kiao-Chou. The German warships are threatening Japanese and British commerce, and the Kaiser has not re- plied to Japan's sincere advice." GERMANY DEFIANT. AMSTERDAM, August 23. An official telegram from Benn states that the German Government have verbally informed the Japanese M nister there that there is no reply to the Mikado's ultima- tum, and they will be obliged to recall their Ambassador from Tokio. DEFENCE OF KIAO-CHOU. THE HARBOR MINED. ITALY AND AUSTRIA. RELATIONS STRAINED. ITALY MAY JOIN THE l ENTENTE. PARIS, August 23. It is reported that there is acute tension between Italy and Austria. It appears that the latter reproached Italy for af- fording facilities to the allies in tha Adriatic. Router's correspondent at Malta stated that there is a strong reason for saying that Italy will shortly intervene in favor of the Triple Entente. PARIS, August 24. " M. Delcasse, who has returned from the diplomatic mission to Rome, where he ap- proached the Italian authorities in conjunc- tion with Count Witte (Russian Minister of Finance), has otatad in an interview that Italy's neutrality is already of great advantage to the Allies. "It is not for the foreigner," remarked M. Delcasse, "to say whether Italy should depart from her neutrality, but circum- stances might arise making this advan tageous. The map of Europe will be en. tii-elv rearranged for «. century as a result of the present war, "and the next Peaoi Congress will have a heavier task than that which met after Waterloo. " Italy 'has nothing^to fear from England, France, or Riissíá7~who can liave no possible objec- tion to the realisation of her aspiration*" EMPER0BÏ0F AUSTRIA. ' REPORTED TO BE CRITI- CALLY ILL. ROME, August 24. A telegram from Vienna states that the Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria i» critically ill. ' TURKEY WILL REMAIN , NEUTRAL; FRESH ASSURANCES TO BRITAIN. CONSTANTINOPLE, August 24. The Porte has given fresh assurances to the British Ambassador at Constantinople , of Turkey's intention to remain neutral. The British, French, and Russian ara I ¡bassadors have assured Turkey that their Governments will suDport the maintenance of the Ottoman Empire on the basis of its present policy. The question that calls most urgently for settlement, namely, the legality of the transfer of the German cruisers Goeben and Breslau, will not be raised, but the am- bassadors insist on the officers and crews of the vessels deoarting at once. The Porte, in reply, states that it is keep- ing a certain number of engineers, mechanicfe, and stokers to teach tin TurkisTi crews- that have manned th« vessels to run the turbine engines. (Continued on> Page 9.) TH Continued from Page 7. . WAR AT SEA. \- .AUSTRIAN NAVAL . DISASTER. THE SINKING OF THE ZENTA. ROME, August 23. The newspaper, "Corriere del Lasera," publishes details of the sinking of the Austrian warship Zenta on August l8. The 'torpedo boats of the Allies proceeded to- wards Cattaro, where they sighted the Zenta and three smaller vessels on Mockade duty. The Allies opened fire, and their well placed shells tore large holes in the sides of the Zenta. The latter replied ' at long intervals, but tier shots went wide of the mark. The Austrian torpedo boats fled. An English torpedo boat went along lide the sinking cruiser and rescued 200 of ihc crew. Of these 50 subsequently died from their injuries. The Zenta had on j fboard 100 men, 'who had been wounded I ¡by Montenegrin sharpshooters from the j forts at Annvari, THE MEDITERRANEAN CLEAR. > PAKIS, August 23 Renter's correspondent at Malta declares Chat the Mediterranean is free of hostde ehips. Malta is resuming a normal as- pect. > SUNK BY GERMAN MINES. LONDON, August 24 Lloyd's agent at St Petersburg reports that the Dutch steamers Houtdjk .jid Ahce H have been sunk by striking float ing mines off Dagerort, m the Gulf of Finland. It is rumored that a third steamer, eastward bound, also sank. The crew of the Danish steamer Mary land, which was blown up and sunk in the North Sea through striking a German fioating mme, have leached Ostend THE "ZTETEN. LONDON, August 24 The Norddeutscher Lloyd liner Zieten, ¿,000 tons, which before the war traded BEAUTIFUL BRÜSSELS. This is a picture of the Boulevard Anspach, in Brussels, a thoroughly modern highway, which resembles some of the -Parisian streets in many respects. regularly-to Australia, appears to have 4disar geared. She was on her way out Erom jíamburg when war was declared be- tween11 England and Germany, and was last heard'of in the Mozambique Channel, be tween-Madagascar and Portuguese East Africa. THE ENGLISH LOAN TO BELGIUM. PARIS, August 23. The "Temps'* states that the English loan of ten million pounds to Belgium :s a noble response to Germany's brutal levy. ''One more bond," the paper continues, "thus unites the Allies."' BELGIUM'S WAR EXPENSES TO BE PAID WITH BRITISH AND FRENCH MONEY. PARIS, August 23, 5.20 p.m. Great Britain and France have eadh de- cided to advance to Belgium the 3um of j 250 million francs to help' pay the ex- penses incurred through the war. This will mean the payment by each nation of approximately £#895,830, or a total of £19,791,660. DISÍRESS IN BELGIUM. LONDON, August 23. Many large British subscriptions are ^ing made direct to the Belgian relief ! *>uid. . STRIVING TOR PEACE. ROME, August 23. The College of Cardinals has decided to exert pressure on the "Emperor Fran- cis Joseph of Austria to compel him to' suspend war during the Conclave of Car- dinals which will elect the new Pope. C0URAGE0US_ BELGIAN MOTORS INTO THE ENEMY'S TERRITORY. ANTWERP, August 23, 7 a.m. Lieutenant Henkart has made himself famous bv going in most daring fashion into the Germans' territory and obtaining valuable information of their position. Along with three others he made the journey in an armored motor car of his I own design. He .killed a large number ; of uhlans, and time after time was called upon to extricate himself out of traps. At Westerloo, in the province of Antwerp, he encountered twp com- panies of cyclists and a squadron of cavalry, totallinc 450. He and his com- panions killed 25 of the enemy and left many wounded. Incidentally their ex- ploits showed the great possibilities .of the motor in time of war. I GERMANY'S LOSS; BRITAIN'S1 E GAIN. I LONDON, August 23, 7 ajn. Many firms in Paris, whose custom it ha3 been to buy machine parts and iron .ware from Germany, are now sending their orders to British manufacturers. WHY ENGLAND WENT TO WAR. EXCHANGING" NON-COM- BATANTS. , ' ' LONDON, August 24. .Mr. G. N. Barnes, Labor M.P. for Blackfriars. speaTciiiir in London yester- day, .-vaid Great Britain had participated in the war for the sole purpose of main- taining her international reputation. -She must punish the J._iscrdom and nil. it meant. The democratic and self-govern- ing peoples of the world must form a league to keep the peace on a basis of right<loiiie. Mr. Balfour, "on behalf of the Govern- ment, ia meeting Lord Toieey and Sir Alfred Haslam, who were arrested in (Germany, and escaped with difficulty, With a view, of discussing the possibility of exchanging German non-combatants for British subjects similarly interned in Germany. A telegram from Berlin received in Amsterdam, states that the trustees of Cassel 'ts Foundation for Necessitous Eng- lishmen, have agreed to help all who are now in distress in Germany. They hope the English foundation will similarly suc- cour distressed Germans-. A PATRIOTIC^ PRINCESS. PRESENTS~COLORS TO CANADIAr^_TRO0PS. OTTAWA, August 23. Princess Patricia has presented colors woiked bv herself to the Princess Pa tracia's L ght Infantry, a regiment raised and equipped by a Montreal millionaire, and commanded by Colonel Farquhar, mili- tary becretary to the Duke of Connaught. The regiment sails almost immediatejy for the front. The trustees of the South African War Fund have decided to hand over the bal- ance of £5,630 now standing to the credit of the fund to the fund now being raised for the. benefit of those taking part in the present war. COAL FOR THE NAVY. l LONDON, August 24. The South Wales miners have repudiated the advice of the Socialist leaders and agreed to the Government's request ' to work nine hours daily and also on certain Sundays, so that the quantity of coal raised may be sufficient for the require- ments of the navy and British trade. GENERAL WAR NEWS. PARIS, August 24. There are already 7,000 German pri- soners interned in France. General Pau,, the commander of the French force that recently re-took Mul hausen, in Southern Alsace, is a veteran of the war of 1870. He lost his right I hand in the battle of Froesehwiller. He is one of the most popular soldiers in France, and is a campaigner of the perfect dashing type. The fame "he has achieved during his 30 years' association with the French army is largely due to his un- tiring energy. The Fiench Government are arranging that all life insurance policies which do not include i\ar risks shall be made ef- fective by the payment of an extra pre- mium by the insured or his relations, or even by friends. It is officially announced that Zeppelin No. 8 has been biought to the ground bj- French sharpshooters near Badon viller. in the department of Meurthe-et Moselle. THE MORPHETTVILLE CAMP WORK AMONG THE AMMU- NITION COLUMNS. INFANTRYMEN ARRIVE FROM BROKEN HILL (From our Military, Reporter.) Morphettville, Monday. The mosi spectacular training down here this morning was that of the men com- posing the ammunition column. A num- ber of spirited horses have been secured for instructional purposes, and driving drill is now being proceeded with. As 50 per cent, of the men m these lines are evmembers of the 34th Battery they are naturally conveisant with most of the intricacies and dancers of controlling those powerful animals that drag the gun carriages to the firing lines. There are also a few Imperial men and recruits among their number. The root drill has now been completed, and in this, as in the signalling and semaphore work, the men showed remarkable ability. It was anticipated that the column would move oil to complete the battery in Victoria to-day, but it will now probably be to- wards the end of the week before the men leave. About 75 horses will in "all probability arrive to-morrow, and as the . officers commanding have their full com . plement there will be little delay in strik-1 ing camp. The instructional work is in the hands of Sergeant-Major Honeybone, I assisted by Sergeants Waite, Wundenberg, and Smith, -who thi»- morning tutoTed the mea in driving and the fitting of harness. Lieutenant Richardson is in charge of the divisional ammunition column, and Lieute- nant Waite has command of the brigade ammunition column. The signalling .in- struction has been imparted by Corporal Croud and Assistant Trumpeter Hester. I The whole column is thoroughly disci- ' plined, and it has excelled in general tidiness of camp. The names of the men who are included in the column are as I follow:- | I Brigade Ammunition Column Section. Captain Waite, Sergeant- Major Honey bone.. Sergeant Waite, Farrier-Sergeanf Clark", Farrier Reid, Saddler 'Dingle, Trumpeter Hester, Corporal Whittle, Bombardier McPherson, Gunners Church, Clarke, Seward, Binding. Dempster, Drivers Buehmore, Mackie, Thorn.- Scott, West, Batemen, Ward, and Dilrdon. Quar- termaster-Sergeant Matthews,' Sergeant Wundenberg. Shoesmith Tilbrook. Wheeler Banm'gan, Corporal Cloud, Gunners Weis beng, Hart, Bailey, Richmond, anil Arthur. Drivers Butler. Chinnery, Thomp- son. Wright. Taylor. Honeybone. Divisional Ammunition Column. Lieutenant Richardson, Sergeant Smith, Farrier-Sergeant M. C. Whinnie, Shoe- smith Sweet, Wheeler Savage, Corporal Graham, Bombardier Porter. Gunners Stewart, Barrett, Hicks, Killick, Wald, Waters; Drivers, Johns, Leahy, Barrean, Shepley, Hutton, Weeks. Sampson, Daw- son, Tiatt. Klaugh, Fairbairn, Crawfoid, Randell, and Luckett. I More Men for Morphettville. Captain F. M. Murray Jones, veterinary officer for the Light Horse, and Dr. Cavenagh Mainwaring, the medical officer, reported at Morphettville this morning. About 120 infantry men arrived from Bro- ken Hill in charge of Lieutenants C. P. Farrier and Lieutenant TI. H. Perry, of the 81st Infantry. Colonel Weir dispatched Lieutenant Byrne to the station to meet the men, who marched to the camp to the rattle of the side-drum. Lnmediately on arrival they were regaled with luncheon, and at 1 o'clock were served out a hot dinner. Tbey are a fine, sturdy type, of whom the officers commandiug might well be proud. There is another batch of 50 men of equal stamina un dergoiug medical examination in Broken 'Hill, with a view, to-enlisting, and this morning Colonel Weir telegraphed to the area officer at the Barrier to send thom down to-morrow night. The men told a story of wonderful enthusiasm. The streets of Broken Hill, they said, were thronged, with \ thousands of people, who formed themselves into a wildly cheering and al- most impenetrable mass. The demonstra- tion had been unequalled in the history of the Silver City. Brigade Headquarters to Come to Adelaide. During the morning Aüajor Brand, who received the appointment of brigade major of the Third Infantry Brigade, visited the camp, and he will return to Mel- bourne this afternoon. It is anticipated THE KING ON THE ELAGSHIE His Majesty King George is shown reviewing the troops on board the flagship Iron] Duke last month. The Prince of Wales and Prince George, who accompanied their father, are seen on the right of the sailors. j that the brigade headquarters staff will arriye in Adelaide within a fortnight's time and camp at Morphettville. This means that the 10th Regiment will in all pro- bability be attached to the brigade head- quarters, and the force will leave from South Australia. Sunday's Railway Traffic. The railway authorities stated this morning that the number of passengers who travelled on both the »outh-terrace and North-terrace lines on Sunday totalled 3,36(3. This will give an idea of the ciowd that visited the camp when the vehicular traffic is taken into considera- tion. The Army Medical Corps. Attending the wounded and dying on the field of bartle is perhaps the one humane feature of war. The Medical and Field Ambulance Corps advanced a further stage in t'aeir work here to-da}'. They have * capable and courageous leader in Major Dr. Goldsmith, whose latest experiences were gained during the Balkan -war, Vhen he was attached to the British Red Cross unit. There are 78 men ini the corps and three officers, including Major Goldsmith. Tile other two are Captain-Fry,, in ehaige of L'iie tent division, .and"> Captain Moodie, tile bearer division. Captain Fry is a Rhode.- scholar, and in t'héJ.iGovernment service in the Northern Territory. From the Medical Corps Captain Mainwaring, a corporal, and two privates have been at- tached to the Light Horse unit, and Cap- tain Nott, a corporal, and four privates, to the Infantry. Captain Mainwaring is a well-known -South Australian surgeon, and Dr. Nott was house surgeon at the Ade- laide Hospital. He left that position to join the ranks. Major Goldsmith stated on Monday afternoon that he was well pleased with the manner in which the men iiad advanced under -the drill instructor (Sergeant-Major Murray), and the men displayed an intelligent understanding dur- ing the lectures delivered by the officer commanding. A large proportion of the men have had previous war experience, and a number _ have had considerable training in medical' corps work. The full comple- ment has now been obtained, and the names of those going to the front in this branch of the service are as follows: i ARMY MEDICAL CORPS. j -Tent Division. Major Goldsmith, Captain "Fry; sergeant N. duties, A.-Sergeant Short; Sergeant steward, A.-Sergeant Purchase; sergeant dispenser, A.-Sergeaut Williams; sergeant clerk, A.-Sergeant Bannister; corporal cook, A.-Corporal Bourne; corporal pack storekeeper, Corporal Bourne; N. duties, Privates Bennett, Gault, Bro witt, Lovendale, Burns, Kennedy; washer- man, Private J. Mutliie; supers, Privates H. R. Robertson and L. K. Muir. Transport Division. Sergeant. A.-Sergeant Bell; drivers for vehicles, Drivers «Trilson, H. S. Poole. J. J. Naylor, G. E. A. Russell, E. N. London, K. K. Hood, J. O'connell, K. Catchlove, P. P. Mcculloch, G-. W. Galbreatn, L. .A. Gregg, H. Burgess; drivers. for spare ihorses, Drivers Harrison and L. G. Smith; batmen, 0. J. Howard, H. R. Impett, and A. Jeffery, Bearer Division. Captain Moodie; general duty sergeant, Sergeant Saunders; bugler, II. Jackson; stretcher-bearers. Privates L.. Canaway, W Melbourne. A.'Mitchell, J. Stubbs, G. li. Coates, H. M. Bidmeade, E. T. Capvon, L. H. Williams, J. Jones, G. CranPa, S. Hood K. Evans. H. E. Dyer, P. H. Hosking, H. G. Gry, H. B." Lambert, G. E. Hone, A.I'. Cornish. E. H. Leonard, L. L. Koch, J. H. Low, S. Preston, G. Kollosehe,*- B. S Barnes-, A. Clarke, D. L. G. Smith, H. D.' Waterworth, J. Wainwright, H. O'llallo ran, L.- Miller, H. L. Toinlinson, E, L. Darrell, ii.-Parker, F. Bonner, A. G. Boyle, J. Garland, and N. G. Lillywhite. ' Camp's Complement Increasing. Every day sees rapid advance m the preparation for embarkation. To-day's en- rolments numbered 73, in addition to the Broken Hill men, and, there are now 35 Lnperial i-eservists in the camp. The complement to date numbers 991 men and 32 officers. The -infantry lines contain about 019, and the Light' Horse 320. Trans- port horses to the number of 27 were also brought into camp to-day. During the afternoon a number of policemen from Broken Hill arrived in Adelaide and joined tile ranks. So continuous is the stream of volunteers that Colonel Weir expects to have his full complement by the end of the week. During the afternoon the men comprising B squadron of the Light Horse Regiment received their attestation papers, while the A squadron men were at mus- ketry, practice. The lines include many prominent league footballers, sportsmen, and men in all wulk_ and conditions of life. | Amona- the men from the Burra was ' McF.u-lanc Dow. a son of Mounted-Con- stable Dew, of Nairne. He has been ap- pointed trumpeter to Major Fulton, of IA Sqradron of the Light Horse. ' He is the only man in camp who can claim to have been horn in Port Darwin. His brother. Graham Dow, is also among the Light Horse ranks. When1 17 years of age the latter collected the Commonwealth census from Powell's Creek to_ Alice Springs with no other companionship than that of an aboriginal. Lecture on Musketry. This evening in the officers' mesa »Cap- tain Lorenzo, the adjutant of the 10th Regiment, spoke to the men concerning the definition and recognition of targets. There was a good assemblage of officers, and in the course'of his remarte the speaker dealt with the, salient points in musketry.' ? The Camp'Roll To Date; ? The officers and men in camp np to.AIon day night were as\ follow: Light Horse-15 officers and 320 other ranks. Artillery-2 officers and 61 other ranks. Field Company Engineer«-13 (ranks). Infantry-30 officers and 569 other ranks. Army Service Corps-3 -officers and 77 other ranks. A-rmy .Medical Corps-3 officers and 78 ofrtier ranks. Total--53 officers and 1,157 other ranks. SOLDLERS FROAI MOUNT GAMBIER. Alount Gambier, August 24. A military church parade was held on Vansittart Park yesterday afternoon, at- tended bv over 2,000. Captain Chaplain li. K. Collision conducted the service. The military units formed a -procession and marched to the park. .The town band led the procession, and was followed by members of the Light Horse C Com- pany, 7Jtli Infantry. I. and J. cadets, and several officers on the retired list. The proceedings opened with the National An- them, and after nraycr and Scripture Mr. Collision delivered a fine patriotic address. He urged all to adhere to the Kind's message to stand united, calm, resolute, trusting in God. The vari- ous units then reassembled aud saluted the flag. A collection was taken up for the Mayor's Patriotic Fund and £28 15/ was realised. There was a large and enthusiastic gathering at the railway-station this even- ing when the second contingent left to join the expeditionary forces for Europe. Cheers were <ñven for the volunteers, for King, and country. The National An- them, was sung as the train steamed out of the station. The following left from Mount Gambier:-Messr-.. R. fí. Gaillard, I J. R. Callander. L. Crouch, W. M. Clark. A. Ellis. C. D. Johnston, T. S. Tidy. Heverall, J. E. Herne. J. M. Kav, H. F. Killers. R. Appleby, and W. Wil- son. Messrs. G. H. and H. A. Npolan were to join the paru- at Kalangadoo. There were also eight Millicent men on board. MOUNT GAAIBIER, August 22.-The Mayor's Patriotic Fund now totals £40 10/. The ladies' fund amounts to about -£40. Air. Frank E. Alichin, who has passed the physical examination, and has been accepted as a member of the South Australian quota -to the Austra- lian expeditionary force, was tendered a farewell by the members of the Boys' Institute (of which he was a leading member) on Thursday night. The Albert Fobtball Club tendered Air. AJlehin a farewell the same evening at Mr. Ches- ter's saloon. There were about 25 members present, and Air. P. Chamber- lain, on behalf of the club, presented Air., Alichin with a set of military hair- brushes. Last evening a number of members of the Christ Church Young Alen's Club met Air. Alichin at the rail- way-station, and Air. C. Franklin, the secretan*, on behalf of the members, handed him a military pocket wallet. AI¡r. Riehard Ey", who'has also passed, Was farewelled by the Christ Church Club last night. He was the .recipient of a set of military hairbrushes. , A large gathering of peaple astseim'b-led at the railway-station last night to "see the six soldiers leave for Adelaide. Cheers were given for the soldiers, and the National Anthem was sung enthusiasitieally. PORT PIRIE REPRESENTATIVES. Port Pirie". August 24. The first batch of troops for actual ser- vice from Port Pirie left for Adelaide to- day. Their departure created great en« frhusiasm, and a- large crowd gathered at Aie railway-station. The Mayor made a short speech, -stating that he felt sure the soldiers would give a good account of them- selves. Cheers were given for the King and the soldiers as the train moved out. A batch of about 20 will leave to-morrow morning. The 'Saint Mark's Band will turn out to farewell the men. At a joint conference 'between the town "councillors and representatives from the distress com- mittee to-night it was decided to adopt a plan of relief works, and the Government ' 'will be asked to donate £1,000 to the coun- cil to assist in carrying out work for the unemployed. Coupons will be issued im- mediately, but applicants, if able to do so, are expected to do work in return. THE QUAYS OP ANTWERP. ? ?Bl The splendid quays of Antwerp, which were built by Napoleon I. when Antwerp formed' a part of his colossal , empire, are always crowded with vessels. Immense sums of money were spent in making the quays, which are capable, » of accommodating the largest vessels. , LAMB AND SHEEP SKINS. SALES RESUMED BY SPECULATORS. PRICES RECEDE 50 PER CENT. 'Butchers will be pleased to read that the purchase of lamb and sheep skins has been resumed in Adelaide. Operations so far are on a small scale, and the price is low, being between 45 and 50 per cent, below what it was before the war broke out. The buyers are not taking the skins for order, but as a speculation. This reopening of the sales will mean that the butchers will have more money to handle. The sales stopped as soon as Great Britain became involved in the war, and as the skins were then bringing 8M. lb. the loss of revenue to the butchers was con- siderable. The price now' is in the neigh- borhood of 4d., which is a great reduction, but to some of the butchers it is very ac- ceptable. it is the intention of the buyers to pat the skins into bales and store them until the export trade reopens. Whether or not this will be a profitable venture is, in the opinion of some of the commission agent*, doubtful. They point out that when peace reigns again the supply of skins will greatly exceed the demand, and that prices accord-] ingly will be low. The export trade of these skins is to Ger- ' many, France, and Belgium. They are sent, to those countries because the labor is cheaper than ' it i3 in England. Women pluck off the wool, which is sent across to Bradford and other cloth manufacturing towns in Yorkshire. In normal seasons ¡the number of skins collected in a week in this State totals about 25.000, so it will be seen that the export trade has large dimen- sions. Some farmers have been shearing the sheep and storing the wool in their sheds, and these shorn sheeo have been preferred by the butchers to the woolly sheep; Those butchers who have bought woolly sheep, or at least a number of them, are growing tired of drying and storing the 3kins, how- ever, and it is probable that if the market continues open the quantity coining for watd will be increased. Notwithstanding the reduction in the amount paid for the skin and the poorer quality of the mutton, sheep aie realising more now than they weie at this time last vear, the quotations being:-1914, 25/ to 28/; 1013, 22/6 to 25/. Hides have receded in price to5kl.,calf skins from lid. to 7d.. and rabbit skins from 1/1 to 4d. Hides which are usually ¡bought up for shipment to Germany are now going to local tanners. There have been no sales of rabbit skins. In other lines rates show a reduction. Owing, it is said,, to a falling off in trade with Broken Hill pork i» fetching 6d. lb. and haeon 5d. The manager of a large retail butcher's shop, when asked yesterday what benefit the reopening of the market would be to him spoke very dolefully. He said that the butchers were having very hard times. During this last l8 months they had had a succession of, adverse conditions. High prices were ruling when the abattoirs be- came established. Those works increased the charges, and then 'followed a persis- tent rise in the nrice of stock. After that came higher wages for the employes, and on top of that was the hide and ^skin problem. He ventured the opinion'that there was not one'butcher in Adelaide who had not lost money within the,last twelve months. He agreed, however, that the reopening of the sales meant much to the butcher in that it would pro- vide bim with 4d. for everv pound of lamb and sheep skin he had in his pos- session. DISCHARGING THE SCHARZ FELS. ' The discharge of the Adelaide-consigned cartro in the German-Australian steamei Seharzfels, now at Port Adelaide, was completed on Monday evening. There has been no general decision regarding goods destined for the eastern States, out 10,500 cases of kerosine originally in- tended for Sydney and Brisbane for tne Vacuum Oil Company, will be. taken over by tha 'Adelaide representatives of that firm. A start will be made to discharge the oil this morning. STRANGE STEAMER SIGHTED BY KAROOLA. Captain Morgan, of the Mcilwraith, Mc Eacharn passenger steamer Karoola, re norted to the Customs authorities on Monday having, at 8.45 a.m. on Saturday, sighted a strange steamer six mues north of the Karocda's position, steaming west. Details of the vessel were not clearly dis- tinguishable on account of the haze, but she appeared to the officers on watch to bo a German-Australian steamer, ap- parently heavily loaded. At the time the Karoola was in 35.10 deg. south, 130.5 de¿. east. TWO GERMANS AT PORT ADELAIDE. CARRY REVOLVERS. On Alonday afternoon an incident oc- curred at Port Adelaide which might have led to serious consequences. Two (lennans, one an alleged naval deserter, and the other a German naval reservist, both of whom were permitted their freedom on parole, entered a shop in Commercial-road. They were evidently in an intoxicated state. One of them took a revolver fiom his pocket, and, after having flourished it cm the air, turned the barrel towards the floor and pulled the trigger. There was immediately a'loud report, and a bullet penetrated the floor. The police were hastily called, and took both Germans to the police station. The one who fired the revolver gave his name as Walter Rabe. The revolver and several cartridges were taken from him. The other man said his name was John Petersen, but papers found in his possession showed his name to be John Petroclus^ and he admitted that Petroclus was his correct name. He, too, had in his possession a revolver and seve- ral cartridges. These were taken from him. The two men ,-were temporarily locked in the cells, and subsequently were handed ever to the, military-authontes, who, no doubt, will charge them with having in- fringed the rules of? their parole-by carry- ing firearms. The men had intended ap- parently, to' have gone to.* Port-Pirie by Alonday's train. They both had railway tickets of Monday's date for that pott. THE. MAYOR'S FUND. CITY COUNCIL'S. CO.NTRÍBÜ ? TIÓN. ? At the City Council meeting on August 10 a motion by Councillor Frinsdorf that the council donate £500 to the Mayor's Relief Fund was referred to the finance committee, and all the members of the council Avere invited to attend. A special meeting was held on August 12, at which the Mayor (Mr. A. A. Simpson) presided . ynd submitted a lengthy minute, in which he recommended that the vote be made, I and added that the legal advisers to the i council had raised no objection to the pro- posal. A discussion ensued, and it was unanimously decided to recommend the council to vote the sum of £500 to the Mayor's Relief Fund, and that Aldermen Cohen and Glover be appointed as the council's representatives on the managing committee. The recommendation was en- dorsed by the City Council on Monday. An application to the works and high- ways committee for permission-to make a street collection for the mayor's patriotic fund on September 0, 10, 11, and 12 (Show week) was recommended for approval. Councillor Lundie moved an amendment that the recommendation be struck out. Ile said it was not a favorable time to per- mit a 'street collection, and mentioned that the country people wore subscribing to their own patriotic funds. He contended that the council should not depart from the policy they had adopted of disallowing street collections for religious and philan- thropic institutions. Alderman Isaacs , seconded, and the amendment was carried. Unley Council's Contribution. A communication was received from the Unley Council, enclosing copy of resolu- tion passed at their last meeting voting £100 towards the Mayor of Adelaide'sl patriotic fund PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTE- MENT OFFICERS. The.heads of the departments under thtf Commissioner of Public Works met re- cently in response to a circular issued by , the Public Sen-ice Association, suggesting that 2¿ per cent, of salaries should be paid into a.fund each month to assist the Patriotic Fund already in existence. Ifc was felt that officers receiving salaries above £300 per annum might reasonably be expected at such a time as the present to contribute more than 2} per cent. It has since been definitely agreed that offi- , cers and permanent men on full pay receiv« ing salaries or woses up to £300 per annum ' shall voluntarily agree to subscribe 2* per cent, of their pay monthly, while those re- ceiving over £300 shall contribute 2} per cent, up to and 5 per cent, over £300, until the necessity for subscriptions shall cease. SOUTH AFRICAN SOLDIERS VOLUN"-» TEERLVG. At the general meeting of the members of the South African "Soldiers' Association held on Saturday evening the following resolution was carried unanimously:-}. "That the association approach the Alinis- ? ter of Defence, offering the services as a body for service abroad of those members of the association who have volunteered and are physically fit, but who have been rejected as not coming within the con- ' I ditions of enlistment laid down for the 1 expeditionary force." (This principally has reference to the age limit of 3S.) 2. "That in the event of the Minister of Defence nos - seemg his way to accept the offer, he be respectfully requested to submit same to r Field Aiarshal Earl Kitchener." No action ' is to he taken in connection with the fore- going tdl noon, Th_r*¿_iy, by which time the secretary of the association (Mr. A. E. \ Speers) expects to be iu a position to stat» . the number of active service veterans avatl abie. RED CROSS SOCIETY. An enthusiastic meeting, convened by the women of the telephone traffic branch, wis held in the Old Exchange room on Thursday, to consider the bett means to adopt in giving support to the South Aus- tralian branch of the Red Cross Society. There were over fifty present. Miss E. M. . Archer presided, and Sister Higgin, late of the Adelaide District Trained Nursing ? " Society, ga»-e an address. Miss Archer, in . introducing Sister Higgin, spoke of the ur- , gent necessity for help in the present na- tional trouble. Sister Higgin drew a re- alistic picture of the hardship* endured by . ? those at the front, and gave a detailed list of the most urgent tilings reguired by - - the troops. She also offered all assistance.i in her power. A working-committee was at once formed, and names were also taken of those wishing to join the First Aid So-> . ciety. It 'was decided to communicate ' with the secretary of the local branch of the Red Cross Society, with the view of-* becoming affiliated. For the present the committee is subdivided into three divi- sions. One division is to undertake the sewing; the second will collect money and receive donations of clothing, &c; and the . third will arrange for a benefit concert on entertainment. At the conclusion of the gathering over £2 was collected as an ad d'tior to an already large 6um collected, at the telephone exchange. A hearty .vote ' of thanks was passed to the members of * the Stock Exchange for allowing the use ' of their room. WALKERVILLE COUNCIL AND THE WAR., . , . . \/\, At the last meeting of "the Walkexvîlla ' District Council the following resolution >., was moved' by Uoúncillor ' Crase "and car- *" Tied unanimously:-"That this council,'fe Presenting the residents of Aledindie,, Gil- ' erton, Walkerville, and North Walker- ville, desires to express its unswerving loyalty to the British Crown, and prays that the terrible war now'existing may be brought to a -mccessful end in the near future. The council feel quite sure the citizens arp in full accord ih extending these sentiments to' mark and show their . loyalty to the King and Empire." It'was further resolved that a copy of the re- solution be forwarded,to his Excellency the Governor. It was a¿reed to donate the sum of £10 10/ to' the Mayor's .'Patriotic THÉ RED/CROSS. " íV'ti . -,. < \- > '. -j. 'j ^ - , ! .* ' ' J "r DARWIN LADIES ACTTvTEv I'AA.I ' Melbourne,;- 'August -0tj'?\ \ Her Excellency Lady -Munro FerguaolV. has received the following telegram from ' Mrs. Gilruth, Government House, Darwin: \--'You will be pleased to learn that at a 'women's meeting held here proposals for assistance to the Red Cross'-fund Were en- thusiastically received. The wbñie'n of the Catholic Mission voluntarily offered"'' to divert goods to the value of £50 already collected for the church bazaar. Other churches are joining, and a combied bazaar is assured for September 2. The collectors bave already received substantial sums. I trust to be able to remit a considerable amount for the Territory. All, including the Chinese community, are most patriotic, and sympathetic in your efforts to assist the society." . . The following message has been received pfrom the British Red Cross Society, Lon 'don:-"British Red Cross Society grate* fully returns thanks for most generous gift from Australian branch." BANK CLERKS AMD THE WAR PATRIOTISM OF DIRECTORS. | Melbourne, August 24, , A large number of bank clerks have* volunteeied for service with the expedi- tionary force. The boards of directors' of the various banking institutions in the Commonwealth will profbably confer to evolve a uniform scheme for the treatment of those of their employes who are ae» cepted as members of the expeditionary; force. One bank is prepared to pay such, volunteers full pay for six months at least, a further ariangement to be made at the end of tnat tune, to keep their positions open for them, and to hold them eligible for benefits which might accrue to them ia the ordinary course of evento from the bank's provident fund. Other banks ara willing to pay three months' full pay, and thereafter to add to the military pay of their employes who volunteer such anr amount as would bring their salaries up to ', ' the amount which they would receive ia the ordinary course of events. ¿Continued on Next Page4 - ^i THE (Continued from Page 9.) ASSASSINATION OF AUS- TRIAN ARCHDUKE. COMMENTS IN THE GERMAN PRESS. MUST DEAL SEVERELY WITH SERVIA. 'Newspapers from Berlin, dated July If», containing articles on the assassination of the Archduke Francis Ferdinand, heir to the Austrian throne, have reached Adelaide. The articles do not give any details of the crime in addition to what have already been published, but they are of interest in view of Germany using the assassination as a means to bring about the war. The writers of the articjes point out that the murder oí the Archduke and his wife at Sarajevo waa committed at the instiga- tion of Servian agitator«, and was the climax to a number of criminal conspira- cies which had been directed against the Austrian monarchy. According to these articles there are many Servians in the ser- vice of the Austrian Government, who are working against the interests of the Aus trians. These conspirators, the writers urge, mu«t be cleared out, and the Servian Government must give an assurance that it would do everything possible to prevent a. repetition of such crimes. "Writing from Vienna, a correspondent EOid that one result of the Archduke s death would be that the Austrians would not again make any attempt to conciliate the Servians. There was a new path before them, and .they would go along it. .It was not sufficient tb.it by means of the law property and life should be respected: the State had also to defend it*, right, and itwould have to take a firm stand. Ans- , tria would have to deal severely with these Servian agitators. The artice concludes: -By this assassination Austria has lost _ a valuable life, and she has come to dis- believe in the system of compromising with her enemies. People of foreign lands must not think that Austria will be satis- fied with forcing Servia to deal out justice to the Archduke's murderer. The root . of all this evil is in Belgrade. It is there that th» bombs are made which are smuggled into Austria. It is there that the agitators are seen who make all the mischief with Bosnia. This method of'war in peace Austria will not tolerate any fur thcr.~ Serious problems arc ahead ot Aus- > tría in Servia, and diplomatic methods! will have to be emoloyed. but behind them ' must be an unbending will. A TYPIST SOLDIER HONORED. The first break in tile recently-formed "Han**ard" staff of the State Parliament took place on Saturday, when members of the reporting and Upists' staff assembled to'bid farewell to Mr. H. L. Scott, one of tire typists, who has been accepted for ser- vice in the finst divisional signalling com- pany of the Austidlmn Expedition«-vi FortP. The Chief Secietary (lion. J. G. Bice), who controls the department, pre- sided over a gathering in the dining- room at Parliament House, supported by the director of the Government Reporting De- partment (Air. J. Sincock) and the leader of the "Hansard" staff (Air. Fred. Johns). Mr. Bice, in proposing Air. Scott's health, taid he did not intend to express regret on that occasion, as he felt it was rather a matter for congratulation that in the re- cently formed_ "Hansard" staff, and at this early stage of hostilities in Europe, there should be found one who was willing to volunteer for the front and serve his coun-1 try in "'this crisis, a crisis for which'the Imperial Government were not responsible. He was sure that Mr. Scott and his com- rades in the expeditionary force would be ready and prompt'to obey orders and to po wherever they might be sent, whether to England, the East, or New Guinea, or to any point of danger. It was evidence of the eolidarily of the Empire that Aus- tralians were ready for the call. (Cheers.)" He wanted to convev to Air. Scott his con- gratulations, and al=o to give bim a mes- sage from the Premier that when he came back, covered with honors and glory, as «hey confidently believed he would, his place in the Government service would be found open for him. (Cheer«.) He was slad to know that throu_hoiit hi<^ career i in the public service Air. S"ott had always shown a willingness to perform an}*, of the duties he was caí1 ed upon to do! On be- half of the staff he had much pleasure in presenting; to their departir»? comrade a ca**p of _ pines, together with their best wishes for his safo return. (Cheer*!.) Air. Scott's health, was drunk -with mn*"i eal honors, after which" the company sang the National Anthem with enthusiasm. Air. Scott, in his renly. said he felt he Was doing the right thing in volunteering For service abioad, because the Engineers, the corps with which he ivas connected, were a technical corps entrusted with im- portant field work, and if their services ?were not needed in that particular branch they could be trained as infantrymen. On fbc other hand, it was more difficult to, train infantrymen in the engineering s<**ction of the service. , He thanked the Chief Sec- retary verv sincerely for his expressions of goodwill and the fctaff for the honor they lind done him in asseaibling to wish hiin ¡-ond-bve. Air. Scott has been in the public service for four y(»nrs working m the Chief Sfore J*eep,er's Penartmcnt. and when the "Ran *ard" staff wa« fm-med he was transferred »a one of the tvni<=t<* or the npw deDart ment. He is deservedly popular amoni» all his coHeno-iiea. Mr. Scott, with about vl(l others, left bv the express on Snturdav afternoon foi Afell*ourne, where he will nnderco further train in«"", and it is expected that he will h ve Australia with the first pxneditionary force in about three weeks' time. "" After the ceremonv on Saturday a photo granh of t*-f> first official ?'"Han'-ard'' staff, with the Chief Secretary as the head of the department, was taken. A SCROLL OF HEROES. I ' THE BOER WAR DEAD. In the United Sei rice Institution, White- hall, reposes for a little while one of the most beautiful books the world has pro- duced for many generations. Two years have been spent in the making of it, and its cost will be something like £500. It is "The Roll of the Dead of the South African War." It contains abont 22,000.names of officers and men killed by the enemy or by disease, set out under the hcndirige of about. :}00 regiments, regular »nd ' irregular. It is to be placed m a shrine behind the "bishop's throne in Cape Toivn Cathedral. ' . It is bound m African goat-skin from the Nicer, a soft dark-brown covering on teak boards, clamped with brass. Each page consists of the best part of a lamb- skin; some are thick, some thin, all are a soft pearly white. On this surface the nsmes are' inscribed in black, red, gold, and ultramarine. The keynote of the decoration is peace. A white pheasant, sits asleep in the roundel at the beginning; and through the bordering flutter clouds of doves. THREE BRITISH ARMY CORPS The British army in France, ii it corre Vponds exactly with the "expeditionary} force." would amount to 167^660 officers and men. Thi- army was organised in »x infantry division»«, with one cavalry division. But it poems, from the cable news, that it is now commanded in three army corps. Two »divisions would naturally go to each army corps, and this organisation brings .t into line with tHe ordinary Continental division of an active .army into army corps of about 40,000 to 50,000 men. It appears that the commands have been given as fo'lows: -First Army Corps, Sir Douglas Haig; Second Array Corps, Sir H. Smith-Dor rien; Third Army Corps, Major- General William Pulteney. Lieutenant-General Sir J. Grierson, who was to 'have com- manded the Second Armv Corps, died of heart failure during mobiUsation. 1 . A PATRIOTIC ORGANISATION. .A quarterly summons meeting of the Adelaide branch of the A.NA. was held *t Bricknell's Rooms on Monday evening, when the president (Mr. E. W. T. McLean) occupied t'ie chair and there was a'good attendance of members. Mr. Isidore Steinberg, a representative of the Young Australia J^e,igue, was welcomed. Ile ex- plained the arrangements which have been made for the holding of the patriotic cn tortainments at the Jubilee Exhibition Hall on Septemberi 3. and at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on September 4. Ope half of -the proceeds of these entertainments will go to the patriotic funds of the Mayor of Adelaide u.nJ the Mavor of Port Adelaide. The President mentioned that there were two gentlemen present who had oflxved , and been accepted for active service in 'connection with the war. Ho desirecL on behalf of the brartch, to wish them God- speed and a safe return. The Chief President, Air. II. R. Gelston, who was prt=«,- was invited by the president to address the meeting. He said he wished to add the good wishes of the board to those expressed by the president towards the men who were going to join the ranks of men in active service. Ile admired their patriotism, but at the same time he felt sure that almost every mem- ber- of the A.N.A. would be prepared ta go to the front if the needs of the Empire demanded it. (Cheers.) The men were going to face serions dangers and would be fighting jn the fields that had historic traditions which had brought credit to Britain, and he was sure they would con- duct themselves in a way worthy of those traditions. (Cheers.) He also commended the Young Australta League to the meet- ing and hoped the forthcoming entertain- ments would 'be largely patronised. The president asked* Sergeant Mitchell to address the meeting. "Sergeant I. H. Alitchell, in thankjnz the audience for the manner in which ti-.ey had received the president's and the chief president's remarks, said he had had fifteen years', experience in mili- tary work, and he intended to do his duty as a soldier. He considered at the present time it was his duty to offer for active service, and would endeavor to the best of. his ability faithfully to discharge his obligations. < Air. Carter, of Orroroo, who has also been accepted for active service, endorsed the remarks of Sergeant Alitchell. and ' before the two_ military men left the ¡ meeting members stood and sang the "'Song of Australia." and gave three hearty cheers for the soldiers. It --"was resolved that the secretary | should write to all the members'of the branch who were about to enter into active service, expressing appreciation. of their _ action in volunteering for to join the fighting ranks. ' i The Cliief President mentioned that arrangements would be igade for a pub- lic send-off to membersx of the A.N.A. who were about to leave for the war. He believed there were about ten in the Adelaide branch, and other branches were al*o contributing - to the contin- gent, i Ile ,also-said the board would make arrangements for their names to be retained on the list'of "full members, and their .rights would be reserved, 'but of course they would not be expected to con- tribute to the funds while they were away. Mr. A. E. Barlow, of Port Adelaide,! expressed appreciation of the action of the doctors who had promised . to give medical attention free to the wives and children of men who had undertaken active service. GERMANY'S DOOM, A REMARKABLE PRO- PHECY. ? -A corresponderit, writing to "The Ad- vertiser" in 1912, made some remarkable statements which caused some interest at the time, and which in view of reeent event« arc worth republiahing. They were as follows:-"There are more things in .heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy, said Shake- speare, and certainly, if the following story, which I give with all reserve, is true, there appears to be a great amount of truth in ¿he bard's dictum. It is said that in the year 1849 the old Emperor William I. of Germany (then, of course, King of Prussia), took it into his head to.pay a visit to a fortune-teller (as many people before and ance his time have done) out of idle curiosity. To his sur- prise he is reported to have been told 'a thing or two.' This so aroused his interest that he-put three questions to the teller of fortunes, which will arouse world-wide interest at the present moment. The first question asked by the King was-In what year will the consolidation of Germany take place? Add together the figures of the year (which were, of course, 1849), he was told. This was doney and, as any- body can see, they totalled-22. 'Now add them to the year 1849,' he was commanded. Thb he did. and thus he got:-1849, add 22; total. 1871 This actually was the date of Germany's conaohdation - as all the world knoivs. Thus prophecy No. 1 was ful- filled. "The next question of the King was: In what year shall I die?' Ile was re- quested to take the figures 1871 and add them up. These gave him a total of 17. Then he was requested again to add them to the numerals of the year. This gave him:-1871. add 17. total 1,888. This was the year the old Emperor died, and num- ber 2 came true. "Then the King asked-'In what year will the dissolution of the Empire be?' Again he was told to take the numerals of the year 1888, and add them together. They totalled 25. He was instructed to add the'total. Thus we get- 1888.* add -25, total 1913. What I want to know is, the first two prophecies having proved cor I rect, why should ' not' the third be ' like- wise?,Everybody who carefully studies the probabilities of the case will admit that more- unlikely -things might happen. There is also the'dislike by some of the ruiers of the more powerful States of the Empire to Prussia's predominance, and the Rai- ser's dictatorial manner and assumption, even by Divine authority over everybody and 'everything German. This must be said in the Kaiser's favor, that if- the] final struggle does come next year, he will i not shirk the issue." PATRIOTIC THEATRICALS. ENTERITAINAfENT TO BE GIVEN SliPTKAIBER 4. The Theatre Managers' Association ' of Adelaide have arranj^d to give an enter- tainment at the Theatre Royal on Friday, September 4, in aid of the Mayor's Pa- triotic Fund. Alembers of the Gilbert and Sullivan' Opera Company, Air. Hugh D. Mclntosh's Vaudeville Company, and Bren nen-Fullcr's Vaudeville Company will take part. A combined orchestra from the principal picture theatres will supply the musical numbers. WINNING BACK ALSACE _LOKRAINE A VOLUNTEER FROM ADELAIDE. SOMETHINGTABOUT THE PROVINCES. OPPOSITION THE FRENCH WILLJWEET. GERMANS MAY BE HARD PRESSED. (By Our Special Reporter.) Mr. R- Abchel (manager in Adelaide for Alcssrs. L. Dreyfus & Co..* the big French firm of grain merchante) left by the R.M.S. Orontes on Friday for France, "that is," to use his own words, "if the ship gets that far." When seen prior to his departure, he told me that he was going home to see his people, but he admitted with some reluctance-when 1 asked him if he intended /to join the French army at the front-that he was "going to volunteer if they would take lrm." Before 1 had been in conversation with him for five minutes I learned tnat he had a,sincere abhorrence of publicity, but, as in the course of the chat I dis- covered in him a more than usually in- teresting personality, I trust he will for- give me for bringing him into the lime- light which io so distasteful to him. In the first place Mr. Alichel is a native of Lorraine, one of the provinces which France 'hopes to bring again under her banner as the result of this war. Se- condly, Air. Alichel's parents have long been residents of Aletz, and it was in / that city, once the flo'irishing capital of French Lorraine, but now the headquarters of German militarism in those parts, that the subject of this interview was born. In view of the atrocities which have been charged againet the Germans in this war, the terrible stress of minti which Air. Michel is now ' suffering owing to the possibility of his father and mother being in danger, -will draw to him the sympathy of all Aus- tralians. He" said little on this subject, except that, in reply to a question, he remarked that he was naturally concerned about the position of his parents. He did not know if they had been able to leave Germany when the war started they were still in Aletz when he las heard from them. I formed the opinion though he did not tell me so, that the fear for those he holds dearest in life is impelling him to KO back to them just now. Quite as a slip, I am sure, he in- formed me that his brothers are serving with the French army, and he is going to join the colors, too. Later on he hopes to return, to Australia. "One of my reasons for volunteering," he said, "is that I'noticed in the paper a ?fortnight ago that the French Chamber or Deputies has unanimously passed a Bill conferring French nationality upon all per- sons bora in Lorraine who would join the French colors. "As the French are fighting for the liberty of French people in Alsace Lorraine I wish to assist the cause." Are all the people of these provinces Frenah? "Oh, no; there has been a big influx of Germans since 1870, but the populace of French extraction will welcome the return of French rule." Air. Albhel seems to have no doubt that the French will win back the Rhenish pro- vinces which they lost in the Franco-Prus- sian war. He pointed to the photograph of an elderly gentleman which stood upon th* table. ."That is Al. Leopold Louis Drey rus, head of "the world firm which I repre- sent here." he said. "I wrote and con- gratulated him when I saw in, the papera that the French had captured the town- ship he carno from-Siercnt/, near Jlul hausen. Alsace-Lorraine, as you know, has been the" bone of contention between France and Germany for 40 years, and once it becomes France's again I hope we will bear no more ill will to Germany. I trust then there will be peace for ever. The French in Alsace-Lorraine have not been so well treated bj- Germany as th^y should have been. If they had been given equal rights with the people in the other States of the German con- federation I think a ! good deal of the reason for France's desire to get the pro- vinces back again would have been re moved."' You are quite confident of success,? I queried. "Oh! Yes, quite confident. France has known for years that a German attack was threatening, and nothing has been left to chance this time. France has a good rifle and good artillery. She -has also good commanders-that is the great thing. Supposing that the French drive the enemy back through Alsace-Lorraine, arc there many strong fortresses to oppose her armies? He produced a map of the country, and indicating with his finger, he said: "The French, I understand, have reached Mulhausen, here in Alsace; they have crossed the Vosges in other places along here. Tn Lorraine they have occupied Saarburg, and are said to be approaching Strasburg. Possibly the northern army will junction with the southern army, and then there may bo an attack upon Stras- burg." That citv and Metz were strongly forti- fied, he explained. Metz was supposed to be the main fortress in Germany. It lent itself to fortification. Every bill round it had a fort upon the_ ton. He was not prepared to say whether the French could carry it or Strasburg by force. Once the French were over the frontier ranges, however, the country ivas fairly flat. There was little natural pro- tection for the Germans except minor fortresses, which would not be able to stand against the French siege guns, and the enemy would have to meet force with force and numbers with numbers. He believed, from what he had read in the papers, that the French were making really good progress, and proving the superiority of their arms. He believed, also, that they could' reach Strasburg and Metz, for there was "nice plain country" right to the Rhine. If the French artil- lery was, indeed, superior to that of the Germans there was nothing to prevent the French passage through Alsace-Lor- raine, except Strasburg and Meta. The latter, like Liege, had a strong*ring for- tress, and probably would have to be sub- dued by investment. He supported opin ions previously expressed that the forti- fications on the German side of the fron tier, were not comparable with those erected for the defence of France. You think the fighting spirit of the French is better than that of the Ger- mans? I asked. "I do," he replied. "The French are fighting to get back Alsace-Lorraine, which they consider really should never have been lost; the Germans have not the sime impetus as have the French."' They are rich provinces, are they not? "They are, indeed, that is why the Germans were so keen on getting thom They are prosperous agricultural and in- dustrial districts. Mulhausen, Thann, and other places in Upper Alsace are noted for their textile manufactures. Strasburg, too, is an important industrial city, and the countiy is very fertile; its production is remarkable. Metz is now more a military town than anything else, because the military there are almost as numerous as the civilians. Lorraine is mainly agricultural, but the north portion of the province, near Khe Luxemburg_ border, has many steel and iron manufactories. Wine (you know the Moselle) comes from there, too. Wheo France has these provinces again the Ger- man residents therein will have all the rights, and privileges accorded to all peoples settled under the French flag. The French in these parts have been sub- mitted to many pinpricks. The Germans, for instance, forbade as much as possible the use of the French language. The ? French Alsatians will have to fight for Germany? 1 queried. '"Certainly," he replied. "No doubt they have been sent to the Russian or Danish frontiers." It may be mentioned that Mr. Michel's parents were in Metz when it was be sieged by the Prussians in 1870. They may still be' there to witness a siege by the French. CHILDREN'S PATRIOTIC FUND. The" Ministering Children's League will hold a fete on September 19 in aid of the Children's Patriotic Fund and local chil- dren's" charities at the lesidencc of Mr. A. McCulloch. "Caroglen," Buxtou-street. Lady Galway will open the fete. A.M.P. SOCIETY AND SOLDIERS. The Australian Mutual Provident'Society, has decided to keep open the positions of» any members of the staff who may volun-1 teer for active service, or may he called out, and will during the time ¿f their ser- vice pay full salary. GIRLS BÜSILY PREPARING. The Young Women's Christian Associa- tion has made arrangements for classes in invalid cookery, the evening class meeting once a week, beginn'ng next Friday even- ing, and the afternoon class the following week. The association aUo anno"nees the beginning of another class in S1-. John Am ambulance to meet this afternoon at i o'clock. Durinc the last ten days 50 girls have enrolled in first aid classes. The temporary headauartrr? of the Young Women's Christian Association on the east side of Hindmarsh-squaro are available nt any time to be used by individuals or circles sewing hospital garments. Machines and tables are provided, and cut-out gar- ments are always waiting for deft and will- ing fingers. ! MAGILL BRICK COAiPANY. i At the half-yearlv meering of the share- holders of'the Magill Brick Company, held on Friday afternoon, Mr. George Hart, the chairman of directors, said the policy of the directors was to carry on as long as they Ncoald do so without injury to th-f eompafiy. They employed altogether about 50 hands, and did not want them to be thrown out of employment. They had large contracts with the Government, and hoped they would wai»t the bricks. SUPPLIES OF. EXPLOSIVES. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. advise tb_t they have received from the Nobels Ex- plosives Co. a cable message to the effect that whilst under existing conditions they cannot absolutely guarantee supplies of all classes of explosives, they are confident that by arrangement with the British Go- vernment they will be permitted to con- tinue to ship to Australia sufficient explo- sives to enable mining and other necessary blasting operations to be carried on whilst the war lasts. The usual shipping arrange- ment-"! for explosives are, of course, dis oivanis d, and special freight arrangement^ will necessarily h_ve to be made, probably at considerable extra cost, but this need not be allowed to stand in the way of sup- plies coming forward. From this advice it wonld seem that while it is necessary to conserve stocks of explosives in South Au tralia as much as posible, no alarm need be felt that adequate provision will not be made for South Australian requirements. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Ck», also advise that the British Westinghouse Electric and Aíanufacturing Company have cabled them that owing to the war large Continental orders are at a standstill, and that they need work to keep their factories going. They point out that there must be a num- ber of foreign contracts in Australia can- celled, which, would now naturally be transferred to British manufacturers. Aus- tralia, of course, will assist England as much by keeping British trade going, and so preventing unemployment, as by war contributions. For this reason England expects to receive colonial orders instead of their bang allotted to foreign countries and America. COMING EVENTS CASTING THEIR SHADOWS. The London ''Spectator," in ita issue of May 9. stated:-"The Berlin correspondent of the 'Times' drew attention on Thursday and Friday to the curious action of the German authorities in withdrawing the permission to Frenchmen to live in Alsace and Lorraine. He say« that probably it will not be admitted that there is a sys- tematic scheme of expulsion. The warn- ings are being given singly and verbally by gendarmes. It looks as if the general idea is. in the correspondent's words, to 'get rid of the French. There were about 13,000 French people residing in Alsace Lorraine in 1005, and about 11.000 in 1910." MEETING AT BURNSIDE. "A RIGHTEOUS WAR." A meeting, convened by the Burnside District Council, was held at St. David's Hall. Burñfeide, on.Monday night for the purpose of raising money for the patriotic fund and the Red Cross Society. The chairman of the council (Mr. Peter Wood) occupied the chair, and there waa a large attendance. The Chairman said they had satisfaction in knowing that England had done her duty. They all appreciated what Sir Ed- ward Grey,and the Prime Minister bad done to avoid bringing Great Britain into tne struggle, but tue odds were against them, and England had no alternative to doing all she could in defence of a weaker nation. There could be only one result victory for the Allies-but before that was attained there would be great distress. Already a considerable sum had been sub- scribed, but that would be altogether in- adequate. Many of them could not go to the front, and they should-do what they could with their time, talents, gold, and silver to help those who would suffer by the war. (Applause.) " t The Rev. li. Howard, in a stirring ap- peal for assistance, said he was not a war- like man, but lie believed there was a time when the sword had to be drawn. The present war waa a righteous war. He was au Imperialist, and not a Little Engländer, because he believed that where the flag went there went freedom, fairplay, and safety for man, woman, and child. (Ap- plause.) Britain was now fighting for a great principle, and not for the purpose .if aggrandisement, and she had no feelings of enmity against Germany. She was not like France with a long-standing grievance to redress. England was out not because <me was a foe of Germany, but- because she was the friend of freedom; not because she was opposing a nation, but because she was antagonising a policy of persistent bing and intrigue; not because she was envious of a rival Power, but because she was chivalrous for a weak Power: not be cause she was jealous of Germany, but be- cause she was zealous for the spread of truth and honor and fairplay among the nations. (Apolause.) "Lover as I am of peace," he continued, "I would be willing myself to go to the front and bear anns on an occasion like this. (Applause.) I believe that because Ave are on the side of right and freedom and fairplay success must crown the nation's arms." He urg-*d his hearers and the residents of that dis- trict to do airthey possibly could to assist the movement for the alleviation of dis- tress and to provide first aid for the wounded on the, battlefield.1, At the instance of the chairman, the aims of the British Bed Cross Society were succinctly explained by Airs. T. Ryder, a member of that orc-nnination. The Rev. John Warren proposed that "this meeting endorses the action tak<"n by the Afavor of Adelaide in inaucmrating a ".atriotie fund for the purpose of relieving distrf-as occasioned by the pres°nt lament ->H*» E'irooean war. and we, the re=idcrts -f the R-mr-id" district, hereby undertake fo do nil pa=sibl<> to auement the find." Councillor Savase seconded, and the mo- tion was eam°d un-inimoiislv. On the -rnoHori of Gonri-^llor E. A. An »tev, second«? *bv Air. H. E Cornish, a 'arse committop v.i«¡ avmnmtcd to. carry out the objects of the meeting. IN THE_C0UNTRY. DEMONSTRATION . AT WASLEY«. WASLEYS, August 22.-An enthu- siastic patriotic demonstration was held in the institute last night. Mr. W. H. George piesided and was sup- ported on the platform by Messrs. »John Campbell and W. E. EfN-on. who made references to .the war. Mr. AY. E. Edson moved that "The residents of Wasleys "and surrounding district wish to place on record -their loyalty to his Majesty the King and -the 'British Empire, and they pledge t'lembelves to maintain in every possible way the honor-and dignity of the British race." Mr. John Campbell seconded. The motion was carried wita much cheering. Patriotic songs and cho- ruses were rendered by Miss L. Eggers Mis. .South, the' school children, and Messrs. Coles, K. Oliver, and I. Camp- bell; recitations were given by tac school children. Miss Mattiske, Messrs. J. Everett, and'E. Day. Mrs.' South, Mi&s; Schneider- and Mr. Ian Campbell pre- sented an illustration of the might of_ the British navy. The audience snn¿ patriotic songs. Cheers were given for the King, for the Empire and its allies aud Lord Kitchener. The chairman thanked the institute committee for allowing the free use of the hall, and congratulated Mrs. South and Mr. Ian Camphell for having so successfully-organised the demonstra- tion. The proceeds are to so to the war fund and realised over £11. Vn" ' ¿'CALLED BACK. WALLAROO,, August 21.-The steamer Imperial Transport, 2,924 tons, Captain Franklin, arrived this morning from Ocean Island via Albany, with 6 950 tons of phos fhatc' rock for. Wallaroo and Mount Lveil 'hosphaie Company. J. Darling & Son, agents-. It appears the cargo was for Ger- many, and the captain had sailed from Newcastle on July 31 for Stettin, in Ger- many, and called at Albany for coal- The captain was informed there of the war, and ordered to proceed to Wallaroo by his agents. On the voyage from albany to Wallaroo a large steamer was sighted, and the Transport made the usual signals at night, but immediately the stranger put out all her lights. WALLAROO, August 21.-A patriotic demonstration was held this afternoon. The arrangements were in the hands of the Alayor (Air. W. Price, jun.), chairman of the board of advice (Air. J. Malcolm), and head teacher of the public school (Air C. Bray). At 2 p.m. the scholars of the public school and St- Joseph's RC. school to the number of over 600 met in the square opposite the school, and after goinjr throuo-h the ceremony of saluting the ila** formed into line, headed by the school band, members of Wallaroo Town Council, school board. Wallaroo Progress League, minister, and citizens. The main streets were paraded, the Town Hall being reache*1 at 3 o'clock. The building was soon filled and the Alayor presided, being supported by Air. J. F. Herbert, AIP-, Captair Franklin (of the British steamship Imperia. Transport), Revs. J. A. McLellan, ß. For- sayth, and J. Willshire, members of town council and Kadina School Board. The elder scholars from the public school were also on the platform, and sang "The Song of Australia and "The Marseillaise." Ap- propriate patriotic speeches were delivered Mr. Malcolm moved the following résolu t.on:-"That this meeting of citizens of Wallaroo and the children attending our public and private schools in the town de- sire to place on record our loyalty to Ids Alajesty King George V., and express the fervent hope that the British^ Empire may in the hands of Divine Providence be in dtrumental in bringing the present Euro- pean war to a speedy, honorable, and per- manent peace." This was supported by the Alayor, Revs. S. Forsayth, A. J. AIc Lellan, and J. Willshire, and Mr. J. F Herbert, ALP., and carried, with cheers for the King, the. Empire, and our Allit-s. A collection was taken up at the door in nid of the local funds to assist any canes of distress caused by the war. The Mayor intimated that a public meeting would be held cm Monday evening to consider mat- ters in connection with the war fund. CLARE, August 21.-A large crowd met in Alain-street to-day to bid farewell to the local men who are to'join the expedi- tionary force. Those who left were Lieu- tenants A. H. Bray and W.-E. Al. Blight, Quartermaster-Sergeant A. H. Williams, Sergeant J. C. AlcCarthy, and Privates Field and Oliver, all of the mounted in- fantry. Three cheers were given for them, and the crowd san¿ "For they are jolly good fellows." NARRACOORTE, August 20.-A dozen young men here have volunteered ' for "ser- vice in the Australian expeditionary forces. Three members of the infantry company, who passed the medical test, will leave on Friday evening, for the camp, at Adelaide. About eight -volunteers from Bordertown, and i similar number from Kingston, will be examined medically on Friday. LYNDOCH, August 211-A branch of the Red Cross Society was formed here yesterday at the suggestion of Miss Gil- bert. Arrangements were made for Misses Kennedy and Springbett to buy a quantity of flannel and flannelette, to be made into garments. A sum ,of £9 7/ was collected, and more money was promised. Miss Gil- bert was appointed president, Mrs. AValker rice-president, Mrs. Gitsham secretary, Mrs. Crambrook assistant secretary, Miss Kennedy treasurer, Mesdames Schrader, Nicholas, Walker, Buttfield, and Miss Rus- hall were appointed a cutting-out commit- tee. RENMARK, A'ugu-t 20.-A patriotic ser- vice, held at the Renmark Institute, was a great success, all the churches be'na re- presented. Addresses were given by the Revs. H. R. Cavalier. B.D., and F. G. Rogers, and Mr.H. S. Taylor. Kipling's "Recessional," "O God. our help in agrs pa=t," and anthems by G. F. Chinner, J. B. O'Hara, and Rev. 0. Lake, were sung under the leadership of a larec combined choir, with instrumentalists, conducted by Mr. E. C. Gibbons. The Renmark "Or- pheus" Quartet, and Messrs. E. A. Ham and II. AV. Pens, also contributed. A re- cital by Mr. S. Ramsay Cox of Kipling's "The English Flag" waa much enjoyed. The company of local volunteers for the expeditionary force, and a squad of Boy Seouta attended. A collection taken up I in aid of the Renmark Hoüpital realised lover £S. BLYTH, August 20.-The chairman of the district council (Mr. William Pratt) presided at a meeting held to form - patriotic fund. He said every pewon in the district should do 'his utmost to alle- viate distress. His council had decided to donate £5 5/, and if necessary would give more. Mr. E. C. Deland said that his- firm had already promised 100 25-lb. bags of flour, and if the necessity arosse < another donation of a similar amount would be made. Air. T. Dunsto te also spoke. Air. C. H. -Davis suggested holding entertainments. Airs. Walker suggested I a united church parade. Other speakers ' were:-Mrs. Pratt, Atesara. R. Buzacott, O. L. Isaaehsen. 'H. C. Alaemillan, A. T Wiltshire fi. M. Adams, J. T. Harmer, A. 11. Webber. T. F. H. Walker, and A B. Baird and Aiiss Fairchild. It was Je c'<*ed to estabii-sh a fund to be called the Blyth District War Relief Shilling Fund Messrs. E. Al. Adams, B. Ellery, and V. J. Wiltshire were, asked to constants themselves a committee to arrange enter I tainments. It was decided to h iii a united I church parade, and the following were ap [ pointed members of the conni.tree: - I Alossrs. T. Dunstone, H. It. Stíinhard;, C. H. Davis, J. S. Knowles, C. H. Z<.veck. and A. L. McEwin. In regird to the Red Cross- Society the following -"-smimttcc were appointed to aot in «-oujuiutioii wiifl members of the ¡district eo.me:l.- -AIc3Sis. E. C. Deland. R. Buzacott, Dr. llcynf. mann, J. S. Knowles, A. B. A vi, C. iJ. Davis, O. L. Isàaehsen, A. JJ. MîE.viu, E. L. Felstead, A. J. Webber, and Hugh C. Alacmillan. I RED CROSS SOCIETY. The management of the Wondergraph Picture Theatre, Hindley-strect, have in- timated to Lady Galway that a biograph entertainment will be provided in the theatre on September 2 for the purpose of raising funds for the lied Cross Society's woik. RED CROSS WORK AT UNLEY. _At the invitation of the Mayoress of Unley (Mrs. W. Dollman) a large number of residents assembled at the City Hall on Monday evening to consider a proposai to form a branch of the Red Cross Society. The mayor and mayoress were supported on the platform by Mr. C. Vaughan, M.P., Mr. T. H. Smeaton, M.P., Aldermen Cooke Parsons, and Dring, Councillor Hicks, ana Mr. T. Ryan. It was decided that an Unley section of the South Australian branch of the British Red Cross Society be formed, and that the Unley City Coun- cil be requested to grant, free of charge, the use of such accommodation as may he necessary for the work of the society. Officers were elected:-President, the Mayoress (Mrs. Dollman); vice-presidents, Mesdames J. H. Cooke and D. J. Gordon; treasurer, Miss Powell; ioint secretaries, the Misses Muilaney and C. Osborn. A branch of the St. John Ambulance So- ciety was also formed, and a number of ladies^ intimated their intention to take a first-aid course under Dr. H. H. E. Rus- sell. It was decided that sections be formed at Parkside, Goodwood, and Hyde Park under the direction, of the Unley branch. Patronage was granted to a gift afternoon to be held at Wayville. A col- lection to raise funds for the purchase of materials amounted to £33, including £4 7/ collected at a men's service at St. Augustine's Church on Sunday. ASSISTANCE FROM XORAA-OOD. The mdyor or Norwood and Kensington (Mr. H. J. Holden") reported at the fort- nightly meeting of the council, that £50 had been voted towards the patriotic fund inaugurated by the mavor of Adelaide. A motion that Aldermen Phillips and Hooper and Councillors Auld, Atkins, and Flaherty be appointed as a sub- committee to assist the central committee in the distribution of the "mayor's fund in Norwood was carried A Mr?. Reevps had also offered to give con- certs in Norwood and other towns in aid of the fund. ST. PETERS BRANCH.', Tn connection with the St. i Peters branch of the Red Cross Society, the members of the Ladies," Guild of the Presbyterian Church at St. Peters are nlanning to form themselves into a circle for Red Cross work, with anv others who may wish to co-operate. The Sunday school has arranged to divert the proceeds of a concert to be g'ven this even- ing, and originally intended for the church'' building fund, to the purchase of material "for the Red Cross work. " In this way efficient organisations already existing is being used to meet the sudden demand for Red Cross supplies. GLENELG BRANCH. The meeting convened by the Mayoress of Glenelg I Mrs. E. Broomhead) in the local Town Hall on Friday afternoon for i the formation of a branch of the Red Cross Society and seeking the interest and co-operation of every woman 'n Glenelg to make garments for the soldiers, and also to relieve cases or distress, was largely at- tended, the hall being filled witlh lady re- sidents. The Mayoress, who occupied the chair, espre-sed her pleasure at seeing such a large gathering, and felt sure she coald rely upon tiheir active co-operation in the work for which she, by reason of her offi- cial posit'on, had called them together. Mrs. E. A. Mayfield said the Mayoress desired the active assistance of every woman in Glenelg in the matter of help- ing to send comforts to their soldiers at the front and making arrangements to re- lieve the cases of distress which wou'd arise locally. The fact that the wives and families of those who had volunteered to fight for tlie liberty of the Empire would be properly cared for during their absence, would, to a certain extent, mitigate their distress in leaving their homes and their dear one, and give them greater courage to meet the perils of war. 'She explained the Red Cross scheme. Patterns of the various garments that re- quired making had been sent by-Lady Gal- way, and it was announced that Aire. Rich- ardson had offered to lend a sewing ma- chine, and Messrs. John Martin & Co. a knitting machine. Presents of flannel and' flannelette thad also bee donated by sym- pathisera. Appointments were made is follows:-President, the Mayoress (Mrs. E. Broomhead); hon. treasurer, Mrs. J. R. Baker; joint secretaries, Mesdames E. A. Alayfield and W. Stuart; collecting com- mittees, north side of Jetty-road, Ales dames J. Lumsdon, C. Hillman, and Cha brel; south side, Afesdames A. P. O'Lea-y and G. F. Hussey; entertainment'commit- tee, Mesdames B. Kither and A. Latter. The Alayoress and Mrs. Alayfield were ac- corded hearty vote of wanks for their efforts in regard t cmhe formation of the branch, and the meeting concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. HLNDALARSn UNIT. A large number of ladies interested in the formation of a Hindmarsh unit of the Red Cross Society assembled in the Hind- marsh Council Chamber on Alonday even- ing. The Alayor of Hindmarsh (Air. J. D. Brown), after c-pla-ining the objects of the gathering, handed over the meeting to the ladies. He wished the project every success, and promised a donation of £2 2/. The Alayoress of Hindmarsh (Airs. J. D. Brown) presided. By a unanimous vote it iras decided to form a branch in Hind- marsh. The ladies present formed them- selves into a committee for the purpose of collecting money and getting material to-make np garments for the soldiers. It was derided that the district be divided into collecting areas for that purpose. The following officers were elected:-President, the Alayoress: scercfary. Airs. A. T. Nicholls: treasurer, Mrs. J. B. Wilson; vice-president. Aïrf.. T. R. -Solly; executive committee, Alesdamps H. C. Parley, C. J. Chittleborongh, H. W. James, G. opooner, H. C. Clarke. Collecting Iwoks will be distributed at a meeting to be held at the end of the week. The Alavorcss. desT-es it to . be known that anv lady in the dis- trict who wished to help in the movement would be welcomed at that gathering. SOLDIERS A~ÑD THE VOTE ELECTORAL ARRANGEMENTS Melbourne, August 23. It was desired by the Alinister of De- fence that it should be made explicitly known that any member of any expedi- tionary force who may be outs.de Aus- tralia on election day can, under the Electoral Act, vote before he leaves. The chief electoral officer in a statement sub- mitted to the Prime Minister points out that voting before an electoral registrar is limited to those electors who have reason to believe that they will not be in any Commonwealth division on polling-day, and who attend before an electoral regis- trar at the office of the registrar at any time, after the issue of the writ,' for an election and before polling day. Provision is bsing made for the appointment of poll ;ng-places at or in the immediate vicinity of the avérai concentration camps throughout the Commonwealth, and at or in the immediate vicinity of forts'where members of the military forces aro en- gaged. Prior to the dispatch of the con tingf-nt from Sydney the Federal elec- toral officer for New South Wales was requested to get in touch with the local naval and military authorities and arrange that the membera of the contingent should be informed in regard to the law which enables an elec- tor who has reason to believe that he will not be in the Commonwealth on polling I day to vote before an_ electoral registrar prior to leaving. This nformation was given out to the men on parade, and the 1 names and addres es of twe ve conveniently located registrars before whom they could attend and vote with the least delay were supplied to them. The registrars were fully equipped and icqnested to hold them- selves in readiness, and the men were granted special leave by the military autho nrities to enable them to attend before ¡ these or other registrars and lecord'theri votes in the ordinary course. It i thus cannot fairly be said that the reason why comparatively few of the men voted was because they were not provided with the proper facilities. "X desire to add," says thb chief elee torajl officer, "that an earnest endeavor has been made, and is being made, by the De- fence Department, and the electoral ad- ministration to afford all electors connected with the miljtary and- naval services who are leaving Australia prior to polling da}*, or who will be in Australia on polling day, the fullest opportunity practicable of re- I cording their votes." , I Information has been received by the Minister of Defence from the Brifsh Go- vernment that officers of the territorial forbes and officers in the training corps of Britain who are present in Australia are not required to return to England at present if they desire to belong to the at- i tached corps in Australia. QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, August 24. Hundred;- of Civil servants have already applied for leave in order to volunteer tor active'military service. A meeting of sup- porters of the Queensland Patriotic Fund was held to-day, the Mayor presiding. A constitution for the fund was adcpted and a public meeting will be held on Wednes- day. ' THE BANK OF ENGLAND. "ANOTHER INSTANCE OF GREAT- NESS." Melbourne, August 22. The Premier (Sir Alexander Peacock) yesterdav received a cable message from Mr. McBride, the Agent-General in Lon- don, stating that the Bank of England was advancing 97 per cent, against South African gold lodgments. Sir Alexander Peacock, commenting on the message, said the action of the Bank of England would tend to improve the financial position m -Africa and facilitate business between the Union and Great Britain. He supposed the gold would be lodged in a bank in South Africa appointed by the Bank of England as agent, and the credit would be registered in England to the extent of 97 per cent, pending adjustments later on. "This," said Sir Alexander Peacock, "is another instance of the greatness of the Bank of England, backed up by the British I nation." PATRIOTIC AND GENEROUS SPORTSMEN. Mount Gambier, August 22. At a meeting of the committee of the Mount Gambier Racing Club last night it was resolved to forward an expression of loyalty to the King through the Governor. 11" was also decided to donate all the pro- fits from the Spring meeting to the patrio tice fund. Mr. James Pick was elected to the committee in the place of the late Mr. John Spain. BROKEN HILL. Bx-oken Hill, August 24. Fourteen more Broken Hill infantry- men left Broken HUI for the Adelaide camp to-night, and another contingent will leave to-morrow evening. The Broken Hill district distress relief committee to-day passed applications for another £120 worth of relief coupons. TASMANIA. Hobart, August 24. The Alayor's Fund, has now reached £2,676. Parliament will meet this week to introduce legislation similar to that,on the mainland, dealing with matters arising out of the war crisis. They included the Alora torium Bill and appropriation measures, while a commission is to be set up to con- trol the supply of foodstuffs and regulation of prices. At. a meeting of the executive conimittee of the Patrióme Fund to-night it was de- cided to ask the Mayor of Alelbourne that the fund be made a general Australian fimd, subject to ascertaining from -him if all tlie States were willing to fall* in with the suggestion. OFF T0~THE WAR. FRENCHMEN FROM AUS- TRALIA. Melbourne, August 24. Tlie French reservist« from Sydney who are proceeding to En*-1and will be added to before the vessel leaves Port Alelbourne. A number of Frenchmen who have been living in Victoria will join the vessel, sp a continrrent of Frenchmen wfll also sail from Alelbourne. NEW SOUTH WALES. I Sydney. August 24. > Up to Friday last 10.780 men had | volunteered for service with the New South Wales quota of the expeditionary force. Of this total 6,100 were found fit for active service, and only the best men have been accepted. THE MAÏÏTSERVICE. STEAMERS WITHDRAWN.' TEMP0RARY~T1ME-TABLE. Melbourne, August 24. Owing to the dislocation of the English mail services, caused by the withdrawal of the R.M.S. Omrah and Orvieto, tne acting secretary of "the Postmaster-Gene-, ral's- Department -has found it necessary to arange a temporary time-table for the disp'atch of mails to London. As Brindisi and Toronto routes have been closed, and the Alarseilles service has been suspended, mails by the Orient and P. & O. boats will arrive in London six to eight days later than usual. In consequence it has been decided to send some of the mails via Ameriea. The following is a list of the mail steamers leaving up till October 2: Alails Should leave Arrive Sydney London Alalwa (P. & 0.).Aug.25-Oct.4 ' Ventura (Oceanic) .. .. Aug. 2i>-Sep. 29 Alakura (Can. Aus.) .. .. Sep. 8-Oct. 19 I Alorea (P. & O.) .. .. Sep. 8-Oct. 19 ! Aloana (East. Pacific) . ..Sep. 12-Oct. 1(5 ! Alaloja (P. & O.) .. .. Sept.22-Oct.31 , Sonoma (Oceanic) \\. .. Sept. 26-Oct. 25 Otway (Orient)*.Sept. 30-Nov. 8 Niagara -(Can. Aus.) .. Oct.2-Nov.7 i CIVIL SERVANTS WHO VOLUNTEER. Alelbourne, August 24. | The official announcement was made on1 Saturday that public servants serving in the expeditionary force would draw mili- tary pay only whilst employed. The1 Almister of Defence pointed out that it had already been agreed by the Pre-, miers that their public servants appoint- ments should remain open for them on their return to Australia, and that dur-| ing the period of their service with the¡ expcditiouary force they would in ordinary circumstances have been granted increased pay, such increased pay to be gran tea to ,them on resuming duty in the public ser- vice. NATURALISATION OF . GERMANS. __ ' ,' ,'. Melbourne, »Augusti24. Naturalisation has been popular with German citizens of the Commonwealth since the war was declared between Great Britain and the Fatherland. In normal times an average of 69 applicants a month is maintained, but the last few weeks have disclosed a remarkable increase. Since the beginning of the present month no fewer than 777 Germans have taken the. oath of allegiance to the King. PRIZE COURTS. Melbourne. August 24. The Federal Attorney-General (Sir AVil liam Irvine) announced on Saturday that Prize Courts had been established in all the States except Queensland, and pro- bably by this time in Queensland. The shins which were detained by the Govern- ment would be immediately vested in the marshalri of the Prize Courts, and. thus come under the control and jurisdiction of the courts. Sir William Irvine _pro ceeded to state that a claim in the form of a condemnation claim would be made by the Crown in respect of each of the ships detained, but though the claim was brought in that form, the courts would doubtless give effect to the Convention of Ghent, and in respect of ships which .were either in Australian ports at the out- break of the war or came into ports without knowledge of war having broken out. would make a decree off detention, not of confiscation. This, however; would not apply to any ships which were so fitted as to be convertible into shins of war. TRANSPORTAS-" TROOPS. WHARF LABORERS CAUSE A DELAY. Melbourne, Angusr. 24. Members of the Melbourne Wharf La- borera' Union on Saturday refused to work overtime on the steamer Port Lincoln, and as a result caused a serious interruption to the plans that had been made for making the vessel fit for the transport of" troops from Australia. The Port Lincoln ar- rived in port on Thursday, bringing, be- sides a large quantity of cargcya batch of immigrants. The vessel's satisfactory career as an immigrant ship impressed the de- fence authorities with her suitability as a transport, and on Friday last she was added to the fleet of troopships that has been secured by the department. The agenta were asked to? lo all possible to have the Melbourne cargo landed, and to expedite the vessel's departure for Syd- ney, and they promised all possible assis- tance. On Friday they communicated with the Victorian Stevedoring Company and asked the company to request the men to work ttae vessel on Saturday between noon-the ordinary time for ceasing opera- tions-and 11 p.m. '..he wharf workers were informed on Friday of what was re- quired, and no complaint wat. received. On Saturday morning, 'however, the 32 wharf laboréis who handle the cargo after it has left the ship's slings intimated that they did not intend to work after 12 o'clock. The officials of tlic union endeavored fo persuade the men to continue work, but without lesult. The men stated that the overtime rate of 3/6 per hour would not induce them to work ,and at noon they ceased work. The stevedores who handle the cargo in the sfaip'a holds and place it on tine wharf, were willing to work on, but the refusal of the wharf workers made it impossible for work Mo be carried fur- ther that day. The vessel'« departure for Sydney has accordingly been delayed. The carpenters who were engaged to refit the interior of the Port Lincoln worked all day Saturday witnout any complaint. The action of the wharf laborers in refusing to assist the defence authorities at a criti- cal timc( has been condemned by other unionists^ and the matter has been re- ported to the Waterside Workers' Fede- ration. ENTHUSIASM IN TASMANIA.1 ENROLLING IN RIFLE CLUBS. 1 Hobart, August 23. ; Hobart, is getting enthusiastic over the military movement, especially regarding the second line of defence, viz., rifle clubs. On Saturday there was a motor ear parade, j the vehicles being decorated with flags and j tricolor ribbon, while over the fronts of ' the cars were posters bearing the words. "Enrol in rifle elubs. On Saturday night there was a monster de- monstration outside the Town Hall, thou- sands of people assembling to hear patrio- tic speeches delivered by the Mayor and others. At the conclusion many registered their names, nearly 500 now being enrolled j as members of rifle clubs. MINERS AND_THE WAR. Wellington, August 23.-. The Dennison .and Alillerton coal mineti have declined to accede to the reqtíesí o| the Westport Coal Company to'work on the fortnightly Saturday (pay holiday) to accelerate the fulfilment of Admiralty mob orders. It is understood that the men contend that the same result of improved output could be achieved by an increase in the numtber of truckers and other va'riáV tions of the conditions, and giving hewetir more tubs. The company, however, cann'dt obtain any more of the latter than they; have at present employed. The1 Prime Aiinisfcer (Air. Massey) telegraphed appeal- ing to the men as loyal citizens to gi-"*)*» up the holiday in order to assist'the na- tion, but the men refused to- work. * * v The marinejnsuranee offices in New Zea- land ETC increasing the rates on homeward bound cargoes 25 per cent., owing to 'th# increased risks of navigation. * QUEENSLAND. s Brisbane» August 24. The,/committee of the Queensland Pat- riotic 'Fund to-day voted £1,000 for the Belgian Relief Fund. The Treasurer (Air. Barnes) said ' there would be no retrenchment in the Civil Service in consequence of the war. It , was intended, while exercising care and economy, to endeavor to keep matters-at the present pitch and maintain a full staff, I of public sen ants. Air. Denham (the Premier) to-day said a proclamation bringing into force the pro- visions of the Aleat Supplies Bill was beipg withheld until such time as the Imperial I Government requested it\to be issued. The effect of the Bill had been to enable the I Imperial authorities to make very satis- factory arrangements in England with re- , gard to meat. ?*' The Burns Philp steamer Alatunga a*r» rived at Pinkenba this afternoon from Port .Moresby, via.Cooktown-and Cairns She was ahead of scheduled time, as she did not call at Samarai or Woodlark. * VICTORIA. Melbourne, August 24. The Lord Alayor's fund now stands at £67,526. The Red Cross Society's fuiid stands at £9,400, including £500 from tlie South Australian branch. ' ALLAH PROTECT THE KING, MELBOURNE MOHAMMEDANS. -" Melbourne, August 24.1 ' The Mohammedans in Melbourne to-dajl offered np prayers, for the «access of the British arms in the present conflict. A SDecial service was conducted by Said Jelavy Shah, the Mohammedan priest at the Botanic Gardens in the morning. About forty devotees attended, and, st- , ting on the grass with heads bowed, they called upon Allah to protect the King and bring confusion to his enemies. Many of them wore the costume of their country, and on the breast of each a bunch of rea, white, and blue ribbons was pinned. ^The ' ceremony waa part of the feast of Rama- dan, an important Mohammedan festival held on the morning of the new moon. - To the Editor. Sir-I would like to make an appeal-to the parents of the young men of the 76th Battalion now stationed at Largs Bay to help the Y.M.C.A. in their noble ?effort» to brighten the surroundings óf-tne^f young men in camp. This worthy institut tion is trying to make their residence there as nearly a home from home as they; ' Eossibly can. I don't think we realise the enefits which accrue to our boys from the I influence of the Y.*M.C.A. there. At the I same time they are brightening the manir, ' dreary hours which our sons have to meet. No leave, strict discipline, the ground 'for a bed. outpost duty in the bitter cold, food far different from that obtained in I their homes; yet the Y.M.C.A. steps in and says, "Look, lads, come in here and make yourselves at home; have a sing- song; have a game; here's a place to write to dear old mother; here's paper and err- ~ velopes." I say it is. our duty as. fathers to help this institution which is helping our boys. If 500 fathers were to put in one shilling a week that would give them £25 \, a week. If you have your son's welfare at heart, put in; if you don't care, stop out. I am sending along a shilling a week for three months. I will be pleased to collect from patents in the .Hindmarsh district and forward to the Y.M.C.A.4 Send along your names and shillings; think, cr* , your boys,-I am. &c.; J. HOLT. Robert-street, Hindmarsh. I Sir-I would like a little information . with reference to the Act just passed by Parliament. The intention of its framers is evidently right, but I am afraid it-, will lia ve just the opposite effect to, that foi which it is intended, i.e., assisting, and-pro- tecting the poor and needy. It is quite right to interfere with corpens" and '"monopolies," but if the Commission is go- ing to put a stop to legitimate profit "the first result will be the closing down of all I credit. This will not affect the wealthy or the fanner, but will throw thousands, both in the country, as well as the city, into a state of starvation. One-third of th«-- trade of the country and suburban stores is done with the poorer classes, to whom some credit is given. The stores have only been able to give these people I rredit by receiving a fair profit from those who are able to pay. If this profit is cut down the storekeepers will no longer be able to help the poorer community over the pinch of bad times, and they will at once . be confronted with the position of, no work, no money, no credit, and therefore no frod. No business man wants to tafee advantage of a crisis like this-to get ab- normal profits. If he does he is not a. business man, but a fool, for people have long memories, and he will suffer after- tile crisis is over. But if you were to search the books of tlie storekeeper you would find that he is the greatest philanthrop.st m the . --tate, and is carrying thousands of families over lean years. Our politicians are very generous with other people's, goods, but up to the present I have seen* nothing to indicate that they are taking a third less salary themselves, 'or donating an amount equal to that to help the poor over tlie present crisis.-I am, &c.;, . COUNTRY. * Sir-I would like to draw attention to the forming,of the Red Cross Society in South Australia. Seeing that Mr. Bulman stated tile other day that there were about 2,000 men holding first-aid certificates in the railway servicp, I think if the men at ' the larger stations formed a unit each it would be ii good move for the Red Cross Society.-I am, &c.;, - '" *- '."' R15D CROSS. . 