DOMINIONS COMMISSION'S REPORT. Australian Immigration, Harbours, Shipping, and Mail Services, LONDON, January 28! Continuing its report, which' has jusc been issued, the Dominions Royal Commis sion states that its members were deeply impressed throughout Australasia by the desire on the part of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations, and for not only tariff pre ference, but a clear and distinct prefer ence based on sentiment and patriotism. i —Labour and Agriculture.— Discussing the question of migration, the report status that labour-saving .machinery is much more used for agriculture in Aus tralia and New Zealand ?than in Europe. Comparisons show that the proportion of the population engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits Is smaller than in the United States and many European coun trieo. and that the town population is ex cessive. Since the mother country is already dependent upon the overseas tor a considerable proportion of her food sup plies and raw material, the commission is impressed with the desirableness of as large a portion as possible of the dominions ueinj occupied by population which will assist in the development of the primary resources. —Opposition to Immigration.— The best age of immigrants is considered to be from 16 to 24. The townbred youth, fays the report, often finds his feet quicker in the new environment than the rustic. The requirements of Australia and New Zealand are largely fulfilled by welldis posed youths whom the environment of the United Kingdom has forced into blind alley employments and youths from indus trial schools. The ro^mnission did not find anv evidence that only those who followed agriculture in the old country can become successful asricultariste in the new. There is a string undercurrent of opposition in Australia and New Zealand to immigration, principally among the urban wage-earners and artisans, who regard immigration as likely to increase competition with the skilled labour market. 'The.commiss.ion be lieves that this hostility to immigration arises mainly from present defects m the immigration system. ' ' ? —Farming on the Share System.— . ; farming on the share system is extend ing in Australia, and is a highly, com mendable organization. Family migration will entail considerable , public expense before' the ideal system is reached! The report recommends fuller use of the methods adopted at Pitt Town, New South Wales, which is characterized as an admirable 'institution. It is. not desi rable, says the commission, to leave the duty of describing the attractions of Ihs dominions to interested passage agents. There exists a undespread feeling, :which the commission considers justifiable.' that misrepresentation is not uncommon, though there have been few cases of actual fraud. ? ^Greater Co-operation Urged.— The possibility of making greater, use .of tho British .labour .exchanges deserves close attention, says the report, particu larly in connection with juvenile emigra tion. The commission recommends greater co-operation between the 'home and ??Aus- tralasian Governments regarding' the migra tion of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whom are willing; to go to Australia anil New Zealand, but find it difficult, though already accustomed' to a' climate, more try ing than is northern' Australia. The sav ing by 'direct migration would allow' con siderable financial assistance to such ami grants. The commission is favourably im pressed with the German settlements in' Queensland and. South Australia, and with the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farm settlements in Victoria. Such migration irould be a .wholesome addition to New Zealand and southern Australia. ? ? —Family Migration.—1 Discussing female emigration, the report 6tates that the surplus in Britain is mainly, in the residential towns, and principal elderly ladies and women servants. The ranks 'of female domestics have oeen de pleted by the demands of commerce and industry in the United Kingdom compared with 20 years ago. The commissioners intend to deal with the matter-in greater, detail in their final report. Dealing with the difficulty of family migration, the com missioners state that parents are often1 too old to settle Comfortably. ? A man may be tempted to establish himself prema turely as a farm owner or a tenant. Ready made farms are non-existent to any large extent. ' . —Suez Canal.— Regarding tbe Suez Canal the commis sion is impressed wito the capacity of the cftnal to deal without undue delay with 15.000 ships, against the present 5,000, pro vided certain traffic regulations are ob served. The commission is' also impressed with' the (increasing ability of the canal to take vessels of deep draught. Shortly the depth will 'be 30 ft., hut it is doubtful whe ther this will be sufficient to provide for the 'necessities of a quick ocean service tvith Australia. The fart that the Pani m'n Canal gives a depth of 40 ft. will ac :elerate the already rapid increase in the size and drauzht of ocean tnrrierR. —Deepening the Harbours.— It is doubtful, says the commission, whe ther the authorities controlling Australia and New Zealand harbours are priperlv alive to the quick increase of draught ivincfi is in prospect. The proper standard is 40 ft. Except at Sydney, Hobart, Ws'.u.ig ton, and Auckland, the facilities cr-'' *~1 siderably below that standard, and the commissioners say they, cannot urge too strongly that the governing bodies at the ports_ should devote their earnest consi deration to the problem of deepening har bours. —Greater Speed for Mailboats — Any semiautomatic renewal of the mail contract with a slight improvement in epeed and conditions and a slight decrease in coat would be inadequate as a solution of the problem which needs to be handled on broader lines, which -would give full consideration to all variants, particularly the speed restrictions in respect of Suez. Ihere are grave reasons to doubt the reality of competition under the present arrangements. A continuance of a quasi monopoly for a long period would probably lie injurious to the development of ship ping, as it removes a great incentive to the construction of faster ships.' No mail con tract is satisfactory which doe3 not pro vide for sea speed considerably in excess of that of unsubsidised lines. —Bilk of Lading.— The -coramiesion directs attention to the complainte that outward bills of lading are out of date and unduly cqmplicated in favour of shipowners against customers, Aevertheiess there was evidence that many companie3£rantcd redress which they were not legally compelled to give. There' is evidence that the strength of the shipping rinz of London k so great that the conv bined action of importers has proved of little avail. The report draws attention to the sensibility of amending the United Aincdom law m order to bring it into line ?with the Australian Sea Carriage Act of UiM. —Cotton Growing.— The report includes details of a pro [)oral of the British Cotton GnNving As sociation to establish cotton growing .which the Commonwealth and Queensland Go: vernmerits nave accepted.- The commis sionera 'deny that experience 'has shown : '' that cotton can only be successfully grown by meant of.black labour..- On the contrary, 75 per' cent, of the labour jn Texas 'is ' white, and it is-1 possible that Maltese would furnish just the type of labour re quired. . It w estimated that the .picking in Australia would cost 3d. a ft., whereas it is l»d. in the Souuthern States of America. There is evidence that the quality of Aus tralian cotton is such as. to justify the ex-' ? pectation that. a higher price ? would be secured than . m most cotton countries. ,';:,? rhere is also the possibility of a''cotton picking machine reducing t-he. import anci of the Australian . labour factor, and.it . .. should also.be possible to onranze the 'small ' ,'-' jrowera into associations for picking the'V'-'i :rop co-operatively. ?'.'??.- —Other Matters.— ? Whileadmitting that hides are damaged' '?? by branding, the natural remedy, says (he Commissioners, is to differentiate the price betwen hides branded.-'as'the tanners sug gest, and those branded as now. Thejv no not recommend more stringent regulations' V~. regarding glucose in leather. The 'report urges uniformity of legislation and' regu- '? lations regarding food and drugs. The Aus tralasian agricultural, mineral; and forestry resources will be treated in the final report, ' and. also the enquiries of the commission' regarding better.facilities for hnnii';ng meat and fruit, upon which investigat'ons are ; proceeding. The commission is making fur ther enquiries concerning the holding of inter-Imperial exhibitions, and ! the desir ableness of an Imperial Development Board. ? J —The Pacific Cable.— The report comments upon tbe anomaly of the Commonwealth charging t terminal - ' rate of 5d. a word' for the tiWEraission of Pacjfic cables-, whereas the New Zealand charge' is a penny. New Zealand cable mes sages should be reduced to 2/8. The Pacific Cable Board Bays the commission has not -: ehown tne enterprise which might reason-: ably have been expected. The laudable de- * sire: to abolish deficits had obscured' its ,'' vision of larger and more urgent duties. Fo spend two million pounds, and then ' a. leave the cable comparatively idle for two thirds of the day was not commercial politic or commonsense. .. '' 