; THE WEEK'S NEWS IN BRIEF. QUEENSLAND 'A* competitive examination for female telephonists will be hel.l at Brisbane on 12th -September^ The midwinter vacation of -one week, for the State .schools of Queensland will commence on Monday, 23th June. Executive approval hjis been given to the resumption of 135 square miles of Gainsjord holding, North Kennedy dis trict, for settlement purposes. Executive approval has been given to 1he plans, Jtc., of two further sections oi the llrisliiino Sewerage schcme, the estimated cost being £85,000.. . Members of the Royal Commission ap pointed by Ihe South Austra ian Gov. emmcnt to report , on the metropolitan abattoirs, are taking evidence -in Bris bane. The Govcrnor-in-Council has approved of the Rrantinc of a loan of £200 to the Bundanba Shire Council, Tor the purpose of purchasing a piece of land for patk and recreation purposes. In pursuance of the provision's, of - the 'Justjc?s Act of 1886, a proclamation lias been issued declaring and amending the boundaries of the pettv sessions districts ui Maroochy and Caboaltunv ' The Governcr-in-Co; h. s" appro ed of the appointment of Mr. G. E. Running as a" trustee of the licrcoursc reser.e. Eagle Farm, Brisbane, in the' rtom of the Hon. E. B. Forrest, deceased. The Railway- Department lias received tenders from", the following f0r thz supply of ,12 lS-ton cart,'weighbridges; John .Heid nnd Nephews,. Sraellie and Co., HerUberg and Co.. J. B. Wood, Webster n'nd Co., and Paul and Gray. '. Aaarea of 23 acres in-the county oi Churchill, parish of.Laidley, Ipswich'dis trict, has been reserved for- the purposes of a part, . and the following have been unpointed trustees: Messrs. J. M. ?flicker, J. W.Spenco, J. C. A. Nielsen, C. A." Gill, and J. S. Watson. . At a meeting of thev committee of the ."Queensland Country * Retail Traders' 'Association, held on May 27, it was' de cided to hold a display of -Australian made goods* throughout the southern, central, and western districts of . the State from lllli to IStli July. Advices received in Brisbane by the latest mail from London, state that Ernest S. Edmiston. of Brisbane, has Successful"*-, passed his examination at the Royal College'of Music, and now .is entitled to write the highly distinctive letters A.R.C.M. after his name. . An area of SO acres 3 rocds 23 perches in the county of Stanley, parish of Yes rongpilly, is to te resumed for cemtterv purposes. The area is being-added to fie Qlount Gravatt cemetery reserve for the purpose principally of providing access from the Sunnybank railway nUtioa ". With a view to urevvnt the duplication of the license numbers of motor cars from different centres, the. Governor-in ' Council has appro.ed of the Issue . of a .regulation empowering the Commissioner or Police to arrange, distinguishing letters for tlie places of issue of such licenses. . The Rev. Hubert Robertson has been .appointed acting naval- chaplain at Bfis ' bane, during-the temporary absence of -tlte Rev.' R. M. legate, and the Rev. : R A. Bailey has been appointed to a Vmiilar capacity.ai Thursday Island, dur ing, the temporary absence of the Rev. i)r. Joseph.Back. The secretary to the Commissioner for Railways has received a telegram frbm .the Deputy Commissioner (Mr. \V. Pagan} : stating that he - jvill not be able to re . turn to Rristane from his northern 'tour .of inspection until Oth June., Mr. Paean . *tt"111 go av far west as Cloncurry before \- jretuvning t» Brisbane. ' Tim Minister for Ra larays (Hon. W. T. Paget) has been advised that tho navvies ;on the Townsvillc to Irg'aam section of the ?North Coist railway fca'e struck wota lor an increase of Is. per day. The men r.ovv receive 9s. per day. The Minister states that there arc not any new de velopments to report. The tr;4de and customs department has Issued instructions that in future, veiling bearing a spot at intervals of li yards, and veiling, having a small design at feeular intervals, and on which the place for cutting is indicated by a knot of thread Is dutiable at 40 per cent, instead of at 10 to 15 per cent as hitherto. . A regulation has been issued under the jiro\isions of the Harbour Boards Act of ilfc02 and the Harbour Boards Act Amend ment Act of 1306 suspending the collec tion of harbour dues at the port of St. i.awrcnce from 1st June next. This is fceim- done in order to stimulate ship ting activity at tliat port, which has liern languishing for some time past. .The following tenders have been ac cepted by the Department of Public RVotfcs: New Stole school at Speedwell, C«. Coulson, £250 ; new State school at Park View, B. Robinson, £3M; supply i>f 34u bedsteads for new wards in tne fiospital for insane, Goodna, Webster ana Co., Limited, £-1:10 ; bed fumisiungs an<( | furniture for new wards, hospital for in sane, Goodna. John llicfa, £556 lis. t>d .Andrew Ranson has been appointed a' iand inspector lor the Workers: Dwelling*. Board. Harold Hoobe has been apuointed a councillor of the shire of Ravenswood for division 4. \- M. APG. Dickson, W. .J. Haves, and C. A. Wethercd, acting land rangers, have been_ permanently appointed to those I'osi tjons. The office of land inspector, under the Workers' Dwellings Act, has been ex empted from the provisions of the Public Service Act. . . ^ Samuel Lyon has been appointed super intendent" of the reserve for atorigincs and the industrial ulnol at Yarrabah, in the room of Cecil John King. Inspect*: Toohe>\ of Toowoomha, has advised the Commi.wior.cr of Police that the stationmaster at Tara has reported that a - wan named M'Donald committed suicide on Saturday. In the Brisbane Sumn;oas Court oh :uay 20 a number of women were charged with wearing, protruding hatpins. A plea of guilty was recorded in each co.»e, and a .fine of 5s. Was imposed. A» .*- Caunon, coxswain, in charge .of the pilot station at Normanton, has been appointed also acting shipping inspector, shipwright surveyor, '{-hipping master, and boatman, pilot for that pott. . . A competitive examination for . tele graphists . or clerical assistants, Post master-General's Department, will' be held'at Brisbane on 25th July (or.- tele graphy tests and on 10th September1 for. educational lamination. . . The Commissioner of Police hxs been informed bv Inspector Toobey, of Too woomba, that Dr. Stewart, of DalbF, made a post mortem examination of the body of the youth, ' Leslie* Buchanan, which was found in a hut, IS miles from Tara. has reported that death was due to peritonitis, caused bv eating unripe fruit. The Deputy Postmaster-General advises that all letters posted in this State ad dressed to the Ceylon Silk Company, Sydney, and intercepted by the authori ties, have been returned to the senders from the dead letter office. The letters numbered 5,1S3, and postal notes, stamps*, <Jcc., to the value of £791 3s., i were enclosed therein. In the Industrial Court in chambers oi 29th May, in the matter of an appli cation bv the Hampden Cloncurry Copper mines. Limited, to vaxv the award of the court, in connection with the award of the5 Industrial Board for Carpenters and Joiners, in the Townsville division, his honour Judee Maenaughton ordered that the matter he heard in the Industrial Court, Brisbane, on the 9th July. The following vacancies in the Post master-General's Department are notified : Telegraphist, fourth class, Maekny and I Tamho respectively ; postmaster, Rich I mond and Crow's Nest respectively ; postal assistant (in charge), Nobby, i postal assistant, relieving staG (Tovvns | ville), relieving officer, relieving stall I (Brisbane), relieving officer, relieving stift j (Townsville). and line foreman, No. i0 I party. AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND. i Mr.' Charles Boiirbe, of .the firm of j Thomas Bourse, tailors, Brisbane street, lllobarl, was found dead in bed.on 29th May.. " -Speaking atAlnvcrcargil', the Premier <5lr. Mascev) said that the Anglo-Jap anese treht-v was not Sufficient protection for New Zealand.;" .' t - ... i Oil, 25tit May, William Evans, of Norwood, was riding a evele, when he collided with a horse iand. trap. He died in the Adelaide hospital. - The Premier of West Australia has an nounced that free railway passes from point to" point :will be issued to army veterans over 73 years of age. The Presbyterian general assembly was opened at Adelaide on 2Cth May. The Rev. J. R. Tiddian, 3f.Sc.. formerly of Nhlll, Victolia, was elected moderator. On 28th May, at 10.51 p.m.. a severe shock of earthquake was experienced in Adelaide. Houses were shaken, aud hundreds of people ran out in alarm. The death occurred on Slay 27 in Mel bourne of Mr. Thomas Langdon, M.L.A.. Chairman of Committees in the Legislative Assembly. He had been ill lor only a few days. Mr. M'Cutcheon, M.L.A. for St- Kilda, has intimated that for reasons ol health, he docs not propose to present himself as a candidate for re-election, after the Victorian Parliament dissolves this year. The shipping companies engaged in the interstate trade are contemplating nn early increase in the rates of freight on the coast, and already several of the; Syd nev offices have been advised of the pro posed changes. A telegram received bv "the police from Bronrae states that Patrick ilurlev. a fencing contractor at the Lower Liver inga, was attacked by two aborigines in his etnpiov. and iu iclf defcuce he s&ot; his agsressors dead*; The Premier (Hon. D. F. D«nham), ar rived iti Auckland from Vancouver on Monday. " A number of unionists still are dubious of the success of the new Australian Union Federation. The noon baking system in the Sydney metropolitan area has been incorporated in a wages board award The South Clifton colliery was thrown idle on May 26 in consequence of ;i dis pute amongst the wheelers. Harold Morrison, <, police magistrate in Victoria, died recently. He had been in iliheaUh for some time past. An iron safe at the South Clifton Col liery, Wollongong, was blown open bv dynamite on May 26. The safe contained only papers. Difficulties continue to be met with in the building trade, Sydney ..because of the new federal award, covering builders' labourers. The Commonwealth authorities have applied to. the Sydney Council foe, permis sion to erect stamp selling machines on the footpaths. . ' % The Victoria Immigration Companv in America is bearing fruit... New settlers, for Victoria arrive by almost every boat from 'San Francisco. TUc N.S.W. Government intends to in augurate its steam trawling venture bjr purchasing three vessels, at a cost of about £8,000 each. ?'' The secretary - of the Sydney Labour Council says that tttf.new Australian Union.Federation lias one good intention, that of preventing ^strikes* The steamer Kulambanara, "which ar rived recently from the Solomon Group, reported that the natives were showing "signs of hostilities, to the white settlers. The secretary of the Postal Department (Mr. Or:enhan1j will represent the Po'st master-Gcneral at the next postal union congress, to be held. Septemoer, at Madrid. ^ The corner block in Moore and Pitt streel$, Sydney, opposite to the new Commonwealth1 Bank buildig»s, has been purchased by the London Bank oi Aus tralia for £75,000. The Executive Council has com muted the sentence of death passed upon Henry Todd, for a serious oSence on a cirl at Narrandera, to a term ?f 15 Years' imprisonment. The N.S.W. Parliament has been further prorogued to June 9, hut it is very un likely that members will be called to gether for the transaction of business, until the latter end of the month. Speaking at a- meeting of members of the Australian Women's National League recently. Senator M'Coll (Vice-President of the Executive Council) urged the ladies to prepared for a strenuous election cam paign in the near future. The feismograph at St. Ignatius Col lege, Riverview, recorded a severe earth quake as having occurred* at 12.30 a.m. on May 27. it lasted for three hours. The upheaval is believed to have heen^in the viqinity of the Friendly Islands. ' :. Dr. Snowden,- of the' American trade commission, Says that his visit to the Jwiolan Caves.- the National Park, ' and the South Coast Head, demonstrated to" theiu, that Australia was a wonderful country' for the tourist. . Tha it&imer; Indrapura arrived at- Mel bourne on 27th May from London, with 578 immigrants 'on board. Oi this num ber, 500 were youths. This is the .largest batch of British lads who have come to Melbourne on, one voyage. The officers of the two Australian sub marines were entertained bv - the Lord Mdyor of Sydney on 2Uih Slav. Lieu-, tenant-commander Besant said that .they bad 70 trained men connected with. the submarines, and of these 30 were Aus tralian born. William Crane, an ex stipendiary magistrate, died at Stanmorc. on 2Cth May. The deceased gentleman re tired from the B:nch 27 years a?o. He was 88 years of age. Never during the whole of his life, had he been out of New South Wales. The New South Wales southern miners' award, which has "just been issued, grants increased wages and Improved conditions generally. The most prominent among the miners, say that the present award gives them greater advantages than ever they had before. During the last month there were 1,551 births and 655 deaths within the Sydney metropolitan area. The birth rate was un satisfactory, being 8 per cent below the average for the previous five years. On the other hand, the general mortality rate was 2 per cent higher. The Rants' mortality rate was 9 per cent higher. Mr. J. S. Horsfall proposes to offer - to the Melbourne University £500 per annum for live years, to supplement the clinical research fund which has been stablished by a number of medical practitioners, in com memoration of the jubilee of the Medical School of the Melbourne Universitr. A tot*' endowment of £5,000, therefore, will be available far purp^sifg of clinical KJsats*. The Trades Hall authorities estimate that the number of men made idle through the compulsory unionism trouble in Perth reaches 3,000. Three shops were gutted, and two were damaged by fire at Mawson road, Auburn, Sydney, on Saturday. The damage is esti mated at £5,000. In the House of Representatives on May 28, Mr. Hig.es (Queensland) alraitted re sponsibility for the removal of the ma^e on May 22, and apologised. It is stated that a number o! labour bodies are declining to entertain the pro posal to pay a levy of a shilling per member toward the next federal cam paign. On Sunday morning four large hags of sand were found plartd across the rail way line, near the Croxton station, Vic tafia. The signal near by also was "inter fered with. Pearl Armstrong, aged 30 years, a wait ress, disappeared from her home at Vic toria street, Darlinghurst, Sydney, re cently. Her battered body was louid lying -on the rocks at .Vaucluse. The hope was exprcsEed by Mr. Cook (Prime Minister), in the House .of Repre sentatives- recently that it would .. "be possible to send, the .Minister to the next Postal Union Congress, to "he held in Madrid. " . Applications ara invited for the posi tion of chief medical, officer in the Papuan Government service; . salary, £550, with right of private practice and free quarters. Applications close 13th June. - - * The auxiliary ketch Forbes Brothers, a vessel of 59 tons, well known in the coastal trade, has heen purrbascd by the Federal Government for service in the .ederal lighthouse work along the Queens land coast. The Governor-General was* a spectator at Maurice Guillaux's exhibition on Saturday. The French .aviator's highest a went was 4,500 feet. He looped the loop four times, and made two ascents during the 'afternoon. .-The report hy the. Governor of the Commonwealth Hank fMrl Miller), rela tive to the proposed transfer of the sav ings' bank branch, was tabled in the Sen ate on May 28. Mr. Miller says, "The bank is destined to become one of the greatest banks. An»us Donald Paviour. 31 tears of aie. was killed at the Rydalmere and Parra- ! raatta River llrick and Tile Company's : works recently. He was caught in the governor of the belt machinery, and was dashed iuto the bottom of the pit. When the steamer ICestor was being loaded with wheat at Port Melbourne on Saturday, a filing o! wheat collapsed, and the bags fell down the hold Arthur Conway, a wharf labourer, was struck by the falling wheat. .He suffered fatal injuries, dying on his way to the hos pital.' UNITED rKINGrOM AND FOREIGN.. , Dr. Low, a London scientist, cfaimsto 'have invented a method of- transmission .oMteht. which enables the production be fore the eyes of imases of a distant spec tator." - * It 'is reported that in addition to the proposed extension 'of the NotddouLscher Lloyd steamship, service to New Zealand, the German-Australian line also contem plates a direct service. .'The mobiKsation of a military flying corps has- bczun on Salisbury Plain, and it is expected that 100 aeroplanes will take part in the manoeuvres to beheld on Whitiuonday (1st June). Under the Scottish Temperance Act, hotels in Scotland may not be opened be fore 10 a.m. Workmen resent tJieir in ability to obtain drink at the breakfast hour,' and are agitating to defer break fast. In addressing a meeting of the Nat-' tional Geographical Society, Mr. Roose velt described his discovery of a previ ously unknown river 1,000 miles long, in Brazil, and declared that all the map makers of the world were wrong. . In the Spanish Chamber, ot Deputies recently, Senor Iglesias, the Socialist leader, accused the King of despotism, and of having exercised undue influence in the international policy. He declared that personal power alone governed Sp.iin. Siegfried Wagner, sou of Richard Wag-, ner, the great composer, and his mother, Frau Ctfsima Wagner, have announced their intention of presenting their entire heritage at Bayreuth to the German peopleT This course was in preparation i when Isolde Bciiller began her recent; legitimacy litigation. The London ' Daily Telegraph" asserts that the Jockey Club is considering the; effect of the Calcutta sweep ou the Derby in inducing owners,- for a consideration, to start their horses. Prominent members of the Jockey Club express the opinion that the practice ts injurious to sport ing. and to the hotm-tr^ble character of , tte world's "greatest race^ Severe shocks . of earthquake- bare oci» currcd at Colon, but no damage to tlir Panama Canal has been repotted. Fifty thousand railway sleepers arc ablaze at Ardrossan, in Ayrshire, and Che damage already amounts to £20.000. A large number of German journals«» are visiting England. They have been entertained at the House o( Commons by the Institute ol Journalists. Forest fires arc threatening villages along the Canadian Pacific railway, in New Brunswick, and are sweeping the country bare, 10 miles wide. Four hospitals in London are trying tl.is Spahlingei treatment of tu' erculcsis aml lupus. Tin treatment does not interfere with the patients* daily occupations. A German aeroplane which crossed the Russian frontier at PlocK was fired at. {and damaged.' The aeroplane then de scended, and two officers were arrested. Proceedings have been instituted again*! the ".Mir," a Bulgarian newspaper, for - publishing a statement that: the King oi Bulgaria and not the Government, had ordered the war in June last. The deficit ol France lor 1913 is estimated at £13,600,000, which it is . expected will' be. covered by taxes based, on voluntary, declaration ol income and of personally; and realty ... .* ' The Kaiser Wilbelm, it^ response to ths entreaties of tbe Kaiscnn Augusta, has agreed to Prince Oscar's- engagement, to Fraulein Bassewitz (a former fady-in- wait ine to the. Kai^eriri). The- Admiralty lias paid a warm tribute to tbe services* to Great Britain.-ofMrj Gustav Ilamel, the missing airman, and. states that he was the foremost expoai cnt of thp art of aviation. The text ol Lord Gorell's Matrimon-» ial Causes Bill has been issued. Tbe measure embodies tbe recommendations contained in the report of tbe Royal Commission on the divorce, laws. The lire on the steamer W&imatc; has been extinguished. The hemp was much damaged, 50 bales of wool' were scorched, and a quantity of worthless cargo was jettisoned. She proceeds on her -voyaje to-morrow. At a conference to be held in West minster Abbey, on 15th Juis, 10 bishops will discuss with 15 non-conformist leader* ''a basis on which all denominations c^n undertake civic and social enterprises to gether." Robert Munro. acent for the Interna* tional Turf Syndicate has been arrest:d in Rome on a charge of committing a breach oi the lottery laws The syndicate Hooded the British colonics and other countries with sweep circulars. There is a bitter newspaper controversy at Johannesburg over the omission of the playing of the National Anthem on the occasion of the Empire Day parade, whilst dicers were called for General B.-ycrs instead of for the King. Alfred Devcrson. a miner, and his wife and Jour children recently were burned to death in their beds hv a five which* destroyed the cottage in whioh they were residing near Dover. Two other inmates of the cottage wPre injured sen- rdy. The Tmneriat 'Chancellor {Dr. Von Bethroann-Hollweg), in replv iu an inter pellation in the Prussian Diet, admitted that conditions in Northern Schleswig were unsatisfactory in consequence of the unhridled Danish agitation against t!;e Germans-. A conference of Russian students anil educationalists, is sitting at llrrne. and^ is. discussing the establishment oi a Russian T-niversity outside Rii.ct;:a. probably in .Switzerland, for students who are un able to gain admittance to the ivusisian TJniver-jities. A telegram from Yakutsk to the effect that parts of an old balloon have been found in- a forest in Eastern Siberia, and are supposed to be the re mains of the balloon in which Andree ai tempted a flight to the North Pole .-ouic years ago. A new Advisory Council, consisting o 70 members, has been appointed .undn the Presidency of Wangta-lIsSieh, es-Min ister for Education. Tbe couucil com prises the ablest and most espericncer men in China, a majority of whom serves under the Manchu regime. Great Britain, the United States o Amcrica, and the Netherlands have agree«t that the acquisition of the.Tampico oil nroperties, in Mexico, by persons wlk have taVen advantage of the absence ol the real owners in consequence of bos tihties, should he repudiated. An explosion of coal dbst occurred re cently in a cement worpr at Barry. Six men were entrapped in the flames cius*« by the explosion, and se-.eral, with thek clothes on fire, jumped Icoin a hefcht o 30 feet. Others fought their way through the flames, and were burned severely. Ilenri Deneufville and Robert' Deneui ville. two bankers, bape been arrested on a charge ol hay ing u.*ed their clients7 stocli and secuiities In their own transac tions. Tlfir liabilities arc set down £350,oca, and their assets at £175iSJ&.^ 