FEDERAL SESSION. — — _ THE REPRESENTATIVES- fFROM OUR SPEOIAI. CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Tuesday.— In tho House of Ro- presenUtivcs to-day Mr. Pago drew attention to the fact that there was a ronewal of pilfer ing from pillar- boxoB. lt the departmental officers could not stop the practice, perhaps the Postmaster-General could - procure outside bralnB to assist. Mr. Spence recognised that tho mnttor- was serious. . He had not hoard of any thofts latoly, but he wouldihave Inquiries mado. Tho depart ment hod for . eome - time ..been attempting - to got a better and more soourq typeot pillar. ' THE LIGHT DUES; . Mr. Tudor stated that It, was proposed, boforo the end of . the year, to give , three months' no.tioo of tho. Government's Intontion to toko ovor the light 'flues - from . th<S States. ABOLITION OF THE-KILT. The abolition of this kilt; formed thp sub- Btahco of yet another - quostlon; ' Mr. Sinclair (Queensland) .caused ' considerable " amUsoment. by asking If the Assistant Defonco Minister's attention: had' been drawn .to; a! cable.' Message that' Sir John Frohoh; in' a; despatch, had! paid high tribute to the gallant -deods porformod by, tho '"Black Watch." ' Would tho Minister, ip view of this cable, reintroduce the kilt in the Australian forces? .-."Personally,, i am not:an authority on kilts, .replied Mr. Jensen, whoBo name suggests Danish -anoostors, "but I will bring" tho mattor before tho Minister." LIQUOIt AND THE TROOPS. Replying to Mr; Bamford (QuoenSland), Mr. Jensen said that- the .report that unlimited quantities of! liquor could ' be obtained by the troopB at the Liverpool oamp was absolutely fftlBJEATWORKS IN QUEENSLAND. . The attention of tho Minister for Customs wns drawn-, by Mr. Groom to n press announcement that -a company, known as Morris and Co., had acquired property in Queensland with the idea of establishing meatworks. "Has any applica tion been made to the Minister by this company ln oonnootlon -with the Commerce Act," addea Mr. iGrpom, "and Is- .the company associated with an Amorjcan flrm .of tho .same name?" . Mr. Tudor replied that no application had been- mado... to him. by the company under tho provisions, of", the Commerce Act. The firm of MorrU'.apdCo. was-'known 'to be oonneoted with the .American Meat Trust. M?. Greene, N.S.W.: Will the Minister say if he considers it necessary. -to 'take-further. notion in conn'ectto'n with' Mr. Justlco Street's report «« wf AriiRtf' ' (Cheers.) "I havo' hot' jot ' had tints' to go into tho matter," was Mr. Tiidor's answer. Messrs. Sharpe (Q.), Fleming, and W. Malo- hey in turn directed the attention of the Minister to the fact that cowb were being slaughtered in Queensland. Did ha propose to take any action? Mr. Tudor: I do not know what tho depart ment can do in the matter. Peoplo can do what they like with their own property. Mr. Sharpe: On the Brisbane River they are slaughtering for beef cowb that are in calf. Mr. Tudor: I have no knowledge of the mat ter. ! Mr. Maloney:' Will you take' action -to pro-: vent the slaughter of cows for. beef ? Mr. 'Tudor: Under the Commerce 'Act tho Government could make- a regulation prohibit ing the 'export of cow beef, but what would be the effeot? The meat would then- be disposed of locally. ' ' " : " Mr. Fleming: Do you know that cows- aro being treated artificially to make the beef even better than ordinary beef? Mr. Tudor:. I do not know that such is the case, but if the statement Is true' I will have inquiries made ' with a view to making repre sentation to those concerned. ...... THE LAND TAX. . .< During the last three sitting days, two bills haveibeen- dlscu'sssed'— one the bill setting -out the thx, the other 'the hill - amending the prlncl- paL machinery Act, so as to ; introduce a few ameliorating provisions. A considerable time. was. devoted. . in Com mittee to the 'discussion of the tax and its in cidence in detail, The one point on which Opposition members had most to. complain of was tlie absurdly inadequate information sup plied by the Government. The extension of the tax to Crown leases was, with some small ex ceptions, a . completely new featuro, for it had been specially excluded from the original Act Members pressed for the method on which tha Valuations were to bo made. .! Mr.- Hughes-enlarged upon -the economic Vaiiie, tthe rental value, the' unimproved vaiUo, 'the taxing value, and qo fprth. The lessee would be, taxed on a portion of the difference betweecn tho economic Value and what! he pays to the State as rent. . Finally, he declared that a number of amendments to the Assessment Aot would be prepared during the three months' ad journment, and that he would have them ready by tho time tho Houses meet, again in April, .This did not satisfy the Opposition, -for Mr. FlBher,; as the Minister in charge of the bill, was continually asked for a definite explanation on different points. He 'did not respond.' . Mr. Greene Wanted htm at laBt to say whether' as the thx, as originally proposed, was to, force the cutMng up of . big estates,' the extension to Crown loases was in its turn to. break up the. big leases? He remained . quite dumb.' Tho demand was repeated by other, membors. They wore no. more successful! ; It was. not until Mr. Groom appeared with, a chrefullyrp'ropared memorandum that lie .had secured Jrom ,the Land' Tax Commissioner ihat the House could form a clear idea, how .the legislation would operate. Members referred to the class of _ pioneers who! had gone out to .populate the. vast tracts of. country on the out skirts of civilisation, the .. difficulties which! they had to encounter, and the groat losses which 'they' had incurred. ,' ThcBo wera 'a'o't' the people,' ho argued, who shoPld: be' subjected to a special tax, particularly a tax.Of a graduated character.; '.. - !'";,! It was predicted thiit,!tho tax on loases would drive out of bccupatidn some of , tho country held under lease In that monument of the Com monwealth's enterprise; - the Northern Terri tory. When the Torfltbi-y" was; taken " over by tho Federation the Curious, believers in' tho omniscience - of the Federal Parliament pro fessed that, an' immediate effect . would bo an : immenso inrush of population. The population remains- praotically. stationary. ' It was now -contended that if the tax on leaseholds were applied to the territory tho effect wpuld .bc.to, malce much of tho land' not worth holding -at all. On tho other hahd, Mr. Fisher Insisted that, tho increase in the . tax was justified as a reve nue-producing instrument, dpdrt'frbm its value ' as a method of burying big areas. He did not defend the land tax as it now ! stands as a means of forcing estates on to the market and making .them available for. closer: settlement. . When- the pfophesios of the- marvellous '-re sults 'that wore to b'o aohieyed by 'the tax in sottling sparsely occupied areaB,"' in developing .immigration, in' diminishing unemployment, have to bo contrasted with the ascertained , re sults, there is not much reaeon for Mr, Fisher to emphasise . more than the revenue value of the .tax as a means of filling the naticriiai' ex chequer. A.Labor. mcmber llko IJr. Poynton, ..vho- bos innny Crown lessees in his division in South Australia, urged that ;in_ the .absence of any dofinito information as to tho ckcct of the tax on these leases; the Government should'bold the bill over. . Sir W. H. Irvine raised tho point that lands held under., lease . for .mining .development could not be -properly taxed on the. iiuliiiprovbd value basfs.-.: Generally mining loases 'represented a diminishing value/ though, tlicr.e rjfaa ; an lnoro- mcnt always where a public utility ,' llko a rail way, was built near. Borne exception was /taken to .this ,'low by tho Attorney-General. ' In determining tho value of a mining leaBe tor taxing, purposes, bo explalnod, regard would havo .to bo had to vho vnluo of tho minerals! the capital invested, tho total cost of production, including. machlnory, wsgeB, and administration. Deduct all thoso and nscortaln the amount payable to the Crown and tho' taxing value was discovered. '"Do 'you do that with tho 3C rays?" nBked Mr. Poynton. As Mr. Hughes did not answer, nnothor Labor member .explained- that the scheme was' simply a tax :on profits. - Tho Attorney-Goneral explalnod that the an nual leases, would, not bo taxed." An error in calculation had been discovered Ja fixing the progrossivo tax, for it wis. now found to reach Bd in tho £ on!j£76,bpo 'a'nd oyer! Tho rate should bo not one penny' and ono fifteen- thousandth of a penny, ' but one. penny and one thousand eight hundred- and seventy-fifth. . ' Several other matters wero raised. It was proposed, by Mr. . Abbott that tho arbitration mothod might bo.appliod whero tho doparttaon't and tho taxpayers' . valuations are In oonillct. . Mr. Hughes expressed his sympathy, and pro mised that; this and other -points should have attention when . tho amending. Assessment DJ 11 Is 'in prpparatlpn'; . , . : . Ho observed that ho pnys Federal land tax on the 4d rate. Tho difficulties over tho tnxou On leasohojds wero sottlcd in tho form "that tho land tax should apply to perpotual IcasoB or a lease with a right. of purchase, or a lease of . land to bo -used for pastoral grazing or cultivation put- poses, or a homestead Icaso. , The Opposition divided ineffectually on tho third reading." THE DEATH DUTIES. 'The .House .afterwards turned to- tho- death dUtlcg. fho rates uproposed Are, whore, after debts have been deducted; tho estate 1b valued botwoen 431000 and £2000, £1 -per cent.; where it exceeds £2000, £1 per cent., with an addi tional one-fifth. of £1 for every £1000 or. less, but so that tho percentage shall not be beyond £15. AVhen tho Attorney-Goneral camo to explain tho "apportionment of duty among tho bono-, ficlarieB, ho got into a compl'eto tnnglo. Sub ject to any different1 disposition made by a testator, the . duty in tho ; first place to bo dlBtributod in proportion to tho value of thoir Interests, where thero are any beneficiaries, each of whom takes only specific bequests or devises not oxcocodlng £200. Tho duty which would be payable in thoir Interests is to bo apportioned among all tho beneficiaries in pro portion to tho notico of their interests. The further Mr. Hughes got in elucidating tho scliemo the more the House beoamo mystified. . At last ho ploked up a blank sheet of poper and began to draw somo linos with a poccll. "Assumo , the rcotanglo la .the corpus of tho estate," he said,, "and that the linos represcut tho whole of the legatees under £200. Tho duty to ho paid is not paid by. those legatees, but is spread over the whole of the estato, and is paid by all, Including these legatees In pro portion to tho Interest which all of ' them hold." "Docs that huge blank on the paper repre sent what 1b loft to' the beneficiaries aftor the tax naB been paid, asked sir \v. 11. Irvine. ;Mr. Hughes ackiiowlodged that the Opposition had somo -reason to bo lllpp.int after his en deavors at explanation. Ho described the tax as ono for revenue only, and as one also that In Its present form would not bo comancnt. Mr. Cook declared that tlio Government wns unnecessarily piling up taxes, that It was de stroying enterprise, and that it would end the year with t he surplus wrung out of tho people in taxation which they ought, not to havo to pay. An amendment was promised by Mr'. Hughos to exempt bequests for charitable and educa tional purposes. Sir W. H. Irvine, referred to tho effects which these taxes must have on the introduction of c'apitul to Australia. It seemed to him, how ever, that these schemes were being resorted to in pursuance of a destructive propaganda, Tho duties- were .so extravagant wlion united to those of. the States, said Mr. Boyd, of Vic toria, that they would only encourage evasions by settlements, the transfer of investments, and so forth. Tho second reading passed, and the bill taken, into Committee, -an attempt by tho Opposition to limit the duties to the war period was de feated. . The Machinery Bill, which is taken in con junction with the duties; was amended to mako the chief administrative officer the Land Tax Commissioner, instead of having a separate commissioner. Other parts of the bill wero al tered to square with tho amendment. The alteration foreshadowed by tho' Attor ney-General In the rate of the land tax, and proposed in the Senate! was accepted. 