NEWS OF THE DAY. A plain hint that the State Government feels tne necessity of making use . of the financial prun.ng knife, in order, to avoid such troubles as .New Sjouth Wales is ex- peneucing -tnrough la visa expenditure, was given by the Mitiistcr of Public Works | yesterday. The Alexandra shire council sent down a depuuiion, which was iutro- duteU oy Mr. M. iv. M iveiie, aud ash.eu for £230, to supplement a grant of already made towards tne cost, esti mated at £1700, of building a bridge over tiie Goulburn River at tpper Staunton. Xbe chairman of the Country Roads Board (Mr. Caider) said the work was urgently iic-eded. .Mr. Hagelthoru, in reply, rc- miuded the deputation that the ia3t allo cation for roads and bridges was only £25,0U0, a compared with £46,000 in the previous year, and that a largo number of bona fide applications for assistance had been made. Not all these could be granted, and he was very reluctant to ask the Treasurer for special grants when there was great difficulty in making the State ledger balance. Xne alternative to more economv was increased taxation, and the question would have to be faced wnether the municipalities would not have to in crease Lieu1 ioeui tn.Aat.on :j, L».uiclu«ioQ, Mr. Hagelthorn said there appeared to be no mo;»ej for tne work, but, at tue request of tne deputation, he promised to lay its representations before the Cabinet. The scope of .State and Fedeial laws for the settlement of labor disputes was d is cursed yesterday by the Premier (Mr. Wattj and the Minister of Labor (Sir Alexander Peacock), with Mtssra. <;. Fair- buirn, president, and R. S. Walpole secre tary, of the employers' central council. The interview arose out of the intimation published that tne subject was to be d s cussed at tiie i'lemh rs' Conference shonly to be held m Melbourne. At tne gaihcr.ug of LTemiers held four years ago a debate took place on a proposal to refer to some tribunal, pick rably the inter-Citate Com mission, the question of unfair trade com petition between £tu!i-s which have ui.ier- ing "u ages awards and other statutory pro visions for the regulation of labor. Lc is proposed to resume the debate at the com ing conference ;u A .. ff.v the States are prepared to go in helping to so.ve in. problem ,n luc w .... -.-..gestion that they should voluntarily surrender &omc; of their functions to the Commonwealth as a substitute for the whole ale transfer which would have been made if tiie ivfercnuuin taken at the instance uf the Federal Labor i Government had been cairicd. An agree ment was arrived at by the pievtous con ference, but it was not made the subject of it-g.siative eiiaCiUic-l. tut- t.ea'a ol ell.- pip.veis were put bt-iore .Ministers at yester day's interview. l'ffe unreliable state of the Legislative Council electoral rolls, to tvuiich attention was called in these columns a few days ago, was discussed yesterday by Mr. J. Molloy, Chief Electoral Uuiccr, with seve ral suburban and country municipal offi cers. The Council rolls of ratepaying elec tors are' compiled from municipal returns. "As most of the councils make valuations only oiice' in three yfeara, While some make them still more infrequently, and not all the municipal e'eiv's "are" 'prompt iff fur nishing the returns to the electoral officer, to whom they have iio responsibility, the electoral records are hopelCssly'-behind the times. Various suggestions forrfreshening U'> the stale rolls wore diacessOil at the conference, as the result of which a report and recommendations will be submitted to the Government.- It is probable that legis lation will have to be introduced to give effect to the proposals. The steamer Norseman, which arrive! yesterday from London, landed 301 niw | citizens, who left Great Britain under ar- j rarigement wiili the State immigration 1 authorities, i'liese include T17 boy>, who will be disposed of at' the Presbyterian Hall to-morrow, there being any uiimucr of applications from farmers in the country for their services. At the Immigration Bureau tSie domestic servants, 51 in num ber, wiii be introduced to their future mis tresses. The remainder of the contingent was made up of 33 farm workers' families, representing 51 peopic; 74 nominated pas sengers. and two families of land seekers, including S people,, with £400 cairital. There also arrived -in Melbourne 6 Ameri can land seekers, who travelled from the United States by the steamer Niagara. Railway passengers who have struggled daily at the ticket windows of the city stations in an endeavor to purchase tickets, and have emerged' from the struggle in a more or less damaged condition, will 'be pleased to hear that the Railway depart ment has started to erect the much-needed barriers before ticket windows. The bar riers now being put in position are of two distinct types, the abject being to discover which of the two is the more effective. Under the Flinders-street station dome will be two barriers designed by departmental officers, and also another type of barrier utilised with considerable success at the railway station in Ghent, Belgium. At the middle entrance to the station two barriers of the departmental-design will be erected, and there tvill also 'be two of the same design at the Elizabeth-street entrance. The remaining "Ghent" barrier will be erected in the' south hall pf the Spetteei- street -station. Passengers may look for some improvement;, in the facility with which they can purchase tickets, provided the clerks at the window, give the full mea- sure of. attention which the general public desires. .Unfortunately this is uot always dispensed, it being no infrequent thing under present conditions to find a window with several . passengers round it vainly awaiting the appearance of a ticket sales man; while their several trains are steam ing off from the platforms. It is the intention of the Postmaster- General that the new 6d. stamp, which is to have a representation of a kookaburra as its main feature, shall in color also be as nearly like the bird as it is possible to make it. Steps have already been taken to have the stamp prepared, hut it will probably be a month or two before it is available for general circulation. Inci dentally Mr. Wynne mentioned yesterday that few people were aware of the enor mous number of stamps that was ncces-1 S3ry to meet the demands of the Common wealth each year. It was estimated that for the current twelve months no fewer than 500,000,000 stamps would be required, of which about 400,000,000 would be of the penny denomination. At the meeting of the chamber of com merce on Monday last the president (Mr. E. N. Grimwade) reported that the Minister of Public Works (Mr. Hagel thorn) had been in communication with him with regard to the direct cargo ser vice which is to be inaugurated from 1st prox., between the Commonwealth ports and San Francisco. The line is not a stfb- eidised one, but it is hoped that it will fcc of great advantage to the Common- wealth. Difficulty, however, is being experi enced in finding forward loading ,5r the first sailing, and the chamber of com- merce was asked to help in the matter. The council was sympathetic with the movement, and it was recommended to the members that they should comply as far as possible with the Minister's re quest. The secretary of the Department for External Affaire writes to say that the statement published yesterday, to the effect that the Union Cold Storage Com pany is negotiating with his department with respect to a grant of a large area of grazing country, roughly estimated to con tain 20,000 square miles, is incorrect. No such negotiations, he says, are pending. The negotiations which have been proceed ing between the company and the Govern ment have relation only to the establish ment of freezing works, and all the land dealing connected therewith involves two small leases, the largest of winch is only about 209 square miles, and a site for the freezing works. The Metropolitan Board of Works is certainly not gifted with an inordinate . sense of humor. Recently it was noticed that a large number of footballers was em- ployed by that body, and a paragraph which appeared in "The Age" suggested that the board was a sort of refuge for itinerant iootbailers. At a meeting of the board held yesterday Commissioner Beckett directed attention to tiie matter, and asked the chairman of the sewerage committee why "itinerant footballers" received a special preference in appointments -under the board. Alderman Strong solemnly re plied that the allegation was not true, and that workmen were engaged solely on their merits, without relation to their qualifica tions as footballers. The Commonwealth Commissioner for J.aud Tax anticipates that lie will issue assessments auout idui April next. His department lias been obliged for some time to ivoru overtime in order to make out assessments, practically all the returns from Jand owners having been received. There aie now only about twenty taxable returns oulstanuing, and tae department, contrary to expectations, has not found :t necessary to proceed aga.nst any persons , lor fjiii-.g to supply returns. Lady Denman and Lady Stanley have ' intimated their intention oi attending the matinee performance to be given at the Iivoli Theatre on Friday, in connection with the City of Meloourne stall at the Druids' Gala, in aid of the Austin Hos- , pit.d and Free Kindergarten Union, which I ; is being promoted by the Lady Mayoress (Mrs. D. V. Hennessy). Mr. Hugh D. j M'Intosh has placed the theatre and all appliances at the disposal of the matinee ; i committee. The programme will be contri- \ . bated to by the leading artists of the prin- I 1 cipal Melbourne theatres, who have given their services. | H-M.S. Mongolia, with English mails to 1 t'Oth February, arrived at Fremantle yes terday. She should reach Adelaide oil \- Sunday, and the Melbourne portion of her | mails delivered here on Monday. A send off was given last evening by the Danish Society in Melbourne to Mr. A. Bing, president of the Scandinavian News paper Association, to Mr. L. Lauiitz, past president of the Danish Society, and tiie two gentlemen, who are going to the northern countries in search of agricultural settlers and laborers, viz., Mr. A. Harts- man and Mr. A. Nielsen, the forme- g dug to Sweden, and the latter to Denmark. M. Holdensoti; vice-consul for Denmark, was in the chair. Among those present were Mr Hagelthorn, Minister of Public Works and Immigration, and Mr. Cattaiiach, act- . mg chairman of the Water Supply Com mission. In responding to the toast of I the Government, Mr. Hagelthorn said lie | trusted that Messrs. Hartsman and Niel sen, would succeed in getting a substantial number of able Danish, .Now. git,, and i Swedish agriculturists to settle in Victoria. He acknowledged the sendee rendered by the Danish Society to those who had al ready come here, and thereby to the Go veniment. Mr. Cattanach, in respond! g to. the toa3t of tiie Water Supply Commis- sion. spoke of the high standard to wnieh tne Danes had brought agriculture. camlit'w forT-,tlle ,IeCtk)n ol " JAhoi' candidate for Ji!:a Jika, for toe le-jrcsei.- aemh? M "''Ic!i, the Legislative As- ted to iTl . -Mem,lri;y does not in tend seek re- election, will be taken in twan0"ncCunt,rcs of U,e electorate, viz., FiHm-r " Rrn,iy;. Xortl"-'ote- North I lt/.ioj, Fa,rfic.d park Qnd Heidelberg, on Saturday, 4tli April, between I p.m. and 7 "Pen this morning at the Pianola Co. and Book Lovers' Library tor the fort neoniing reason of the Ucl- . punie Repertory Theatre. The imporiaat a' -ft®.'. ''Aa!e a Concert hjl to Mr %a're 6 i»"¥ m denary assist .\lr. ur:gati MM-i.on in prouuWng the LvV'.u l'e cra!,,»e w:l1 he app 'iciatcd D both peufonners and pub c. Bernard Hiiaws T e Doctors Dilemma will b-- giv-n c i "i?,, y a"d \\\ ednreday evening3, 24;h ami u>tn inst.. in . the pn?cnee of L.dy Der.man and Sir Arthur and Lady St nlcv and on J lure oay, i&th; inst., Githa Sotvdr- tys Ku'htnf red. and Son w II be per formed. Both the 5/ and 3/ seats may be reserved. . The attention of intending competitors m the A.N .A. musical and clocutionarv ! competitions is directed to an advertise 1 ment in our Amusements columns, which intimates that all entries close at tTic managers office. 311 Collins-street, on tfaturdny next, 21st inst. Schedules, which I comprise 16 vocal, 11 instrumental and 11 elocutionary sections, can be obtained on application to the manager. Municipal band performances will take place next Wednesday evening in the Fitz- roy Gardens and Flagstaff Gardcus. 