THE LADIES' SECTION Perth Prattle Mrs. Zabel, of the Booklovers' Lib- rary, returned to Perth by last week's mail steamer. She is much improved in health after her long sojourn abroad. -w -w -w - I Dr. and Mrs. Oliver and their family, J who since leaving Tprk have been spending a few weeks at Cottesloe, have now decided to make their per- . manent home at Albany. Two sisters, the wives respectively of a politician and a lawyer, brought off an interesting double event. They presented their proud spouses with in- fantile pledges of affection on the same «lay. «w "W The marriage of Miss D. J. (Dora) Curtis, fourth daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. Curtis, of Wonnerup, and Mr. Owen Cain, of Brookhampton, will take place at St. Mary's Anglican Church, Bus- selton, on Wednesday nest. -» ^. It will be quite refreshing to have a ball in Perth again after so long a re- spite from pleasures of that sort. The committee of thc Home of the Good Shepherd has decided on this mode of raising funds that are much needed. The event is timed for Tuesday, No- vember 3, in St. George's Hal I. ? ^ -v Captain ? Dave Rogers, who recently met with a railway accident in camp-, bas been on a week's sick leave. He spent- the time at his mother's resi- dence in St. George's-terrace^ being nursed by his wife, formerly Sister Bolton.' She also has been called on duty by the military authorities. A cable message was received in Perth on Wednesday that Lieut. Eric Conran, of the Royal Flying Corps, has been mentioned in despatches. Lieut. Conran, who " is an Australian, was out here early in the year, and reiurhed to England shortly before the outbreak of war. Evidently he is with the British force in the great struggle in France. ñm ? -m *Ê At St. Peter's Church, East Freman- tle, recently Victor Roy, youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. George Connell, of Stirling-street, Perth, was married to Jane, only daughter of Mr. and Sirs. Charles Weemar, of Islington House, East Fremantle After the wedding breakfast the bride and bridegroom left for Kalamunda. A kitchen party was given by the bridegroom's parents on" Thursday evening at the Young Australian League rooms, Hay.-street, Mrs. W. H. Vincent, of .^Fiona," King's Park-road, gave an ''At home" in 'her spacious music-room on Tues- day afternoon. A large number of friends assembled to bid goodrbye to Mrs. Vincent, who with her husband tand their two bäby daughters is now on her way to spend a year in the Eastern States. ílrs. Vincent will be much missed in Perth musical circles, especially so by members of the Ladies' Rainbow Choir. "w Women were strongly in evidence on polling day.- After the .South Fre- mantle count, was declared the vic- torious Bolton was chaired by his en- thusiastic lady, supporters, and at the declaration of the poll in Claremont Mrs. Wisdom, wife of the winning major, made a speech of thanks. 'Capi- tal little speech it was, too. All the successful metropolitan candidates at- tribute their success largely to the de- voted loyalty and indefatigable exer- tions of the ladies. Dr. Joe Kenny is one of thc numer- ous "expeditioharies" who will leave young brides bellina when they go to the wars. Dr. Joe was married In the East recently to. Miss* Olive Brooks, who will be remembered as a- charming .member of the Dandies company that Lentertained Perth last summer. After a brief honeymoon the doctor returned to Perth to go into camp. Mrs. Kenny will remain with her parents in Tas- mania til! ber gallant young army sur- geon returns from the front. t > "Miss Connie Waugh (who is also known as Lady Clarke) and George Gordon Cumming are accused by Miss Ethel Berne (also known as Mrs. Cum- ming) of assault. Plaintif claims damages to the extent of £1000." Such is the way the "Austral- asian" introduces a cause celebre which has set all Melbourne talking. The Clarke baronet and his Connie passed through Perth shortly after their marriage (?), and the "Daily News" was very particular to assure us that the delightful couple were mar- ried, and that Connie was a charming person altogether. And now- Said that -the favorite verses of a Jovial young Perth doctor who is off to the wars are these: Tell me not, sweet, I am unkind, That from the nunnery Of thy chaste breast and quiet mind To war and arms I fly. True a new mistress now I chase, The first foe in the field; And with a firmer clasp embrace A horse, a sword, a shield; Yet this inconstancy is such As thou, too, shouldst adore; I could not love-thee, dear, so much. Loved I not honor more. That rhyme ought to be popular up at Blackboy Camp. =- ^ ?» Parasols (remarks an exchange) are more attractive than they have been for years. They appear m a great variety of shapes, colors, and sizes, but the preferred ones are made on Japan- ese lines. They may have long, short, or curved sticks, but the ribs are gene- rally fiat. A parasol of king's blue velvet, lined with white silk, is seen mounted on a Malacca stick, which re- verses the usual form, being slender at the hand and very heavy at the top. The sailor hat has obtained a new lease of life by extra width of Brim and facings of peach-blow silk or straw or velvet The lingerie gown cf the summer takes unto itself the fabrics of three seasons. For the bodice the win- ter favorite black velvet, for the tunic the white batiste of summer time, and for the underskirt and sash white taf- feta, first favored of spring material. Mr. and Mrs. P. Egerton-Warburton are on a short visit to Adelaide, arriv- ing by the Orsova. The Perth Fitzwilliam, nephew of the j Earl of that ilk, is one of the latest volunteers for the front. Ur. Fitz-r william comes of a fighting family, and has been in the army. He is a good shot. .W Im V "Serves her right,*? said a grim poli- tical woman when she heard of the unexpected defeat ot a member of ber own party. "I'm glad of it-the cat!" Presumably ehe referred to the de- feated one's better half. ' The Queen of Italy is said to own- a wonderful sunshade handle made of coral, and worth over £300. The working of coral is an Italian industry, and the fisheries are, as a rule, several miles out to sea. Nearer the shore the coral is collected by divers, and In or- der to fish for it a special apparatus is employed in the Mediterranean which has been in use for centuries. Of the three kinds of coral-red, white, and pink-the latter is most valuable, and undoubtedly the prettiest as well. The larger pieces of coral are used for sticks and parasol handles. ñm n. Mr Salvator Cilento, an old S.A. colon- ist, who was born at Seiano, Italy, on October 27,1831, died at Port Augusta on October 16. When quite a lad he fought under Garibaldi for the unifica- tion of Italy, and he and his brother were taken prisoners, and treated rather cruelly in Naples. After release he left is native land, went to sea for some years, and arrived in South Aus- tralia on January 23, 1855, in the ship Telegraph, and settled at Port Ade- laide, where he married Elizabeth Watson, a native of Maxwelltown, Dumfries, Scotland. There were four sons and three daughters. Deceased soon became a naturalised British sub- ject, and for nearly 40 years was en- gaged in the seafaring trade and owned boats which traded between Port Adelaide and various ports of St. Vincent's Gulf. He conveyed most of the material to build the first light- houses at Port Adelaide. Until a few weeks back Mr. Cilento had enjoyed splendid health, although his eyesight had been failing for two or three years. His wife died in 1878. Three sons and three daughters survive, one of whom (Mrs. Archibald Harper) lives at Fremantle. There are 41 grandchildren and 17 great-grandchil- dren. "Punter": The trotting flapper, de- spite the recently vaunted boast of the association that the unattended Sap- per and her more youthful male equi- valent would not be allowed at the meetings, is still very much alive and in evidence, and every Saturday night may be seen rushing the place tote or arguing with another of her calibre or a youthful male attendant the chances of Stiff un in the "Trades- men's" as compared with the hopes and aspirations of Dead un in thc same event. The -trotting flapper is neither an ornament nor necessity to the trots. She is generally one of thé shâllow b rain ed; ' blatant-mouthed type of girl, and the infection with the gambling mania and acquisition of the horsey slang render her a most unattractive S kind of female. Surely to goodness Í the trotting crowd are scooping in quite sufficient of the public shekels ? without needing the few stray shill- ings, hard-earned and foolishly spent, of youthful and addle-brained females : and mere striplings. "What is needed is strict" supervision at the'gale and the barring ot the napper of tender years and the very callow youth, at least until they grow a little. We have in our midst quite enough race maniacs and sport fiends of all kinds," and if a few can be shooed off the game, while "they are young their pre- sence will not be missed, and they themselves .will be the better for it. Generally speaking the trotting meet- ings are conducted well, but the ene'; lamentable fact is the attendance of ; so many young people of ljoth sexes ! whose only acquaintance with horse- i racing is with it as conducted on the Association Ground on Saturday even- ings. The Anglican Synod, at its re- cent meeting, I understand, woke up to the danger, and"decided to inquire! into the whole subject. I am not a i wowser, but I am in accord with this Î .body In its desire to get at the truth ! of things in that direction, and an in- i quíry would certainly clear thc air. i Our young people have quite enough : ways and means of going gay and | spending their spare cash without be- coming infected with the betting germ. «b »t 1m "The Oftce Cynic": "The elections were marked by many humorous in- cidents," as the sreat dailies put it, but I reckon that few could equal the tragic- comic happening that slid under my notice. It came , shout in connec- tion with the candidature, wc will say, of Mr. Blankton, who was contesting the electorate of Dotdash. Among thc volunteers for electioneering work on '«The Day" was a young gentleman (or stripling) and a young lady, and I explain a lot when I say that the young gentleman is very much head over-ears in love with the young female in question. The young lady knew the district well, and the strip- ling also knew the district equally well-or at least he reckoned he did. There were hordes of motors engaged, for the occasion, and the said senti- mental stripling conjured up visions of unlimited bliss in motoring in the company of his inamorata the long, long day coaxing electors to the poll. He pictured the joys of riding in the smooth-running car bj- the side of the sweetest little girl in the world, of making her wildly jealous by flirting with fair electresses (I know the word's not correct, but It sounds nice), and of indulging in unlimited "dinkum chats" with her during the slack hours of the day. But, alas, for our dreams1. Among the helpers was a corpulent commercial man much married, and without a soul above contracts and commission or sentiment above silver. And when the time came for-allotting the cars the said CC. brazenly pushed his way in and actually took charge of the car of the scrumptious young lady, occupied it all day, and boasted within constant hearing of "the dis- tracted stripling of the great work be- ing done by "myself and my young lady helper, dontcherknow ! " As for the stripling? An unfeeling commit- teeman kept him occupied the live- long day in crossing the names of dead voters off the inflated rolls and warn- ing Mrs. Scandalcat and Hrs. Torka lot and others who called in in con- stant streams that if tho Liberal Party were returned to power thc-y would at the very least break up the home and leave the State nt the mercy of the Germans, to say nothing of stealing the struggling citizen's supper beer. The stripling reckons he won't go eleo tioneering no morel Dr. Ostendfeld, the distinguished Danish botanist, who is on a visit to this State, is now at Albany. The doc- tor's object in visiting- tb* southern port ls to make an inspection of the famous pitcher and other plants grow- ing in the district. "w Many W.A. people will be interested to read of a wedding that was cele- brated in Durban, Natal, on August 4, !the happy parties being a young and popular Adelaide girl, Miss Ida M. At terton, daughter of Mr. and Mtg. E: Atterton,' -of Messrs. Bridgland and Atterton, Hindley-street, Adelaide, and 1 Mr. Vernon D. J. Hear, an old Ade laide School of Mines boy, ndkv metal- lurgical engineer to Willoughby's Con- : jsolidated and Eileen Alannah Mining i j Company, limited. Eiffel Flats, Rho- j desia, and second son of Jonathan Hoar, of Waterloo,.. /W.A. After the ceremony and wedding breakfast, at which were present the parents of the bride, also the sister and brother-in-law of the bride sanko), the couple left Durban for a six weeks' tour of the Onion of South Africa, and will reach their future home at the Eileen Alannah Gold Mines, at Eiffel Flats,. Rhodesia, about the middle of September. Matrimonial The following marriages are arranged to take place at' an early date:- ^ Charles Henry Norton, Bel- mont, to Eiste May Ward, Bel- mont Edwin Owenberry .. Wark, Perth, to Doris Roberts, Berth. Benjamin "Bothwell, Perth, to Jean M'Donald, Perth. Robert Highton ArthurGream, . East Perth, to Hilda -May Deer- ing, Osborne Park. joseph Cotchin Payne, Perth, to Lily Violet Wood, Perth. Ernest Vine, Perth, to Phila- delphia Dunmill, Perth. A fair. Perth girl. Miss Enid Woolffe, visited the Randwick races in aristocratic company. Says our Syd- ney namesake. "Mrs. Anthony Hor idern's navy coat was distinguished by its four-tiered effect at the back, sur- mounted, by- a Japanese bow, and worn with. a black hat with an im- mense flyaway bow of ospreys. An ermine stole was also worn. ' Mrs. Patrick Osborne had touches of Ro- man silk about her dark' claret cos- tume. With the two cousins was Mrs. Alfred Turnbull, in a dark costume relieved by a floral hat, with enor- mous green quills set around it like a windmill. The quartet was com- pleted by Miss Enid Woolf!, a Hor . dem connection from West Australia, a tall young beauty in grey, with a white waistcoat and cuffs and collar of salmon pink and black furs. A black velvet hat, turned up at the side, from the peak of which black feathers waved, was ultra-smart." .W «li >" 'j The tight sleeves that mould the ' arm closely are quite a shock when ¡ seen for the first timé (says an ex- change), and make one realise the old saying that, sleeves date a frock more accurately than any other detail of it. They ace the hall-mark at pre- sent of the new silhouette of the cor- sage that outlines the figure, instead of disguising its natural form. With the tight sleeves made of gossamer, lace or net. which are set into the corsage quite high, after the old-time method, the pinafore corsage re- turns, cut out round, the arm-holes; or there is the chemisette, a demure- ly-folded . mousseline affair, . draped over a crossbar of effective embroi- dery. The dressmakers ^say that their younger natrons are quite amused by Use new modelling, and rather pleas- ed to experiment with fashions to which they are complete strangers. The new sleeveless blouse is one of the most practical fdr the girl who baa to consider ways and means, and it is absolutely ideal (says the "Catholic Press"). So many pretty chemisettes made of muslin or fine linen are sold separately at small cost, and these chemisettes can be combined with blouses in crepe de chine or Indian silk with the best resulta The latest idea in connection with these -dainty chemisettes is the huge Vandyke col- lar, which falls over the coat. This collar is quietly pushing the Medicis models out of their place in the front row of fashion. The Vandyke collar is not unlike the large Medicis col- lar, but it is not wired, and instead of standing up round the face, it rolls over the coat collar in picturesque style. "W *m ~» "All Australians who have ever been in the french capital have visited that hive of industry, the "Bon Marche/" says Madge Donohue, writing to the Sydney "Sunday Times," "and will have carried away the map of Paris which it offers as a souvenir, and which anyone may have for the ask- ing. They will remember how, in this gigantic emporium, tier upon tier of floors, stocked with goods of every kind, run round a circular centre, and how amazing it is, especially upon the day of 'soldes' to look down from the topmost one at the thousands of cus- tomers beneath, moving about like so many busy ants. The Bon Marche1 boasts to be the largest universal pro- I vider in the world. To-day it is hardly > recognisable, ©nly the ground floor of one block of buildings is open to the public, and yesterday, when I ran in there, I could have counted the cus- tomers on my fingers. The shop girls whose services have been retained find so little to do that they spend the greater part of their time in sewing for the soldiers, and the same is "the case of all the great world-famed em- poriums sucb as the Printemps, Galeries Lafayette, Magasins du Louvre, Aux Trois Quartiers, etc. All these shops and many others have set aside several of their floors as ambul- ance centres, and have contributed money to train volunteer members of their staff in the work of tending the wounded. The theatres are closed. No amusements of any kind are going on. How should they be, indeed? The majority of our actors have been called to the colors, and there are very few plays which can be acted exclusively by women, even if they had the heart to do it. Paris goes to sleep nowadays, or, rather, ls forcibly put to bed, at 8 p.m. No Government vehicle runs later than 7.30, and the motor-cars which have not been requisitioned for thc army are few and dear. Women tram guards have been installed. Dressed in a neat blue serge costume, with a 'brassard' on the right arm, and the usual tram-guard cap, they hand a ticket and receive it» money equiva- lent as to the manner born. Parisiennes are wonderfully adaptable." ^^^^^^^^ A league of girls has been formed In England to make slackers join the army. If they refuse they are made the present of a white feather. Many men have enlisted rather than accept the Sift 1m -rn «W I do not^wish to speak lightly of Kitchener (says an English correspon- j dent), but I have often Imagined bim I married to lady of gentle but unyieíd- \ lng temperament. I certainly know what happened to one wild woman who vowed to swing a sandbag under his chin. She was a suffragette, a raw- boned woman of SO with a punch like Jack Johnson. She was known as the most expert hammer- thrower in Eon don. Mo police officer had dared to tackle her single-handed. A crowd of militant suffragettes escorted her te Buckingham Palace when Kitchener's car pulled up outside The hero of Khartoum descended and proceeded leisurely to negotiate the door-step. Exactly what happened is a mystery, but it is known that the 'fighting suf- fragette rushed forward and raised the sandbag within a foot of the War Lord's neck. The blow was never struck because, as the woman admit- ted afterwards, he looked at her! One admits that Herbert is a past-master: in the art of looking at an enemy. At ] Paardeberg be is said to bave looked at Cronje, and the Boer general never quite recovered the shock. ' -rn *m An idea which was recently carried out with great success in Melbourne, and which* Perth women would do well ¡ to take up, was that of providing a .cooker for the soldiers going to the j front. Subscriptions and promises to the extent of £65 were banded ii at a women's meeting, and an order was j placed at once tar a .cooker to provide i hot meals for at least 300 men. These j cookers are so constructed that meals can be cooked as the vehicle travels along. Only three men are required to manage them. This alone is a great j thing in favor of the cookers, as under the present system of camp cooking j it takes six cooks to manage for 120 men. The cooker consists of a steam j generator and an oven, and is so simple that it can be managed by a boy. Be- sides heating food for 300 men it will (roil-enough water or liquid in 30 min- utes to give 500 men a drink. The cost ; of these cookers is £180. Surely if a: movement was set on foot, and a num- j ber of ladies imitated the example of Mrs. Lane and other Melbourne wo- men, a similar donation could be given to some of our troops, as a practical reminder of the women they have left behind. Writes a."Mt. Barker correspondent: -A patriotic concert was given under the- patronage of. the Governor and Lady Barron in aid of the Distress War Fund in the Mt Barker Hall recently. Regret was expressed by many that the hall was insufficiently large to accommodate all who desired to gain admission. The ladies deserve special praise for the effective deco- rations of both hall and stage. The items were of a patriotic character, and the audience very appreciative, every flem being encouraged. Thirty six of the school children (boys and girls) in white, with red, white and blue belts and sashes, and all wear- ing Coronation medals, opened the concert under the able conductorship of their bead master, "Mr. M. L. Jack- son, with the patriotic song "The British Lion." Mr. Percy Coward, Miss Hebe Gillam, and Miss Irene Currer, from Albany, materially assist- ed local performers in malting the con-, cert a success. A fitting' conclusion was the singing of "Rule, Britannia," and the National Anthem, the whole audience, standing and taking part most enthusiastically. A dance was held after the concert, at which Mrs. Livesey's playing was appreciated by all present. The fund was augmented from the proceeds to the extent of about £25. -m -m «W . Well-known ladies were on the whole simply dressed at Caulfield (says the "Australasian" scribe) The crowd, however, had been doing their spring duty to the tailor, dress- maker and milliner; and by what was worn in most cases it was ap- parent that a .striking and brilliant display would have been seen this spring had thc "fates" been propiti- ous. As it was, matters were very interesting, so much so that a. day at the races took one out of oneself, and did one good: On the one hand there was all the quaintness supplied by the now draped skirt, often curiously gro- tesque. Then the wearing of black velvet shoes, cut very low on the in- step, with white stockings, struck a note quite out of the ordinary. This idea, however, was saved from being absurd by forming the finishing-touch" to the white' cloth coats and skirts that were abundant Seemingly they knew no rival except the many suits in various shades of deep blue. The small- hat - -entirely of closely-sewn jet sequins, was charming millinery that had a great air of becomingness. For smartness the many varieties of "sailor hat" simply trimmed , with a band and fiat side bow, were very hard . to beat many such hats de- parting from simplicity when finished off with a bunch of valuable osprey. ._._-_z. Writes a Ulakine correspondent: **A highly successful patriotic concert was held at the residence of Mr. H. N. Everitt recently. There was a large roll-up of residents of the district, and in the long programme submitted, in which the patriotic was strongly re- presented, local talent was pleasingly in evidence. Some top-notch 'movies' were also screened. Refreshments were handed round during the evening, at the conclusion of which a hearty vote of thanks was accorded those energe- tic helpers responsible for such an en- joyable evening." Friends of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Fowler will regret to hear that two of their children have been ill in Melbourne. Writing to a friend, Mr. Fowler says: "I left Perth rather suddenly, owing to the knowledge that my two little boys were ill in Melbourne. Mrs. Fowler sent me reassuring telegrams, but I had a feeling that things weren't top good. It turned out that my telepa- thic impressions-or whatever one may call .them-were not at fault. The younger boy was dangerously ill. It was measles, but a very bad form black measles-no rash, and frequently fatal. A couple of nights before I ar- rived the child's condition was very critical indeed. He took the turn, how- ever, next day, and when I arrived was out of danger. Both are all right now." ^ "V % An Interesting figure in the person- age of Mrs. Tomlin passed away at Dale Bridge a few days ago at the ad- vanced age of 102 years. For some tune past she had been bed-ridden on account of old age, but she retained her full faculties, and could see and hear practically as* well as ever al- most up to the last, Mrs. Tomlin came to the State in the second Immigrant ship which visited Western Australia well over 80 years ago, and when she landed there were only three houses in Fremantle, and the rest of the coun- try was mainly virgin forest. She came to this district many years ago (says the "Beverley Times"), and for a great part of that time has been resi- dent at Dale Bridge. She was twice married, and leaves a family of six sons and two daughters, besides a number of grand-children and great grand-cbildren. Ii "I. «1. "Rip Van Winkle": For absolute, perfect and unmitigated asininity, commend me to the latest idioeity in ladies" footwear, known as the tango shoe, as worn more or less by 33 per cont of Pertlr and suburban women and girls. To my way of thinking they are the dizzy extreme Jn féminalunacy. The spirit or whim that prompts good looking women, fat women, thin wo- men, tall women, short women, scraw- ny women, splodgy women, clumpy women, wallopy women, camel-iike women, tn ste fully-dressed women,' women who wear red blouses with blue \ skirts and yellow stockings and black shoes, nappers, girls, hussies, and j all -denominations, c-iasses, sects, con- ditions and creeds of women-I say, the spirit that prompts some of these to tie gladiatorial-lookOig laces half-way up the calf knocks me into perplexity as deep and bottomless as the 10Ö0 fathom seas. They are not dainty, and moreover are a source of danger to not only the wearers themselves but to the six or seven people who happen to be walking behind,"" or in the vicinity of them. I shy off a woman with tango shoes as urgently as I avoid a baresark bullock or an automatic tele- phone. A tangoesque woman can stop the traine for a week if one of these two-yard-long bandages comes loose, and while the entangled populace was extricating itself from the tangle all the lady need do would be to simply step.out of the loose footpiece a.id es- cape detection and any responsibility in connection with the matter. 'Pon my soul, I think if it suddenly became fashionable for women to bind them- selves up like Egyptian mummies some of 'em would thoroughly enjoy it re- gardless of public safety and opinion. Anyway, what's wrong with an amend- ment of the Width of Tires Act or the Uw of Gravitation to include thc tango shoe as a public menace taxable to the extent of five shillings an inch. Second offence punishable by confisca- tion of peggy-bags and powder-puff. 1m ~» -rn From Kalgoorlie: . ""Mrs. A. H. O'Connor writes from London: The afr ls far too heavy and so dull. Talk about the blues, I feel some days rm going dotty: Fortu- nately we meet lots of Australians, and that cheers one up. 'As for things being better and cheaper in England, it's all rot I think drapery superior in W.A. They have so many prices . here, according to the look of a per- son.' - . j "Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Jack, of Kal- goorlie, are on a visit to Perth. , j "Mrs. F. B. Lawson's pupils achieved ; a big list of successes at the recent Eisteddfod. Their record includes i four firsts, five seconds, and one third, j which is a record a teacher may well be proud of. The details are as fol low.-Piano solo (under 10 years), ¡ Gladys Watson, second; (under 12), j Elsie B rehaut, first, with another, Maggie Quin, second; (under 14), Lot- ¡ tie Smith, first Maggie Hind, second; ; (under 16), Rita Brehaut second; (un- der 18), Rita Brehaut second. Duet j (under 16), Rita Brehaut and Lottie Smith, third. j "The annual picnic of the House of Brennan, Kalgoorlie, never provided a more enjoyable, outing than the other afternoon, when the whole of the em- ployes of the well-known establish- ment assembled at the Kalgoorlie racecourse. Th© weather was per- fect for the occasion, and a long list of races and novelty competitions, a luncheon fit for a king, dainty after- noon tea, and the presentation of prizes, not to mention a "wet' canteen that the authorities did not interfere with, provided all-sufficient means of diversion and a relief from war and other worries. "It was a patriotic act on the part of Miss Blanche Johnson-James to ¿le- vóte the proceeds of her forthcoming concert to assist1 the Belgians. She secured the Kalgoorlie Town Hall for November 4 some time ago for a con- cert for her own benefit, but when an appeal was made by Mr. Davidson she unhesitatingly offered her services. "Congratulations to Mr. Alf. Ald , ridge of the Racecourse Hotel, on the arrival of a baby almost as fat as him- self. "We are rejoiced to hear that Mr. Paddy Whelan is recovering from his recent illness. "The marriage is to take place in January next of Miss Laurie Wesson, third daughter of Mr. and Airs. T. \V. Wesson, of Yorkshire, England, to Mr. Wally Scott of Kalgoorlie. "The friends of Sirs. AV. ll. Clark will be pleased lo learn she is quite re- covered from her recent illness. "The second Belgian relier lund en- tertainment ' takes place on November 19\. lt will consist of an interesting programme of sonijs, duets. r<'citatk'.ns, etc., and will conclude v.ith u one-act play entitled 'The Legacy.' "Mr. and Mrs. Georgie Ridgway arc on a holiday trip to Victoria. "Mr. and Mrs. W. A. G. Walter are coming back to these goldfields again, and the popular couple are sure oí a warm welcome when they arrive." 