t:~ on. Tuesday the new railway sta . tion at Riddell was taken over from i "*■ the contractor, Mr. John Coates, and occupied by the railway Btaff. Prior to her departure from Carpen deit. Miss Birch, teacher at the Cob 1 ^ den'state School, was presented with s . a handbag and manicure set. During the wool season, just about •. completed, 6,800 bales have been de ' patched from Mortlake station. The station is at present undermanned, : the lad porter being under transfer. Residents consider that a station with ■1 a annual revenue of £9,800 is entitled to a man assistant. I Mr. T. McEwan, dentist, fired at a snake with a pea-rifle. The rifle did " not go off, and, seizing the barrel, Mr. McEwan struck at the snake with the stock. The rifle then exploded, and V the'bullet passed through the fleshy part of Mr. McEwan's- thigh. The wound is not dangerous. While riding a horse around the West Warburton racecourse on Satur 1 ' day* William Bromley, a horse trainer 16 years of age, residing at Millgrove, came into collision with another horse The second hors.e kicked, striking the boy on the leg and breaking it. N He ' ^ was taken to the Melbourne Hospital by his father, and the fracture was \- set by Dr. R. F. Watson. The Tallangatta Butter Factory is enjoying a record season of prosper ity. The last monthly payment to Mr. R. C. Buchanan, Ormidale station, v for , supplies was £167/1/3, the high est individual payment ever issued by the factory. For November, 1912, the supplies 'received were £1,296/2/0. For the . same month this year they amounted to £1,661/10/11. In consequence of the difficulties experienced in obtaining suitable farm labourers from Great Britain the immigration authorities recently deci ricd to'secure as many agricultural \- workers as possible from Scandinavia A party of 12 Danish farm workers will arrive by the R.M.S. Orvieto oa December 29. On board the vessel • there are also, three nominated pas ® sengers and six British lads for this State. The counting of the voting for officers of the Victprian-Riverina ' branch of the Australian Workers' Union is in. progress. Keen interest is being taken in the ballot for presi » dent, owing to the fact that Mr. A. N. McKissock, the retiring president, was opposed by Senator Barnes, who ' previously was secretary of the branch. The exact figures are not yet available, but it is known that Senator Barnes has won the position. < Residents in the neighbourhood of the site of the proposed township of 'Cocamba, to .the number of about 200, assembled on December 18 to witness the opening of the weighbridge which by the enterprise of the residents, has been already erected at the. site of /' the proposed station. The railway is expected to be open about the end of January, and there is already a large stack of wheat awaiting the , trains. At a sitting of the Licenses Reduc . tion Board on Wednesday, the case of \- Cowen's Hotel, in the Emerald Hill ■ district, was dealt with. The hotel is within thearea required by the> , Railway Department south of the Yarra, and on Crown lands, and the licensee holds under a long lease, sgb ject, however, in the right of the Crown to resume possession for pub lic purposes on payment pf compen sation.; Havirg legard to all the circumstances in this case the board granted the owner £300 and the / licensee £150. ./j A fire occurred at the grand-stand i \- in the Victoria Park Ovnl on >af.ur-1 V ' day afternoon, slo'tly &f;<er o o'clock. I It originated -n one of the rooms in J the basement, where a quantity of ! property belonging to tlie atheletic association is stored. Fortunately the outbreak was observed in time, other wise the stand would have probably wise the stand would probably have been burnt to the ground. Two mar quees and several rolls of hessjan, used by the association, on Boxing j Oay, were destroyed, the damage amounted to about £40, Grain traffic is now becoming busy, and the average daily loadings amount to about 50,000 bags. Since the be ginning of the transport season on December 16 a total of 341,239 bags, has; been carried by rail to the sea board, as compared with 107,114 bags during the same period of last year. The bulk of the wheat has come frohv the* northern and north-eastern dis tricts, and during one day this week ; as much as 80,000 bags were deliver ed at stations. The quantity stacked at stations is 277,080 bags. At the same period of last year only 32,299 bags awaited transport. The party of American landseekers who have just completed a tour of the northern irrigation areas were great ly taken with the Ardmdna' fruit set tlement, situated in the Rodney dis trict. One of the visitors declared that he had never seen such a pros perous settlement in all his travels. He declared that the Ardmona land was admirably suited for oranges and lemons, and was surprised that this class of fruit was not more largely grown in the valley. The land at Girgarre and throughout Rodney was considered to be superior in quality to anything the visitors had seen" in California. A sad case of drowning occurred on Saturday afternoon at Yarrawonga, resulting in the loss of two lives. The victims were John Stewart Ferguson, aged 12 years, the only son of John .Ferguson, and Francis Lionel Lewis, aged 10 years, the son of Valentine Lewis. The police, both at Mulwalft and Yarrawonga, were informed of the occurrence by Alan Adlcins, who had accompanied the unfortunate •boys, and constables at once; prbceed ed to the scene of thetragedy, which was opposite the strike camp of the rural workers, a number of whom as sisted in recovering the bodies. Every means of resuscitation was used, but without avail, ^ 