VALUE OF THE WORK RESULTS IN SCOTLAND GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE By "CASEIN." In various parts of the world where dairying1 is carried on, the necessity for testing- cows regularly is recog nised. It has been found that excel lent results are obtained by the for mation of herd improvement socie ties. This method of increasing the milk yield has become general in Denmark, and the observance of the system in Great Britain leaves no room for doubt regarding the benefits. The educational committee of the Lancashire County Council recently issued a report giving the results of four years' demonstration work in the keeping of milk records. The object, or at least the principal object, in con ducting these tests was to furnish facts to convince farmers of the de sirability of keeping records. The committee, being of the opinion that the objects for which the tests were begun have been achieved, have now resolved to discontinue them, and as some of the farmers whose herds were used for the investigations, or rather demonstrations, have resolved to continue milk records on their own account, it is obvious that the work has not been in vain. As might have been anticipated, wide differences be tween the productive capacity of cows and herds have been shown, and per haps the owners have realised that they have been keeping animals that must inevitably have been fed at a loss. Danish System The methods that obtain in Den mark are simple and effective. They are applicable to Victorian conditions. An extract from one of the Danish herd- testing association's rules states that the object of the association is to establish families of cows producing much and rich milk. The association is formed for five years, and no member may withdraw before that time unless he leaves his farm. The number of members is temporarily limited to 12 or 13, who agree to let each one of their cows be tested every second week. The expenses of the associa tion are assessed on the members pro rata according to the number of tests made, and are collected twice a year by the chairman. The association elects three directors, who resign al ternately—the first two 3rears, accord ing to lot. The directors elect a chairman among themselves who is also manager and cashier. The direc tors eng'age, on behalf of the associa tion, an assistant who weighs and tests each cjow's milk. For this purpose a tester is bought. The assistant keeps an accurate account of each cow's yield and test, and the feed stuffs consumed, and he also prepares a statement of the relative position of the herds as well as that of the individual cows, so that those which are deemed worthy may be selected for the improvement of the herds. The accounts run from May 1 to April 30, arid are delivered to the auditor elected at the general meeting before June 1, and he returns it to the chairman 14 days before the annual meeting. Any member who de sires any matter discussed may sub mit it to the chairman at least eight days before the annual meeting", where it is decided by a simple majority vote. Each member has but one vote, which must be given personally or by a law ful proxy. The general meeting must have a quorum of at least ha if the members in order to make any changes. If there is no quorum a new general meeting is called at least 1* days later, and this one may pass resolutions irrespective of the mem bers present. The association may oniy be dissolved by a resolution at the gen eral meeting. Work in Scotland Mr H. W. Osborne, the manager of the Western District Butter Factories' Association, who visited Great Britain, last year, had an opportunity of noting the improvements that were taking place in the old country as the result of systematic herd testing. Mr Os borne was so impressed with the valu able work that he has returned an en thusiastic advocate of the testing sys tem. Referring to the matter recent ly, he said the necessity of producing a larger quantity of milk off the same area is work that should foe assisted by the Government. It can be done by improving the dairy stock and by showing farmers the loss they sustain by keeping cows that do not give pro fitable returns. "Any- measures," said Mr Osborne, "that will show Victorian dairymen how to increase the yield of milk and butter off the same area, and without additional expense, will be ac complishing splendid work for the country. The State Governments sub sidise immigrants so as to increase the population, and thus add to our pros perity. Why, then, should not the Governments subsidise the importa tion of approved pedigree stock, by which the productiveness and wealth of the country will be increased? Why not go still further, and subsidise farm ers' institutions, such as cow-testing societies, which have for their sole ob ject the culling of unprofitable cows and the keeping of only good animals— so that the average yield per cow will be increased? Just observe what other countries are doing in this respect. In Denmark there are cow-testing socie ties in every district. The South African Government recognised that more pedigreed stock were absolutely necessary, so when making their mail contracts with steamship companies they made special arrangements for the carriage of pedigreed stock. In New Zealand systematic efforts are be ing made to improve the dairy hc-rds, and to cull unprofitable cows. Some t ime ago Mr Thomas Clement, of Scot land, who has one of the finest herds of Aryshire cattle in the United King dom. presented to the New Zealand farmers eight o'f his pedigreed bulls; they were to be at the service of farm ers who were suppliers to butter fac tories, and who kept records of the milk produced' by each cow in the herd. Mr Clement has also sold bulls to the New Zealand, South African, N.S.W., and Canadian authorities at prices varying from £75 to £150 each. Under existing conditions it costs about £G0 in freight, etc., to land a pedigreed animal in Australia. Surely our Gov ernments could do something to lessen this cost, and to assist the importation of approved stock." System in Scotland In the course of an interview with Mr Osborne, Mr Clement said:—"In Scotland we have 34 cow-testing socie ties. Each society has 21 members. While these act independently of each other in many respects, they have one central board, composed of a delegate from each society. The Government gives a subsidy of £2 000 a year, and this is divided among the societies to assist in defraying their expenses. 1 am a member of one society with 20 others. The number of cows would average about 6 0 in each herd. We pay the tester £120 a year, and we usually employ young men from the agricultural colleges. The system is very simple. Each member has every cow in his herd tested once in 21 days The tester comes to his farm, takes the weight of the night and morning milk yield of each cow. By this means the animals which are not yielding suf ficient milk are culled out aad only1 profitable cows -kept. Increased Yields "By this system, the average yield ! has increased 50 per cent. A i'aririev had a herd of about 80 cows, whicli were yielding an average of 420 gal lons per cow per annum. He joined the society, and, by testing and culling, in three years he had brought his aver age to 640 gallons, per cow. The extra yield more than paid the rent of his farm. Practically, by adopting the system, he got a present of his farm. Tnen take my own experience. I ha%e a herd of 60 cows, and in the course of six years my average increased from 600 to 940 gallons per cow a year. I have several cows giving average yields of 1000 to 1330 gallons. Bulls, the progeny of these cows, real ise high prices and go to all parts of the world. To-day no farmer will buy a bull unless he knows the milk record of his dam; he will not keep a bull from a 500-gallon cow when he can obtain one from a 1000-gallon cow. Milking strain is hereditary. The ave rage yield in Great Britain is 500 gal lons per cow. It is estimated'that the cost of production, etc., is 450 gal lons; so there is a profit of oO galloii^ only. Now, if by breeding and* culling a farmer can increase this average with the same number of cows off the same area to say, 700 gallons, then he has a profit for himself of 300 gallons. This fact is now beginning to dawn upon farmers. Testing and culling are having far-reaching and very beneficial results. We find that imme diately one farmer begins to adopt this system of culling, and thereby im proves his position, then his neighboi*s become interested and are forced to the conclusion that rhey can do. like wise. So we find the. system adopted by the cow-testing societies is extend ing, with much.profit to the dairyman and for the country as a whole." Forming an Association At the last conference of the Vic torian Butter Factory Managers and Secretaries Mr Archer, of the Depart ment of Agriculture, drew special at tention to the necessity for a general adoption of herd-testing methods throughout the State. After giving details of approximate cost and other essential matters he said probably the most simple and economical method of making an- arrangement for conduct ing cow-testing work would be by the co- operative dairy companies. They could carry on the work under the same control as exists for the ordinary work of the factory. Some suppliers who will not go to the trouble of having their cows tested might object to any increased expenditure necessi tated by this wTork. There is, how ever, even from thTs point' of view, the fact that herd improvement means an increased supply to the factory and a decreased cost in manufacture should be the tendency of such a result. Greater profits would accrue to the supplier, for as the returns of the in dividual cows are increased the cost of production per lb. is decreased in like proportion. Take a cow producing 200 lb. of fat a year; if it costs £7 to produce that it costs S.4d. per lb. If she gives 300 lb. of fat it only costs 5.6d per lb. to produce. If it is decided that the cow-testing work should not be carried out under the same auspices as the ordinary fac tory work, a separate association may be formed. It is reasonable to expect that the dairy company among whose suppliers the association is formed, would be quite willing to permit the association the use of their Bab.cock testers, etc. ' 