I:OE RURAL INTEREST (By "Rusticus.") The noation of the Minister of Lands and the Minister of Agriculture in the direction of taking steps to check the inroads of the pest known as St. John's Wort hi the Beechworth and Bright districts is timely and necessary. Very large areas of valuable country are being devastated. In order to cope with tile post and hoid it in cjieck, the Ministers have decided to ask the co-operation of the municipali ties concerned in first of all ascertain ing the actual area infected, whether it is privately hold, or is on pub hIo roads or Crown lands. Immedi ately the information from the muni cipalities is received officers will be sent up to complete the investiga tion as to the infected area, At the same time, officers of the Agricultu ral department will be told off to in vestigate and report on the proper re medies to be adopted. On receipt of all the information the two Ministers will submit recommendations to the Cabinet. The hope of the immigration autho rities now appears to lie in getting British- lads as' farm workers. Most of the 288S lads who arrived by the steamer Port Maoquario were engaged Spromptly for work on farms in various parts of the State. Many of the lads had deposited small .sums with the JLondon authorities before commencing Lhe voyage. -The money was remitteri ':to ithe State Treasury, and an officer o'iidl:over the amounts due to those -lhving a little capital behind them. -Facilities wore provided to enable the young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of tne opportunity of commencing a fund which one day they hoped would be si'ilicient .to purchlasa a block of land from ,theo State. With few ex ceptions the boys are all of good phy sique.. They come from all parts of Great Britain. Another. batch of 240 lads for farm work is due to ar, rivo by thie steamer Irishman on 11't" May. -In order that the next con tingent of lads might be cleared with as little delay as possible, the immi gration- aithorities are anxious that farmers requiring labor should for mard early advice. - The sub-committee of the State Cabinet on whose advice it was decided to abandon the .Maffra Sugar Beet -Factory, do not appear to have got pi'operly acquainted with the real ,feeling in the district towards the in dustry. .iThlis was proved by the par :ticulars given by the deputation which waited on the Minister of Agrioulture. The members proved that the decision to close down the factory had been" taken prematurely. The Argentine correspondent of the "Pastoral RIeview," writing on Decem ber 20th, says that' "all the meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia are. in full swing, and the competition for our cattle and sheep is just what our stock-owniers are thoroughly enjoying. Sufch. splendid ,prices as they are get ting were not dreamed-of twenty years ago. Reports of new meat works in Uruguay, .Paraguay, Argentina, and Patagonia are rife. The future of the wonderful cattle country of .our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should be excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lands are being secured by North American and British. capitalists, and stud cattle are'being introduced. There is life and excitement in these countries at last. Railways and capt tal will do the rest." Stock prices for freezing are quoted as follows: Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 21/ to 26/3,, good -19/3 to 21/; owes, good "to speoial 21/10 to 27/1; merino .wetheis,' special 19/10 to 21/; good 17/6 to" 19/3; "merino ewes, good and special 21/ to 22/6; steers, £11/14/-to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and hei fers, £6/ill to £915/. In the many districts the plough can be seen at woik on' the stuibble padl docks. With the high prices that have ruled for stock in the past, it is only iatural that sheep-owners i.ill turn their attention to providing sheep feed in the winter and early spring months.- There can be little- doubt that the "Carton" or "Abundance" oat is the .most particular one for all round purposes of this kind, It can be sown with satisfactory results in both autumn and spring, and it pro vides grain f.~f the best quality with .straw of; more" than average quahliy: .When used. for sheep feed in che early stages of growth, the Garton oat Is found to be particularly palatable to sheep; In one test this oat w'as ea'ten first out of 16 varieties triad. It is fonuid, however, that after f'ed ing down the oat does not come away again as'do some of the other variehieb of 'oat, and it is therefore niot ;argely used for autumn sown sheep feed. ,In some districts in New Zeala;nd, thbe Algerian oat is used fairly extensively. Algerians are found to be very .satis factory for providing winter feed, and then, after spring teeding, if allow,vd to grow for seed thley give good re turns. They appear to excel most oats on light soil, and although the grai is cooarse 'and unsuitable for_ mil ling, yet-when the sneaves are cut very goodl chaff is obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, and is particularly :free .from rust. The Dun oat is another very. popular va riety, and' when sown early enough; say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green'feed throughoutfthe win-. t;er and spring. Further, if it is in tended to be cut for grain it can be' fed later in the spring than any other variety. 'Sometimes sheep are .left on the crop till the' end of October, and the'n.as muoh as 50 and 60 bushels per acre threshed at harvest. The Dun oat tillers strongly,, and although to the eye there does not 'appear to be much bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty 'to.. leep them going for some time. Dunis appear to do better when kept well fed down, as in most seasons they grow long weak straw which soon lod ges in wet weather. Many farmers still stick by the .Danish oat for all round purposes. These oats certainly provide good green feed, and stan"' feeding well, besides providing satisfac tory grain and chaff'. - In a recent address, Prof. T. L. Haecker, of the Minnesotta College of Agiiculture, showed how the milk pro duction perecow had been increased in Minnesota in the past twenty years froni 2800 Ib. per cow per. year to 4000 lb., the butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb.., or an increaso of near ly 3 Ib. of butter per cow per yearf after 'tenty years. He also gave facts and figuires deducted from a .cow cen sus, ghowing that the average produo tion of butter-fat per cow depended not so muoh on breed as on the care and feed. given the cow. The milk production, in other words, was in theo saiue ratio withl th3 amount of intel:i godnce. expended on the herd. Experi 'ments demonstrated that from a com mon cow the care determmed whethei ishe prodiiced 100 lb. of 300 lb of but ter- in. a year. .A niew wheat is reported from the Jamestown district, South Australia. Of five acres sown, two acres were cut for:hpy, and returned six tons, and the remainder, stripped for. grain; yielded 39 bags, which represented an average of about :40 bushels to the aoro. The whlieat originally was introduced from the .Orange River Colony, South Af rica, and is reputed to mature very early, as well as having drought- resist ing qualities.. i 