Hngipmaii& GermaitppfioWa, ; ' ; and Mortomania. Jabs. Jobs, and Jolts for "Jastiee." Before leaving Sydney for Perth I received the following letter, which I've red'd and ro-veatT in oVder to judge Shether it merits publication. I thlnlc does. Although It Is hnonytuobs," like all such communications, and. tbe writer is evidently suffering from the well-known complaint 'of Nortomnnla, his epistle 19 so curious and his views about Norton and Norton's alleged doings and imputed opinions so amus ing, lie shall have his reply. Here's this 'Kortomaniac's letter, ".verbatim, ct Uterdtlm":-8— ' ' ; ' John Norton, s " ' "truthj'mcjngistreev ' ' Sydney/ _ ' J You won't publish this, but it .is somo satisfaction to tell you .what I thihk of you. ' YoiTare a dirty dis loyal dog, and It is ten thousand pities the patriotic soldier sons of Australia did not > do for you and your precious paper When they be- sieged-you lately in your Melbourne ; office, a few Weeks ago. Ever since you Upset the late Queon Victoria's Jubilee meeting at the Sydney. Town Hall, and at the head of a dirty, dis loyal mob, drove Mayor Riley, the rrenuvr, oir nvurj rarni-a, iuu uiuci. Justice,' Sir Alfred Stephen, and a ' score of other citizens off the plat form, you have been a disloyalist, as the Sydney "Dally Telegraph" pro claimed . you to be . at the time when it published your ' portrait at tho time. You li belled the late Queen, and in your wife said you wrote when you were drunk, and only escaped penal servi tude by tho skin of your teeth be- causo the jury would not put the country to tho cost of keeping such a creature In prison for the term of Ills natural life. , You a proper per son to run down Germans and to libel the rulers of England as Ger mans. Why a Jury found you guilty of murdering your German friend, poor old George Grohn, although you wore not tried for it. Why the loyal political parlies and tbe military cen sors permit you to ravo rind rant against English royalty and their German relatives I don't know, ex cept that ns usual you are paid to . do it, and those authorities are afraid to tackle you because they live hi glass houses and you might thre;7 stones. It Is a pity Dick Meaglr r did not finish you when he clubbed you in King-street that time. Nobody would have missed you, those least who know you \- best, and least of all your own family. But your time is coming as sure ns tho Kaiser's; and you can take It from me. that yoii will before long bo knocked out physically, fin ancially, legally, and all of a heap, as you have already been politically. I don't pretend to be a prophet; but I am telling the truth which you "never do except 'by accident which is not often. So you had better look ' out and 'peg out ns soon as you can muster tip courage to commit hari kari before the vengeance of justice overtakes you as it is certain before ' long.— Yours to a Cinder, JUSTICE. ' v , "Justice" scarcely does himself jus tice in tho foregoing incoherent and in consequential epistle. He, or she (or is it both a she and a he sought .to be concealed under the anomalous anony ms of "Justice"?), does not. display sufficient skill in the attempt to con ceal his or her identity. Wo think we recognise tho 'fine Roman, hand of an old friend in the composition,- not: to speak of the "style" of this cui'lous compilation of malice and mendacity, and tho still finer hand of the female friend that put the typewriter, in mo tion. ' It is not necessary to resent or retort sheer personalities coin ing from cowtirdly . correspondents, stalking behind anonymes rind type writers, whose -Identity Is no mystery, and whose motives are known. \- _ . .. # # .There Is only one portion of this cowardly communication that calls for comment, and it is that contained in u few phrases charging mo with dis loyalty, with abusing royalty and its German relations, and with running down the Germans. , sjs »!« As for being "a dirty, disloyal dog," that all depends upon what is -meant. Better be a dirty, disloyal dog than a loyal cringing cur. But I'm neither physically dirty nor politically dis loyal. I batli daily,' and diligently soap, scrub, and dry- rub-my cuticle.-. I bathe and swim in the sea several times a week, and often sleep in ' the water. There Is loyalty and disloy alty, as there are persons, institutions, and things worthy of the first, and others only deserving tho last. It is dishonorable and degrading to be loyal to what is unworthy, as it is honorable and ennobling to be loyal to wliat is worthy. Nothing can be worthy that Is not good and greut and true, and "pro bono publico." # But if I am disloyal I can be cen sored, censured, punished; but so far neither police, politicians, nor censors have thought fit to do the one or to attempt ,tho other— of late. ' On -the contrary, tho civil and military au thorltlcs are. able und willing, if called upon, tb tcstfy that tho manner 'in which ."Truth" has been conducted since the outbreak of thls.awfut war has caused them less trouble and anxiety In all the Australian States In which "Truth" is published, and- in New Zealand, whoro it -Is also pub lished und widely circulated, than any other of tho more perfervid "patriotic" papers, daily or weekly— some of whose profuse protestations of loyalty have become positively nauseating. iH ijt I never libelled the late Queen Vic toria, although corrupt political par tisans, whom 1 had libelled, corruptly conspired' to criminally prosecute mo for seditiously libelling that royal old lady, of -whom I never wrote or spoke an undcscrvod disloyal or even disre spectful word. All I did was to chal lenge her parsimony and to chide her proneness to favor her German rela tives to the detriment of Englishmen, and to subordinate British interests to German influences. This I did In an article which was recognised as u thoroughly loyal and patriotic one, which, aroused much at tention, and evoked widespread ap proval of &U; classes, creeds, and shades of politics. Of course, my political persecutors failed to get a jury to con vict mo. That particular article. is so often, being recalled o'nrl referred to just now,' that I propose to reprint und republish It !u an early issue of "Truth" throughout tho wholo Commonwealth of Australia und tho Dominion of Now Zealand, for tho pleasure and profit of the younger Australian generation, and many thousands of Immigrants, born and imported eJpcQ 11)9 article wan flr&t; published " I havo-never abused royalty. I have criticised and -condemned the charac ters ahd conduct of some royalties, English and -fdrel&n.; Naturally. ' uo ho ono who knew anything rcllAble about the lato Victoria, either in her public or private capacity, could -ad»- iniro or even rebpect her as a monarch —wortliv as she . was us/ woman, wife, and mother. She was a reactionary ruler, and it required all the. power, cf popular Premiers like Palmerston und Gladstone tb put hor and keep her in her proper plilco and 'contpol' her to rule constitutionally. Moreover, as a sovereign she was: a shirker, and failed to carry out her part of the constitu tional compp.cl with the People and parliament. She drew the pay, but shirked the work. . . - .'fc.i.Y. .. For full twenty- five years Queen Vic toria was nothing ,bolter than a morose, money-grubbing malingerer. After the death of her German husband, the Prince Consort (Duke of Saxc-Coburg and Golhri) Victoria shut herself up from her people, and .virtually . abdi cated the functions of the Crown, de voting her whole time and attention to sordid scrimping, scraping, and saving. Her rprivate fortune was huge. Yet she gave itcue or notmng away, even to .charity,, except' to her German relations.'; - These 'German -paupers; swarmed .in and about Iter Court like .big, bussing, blue-bottle blowflies In a butcher's shop, blighting, and tainting every thing they touched. .- .While scrimping and saving for such unpatriotic or, at any rate, un-Britlsh purposes, she was constantly adding ..to her. hoarded mil lions by at least, half: a million an nually from her Civil List and other sources granted -by Parliament for the upkeep of the royal state, - and to de fray tho cost of .discharging functions and performing duties which she never did discharge or perforin during the last twenty-five years of her long, and for this latter portion of it, use less life. . " . . : In a most unconscionable and un constitutional wny she threw the whole 1 work and cost of , the monarchial 1 functions upon the late King. Edward, ; then Prince of Wales, without in any : way indemnifying him out of her great ! annual Civil List grant ,andenormous private fortune. Several seml-mll- lionalres had bequeathed to -her their private fortunes, which . she grabbed with both- hands ahd gripped for hcr- foir with all the tenacity of. a miser able miser. What the amount of lier fortune was during, her .lifetime, or at tho time of her .death; the English people from whom it was derived were never told. It .was supposed to have totalled upwards of ton millions ster ling./ Not a dollar .did. she devise to the nation, or a'copper to_clmrlty. The bulk of this colossal .fortune went to i hor parasitical German relations, who, thanks' . to her patronage arid "protec tion, .had. been fattening arid battening on tho British taxpayers, as pensioners or 'sinecurists,' as many\of them are doing down to the .'present day. As for my running, down' tho. Ger mans, and libelling the rulers of Eng land as Germans, \ I've never done cither the one or the other, as neither would be pleasant, or- profitable. It is true that I have pever been reconciled to the idea that England, should have to import Dutchmen and/ Germans to rule over thom. ' The- thought is hu miliating to an Englishman, while the fact has not .been an unmitigated \- boon, but. at beat .little better than a : bad bargain.- The j'Widow Wettin"— ; as the late Que/in .Victoria was some- j times designated after her real family ; name — was never. English in head or ! heart, in manners or methods: che was ! German born and bred, and only hap- ! pened to be birthed on British sol! by : virtuo of What has been described as . a natal accident pro- arranged, by her | shrewd German mother,, the . Duchess I of Kent, who had. married r the Ger- i rr.an son of that -mad .German King of : England, George III., who wrote that he , was proud to call himself "a Britain!" , This was the "British" Monarch'- to Whom Britons "owe the loss of the best half of the Empire; the, North Ameri can colonies, now the United States. ' ip" ' '/ What I have objected against the German rulers in Englund is not their : nationality, but their, preference to 1 German interlopers oVer 'British olti- , zena. . I don't blame Germans, bo they ' princes, peers, or plebians, , for taking advantage of such preference: they are \- parasites and do but af ter their kind, and as English parasites do and ever i will do when they get the. chance, » "Whet I do blame is the presence on ' the English throne of rulers of German . origin, v/lth such strong predilections for Germans aud things German, as to : constrain them to prefer Germans be fore Englishmen in positions of high public- trust and large. emolument; and j to perversely promote German publio interests and policy as against British Interests and policy. : - Queen Victoria was remarkable, but in no sense singular, for her German preferences indulged in by her to tho perpetual, projudico of her British sub jects. But was slio altogether to blame? No; not altogether. Her par ents were German; her husband was German; her nearest -relations and doarcst friends were German. She spoke Gorman for the moBt part, ex cept on rare State occasions, when she tried to speak English, and only suc ceeded in. doing &o; with great difilculty and a pronounced German accent. Her husband no more than she could speak English correctly without a strong German idiom and accent.- None of her children could speak- English with out a German twang. Even the late King Edward the Seventh's English smacked somewhat of "sauerkraut" ; while that of all his brothers and sis ters strongly savored of tho sausage. J# The late Queen married many of her numerous children, aud still more nu-; merous German nieces and nephews and German cousins, to . Germans.'. Therefore, it Is' no- wonder that her; sympathies were really rather German- than English. Her. eldest daughter is the mother -of tho present German. Kaiser, who, therefore, Is lineally 'tho real heir to the British throne. For tunately for England and Englishmen, England's monarchy is a constitutional one, and not a military despotism like that of Germany. Thus the oldest living direct descendant of Queen Vic toria finds himself shut out from his presumptive maternal heritage of the. British Crown. Then look at the scandalous cr&e; of the second, son of Queen Vlolorla, the lato scalJawag, renegade-Gorman Duke of Edinburgh, What did ho do? When he found It profitable to do It, ho renounced, his acquired British birthright, citizenship, honors, ofilces, I litis, juid en&iu;&fint; 19XSS9I& hU allegiance to tho British birthright, and wont over to Germany to assume the title and talco possession ot the German .heritage of his German father,; the lato Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the German hUBband of Queen Victoria; and known as the Pirnco Consort- Is it. any wonder, when such things could be and happen, that Ger man parasites and pensioners should owann. tho - British .sovereign's court, and that the Army and Navy in their highest and most responsible positions,, should be monopolised by Germans to tho exclusion of capable, loyal, bravo,' aud patriotic native-born 'Britons—' English, Irish, Scotch, and' Welsh? No wonder at all. . ' sj: st Tho wonder of it is that German in-, fluenccs did not predominate moro than they did, and still do, and to the1 extent of placing the present Kaiser in his grandmother's place on the throno of England. When wo camseo ono of tho foreign-born German morganatic Battenberg brood permitted to hold tho position of First Sea Lord of the British' Navy, nothing ought to have been im-; possible to a German in England. # ; All this may seem very disloyal to; sucn aiiruisuo. uuxiiuiiuuiib anu ivjm flag-flappers as Hicdooberidough 'En- ley, but it has the slight nierit' of being more English than German. ? --'. I for ono can see no patriotism In an Englishman being more German titan; English. ; Choice having to be made, I prefer to be. pro-English rather than pro-German. A man who. can't find anything to admire and love In his. own country,, and who does not feci compelled to prefer her before all others, first and last is next door to being a malcontent if not a. downright traitor. This obligation laid on tho altar' of British patriotism, it has to, be said that such sound sentiments do not necessarily require the .sacrifice of Anglo- sentiment. at a. German shrine, or the condonation of .'the un-English conduct and antl-Britiah policy of Ger man-bred rulers of, England. Students of mld- Victorlan apolitical, history, and close observers.-vof .mid-; Victorian Court life, know what a hot-- bed of pro-German policy arid Anti- EngUsli intrigues the English Court, became during the lifetime of the in terloping, interfering German husband of Queen Victoria.. While , ho lived, Lord Palmerston kept the Prince Con-, sort in lils place; later on, but in a less peremptory manner, Gladstone. But Lord John Russell, Palmerston's Mln-« later for Foreign Affairs, was a1 pro- German pander, because he was a pan- der to the pro- German prejudices of tho German-bred Queen of England and lier German husband. . Jt Is only now that England is at war with Ger many that Englishmen are willing to believe ln and listen to the'oft-rcpcated story of the insidious intrusion, of Ger man influence into. British Court life and politics.. A startling revelation has been made publio by Lord Rcdcsdalc in the "Na tional Review" of last October. In an article entitled "St. Petersburg in 1863-4," Lord F.cdesdale points, out how the pro-German predilections of the English Court, the Queen, and her German consort,-togcthcr with thepro- German pandering of Lord John Rus sell, wero responsible for the unopposed, annexation of Danish Schlcswlg by Prussia, and. consequently, for the- en dowing of -Germany for the first time- with an ample and invulnerable- naval- seaboard harbor in which to build, dock, and shelter a fleet as Germany, is now doing In Kiel harbor. « , sd # England was expected by , Russia- and the Danes themselves to offer armed- resistance to the - seizure of, Schlcswlg and its-, spacious and safe, harbor of refuge; Bngland.did.nothingi \- of the kind. Thanks to -tho pro-Gcr-. man prejudices of Queen Victoria and' her German husband, strengthened and. >backed up by thoscof.hcr-pro-Gerroaiu Minister for Foreign .Affairs, this ruthv, less act of Prussian aggression wasT .winked at and allowed to be commtt-f ted; consummated without opposition or protest from England, at a tlmc< when England's undoubted and xin-'i challenged maritime supremacy-would have, enabled her to- prevqnt'the seiz ure of Schleswig by Prussia. A for-; ma!, but firm, protest fronu England- would have prevented the.- catastrophe. That protest was not made, o whig to» tho pro-German proclivities of tho- then Queen of England and Ihcr Ger man husband and the pro-German pan dering of Lord Russell, theMbca Min ister for Foreign Affairs. & $ In.hls article dealing with the crisis' which hod arisen in 1863-4 over the question of the two Danish. Duchies of Bchleswig and Holstein on tho main land. Lord Redcsdale, himself an old diplomatist, thus Bums up the attitude of the English Court and the English Foreign Office: — Foreign . statesmen knew that' Lord Palmerston was now grown old. Hefcwas no longer the doughty- champion of the Don Pacifico days, -when he electrified the House of.. Commons and the world with tho; . famous "Civls.Romanus sum", speech,. Moreover, he was hampered by tho. shufflings of his Foreign Secretary; and in the background was the Queen (Victoria), never a negligible quantity In Foreign Affairs, whom all men knew to be a strong ally of Germany, and still animated by tho1 -spirit of -tho dead Prince Consort,' who naturally felt with Germany. Read what the Prlnco- Consort wrote, to the IClng of Prussia on March 12, 1861: "My hope, like that of-mosU German patriots, rests upon Prussia,; rests upon you." (Llfe.of thcPrinco, Consort, VoL v., p..314). Thosowords. in the mouth of the Prince (a Ger man) were intelligible enough, but why should Lord Rusnoll (English Minister for Foreign 'Affairs) bea' German patriot? He was a "German patriot," "because ho was an English toady -to German royalty. \- i In another and.shortcr article it will bo shown how German influence at the English Court and In English politics has been, mainly responsible for tlic building of the German Fleet, and the position of that' strong, safe harbor of Kiel, wherein it now securely lies "bottled-up," it is true, but derisively defying tho stronger British Fleet to dig It out— even as I defy "Justice," be (he anonymous skunk.a.:beor Bhe-or "a bit of both," to draw mc out further than I have deigned to be drawn in this article. , Let the dirty dog now re turn .to/hls. vomit, along with the sow- to her wallowing in the. mire. JOHN NORTON; Palace Hotel, tib Georse-s terrace, Perth, ........ -Western Australia, tWciinesday, .- ' - t December : 9. 1914, 