RURAL TOPICS. The Jfine ^veallyr. is appreciated by. those who,.are ^yet . harvesting or cartings in the wheat; and the northern wheat'areas, do. not wish for any- downpour for anothet month at least, when autumn rains-to germinate the rubbish and bring along the grass will be looked for. In the dairying areas and dis tricts devoted to root-crops rain.is now wanted.' The few coastal districts which missed the fine rain of last week.report that root-crops are. languishing; feed also is very dry in these areas, and, consequently, the milk supply is falling'off. All the factories are reporting very profitable seasons, and many of them contemplate purchasing motor-vans for -the.- collection of.cream. Maize crop's, are at. an. interesting: stage, and further good rains will malce a big harvest possible. Southern Tasmania and the coastal and farrwest districts of New SouthWales are .still suffering; from:, dry weatheri^J^ut .other parts of -the latter State are- having -a .very good season. More thunderstorms and rain are reported from Queensland along the coast, northwards, around the Gulf, and on the Peninsula: Heavy rains have fallen east .of a line from Daly Waters to Hebel, accom panying thunderstorms. The low pressure area, which. reached the coasj^ between Broome and Port Darwin, is developing slowly;, but has, at the time of writing, ex tended to the whole .pf the interior of Writ era Australia and the .Northern Territory, and will, in all probability, eventually reach the Eastern States, bringing a change to cooler weather and probably rain. ■'-Some excellent yields of lucerne have been obtained ■ from the .flats" at Sparrowvale Farm, the property of the.Geelong Harbour Trust, commissioners! Since .December 17> 1913, the return shows an average of 4J tons green weight per acre. The cut is, in each .instance, the third, and the return as follows:—From' 20 acres, sown in 1910, 84 ton's; 124 acres, sown 1912, 87 tons; 29 acres, sown in 1912, 86 tons; 12J acres, sown in' 1912, 70 tons.' From the crops sown last year the cuttings were lighter. The supply of lucerne the .trust'has now in hand nearly fills the two immense silos, and will, it is estimated, be sufficient to feed the cattle during the winter months. V ■ Attention is drawn to the subdivision sale of Shannonvale Estate,-which is being advertised in . our columns. The estate is situated handy to the thriving town of ..Glen Innes, and is. to be offered at- auc tion at the town hall, Glen lnnes, at noon, on >the 14th March next. Intending pur chasers, should not miss an opportunity of seeing this fine estate, which.is For bona- fide sale, ■ and they .will . be driven from Glen Innes to inspect. Blocks range ;frpm 40 to. 606 acres,, and the homestead block contains 1,479 acres. All blocks are .permanfintly -, watered, , and -the . terms are ..exceptionally -easy. , Produce can be easily \- marketed .at.; Glen Innes, where regular iSa.les are held, and there is^a butter fac ;tory at-this^town. The agents are Messrs. Trebeckj Son,"and Co., Sydney." 'J'.: ■ . Since, the .council- of the Royal ;Agricul . tural Society of Victoria decided- thai pnly . sheep: entered ■ in a- recognised dfejdc Lhbbk * ivill be •;allowed 'at. the Royal. shows ;in - Fu '. ture quite a lively, interest has-'chntred round the "Flock ' Book" controlled ;bjr 'the „■ society. ThisV'bo^; contains'"the. histories ; of ;337,flopk8, and during- tHe Jast fe^r; weeks -no fewe.rtliaii- 45newapplieatipn8 'h^e'i.hrin! submitted for examination. A new volume • is hd?y-ih .It. vyjil ,b.f,1pyn$i-, caiiy ail -the ! leading '.docks "in this 'SfcWte ..isinri 1$58. In addition, all stud rams jUjipd; :during,t|ie;last season- ^jll in|^^|iuaiiy registereda n dj ablecl for" ref&^ice,; apd .the \- latest moyeihentB "of all ihe Rocks in i'defaiir We- are informed" hy the :p3iypr ' ■ ings; Collins street). that; eyjtriqs j fprv$ng. be.rpceived -iiextr; " T1 "}■■■1" - ^n kiB^ib-Interest attaches: ^ot htiej sprndo -4)y thVj^rfemier. tMr! subsequent to the formal beginning of the work of con structing the storage basin. ~The Seymour Agricultural Society has de cided to write to^he Interstate Commission to protest against the proposal to increase the duty oh superphosphates. A crop of'Federation wheat, grown on fal lowed land by Mr. McMinn, at Carambaluc, and awarded second prize in the Beaufort Agricultural Society's wheat competition, has yielded 991 bags from'123 Seres. This works out at an average of about 25 bushels. It has now been decided to make avail able for application the Crown lands which pre situated in the parish of Holey' Plains, near Rosedale. The area is about 20,000 acres, and the classification is third. -This country hias been withheld for some time in connection with experimental work which has been carried out there. Applications may be lodged for areas not exceeding 640 acres. '■ V . Official figures for New South Wales for the year 1913 . give the following stock carrying returns: — Menindie, Broken Hill pastoral district,, horses 3,700, cattle 14,364, sheep 513,100. These show a decrease for the year of "700 horses, 1,000 cattle, and 130,000 sheep. The country throughout the West Darling contihues^very dry, and the position will be worse unless rain falls be fore-long/ " Included among. immigrants who have arrived recently is a small number of Danes. The Minister in charge of Immigration (Mr. Hagelthorn) stated last week that the Danes, most of whom were farm workers, constituted a very satisfactory type, and had experienced no difficulty in obtaining em ployment. The department was largely in debted to several members -of the Danish Club for the assistance tliey had given in placing the men. A meetiog-of delegates from the various progress .associations in the district between Murrayville and Ouyen was • "held oh January 28 in the Murrayville Hall. It was . decided to -send a deputation to interview .Ministers ' with- a view of haying the advances to settlers increased from 60 to 100 per cent.; obtaining a rebate on railway, carriage on ■ horse-feed and seed wheat; rent to Crown now. due not to be enforced; suspension of interest on previous advances; advances for the purpose of pur chasing seed wheat in necessitous cases. Among, the many lots of sheep sold an January 27 was a draft of 516 -prime merino wethers, the property of Messrs. A. E. Les ter and Son, Calwalla, Cohuna. - They were greatly admired for their large frames" and prime quality, selling, at £1/1/6, and mak ing the, fine average of £1'per head, being the highest price obtained during the month of January, for, many years, past. Messrs. L. A. Fairbajrh and. Co.' were the selling agents, and the,., purchaser, Mr. Mark Mor ris, of the Metropolitan Meat Market. An English engineering company have urned out a motor-hoe suitable - for vorking in all classes of country vhere. the ordinary horse-hoe can >e used. It is turned , out in two izes, the smaller of which can work bo ween rows not closer than 25Jin. apart; chile the larger machine requires the rows o be at least 49|in. apart. It is easily, con - rolled by cine man walking-beside it; and he depth to be hoed is" adjustable, In eveu less and completeness of cultivation, in kill-' ng weeds, in-rapidity of work,-and in ease if handling this machine is reported to be At an interview on January 28 which the lairinah and representatives of the Gee ng' Harbour Trust h'ad with'the"Premier tfr. Watt), the .'-future* of the freezing orks was a .subject of discussion. These orks are at present leased to Messrs. Sims, bopei', and Co.; and the question'opened t was whether the lease should- be re nted when it had run its teruj. Mr. Watt ibsequehtly stated that the terms of the a'se "were that Messrs, Sims, Cooper, and b. should pay. to the trust what was equiva nt to 7 per cent, on their capital outlay on >e. whole cost of "the buildings and.plant, [e informed the deputation that if any pro osal bf the' kipd: shbuldJcoipe irTa definite irny the Ministry would theid ebnsider it /all "its bearing. ' V". Majlee settlers from .the;.district ip the ."west jof; the OUyen-MurrayViile irailway line ryaited" piq the .Minister: for Lands (Mr. )tow8pp):;pn February 2, to request,such as: ;sisiauee;jnjt|je forui of an'^extenswhtef;time ,-wherejnnto ,make good their- payments of irenit; as -would' eftable/Hiem to recover from , t}ie'~ bjj^J^seaspn that; they. have', passed ,tfarqugil> Tit was, suggested "that in some :^SM;ilie-;se^!ferev. who have ;.ppt -beeppje ■ district .ahpuld. ^yen '1seed whdflt ifor next,.year's crop; settlers'/i to jfqrnis^/Jthe Crbyn lands,, bajth par ;of, tlteir..-r<^uirenipn,ts. ;Art officer : .pf;,the,,d,ep^ ,to , dnyedtigpte- itiiq .■claims." His report oh ther ■ jSubject ^bjilj| • fote -the.^bipet. /^ome furthbr d^ .are ayaii.able. '.co'ri ■'in g;- i jlxaiivest .r:^iu tbe TiafikJiprt ?mm ^vortlif noting tliftt£ih g,: ■ port! pri /p)M|ip)lier/ instappe,-a■farmer'" reaped 1.596 cultivated 200 ^/ifpre 'Jpjiyi|"a|e ;jn. ;hn;.,hverage: ^secured; ' -Mr; Maurice O'Neill. of Arajoel,- oil old, un faljowed land, also ^got an average of fiVe bags, and Mr. J. H. Cox reaped the satis factory- average of six bags. Inquirers for seed grain will find popular varieties advertised in our Columns. Many inquiries have been made from outside the State, showing the farmers are alive tc the advantages of having pure varieties. Breeders of Corriedalcs will be interested, to learn that Schofieldsl'ty Ltd., the well known fclhnon^ers of Abbotsford, have treated the skin of a Coiyiedale wether, on behalf-'.of Thos. Bort-hwick and Sons Ltd. Ths -basil, which has been much admired by experts, may be seen at Dalgety and Co.'s, - Bourke street. There wei'e seven and a quarter- pounds of clean, scourded, high class, dense wool of a 56 quality oh this skin, and the pelt particularly large, even, of close grain, and-"a perfect type. The wheat is weighing exceptionally well in the Dookie district, and the Rail way Commissioners have found it neces sary to reduce the quantity : of bags in the 15-ton trucks to 178. The usual loading is 180 bags. One truok of wheat, containing 180 baesy>f the usual standard size, turned the weighbridge scale at 15 tong llewt. Very few inferior samples have been met with. Farmers are retain ing a good supply for seed, and mostly sell ing in the district. The Nottingham corporation sewage farms are reported to have done extremely well during last year, and it is highly pro bable that, the income will almost meet the expenditure. It is said that ratepayers are well satisfied if the deficiency does not amount to more than £3,000 per annum. For the year 1910-11 the loss was £10,063, but small profits were made in 1905-1900 and in 1899-1900. An enormous Dutch barn on the farm cost between 52,000 and £3,000 to erect. The Queensland Minister of Lands (Mr. Tolmie) left Brisbane on February 3, on a visit to the_ other States, with the object of inquiring into land settlement methods. Mr. Tolmie said, on January 29, that the conditions of land settlement in Queensland struck him as good, but some people seemed to thin); that they could be im proved/by the adoption of methods in use in the other States. Messrs. Graham and Spowers, executive officers, are accompany ing him. For the sixth year in succession the Jew ish Agricultural aud Industrial Aid Society oT the United States has award thirty five scholarships - by competition among the sons and daughters of Jewish farmers. These scholarships are to be held at the agriculturalcolleges of the States in which candidates reside, and the society pays, all the expenses of the course. Up to the present 117 scholarships have been awarded. The requirements are that the parent be a Jewish farmer, and the candi date reside oh the parental farm. ■The following are the results of examina tions at Longerenong Agricultural College for the session just closed: — Dux of fourth session. Student E. Bain, who secured gold medal presented by the secretary and the Fink Scholarship: which entitles him to a year's course at Dookiel student Moore secured second prize. Third Session.—R. Thwaitos, 1; It. S. Stra naghan, 2. Second Session.—O. Eaing, I; T. Bolton, 2. First Session.—J. Wallace, 1; It. Stephens, 2. Certificates of competency—E. Bain, A. It. Bell, C. S. Brown, F- F"therstonliaugh, O. Moore, M.- C. Platts, J. Rainbow. Deferred.—N. Tuily. Third Session.—J. C. Higgins, 8 R. Stxa naghan, A.. Tbwaites. Deferred.—M. I.angdon. Second Session.—T. Bolton, G. M. Bryant, G. Laing, R. McTaggart, -T. Stranaghan, K. Wilsoii. De ferred.—C. Poole. First Session.—G. Elms, A. McRae, D. Richardson, R. Stephens, J. Wallace, J. fully. Deferred.—C-- Alcock." The commercial committee of the North Canterbury (N.Z.) Farmers' Union has been investigating.'the coHiplaints of farmers, who say that they are unable to take advantage .of Auckland as a market for produce, owing to the high sea freights charged by the Union S.S. Company. It is alleged that the Union Company shows discrimination in favour .of Australian producers, who are able to land prodpee at Auckland cheaper "than the .Canterbury farmers can. Mr. Leadley,- formerly president' of the Far mers' Union, says that the shipping 'interests are no friends of the farmers, although the. latter rallied to their assist ance during the recent strikes. . At-the, meeting of the Wagga district affeutters,- on February 2, the following Dtions weje agreed to:— ^ "That all.men lie paid weekly.or daily to be optional- That .the pay of engjnedrivera be:—: Portable drivers, £2/30/; traction' driven, £3 /cy. week; feeders; minimum £2/10/, maximum '"That hag sewers receive £2 per week; that irdinary diands receive 7/ per day, or -80/ per reek; that eooks'-roceive £2/2/. weekly; that the ate for cutting wood be 11/"per Ion, the wood p -fee ion the farm, but where the ehaffcutter isvncr' agreed, on allowance of fid. per ton be nade= for wood- placed, it a stack." "That the bouts be 64 per week;.that previous csolutions take effect, from -Monday., nexfr.-Fcb •uary .9; that all ehaffcutter owners become roem icrs'of the Farmers' and SetllerB* Association; indZthat no distinetion>bc -made; as- to -'black' ir,'white' clmff." ■ ' On December • 21 last- the'New .Zealand . Loan ;and Mercantile Agency Co. „ Ltd,, "rprisbiine; Secjfred the. exceptional price of ?"£lfi/19/' for a" Jine of. ■ M/' Ross's Gallandoon ^Station bullocks in tlie Brid . it/hole (draft ^ayerajgijs^. ;; £1SJ^4} IJnJan'uat-y 28,thc'saine company; rsqid^Sfiii^l^ "draft; from .iCallandooh, the huiirtcks sejlih^ at £13/2/6,^3,. the steers vcaslj£io^pljftg,.'|&e; market. :(Th'e'y well-known butcher, Mr, Richard •'.TrdfftV-bouglit/flip. tops of llip first ^drafts,3.33 V$ie -wjiple^pf^ilie^ater ■:i w^thcrk ^fi^de 18/9;.yanct sltprc cirossbi^d /.lambs 1(1//'' The New .Zealand -Loliri vapd maii-M/SailliVlflr: J. ISoOfir 