MISCELLANEOUS. _ Moaday'a intense heat was respon sible for a large number ot outbreaks ©i fi~e iu country districts, sume of . 3Piich caused considerable damage. A Ministerial c-ouxtivnco wia con sider suggestions i:oi- enccurag.ng ag-1 culturists from Groat a>io "thern Europe to settle m v ict-^na. Surprise nas boen caused by tue an . oounceiuenl oi trie ri-s.gnau.-n ox AU. S. Griffiths irorn the position oi sti pendiary stowaru ot the \ .Jtt.C. Never before had tue stalf at tho Melbourne General Po^t Oinoe bi^n faced by bucii neavy mad* as tnosi dealt with during tile Chiiatmas sua^ou just passed. In destruotion and damage to State timber alone it has been estimated ttie Forestry department that forest fires last year caused a loss of £10u,B0u worth of property. The holiday season brought forward its usual list of casualties and acci dents, the columns of tue daily press being over well suppikd in this direc tion. Henry Fotherby, dairyman, a Labor alderman in the .broken rial City Coun cil, was fined £5 and £1/7/6 costs foi Having ottered for sole adulterated milk. Tlxe revenue collected at the Custom House ou December "29 amounted to: —Revenue, £19,406/12/4; S.aw, 2/; contingent, £29/12/; pilotage, £1Q_ 16/j wha'riage, £(57i)j7/i. Monday's weather was very trying in Melbourne. Tho maximum ouioai registration was 99deg., but at Gaunt's 101.7 deg. was recorded. Tuesday was also hot, dusty and oppressive. A father was drowned at Nagambie on Monday m attempting to save tiie life of his infant, who liad falltn over board from a boat. Tne ciuld also perished. A motor party on its way from In verell to Keznpsey met with a sursoua mishap on Sunday, when about 30 miles from the latter place. The steer ing-gear went wrong, and the car run over a cutting, railing some 40ft. 1l was then caught by a tree. The five occupants were violently tossed out. One sustained a fractured skuil and broken ribs, another injuries to a shoulder, and a third injuries to the head. Persons liable to pay income tax are reminded tnab the first batch of re turns must be lodged by the begin ning of February. These refer to incomes consisting solely of salaries, wages, allowances, pensions, or rents. Any benefit in addition to, or as p^rt of salary, such as board and lodging, is regarded as income. Returns iroin business people are not duo until the beginning oi March. According to the latest messages from Thursday Is and, whose wireless station is in communication with the Dutch liner Tasman, the stranded ves sel has 13ft. of water in the hoid, and her chance of getting off the reef is regarded as doubtiul. Thu Tasman went ashore on Bramble Cay, which ia situated at the north-east entrance to Torres Straits, while on b voyago from Australia to Java. An unsatisfactory condition of af fairs ia disclosed in an official report, which shows that the ilew of water from the artesian bores throughout N.S.W. continues to diminish. In D2 bores gaug;d tln.re was found to be a reduction in the flew at the rate of 7.7 per osnt for the year. This fact is stated in the report to present a strong argument in favour of the supervision which is exercised \>v the State in Connection with the efleotive bedding of the casing of all bores sunk and in favour of the control of the bores after completion to prevent waste «f water. At a meeting of the Water Mpp'y Commission the undermentioned appli cations for land in the irrigation areas wero approved:—Shepparton—H. W. Thompson, allotment 53, section D. Koyuga—A. Comparo, allotment 27. Conuna—F. Vale, allotments lie, lltf, lie, section 5. Bamatvm—Mrs. J£. H. Sheaf, allotment 75a j D. \V. Imh, allotments 7ti and 7b'a. Werribee— T. W. Fowler, jun., allotments 68 and part 67, section D. Trie tender oi the Northern Timber Company at £226 13/ was acoeptcd for the erection of a settler's house at Tongala. Advioe was rete.ved ijy cable message on Monday than the li.M.S. Otwuy and the s.s. Commonwealth had luit London on December 19 and 24 respec tively with assisted passengers Victoria. On board ilie K..M.S. (_)t way are 7 farm workers, 20 n^m.nateu passengers, and J British lads. The s.e. Commonwealth is br.ngmg 2 land seekers, with a capital of £oU0, t farm workers, 74 nominated passeng ers, and 6 lads. A small party uj immigrants am red by the It. Al.S. Orvieto on Monday. The ncwcomcs oonsist of 12 Danish agricultural la borers, 3 nominated passengers, and U I lads. During the past few months there has been a satisfactory increase in ra.l way revenue. Accord.ng to an offi cial return, made available on Mon day, a revenue of £2,521,806, vroa de rived by the department during the period from July 1 to December 21, or £143,955 more than during iho cor responding term of last year. _ The principal increases were £98,027 from goods traffio, £29,547 from live stock traffic, £13,457 from passenger tral fic, and £4495 from parcels traffic. During the seven days endjd Dccembei 21, tho reoeipts amounted to £119,312, or £8615 more than during the same week of last year. There was an in crease of £11,268 in respect of goods traffic; but a decrease of £2331 was shown in respect of passenger trafno. Returns of the Christmaa traffic on the Victorian railways show that though the bookings were in excess ot those of last year less revenue was received. During the period from De cember 19 to December 27 inclusive 31,181 excursionists booked at Spencer street station, and were responsible for a Tevenue of £21,349. During tho 6ame period of last year 29,696 per sons gave a revenue of £21,781. At Flinders street station the number ot the bookings to inland resorts from .December 20 to December 28 inclus ive was 44,494, and the receipts am ounted to £8344, As compared with the same period of last year, there was an increase of 2920 passengers and a decrease in revenue to the extent of £743. The Australian Vaudeville Artists' 'Association complain that tho vaude ville theatre managements of N.S.W. and other States have instituted a system hi boycott against Australian artists. At a largely attended meet ing of the association it was decided to affiliate with the Political Labor Leagjue and the Labour Council, and to circularise every union and labour league in the State, pointing out the state of affairs existing, ana asking members of leagues ana unions to re frain from patronising theatrical shows which employ imported artiats to the exclusion of local talent. With reference to a comp?a:nt made by the Federal Treasurer (3ir John Forrest) about the delay being caused in the construction of the transconti nental (railway,, the Prime Ministor (Mr. Cook) takes the same view of the matter as the Federal Treasurer. Mr. Cook said:—"A peculiar position lias arisen, and the question for the Gov ernment in general, and the Home Af fairs department in particular, is what is to be done in the circumstanoeis. I agree -with Sir John Forrest that the present rate of -construction is highly unsatisfactory. The whole question is further complicated by a reportod sc&roity; of -sleepers." 