Honour Unexpected. That "Truth is stranger than fiction" is a proverb of ancient fame and reputation; and we may be pardoned if we remark that every number proves it. It was therefore with some considerable pleasure and surprise that, on opening a copy of that journal recently we came upon the following appreciation of Italian ability in the early ages of British history. After referring to a certain advertisement of Australia appearing in an English newspaper, the journal remarks : — The appeal to "British sentiment" which is contained in the last paragraph of the adver tisement is rubbish. It may be all very well to unload. THAT SORT OF CLAPTRAP? upon London lads; but Australia does not want it. What this country needs is good ro bust men — from any white mail's country who are ready to remain here. Things have come to a pretty pass when it is thought neces sary to fall back upon the dwellers in the slums of London in order to populate our country sides! Who are the English that they should refuse admittance to broad-backed, sturdy sons of the soil from countries adjoining Britain, while appealing to slum-bred boys "of all call ings" to come here in their thousands? Are the English then a nation of people of unmixed blood? Hardly! Let those who think so read Daniel Defoe's "True-Born Englishman," in which he sketches THE "MONGREL" ORIGIN of the British people. So far as language re veals anything, it shows the English to be a Low German people closely allied, in many re spects, to the Dutch. There is, however, plenty of Danish, French and Norwegian blood in the English. Even Italy is well represented in the admixture of blood which is that of the Eng lishman and has been ever since the time when the Italians under Caesar conquered Britain, and planted civilisation there, which they kept alive and preserved in London, from the at tacks of thoroughly pure-blooded British bar barians, by means of a great wall, portions of which are still in existence, and are pointed out to visitors to London as curious objects of interest. The British barbarians whom the ITALIANS SOUGHT TO CIVILISE. and did partly succeed in civilising, were in the habit of going about partly clad in skins only, and with their bodies stained with a dye called uoad. Occasionally they offered up some of their own people as human sacrifices, and burnt lem to death, enclosed in huge wicker baskets. A nice land of savages England would appar- entiy have remained if it had to depend upon ie iiritons, and the piratical scoundrels of Angles Jutes, Danes and other riff-raff who invaded, it from Germany and Scandinavia! ike Italians who settled in. Britain, built the ffV11 anc maiTÌed the British maidens — e tahans, many of whose descendants still „e .ain or in the British Dominions, i!n from a social state -00 higher than that of the Maories of New Zealand. Yet near some fools raising their voices. AGAINST ITALIAN IMMIGRATION. ere -s S0.meLhing sensible on the ques- otWi lniumiS,atio11- s wLat was said the new "D" Llomiaday, an American spaper correspondent from Austin, Texas: Tm+ +P ?6 iV1 yoilr White Australian policy, rlnmi r> s0yic nt Prevent you from intro- pin-ie i Germans, Swedes, Norwe- wbrv it aiij Italians. These are the people In vJP Pen nP and develop your lands, tralismc? c101ae their children would be Aus- . their on aP JllS as PnLriotic and loyal to Parente St aS those born of Australian ai'Q finding that it is these trmFt MM are us to keep to the ii out. these are the immigrants you want. ih«ni C?lfse' those are the people we want. We com, tn a' W wailt oity-bred People to Australia; we have too many of " already. Better, by far, to have the Italian agriculturists that some fuss has been made about recently than to have BOYS FROM THE SLUMS. tf Zv»81'eat-Clu" -0f COUrse' we sbould Pt'cfer buAo hnfV 5 speaking our own lan- foi ' i we cannt get thein, then let us B wil? + i'ul'als from any European country. om neotTe ft h. "I l?S to assimilate with people, it has not taken long for the v-Lst number of emigrants to the United States to -mif«l"nntmeri0anf Ameriea ia the most in the 1 -,hii r tlle Amaans are ni the habit of calling "God's footstool"- vet and M 1 m0St and powerful an m the opinion of Americans, at any rate f-e greatest on the face of the earth. Immi- riiation has repeatedly been declared by the Statesman's Year Book" to have been the mam source of the greatness of the United States; and it is likely to be a source of great ness to Australia; but it will not be by import- ting boys not used to country life, bows in whom love of the city is inbred, in' the vey bones and who if placed in the country wiU U«£ «Vhe eite' "as — - G«d The ways of "Truth" may not be our ways or iSTT f may "<>t he correct oi us to adopt; but diverse as are our ideaN and our media of expressing them we tender to conymP01'al'y our thanks for c tiibute whose genuineness is as earnest as its kindness was unexpected. 