j THE LATEST THE BATTLE OF AISXE. ALLIES GAIX GROl'm FIEKCE riGIITIXG CO>TOUES. SO ROTABLE CHANGE. KUSS1A>'S DEFEAT GERMANS. SEllYLLV SUCCESS. AUSTRALIA* FIELD HOSPITAL, ITALIAN FEELLSG. Paris communication;? state that on our left between.' Sonne and Oiso wo mad*j progress in tho direction of Rove. A detachment occupied Per •ontie a/ud maintained the position, notwithstanding tho enemy's vigorous attacks. Tho enom.y hot ween Oise and tiro Aisne continue) to keep large forces firmly entrenched. Wo advanc ed slightly north-west of Yerryoubac. There is no change to report between Ivheims and Arjjonue. The enemy con tinued attacks e^st of Arjronne on the heights of Meuso with remarkable fierceness. Tho struggle continues with alternate retirement at certain points and advance at others. There is no notable change in tho region oi Nancy and the Yosges. Some detach ments of the enemy tried to penetrate Frenoh territory, but were driven back !by our right covering force, but the movement at £onne was arrested. It is now stated that the ofier re garding. emigrauts for Australia, which tho Belgian Ministers declined, was made 'by tho Immigration au thorities some time ago, and did not refer to Mr Holman's (Now South Wales Premier) offer, which is io sus pense, Paris "Le Matin" correspondent at Petrograd states General Rennen kaimff's army lvas defeated the Ger man army and re-occupied Soldau. tAi Stockholm telegram lumoun-ees that Vladimir Bourtzenu, the famous rovolutionarv, has offered his services' to Russia. Bourtzenn bore >a letter to Prince Kropotkin stating" the German mcnaco to Sweden was far greater than the Russian menace to Europe. Xish telegrams assert that, tho Ser-| vians have recapturetj Luiroria. Tho losses iverc heavy on both side3. TK> Servians have also occupied Heron . itzff. Tho butter market is firm. Danish 'advanced about 1/. Colonial is nom inally unchanged in the absence ot supplies. The Australian 'Field Hospital Sur Igeons' report states that 450 officers kind .men, both British and Gorman, [•have boon under treatment simultane ously. The Germans included the ' Kaiser's cousin, who paid particularly grateful tribute to the excellence of Ao food, and kindliness -of the doctors j and nurses. Already the skill of the Australian surgeons and excellence of equipmeiir have achieved remarkable results. In several cases limbs have Ibeen saved, including those of Lord •Hardinge's son, .when amputation see med inevitable. A Milan message says that the pub lication of Mr Churchill's (interview has crea'ted a profound impression -in Italy. Leading newspapers 'published enthusiastic comments. The "Giom •alo di ;Italia" saya Mr Churchill has again demonstrated England's firm friendliness, and ha3 clearly indicated thut it is open to Italy at this moment to lay th« foundation of a posltlvo and active Alllanco TVitlt tho Triple Baten W.' »«:•- .• x-jjr 