A Nambuecian on Tour. MR. W. B. BURGH'S TRIP. Early last year, Mr. and Mrs. Bureh left Australia for a trip round the world, returning December last,. to the land of their adoption. The main object of the trip was to seek rest and restoratiou of health. Owing to the strenuous w'ork during the time Mr. Burch was in business in Macks- ville, the strain upon him, seriously affected his health, and he decided to "down tools," and, with his Avife, make the Continental tour. As Mr. Burch is so well known on the Nam- bucca, a short account of his trip and kj impressions of things abroad will be \--v read with interest. In response to a request from the representative of the "Nambucca and Bellinger News,". Mr. Burch consented to be interviewed. Mr. Burch said that one. of the things that struck' him forcibly on the boat was the presence of so many Australians "on holidays." Only a few years ago, it. was j comparatively speaking, an exceptional . thing for any but members of the wealthy classes, and retired business men to take .these trips ; : but npw, when a man can get released from " .business cares for a few months, he immediately1 arranges to see the "Old Land," with the. result that every boat which leaves Australia's shores, takes with it a. fair < compliment of Australian business men. The cost \- ' "of the journey, tor each individual, is about £300, and the fact of sums such as these being available from so many sources is an index of the pros perity of the people of the Common- wealth. This has its effect, too, on the people the other side of the ' world, and helps to break down the idea, at one time so common, that Australia is only the dumping ground for undesirables. The cost of living on the Continent is about £1 per day, while in England similar accommodation is procurable for little over half that, sum.1 Mr. Burch was fortunate in meeting on board most. agreeable travelling com- panions, so that : they were a happy family. ' The memory of the trip is very pleasant, and incidents which occur red will never ! be forgotten. Friend ships were formed which tend to be lifelong in duration. On arrival in London, Mr. Burch was astonished to see the way in which the street traffic was managed. . He left London in 1891, so that he was able to compare the present with a recent past. The changes and -' improvements were beyond compre- \- hension. When he left for Australia / twenty two years before, the horse . . 'busses were in use, and these trav- i elled at tne rate of about 4 or 5 miles . . , an hour. Persons travelling by this route could, .without risk of injury, \- / alight while the. vehicle was in motion . Now these old fashioned cumbersome.1 vehicles have had to give place to the motor 'busses, which not only cover the ground at twice the speed, but provide greater comfort and safety for , / the thousands of people who patronise them. For some considerable distance a double line of these cars" are con- ' iinuousiy running. . There are no less than 561ines of these 'busses, and the average run for each is about lhrs. They'run at intervals of three min iates. Another means of transit is the" London County Council trams, the fares on which are' reasonable, threepence being the return 'fare for a nine miles journey. These trams are continuously crowded; but no passenger is allowed to stand. The management is a masterpiece of meth - od and precision. . On every hand keen interest is felt in Australia and the Australians. Questions of all kinds are asked, and | at is apparent that an intense desire! exists to receive information first hand J This is' particularly noticable in' the Midlands or agricultural districts. " Too much care canuot.be exercised 'by those, entrusted with imparting in formation, and the schemes adopted for advocating the \clai,ms of this fair land might, ,with profit, be easily multiplied. The Australian butter is better in quality than the Danish, and j .-.it is sold at a lower price. But it is j , . Jrfalmost impossible to secure the Aus- j traliah article because it is branded j as Danish, and sold at an increased figure. If some means could be aff-. orded so that every pouud of this but ter could be -branded broadly with the word "Australia," it would be an advertisement for the Commonwealth as well as lead to opening a big mar ket for this product. Mr. Burch visited a number ot dairies throughout, the agricultural districts, and he came to the conclu sion that Australia took %the lead in this matter. The care devoted to the . dairies here, is wanting on the English farm. The buildings themselves \- were not so neatly kept, while the general surroundings were far inferior . The/average wage paid the gard ener and' farm laborer was about 17s 6d per /week, and on this meagre amount, families subsisted. Many of these people are desirous of immigrate iug and making their homes .in Aus tralia, but are unable to procure the funds necessaay- — between £8 and £9 " for each adult — . With so small a ' - wage it is impossible for them to/save money. These people would make an .excellent class of immigrant, but In stead of them being sent, the young . -men and others inexperienced find // -their way here. " Mr. Burch was loud iu his praioe i of the manner iu which the Common- t wealth Offices in London are being conducted. The officials are exceed ingly obliging, and always anxious to afford information to the Colonials or others in search of information. The establishment of these offices will prove of inestimable, value to the Gommouwea.lt h. In response to en quiries information of the best and latest is afforded. No one particular district is favoured except, perhaps, in the case of the Yauco. The Immigration Bureau is also conducted on business lines. The chief officials are men of discretion, aud take great trouble in seeking to secure only the be.st for Australia. Even with the keenest discrimination, and most careful enquiry, mistakes are made. Appearauces of applicants are often deceptive, and representa tions of friends concerning these are not alwavs in accordance with truth. Mr. Burch found that on the whole the Englishman proved true at heart. It was difficult sometimes to under stand fhe'm, but when they "thawed" apd saw, after deliberation, what a man was, they became friendly ''and hospitable. The instant an English man knew his new acquaintance bore the Australian brand he made every possible' enquiry. - In return for in formation imparted the' Englishman extended courtesy aud good feeling in lus endeavour to make the stranger feel at home. A noticeable feature was the absence of news in the Lon don papers concerning Australia. If some means could be devised by which anthentic news from the Com monwealth, could be published in the London dailies, it would tend greatly to "boom" Australia. . In conclusion, Mr. Burch said there was no doubt a trip to the country was the best means of education. The mind became broadened and enlight ened, and the advantages to be gained were invaluable. His fund of anec dotes and incidents is inexhaustible, and we hope at a later date to be able to publish some of these. 