THE WIDE WOfiLD OVEfi. International News Letter. The Labor Movement All Bound the Globe. AMERICAN BUILDING INDUSTRY ORGANISATIONS. Sixty-one delegates, representing 20 affiliated organisations were present at t'he annual meeting of the Trades Councils of the Building Workers' Trades UdCohs of 'the A.L.F. in Seat tle. The conifiinuous disputes seem to be etfcributa'ile to differences of opin ion. as ta "which organisation should perform certain trades union duties ratiusr than as to which organisation & worker should belong. The rapid scientific and medhanical develop ment result in changes in "the condi tions of the workers. 'For example, a kind of metal foil cr plate is now be ing used in the covering' of walls, etc., displacing the most skilful sculptur ing. At first the stone-workers per formed th-MBjew work, and bitter dis pute ensued "upon tihe metal workers claiming it- A great percentage of the strikes and lock-outs in America lia.ve their own origin, in such dis unites. " It sometimes happens " that these movements are conducted with more ferocity than in the case of a combat -witti the employers, and the industry of a whole town is brought to a standstill because of disputes among <tjhe trades unions. In order to remove theee unpleasantnesses the A.LF. established special trades coun eila Tor *he various industries. Un fortunately tlie Federation of Masons is affiliated neither to tie Federation nor the Trades Council of the Build ing Industry. The meeting resolved that there Should In future be no moi» strikes in connection with juris . dlciionai dSepnbes,'- but - that all euch .differences should be submitted to a ' board of a/rbltralion or conciliation, isnd Jan 'attempt should be made to .amalgamate tihe .smaller federations. "The total number of members affiliate «d to the Trades Ckmncil was 499, 928. * * ? BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS, 1913. The increase in unemployment dur ing the past year had a depressing ef fect upon the trades unions. The or ganisation also suffered greatly and it is not to be wondered at, thlat it is un able to look back upon an increase in membership. The membership at the end of -the year was 24,098 males and 4.656 females, a total of 28,754 as cxnaptaired with 30,061 in tie year 1912\. The average membership has, however, increased from 28.5 25 to 28,978. In spite of the abnormal fluctuation--there were 11,236 mw asgsntoers in .the pe^ipd* under review" -the organisatBon>. was Internally strengthened im ho antell' degree. The -ftfpome and expenditure balanced at I_2 mfllion marlcsiv.and tie funds amount to 449,92^ ?marks. - 34^,621 mSErlos" was expendedHir beSiefitS. The -tatejl ~number of days erf unemploy ment was 106,109 and the amgnnt paid in benefit wa£ no less than 131, 632 marks. Eighty wages move ment took place, affecting 2742 wx>rks and 5762 employees in 96 towns. In 11 cases involving 2,245 the bakers were forced to resort to xi strike in order to force through their demiands. Of the whole of the movements, 71 ended witSi tariff agreements beffing drawn up for 4,619 strikers. The following resufe were achieved in connection with the struggles: Reduction in working -time for 1774 persons, total ling 13, 613 hours, or 7.6 tours per week per person; 5,330 marks Increase for 3, 4S0 persons, average per person 1.2-1 marks; improved payment of over tine for 3,060, and improvement in <Jie Sunday pay for 642 persona. Pay ment fia cash was secured for 322 bakers and holiday was obtained for 418 persons. In spSte of everything the organisation of the Bakers and Confectioners rn Germany may be sat isfied with the past years. The In ternal stability and Che success ob tained in the wages movements are good omens for 4<he future. * * # DANISH UNEMPLOYMENT INSUR ANCE. According to the report of the State Unemployment Inspector for the year 1912-13, 53 unemployment funds with 11,187 members were offi «ia!iy recognised on the 31st March, 1312\. On the same day in 19l3 the number of recognised funds amounted to 55, with 120,289 members, includ ing 12,852 females. The fncmne for the year was 2,692,431 kronen, in cluding a grant of 822,535 by the State and "T^.VTTkraneii by the mu sihdipBditiies, The expenditure amount ed to 1,888,706 kronen. The cost of adminfetnation was 9 per cent, of the total. The funds rose by 15,881 kronen to 2,382^411; kronen. The Act "came into force ott^j^jigust 1 ;. J 9 0 7. ' " During fits five years of exieten-ce t/he members have paid 6,197,097- kronen," the State has granted 3,000.987 kro nen and the municipalities 1.360.8C0 kronen. The' expenditure in connec tion witih benefits waa 7,888,812 and manggeaent 9 72,255 kronen. The development of the unemployment in sortance (baeed on the Ghent prin ciples) is a brilliant one, for though established only five -tears ago nearly all the workers iin the txkintry are in sured agaiast unemployment there by. 3s 4e INTERNATIONAL TRADES CON FERENCES. A number of International Trades Conferences, viz., for the woodwork era, 20/23 August; the Boot and Shoe Makers, 20/22 ' August; Building Workers, "25/26 August; the Factory Workers, 27/28 August; and the Glass Workers from August 30 to September 2, are being fccJd upon the occasion of the International Labor Congress which .takes place in Viexna In August next. The Hairdressers' Assistants contemplate holding their International Conference during the last week in July in Hanover in con nection with the general meeting of the German Federajtfcm. UNITED STATES. LEGISLATION FOR THE PROTEC TION OF THE WORKERS. Much was accomplished in the field of Labor legislation during the yeaT 1913 in the U.S.A. Th? Act in connection with the establishment of railway disputes has been altered and a Department of Labor h?£ been es tablished by the Government. Accidents and Diseases--- Many States passed new or more stringent la WE as regards accidents on the rail-, ?way, ill mines, and factories, as well as by lead poisoning, etc. Child Labor:-The most important demands were for shorter hours, higher minimum age, and prohibition of night work Workmen's Compensation. - £2 States have now iaaied laws provid ing compensation for the workers dur Pngt he last three years. Tn the States of Massachussets and Michi gan the law is liberally extended to ; those falling victims to occupational diSGESSS* I Working Time. - Ontario and Texas have now joined the 24 States which have fixed the worMog-day for their employees at 8 hours per da>. The factory maximum -working time has been fixed at 10 hours per day I in Oregon. Immigration-Immigration legis lation has come to a dead-lock, es pecially on the Pacific Coast, where, | however, the opening of the Panama Canal "has brought this Question agam to the fore. Whilst California, Oregon end Washington united in their de rn.-.-,jy to tha Government to exclude ail Asiatics, California appointed a commission to deal "with the legal and industrial protection of all immi grants. t Unemployment.-Three States es tablished unemployment. bureaus, whilst live States wentjnt.0 the ques tion of the irregularities existing m private bureaus. Female Labor.-The trial minimum wage law for women and children in Maesachussets of 1912 has been copied by -eight further States. ^ The eSght-hbur day for women was intro duced in Arizona and Colorado. I *.« i FROM ALL COUNTRIES. Argentine.-The Government are doing everything In their power to encourage immigration. From the Argentine Press it may easily be seen that those workers lured into the countries by the Government and the State Labor Boards need net hope for a fulfilment of the promises made to them. Some -time ago 150 Italian® were recruited through the Labor Board. According to the contract they were guaranteed a wage of two pesos per day, with good board and lodging. They had to make the long voyage to their new homes in a car go beat, sleeping on deck in tents (20 to 30 men to the tent). No beds or Bach like were at hand and the food consisted of smoked meat and rice. One after the other, the workers fell ill as the result of the murderous climate and heavy work, but no med ical help was at hand; and ©me were successful-in spite of the sharp watch kept by the armed ruffians in the pay of the exploiters-in escaping and seeking the intervention of the Italian Consul. A South American Trades Union Congress will take place this year, and the unlions in the Argentine, Bra zil, Chili, Paraguay and Peru ha>"e expressed their intention of taking [part. It is to be hoped that the im proved Combination at which the Con gress aims will lead to an affiliation of the South American organisations with the iatefnatfonal. . Canada.-binder a new. regulation of the Immigration authorities, Rus sian eiragT&TCis; may onilv be admitted .if they are in possession of a paEG port from the Russian Government. Chili.-In order to check the rapid ly growing- strike movement in Val paraiso and other States the Govern ment had the editors of the Labor papers anrt the well-known leader of S5he Trades Unioai Federation arrest ed. The strikes among the miners and the railwayman belong to the most recent movements. Croatia.-The 1914 Trades Union Congress will be held in Agram dur ing Easter. Cuba.-Having regard to the pro-' pagamda which is being conducted for emigrants to Cuba, it might be of in terest to know that, according to the figures of a Conservative paper there are no fewer than 11,000 unemployed on the island, which umfOWwnately knows nothing of social legislation. Luxembourg. - The Government has issued a number of -regulations on the basis of the Act of May 2nd, 1913; which empowered them to take over tixe control of the unemployment , agencies. FOr instance, persons run i ning employment agencies must be , licensed, and a licence can omly be ob I tafeed upon the applicant proving that he 'has lived in the country three i years, and producing guarantees as to 1 Ms integrity. Neither the proprietor nor his wife may run branch offices or, fn addition to the employment agency, a' restaurant or clothitog, lot tery ticket, hairdressers, mone/ changing1 or leading' establSi^hinent Lodging house keepers must be li censed. Unemployed may not be en gaged for posiSkms in public thor oughfares or places. The proprietor must exhibit a tariff scale, and may not depart from same. New Zealand-Upon the occasion of "the last great strike in New Zea land, which was entered upon fin pro test of the arbitration boards, the praeadent of the -Federation. Ypuaig, waSs condemned to three ipoiil£li<s' im prisonment on -account of ^Inciting the workers." His appeal against this verdict was rejected a few weeks ago. Spain.-The second congress of the Spanish Trades Unions will begin on June 20, 1914, in Madrid. United States--Secretary Wilson advised the Immigration Committee of the House of Representatives to ex clude those immigrants who were un able to pass the physical teste requir ed of the recruits for the Army. Above all the immigration of Hindus, w~hich was b'eing stimulated by cer tain. railway companies, should be for bidden. During the bearing of**the Horse drivers' case In the Arbitration Court an employers' witness claimed that the conditions of his business render ed it more profitable to employ boy labor instead of felly qualified driv ers. That's what the cotton mill owners in Lancashire said, what time thousands of child slaves were done to death by the inhuman conditions. The question is not what suite the cupidity of individuals, but what ie best for the race. The witness said that he started work at nine and wae still healthy at 62. The mere fact that eome child elaves grow up healthy does not, however, justify child slavery. 