AUSTRALASIAN NEEDS. D WIo1NU1881018 VIEWS. FURTIEl SUGGESTIONS. London, Jan. 28. The Dominions Royal Commission, in a further instalment of its report upon Aus tralia and New Zealand, states that the Commissioners were deeply impressed throughout Australasia by the desire of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations. Not only was there tariff preference, but there was a clear and distinct preference based upon sentiment and patriotism. Discussing emi gration, the report states: "Labour Saving Machinery is much more used in agriculture in Aus tralia and New Zealand than in Europe, and comparisons show that the proportion of population engaged in agricultural and pas toral pursuits is smaller than in the United States and in many European countries, while the town population is excessive. Since the mother country is already dependent upon the overseas dominions for a consider able proportion of her food and raw mate rial, the Commission is impressed with the desirableness of having as largeo a port;on as possible of the dominions occupied by a population which will assist in the develop roent of the primary resources. The best age for emigrants is from 16 years to 28 years. The Town-bred Youth often finds his feet more quickly in the new environment than the rustic does. The re quirements of Australia and New Zealand will to a large'extent be fulfilled by well disposed youths whom environmeit in the United Kingdom has forced into the blind alley of employments, and also youths from the industrial schools. The Commis sion did not find any evidence that only those who followed agriculture in the old country can become suocesaful agriculturis;s in the new lands. Thare is a strong un dercurrent of. opposition in Australia and New Zealand to emigration principally among urban wage.earners, as likely to in crease competition in the skilled labour market, and the Commission believes that the hostility arises, mainly from the present defects in the immigration system." Discus smg Female Emigration, the report states:- 'The surplus in Great Britain is mainly in the residential towns, and consists principally of elderly ladies and women servants. The first are not. posible emigrants, and the servants can ill be spared as the ranks of female domestics are depleted by the demands of commerce and industry in the United Kingdom com pared with 20 years ago. The Commission intends to deal with the matter in greater detail in its final report." pealink with the Difficulty of Family Emigration, the Commissioners state: "Parents are often too old to settle'comfortably, and the man tempted to establish himself premature ly as a farm-owner or as a tenant of a ready- made farm is non-existent to any large extent. Farming an the share system is extending in Australia, and it is highly com mendable. The organisation of family mni gration will entail considerable public ex pense before an ideal system is reached.'! The report recommends a fuller use of the methods adopted in Pitt Town (New GFdth Wales), where there.is an admirable insti tution, and it goes on to remark: '7z is undesirable to leave the duty of lescrioela The Attractions of the Dommnone to interested passage agents, as there exists a widespread feeling, which the oummis sion 'oconsideis justifiable, that ,aisroprecen tation is not uncommon, although there have been few cases of actual fraud. The possi. bility of' making greater use of the British Labour Exchanges deserves close attention, particularly in connection with juvenile cmi gration." The Commission recommends greater o-'' operation between the home and see 'bm tmalasin Governments rearding the em-n gration' of ,Discharged Indian Seldies, man of whom are wllng to go to Arstralia or New Zealand, but aad a difficulty in doing so, although they are already acc tomed to a climate more trying t0an that of Northern Australia. The Commission would allow considerable financial assistance to such emigrants. The Commission was fa vourably impressed with the German settle ments in Queensland and South Austrlia, and the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria and it declares that such emigration would be a wholesome addi tion to the population of New Zealand and Southern Australia. Regarding The Sues Canal, the 'report states: "The Commission is im pressed' with the Canal's capacity to deal without undue delay with 15,000-ton ships, provided certain traffic regulations are ob served, and it is also impressed with the Canal's increasing ability to take vessels of deep draught. There will shortly be 30ft.. of water in the Canal, but it is doubtful that this will be sufficient to provide for the necessities of A Quick Ocean Service to Australia. The fact that the Panama Canal will have a depth of 40ft. will acce. lerate the already rapid increase in the siP and draught of ocean-carriers, but it s doubtful that the authorities controlling the Australian and New Zealand harbours are properly alive to the quick increase in draught which is in prspect. Theproper stanard ep ins 40ft., but eeept at Sydney, Hobart, Wellington, and Auckland the facilities ae considerably be low that standard. The Commission can not urge too strongly that the governing bodies of ports should devote earnest con sideration to the problem of deepening the harbounr. Any semi-utomatic sIuewal of The Mail Contract With only a slight improvement in aspeed and conditions and salight decrease in cost would De madequate as a solution of the problem which needs to be handled on broader lines, giving full consideration to all likely variations, particularly with re gard to the speed restrictions in the Sues Canal. There is grave reason to doubt the reality of the shipping competition un der the present arrangements, and the con tinuation of the quasi monopoly for a long period will probably be injurious to the de velopment of shipping, as it will remove the great incentive for the construction of faster ships. No mail contract will be satisfactory unless it provide for a sea speed considerably in excess of that of un subsidised lines. The Commission's atten tion was drawn to complaints that the ot ward Bills of Lading were out of date and were unduly compli cated in favour of shipownera as against their customers. Nevertheless there was evidence that many companies granted re dress which they were not legally compell ed to give. There was also evidence that the strength of the shipping ring in London is so great that the combined action of importers is of little avail." The report draws attention to the possibility of amend ing the United Kingdom's shipping law in order to bring it into line with the Austra lian Sea Carriage Act. Referring to The Pacific Cable the report comments upon the anomaly of the Commonwealth charging a terminal rate of 5d. per word for the transmisson of messages, whereas New Zealand charges only a penny per word. "The cost of New Zealand cables should," the report states, "be reduced to 2s. 8d. per word, but the Pacific Cable Board has not shown the en terprise that might reasonably have been expected from it. The laudable desire to abolish deficits has obscured its vision of its larger and more urgent duties. To spend £2,000,000 on a cable and then to leave it comparatively idle for two-thirds of the day is not commercial or politic common sense." The Commissioners deny that epeience has shown that Cotton can only be successfully grown by black labour, and it adds: "On the contrary, 75 per cent. of the labour in Texas is white, and it is possible that the Maltese will fur nish just the type of labour required m Australia. It is estimated that picking in Australia will cost 3d. per pound, whereas it costs lid. in the Southern States of America, but there is evidence that tee quality of the Australian cotton will be such as to justify the expectation that a higher price will be secured than in most cotton countries while there is also the pos sibility of a cotton-picking machine reduc ing the importance of the Australian lab our factor. It should also be possible to organise the small growers into associations for picking creop cooperatively." While admitting that Hides are damaged by branding the Commission states: "The natural remedy is to differ entiate in price between hides branded as the tanners suggest and those branded as now. The Commission does not recom mend the introduction of more stringent re gulations regarding glucose in leather." The report urges uniformity in legislation and regulations regarding foods and drugs. The Australasianagricultural, mineral and forestry resources will be treated in the final report. Reference will also be made to the inquiries concerning better facilities for the handling of meat and fruit. The Commission is making further inquiries into the questions of inter-Imoperial exhibitions and the desirableness of establishing an Im perial Development Board. 