CtHSaAL NEWS. Mondiiy's intcn.-a heat was respon iiblo for a iaigd immbd1 of outbreaks of iii:e hi cbuiiity duincts, some of wliicli catucd oonsidcra bio damage. A lliniitcrial oonfavnea will con sider &nggjsti-jji3; i'or oncouraff.ng aeri- ' tu'.tunsts i'roin Great Britain and jNor t-hom Europu to s^ale in Vic-oria. Never bfforo had uiio staff at tho Melbourne G.rurai l'o.st Oiiice besn faced by such heavy mails as thosa dealt with during thu Christmas season just passed. The holiday, season brought forward its usual list of casualties and acci dents, the eclumiij or tiie daily press being over well supplied in this direc tion. . alderman in the Broken Hill City Coun cil, was fined £5 and £1/7/6 costs for having* offered for sale adulterated milk. Monday's weather uas very trying in Melbourne. The maximum official registration was UUdug., but at Gaunt's 101.7 deg. was recorded. Tuesday was also hot, dusty and oppressive. A father was drowned at Nagambie on Monday in attempting to save the life of his infant, \riio liad i';ilk-n over board from a boat. The child also perished. A motor party on its way from In verell to Kempsey met with a serious mishap on Sunday, when about 30 liiilos from the latter place. The steer ing-gear went wrong, and the car run ovtu- a cutting, falling some 40ft. lb was then caught by a treo. Tho five occupants were violently tossed out. Ono sustained a fractured skull and broken, ribs, another injuries to a shoulder, and a third injuries to the head . Persons liable to pay income tax are reminded that, the first batch of re-. turns must ha lodged by the begin ning of .February. These refer to incomes consisting soLly of salaries, wages, allowances, pensions, or rents. Any benefit ;n addition to, or as part of salary, such as board and lodging, is regarded as inouine. Returns from business people are not due until the beginning of March. According to tho latest messages from' Thursday Island, whose wireless station is in communication with the. Dutch liner Tasman, the stranded ves sel has 13ft. of water in tho hold, and her chance of getting off the reef is regarded as doubtful. Tho Tasman \vent ashore on Bramble Cay, which is situated at the north-cast entranco to Torres Straits, while on a voyage from Australia to Java. An .unsatisfactory condition cf af fairs is disclosed in an official report, which shows that tho flow of water' from the artesian bores throughout N.S.W. continues to diminish. ' In 192 bores gauged there was found to b-3 a reduction in tho flow at the rate of 7.7 per cent for the year. This fact is stated in the report to present a strong argument in favour of the supervision which !s exercised by .'the State in c-unncction with the.. elective bedding -.!' the Kisng of ;;!. j res sunk - and iu favour of the control of the bores after completion to prevent waste of water. — ? . A strike took place at 'Wmchelseaf on Saturday morning last amongst the r ? rural workers, when between 60 andA' 70 m n ucl \ i k. Th .y damandedp th' in oi I g ratl-'cf wages,! ^ i pu d ei ) li .«rs, and food, or'j . ]u/ l ii -mtl h themselves. A few ' ,ai it h-nic s iil giving the leg rate ? ^ * 'S V ii^o meeting of the mill pioduccio too : plac-j hi the Shire Hill on San d i} when it was decided p c'io men tli iog rates of S/4 per do (.ioht nous ind food. It waa dead L tint. tlu\ vould assist one an l hu olii h iiiuir v/ork. I i 1 1 l i g c t the 'Water Supply Coiiiii i n It in del-mentioned appl. catio i o I i I n the irr.gation areas * ci t ^ — jtieppar.on — H. W. i lomp on In milt 53, section D. j'Moyuga— A. Oomp.u'o, allotment 27. uouima— j.''. Vaic, allotments lie, lid, lie, section 5. 'Biiinawni — Mrs. ]ii. H. .Sneaf, ailoument 75a; D. W. Irish, aUotiiivUts 7li and 76a . Wernbee — i'. X\ . Fowler, jun., allotmaits 6S and . luu-t /)7, ste.ku 1). The tender ot yho-.i.\Tthern 'r.nujLi- Coniijaiiy at ±,226 13/ Vi;;3 acospt_d for tile election of a settler's house at Tongala. :. Adviqe was rece.Ved by cable messaga en' i Holiday . tliai) one ii . M . S . ? Otway And the s.s. Commonwealth had lett :;Iiondcu dii.D-ceipbs:- l'J und 24 respec ?:-'ii jffely .-???? \viih assisted passengers 'ajyctpna .-.''' On board the R.M.S. Ot '..Wa^$rs''7 farm workers, 26' nominated i-.p;as||ng'ei^^ and ii British lads . Tho S,s:\'Gqmiiionwcalth is br.ng.ng '2 la'nd ?.?iefeiiui^v^ita:'' .a capital -oi £500, 7 ?farm.vwcrK^irSj 74 nominated passeng- * ers, and G-yads. , A small party of immigrants an\Ved ; ? by the R. M.S. ?Qrvieto on Monday.: ; Tho uewcomes .oansist of 12 Danish agricultural la borers, 3 nominated passengers, and 6 lads. /.During tho past i'ew months * there .has''. been, a satisfactory increase in rail way revenue. According to an offi cial return, made available on Mon day, a'i-evenuo of £2,321,806, was dc rired by the department during, tho period from July 1 to December 21, or £1-13.955 more, than during tho Cur^ responding term of last year. The principal increases were £9S,027 frani yoeds traffic, £2i),.jJ7 from livo stock traffic, £13,457 i'rojn p.'.ssunger traf iic, aud £44S)o from parcels traffic. . During the sevjn days cnd:d December al, tho receipts amounted to £119,312, or £SG15 mcrj than during the same -..-eek of last .war. There was an in crease of £li,2Go in lvspeci of goods U-affic; but a d.creaso of £2331 was shown in respect of passenger traffic 