International News Letter. Issued by the INTERNATIONAL SECRETARIAT of National Trade Union Centre*. (Affiliated membership over 7 million.) Brief Labour Notes from All Countries. Berlin, February 17, 1914. Amerioan Building Industry. .Sixty-one delegates, representing 20 affiliated organisations, were present at the annual meeting of the Trades Coun cils of the Building Workers' Trades Unions of the A.F.L. in Seattle. The numerous Continuous dienutes seem to be attributable to differences of opinion as to which organisation * should per form certain trades union duties rathor than ,to which organisation a worker should belong. The rapid scientific and mechanical development result in changes in the conditions of the workers. For ex ample, a kind of metal foil or plate is now being Used in the covering of walls, etc., thus displacing the most skilful sculpturing. At first the stone-workers performed this new- work, and upon the metal-workers claiming it as their work a bitter dispute eneued. : A great percentage of the strikes and lockouts iii America have their origin in such disputes. It sometimes hap Sens that .these movements are con uefced with more ferocity than in the case of a combat with the employers, and the industry of a whole town . is sometimes brought to a standstill be cause of disputes among the trades unions. In order to remove these un pleasantnesses, the A.F.L. established special trades councils for the various industries. Unfortunately the second greatest organisation of this industry, the Federation of Masons, is affiliated neither to the Federation nor the Trades Council of the Building' Indus try. The meeting resolved that theiv should in future be no more strikes in connection with jurisdictiomil disputes, but that ail eueh differences should be submitted to a board of arbitration re conciliation board, and an attempt should be made to amalgamate the smaller federations. The total number of members affiliated to the Trades Council was 499,928. » German Bakers and Confectioners. The increase in unemployment dur ing the past year Jiad ? a depressing effect upon the trades unions? Our. organisation also suffered greatly, and it is uot to be wondered at that pur organisation is unable to look back upou an increjiSR in membership. The membership at the end of the year was 2*,098 males and 465fJ females., .a. total of 28,754, as compared with 30,061 in the year 1912. The average member ship has, however, increased from 28,525 to 28,978. In spite of the ab normal fluctuation — there were 11,236 i new members in the period under re view — the organisation was internally strengthened in no small- degree. Woman Workers. The general meeting of the Swiss Women Workers' Federation took place in Zurich ^t the end of January, 24 delegates from 14 sections being pre sent. After a long discussion as to whether the federation should continue, a vote was taken, and 16 were found to be for and 2 against. The federation will take part in the Swiss women's day, which will be devoted to the de mands for women's franchise and the protection of women and children^ Zurich was elected as headquarters of pie federation. Danish Unemployment Insurance. According to th,e report of the State Unemployment Inspector for the year 1912-13, 53 unemployment funds, with 11,18/ members, were officially recog nised on ? March 31, 1012. On ihesame day in 1913 the number of recognised funds amounted to '55, with 120,289 -members, including 12,852 females. The development of the unemployment in surance is a brilliant one/ for though established only five years ngo, nearly all the workers in the country are in sured against unemployment thereby. Legislation for the Protection of the Workers in the United States dur ing tho Year 1913. Much was accomplished ui the field of Labour legislation during the year 1913 in the U.S.A. The Act in con nection with the settlement of rail way disputes has been altered, and a Department of Labour lias been estab lished by the Government. Accidents and Diseases.— Many States received new or more stringent Jaws as regards accidents on the rail way, in mines and in the factories, aG well an l-v lead poisoning, etc. Child Labour. — The most importnnt demands were for nhorter hours, higher minimum ago, anil prohibition of night work. Workmen's Compensation. — 22 States have now issued laws providing com pensation for the workers during the last three years in the States of Massa chussets and Michigan; the law is liberally extended to -those falling vic tims to occupational diseases. Working Time.— Ontario and Texas have now joined the 24 States which have fixed the working day for their employees at eight hours per day. The factory maximum working time has been fixed at 10 hours per day in Ore gon. Immigration. — Immigration legisla tion has come to a deadlock, especially on the Pacific Coast, where, however, the opening of the Panama Canal has brought this question again to the fore. Whilst California, Oregon, and Wash ington united in their demands to the Government to exclude * all' Asiatics, California appointed a commission to deal with the legal and industrial pro tection of all immigrants. Unemployment.— -Three States estab lished unemployment bureau, whilst five States went into the question of the irregularities existing in private bureaus. , ,' '. Female Labour. — The trial minimum wage law for women and children in Massachussets of 1912 has been copied by eight further States. The eight hour day for women was introduced in Arizona and Colorado. International Trades Conferences. A number of International Trades Conferences, viz., for the Woodw6rkers, August 20-23; the boot and shoe makers, August 20-22; building workers, August 25-26 ; the factory workers, August 27-23; and the glass workers, from August 30 to September 2, are being held upon the occasion of the International Labour Congress, which takes place in Vienna in August nest. The hairdressers' assistants^ con- template holding their International Conference during the last week in July in Hanover, in connection with the general meeting of the German Federation. Protest from South Africa. An account has been received by the International Federation of Trades Unions from South Africa, through channels wliich were beyond the con trol of the South African censure. This statement, signed by the leaders of the South African Labour .party and Trades Unions, throws a lurid glare upon the recent events in this country. Dootors and Insurance Act. Upon the Insurance Act being passed in England a year ago, the doc tors raised great difficulties on account of their exaggerated demands. The opposition was so great that Lloyd George, the promoter of the bill, seriously considered the question of nationalising the profession. An agree ment was at length arrived at under which the doctors benefited materially. Co-operative Societies. The German Co-operative Society is now organising all their fire insurances. All such insurances are now being cen tralised in their office, which is practi cally a kind of sub-office of an insur ance company. Having regard to the great number of policies already taken out, an independent co-operative insur ance will certainly be established later, although the present conditions are an improvement upon the former ar rangement, since management ex penses have been greatly reduced, and compensation is assessed in conjunction with the Co-operative. Spanish Trades Union. The Spanish Trades Union Centre has just published its statistics for the year 1913, from which we observe thai the number of affiliated members hat decreased from 147,729 to 127,804. This falling off is almost solely due U the railwaymen, whose membership during the strike year increased enor mously, but has now fallen from 83,587 to 49,325. The increase in the case of the other trades waa nearly 14,000. Brief Labour Notes from All Countries. Argentine. — The Government are doing everything in their, power to en courage immigration. From the Argen tine Press it may easily be seen that those workers lured into the countries by the Government and the State Labour Boards may not hope for a ful fillment of the promises made to them. Some time ago 150 Italians wore re cruited through the Labour Board. Ac cording to the contract they wcrr guarnntqed a way© of two pesos per day. with good board and lodging. They had to make the long voyage to their new home in a cargo boat, sleep ing on deck in tents (20-30 men to the tent). No beds or such like were .at liana,' a ild~ the 'food consisted rpTsmoked' meat mid rice, Une after the other tBef wdrkers fell ill, as a result of the mur derous climate and heavy work, but no medical help was at hand; and some were successful — in spite of. the sharp watch kept by the armed ruffians in tl^e pay of the exploiters— in escaping and seeking the intervention of the Italian Consul. A South American Trades Union Congress will take place this year, and the unions in the Argentine, Brazil, Chili, Paraguay, and Peru have ex pressed their intention of taking part. It is to be hoped that the improved combination at which the congress aims will lead to an affiliation of the South American organisations with the In ternational. Canada. — Under a new regulation of the immigration authorities, Russian emigrants may only be admitted, if they are in possession of a passport from the Russian Government. Chili. — In order to check the rapidly growing strike movement in Valparaiso and other States the Government had the editors of the Labour papers and the well-known leader of the Trader Union Federation arrested. The strikes among the miners and the railwaymen belong to the most recent movements. Croatia.— The 1914 Trades Union Congress will be held in Agram during Easter. Cuba. — Having regard to the pro paganda which is being conducted for emigrants to Cuba, it might be of in terest to know that, according to the figures of a Conservative pauer, then' are no fewer than 11,000 unemployed on the island, which unfortunately knowr. nothing of social legislation. Luxemburg. — The Government ha« issued a number of regulations on tin-1 basis of the Act of May 2, 1913 ; which empowered them to take over the con trol of the employment agencies. Spain. — The second congress of the Spanish Trades Unions will begin on June 20, 1914, in Madrid. United States. — Secretary Wilson ad vised the Immigration Committee of the House of Representatives, exclud« those immigrant!; who were unab'o *?' pass the physical tests required of the recruits for the army. Above all. the immigration of Hindoos, being stimu lated by certain railway companies would be forbidden. Trade Notes. Bakers. — The congress of the Italic Federation of- Bakers, Confectioners, and Millers has been called for Ma- 17-20, 1914, and the following points arc down on the agenda : — Conditions of labour in bakery trades, coopera tive societies, and municipal bakeries, unemployment, legislation for the pro tection of the worker, raising of tht amount of contribution and the .estab lishing of a central defence fund, etc. The membership of the America Federation increased from 19,162 to 22,088 during the year 1913, in spite of the fact that a round 1000 member* were lost to the New York branch as a result of internal disputes and syndi calistic propaganda. In the same year the organisations distributed among the employers abiding by the agree ment, 602 million trades union stamps. to be stuck on the break, as compared with 564 million in the previous year. Bank Employees. — Tire Parisian Bank employees have entered upon a vigorous movement. Their demands lor the observance of the legal weekly rest-day, holiday, hours of service, pay ment for overtime, free Saturday after noons, and an improvement in wa-*es have been submitted to all banks. Up to the present, 10 hanks have joined Hie representatives of the Bank Officials' Organisation. This organ jsn whioh includes a goodly portion of the 21,500 bank employees in ParisV is resolved to Split' for the weognition of their demands with all its might and is preparing for a great strike! Demonstrations will. jn the first place. lw instituted with the assistance of tli. Trades Union Federation . with which the crjranisntion is affiliated, and Par liament will bo called upon to inter vene. Boot and Shoe-makers. — The English Boot-make™' Federation number^ 82,920 at tho -end of ihn yen- io/p 81,440 at the ond of 1912, jind 88,247 at the end of 1913. The funrh ^f +iK organisation amount'd to £160 Cnn The Federation, which hns just, calM its conference for Jump 1 1914. h Northampton, is distributing trades union stick on labels for vow war': and repairs, with good results. Building Workers.— The Hapo Build ing workers have ended their wager movements with a tariff !i#reem-»-t which is vnlid till 1916 and provides for a minimum wage of 32 cents for the masons, and 27 for the labourers, etc.. raising by 1 cent per vojir. The English Masons'' Federation has issued an interesting appeal to its 350 sections. In order that the executive, whose hands are bound by the regula tions of the Federation,' might take part in the scheme for the assistance of the lockod-out workers in Dublin, the local branches were requested to' call special meetings for the purpose of passing a resolution lo assist their Dublin fellow-workers and to send the same to the executive.' That so much ceremony is necessary when ail organi sation will prove its solidarity (and it is the SRTtic 111 til« case «i jiiiitty tradrs' unions in England) seems to show that democracy hae become u farce. This difficulty has ofteif prevented the English organisations from taking part in international actions for finan cial assistance, and has often brought bitter reproaches upon the heads of the English delegates at international Congresses. \ Carpenters. — The- carpenters have been locked out in Barcelona, Spain, foi; some days. The joiners iiave joined them, so that over 1400 workers are up in arms against the combined em ployers. In ortler to break down the resistance of the employers, the Wood Workers' Federation has decided that all woodworkers in the building trades should down tools. There would then be 14,000 workers either on strike or locked out. Employees in Public Services. —A round 900 delegates, representing 30,000 members, attended the Congress of the Postmen of the United States. The Congress specially opposed the system or advancement, Avhich was con trolled more by influence than by abil ity. A proposition for the affiliating with the Trades Union Federation is to bo settled, by means of a ballot, but it is Jiardly .probable that it will be adopted. A resolution was adopted op posing the reduction in the postage rates, since it was stated that the revenue of the Post Office could not bear the loss resulting therefrom. A great demonstration among those in the employ of the Government works took place in London on February S to emphasise their demands for a mini mum wage of 30s. p?r week and an in crease of 15 per cent for day and piece workers. . The employers of the gas works, the underground railway and banks, met together in a demonstration against the victimisation of organis2d fellow workers. On November 7, 1913, the Government promised, upon the motion ? of the, Socialists,, to institute an in ouiry for the purpose of examining the demands of the three trades named. Up to the present, however, nothing lms uet;ii lieaiu uiUltl' oilliw jn.vu»Ligiv tion or of the result thereof. The three groups have now appointed a comraittep for the defence of their right to com bine. Hotel and Restaurant Employees. — The waiters in the State University of Wisconsin threatened to strike if 10 waiters, who had been dismissed oh account of the quiet season, were not reinstated:^ The men were successful, and were unable to resume their work ;, and studies — those ? involved in the movement were students (and finch students may be found in almost all U.S. universities) who earned their board and university fees by working, either in the university itself as waiter, porter, etc., or outside as boot-black, newspaper vendor, etc. Miners. — The miners in Belgium have endeavoured to get the Pension Act oi 1911 amended, so that tjiose who have been continuously employed for ,'M) years in a mine and who were 51 years --f age on .January 1, 191.1, should \w granted a pension, otherwise they are as good as excluded. Forced by the Socialists, the Under House passed tjio amendment, but the .Senate Commis sion repeatedly postponed the decision. It seems that the necessary funds are not forthcoming to meet the vote. Having regard to the impending miners1 strike In France, the employers are already trying to recruit; strike breakers, and it is reported from Bel gium that the agents are distributing pamphlet,1? in which the conditions in France are described in the most glow ing terms. The miners are everywhere strongly advised to consult their or ganisations before following these re cruiting agents. Musicians.— The Belgian Musicians' Federation decided to oxpel- or to im pose a finp of 50 francs upon all mem bers accepting an engagement in Os tend or other spas where the wage log of the Federation is not recognised. 