PEOPLING THE LAND. DUTCH SETTLERS. The Ministry has set apart 2,000 acres on the Stanhope Estate for the establish- ment of a Dutch settlement. Mr. Van den Brenk, a Dutch journalist, has undertaken to secure about 40 or 50 land settlers from Holland and Belgium within 18 months, and he will leave Melbourne to-day in order to carry out his mission, Each of the settlers must have a capital of at least £300. Mr. Van den Brenk has travelled over a con- siderable portion of Victoria, and has re- cently returned from a visit to the irriga- tion districts. During a stay of nearly a year in Australia he has written several articles for publication in Holland, which will assist the Victorian immigration move- ment. According to the arrangement made with the Ministry, Mr. Van den Brenk will be paid a commission on the land purchased by the settlers. He also hopes to secure agricultural labourers, and in respect of them commission will be paid on the per capita basis. Mr. Van den Brenk will work under the supervision of the immigra- tion officials in London, and officers from England will probably be despatched to Holland in order to approve of intending emigrants. DANISH SETTLERS' TRIP. Arrangements have been made by the Water Commission for representatives of the Danish Club to inspect this week the irrigation districts of the State. The party will be in charge of Mr. F. Bassett, of the Water Commission, and the trip will take in Shepparton, Swan Hill, and the inter- vening settlements. KOO-WEE-RUP SETTLERS. SCHEME OBJECTED TO. BUNYIP, Sunday .—Councillor A. F. Fahey presided over a largely-attended meeting at Iona on Friday night, when the question of the drainage scheme was considered. The meeting was the outcome of the Water Commission's recent visit to Koo-wee-rup Swamp, when settlers were advised to form a water trust. The chief speakers were Messrs. D. Doherty, W. For- syth, F. Rohl, T. Rogers, and R. H. Grum- misch. They, pointed out that the taxation proposed, was too heavy, and would he an unjust burden on the settlers. On the mo- tion of Mr. R. H. Grummisch, seconded by Mr. D. Doherty, the following motion was agreed to:— "That a monster deputation be formed to wait on the Premier to protest against the formation of a water trust, and to ask the Government to carry out the contract which it had com- menced." A committee was formed to carry out the object of the motion. 