OF RURAL INTEREST (Bj "Kiisticus.") The. action of ilia Minister of Lands and tho Minister of Agriculture in the direction of taking stops to "cheek * tlio' inroads of <tko pest known. as St. John's Wort in the BeockwoiTh And Uriglit'districts is timely and necessary. \ cryr targe 'ureas-,of valuable, country are being devastated. In order to cope with the pest and hold-, it in eiieck, the Ministers'- have -deoided , to ask the oo-operation'of the ihunicipali ties' concerned in first of all ascertain ing the actual area infected, whether it is privately held, or .is on pu'b lio roads or Oroivn lands. Immedi ately the information from the muni cipalities "is received oflioers will bo sent up to complete tlio investiga tion as to the infected area. At tlio same time,, officers of the Agricultu ral department will bo told off to in vestigate and report on the proper re medies to be adopted. On receipt ol all iho information the two Mimslors will -submit recommendations to the Cabinet. Tho hope- of fho immigration autho rities now appears to ho in getting British lads as larm workers. Most ui mo xo8 iaus w.io arrived by tho steamer Port Maoqiiurio were engaged promptly lor work on farms in various parts of tho State. Many of the lads ith tho refnitle" an officer aid over the amounts duo to those having a little capital bcli.i.d thorn, facilities were provided to enable tho young emigrants to open s..v.iigs bank accounts, and many availed themselves of tho-.opportunity of commencing a fluid .\vliibh one day they hoped would bo sufficient -to purchase a block in fund l'iom the State. With few ex ceptions tho boys are all of good ph.) - s.que. They, come from all parts o. Great Britain. Another batch or 240 lads for farm work is due to ar rive by the steamer Irishman on lit May. In oider that too ucxit con tingent of lads might bo cleared wiln as' utile delay as possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious that tanners requiring labor snould for ward early advice. The sub-committoo of tb© St-alo ! Cabinet on wnoso advice it was decidi d to abandon tho Malfra Sugar Bee. Factory,-do not appear to have got properly acquainted with* tho real feeling in the district towards the in--i dusiry. Tins was proved by the par ticulars given by the deputation wnie.i waited '011 the Minister of Agrioulture. TJie liiomhurs proved that tho decision to closo • down the factory had "been taken prematurely. Tho Argentine correspondent of the ''Pastoral Review," writing on Decem ber 20tli,' says rtlmt "all the' "meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia aro in lull swing, and tho competition for our eaittlo and sneep is just what our stock- owners aro .thoroughly enjoying. f...eii splendid prices us they are get ting were not dreaiued of twenty years ago. lti-.ports of new moat works in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and I'atagouia aro rue. The future ol tlio wonderful catitlo country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should bo excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lauds aro being secured . by North.-American and British capitalists, and stud cattle are being introduced. There is life and excitement in these countries at las... -Hallways and capi tal will do the rest." Stock prices for freezing are quoted as follows:— Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 21/ to 20/3, good 10/3 to 21/; owes, good to speoiai 21/10 to 27/1; merino wethers, special 10/10 to. '21/, good 17/(3 to 10/3; merino ewes, good and special 21/ to 22/6: steers. Jill/lb/ lo 1:14/8/; cows, ill)/1 i/ to ±.13: and liei i.......-CI/-lw ,.evj/i / : to'BeuU*rii'r''.Voril" tii'—.Tio atulllllb j/.l.I clocks. .With the h'gn puecs . ilia... liuvo Tuioil-for stock ni the past, it is only natural that . ahcbp-owtibrs vih Lurn-Uie.r-uaeiuion to providing.sheep leed in tlio Winter aim caiiy, spring months. •, There can Uo little doubt tliat tlio i'Gar.ou" or- — AlAindanoe" oat is the must particular one for all rounds purposes of tms kind,' It can he sown with satisfactory, results in both, autumn and spring, and it pro vides grain of the best- quality with straw of more than average , quality. When used for sheep leed in ' the early stages; of growth, the Gallon oat iouud to bo particularly palatable to sneep. In one test -tins oat v.as eaiten first' out of 16 varieties trud. lu is l'ound, .'however, that alter Red ing down the oat due's not come an ay again as do some of the other varieties oi oat, and it is thereioio not .argely used lor uutu'iuu sown slioep iced. In some disH'iels in New Zealaal, the Algerian oat is used fairly extensively. Algerians are found to be very satis factory for providing winter feed, and then, 'alter spring leeding, if allo.v m' lb grow' lor seed Iboy give good re turns. They appear to . excel mast bats on light sod, and although the -grain' is coarse and unsuitable lor nul ling, yet when tile slieaves are cut very guyd ehalf is obtained. Tho straw of Algerians is' bright and clean, and 'is particularly free from rust'; The Dun oat is another very popular va riety, and when sown- early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green food throughout the win ter and spring. Further, if it is in tended to bo cut for grain it can be ;fod later in the spring than any other 'variety. Soinotiiues slioop are leit on tho crop (ill "the end of October, and then as niuoli iis 50 and 60 busaels per acre threshed at harvest. Tho Dun oat tillers strongly, and although to the eve there does not appear to he much bulk of food, slieop seem to iind plenty to keep them going for some Uuto. Duns appear to do better when kept woih fed down, as iii most seasons they grow long "weak straw which soon lod ges in wot weather. Many farmers still stick by tho Danish oat for all round purposes. These oats cortaiuiy provide good green feed, and sian.. feeding well, Besides providing satisfac tory grain and chaff. \- In a-recent address, Prof. T. L. Haeckcr, of the MinnesoUa College of ^uci l o n"'(kw~co \v"lulu'' ii''1 n id ro! ise <1' lu Minnesota in tho past twenty years from 2S00 lb. per ouw per year to 4000 lb., tho butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb., or an increase of near ly.; 3, lb. of butler per euw per yeair after twenty years. Ho also gave facts and figure, deducted from a cow cen sus, showing that tho average produc tion of buuer-fat per cow depended not so in noli oil breed as on tho caro and feed given tho cow. The milk production, in other words, was in tho same ratio witli tho amount of intelli gence expended on the herd. Hxperi mepts demonstrated that from a com mon cow the care determined whetlici she produced 100 lb. of 300 lb of bol ter in a year. A now wheat is reported from tile James-town district, South Australia, til five acres sown, two acres were cut for hay, and returned six tons, and the remainder, stripped for grain, yielded .'W hags, which represented an average of about -10 bushels- to tho acre. Tho wheat originally was introduced from the Drange Jliver Colony, South 'Af rica, and is reputed to maturo very early, as uell as having drought-resist ing qualities. 