THE LOW WAGE DELUSION. J&[ 0 axiom is. miore, settled in the conserva tive mind than the dogma that low wages act as a stimulus to production. The persistent craving for black and colored labor has its root in this theory. JDow as agricultural wages are in' almost every country in the world, there is a continuous demand in certain circles for yet cheaper labor. The German agriculturist whose laborers receive an amount . eciuivalent to Is. 7d. per day bitterly complains of a 'dear labor, market, ' and looks with envious eyes towards Russia, where wages are down to a level of tiboiit 'is. per day. Alike in the field, the -mine., and the' factory, the cry is always for cheaper labor:''' The original 'battel slavery of the American Southern b'lV an^ the present day chiid slavery of |t! :te same locality, both sprang from the same % that national production and commer |.i ''X prosperity were only to be attained by |!-, lavages. Widespread and deep-rooted as I-; « theory is, there never was a greater |j ,-'ion from aii /economic standpoint. Pro h « . is a raeaas, .-.'notS; an ;terid.' ./The. real is ' for; is consumption, and the | — 'the rate of consumption of wealth per ^itant in any country, the greater the ^ ?.wvidual and national prosperity of that oiintry. It niusjt - ^.e apparent tliat tlie ^direct st * ,v*ous result of a lowering qf the aptlard rate of wages in any country is a oiresponding decrease in consumption. \--,1 a decrease in consumption of wealth, induction must;|lso fall. Therefore low ps, instead of increasing the production j th per inhabitant, must infallibly crease the total production' of health. The i arp' ^°i° a®r*eil^m'al laborer whose wages ' '! Per day produces, wheat, it is; true, 1 le does not; consume wlieaten |)read. That is -a luxury quite beyond his means. The Danish agricultural laborer produces some of the finest butter in the world — and consumes margarine. Butter to him is an unattainable luxury. This is the real .cause and root of the ever-increasing vociferous clamor for ' foreign' markets. For the purpose of maintaining control, or obtain ing possession of' foreign markets,' dread noughts and armaments spring into being. Low wages, therefore, besides actually les sening the production of wealth, are in directly responsible for the colossal waste of war and warlike preparations. Low wages always mean deprivation and degrad ation to the real producers of wealth in;any country. Yet, there are classes who profit by low wages. The landlord profits, be cause where men are cheap, land becomes dear, and high rents can be exploited. . Money kings and the manipulators of stocks and bonds also , profit' by reason of heavy premiums for underwriting loans ,for mili tary purposes. High wages, on .the.; other hand, enormously stimulate protluctipUi^by reason Aof the increased demands of' the community for actual consumable wealth. ? Population' flows liaturally to high wage centres without any .aid from immigration booiusters and specious advertising. The ? low wage delusion has- been carefully fos tered by Earth Lords and Money Lords for uncounted centuries,- and whilst these classes and 'their parasites controlled -popular educa tion this delusion appeared like' an impreg nable truth. ? The civilised; world to-day needs a new political economy *upon whose - title page should be emblazoned the motto, ^ ' High wages mean national prosperity.' ; 