Imllnigrauts " Make Good." Among the thousands of immigranta who -have recently come to Australia, some'odd oned have failed to do any good for thoemselves, or for this country, as they would probably do in any other country. Those few failures, and their expressed discontent with this splendid country of ours have beene seized upon in some quarters its excuses for opposing our immigration systemn, which is op. posed under the absurd idea that min and women insuaigrants, the great need of Australia in order to promote develop. moLat nad provide for defence, will do. prive some of our own people of employ. umet. So much has been made of the matter of a few failures, that the follow ing extract from notes given tunder above heading in the iallarat "Courier" com. mands attention: "Gratifying evidence of the success achieved by immigrants who have come to Victoria to work on the land con. tinues to be received by the Immigration authorities. The following are char acteristic abstracts from a file of cor respondence which has been placed in the hands of the Minister in Charge of Immigration, Mr Ilagelthorn :-One letter is froim a farmer at 3furrayville, and relates to a couple of Danish lads who have been working for him. It sys: 'These two lads are a credit to their country and to the person who selected them. More intelligentl peple it would be hard to find. They arc used to machinery and horses, and havejearin ed enough English to understanld any. thing they are told to do.' Another farmer in the same district:wrote, regard ing two British lads: 'Bothil ar now at work, and are giving complete satisfae. tion. They are satisfied witih their living conditions. They alsy they ex pected to rough it, but they do not call their lives here roughing it, by any nmeaus. 'Pcrmit me to congratulate your department on the selection of these lads. If all the lads who come out are of thil type of these two, farmers will have nuthiug to complain of.' A lad writes : '1 have been out here four years, and it gives me great pleasure to say that I lave got on well. I have saved £16itin that time. I also ilnduced three brolhers to come out some timle aiter I arrived. They are both doing well; onle 1has saved £11, the other two about £70 between them.' Smnerous otlher similar instances WIere quoted to. day by Mr llagelthorn." 