CONGRESS IN ROME. NATIONAL CONGRESS OF WOMEN. The quinquennial congress of tho National Council of Women will be held this year at thc Quirinal Hotel, Borne, from May 5 to 14. Delegates from Australia have already boen chosen, and it is hoped they will all bo able to attend, as this congress is one of world- wide interest. Mrs. Henry Dobson, of the Tasmanian Council, will be present as the Australian president. Mrs. Vickory is the chosen dele- gate for immigration, and splendid papers have been prepared for her by Mrs. Barff. Mrs. Martin Donahoe will represent the health committee, and will read papers prepared by Dr. Grace Boelke. Mrs. Arthur Lassetter is to advocato better laws for women, and. the annihilation of the white slave traffic, the particulars of these two subjects coming from Miss Bose Scott and Mrs. Nolan, Miss Suther- land stands-for education, and will deliver a lecture prepared by Miss Eidlor, who has had so much to do-with university, women. Miss Edith Ery, who will' urge universal suf- frage and the granting of .the .rights of citizenship to women, will read a paper pre- pared by Miss Bose Scott, who as. well ls responsible for the general report of the National Council of Women here. Subjects for debate havo already' been put before the different committees. The women of Prance wish that a standing committee be formed to consider trades, professions, and employments for women. Danish women advocate a standing committee on temporáneo. Thé peace committee desires that every Gov- ernment be persuaded to uso mediation, even where the most vital issues aro concerned, and, above all, this committee is anxious that provision be made for the. protection of women and the prevention of wrongs.against women in time of war-the need for legisla- tion in this direction was shown during tho Turko-Bulgariau war. ' Other reforms under debate will concern the equal rights of parents in regard to chil- dren, and it is proposed that a State authority be empowered "to make a decision where the parents aro unable to come to an agreement. Tho combined National Councils will discus» the necessity of juvenile1-(courts which.we in .Australia are fortunato enough to ' have al- ready), aud permiss for women to preside over these courts (Some Australia possesse this right, being ahead of the other , States already in eight othor social reforms . Still other pressing needs have arisen since the congress of 1909, and debates will ensue upon the need of legal provision being made for the maintenance of wives and-children, and also for deserted wives and children, whether legitimate or illegitimate. Women of different nations aro anxious that girls be instructed in .the laws: affecting women and children, as well as in the civic duties devolving upon women; that it be made compulsory for all employment and agency bureaus to obtain licenses; that authorised ' supervision be made for immigrant girls trav- elling on board ship at prosent they are alleged to be under the care of the stewardess, who, however, has her time too much occu- pied for chaperonage of these girls; and that definite steps be taken for the suppression 'of houses of ill-fame. \- During -the evening the Countess of Aber- deen will preside over public lectures. ' The subjects already chosen are:-Life of women in rural districts, including rural professions for women, and how to make life attractive in rural districts; juvenile delinquency, its cause and means of prevention, with its attendant arguments for.recreation as a pre- ventive, and the necessity of proper play- grounds; and, finally, the' economic aspects of women's work, bringing forward for discus- sion the unpaid services of housewives. Australia's and San Francisco's invitations to members of the Women's Councils will be considered during the conference. . Tho Norwegian women have been asked to extend their, hospitality for the next quin- quennial congress, to take placo at Christi ania in 1919. 