NEWS SUMMARY. .Monday's intent! heat was respon sible lor* a large number oi outbreaks ot lire in country districts, somo of which caused considerable damage. A Ministerial iMM'cri.ueo wul con sider suggestions tor encouraging a^n eultur.sts from Groat Uritam and iNt-r thern Kuropo to settle in Victoria. Surprise lias boon causal by tho an jioiuiri mint <>) tho Ytsignatiun of Mr. S. Grifliihs from tho position of sti pendiary steward oi 1 Ho V.K.C. Never b.foio had tho stall' at tho Melbourne General Po.^t Office bc.ii laced bv such heavy mails as those dealt nitJi during the Christmas sea-on jn>i- passed. hi dc.struovion and damage to Siato timber aU.no it has been estimated by tii- Fnr.stiy dipartment that lomst lire* last your caused a lo.ss <»f £100,01)1) worth of property. Tlio holiday season brought forwa d its usual list of casualties and acci dents, tho column-; of t.ie daily press being over well supp'id in this direc tion. IKnry Kothorby, dairyman, a Labor alderman in tho lfrnken 11 ill City Cou . cil. was lined £5 and X: 1/7/0 costs for having ottered for sal«> . adulterated milk - 'J'lie r» vemio collected at tho Custom Jiouso on J)ecemb r 21) amounted to: -lU veu»M>, £11M00/12/-I; Saw,*, £:s . 2/: coni uigeih, £ii111/122/ r pilotage, £102 Hi;; whauago, £070/7/1. Monday's weather was very trying in Melbourne. Th.> maximum ofhc:al registration was DDdeg., but at Gaunt's 101.7 dog. Wii.s recorded. .Tuesday was also hot, dnsiv and oppressive. A father was drown d at Nagambie on Mt-u.uiy in atuniptmg to save tho lile of his infant, who had fall, n over born d from a bent. Too child also p. rish d. A nil.tor party on its way from In verell to Kemp-ey nu:t whh a serion. mishap on Sunday, when about 30 mill's 1mm the latter p.aeo. The stcr ing-gear went wrong, and tho car run over a cutting, falling s.nuu *10ft. It was then caught by a tree. Tile five ocvupants were violently tossed out. Ono Mts'ui.neo a fractured skull and broken rib.-, anotiier injuries to a should, r, and a third injuries to tho head. l\rsens liable to pay interne tax are reminded tnati tho fir.->t batch of re turns miist lia lodged by the begin ning of February. These refer to incomes consisting.sol.lv of salaries, wages, allowances pensions, or rents. Any b; neiit in audition to, or as p.in of salary, such as heard and lodging, is ngankd as inoame. Returns from business people are not due until tho beginning ot March. According to the latest in:'.".®. from Thursday Isar.d. whose wir . L-ss station is' .n coinmun cation with tlu Ditidi liner Tasiuui, the s.raided v<:.\ sel has 13ft. <.f waver in the hold, ani her <'haiiee of gelt'ng off the reef i. regarded as d:.ubc»ui. Th.i Tasman went ashore on Hiv.mbio C'av, whicn is situated at the norkh-east entranc.? to Torres Siraits, while on a voyage from Australia to Java. An unsatisfactory condit'on of af fair.; is d sclosed in an ofiici.il report, whicli shows that the How of w..ter from the artrs;an bores throughout X.S.W. continu :s to dinii lish. In Y-)2 bores gauged th.r.» was found to be a reduction in tho Jle.w at tho rate ?.of 7.7 per cent for tlio year. This fact is stated in the report to present a strong argument in favour of tho supervision which is <*.\orrisi'd bv tho State in connection with tlio effective betiding of the casing of ali bores sunk and in favour of the control of the bores after completion to prevent waste of water. A strike' took piaco at Wmehe'sea on Saturday mornng Inst amongst tho rural workers, when between 00 and 70 men struck work. Th y demanded tho rural workers' log rate of wages. SM per day, eight hours, and food, or !()/ extra and find thems; Ives. A few of the farmers are giving the leg rato of wages. A large meeting ot tlu rural producers took plaeo in the Shire Hall oil Saturday, when it was decided by tho meeting that they would not pay tho men tho log rates of 8/4 per , day, eight hours, and" food. It was I decided that they would assist one an other to finish tneir work. At a im oiing of the Water Supply Commission tho undermentioned appl - cations for land in the irrigation area* worn approved:-Snepparum-11. \V. Thomp.M.u, allouuviu 03, section I). ICoyuga-A. Coiuparo, allutnuiu 27. Comma--F. .Vaie; alhKinonts 11c, 11(1, He, section f>. liama.vm-Mr», K. 11. Sheaf, allotment 75.i; D. NV. Irish, allotments 70 and 70.i. Wirr.be.' '1'. W. Fowler, jnn., alloiin.nt> OS and part t»7, section D. Tho 'tender o» iho Xorthoin Timber Company at 13/ was accepted t\\-r the erection oi' a settler's housa at Tongala. ' Advioo was rece.ved hy cablo mo>sag on Monday thao tlm H.M.S. Oiwuy and tho s.s. CoinmoiiwoaUh had kU Loudon on l)*.cvi»bt»r 1U and *2 i resptt lively with assisted passengers Victoria. On board ,the. U.M.S. CK way are 7 faun wo»-ker>, -}0 nenunatea passengers, and U Untish lads, Tha s.s. Coinnuinwialth is br.ngmg 2 land' soekcrs, witii a capital of £500, 7 farm workers, 7-1 .nominated passeng ers, and 0 lads". . A small party ox immigrants arr«v^<i by the K.jd.S. Orvieto on ^lonclay. The newcomer oonsist ov 12 Danish agricultural la borers, 3 noiumaud passeiigtM's, and 0 Ja<ls. r^* During tho past few months there has been a satisfactory increase in i mi way revenue. Accord.ng to an offi cial return, made avu.labb on Mon day, a revenue of £l',521,800, was de rived by tho department during tho period from July 1 to December 21, or £113/,h">5 moro than during tho cor responding term of last year. The principal mcru\ses wtro £98.027 from goods, traflio,. £20,517 from jive stock traffic^ £13,1157 irom* passenger' trat iic, and £-1-105 from parcels , iraflie. During the' seven days ended December 21, tho rewipis amounted to £110,312, or £8015 more than during tho same week of lust year. There was an in crease of £11,208 in respect of good., traflio; but a dfcreasa of £2331 van shown in respect of passenger traflio. Upturns oi tho Cnrisunat/ traffic on tho Victorian railways show that though the bookings were in excess cf those of last year less lweime was received. During the period from Do oembar 10 to_ Decvmbv-r 27 inclusive 31,181 exeur.d..nij.ts bo;.k.'d av Spenc r street station, and wire rcspqii;iblc-for a revL»nu» of £21,310; During ti.n . same, period of last year 29,696 pur sons gavo a ivvcmiu of C21,7&1\. At I'Tiiukrs street station the number or the bookings to inland vcsortB from pecembar 20 to December 28 inclus ive was 14.104, and tho receipts am ounted to £831 i. As compared wjth the same period of last year, there was an inereaso of 2J)20 passengers and a decreaso in revenue to tho extent of £713. TJiu Aiistr.iJ'nii Vdiidi villa Artists' A.-Buciutmn complain that tlio vuu<l - villi! tlii'ati'o i:i:m;ig;nunts of X.S.W. ami other States li:ivt> instituted ;i syitom of boycott n»iinst Austmliaii artists. At a large'y atti'iulwl meet iiig of tlu> ass«oiatiun it was decidiil to affiliate with thu Politi-nl ^alior Luiimii! and the Lalinm-. Council, uutl tn cirenlarisn ovory 'union, anil labour league in tho State, pointing out the state of affairs existing, and askin" member* of leagues and unions' to n° train from lmtronising' theatrical sho«B winch employ imported artists to the exolusiou of local talent. With refevonco to n complaint made hy tho Federal Treasurer (Sir .Jnim Forrest) about tlio delay being caused in tho construction of tho transconti nental (ra/ilway, tho I'rimo Minister (Jlr. Cook) takes tlio satno view i.f Uu. matter as tho Federal Treasurer. ?,lr. Cook said:-"A peculiar position arisen, ami tlio question for the Ouv crnniont in general, arid tlio Homo At faics department in particular, is what is to lio done in the eircumstaueos. 1 nfiroo with .Sir John Forrest that the present rato of const ruction is hijiiiiy unsatisfactory. Tho whole <jucri\ ,n is further complicated by a lcportu I scarcity of sleepers." 