TANGO TEAS. DOWDY DAMSELS DRAPES. Pretty Percies Peer for Piquant Peris But Granny's Peg- tops Gruel the tiame.g (By "Sally Swanne.") The spacious Tivbli was thronged on Tuesday afternoon last, when the first of the muchrdiscussed "Tango Teas" took place. Womenkind (and not a few of the men folk) had been looking forward to this event, and accepted the invitation of Mr. Mcintosh, or else paid to be present. The curtain rose on half-a-dozen girleens sitting In a drawing-room, hung with heavy red velvet curtains, arrayed in modern gowns, after a few moments these damsels strolled , off the stage to give place to the musical four, whose versatility with zylophones, drums, cornets, bells and queer-looking musical instruments, caused them to receive much applause. But everyone was on the ' qui vive" to see the "Tango" gojvns /id "other things." Well, the gowns were distinctly disappointing, and as each maiden came down the stage with slow waltz steps,, waving her arms in time to the music, and then down a long dais with a strong electric light thrown on, one got a clear view of each gown and wearer. The first gown of pale blue charmeuse had a crushed appearance, and the bunch of violets catching up the back draperies of the short skirt looked decidedly crushed. The next gown looked better, its wearer being tall, and the frock itself was of shot green and blue satin, with iridescent net draping it, and the iong pointed train. The next damsel came on in a sort of ragtime, evidently having no ear for usic, and displayed a swathed orange own. - . Rather smart was a black gown with - iered tunic, edged with cherry, the slit kirt and train being rather well dislay by the manequin. The treat of the afternoon, however, as the delightful dancing of the Gills, rother and sister. Sister is a sweetly retty little thing in a black skirt slit to the knee, tiered tunic, wide folded herry waist-belt, and a quaint little ango hat of jet and tulle frills tied under the chin, with black velvet trings. She and her brother dance as ne, and their efforts were heartily en- iid such is h danger to the industrial and political life* of the nation and its citizens. The unification. of Australian States a Central Government powerful to legislate for the people,- trong enough to break illegal monopolies • to curb predatory trusts, combinations and corporations-that damage r injure the State or people, and strong to control internal forces considered to be inimical to the welfare of the nation, and to defend and uphold the Australian National Independence, would be the ideal Government for Australians. I,may mention here, that Australians no use for England or any other nation MEDDLING IN ITS AFFAIRS. patriotic Australians want complete They are perfectly willing to receive Englishmen or women as immigrants, if sane, efficient, industrious, and willing to become Australian citizens, and they are equally willing to receive German. Danish, Norwegian, Russian, Scotch, Welsh, Irish, or Americans on the same conditions. In addition to the above simple all that Australians ask that they be of the whitfe race. Australia is the only white country left in the temperate zone, outside of Europe, where large areas of fertile lands are vacant, and Australians are determined o keep it white at all risks. cored, but how anyone could expect to learn all those intricate steps for ordinary ballroom dancing* beats me, and think if one's partner was a duffer. Certainly to be p.roficent in the tango it would be necessary to stifik to one partner and practice daily. Among the audience were many men. I saw Cliff Penny with his better-half, various bank johnnies, and other hardworked civil servants. Well, if they came to see the parade of tango petticoats etc., they must have been disappointed, if they expected something piquant, for anything more dowdy than the elaborated bloomers I never saw. They reminded me of the pantaloons worn in our great gradmother's times. Goose and baggy, and coming almost to" the ankles, thp^ do not make for grace or chaTm in any. way, and was it necessary to pick out such thin girls to show them off? One male was heard to say: "What ha§ become of our wellrounded surf-bathers?" One might hink it took some courage to parade in ango petticoats, but these modest, not to say dowdy, garments, hiding all shapeliness axe not so conspicuous as the recent tight skirts, etc. Afternoon tea and ices were provided, and an enjoyable vaudeville programme, Messrs. Vaude and Verne (patterologists), Ferry Corwey (musical clown), and Miss Addie Leigh (soprano) all contributing. Noticed in Hay-street on Tuesday, chatting with hubby, Mrs. Tom Coombe. who had returned from the East that day. Mrs. Tom's pretty face was almost hidden in one of the new closefitting" velvet toques, topping a smart frock. Judging by the number of these velvet toques worn at the tango tea, they are going to be done to death. 