DOMINIONS COMMISSION'S REPORT FURTHER DETAILS. Australasian Matters. London, Wednesday.—The report of the Dominions. Commission states that the members ai'e deeply impressed by the desire of all 1 classes throughout Aus- tralasia to deal with the British Empive lather than with foreign nations —not only a tariff preference, but a clear, dis tinct preference 'based on sentiment and patriotism. Discussing migration, the report states that labor- saving machinery is much inoio used in agriculture in Australia aud New Zealand than in Europe. Com parisons show that the proportion of population engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits is smaller in Austra lasia than iv the United States and many European countries, and tin; town population is excessive. Since the mot her country is already dependent upon the oversea dominions for a coiisidei-a'lile proportion of her food supplies and raw material, the com mission is impressed by the desirable ness of as large a portion as possible of the dominions being occupied by a popu lation which will assist, in the develop ment of their primary resources/ The best ago for emigrants is 'from 16 to 24 years, and it is pointed out that the town-bred youth often finds his feet quicker in the new environment over sea tiian does the rustic. Australia's and New Zealand's lcquirements can be largely fulfilled by well-disposed youths, whom environment in the United King "dom has forced into "blind alley" cm ployments and youths ifrom the indus trial schools. ; Tho commission has not found auy ovidenco that only those who follow ag riculture in the old country cau .become successful agriculturists in the now. There is a strong undercurrent of op position in Australia and New Zealand to emigration, principally among the ur ban -wage-earners and artisans, who re gard immigration as likely to increase the 'Competition in the skilled labor mar kot. The commission "believes that, this hostility arises mainly from the present defects in the immigration system. Discussing female emigration, the re port states that the surplus in Britain is mainly resident in the towns, and is made up principally of elderly ladios and women servants. The first are not pos sible emigrants, and the servants can ill be spared, as the ranks of the female domestics have been depleted .by the demands of commerce and industry in the United Kingdom of to-day compar ed with 20 years ago. The commission ers intend to deal with this matter in greater detail in their final report. Dealing rwith the difficulty of family migration, the commissioners state that the parents are often too old X.o settle comfortably. A man is tompted to es tablish himself iprematurely as a farm owner or tenant, and ready-made farms , are non-existent to. any large extent. Fanning on the share system, which is extending in Australia, is a highly com mendable system. The organisation of family migration will entail considerable public expense before an ideal system is reached. Tne roport recommends the. fuller use of-the methods adopted at the Pitt Town farm, Now South Wales, which the commis sioners characterise as "an admirable institution." The report says.it is undesirable, ro leave the duty, of describing- the. attrac tions of the 'Dominions to- interested agents. Thore exists a widespread feel ing, which the commission*, considers, to lie justified, that misrepresentation .ia common enough-—though are few eases of actual fraud7l7: ; - 777 The possibility of:'making greater use of the. "British labor exchanges deserves close..attention; particularly.'in -.connec tion with juvenile emigration. '? 7 The commission reconimonds greater co- operation /between the Home and the Australasian 'Governnients regarding the migration of discharged" Indian soldiers, many of whom are willing to go to Aus tralia and New Zealand, .but they find a difficulty, .though they are alrendy ac customed to a climate more trying than that of -Northern Australia. The sav ing by the direct.., migration of these, from India TwouM allow of considerable financial assistance to such emigrants. The commissioner.-- are favorably im pressed- with? tho 'German settlements in Queensland and' South Australia, and the Danish/Swedish, and- Norwegian -farm ers in Victoria. Such migration,- they say, would mean a wholesome addition to tho population of New Zealnud-7 and South Australia. - .- .-:-.: "Regarding- the Suez Canal, the connnis. sion is impressed with the'-'canal's capa city to deal,_iwithoufc, undue delay; ? with 15,000 ships,* as against thejpresent 5000, provided l certainitraflic ''regulations' are obsorved. It is-also, impressed' with the increasing a-bilityVitoKtate vessels of deep draught"7 7'Tho. can ali;-will- havo a depth~of 30ft; 1 Ibut sioners add it isjdouhtf-ul whether, this will- bo sufficient -to'-proVide -for. -the necessities of a quick* ocean seryice 7 to Australia; ; ; 7; ' : '*77' /'.? ! iyy- : -- i:^:'/. The fact that the Panama Canal gives ; a depth of :40ft. will accelerate' the 'al ready rapid .increase 7-in tho'.'Bize7a'nd draught of : ocean-carriers.-?? 7-7 It is doubtful 'Whether the 7 authorities 7con-; trolling the "Australian-and New- Zealand harbors are properly.' alive to ;? the quick; increase,; in ?; draught ' which 77 isV: ; ?iii prospect. ??-";-? The. proper starisard -is 40ft, and, except; at "Sydney, ~ Ho t-art', -Wellington, and' Auckland, the facilities . at the; various ports, aro considerably below tho ?'- standard. Tho "commissioners'- state that "they can not urgo too strongly, on-the governing bodies of the ports that thoy r should do vote barnost-' consideration to : the pro blem of deepening their harbors' 7 The report goes on toVsay' that" any somi-automatic renewal of .'-the''mail con tract, .with only a slight improvement iii speed l and' conditions and a:slight de crease ;ih cost, would :'ha inadequate as a solution of the mail- problem,* which needs.-'"to be handled on -.-broader lines, (""riving full .consideration to all variants, -particularly speed restrictions in tho Suez Canal, there ar o grave reasons for doubting tho reality of competition un der the present arrangements. .The continuance of a quasi-monopoly for a long poriodi will probably work against the development of shipping, as it removes a great incontivo to tho cpu struction of fastor ships. No mail con tract can he -satisfactory which does not .provide -for a son speed' considerably in excess of that of unsubsidised'lines. , The commission calls attontion to-tho complaint that tho outward bills of lad ing are out of date, and are unduly com plicated' in favor "of. the shipowners as against their customers. Nevertheless, thero is evidence that many companies have granted redress which they are not legally compelled to give. There is evidence that the strength of tho shipping ring in London is so great that coin-bined action by the importers is of little avail. The report draws attention to the pos sibility of amending the United King dom law in order to bring it in line with the Australian Sea Carriage Act of 1904. The reportt comments on the anomaly of the Commonwealth charging a ter minal rate of od per word for the trans mission of cables by the Pacific lino, whereas the New Zealand' charge is Id. The opinion is expressed that the New Zealand cable rate-should be reduced' to 2/8 per word. The Pacific 'Cable Board has not shown the enter.prisG which might reasonably be expected. A laudable desire to abol ish deficits has obscured its vision to larger and more urgent duties. To spend £2,000,000 on a cable, and then leave the line comparatively, idle two thirds of the day, is not commercially politic or even common sense. *'? The report gives details of the pro posal of tho British 'Cotton .Growing As. sociation to establish cotton growing in Australia, which tho Commonwealth and Queensland Covernmeuts have ac cepted. The Commissioners deny that experience has shown that cotton can only ho successfully grown by black la bor. On the contrary, 75 .per cent, of the labor in Texas is white. It is pos sible that tho Maltese will furnish just the typo of labor required for the indus try in Queensland. It is estimated that cotton-picking in Australia would cost 3d-per pound, but there is evidence that the quality of the Australian cotton will be such as to jus tify tho;;exipecta'tipn that a higher price will .lie secured for it than for that rais ed 7ih most cotton-growing countries. There is also the possibility of a cotton picking machine reducing the importance of the Australian labor factor. It should also be possible to organise the small cotton growers into associations, for .picking their crops co-operatively. ?While admitting that hides are damag ed hy branding, the Commissioners state that the natural remedy is to differen tiate between the price of the hides ?branded' as tho tanners suggest, and those branded as thoy are at presont. The roport doos not recommend more stringent regulations regarding glucose in leather. The Commissioners urge uniformity in legislation and regulations regarding foods aud drugs. Tho agricultural, mineral, and fores try rosonrces of Australia are to be treated in the Commission's final report; also the matter -of better facilities for tho handling of meat and fruit, upon which investigations are still proceed ing. Tho Commissioners are also making further inquiries in regard to into-Im perinl exhibitions, and the desirableness of an Imperial Development Board. 