Rural Notes. » (By "Rusticus.1') The &<ftioji of the Minister of Lands and the Minister of Agriculture in the direction of taking steps to cheok tlic inroads of the pest known as St. Jonn's Wort in the Beechworth and Jbrighc districts is timely and necessary. Very large areas of valuable country are being devastated-. In order to cope witn the pest and hofd it in check, the Ministers have decided te ask the co- cpera-tlon of the municipali ties concerned in first" of all ascertain ing the actual area infected, whether it is .privately held, or is on pub lic roads or Crown lands. Immedi ately the information iroin the muni cipalities is received officers will be sent up to qomplete the investiga tion as to the infected area. At tlio same itime, officers of the Agricultu ral department will bo told off to in vestigate and report on the proper re medies to be adopted. -Gd receipt of all the information tho two Ministers #ill submit recommendations to the Cabinet. The hope of the immigration autho rities now appeal's to'lie in get ting British lads as farm workers. Most of rtho 2(38 Jacis who arrived by the steamer Port Maoquarie wero engaged promptly for work ou farms in various parts of the Slate. Many /if tho lads "had deposited small sums with tho London "authorities before commencing the voyage. The money was remitted to the State Treasury, and an officer paid over tho amounts duo to those having a little capital behind thorn . Facilities were-provitl d to enable the young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of t:ie opportunity of commencing a I fund which one day they hoped would be sufficient ito purcuase a blrick of ! land from the State. With few ex ceptions tho boys are all of good phy sique. They como from all parts of Great Britain. Another batch of 240 lads for farm work is due to. ar rive by the steamer IrishiJiSil ro?i 11th -May. In order that the nest con tingent of lads might bo oleared wjtli as little delay as possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious that Farmers requiring labor should for ward early advice. The sub committee of the State Cabinet on whosa advico it was decided to abandon tho Maffra Sugar Beet Factory, do not appear to havo got properly acquainted wirth the red feeling in the district towards the in dustry. This was proved by the par ticulars given by (the deputation whicb waited on tho Minister of Agriculture. ] Tho members proved that the decisioD to close down the fact&f;'y had ueen taken n rcmaturcly. The Argentine correspondent of tilt "Pastoral Review." writing on Decem ber 20'-h, says ithat "all the inra1# works from Uruguay to Patagonia are in full swing, and the competition foi our. cattle and sheep is just what.oui stock- owners are thoroughly enjoying. S'.ich splendid prices as they are get ting wove not dreamed of itwenty years ago. R'-iports of new meat works in JLJrugjjay, Paraguay, Argentina, and Patagonia are rife. The future ot the wonderful cattle country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should bo excellent.. Va'fet tracts o¥ -'good pastoral lands are being secured by North American and Br'tisli capitalists, and stud cattle are being introduced. There js life and excitement in these countries at last-. Railways and capi tal will do the rest." Stock Prices for freezing arc quoted .is follows:— Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 211 to 2G/3. gocd 19/3 to 21/; ewes, good to special 21/10,-to 27/1; merino wethers, . special ID/TO to 121/, good 17/6 to 19/3; merino -owes, pood find special 21/ to 22/6; steers, £11/14/ to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and he> tars, £6/11/ to £9/5/. In the many districts the plough can be at work ou the stubblo pad docksi With the high priccs that Jjuyo ruled for stock m the past, Jt is only natural that sheep-owners ill turn their attention to providing sheep feed in the winter and early spring months. There can bo little doubt that the-"Garion" or "Abundanoe" oafc is the most particular one for all round purposes of this kind.- It can be sown with satisfactory results iu both autumn and spring, and it pro- i vides grain of the best quality with straw or more than average ijuahty. When used for sheep feed in the early stages of growith, the Garton oat is found to be particularly palatable to siieep. In one test this oat, Mas eaten first out of 16 varieties tried*. It is found, however, that after feed ing clown tho oat does not come away again as do some of the other \arienes of oafc, and it is therefore not largely used lor autumii sown sheep feed. In soiiiu districts in New Zealand, the Algerian oat is fee'd fairly extensively. Algerians are found to be very satis factory for providing winter feed, and then, after spring leeding, if aliotv-sd lo grow lor seed they give good re turns. They appear to excel mast oats1 'on light soil, and although the grain is coarse and unsuitable for mil ling, yet when the sheaves are cut very g^ed chaff is obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, ami is particularly free fronl rust. The Dun oat is another very popular va riety, and when sown early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feed throughout the win ter and spring. Further, if it is) in tended io be cut for grain it can bo fed later in the spring than any other variety. Sometimes sheep are left on the crop till the end of October, and then as muoh as 50 and 60 bus'aels per aero threshed at harvest. The DUil cat tillers strongly, and although to the eye there does not appear to bo macll bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty to keep them going for some "time-. Duns, appear to do better -vV-heh kept well fed down, as in most seasons they grow long weak straw whioh soon lod ges in wet weather. Many farmers still stick by tho Danish oatt for all round purposes. These bats certainly provide good green feed,, and stand teeding well, besides providing satisfac tory graiii jlnd chaff. In a recent address, Prof. T. L Haccker, of the Minnesotta College, of Agriculturo, showed how the milk pro duction per cow had Been increased in Minnesota in the past twenty years from 2800 lb. per cow per year to 4000 lb., tho butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb., or an increase of near ly 3 lb. of butter per cow per yeiitf after twenty years. He also1 gavo facts and figures deducted from a cow cen sus, showing that tho average produc tion of butter- fat per cow depended not so muoh on breed as on .the care and feed given the cow: The enilk production, in other words, was in the same ratio with ill3 amount of intel'i genee expended on tho herd. Experi ments demonstrated that from a. coin mon cow the) cai;o .determined whetnei she produced 10G lb: of 300 lb bf but ter in a year. A new wheat is reported from the Jamestown district, South Australia. Of five acres sown, two acres were cut for hay, and returned six tons, rind. the? remainder, Stripped for grain, yielded 39 bags, which represented an average bf about 40 bushels to the aore. The wh&at; originally was introduced from the lOf&iigg; Rivef Colotiy, South Af rica, atid i§ ffeputed to matures vefy <jarty; as W©ll as having dreugfckt'&isfc; iftg 