OF RURAL INTEREST (By "Rmticus.") Tlw.aotien of the Minuter of Lands nnd the Minister of Agrioulture in the direction of taking steps 'to' check the inroads of (the pest Known >as St. - John's Wort in the Beechwortjh- and Bright districts is timely and necessary.1 Very large areas of valuable country are "being devastated. - In order to cope with the pest and hord . it> in chuck., the ^Ministers have derided to ask the co-operation of the municipali ties conoerned in .first, of all ascertain ing the . actual area .infected, - whether it is privately held,- 6r is" on pub lib roads or Grown lands. Immedi ately the information from the muni cipalities is received officers will be sent , up to complete the investiga tion as io the infected area. At the same itime, officers, of the Agricultu ral department , will b,e toljl off to in vestigate and report on the proper re medies <to be adopted. On receipt of all the information the two Ministers will submit recommendations to the Cabinet;. The hop* of the immigration autho- . rities now appears to he in getting British lads as farm workers. Most of the 288 lads , who arrived by the steamer Port Macquarie' were engaged promptly for work on farms in Various parts of,the State. Many of the lads1' had deposited' small dums ' with the London authorities before commencing the voyage. The money was remitted 10 the State Treasury, and an officer paid, over (lie amounts due to those having a little capital behind them. Facifeies were provided to enable the young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of the opportunity of commencing a fund .whioh one day they hoped would be sufficient ito' purcnase a block - ot land from the State. With few ex ceptions the boys are all of good phy-. ■ique. They coine from all parts ol Great Britain. Another batch of 240 lads for farm work is due to ar rive by the steamer Irishman on llcii May. In order that the nest con tingent of lads might be- cleared with as little delay as possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious. that farmers requiring, labor Bhould for ward early advice. The sub-committee of the State Cabinet on whose advice iit was decided to abandon the' Maffra Sugar Beet Factory, do not. appear to have got properly acquainted' with. the real feeding in the district towards the in dustry. This was proved by; the par ticulars given by (the deputation which waited on the Minister of Agriculture. The members proved, that the decision to close down the factory had been taken prematurely. The Argentine correspondent of the "Pastoral Review," writing on Decem ber 20th, says (that "all the meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia are in full awing, and the "competition for our caittle and sheep is just what our •tock- owiiers are thoroughly enjoying. Suoh splendid prices as they are get ting were not dreamed of (twenty years ago. Reports of new meat works in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and: Patagonia are riie. The future of the wonderful cattle country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should be excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lands are being secured by North American and British capitalists. and stud cattle are being- introduced^ There is life .and excitement in these countries at last. Bailways and capi tal will do the rest." Stock prices for freezing are quoted as follows:— Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 21/ to 26/3, good 19/3 to 21/; owes, good to 6peoial 21/10 (to 27/1; merino, wethers, special 19/10 to '21/, good 17/6 to 19/3; merino ewes, good and special 21/ to 22/6; steers, £11/14/ to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and hei fers, £6/11/ to £9/5/. In the man; districts the plough can be seen at work on the stubble pad docks. With the high prices that have ruled for stock in the past, it is , only natural that sheep-ownere vill turn their attention to providing sheep feed in the .winter and early spring months. . There can be little doubt that the "Garton" or "Abundanoe" oat is the most particular one for all-, round purposes of this kind. It can .be sown with satisfactory results in both autumn and spring, and it pro . rides grain of the best quality with, straw of more than average quality. When used for sheep feed in ihe early stages, of growith, the Garton oat is found to be particularly palatable to sheep. In one test this oat was eaten first out of 16 varieties triad. It is found, however; that, after feed ing down the oat does not come away" again as do some of the other varieties of oat, and it is therefore not largely used for autumn sown sheep feed. In some districts in New Zealand, ' the Algerian oat is used fairly extensively. Algerians are found to. be very .satis factory for providing winter feed, and then, after spring feeding, if allo.vocl to grow for seed" they give good re turns. ■ They appear to excel most oats on light soil, and although the grain is ooarse and unsuitable for mil iing, yet when the sheaves are cut very goal chaff is .obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, and is particularly free from rust. The Dun oat is another very popular va riety, and when sown earl; enough, say March., it provides a liberal quan tity of green feed throughout the win . tor and spring. Further, if it ia. in tended io be cut for grain it can be '.- fed,later in the spring.than any other • variety. Sometimes sheep are left \- on the .crop till -£he end of October, | and then as'much as 50 and 60 bus'aels \- ; per gore threshed at harvest. The piui oat tillers strongly, and although i o the eye there does not appear to he much i . bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty. . - to 'keep them going' for some time. • Duiis -appear to do better when kept \- irelf fed down, as in most seasons tl'ey grow long weak stran; which soon tod 's - gee ,in wet weather. Many farmers still", stick by. the Danish oart for. all round purposes. These oata certainly \- provide good green feed, 'and stand feeding welly besides providing satisfab- - tory grain and chaff. ; .In a recentvaddreas, Prof. T. L;. . Haeoker, of the Minnesotta College of. Agriculture, showed how the milk nro ; ductionper oowhad been increased in Minnesota in the past twenty years. , from .2800 lb. per oow] per year to. ; 40Cf0. llf., the butter from 127 lb. per. • ooirto 177 lb., or an increase of near , v ly 3:<lb. of butter per . cow per yeatf a/ftjSr twenty years. Ha also* gave facts | and figuree deducted from a oow oen-~ •as, showing that the average produo tion 'of butter-fat.per cow depended i not. so-mucH onbreed as on the" oare ; and feed gi^en the oow. The milk production^iii other words, wasin the ?:•; same ratio ^rith the amount ofintelli-. .■■'■•^guae9 expencfed on- the herd.,Expert mente' demonstrated tEair,from vaf.cam< mon «Wr ther<iare determined nrh&hef; ^pn^noUriOO ibi' of-800 lb^but-* .:'sA^ntew^$fiSat is. repprted„f rom ,the^ Jamestown .district^ South. Australia.. >- Of flve acr'M sown, ;two acres were cut for hay, aYid returned six'tons, and the _ remainder, stripped'ion'grain, yielded v;:>89 bags,' which represented an average " 11 ,_of about 40 bushels to the aore. The n - wheat originally was introduced from ~ the Orange Biier Colony, South' Af rica, «nd is reputed to mature v«y early, as well a*"fc*vmg drouftht-resisU ing qualities* 