D0MIt4IONS COMMISSION SLondon, Jan. 27. The l)ouinilions Comumission, in the report just iss-ued, the gist of llhich. was cabled to-day, conments ad versely on the anomaly of the Comn monwealth's charging a terminal rate of fiV?penee per word for the transmission of. Pacific cables, whereas the New Zealand charge iis only a penny. .The New Zealand cable messages, it s:ays, should 'e red-eced to 2/?8. The Pacific Cable Board has not shown the enterprise that mi light reasonably have been expected. Its laudable desire to abolish, deficits has obscured its vision of larger and more urgent duties. To Apend two million sterling and then leave thl cable comparatively idle' for tw thirds of the dday is not comnniercsi policy, nor is it commonsense. London. Jan. 2R. The Dominions " Conmnissioners. in their report, express th mnselves as deeply impressed by tW? desire of all classes t1hrougkou-f Austral asia' to deal with the British Empire .rather- than. with foreign nations. Not only are their tariffs preferen tial, but they declare distinctly. that theirpreference is based on patriotism. London, Jan. 28. Discussin- problems connected with 'migration the report states that labour-saving machinery is ifuch more used in agriculture in Australia and New Zealand than in E Europe. Comparisons show that ! the proportion of the population engaged iu agricultural and pas toral pursuits ia smaller than in the United States and in- many Euro-. pean counltries,while the town popu lation is exce'ssive." Since the mother country is al ready dependent upon the oversea dominions for a considerable pro portion of her food and raw ma terial, the Commission is impressed with the desirability that as large a -ortion as possible of the domin ions should be occupied by a popu lation which would assist in .he de velopment of their primary re sources. / The' best ago for immigrants is from.sixteen to twenty- four.- Town bred youths often. find their feet; more cuickly in a new environment than do rustic youths; and the re nuirements of Australia and New Zealand -could be largely fulfilled by well disposed youths whom their environment in the United King dom has forced into "blind alley" employments, and youths from the industrial schools. ;The Commi:e sion found no evidence 'that only those who have followed agriculture in the old country can become sue cessffl agriculturists in the new. The Commission found that there was a strong undercurrent of, op position' in Australia and New Zea land to emigration, principally among the urban wage-earners, who regarded emigration as likely to in crease the competition in the skilled labour `market. The Commission be .lieves that such feelings of hostility arise. mainly? from the 'present de fects in- the immigration syiteems of Australasia. - '/ London, Jan. 28. -Discussiug the question of female' emigration, the report states that the surplus in Britain is mainly in' the residential towns. It consists principally of elderly' ladies and women servants. The first ai'e not; possible immigrants, and pervants' can ill be spared. The ranks of female domestics haye been deplet-: ed by.-the demands of .conunerce and iglustry' in the United Kingdom.as ; comuared with tienty years .ago:. The Comminssioners intend to deal with this matter in gretiter detail in their final report. Dealing with. the dificulty of family ungration.the Commissioner ~ state that the paretats are often too old to settle comfortaly. The man is tempted to critablis!i hiself prem'aturely as a farmouner or as a tenant in a rcady-made farm. There is not existent any large extra farming on the share system in Aun tralia's highly conmmendable organ isation. Family mudgration wiU entail con siderable public expense before the I ideal system is reached. The re port recommends a fuller use of the methods adopted in Pitt Town, New' South Wales, *lhich is an ad miraoble institution, - The Commissioners think it unde sirable to leave thei du'ty of describ- I ing the attractions of the. dominions ii to interested passage agents. There. xitst a: Pi4despreaa feelijng, iwhich -the Commissiohera -conaider justi- d able tiat misrepresentation.- is- J .. -j,: , . ,. ..· . ..: :% , . .. i : . " !1 t ?0c^I'n) ' :-JP, though few -Cesex of act; al f;ud have oc?cuired. SThe post?i'siity of mnak-4g gre&te;'r anso of the Br"itis:h L-?:-r 1 i, hanges drcserves cloee atteniI in, 1- i tienlarly in co:unce ion wi' h juvenile. emigration. The Coml SI mission ree.'am. ends g eater co operation bhtween the Home and Australasian Governments regardl. ing the migration of disd-harged Indian soldiers, many of wlomn a.re willing to go to Australia. and Newi Zealandd but find great d.ficulty in doing so, though they'are already ait cusitomed to a climnate mwore try ing than that of Northern Austra-' I ia. Any saving 'oby direct miligratibn s would allow of considerable firan dcial assistance to such enigranrts. The Comnmission was favourably inpreLssed with the Gi-rman settle nent,s in Queensland- and .Eouth Arstralia, and with tie Danish, Swedish. and Norwegian farmers in! Victoria. Such immigration' would be a wholeso'ne addition to New Ze!.'and and Southern Au-tra'ia. London. Jan. 28. ' In their remarks about the Suez Canal the coummissioners say e that they were much impressed with the 'capacity of the canal to deal without undue delay wifr fifteen i thousand ships, as against the pre sent five thousand, provided that certain traffic regulations were ob served. They were. also impressed with its -increasing ability to take vessels of deep draught. It will shortly be thirty feet deep, but it is doubtful whel?.her this Will be sufficient to provide for the necessi-1 ties of aquick ocean service to Aus- I tralia. ' 3 The fact that the Panama Canal gives a depth of 40 ft. will acceler \- ate the already rapid increase in the size and draught of cean carriers. It is doubtful whether the authori L ties of the Australian and New Zea land harbours are properly alivedto the quick increase of draught which is in prospect. The proper stan-" dard for harbour depth is forty feet, \- 'bu except at Sydney, iHobart., Wel l ington, and Auckland, the harbour facilities of Australia are considrt , ably below the standard. The Commissioners say they can not nUrge too strongly that the gov erning bodies oVEports should devote their earnest consideration to the I problem of deepening the harbours of Australasia, . I Any semi-automatic renewal of the existing manil contract, even with i omwe sli;it iuprovemient in sweed j and conditions, and some slightl de crease in cost, would be inadeouante as n solution of tlhe mail problem. which needs handling. on broader lines, and giving full considerat- ion to all variants, particularly to the' speedi estrictious of the Sffez Canal. There are grave reasons to doubt the reality of -coniet.ition under (he pre:ent arrangemuents. Tie contini ance of .a quasi-,monopoly for any long period is probably injurious to the developmenti of shipping, as it i removes the great incentive to the construction of faster ships. No miail contract can be satisfaebory3 which does not. provide for a sea speed 'onsiderablir in excess of that of the subsidised lilies. The Clommissioners draw atten tion 4o 'the c.,1111i'a-ints about out ward bills -of lading. 'These uice o ff of date, unduly complicated, and - favour shipowners against custo mers. Nevertihele-~ theree is evi dence that many companies have granted redress which they were not I legally compelled to give. 1Evidence , shows that-lhe- strength of the ship-i ping ring in London is so greatl that combined action by importers is of little avail. "I SThe reportl draws attention tQ th i yossibility orf 'timending the United Kingdom law in order to - bring it . into line with the A.ustralian Seal Carriage Act of !91 I. London, Jan. e. 8. The report enumnerates the detailI of the 'offer ntadce 1y the British ( Cotton Growiidg Association in or:- s der to establkh coctton growing ii Australia, which. the Commonwetalth and Queensland Governments ha'e accepted. The Commissioners deny that experience has shown thalit cot ton can onl.y; successfull` be grown by black labour., On the contraun th;ey say, 75 ier cent. of tihe labour in Texas is white, and it is pDoz sible that the Maltese may furnish U just the type of labour required foV i Australia. - .It is estimated that cotton pick- p aing in Australin will cost ad. per ¶ lb., whereas it is ogly a penmy-haltf penny per pound in" the southern m States o America. There is evi- c: dence; hbwever, that- the quality of am Australian cotton wiill ber ?uch as in to tif1 he tl.)Q c C .t )a t Hi ;ighet' ::` ( i ,. l t *ec: red f: r it. ithllan in o oiter ei't tiilun?1ie?. Thei'. is ; la pes~ibility thld Otih 'ot!:LCa-P i's:ilg Iul:+?'lth tin:e.5 r"duce. ihr.' initl?)o'l,:?.?.t f s?. . L AuF . -19'-!i:n lbio"r fait:ttr. It ihild a:lso -;e p : sible to o-rgtanie sai.ll g,rowers int)o aso.oiations for pic'king their crops co-operati. el:. ' Lonldon. Jan. 2i. The Judlicicial (oinnliit.tere f t1-.he. Privy C(;ouici this." Irllnlllinlg . di:: lissed the anpeal in the boII.dary. dispute 1?;tweell Victo'ria't itand! South Australia. 1The Conmmissioners. nhlile :dmit ting that hides were often danlaged by bringing in natural reiudies to differentiate in price between hides branded as the tanners ,uggest and thos brlildcd aý rlow, do not ic comimend- more stringent iegulla tions regarding- glutco-e ii leather. The report urges !uliformity of legi.liation and regullations, rIegard ing the food and drugs,and says that the Australasian agricuilt;ural mine ral, and forestly r'esourvli(g. will be treated in a final report. Thatv wili also inquire into better facilities for handling mneat and fruit, on which investigations are" now proceeding. The Commissioners are making further inquiries about- inter-Im perial exhibitions and the desir ability .,of constituting an Imperial Development Board. 