PIONEERS OF BENDIGO. JURGEN LA PRENZ. In his 60th year in Victoria and in his 54th in Bendigo, Mr. Jurgen La Frenz is certainly one of our pioneers. It covers two-thirds of the white man's settlement period of Victoria, from the wild and excited gold digging rushes of the "fifties" down to the pleasant, placid period in which we dwell, And yet, taking it altogether, Mr. La Frenz, sum ming up his experiences, cannot say that he ever found matters very much more exciting than he would have wished. Of a peaceful disposi- tion himself, he found the very great majority of people peaceable towards him. That, however, is not to say that there were no rowdies and desperadoes on the early goldfields. For they were abundant, especially, as he believes, on the Pleasant Creek fields, where he lived in the midst of them. But there he was never robbed or per sonally molested by any of them, on the principle, he supposes, that, like eagles in the Swiss Alps, they always hunted away from home. On coming to Bendigo in 1860 it was the same. The rough element, was still pretty strong. But they were kept well in hand by the authorities, and generally when they were not quarrelsome through over- load ing their Plimsoll mark, they were as harmless as Gilbert's burglar when he wasn't burgling. (Anyhow, as adventures are gener ally to the adventurous, and as our old pioneer didn't come to the coun try seeking for adventures, but to better his position, he had no time for them. He didn't venture too much where they were, and as he didn't interfere with them they didn't interfere with him. Born in the small island of Feh- marn — it is commemorated on the gate of his pleasant and breezy fam- ily home, in Myrtle Street, the house that was built and occupied for so many years by the late Hon. R. Bur- rowes — born in the small island of Fehmarn, off the Baltic coast of Schleswig- Holstein, in 1835, its total area of 24 or 25 square miles was too small to contain the young man after he had reached his 19th year. The fame of the Australian gold fields, more particularly those of Port Phillip, had already reached every speck and corner of Europe and elsewhere. The "drang" to ward Australia was nearly as keen in Germany and Denmark as in Great Britain. With thousands upon thousands it was only a matter of raising the money and getting away by the very first ship. The ship which the not yet twenty-year-old La Frenz caught at Hamburg corresponded in a way with the size of his native island. It was a very little one. The intelli gent modern reader will quite un derstand that fact when it is stated that it only carried 21 passengers. Ships from Europe, America and Asia for Australia in those days were mostly as crowded with pas sengers as cabs on the Eaglehawk road on a Saturday evening prior to the trams. The ship was the Bela- feldt, and probably there is not now a survivor of the other twenty who were his shipmates. Numbers, how ever, of their descendants born in the new country are extant. One of his shipmates was Mr. Holterman, who afterwards kept, the Rising Sun Hotel, near the hospital, and one of whose daughters is Mrs. Weibgen, a life-long resident in the same local ity. Another shipmate was a single young woman, who in that little ship 59 years ago, and when Aus tralia was one of the mysterious unknown lands of the world. bravely went forth, like a daugh ter of the brave and olden Vikings of her own country, risking the storms and dangers of the German, the Atlantic, and the Indian Oceans, to be married to her lover in early Bendigo. On her ar rival here she became Mrs. Enck, and her husband (says Mr. La Frenz) was the first proprietor of the Sydenham Gardens and Hotel — before the late Mr. Kraemar. As for himself, when the sturdy little ship reached Melbourne in 1855, he did not come Bendigowards. The lure of the gold in his case was to Creswick's Greek (Creswick's station, afterwards the site of the town and diggings called Creswick) ; thence to Pleasant Creek (Stawell), Ararat, Lamplough, Avoca, and Ben digo. If was in 1860 that he arrived here. Puddling machines were then in thousands over the whole district. He puddled on the site of what af terwards became the Shenandoah Co.'s dam at New Chum, and in Long Gully and Eaglehawk he also did his share in the same way of ex ecution amongst the alluvial wash. One of his partners in the work was the late Mr. Ludge, afterwards of the Bismarck Hotel, Barnard Street. Prices of horsefeed were high — 10s and 15s a bushel for oats, and for hay, whatever the few farmers then in that line of business liked to ask. Meat, however— finest of beef and mutton — was far cheaper than in this very year of 1914. Altogether, though he and his partners washed up no sensational machine- fuls they managed to make a good living and occasionally a little to spare. Eventually he got amongst, the quartz mining, and became shift - boss at, the Royal Oak mine, now in- cluded in the Windmill Ilill Com pany. The claim, which wasn't a bad one, was owned bv the late Mr George Lansell, the late Mr. Hans Nicolaus Fick, and by Mr. Henry Streckfus, who is now living in Mel bourne. A little prior to 1870, Mr. La Frenz met with a rich streak of fortune. Mr. Fick — then the junior partner in Ross, Henderson and Fick, who had a large and flourish ing- drapery business on the View Point corner, now occupied by Henderson's furniture warehouse — sold him a fourth share in the lease of the Prince Alfred mine at Golden Square. They let a tribute — 25 per cent on the gross yield — to the late Messrs. Charles Riviere, Brown, Stephenson, and others. About 160ft from the surface the tributors came on a sensationally rich formation. "One place," says Mr. La Frenz, "was nearly all gold." (The writer remembers another old Bendigonian once telling him that the stone from the tribute was the richest that he ever saw. One load in particular that was being carted to Fraser's crushing battery, which was near to the mine, was practi cally a load of quartz specimens, strung together and glittering with gold). The crushings averaged up fo 32oz 12dwt per load. The tri- butors for a few months' work divid ed about £30,000, and the lease- owners several thousands apiece. The lessees were Mr. l.ockhart, a storekeeper in Mundy Street, op posite the fruit and vegetable mar ket, Mr. Fick, and Mr. La Frenz each holding a fourth, whilst the re maining fourth share was split up amongst several holders. Our old pioneer married about this time, his bride being Miss Mary Parker, an Australian native, a daughter of the late Mr. James Parker. And still his great luck kept to him, for from the union there were five daughters and three sons. They are now all grown up and the family portrait group is intact. From the earliest to the latest born they are all in their parents home, excepting two married ones (a son and a daughter), and the youngest son, who is in the railway service in Melbourne. They are a healthy, happy looking family — samples, of the finest of Australian immigrants, namely, those born and reared on our own soil, and under Australian conditions. For years Mr. La Frenz was in tiie copper-cleaning: business — first with Mr. Rosenow as a partner, and next with the late Mr. Biscamp. Two of his sons now carry on Ihe same work. He is a director of the Spring Gully mine at Fryerstown, and in former years was strongly interested in various other mines; "Ah." reminiscently he remarks, as the interview closes, "they were a wild lot sometimes on the early goldfields. On the Can ton Lead (Ararat) I saw them haul up the Chinamen in hundreds from their claims, and lake the claims from them. Commissioner Taylor put back several of the Chinamen in possession, but most of them were done out of their claims for ever. But soon the Chinamen began to take in Europeans as partners, and thus protected their rights against the other Europeans who were al ways so ready to rob them. "How is it, Mr. La Frenz, that you, a German of Schleswig- Holstein, and born under the Danish Crown, where the peo ple should all be fair- eyed and blue-eyed, was a jet- black haired, dark complexioned man, with a name as of French origin, when I first knew you?" The old gentleman smiled, and then remarked: "Yes, I used often to be taken for a Frenchman. When was a boy in Fehmarn there was amongst my grand-parents, and it had also been current amongst their grandparents, a tradition that once on a time the island was ravaged by invaders. They slaughtered, so the tradition said, every one of the original inhabitants except three, and entered into possession of the farms and houses, and of whatever else there, was to seize. It may he that we were descended from those invaders, and that they were of a dark-haired race — possibly French. Anyhow, we have no history who they were — only the tradition that I told you was current amongst the old people when I was a boy in my native island." Here's a problem for ethnologists and archaeologists. Were those sea-ranging marauders descendants of the old red- headed Scandinavian Vikings of the north, who in course of time, seized on Chalons and on, Normandy in the north of ancient France, became in a few hundred years black-headed, dark-eyed and swarthy through inter-marriages with the original inhabitants, and, then as marauding black-haired Normans, ravaged on their travels and excursions this little island of Fehmarn amongst the rest. Eng- land and Sicily, you will remem- her, were others of their prizes. In England and in its off-shoots, as amongst us of Australia, they con- siderably blackened the eyes and hair of our own original Saxons, somewhat as in that small island in the Baltic they seem to this day to have left their marks on their de- scendants — also on their young descendants in our own Bendigo of to-day. They were a grand old race, those Norsemen, and their blood is far flung over the earth, unrecognisable, now as Norsemen, but mingled with that, of several of the finest and most advanced of the modern nations. 