WOMAN'S WORLD. Miss Constance Smedley's "Song of Hope" has been beautifully set to music by the talented English composer, Miss Margaret Meredith. Iceland has juat won complete emanci- patin. The Suffrage Bill passed this year by the Iceland Parliament has now received the assent of the King of Den- mark and women now vote there on precisely the same electoral basis as men. The Danish women are also near attain- ing suffrage. Women chemists and bacteriologists, some of them mere girls, have been play- ing a very successful part in the United States Government's campaign against the supply of bad food, whether from aduleration or improper condition. They are all engaged under the United States Bureau of Chemistry. In the Guildhall records for 1594 shows that "The office of Plumber of London Bridge was granted to the Widow Foster." There was one great advant- age in admitting men and women on equal terms into these old guilds, for when one Elizabeth Bartlett was entrust- ed with casting the second bell of St. Martin's Church, all the women employ- ed were paid at the same rate as the men for the work. * * * The eldest daughter of the Crown Princess of Roumania is betrothed to Prince George of Greece. Princess Elizabeth, one of the loveliest young royalties in Europe is thus marrying her cousin, since their mothers are both grand- children of Queen Victoria, the Queen of Greece being the daughter of the Em- press Frederick and the Crown Princess of Roumania the daughter of the Duke of Edinburgh. Three more women have been elected members of the Legion of Honor of France, They are Madame Cecile Louise Stephanie Chaminade-Carbonnel, the com- poser and musician ; Mdlle Stoude, dir- ectress of the High School for Girls in Paris , and Madame Prevost inspectress of the Department of Labor. Since the order was established in 1802 more than 100 owmen have ibeen honored by mem- bership in it. One of the earliest elec- tions was that of Rosa Bonbeur, while Madame Curie is one of its most famous members. For some time England has been try- ing to solve the problem of how to en- sure the sale of pure milk, but in Idaho, U.S.A. where women are enfranchised, the question appears to have been solved without very much difficulty. The State Dairy Inspector sees that not a drop of milk is sold in Idaho that is not bottled at the dairy were it is produced. The dairies have been photographed, good bad side by side, and the dairymen are induced to do more from a sense of pride than they would have done by being obliged to obey rules and regulations they do not like. In Chicago they have a woman director of Immigrants' Protection League and she is in such request that she has been borrowed till next January by the Mas- sachusetts Immigration Commission. Chicago women now serve as jurors in the Insane Court of the Detention Hos- pital, when women cases are to be tried. Philadelphia has just appointed a mar- ried woman to be inspector of street- cleaning, at a salary of £260 per annum, but she had to pass a very stiff Civil Ser- vice examination on the subject first and came out head of a list of eight women. In the same city a woman has been ap- pointed chief market clerk at £200 a year. In Utah a woman doctor has been appointed as city physician and quaran- tine officer of Ogden. At last a woman's theatre in London, though only it is true, a temporary one, is to try its luck, and, from December 8 till the 15th, the Coronet Theatre will be in the hands of the Actresses' Fran- chise League and its supporters who in tend to present some of the best fem- inist playesextant. Amongst others there will be a translation of Brieux's "La Feme Seule," by Mrs Bernard Shaw, and Mr. Farquharson Sharp's English version of Bojonson's "A Gaunt- let," and all will be presented with a particularly brilliant cast — interesting this as both actors and actresses are advocates of votes for women, and many of them well known speakers for the cause. The business basis of the scheme is that for each £1 (guaranteed by a suf- frage society, or member of a society, tickets will be issued for a stall (8/-) a dress circle seat 6/-), an upper circle seat (3/-), a place in the pit , (2/-), and a place in the gallery (1/-), these being re- duced prices. With full houses, the profit for the week, it is estimated will be about £1500, and this is to be divided among societies supporting the scheme in proportion to their support. Is it an outward and visible sign of the inward invisible differences in the working of the French and English mind that a novel punishment for disobedient and lazy boys should be hailed in France a capital notion and in England by school masters an impossible and unsound one? The idea, which has been adopted by Professor Roland, the celebrated Paris- ian educationalist treats naughtiness evidently as a disease of mere wicked- ness as, instead of administering a thrashing to the offender, or keeping him in to write lines, Professor Roland sends him out for a five-mile walk. "If laziness is the boy's sin," he explains, 'the healthy exercise of the walk soon sets his brain stirring and if it is re- belliousness the exercise has the effect of working off his spleen." An interesting incident took place recently at the Northamptonshire Assizes when a case was heard in which a man waa charged with an assault upon a girl under eixteen. Noticing that while the girl gave her evidence there were no wo- men at all in Court, the Judge ascertain- ed that orders had been given by the superintendent in charge that none should be allowed in. Mr Justice Row- latt instaivtly revoked the order, saying that he wished it to be understood, that it was not right that women should be excluded from the Court when other wo- men had to give evidence in such cases. He then sent out word that any women who wished to attend might do so. The question of whether married wo- men should be allowed to hold pubic offices, such, as educational posts, is short- ly to be fought out in the New York law courts. The appeal will be on the grounds that it is a vicious tendency to penalise marriage by refusing married women the right of independent work. The point is as a journal points out of the gravest importance. It goes to the root of the problem of the econo- mic independence of women, and the sooner they make up their minds to fight out the matter to victory, the better for the whole movement. To drive wo- men to be mothers and nothing else, and not pay them when they are — that is the very centre of the anti-feminist castle." There is actually more than one wo- man smoke stack painter in America, one especially iron-nerved one, a Mrs Poole, having achieved the distinction of paint- ing a weather vane, which she did perch- ed on top of a slender steel rod at a height of 224 feet above the pavement. She started as an assistant to her hus- band, who found it difficult to get men to volunteer. There has just retired from the Civil Service Miss Bennett, who deserves to be gratefully remembered by all women in the English service, since it was she who was responsible for what is known as the "marriage gratuity." Under the Treasury regulations women civil ser- vants, who resign their position upon marriage, lost all pension rights and Miss Bennett claimed that a compassionate grant should be made to those who left to bbe married, an innovation that was agreed to. A fisherwoman, Mrs Plante, the first to gain the trophy was awarded the Herne Bay championship shied (valued at 100 guineas) at the festival of the Angling Association this week, by weigh- ing in with 1081b of fish all caught in one day. The runner-up was another lady with 93lb. 