OF RURAL INTEREST (By "R sticii. ") The aotion of the Minister of Lands and tie Minister of Agriulture in the directlon of taking steps to che-tk the luroads of the post known as St. John's Wort in the Beechworth and l IlgliL d;stricts is timely and necessary. \ er lalrge airtas of valuable country are ocelg devastated. In order to ,tdpo with tile pest and -hord it in. .check, the Ministers have deoided to ask the co-operation of the municipali ties conlerned in first of all ascertain ing the actual area infected, whether it is privately held, or is on puti ilo ou.tus or Crown lands. Immedi ately the information troum the mrun cllpaltle is receivedl officers will be sent up to coiplete the investiga Llon as to the infected area.: At too camue time, ulicers of the Agricultu ral department will be told. off to in vestigato and report on the proper re mul'i;es to be adopted. On receipt ni all ,hi informatmion the two Ministers lill submit recoulnltenuations to the Ciabitet. The hope of the immigration autho rities now appeaOrs to 110 in gettmg IBritis; lads as insar ii orkers. Most ui iLi c0 ,aeu w.ou a.r-ved by the steame, f'or:t \Maquarlo were engaged l)romptly) urt work un . l.lltal in various i.rts of the Skate. Many of the lads nad uipoaitod madl ~nlls with thie l,,.ido:: aulthor i.e b.foro oinmencing ile voyage. 'lo monley was remitte. , ..u bsate Ticasury, and an ollicer ;tl over the amounts duo to thus laving a Ittle capital bth , di them Facilhties were provided to enable the young esllegra.lts to open a..- ags bank accounts, and many availed themselve, of too opportunity of commencing - Sfund whliih o1ne ayv they hoped wouol be sutilleuti .to piurchiase a block i lanl from the State. With few ea ceptions the toys are all of good pli? a.qle. They come from all parts .: Great Bi?anm. Ano;ler batch or 24-0 lads for farm work is due to al rive by the steamer Irtl:hitan on 11l .la). In older that, .?e .. st con t.c1ngent of lads might be cleared wit. as .ttle delay as possible, the imon gratnL:u itlitlritiv a;dl anxious thilt farmers cequtinlg oauar siut.ld fol ward early advice. fioo sub- committee of the Statl, Cabinet on woiosadvice i' was decid.s to abandon the Maffra Sugar Bet Factory, do not aplpear to have gi k plroperly acquainted wt:h the real teeling in the district towards the in dustrry. Tslls was proved by tlie pa1 - Liculard given by tho deputation wnlc.. sated on the Minister of Agriculturc. Thie m?leiours proved that the decision to close down the factory had boca i. ki pirwnaturely. 'The Argentine corropoildeont of thl "Pastoral Itevi w," wwrlilng on Diceli ber 20th, says that '"all the meal works from Uruguay to Patagonia are in lull swing, and the competition for our caltle anld slheep is just what our stock-sivtners are thorouglly enjoymig. S.ca nie.dlid pricesis thley are get tiug wrle lnot dreamed of twenty years ago. lttrp~prts of telv meat iorks iii Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and L'..as.oiAa are rile. T'ho future or the wonderlul cattle country of our neighbor-, P'araguany and Brazil, should be e tlicn.. Vast tracts of good pastoral latds are being secured by Norili Ailercea:i anti British capitalists, and stud cattle are being Introdut.ed. T'lero is lile and excitement in these. countries at uls.. :lailways and capi tal will do tie rest." Stock prices toi ireczinlg ale quoted as lollows: Lincoln crlt-s ,ethers, special freezecs, 21/ to 2t63, .ood 10'3 to 21/; owes, good to speLial 21/10 to 27/1; merino Iothiers, peelo) l 1J/iU Lu 21/, good 1716 to IJUad; merino cues, good and special 211 to 22,6; t-ecis, £111141 lii l'-145/1; cows, 1UJll7/ to £13; and Ie; l.rs, £16,110 to £?A. In tile many mitt'ect:, the plough can be seun at work. oil tilU stubble pal docks. l'ilth the hygil prices ihat hlave rulld foc .stLoc ii the past, it IS ,liiy iatulal that aleepl.-o\lit.rs L ill tuml thcer attelnion tol li.iirlda.g sheep teed in the I r olltier alU varly) spring muunthe. 'leirt canl be little doubt Iliac, itle "Ca.ion" or A?,bundanoe" oat is tao iinns paltcular oito for all round purposos of. toas kind, It can be sown wlan sat..si;:cuiry lesuis in both autunll and sbring, and it pro vIdes grali of the o.bS~ qaIltity witu o~tla' o u ulole haln aut lago qualv y. \imlein used to: oheo1 p ond e il .lo elrly stages ?i grloth, the Cliton oil, tound to be ..lrtiUrcuaiiy p;.lltatIe I't ailteli. Ill one Lea thlls .,at its cateOn lisa out it 1A vi.e Lls tr,.d. J1 is foumid, ihoweverl', tLa alitver ltd ilg .gcat n illt V iut laIs N il oliUti i., .l* again as do soWo of the ilther , ac:ektu, it 0o1, lind it is thoiesolu not ,argl.l used loc autu?1lUa .,au l sih..ip i_-. i. i. soute Oisrl.ct in Neii /eal.a'i, 1i, . Algerlan oat is uoed iailly exte?.?i'ely' .Algoerianl are found to he iey .lti- lacetn'y toi provlnlg tintetr Itced, t~ thieif, al ter ?plng ta.d;iung, it 11id to glow fot ?ncu they `ive ooud ru turns. lTey aIIppLe to excelo nost unat ou light soii, and al hough tlhe gralu is course and unsuatable lot io n lung, yet iwhen the sliea\?s are cut sery guul chad is ubtaii;ed. Ta'e shtraw of Algerlans Li bright and cl;eau, aad is particularly free from ruit. Th IDun oat is an-ther vwry pjpular va liety, and theli sown early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feeood throughout the win tor and sprullg. 'Furtlher, if it is il tended to be cut o grain it c"an be fed later in the spring than any other variety. Somotlunes sheeo p are ell on the celop till the end of Octuber, end fhen as mnuoi us 50 and 1O hulcla per acre threshed at harvest. The h)muI osn tillers strongly, and although io tlhe eye there does not, appear to be It eli bulk of iced, ohsop seem to find pI.,nty to keep them going for some tiuime. Duus apipear to do better when kept wvell fed down, as in most seasons th:ey grow long weak straw which soon lod ges in wet weather. Many farmer, stll stick by the Danish oat for ali round purposes. These oats certainly provide good green Ield, and .-itn; feeling well, besides provding satisf:ac tory grain and chaff. In a recent address, Prof. T. L. Inaecker, of the Minnesutta Collgo o0 Agrleculiroe, showed how the milk pro duction per cow had b:on iucreased in Minnesota in the pasa twenty years from 2800 ib. per ow per year to 4000 lb., the butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb., or an increase of near ly 3 lb. of butter per cow per yeas after twenty years. He also gave facts and figures deducted from a cow cen sus, showing that the average produc tion of butter- fat per cow dependedl not so muoh on breed as on the care and feed given the cow. The miilk production, in other words, was in the same ratio with the amount of intcl:i gence expended on the herd. Experi ments demonstrated that from a com mon cow the care determmed whethel she produced 100 lb. of 300 lb of but teet in a year. ' A noew wheat is reported from the Jamestown district,- South Australia. Of five acres sown, tawo ao-'' Ie- were cUt for h;usy, and returned six toils, adll tho reinainder, stripped for grain, yiekldvl 39 bags, whlich represented an :vrrage if about l(l' lbushrli to lthoe ;lre. TIhe whiat originaully was introdluciel from ie )lrantILge Ili\sr Colony, South Af ricia, and is reputed to llature overy airly, as ielf is aiiilug drrough retist inig qualities. 