GOSSIP., The friends of Mrs Fred Wilson, of Conway, Proserpine, will be pleased to hear that she has recovered from her illness and 1* leaving the hospital this week. Mrs H. Dwyer, accompanied by her sister (Mlas Muriel Cooper), -leaves by the Qrantala for Cairns en route to Stannary Hills to Join her husband. Mrs ailmour (Charters Towers) has been spending the week In Townsville as the guest of Mrs MacLellan, Stuart street . Mrs H. Patterson (Ayr), who ha* been visiting her parents at Bockhamp ton, is expected to return on Monday. Mrs E. S. Mosterton returned from a vlslf North by. the Loss o'Gowrie on Thursday. Mr and Mrs I. Mackenzie, who have been visiting Cairns, returned by tbe Marloo on Thursday. Mr H. Hamilton (Cooktown), who has been visiting Toowoomba, returned on Friday. Mr Scrlne, who has been spending a week la Townsville, returned to Brisbane by the Kuntano Maru, which left on Wednesday. Mr E. 3. Dean, ot the Adelaide 6.B. Co., Calms, who has been spending a month 'with his sitters, the. Misses Dean, 'Beverslty,' Stanton Hill, In tends leaving by the Grantala to-day on his return North. Mr and Mr» R. 7. Mott (Clutha Station), who have been on a trip South, re'turhed by the Canberra \on Friday, ana left on Monday tor the West ? Mrs Lowe (Atherton), Is visiting the Lower Burdekln, as the guest of her brother, Mr H. Todd, at Kalamla. Miss Flora Hatcher, of the Educa tion Department, who haB been trans ferred from Bowen to Home Hill, took up her new duties this week. Before leaving Bowen she was presented with a handsome clock find pretty gold brooch set with pearU and tourmalines. Mrs Hlnton, an oM colonist, pasBea away at the residence of her sonln hvw, Mr A. O. Hartley, 'Lewlshara,' Cooktown, on March 21, after a lin gering illness, at the ripe age ot 8£ years. -Mrs Hlnton, who was born in Blair Cowrie, Scotland, on March 1, 1829, and came to Australia when on)y 10 years old, was loved and respected by all who knew her. She had been an Invalid for nine years. Mr Prlngle (Lower Burdekln), who, with Mrs Prtngle (nee Lymtouraert, ta» been on a trip South, returned home this week. The Bev. J. I. Wilson, Assistant Methodist MlnlBter at Ayr, has Been transferred to Clermont. Mrs R. Whlttam (Qneenton). returned on Monday from a three months' visit to Brisbane. Mr H. C. Mustard, ot the Federated Malay States, who was married last month to Miss Ivy Brennan, of Bris bane, is expected through by the Mata rom next week on their way home. -Mr. and Mrs. Mustard have been spending, the honeymoon In New Zea land and Syiney. Mr J. Leahy (Ayr), accompanied by his mother, Mrs P. Leahy, Intends leaving -to-day for Sydney. Mr and Mra A. A. Bhaw arrived from North by the Loss o'Gowrie on Thurs day. ,*? - Mrs Drlaooll arrived from Cairn* by the Marloo on Thursday. Miss Bayers left by the Wyandra on Wednesday for Calms. Mr H. Walter Erllnen (Hampden), left on Monday on a three months* holiday -rlp South. Mrs W. Cane, who has been visiting her parents, 'Sub-Inspector and Mrs Graham, at CharlevHle, returned on Friday. , Miss Isabel King (Charters Towers), is spending a month's holiday In ToTvnBvWe, staying al Hermit Park Mrs E. Hayes (Home Hill), returned on Monday from Sydney, where Bhe left her son and daughter at college. MIbs B. Stewart arrived from North by the Lass o'Gowrie on Thursday. Mr W. Oermeln, ot the Adelaide Co., who has been on a holiday trip to Melbourne, returned by the Qrantala on Friday. Miss A. SUnbrook, who has been spending three months with friends at Charter* Towers, returned home on Monday. A very Interesting address was given on Friday Afternoon at the Y.W.C.A. rooms by Mr W. 1. Tunley, hon. di rector of the Queensland Evangelisa tion Society, who opened an exhibition and sale of exquisite embroideries and laceB maae in tbe Indian - and China missions.' Tbe speaker first thanked the president and secretary of - the Y.W.C.A. for maklngr It possible for Mm to hold, the extilbltlon ana tor the trouble they took In helping him to arrange and manage it He then went on to speak of the .work ot the Queens land Evnngellsatlbn Society, through whose aid the various foreign missions were enabled to sell their work, the proceeds of .which went to the support ot tic missions, the society getting a commission which helped to keep their organisation going. The society was formed about eight or nine yean ago, Mr Hugh Baton.! svigRMUng the. Ita before be left for Scotland. Bine* then It had grown considerably and had many branches of work. First mUslonarles were sent Into all parts of Queensland, especially those parts where no religious services were held. Sisters Huddle and Murray, as they knew, worked the northern district for some time and their work was very much blessed. Then It wan felt that thtn was » great need for gospel lit erature and In this branch they were considerably helped by friends on the other side of the water, who have mode It possible to distribute S0.M0 Testa ments, travellers' guides, tracts, . etc, over Queensland. The society consid ered the needs ot immigrants from foreign countries and the King of Den mark was written to and asked to pro vide some gospel literature in .the Da nish language. A large parcel was sent ana thla encouraged the society to make similar application to (he Em press of Germany and the Queen of Holland, with simitar results, and ar rangements ere being maae to. place these In the hands of immigrants from these lands. The speaker gave many Illustrations, both humorous ana pa thetic, of the society'* worK, and in terested hit hearers. The Y.W.C.A. Bociety provided refreshing tea, cake* and scones, which were much appre ciated. 