DOMINIONS COMMISSION- j _-.-4--? THE SHIPPING COMPANIES AND AUSTRALIA. PACIFIC CABLE RATES. VIEWS ON EMIGRATION Tasmanian Press Association -All tables ' Loyjilglit.J LONDON, James y 23. The Dominions Commission report continents on the anomaly of the Commonwealth Government charging terminal rate of 6d. per -yard. The charge for the transmission of messages by the Pacific cable should be in ' duced to 2s. 8d. per word. The report says the Pacific Cable Board has not shown the enterprise which might reasonably have been expected. The laudable desire to abolish deficits has obscured its vision of larger and more urgent duties. To spend £2,O0O,OCO,aud then leave the cable comparatively idle for two-thirds of the day, is not commercial, politic, or commonsense. DEALING WITHIN THE BRITISH EMPIRE. The Commissioners express themselves as deeply impressed throughout their visits in Australia and New Zealand by the desire of all classes to deal with 2, in the British Empire rather than with I foreign nations. It was not only the tariff preference, but a clear and distinct preference, based on the sentiment of patriotism. r ' Discussing migration, the report states that labour-saving machinery is much more used in agriculture in Australia and New Zealand than in Europe. Comparisons show that the proportion of the population in England engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits is smaller than in the United States, and many European countries, and the town population is excessive. Since the Mother Country is already dependent upon the oversea countries for a considerable proportion of her food and raw' material, the Commission is impressed with the desirability of as large a portion as possible of the Dominions being occupied by a population which would assist in the development of their primary resources. The best ago for emigrants is from 10 to 2-4 years. A town-bred youth often finds his feet quicker in the new; environment than a rustic. The requirements of Australia' and New Zealand are largely fulfilled by well-disposed youths, whom the environment of the United Kingdom has forced into blind alley employments, and also by youths from the industrial schools. The Commission failed to find that only those who followed agriculture in the Old Country can become siict'csbfiil agriculturists in New Zealand. There was a strong undercurrent of opposition in Australia and New Zealand to immigration, principally among the urban yr.igc-enrnersn.nd area nuns, who regard immigration as likely . to increase competition in the skilled labour- market. The Commission believes that this hostility arises mainly from the present defects in the immigration system. FEMALE IMMIGRANTS. BÍKCiissing female immigration, the report states that the surplus in Great Bi stain is mainly in residential towns, and principally of elderly ladies and w omen servants. The first named are not possible emigrants, and the servants can be ill spared from the ranks of fc nine domestics, which are being depleted by the demands of commerce and industry in the United Kingdom, as com- pared with 20 years ago. The Commission intends to deal with the matter in greater detail in its final report. Dealing with the difficulty of family migration, the Commissioners state that parents often are too old to settle comfortably. A man is tempted to estab- lish himself prematurely as if farm owner or a tenant on ready-made farms, in which are non-existent to any large extent. Fanning on the share system is succeeding in Australia, and is highly commendable, but the organisation of family migration will entail considerable public expense before the ideal system is reached. The report recommends a fuller use of the methods adopted at Pitt Town, in New South Wales, which, it is said, is an admirable institution. It is undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interest ' ed passage agents, and the Commissioners say the feeling against these men is justifiable. Misrepresentation is not uncommon, though there are few cases of actual fraud. USE OF THE LABOUR EXCHANGES The possibility of making greater use of the British labour exchanges deserves close attention, particularly in connection with juvenile emigration. The Commission recommends greater co-operation between the Home and Australasian Governments regarding the migration of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whom are willing to go to Australia and New Zealand to buy land. The difficulty, however, is that though already accustomed to a climate more trying than that of Northern Australia, they do not go there by direct migration, and the Commissioners would allow considerable financial assistance to such as want to emigrate to "the Northern Territory. The Commission was favourably impressed with the German settlements in (Queensland and South Australia, and with the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria. Such migra- tion would be a wholesome addition to New- Zealand and Southern Australia. THE SUEZ AND PANAMA ROUTES. Regarding the Suez Canal, the Commission was impressed with the canal's capacity to deal, without undue delay, with 15,000 ships, as against the pro- sent 5,000 vessels passing through, pro T that certain traffic regulations were observed. The Commission was also impressed with the increasing ability of the Suez Canal to take vessels is deep draught, and that shortly there) would be 30ft. of water in the Canal, sent the Commission is doubtful whether this will he sufficient to provide the ne cessation, of a quick ocean service to Australia. The fact that the Panama Canal gives a depth of 40ft. will accelerate "ie already rapid increase in the M'KC ana draught of ocean carriers. It is doubtful whether the authorities of Australian and New Zealand harbours are properly alive to the quick increase of the draught or vessels which is in prospect. Pilo proper standard fe 10ft., and except at Sydney, Hobart. Wellington and Auckland, the facilities in." omsieleinbly below this standard. The commission says it cannot urge too strongly upon the R0V0I."¡ns was of no ports that they should devote earnest consideration to the problem of reopening then- harbours. Any semi-automatic renewal of the mail contract, with a slight improvement in speed and conditions, and a sight decrease in cost, would be in -accurate as a solution of the problem, which needs to be handled on broader men, giving full consideration to all No variants, and particularly those of weed and the restrictions of the Suez Linsket There's "10 grave reasons to haunt the reality of competition. Under the present arrangements, the continu w i i\,«l"n«i-.nonopoly for a long alf i Will P.'°l>ably be injurious to the development of shipping, as it removes '""great incentive for the construction ""*' ships. There is not a man contract satisfactory which does not > provide for a sea speed considerably in excess of that of unsubsidised lines The Commission calls attention to the complaints against outward bills of lading which no out of date mel unduly complicated in favour of the shipowners and against the customs s but, novel - theless, there was evident of that many companies granted in di P. which they were not legally compelled to give 'the evidence of the strength, of the shipping lying in T onion was so great that the combined action of importers would be of little avail The report that draws attention to the possibility of amending the United Kingdom 1 law in order to be ing it into line with the Australian Scv Cauuge Met on 1004 COLTON-GROvAlîvG IV VUSliiVLIV Included in the details of the report, it is shown that the British Cotton Growing Association has established costs engrossing The Collum sioners deny that experience has shown that cotton can only be successfully grown by black labour On the contrary, it is stated that 75 per cent of the 1 about tests, shows that while labour is possible I ihoMaltcso would furnish just the type , of labour remained for cotton growing It is estimated that picking in Austi a-. ha costs 3d per pound whereas it costs His in the Southern States of America There was evidence to show that the quality of Australia in cotton was such , as to justify the expectation of a higher price being seemed than in most cotton countries 'There was also the possibility of the cotton picking machine reducing the importance of the Australian labour factor, and it should also be possible to organise small growers into an association for the picking of cotton co once actively While admitting that hides are dam- aged by handing, the medal remedy is to differentiate the price between sides branded as tanners suggest and those landed as now recommended There should be more stringent legal tions regarding glucose m Weather The report urges uniformity in legislation and legal unions regarding food and drugs The Australian agricultural, mining, and forestry resources will be treated in a final report, and also the result of the inquiries into better facilities for the handling of meat and fruit, up ! on which investigations are pi acceding The Commission is also making further inquiries into inter-Imperial exhibitions and the desirability for the creation of an Imperial Development Board 