NEWS AND NOTES. " The Mails.-For South Africa a mail wil: close at the G.P.O. today at 8.15 a.m. (lafb fee 9 am., railway station 9.30 a.m.), tor despatch, via Fremantle, by the s.s. Clan McUillivray. Correspondcnce for the East ern Stases, New Zealand, etc., if marked "per s.s. Kapunda," will be made up this afternoon at 5.15 o'clock (late fee 6 o'clock, railway station 6.30 o'clock), to be forward ed by rail-to Albany to meet that vessel. Water at a Premnium.-Through the tele phone last night a resident 'of,Parker-street, North Perth, gave vent to a complaint re garding the.water supply in his immediate neighbourhood. He said that on going home at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon he found it impossible to obtain any water from the taps. His wie broke in on the con versation with one of our reporters to the effect that she had found it impossible all day to get water for domestic purposes. Picking up the thread of the conversation, the husband related how neighbours in a similar plight had been compelled to fall back on his rainwater tanks. He added: "This difficulty in regard to the water sup. ply in the higher parts of North Perth has already been the subject of complaints to the department. Other people are complaining, as well as myself, especially under weather conditions such as are now prevailing. In this particular part we usually have a break in the supply from about .7 o'clock to 10 o'clock in the morning, and the position is now apparently becoming worse." The ag grieved head of the house rang off express ing the hope that matters would soon bha remedied North-East Fremantle Methodist Circuit. The quarterly meeting of the North- East Fremantle Methodist Circuit was held at the Glyde-street M3ethodist Church on Tuesday. The Rev. R. Hocking presided, and repre sentatives were present from each of the churches in the circuit. It was reported that 120 accredited and 53 junior members were on the membership roll, being a slight increase for the quarter. The balance sheet was presented by the circuit stewards, and showed the income to have been £72 17s. 10d. and the expenditure £67 5n. 7d. Provision was made for the Church anniversary at North Fremantle and the Sunday School anniversary at High street East during the ensuing quarter. The Sunday School visitor, Mr. Bennett, report ed satisfactorily on the work of the Sun day Schools, making special mention of the Kindergartens at North Fremantle and Glyde-street. Each of the Junior Christian Endeavour Socitties were reported as in a flourishing condition, but superintendents complained of a lack of workers. Messrs. Chas. Batty and Thos. Waugh were re- elect ed as circuit stewards. Mr. Chas. Batty was elected as Conference representative, and 31r. Geo. Anderson as substitute. 'Ihe local secretary for Home Mlission reported that the allocation would be more than met. It was agreed that the resolution as submit ted to Synod in regard to the consolidation of Methodismn in the Fremantle area should be forwarded to the Conference. Approval was given for the purchase of land at Pal myra, and arrangements made for an effort during the ensuinm quarter for the extinc tion of the long-standing circuit debt. For the Betterment of Workers.-An at tractive scheme for the betterment of the French working classes was proposed by SI. Cheron, lately -Minister for Labour, and sup ported by the Minister for Finance. It was i not intended to be compulsory. A work man, by setting apart 15 centimes (lid.) per day can assure for himself (says a Paris cor respondent) the ownership of a house, a certain capital sum, and a pension for his old age. Thus, a man taking out a deposit book is the name of his son and hoving in scribed therein a monthly sum equal to the rate of three sons a day is sure that thi beneficiary on reaching the age .of a will receive a sum of over 50. Wit th the young man ean enter into possession or a 300 house, paying the remainder of thi purchase money by annual instalments Should he die before completion his heirs, by virtue of au insurance combi?etion, be come the absolute owners of the house, with. out having to pay another penny. If the young man continues the ayment of 15 cen. times per day, his old-age pension at 60 will be just under £19. while in case of his death his heirs receive sum of £48. th Belmont Park Reoad Beard.--In B th baI ance-sheet of the Belmont Park Road Boarl and Local H"alth Autlhority ad rti.B? e, our issue of the 8th inst., Piner ' error occurred, which cals for correatemen Therroh defective spacing th item "gl r "~ 'elnrsul of the Board was eipvesn as W. 1 ,1.. In. sted of £25 12. 5d. . ... Fremantle l'rinrdlv Societie' Gala. A general mneetin- of rcpresentiee of the Unit-| nriendly Socitih5 w;t held it thr IMedi?m Institute on $.turdlv. and the g'ns.), ering was one of hh, large.t and monst en thuniastic ever held in 'onin-cton with th Hospital Gala. 'Through a dlath mi tt, f?mnily, the chairman ( 3r. \ riht) sent a letter of apology, and ?lr. II. T? ?Ialy. who was unanimousl y elected as clha:rmnaa for the evening, as.ked that the secretary conwy th' deepest sympatthy of the nmeting to t; chairman in his sad bereaverment. Thfirst business was that of dealing with the suh committee:s report, when it was &'ielhd t", hold three picture ana! al aln-g(lb enterta".. meets in the l'rinrei Tl'heatr. .larkr.,tr.t. Fremantle, on the nights of Wedo!day, Sebruary 11, March 11. and April 3 seep$ . tively. It was also decided to hold a att union in conjunction with the big day's sti keic sports, bicycle races. demonstrations etc. to take place on the Premnatle Oval. A large combined friendly societies praes. sio i wil! march through the strets of F.. n untl' on the morning of Faster Monday. i, v.:lich the committee are en.eavoeirig to get all trade unions to co.operate with tb"r tar.ner. and trade displays. To snm??ensufly carry out the work of the gala. it was fosol tietewary to appoint four committees, nam. ly picture entertainments, art union, prece stoo, and sports committees. Owing to th? great success and enthusiasm manifested in the gala this year, it was found neessa.-y to appoint a paid secretary to devote the whole of his time in the interests of the gatl. MJr. J. P. Kenny, who has acted up to thn present in an honorary capacity, was elected to the position. Railway Service ?nterruption.-Last dlght the bursting of a water main interfered seriously with the conduct of railway traf between West Perth and Leederville. rear the Thomas-street overhead bridge shortly after 10 o'clock a main sprung a leak, a stream of water d high pressure doing great damage to the permanent way sad piling up in a remarkable fashion a bak of sand that had the effect of interfering seriously with the railway service. Onward from 10.30 trains were brought to a stand still at the scene of the mishap and it ens only after considerable delay that the per manent way was rendered safe enough for trains to pass over. A gang of men, work ing vigorously, had order restored shoswy after 11 p.m. Wheat Growers and Railway Susin; - Drring the construction of the railway lines in the agricultural areas, the Minister ba, decided to allow the farmers to stack their "beat at the various sidings along the line' ur.de.r construction, so long as the railways aSr under the control of the Public Works Department, during which time no reals! will be charged for the areas required. Children's Court.-At the Children's Court yesterday, before Messrs. C. Blurton and J. L. Glick, J's.P., a boy who had received a Christmas present of a pea rile was fined 10s., with 12x. costs, for having destroyed as electric light globe, the property of the Subiaco municipality. For shooting at Lth. birds in King's Park he was also find 10L. with 7s. costs. Several youths ware aine and ordered to pay cats for breaches oft Perth municipal by.laws. An order to pay, past and future maintenance was made on der the State Children Act against a nar: relative of a State child. Friendly Societies Land, at Cotteles. The recent action in the Supreme Cour with reference to the land known as the friendly societies' property, adjacent to the Cottesloc Railway Station. was m-ntionae at the Cottesloe Council at its meting * Tuesday night, wheen eassrs. lope and Klem submitted a plan of tho new sub. division for this sub-lot. Cr. Meek said that the matter had already been before, the works committee, which had decided to refer the application to the council is order to find out the eacst position in nn nection with the subject. The Mayor (Mr. F. D. North) stated that, so far as he am see, there were only two ways to overcome the matter. One was for the case to a to the High Court. and the other was for the council to take steps. However. he did not think the Government would take further action by going to the High Court. The only thing that therefore remained was foee the district to interest itself, or, as as alternative, to ask the Government to re sume the land under ordinary powers. 'he matter was referred to the works com mittee. Methodist ladies' College.-The trusts of Wesley Church. Perth, award annfally three scholarships of £17 each for the stn dents of the college: two of these are awarded or the results of the senior awl junior University examinations. Now thai these results have come to hand, the Seninr Scholarship will go to Mit Isabel Mayse,. of Greonbushes, and the Junior to ime Jean Fimister, of Kalgoorlie. Women's Liberal League.--O Tuesaay evening last, the monthly meeting of the Perth central branch of the Women's Lib eral League was held at the rooms of the League in Hay-street. The president. ms. Baker, was in the chair and Lady Forrest was among those prment. Interesting per ticulars of the immigration work of the League was given by Mrs. Julef. The re retary, Mrs. Burnett, enrolled volunteers for the work of thueLeague in eonnectmi with the electoral rolls and claim cards. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to Lady Forrest. The Stamp Acts.-The publication of a compilation of the Stamp Acts of this State, with the various proclamations from time to time issued thereunder, and tables of duties. etc., is :nnounced by the law Book Co. of W.A. (G. J.'Hale). The stamp legislation of Western Australia exists t a somewhat complicated form extending as is does to six separate Statutes, comprising the principal Act of 1882, and amending Acts passed in 1893, 1902. 10M. 1906. awl 1913: and in addition to the statute them selves a good deal of. the machinery of the legislation is contained in regulationm and proclamations of various kinds. The book. which has a copious index, has been p-e pared by Mr. J. B. Mills. editor of the W.A. Law Reports Digest. City Council's Reception to the Agent General.-In the paragraph announcing that a civic reception was to be given to the Agent-General (Sir Newton Moore) upen hi arrival in the State it was made to appear that Lady Moore would be present. The Town Clerk stated yesterday that unfortn nately Lady Moore would nact be able to at tend, as she was remaining in England wait ing Sir Newton's return. State Labour Bnreau.-The report of the State Labour Bureau for the six mnthls ended December 31 last shows that the uns her of individual men who applied for work totalled 4,486. Employers made applica tion for 3,265 mcn5 a?d the engagple mets totalled 2,800. Persons assisted with ras way fares numbered 4, 791 men and 3 womenl. the vain. of thsea farm bert £7 Is. Sd. A" amount of 1?5 7-. s I, pra ' to revenue en account of farm. seal the am of £146 19s. 7d. was paid to trust amas (railway fares, boat farms. etc.). Durig.e the six months 1.128 domestic rvena. so plied for situations. The positiasi saisl able numbered 2,106, snd the a?gagemsae 1,001. Royal Agricultmai Soeety.--Ymeterdy afternoon at a meeting of the eomacil of lthe Royal Agricultural tociety the faiwing show dates for 1914 were deided oe;--eas. Parade. July 31 aiid iAugt 1; Noyal shw, October 6 to 10 inchlire. The )algorlie See.M--Yermdlay r the date as from which the Kslgoorwl ses in the Legislative Assembly, whic.h Mr. Gas resigned in order to contest the Labour u. lection ballot for the Kalgo?rlie wata t' Federal Hnouse of Representatives wa des ed vacant. The Clerk of Writs (l]r. Strbierg has not yet receivedr a warrant for the i of a writ for the election of a new mmher., but be exper that it ?.ill reach him day. He wril then dater for theept of nominations and the making of the pth. The Safest Railway Liane.--he sfae rail wayine in the world ouglht to ke the ihaa Central (U~.SA.). .o other railway. we. tainly, has carried it, pecainas agaisre accident into such minaute detail. Ar ee ral order ha, just been ied p plcbi er drivers, firemen, and cood.ctor-swees. in fact, who is concerned with t artal running of the trains- from earreyi n their watch-fce,' pier of meethearts. w.es, or babies. Swh pieiuee. r , ,. plained. are likely to ditract the stoetene of employees from thosr wrk. Remunerative Dairing.- The Diash "-. o perative Dairy. Pedersrrt. sd las yeir \- only 23.841b. of milk onas average t ase r Ilh. of butter agarnsm t 21.515. m tLhe peeio Syear. The averagle for all enetrnlel hies Sin 1912 was 255 A Fnae tem er w-tb five cowe bad an average ptnitctiaa of S10.068 Danish pommnds of mia per eow ,m 1912\. One of the coca prld'ed 13S.Wh of milk with 42 per ant. of hter faa -?s 6821b. of bntter Te wrolid hardly u a 4 r e Mda s the tLhia yeo do year puraoiag Is, if spites e to a /l. or kLbuaaJ ie a matera . e t ' B?eias cleth? c otas 55 tShe g of itl ComnecreaJ TsalJters Compasc*t. W. sa4 I'r. lla-strreet (ptatu. will til. ,e tc ai . Sacr Ithit iset eeet. frciisrr t 55 *f Ir t ,. Sae irr * i ,-a5 Rrse?tir, e 1-1.4 Is. .m,"s. *oe th. 's Inwir Ifree f rat'Nrra ione rrc ** iM.tr pntlisa . 2e ct y" W I .Wl, an bsnt Jmrtiss. ti. Mr , s R.a. mesia . mrntle. LP· Empe r** * ( my Mr s .. Wehh. Pltlly, r."l It III C litino Ia n!l three. me-t*te ietl sserd tetlser 1b lonnt'red ccii s-st ibe 5 atitesties is des** C- m.aterCce it r .utihsjWest pipliersSn Its h.-l4 by Is fS. ,,5 Im-r t .. eiosa. A 35 O'see*sPabew rn -day t I pMr Oi Tr ,esv ele se ersthait isstisceitese witi We. Wc Je he will~ tar at asetamer We@ e*r ee Sg · Isr sill nts' ei ssiCii a Ie. eee !ci in.Iee the r,.rtes '- We* i 0 tag... tIn-ltr lIssfhnr rut W: lreste Thi ' e ali *U s* by n ,,. r?t In Sb.rp r , t 'ss , rsr S ? th perv p. S.rta (t wic·t-i t,,-. ot j **'seaybt se, q.m ri. t lmirestel t te 4 e3, 7..l·tr. tr ,· li,,"II, dr # ar Ies,- · i.. s i-te'sr a s it b.* i4 I t arS5e* t se '...et t. i. biht ta-ti *t St ae g Sswrbe?a-, il,- If.. ter- .*l5 ale? h . - ,tri r, t miltrtre tar at lt . pq p., tieatile * .fr-s4 Cs the ewes.e., to' PI J 's'fl l-seuaogie (qI) If g vs~is vir *ii'*". ¶t***e*nqj . so Wr Wppre~·nt, avir -refw r-e forg . teadefr is Brthear 