COUNCIL OF WOMEN AUSTRALIAN DELEGATES The quinquennial congress^ of the ■•National Council of Women will be held this year at the Quirinal Hotel, Rome, ; from May 5 "to 14. rv .••" - •. Delegates from Australia have al ready been chosen, and it is lioped'they will all be able to attend, as this con gress is one of world-wide interest. Mrs Henry Dobson. of the Tasmanian Council, will be present as the Austra lian. president. Mrs "Vickery is- the • chosen delegate for immigration, ' and Splendid papers have been prepared for her by Mrs Darff. Mrs Martin Donahoe will represent the health committee, and will read papers prepared by Dr Grace Boelke. Mrs Arthur I.assetter is _to advocate better laws for women and the annihilation of the white slave traffic, trie particulars of these two ^subjects coming- from' Miss Rose Scott \- and Mrs Nolan/Miss Sutherland stands for eduoation, and will deliver a lecture prepared by Miss Fidler, who has had ko much to do with university women. Miss Edith Fry, who will urge univer sal suffrage and the granting "of the rights of citizenship to w'omen, .will read a paper prepared by Miss Rose •"Scott, who as '.veil is responsible for the general report of the National Council of Women here. ' The badge worn by delegates at the conference is a monogram brooch, com posed of the letters I.C.W. . These "badges are facsimiles of that given to ^jiss Susan B. Anthony in 1S,8.S' .at; the iirst International Congress of Women. Special railway facilities ,^re being -arranged by the Italian authorities, and so that the \ris*t°rs to .Rome will have every opportunity for sightseeing' expert guides will be in charge of the representatives, \\\rho "will divide into different groups, accor'ding to the lan guage they speak. . - •The Austrian Council of Women has issued an invitation for tfae visiting de legates to break their homeward trip at Vienna. - :: Seating arrangemerts at the Con ~gT£'ss have been arranged so as"to avoid x'.onfusion—each delegate will find her seat under her national flag-. Subjects for debate have already been' 3>ut before - the different committees. ,The women of France wish that a standing committee 'be formed to con sider trades, professions, and . employ ments for women. Danish women ad vocate a standing committee on tem perance. The peace committee desires -that every Government be persuaded ■to use mediation, even where the most vital issues are concerned, and, above all, this committee is anxious that provision be made for the protection of women and the preveniton of_ xvi'ohgs * against women in time of war—the need for legislation in this direction was shown during- the Turko-Bulgarian war. ;: Other .reforms under debate will con fpern the equal rights . of parents in .regard to children, and it • is proposed that a State authority be empowered 4° make a decision where the parents kre unable to come to an agreement. •5 The combined National'" Councils will diseuss-the necessity of juvenile courts -(which we in Australia arerfortunate: enough to have already), and permis sion for women to preside .over . these courts (South Australia possesses this' right, being ahead of the other State?-' already, in eight other social reforms). : Still other pressing needs have arisen since tlie congress of 1909. and "debates will ensue upon the need .of, legal -pro Vision being- made for the maintenance, of wives and children, arid, adso for de >. serted wives and children, -whether legitimate oiv illegitimate, * "'Women;' of '^iff^reht"-- nylon's'--"rar'<& anxious that girls be instructed in the laws affecting women and children, as weir as, in the civil duties- devolv ing-upon women;;that it be made com pulsory; for'ail employment and agency bureaus to* obtain licenses (a pressing1 need, as was.shown here lately when "some agency bureau methods were dis closed by this paper); that authorised supervision "Be made for immigrant girls travelling- on board ship (at pre sent they are allieg'ed to be under the care. of the stewardess, who, however, has her time too much occupied for chaperonag-e of these girls); . and that definite'steps be taken for the sup pression of houses of ill-fame. During the evenings the Oountess of Aberdeen will preside over public lec tures.The subjects already chosen are: Life of women in riiral districts, in cluding rural professions for women, and bow to make life attractive in rural districts; juvenile delinquency, its causes and means of.' prevention, with its attendant arguments for recreation as a preventive,- and the riecess'ty of proper play grounds; and, finally, the economic aspects of women's work, bringing forward for discussion the un paid services of housewives. • Australia's and San Francisco's invi tations to members of the Women's' Councils will be considered during the conference. The Norwegian women have been asked to extend their hospitality for the next quinquennial congress, to take place at Ghristiania in 1819. 