'EMPIRE TRAE. COIMMISSION'S REPORT.. ADDITIONAL SUGGESTIONS. "LONDON, 28th January. In their report of their recent visit to Australia and New Zealand the members of the Doininions Trade- Commission state that they were deeply impressed Throughout Australasia by the desire of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations. Not only was there a tariff preference, but also a clear and distinct preference based upon sentiment and patriotism. IMMIGRANTS AND AGR.ICULTURE. Discussing the question of emigration, the report of the commission states: "Labor saving machinery is much more used for agriculture in Australia and New Zealand than in Europe. Comparisons show that in proportion, to the population England's agricultural -and pastoral pur suits are smaller than those of the Ulited States and many European countries, whilst the ratio of her town population is excessive. Since the mother country is al ready dependent upon oversea sources for a considerable proportion of her food and raw material, the commission is impressed with the desirability of as large a portion as possiblle of the Dominions being occu pied by a population which will assist in the development of the primary resources. The best age for immigrants is from sixt.:en to twenty-four. Thle town-bred youth often finds his feet quicket in a new environ ment than the rustic lad. Australia and New Zealand's' rquiilements are largely ful filled by well-disposed youths who, by their environment in the United Kingdom, have been forced into blind alley *employments, and by youths "from the industrian schools." The commission found no evidence to support the contention that only those who have followed agriculture in the old country can become successful igriciultur ists in Noew Zealand. There. is a strong undercurrent of opl)ositio? in Australia and New Zealand to 'immigration, princi pally among the urban wago. earners and, artisans who regard 'iiiigiration' as :like.y to increase comipetition in the. skilled labor nmarket. . The commission believes, that this hostility arises mainly from the pre serit defects ii the immigration system; Discussing female emigration, the re port states:---"The surplus in Great Britain is mainly in the.residential towns,and con sists principally of etderly ladies and woman servants. The first are not- possible as emigrants, and the servants can ill be spared. The ranks of .female domestics have been depleted by the demands of com mercee and industry in the United King dom, as compared with twenty years ago." The commission intends to deal with this matter in greater detail in its final 're port. FAMILY EMIRATION. Dealing with th1e difficuity of family emi gration, the commissioners state:-'.'The parents are often 'too old to settle dbwn comfortably.. The man is tempted to es tablish himself prematurely as a farm owner or tenant, but.ready made farms are not existent to any large extent. . Farming. :on the share system is -extending in Auas tralia; -and- is highly commendable: The organisation of family emigration will en tail considerable 'public expense. before an ideal system is reached.". SThe report also reconends the' fuller. use of the methods adopted 'at the Go reminent farm for boys at Pitt Town,' New South Wales. which is described as an admirable institution. ..The -opinion is "also " expressed ' that it is undesirable to leave the duty of- describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested passage agents. A widespread feeling .existed, which the commission considered justifi able, tlhat misrepreseiltation was not' un commen, though there had been few cases of actual fraud. The report continues:-"The possibility of making greater use of the. British' labor exchanges deserves close attention, par ticularly in connection. wit j"uvenile: emi gration. The commission recominends. the greater co-operation of the lhoe and A'us tralasian Governments regarding the emi gration of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whoni are ,willing to go to Aus tralia and New Zealand and buy land. Tthe saving which, would be effected by direct immigration from India would allow of considerable financial assistance being given-to such .emigrants. "The commission is favorably im-i'essed with the German settlements of Queens land and South Australia, and the Danish, Swedish and Norwegian farmers of Vic toria Such immigration would be a whole some addition to New. Zealand and south ern Australia.' - SHIPPING SElRVICEDS Regarding tihe Suer Cinal, the commis sion is impressed with the' capacity of the canal to deal without" undue delay with 15,000 ships. as against 5000 as at pre: sent., provided certain traffic regulations are observed It is also impressed with -the increasing ability of the canal to, take vessels of deep draught The canal would shortly be. 30 feet deep, but the commis sion was doubtful whether this was suffi cient to provide for the ,necessities of a quick ocean service to Australia. The fact that the Panama Canal gives z deuth of 40 feet woy.ld accelerate the already :rapid increase in the size -nd. draugh; of ocean carriers. The report, continuing. .says:-"It is doubtful whether the auth;ioities of Aus tialia and New Zealand harbors are pro perly alive to the quick increase in draught which is in prosnect. The -roner standard is 40 feet. Exceptirn Sydney,' Hobart, Wel lington and Auckland -the harbor facilities are considerably below the standard, and we carninot urge too strongly that the go. verning bodies of the ports should devote earnest consideration to the problemn of deepening harbors. "Any semi-automatic renewal of the mail contract, with slight improvement asre gards speed and conditions, and -.a slight decrease in cost, would be inadequate as a solution of the problem, which needs to be handled on.broader lines, giving full consideration to all variants, partuicularly to the speed restrictions of Suez Canal There are grave reasons to doubt ihe reality of competitio'n under the present arraneements. The continuance ofa ouasi monopoly for a long period will nrobably be injurious to the developlnment. of ship ping. as it removes the great incentive t the construction of faster ships. No ma contract is satisfactory whic-i does no' provide for a speed at sea considerably 'in excess of that of the unsubsidised lines. "The commission draws attention ti complaints tlhat outward bills of ladl' are out of date and unduly complicated in favor of the ship owners as againzt cus tomers. Nevertheless evidence was .found that many companies granted retires which they were not legally compelled t give. Evidence of the strength of th.e shipping ring in London w:as so great that. combined action by the importers was of little avail." ' Thlie report also draws attention to t1 possibility of amendimig. the United King dom lawi in order to bring it into line withl the Aus'tralit'n Sea "Carriage Act 1904. Reg.rding the efforts of the British Cot ton Growing Association to cstablish cot ton growing in -the Commonwealth, the commissioners deny that expelrience has shown that cotton can only be successfully grown by blaok'labor. On' he contrary, 75. icei" cent. of the' labor used was ?hit?e; It tnas nossible thate:the ?M'altese would far-.!' nislijust :the- tkype of labor requred. It was estinated that cotton pickinig h Aus traha cost 3d.. peDr lb. as agait .Id't d in. tlie& Southern States of Amnirica: Tliche. was evidence that the quality ofAiustralian cotton was such as to justify the expecta -tion that a higher price would be secured for it than for that from most of -the recog nsse?Lcotton countries. ,There. was:also-tue possibility of the. cotton. picking machine reducing the importance of- the Australian labor factor, and it snould also-be possible to organise small growers into an associa tion for picking cotton on the co- operative system. 