CURRRENT NEWS. "WEATHER FORECASTS. The following forecasts were issued yes tcrday by tihe Commonwealth Divisional Mcteorologist : Newcastle District- Fine, pleasant day ; cold, foggy night; north-east winds. Nmew South Wales (0 p.m.).-Fine gcne. rally, except fur a shower or two in the extreme south-cast ; many fogs and frosts in the highlands; variable winds. Mr. J. G. Bryant, the Government fruit expert, will give a pruning and spraying demonstration at Mr. M'Aulilffe's orchard, Fennell's Bay, at 2 p.m. on the 1Sth in stant. During the week ore was treated at the Sulphide Corporation Works, Cockle Creek, producing bullion containing 863S of gold, 43,61log of silver, and 615 tons of lead. A meeting of retail grocers to consider the best method of keeping prices down during the war is to be held at Bell and Son's store, Newcastle West, at 8 p.m. on Monday next.. At the commencement of the present month the inmates of the Newcastle and Northumberland Benevolent Society's Home at Waratah numberod 50. The cost of maintaining the home during the month of July was £123 Os 7d, and during the same period £50 Os Cd was expended in providing outdoor relief. The Victorian immigration authorities have been advised that the Port Lincoln, which Is bringing 134 immigrants to the southern State, left Capctown on July 31, and should arrive at Melbourne on August 19 or 20. On board the vessels are 86' adult farm workers and 179 boys, and far m?rs who require assistance are asked to communicate with the department as soon as ssihble. SAccordfng to our Melbourne correspon dent, the editors of the newspapers in the Victorian capital are having rather lively times with the military censors, one jour ?nl having been threatened with suspen 1ion in the event of the publication of a certain paragraph which was objected to A tribute is paid to the excellent char acter of the German colonists in the State, and to the manner in which they are bear Ing themselves in their truly unenviable position. Other matters of current inter est are also commented upon. When Mr. Cook, the Prime Minister of the Commonwealth, made the offlctal an nouncement that Great Britain had declared war against Germany, he contented himself with calling the press representatives into his room at the Commonwealth buildings in Mel bourne, and giving, in a few words, the momentous news. According to our New Zealand correspondent, the announcement in the Dominion was much more dramatic for it was made by Earl Liverpool, the Governor, who, from the stops of Parliament House, Wellingtop, told a crowd of ten thousand people that the Empire was at war. The statement was followed by a louan hurrah, but it was evident, says our correspondent, that a large proportion of the crowd realised the extreme gravity of the position. A case refectirg the condition of the labour market In Sydney was heard at the Central Polico (teurt, Iesterday, when William Duncan Swconey, 41, was charg ed with obtaining money by false proe tences. The police prosecutor, in ask. ing for a remand for a week, said an ad vertisement was inserted in one of the ,ydney morning newspapers which stated that employment could bo. found fotr bricklayers, labourers, and other work crs in, a certain.part of Queensland if those in se.rch of work would call at a certain address in the city. This ad dress was that of an alleged employment bureau kept by the accused and another man. Scores cf men applied, and were told that they must pay a tee of 1ts each before they could be sent to the place where they would be given employment. Tho police considered this to be a fraud. About £40 had been received in fees paid by workmen who answered the advertise mont.' The accused was remandcd, bail brin fixed at .80, with. oane 'surety of Professor J. L. Myres,. a distinguished visitor with the British Association, d-o. livered a public lecture in MeIclbourno on the origin of the Greeks. Starting with the period about 4000 B.C., Professor Myres spokle of. influence of the geogsa phical environmeht .of the warm Medl terranean Sea upon the growth of cul. ture in primitive races. The warmth and the genial sunlight and the Dleasant conditions of the shores there helped the growth of civilisatlon, and the gradual rise of culture and of art wore to be read in tile remnants of pottery that lhad been discovered. Culture in particular grew in Crete, and rose to great heights, most artistic paintings being found on vases The lecturer described the Cretan civi. lisation, the. almost modern clothing of the people, and the luxurious palaces, of which remnants had been found on the site of the ancient city of Gnossus. This civilisatlon attained by the Cretan race spread to Greece. And then, from the north, from central Europe and the Blal* kans, penetrating through a. break . in the great mountain system, came a wild* or, rigger eand more barbarous race Simultaneously with their incursion into Greece came a degeneration in the cul-' ture, ehown plainly by the altered styles of vase paintings and an alteration -in the clothing, which changed to the sheet. like garment of the Greeks. It was from this welding of the stern Iarbarism eli the north and the gentler artistlc cul turo reared in the warm south that the Greek na'tlon was eventually built up with its energetic and unrivalled civllis. ation. The importance of the fact, con eluded the leooturer, could be Judged when it was remembered how the Greeks gave thblr civllisation to tnfe Iomans who penetrated westward to England. Thence went civllisation to America, and the new world. Daring tile week there was sllppt? at "iowcasllo for places beyond theo, State 78,809 tons coal, the proporlions, beln 52.602 tons for Co:nmonwealth and Now .ealand ports,and 230,147 tons forforolgn ports. Fo'r the corrspoanding week lIst. year the total wai 80,283 tone. Mr. Holmasn, the Gtato Prcmler,. in recelpt ,of a relily frios the 'Governor General of Canada to the telegram of symnpathy despatdlhed on the ocesalon of the sint.ing of the liner Emgpress of Ihe land. The smssago; is In thile followilig terms : - "On bobalt . of Govern mont of Canada and people please convey to Government of New South Wales dcep appreciation of their message of sympathy in recent appalling disaster." Shortly before one o'clcrk yesterday morning a fire broke out in Mcsars. CG. Bellamy and Company s dressmaking shop in Palramatta-road. Leicithardt, and tihe Marrr'kvllle and Lelchliardt Brigades found It necessary to use a hydrant to ecxtinguish it. Tho shop an(e contents were badly dnmaeed by fire and water, while thie contents of the other rooms in the building were allotted by smoke, IHalf-n-hour later a wooden motor gar age in Edwa.rd-street, Gordon, was prac. tically burnt ount, nd a motor car, be longing to M~r. Carter, of Moess Vale, seo verely damaged. William Gale, 38 years of age, boot finisher, was charged at the Rcdfern l'ollue Court ycesterday, before r. Payten, with shooting at Rachacl Kteauhne, Clara Gale, and Norman William J. iKenuhne. .with In tent to murder them at Rtedfern on July 10th. Norman William James Keauhne,. living at 1a( M2oorhead-strect, satted that the accused was the husband of Clara Gale, who was witness' stcp-daughter ; and she and her children lived with him. About 0.30o p.m. on July l0th. witness, his wife (laclhael Kcauhne), Mrs. Gale, a Mir. Boggs, and three children, were sitting 10 the dining-room at his house, when the accued, who was not living at the house, came from the doewnstnlrs bedroom, He stood at the end of the table, and said : " Whlt did he say then 7?" He drew a roevlver, and witness picked uip a chair to hit him with, when he said, "You come, too,'" and pointed the revolver at him. He stooped, and in the excitement his wife humped against him, and he stumbled and felL A bullet whizzed past his neck. iHe heard another shot fired, and saw bhie wife's face bleeding. He caught her up, and with two children was about to leave the room, when he heard another shot. Wiltness tooke his wife to Mrs Gaskll's, next door, and informed the police. When he returned, he found Mrs. Gale in Mrs. Gaskill's house, also wounded. Hie heard five shots altogether. Medlcal evidence was given to the effect that Clara GaOnle woas shot in the held and in the stomach, and was now in Callen' Parl IIospital. After frther evidence had been given, nac cused, who reserved his defence, was com mitted for trial. Copies of an Interrstnig statistical com pilation dealing with rno price of food stuffs in Great Britaln in 1913 were. re ceived in AusLralia by the last moll front London. The dbcument, which was iss.Lod under the authority of the British Board of Agriculture gives pai tliculara relating to marlket values of wheat, live stock and other agriculturol produce in England and Wales durlng 1913. 'The average price of whoea Is slated at als Sd per quarter. lThis was as ad per quarter below the average quotation for the preceding year, but exactly the same as that recoraed for 1911 and 1'Jl0. The average price of barley worked out at 370 3d per quarter of 4o0lb, or 3s 5d per quarter less than in 1913. The avera.ge for oats declined by 2s 5d. to 19s 1d per quarter, but, omitting the 1912 quotation, the rate es tablished for that ;ereal in 1913 was the highest since 1503. As regards fat stock and meat, the return states that prices for fat cattle underwent only a slight increase on the high level of 1912, but the rates for fat sheep and mutton showed marked advances, being, in fact, the high est renllsed since the early eighties. Rates for pork, bacon and hams also mov ed substantially against consumers. But ter on tile whole was cheaper than in 1912, although quotations remained well above tihe average of recent years. The variation in favour of buyers represented 4s 6d per cwt on Australian brands, 3s on. New Zealand, anil s Cd on Anrgentina makes, I:,rlsh crsam?r? r'eceding to the extent of 2s, and factory 7s Gd,. whulst Danish was 3s per cwt cheaper.on the average thin. in 5712. Consumers bno fited also by relatively lo~oer rates for cheese, but eggs were much dlarer, touclling 10s Sd per 120 for best .homo consignments marketed in November last The statistics relating to milk reveal an advance of slightly more than ld per gal lon. In Social News on page 11 there will be found reports of the weddings of Mr. D. A. BLrrell and Mfsis H. .lneinn, at Hnm 1lton, and Mr. H. A. Alexander and Miss 1,. A. Webster, at Cesanuck. 