NEWS OF J'lJlS DAY. -- To ensure correct classification, it is specially requested that advertisers will lodge their advertisements at this office before 6 p.m. on Friday and 7 pan. on other days. "Advertisements left at news agencies should be lodged correspondingly earlier. « '' ££?"sn Representatives spent a time" afternoon yesterday, while waiting for the more important bsnincss- of the day, which was the delivery of the Federal Budget. This did not take place till after the dinner adjournment. All the -Government had to bring forward in the earlier part of the day was the somewhat threadbare Commonwealth Banking Bill. This measure ' lias already been discussed more than once on the second reading. Tt was discussed again yesterday for about four hours, between 2.30 and 0.30 p.m. Its main purpose is to enable the Common wealth Bank to acquire at a valuation the business of any private bank that is will ing to ,be taken over. There is also pro vision for authorising the Petting up of a savings bank business in London. Air. West, 'Mr." Laird Smith, Mr. Parker Ala- loncy nnd Afr. fY. Afaloney, all Govern ment supporters, made speeches in favor of the bill, and Mr. 'Atkinson and Afr. Rodgcrs, from tlie other side of tihe House, opposed it.. At 6.30 the debate was ad journed in favor of the Budget, which was the exclusive business for the rest of the sitting. The newly-constituted State Parliament assembled at 11 a.m. yesterday to enter on its first session. There were five new mem bers of the Legislative- Assembly to he sworn in — four on the Government benches and one on- the Opposition side of the House. The swearing in ceremony was performed by Afr. Justice Hodges, who was appointed a royal commission by the State Governor to undertake that duty. When, after the formal ceremonies, the Assembly met for business, the Address in Reply was moved by Afr. Rouget, tlic new Liberal member for Evelyn, who spoke with perfect- self-possession for hourly an hour. Afr. Afitcholl (Goulbum Valley), who seconded the motion, appeared to bo suffering from nervousness. There were rumors in circulation that the leader of the Opposition, intended to submit n want of confidence motion on the Government's action in connection with the setting aside of wheat prices fixed by the Price of Goods/Board, hut the sitting closed with the sword of Damocles' still suspended, Afr. Elmslie stating that he 'would demand a full explanation in the coming week, and moving the adjournment of the House. After passing references to the unemployed problem by Opposition members, the House' rose until Tuesday next. A little while before the Legislative As sembly, met yesterday it seemed as if the proceedings of the Chamber would be of that' headless character 'indicated by the common simile of "the play of Hamlet without the appearance of tlie Prince of without the Prince of Denmark." Tlie writs were- returnable on Wednesday hist, .but several of theni had not come to hand. There wore no writs for some of the. chief figures in tlie dramatjs persona:. — no writ, above all, for Sir Alexander Pea cock, the Premier; none for Ate. Living ston, the 'Alinistcr of Educntion; none for Air. Gray, honorary Alinistcr; and in the same position were half a dozen of the- smaller stars in the political firma ment on 'both sides of the House. As the writs were not available, the Premier, his colleagues nnd the other members, it ap peared, could not lie sworn in. Constitu tional authority was hurriedly consulted, ami revealed that there was no help for it, and that tlie unfortunate Alinisters and members could not take their scats. The position was retrieved by the sudden arri val of the majority of the writs; nnd the Premier and the Alinistcr of Education were thus enabled to attend the ceremony; but in Uic ease of Air, J. Gray (Swan Hill) and Mr. A. Gray (Korong) the writs did not arrive while the House was sitting. The occurrence wis due to the fact- that the writs were returnable only one day before lira House met, anil the returning officers, following their ordinary practice, did not forward them until the date fixed 'by proclamation for their return. Several interesting side issues have de veloped in the Federal Parliament out o'f the inibtary canteen controversy. An ardent advocate c If tho "wet" canteen re cently made a flank attack on the temper ance party by disclosing the fact that a so-called temperance drink had been found to contain 3.7 per cent, of alcohol. In reply to another , question, the Alinistcr of Customs stated yesterday that analyses Showed that English ale contained from 7 to 14 per cent- of proof spirit, colonial ale 8.3 per cent., imported , lager beer 9.8 per cent., and Australian lager. 'beer from 9.4 to 92) per cent. Alcmibera expressed Burprisc that lager boor, which is popularly supposed to bo a light and comparatively impotent beverage, is really "Readier" than Aus- tralian ale. . ; , i;. " ; In " relation to the collection of official statistics as to the tost of living, t.he at tention of the Commonwealth Statistician (Afr. G. H. Knibbs) 1ms been, drawn to the fact that in various cases in certain towns of the Commonwealth, though nominally the rents of houses 'have not. been reduced, only about one- half of these /nominal rents is being paid' and demanded. To pretend that ill- cases where only one week's rent is ac cepted for two weeks, or even a longer period, there has been no reduction in rent is grossly misleading. Again, in other eases, though it appeal's that rents of tenants in occupation remain unchanged, the rents of houses as they become vacant are reduced. Any failure to take into ac count the effect of those.' conditions, whore they exist, in the returns of rent sent. by house agents to Afr. Ivnibb3 is, of course, misleading, and the particulars incorrect. Public attention is drawn, to the matter m order to avoid enforcing tho penal pro visions of the Census and Statistics Act 1905, which provides for a penalty of £50 for a return which is untrue in any ma terial particular. F'or ye.-irs past there luis been in the Ra ilway department -a standing instruction to locomotive drivers, not to use their steatn whistles unnecessarily. Recent events have suggested to the Railway Com missioners that some drivers take a niis- cliievous delight in making as much noise as possible, using their wliistles as 'a boy uses a toy, . and amusing! themselves by the process of annoying ! other people. Tho Commissioners have taken steps to press under the notice of every driver the instruction regarding whistles, with an intimation that any man who wilfully dis obeys it will be severely dealt with. . Certain aspects >f tho "white Aus tralia" polk-y were discussed at the Angli can synod yesterday. Rev. A. AV. Cress- weil submitted a motion condemning the Immigration Act as "oppressive, un-Britisli, opposed' .to the law of God, and menacing tlie morality of the Australian community," since it practically prohibited the Chinese already domiciled amongst us from having their wives here." Rev. T. Quinton seconded the motion. "We must distinguish in our minds," said' Arch bishop Clarke, "between our political duties as citizens and our duties as christians and churchmen. This is a diffi cult political question for the whole of Australia. It has been liintcd that it may bo necessary to discuss this matter openly m the future, and that the policy which is behind it may have to be modified. But in -this motion we are asked to say that it is not right, to separate a man from his wife by those laws which operate at pre sent against the Chinese resident here. I have no hesitation in sajiiig that, much from a Christian and church point of view. I myself feel we pre perfectly justified in passing this motion, and' saying, as church men, and without expressing any opinion at all on the political side of the matter, that here is a social problem where you separate a man from his wife, and against that social problem wc have a 'right to protest.', Without further discussion, the resolution was adopted by 82 votes to 16. The council chamber of the To mi Hall was crowded with an enthusiastic audience on Tuesday night, in response to an invi tation from the Lord .Mayor and Airs. D. V. Hcnnessy, to form a society for seri culture in Victoria, ft was decided that the bash- of membership for adults be a subscription of 2/6 annually and for ehil- <lr V, this money to be used in pur chasing the "grain" (eggs) of the proper species of silkworms from Europe. A depot will lie establislicd for the distribu tion of tho leaves of the white mulberry to members. A Supreme Court writ has been issued on behalf of H. Goldman, trading as D. Bernard and Co., claiming £3000 damages from tlic Herald and Weekly Times Ltd. for alleged libel contained in the P'10 of the "Herald" of 13th November last. Thtr matter was mentioned in the J ractiee Court yesterday by Mr. H. 1. Cohen to Mr. Justice a'Beckett. Counsel explained that the publication complained of# "was that, amongtjt others, a military nud \yas made on the business premises of plaintiff in Collins-street. This informa tion was published in the 3.30 p.m. and 4.30 p.m. editions of the "Herald," but as a matter of fact no visit was made until 4.o5 p.m., when an officer in plain clothes called nt the Bourke-strcet premises, and mqde some formal inquiries tnere. The officer was offered an inspection of all documents on tlie premise, which he re fused to make. Afr. Starke (who repre sented the defendant company) remarked: —"The military entered the" premises all the same." His Honor made the usual order for pleadings, discovery, interroga tories, and fixed the place of trial at Afel- bourne before a judge and a jury. A suit for divorce was finally dealt with before Air. Justice a'Beckett in the Rrae-' tice Court yesterday. Petitioner was Crissie A. AI. Martin, 26, of Victoria- street., Carlton, and respondent Arthur Frederick , Afartin, 29, laborer. ' The ground was misconduct. Air. Atanchcster appeared for petitioner. The parties were married at LauueeSton on 30th June, 1909, and there -were two children. The evi dence was that respondent had been in the habit of visiting a certain bouse in Exhibition-street. A decree nisi for dis solution of the marriage was granted. '- A winding up order was made 'by. Air. Justice a'Beckett in the . Practice Court yesterday against the Residential Country Olub and Golf Links Ltd. Air. Sholton supported a petition in the matter by Thomas Ralcer, company manager, who siatetk that he reside'! at the Oriental Hotel, Collins-street, AfcFbourne. .The company was, be said, incorporated in February, 1913, the nominal capital 'being £20,000, divided into 20,000 shares of £1 each. The nmount of the capital credited as paid up, according to a. return in tho office of the Registrar-General, was £5000. The object of the company was to acquire from the Residential Golf Links Proprietary Ltd., at Gisborne, its interest in certain land in (bo Danish of Gisborne, and to use tlie same for sporting or club purposes. Petitioner obtained judgment against the company on 30th f-'eptember, 1014, for debt and costs amounting to £S6 12/4, the action being one on a dishonored cheque. The judg ment had not heen satisfied, and petitioner asked that 'the company be wound up by tlie court. His Honor granted the appli cation, and appointed Air. L. I. Barker liquidator. The whole of the time at the meeting of the Trades Hall Council last evening was devoted to a lecture ou Town Planning, by Air. Ohas C Reade, organiser of the Aus tralasian to tut planning tour. The lecture, which was heard for the first time by ncavlv all Die delegates, was attentively listened' to, and at the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Air. Reade. fn connection with the unveiling cere mony of the Atatthew Flinders memorial at Drorannu to-morrow, the local progress association lmS arranged that for the con venience of intending visitors the pa. Ozone will run a special trip, leaving Port Alelboumo at 10 a.m., and reaching Dromana about 2 p.m. (after landing tlie Afmistering Children's League picnic at Queeiisclift). Passengers may return from Dromana by the -Hygcia at 5.30 p.m. 