The Gazette PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY. WITH SUPPLEMENT. The Gisborne Gazette is an Advertising Medium of the Gisborne, Melton, Bulla, Romsey, Bacchus Marsh Shire Councils FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1914 PRUSSIAN PREDOMINANCE. Though it is somewhat early to anticipate what will occur at the close of the great war now being waged, it is safe to say that there will be such a rearrangement of the map of Europe as will put an end for all time to the power for evil of the Confederation of German States brought about by the genius of that master of duplicity and statecraft, Bismarck. The present war, which has been compared to an Armaged- don, is only the outcome of the battle of Sadowa, when the Aus- trians, being defeated, were obliged to resign the headship of the Ger- man Confederation to their Prus- sian rivals. The war of 1870-71, which laid France at the feet of Prussia (for the name "Germany" was scarcely used in those days), completed the scheme of Bismarck to bring about a federation of the dtates of Germany, under the head- ship of the northern power. It must be admitted that the advance of Ger- many since as a manufacturing coun- try has been marked and rapid; but, side by side with this progress, the militarism of Prussia loomed large and sinister. The great wealth pro- duced by the industrious Germans has been used in building up a mili- tary system which was not only a grievous tax on the people of Ger- many, but was also a menace to the civilised world. The bad faith of the Hohenzollerns to the neighbour- ing States, which were, at intervals, despoiled of their territory, has be- come proverbial. Take, for instance, the case of Schleswig and Holstein: Both States, though enjoying auto- nomy, formed part of the Kingdom of Denmark. Though the inhabi- tants of Holstein were mostly Ger- man, the people of Schleswig were as largely Danish. Bismarck had his eye on both these Duchies. He sup- ported Russia in its brutal suppres- sion of the Poles in 1863, and the next year put his plan into effect to annex the two Danish provinces. France and England weakly allowed this act of national spoliation. Prussia, as represented by the Kaiser and his military advisers, has continued its course, disregarding treaties, and aiming at no less than a world dominion. Great Britain, with her colonies and commerce, has long been marked out for ultimate destruction. Hence the building of a powerful navy, which could have no other object, and the cutting of the Keil Canal, to give readier access to the sea; hence, also, the formation of the Triple Alliance, which, it was thought, would be powerful enough to overcome all opposition. There were, however, other factors which do not appear to have been suffici- ently taken into account by the Kaiser and his advisers. The per- fidy of Prussian diplomacy has caused that Power to be distrusted by all the nations. Italy was but a half-hearted ally, as she could not be enthusiastic over a war in which she had nothing to gain, and in which a German triumph would mean a de- feat of her aspirations on the other side of the Adriatic. Austria has been used as a catspaw by Prussia, as, owing to the great diversity of races in the Empire, she, too, has much to lose, and little to gain, by a successful war. Approximately there are 12,000,000 Germans, 10,000,000 Magyars, and 24,000,000 Slavs in Austria. Such a mixed population could not be expected to present a united front in the Titanic struggle that is now taking place be- tween the Teuton and Slav on the battleground of Europe. Of the outcome of the war, how ever protracted it may be, there can lie no doubt. There are rumours that Austria, which up to this has had to bear the brunt of the Russian invasion, may yet make a separate peace. The alternative course, of continuing the war, can only end in the dismemberment of the polyglot Empire. In the meantime, the simple course of compelling Prussia to surrender her ill-gotten territory will put an end for all time to the German, or rather the Prussian, idea of world dominion. The restora- tion of Poland would create a power- ful buffer State in Central Europe. France must, of course, get back Alsace and Lorraine, with a neutral zone between Belgium and Germany. The restoration of Schleswig and Holstein to Denmark would carry with it the Keil Canal, and dissipate the dreeam of an all-powerful Ger- man navy, while the loss of her colo- nies would still further check Ger- many's naval aspirations. The states- manship of a Bismarck would pro- bably have averted such a combina- tion as Germany has now to face, for defeat, which appears inevitable, may result in dynastic changes which will exclude the Hohenzollerns from the reigning families of Europe, and remove the German menace which has hung for years past over the nations. HELD OVER —Owing to pressure, we are obliged to hold several matters over. School Changes.—As will be seen by our Riddell letter, Mr G. L. Mitchell, tlio head teacher of the Riddell State school, has accepted the more important charge of the Mirboo North S.S. Though Mr Mitchell's many friends will be glad to hear of his promotion, regret will be felt because of his approaching departure. Our correspondent, no doubt, voices the feeling of Riddell on the subject, and we may add that during his residence at Gisborne Mr Mitchell made many friends. Not only was he a most capable teacher, but he was a most useful citizen, taking an active interest in the affairs of the town. Mr Mitchell's Gisborne friends will join congratulations with those of Riddell on a change that means pro- motion to Mr Mitchell. BELGIAN FUND ENTERTAINMENT.— The proposed entertainment in aid of the Belgian fund on the 7th prox., is meeting with good support, and as the prices are very low, none seem to grudge an ad- ditional effort on behalf of the brave Belgians, who have done and suffered so much during this terrible war. Nearly all the songs will have choruses, in the rendering of which the audience is re- quested to join. A dance will follow. TENDERS —The following were the ten- ders received by the Gisborne Shire Council on Tuesday last, for the erection of a storage battery house, in connection with the electric lighting of Gisborne :— T. Grieve, £134; H. Brandum, £113. It was recommended that the lowest tender be recommended for acceptance, but in view of the urgency of the work the building to be proceeded with with- out delay. A COMING BAZAAR — The ladies of St Brigid's and other churches of the Gis- borne parish have been preparing, for some time, for a Baaaar to be held in the Gisborne Mechanics', to liquidate the debt on St Brigid's Parish. The date has been fixed from Friday, October 23rd, and the bazaar will be termed the October Fair. The jinker, which will be the first prize in the art union, will be on view at the Gisborne monthly sale, on the 3rd prox. DRESSMAKING.—Miss Bartlett an- nounces in our advertising columns that dressmaking is still carried on, and ladies are assured of promptness and thorough satisfaction in the completion of their orders. MEN AND LADS FOR FARM WORK. — The steamer Themistocles, which is ex- pected to arrive in Melbourne about the beginning of October, is bringing to Victoria a party of 70 men and 170 lads, whom it is desired to place in the country districts as soon as possible after their arrival. The Immigration Bureau, of 555 Flinders street, Melbourne, is desirous of receiving information from any farmers or other country employers who may be in need of labour. Owing to the dry conditions which are being experienced in the northern parts of the State, it is recognised that the demand for farm labour is, under present circum- stances, not nearly so great as would be the case under ordinary conditions, but it is hoped that all employers who may have any vacancies, or who may have opportunities of placing men in any way, will lose no time in sending in the neces- sary advice. DENTISTRY —Mr H. de Gruchy an- nounces that, in consequence of sale day having been postponed to the 3rd prox., his next visit to Gisborne will not be uniil that date. BICYCLE ACCIDENT —Mr Lanyon, who had his shoulder dislocated by a fall from his motor cycle, through colliding with a calf on the Riddell road on the 13th inst., is, we are pleased to learn, under the treatment of Dr Daly, progressing favourably. DRILLING.—About 14 members of the Gisborne Rifle Club were put through infantry drill by Capt. Barker in the Gisborne Mechanics' Hall on Tuesday evening. THE ROYAL SHOW —Despite the un- favourable season, the Royal Show was a great success, the entries (10,000) forming a record. The attendance was also large. The following were amongst the local prize-winners: Draught stallion (colt, lyr.), E. Watson, 2nd. John Cockbill took most of the prizes for Suffolk Punches. In the section for stallion over 3 years, O. J. Syme took first and reserve champion. In the cattle section, Geo. Tweddle took 2nd for heifer 1 year. J. A. Beattie took most of the-prizes for Herefords. ARBITRATION. — An arbitration case was entered upon by Mr Justice Cussen in the Banco Court on Monday. The parties were Harold Staughton as claim- ant, and respondent was the State RIvers and Water Supply Commission. The amount claimed was L3.500, as compen- sation for land taken by the Water Commission for the site of a dam in the Werribee Gorge, and for land which will be submerged as the result of the for- mation of the dam. The land in question forms part of the Exford Estate, the major portion of which was purchased by the Government for closer settlement purposes. As the parties were unable to agree upon the price to be paid for the site of the dam, it will be the duty of Mr Justice Cussen, after hearing evidence, to fix the amouut to be paid by the Water Commission. The proceedings are ex- pected to extend over several days. WHEN YOU'RE WAKING —Jump out of bed at once, and don't bother about the cold or the Queen of the May, just jump into your nice cold plunge, and gasp and flutter—you know ! like you always do. And then, when you're dressed, adopt the wise king's advice, write to the Secretary, Eight Hour Art Union, Sydney, enclosing him the shilling necessary for a ticket, and, in a few weeks from now, you may find that you've won a diamond tiara value L850. You would'nt grumble much, would you if you won any other of the 400 prizes (value L4000) which are offered this year? 