NORTH OF PARIS ALLIES RESIST GERMANS BATTLE FIERCELY FOUGHT THRILLING INCIDENTS The seat of the French Government has been changed temporarily to Bordeaux. After three days' fighting north of Paris, the Allies' lines remain unbroken, while the German attack is weakening. The British retired under enormous pressure, but are now defying the enemy's concentrated weight in new positions. Whole divisions of German infantry have disappeared. A war correspondent says that: —"A few more such days, and the German Fourth army will cease to exist." The Russians finally routed the Austrians at Lemberg on Tuesday with enormous losses. The Russians took 30,000 prisoners and captured 150 guns. The British Ambassador at Washington is reported to have informed Dr. Woodrow Wilson that Britain would view with great displeasure the purchase of German ships in large numbers in the United States. The German papers in New York publish statements that Canada and Australia are really mobilising troops in order to throw off the British yoke while Britain is embroiled on the Con- tinent. THREE DAYS' FIGHTING ALLIES' LINES UNBROKEN GERMANS' STRIKING POWER Losing Its Force. LONDON, Sept. 3. The French Ambassador at Washington (M. Jusserand) has announced that a battle has been in progress for three days in the Ham and Vervins districts, with alternate progress and retrogressions by the Allies. The French left has yielded somewhat, but remains unbroken, while in the Vosges Mountains the French right continues to gain ground. The "Daily Telegraph" war correspon- dent says that the Allies are being driven back by sheer weight of numbers, but it is an orderly retirement, and not a retreat "as if all the moves in this frightful cam- paign had been arranged beforehand, could not have been carried out with greater pre- cision." The German army has gradually narrowed the principal attacking point until now it is a V-shaped mass. It is not, however, pointing directly at Paris. There was severe fighting on Monday all along the line, but, except near one place, which was the Allies' extreme left, the Ger- mans made no progress. The troops state that the Germans' strik- ing power is weakening, as a result of their terrible losses at Mons, Charleroi, and St. Quentin, their frontal attacks on Sunday and Monday being not nearly so determined as they were during the fighting in Bel- gium. At midnight on Tuesday the following official communique was issued:— "The Allies' left wing has fallen back to- wards the south-west, in consequence of the continuation of the German envelop- ing movement. "The retreat was due to the necessity of avoiding the acceptance of a decisive action, which might have been entered upon under unfavourable conditions. The British rested on Sunday, though the French on the right of the British were fiercely attacked throughout, particularly where the Germans were in much superior strength. The French accordingly retreated a short distance. The Germans renewed their attack, but two of their desperate on- slaughts failed to make any impression. ELITE OF KAISER'S ARMY. French Get Upper Hand. The correspondent of the London "Daily Telegraph" states that on Sunday the French, under General Pau, were on the British right. They were attacked by the 10th Gerrnan Army Corps and the Imperial Guard, But heroically received the on- slaught of the elite of the German army. Soon the French got the upper hand, and took up a vigorous offensive. They ham- mered away at the enemy, completely de- moralising them. One German army was completely broken and thrown into confusion, and, being cut off both sides from its supports, lost fearfully. The remnant withdrew, leaving an enormous number of dead and wounded in the valley, while many prisoners were taken. As, however, the French left was bent back, the offensive movement could not be persisted in. BRITISH VALOUR. French Officer's Admiration. The "Daily Telegraph" war correspondent has been informed by a French officer that the British Expeditionary Force is still in- tact, and continues to show superb valour in the face of colossal odds. "The losses the British take are far less than it gives," says the same writer. "They are in marvellous condition, and bear the strain even better than the French. They seem to be an army of athletes at the top of their form." MERCILESS COMBAT. British Defy Enemy. Monday's fighting in the great battle be- tween the Allies and the Germans north- east of Paris was as desperate as that of Sunday, when the enemy for hours made onslaughts on the British troops. Mr. M. H. Donohoe, the war correspon- dent of the "Daily Chronicle," who is now in the department of Somme, telegraphs to his journal as follows:— "The Fourth Ger- man Army has suffered appalling ooses in a further attempt to envelop the British force. Fresh artillery and infantry were sent to support the British, who re- tired under enormous pressure, and are now defying the enemy's concentrated weight in new positions. It has been throughout a merciless combat, in which the superiority of its artillery and the indomitable pluck of its infantry have enabled the British force to achieve its purpose of delaying the German advance. GERMANS LOSE DASH. Signs of Unsteadiness. "A few more such days and the Fourth German Army will cease to exist. Whole divisions of German infantry have disap- peared. The Germans persist in their massed attack tactics and demoralisation is increasing in their shattered ranks. The German infantry have lost their elan. They no longer push the attack with vigour, and they show marked signs of un- steadiness. Several times they fled during Monday's final assaults, despite their offi- cers' efforts to rally them. "The net result of the two days' battle has been that the Germans gained a few miles at an enormous cost. "There was a lull in the fighting on Tues- day morning." IRISHMEN IN ACTION. Gallant Fight Against Odds. The "Daily Chronicle" correspondent states that the Irish Battalion reached the front on Wednesday, after a hard night's marching. They were having breakfast when Ger- man cavalry suddenly appeared. The Irish- men took cover in perfect order. After thrice repulsing a greatly superior force, the battalion was forced to retire. Subsequently British cavalry gallantly drove the enemy from the excellent position they held. Prayers Amid Shell-Fire. Prayers were conducted in one British camp at the front on Sunday while shells were being fired all around them. British Capture Guns. Ten German guns have been captured by British troops at Leforest, a few miles to the north-west of Peronne. This news has been announced officially in Paris. APPROACH TO PARIS. Through Smiling Fields. Vast forests extending from Compiegne to Chantilly, north east of Paris, and smaller forests thence to Senlis, 30 miles from the capital, facilitate the retirement of a defending army, says a communique issued in Paris, and also offer a further choice of action, since they effectually screen a withdrawal eastward, or an irrup- tion against the heads of hostile columns advancing from the north. The richly-cultivated rolling plain be- tween Senlis and Paris is still covered with corn. RED CROSS WORK. Heavy Task Near Lille. Forty Red Cross motor cars have left Lille for a neighbourhood where dead and wounded are in exceptionally large num- bers. The Duchess of Sutherland's hospital is continuing its beneficent work among the wounded at Namur. ALLIES' BIG TASK 1,000,000 GERMAN TROOPS BRILLIANT BAYONET CHARGES. The well-known British war correspon- dent Mr. Philip Gibbs describes the fight- ing of Friday, Saturday, and Sunday last which led to the falling back of the Allies' line. On August 28 the Allies held a crescent form on the wooded heights, and thence by an irregular line to ——. The British on the left centre were supporting the heavy thrust of the main German advance, with General Pau's troops on the right. At least 1,000,000 Germans were moving on Saturday after- noon, as a vanguard, supported by fresh army corps from Belgium. Cavalry was sweeping across a great tract of country with a great mass of artillery, under cover of which the infantry moved as a wedge against the English wing. It was impossible to resist the onslaught. The British gunnery was magnificent. They shelled the advancing columns so that the dead were heaped along the road, but as one of the gunners said: "It made no man- ner of difference. As soon as we smashed one lot, another followed, column after column." The railway has been destroyed, and the bridges blown up on the main line from Amiens to Paris, and the branch lines from Dieppe. British Fall Back. Fighting all the time, the British fell back. At Aumale the Allies' left was held by reserves on the hills to the east and west, where they were in touch with the general French cavalry upon the Amiens road. Meanwhile General Pau was sustaining a terrific attack, culminating at the River Oise. The German onslaught upon this force was repelled by the French gunners, and was followed by a series of brilliant bayonet and cavalry charges. One eye- witness said: —"The heroism of the French troops was sublime. Every man knew that the safety of France depended upon him, and was ready to sacrifice his life with joyful enthu- siasm." Despite the enemy's overpowering numbers, the French gave them tremendous punishment. The German columns were broken and routed. Hundreds were bayoneted, while the whole front of the battle was outlined with the dead and dying, whom the Germans had been obliged to abandon. Nevertheless, the vast reserves of the Germans forced General Pau to cense to advance. GALLANT LANCERS. Dash for Guns. One outstanding incident of the retreat was the charge of the 9th Lancers. Eleven German siege guns were posted inside a wood, and at first their fire caused terrible losses among our men, who did not suspect their presence, as they were hidden by a great quantity of forage, giving them the appearance of straw, or haystacks. After several hours it was found impossible to silence them, but the Lancers rode straight for the guns, debouching into the open, and charging under a hail of melinite and lyddite from other German gunners. No- thing could stop them, and the Lancers cut down the gunners and put the guns out of action. Then, like the heroes of Balaclava, they rode back, losing men even more quickly. It is estimated that the regiment was re- duced to 400, but some of the men are still rejoining it. Captain S. O. Grenfell, of the 9th Lan- cers, on another occasion was wounded in both legs, and lost two of his fingers. Yet, directly after the 4.2 guns had been nearly deprived of their service, and the shrapnel fire was dreadful, he said:—"We'll get our guns back, regardless of our wounds." He headed a number of men, harnessed the horses to the guns, and saved them. He was then taken to the hospital. FRENCH CAPITAL TRANSFER TO BORDEAUX. TEMPORARY ARRANGEMENT The French National Cabinet of Defence has issued a proclamation announcing that the seat of government has been trans- ferred temporarily to Bordeaux. The proclamation adds:—"The reason for the change is purely military, because Paris is becoming the pivot of operations. Indi- cations do not point to in attack in the near future, but the armies may manœuvre round it and its defences possibly will be used for supporting the wing of the Allies." Bordeaux the third seaport of France, is beautifully situated on a plain on the left bank of the Garonne, about 60 miles from its mouth in the Bay of Biscay, and 359 miles south-south-west of Paris by rail. It has large dockyards and much ship- building, and the old Canal du Midi con- nects the port with the Mediterranean. Tours became the seat of the Go- vernment of National Defence in the autumn of 1870, during the Franco- Prussian war, but at the beginning of 1871 it fell into the hands of the Ger- mans. SURRENDER OF AMIENS. GERMANS OCCUPY TOWN. 16in. Guns Used by Enemy. After a fierce artillery duel from which the Allies were compelled to retire, the Germans secured the surrender of Amiens, which they traversed singing choruses. The citzens, by preconcerted decision, ab- stained from making any demonstration. Meanwhile 10,000 French retreated. Through the blowing up of both bridges some were taken after a fierce combat. There are indications that the capture was due lo the 16in. Krupp guns of the Germans. [Amiens is 81 miles north of Paris by rail. It was formerly defended, but the fortifica- tions have been turned into charming boule- vards.] GERMANS IN A VICE. WHO CAN SUFFER LONGEST? French Statesman's View. M. Clemenceau, the prominent French statesman, writing in "L'Homme Libre," gives expression to the following views on the war:— All the fighting up to the present has been intended to harass the invaders and defend every inch of the ground. Much time and suffering will be needed before Ger- many is caught in the iron vice of France, Great Britain, and Russia. In the words of a Japanese general, 'The final victory will be for him who is able to suffer a quar- ter of an hour longer than his adversary.' "The enemy's offensive is doubtless very formidable, but we find everywhere an un- relenting defence ready to take the offen- sive in its turn. "Paris will have at its disposal a very mobile force, which may choose the hour for delivering its blow." WEAK LINK OF ALLIES. French Territorials. While the Allies were fighting at Bapaume, a French territorial division, sup- ported by four batteries of regular artillery, was attacked by Germans on Thursday night. The territorials retired in some dis- order. The Germans on Friday brought up many machine guns, under cover of a dense fog. After a six hours' engagement, the terri- torials suffered severely, when a British force came up unexpectedly, and occupied the French positions, allowing the wearied territorials to escape. The English (says a Paris telegram) fought a brilliant rear- guard action. Owing to the same fog, two French batteries fired at each other for some time. No Sleep for the Enemy. Correspondents state that British troops are now almost indifferent to German rifle fire. An army doctor declares that of 500 wounded under his charge only one is suffer- ing from a rifle bullet, all the others having been struck by shrapnel or bits of shell. By constant feints, skirmishes, and alarms the Allies seek to keep the Germans on the alert both by day and by night. For this purpose the Belgians, French, and British take it in turns to prevent the Germans sleeping. There was a lull on Tuesday, possibly due to the Germans' expenditure of rifle and artillery ammunition on the previous days. The Germans are also suffering from in- sufficient animal and motor transport. ZEPPELIN OVER ANTWERP. BOMBS INJURE CITIZENS. Red Cross Flags as Targets. The Zeppelin airship which reappeared over Antwerp on Wednesday, was located at dawn by searchlights from the forts. For four hours it hovered over the city and dropped a number of bombs. Twelve citizens were injured, and several buildings flying the Red Cross flag were damaged. Daring German Aviators. The German Taube aeroplanes have been performing daring feats. They fly over the whole length of the trenches. British howitzers have brought some of them down, but many more remain. NEUTRAL POWERS ITALY AND HER ALLIES. Three members of the Austrian Reichs- rath, who are alleged to have gone to Italy to foment Socialist resentment against the Italian policy of neutrality, have been ex- pelled from the country. Herr Haase, a member of the German Reichstag, has arrived at Milan on a similar mission. ROUMANIA WARNS TURKEY. No Policy of Adventure. Roumania has sternly warned Turkey against adopting a policy of adventure, and in doing so promises the Porte that that it will endeavour to arrange terms between Turkey and Greece for the settlement of the mat- ters at issue between the two nations. UNITED STATES' NEUTRALITY PURCHASE OF SHIPS. Britain's Position. Sir Cecil Spring Rice, British Ambassador at Washington, has discussed with the American President (Dr. Woodrow Wilson) the question of the neutrality of the United States. The ambassador expressed the hope that any questions likely to arise under this head would not affect the good relations between Great Britain and the United States. While not disputing the right of the United States to purchase ships from bel- ligerents in any numbers, Sir Cecil expressed the opinion (says a Washington cable mes- sage) that Great Britain would consider such an action with grave displeasure. AMERICAN OFFER OF HELP Regiment of 1,000 Men. The Canadian Minister for Defence (Colonel Sam Hughes) announced that a resident of a southern State of America his offered to raise a regiment, 1,000 strong, for service with the Canadian contingent. Newfoundland Regiment. The Newfoundland Parliament has passed a number of war measures, including a bill authorising the raising of a regiment for service with the British forces in Europe. The Opposition heartily concurred in this proposal. GERMAN PATENTS. Canada May Cancel. The Canadían Government is considering the introduction of legislation to cancel all German patents in the Dominion. A similar measure has been passed bv the British House of Commons. LEIPZIG EXHIBITION. British Collection Safe. It was announced yesterday that travel- lers, who had arrived in Italy from Ger- many, state that the British, Russian, and French pavilions at the printing exhibition at Leipzig had been burned down, with their remarkable art collections. It is now stated that, although the pavi- lions were burnt, the British commissioner had removed the British loan collections prior to making his hurried departure. PRINCE ALBERT'S CONDITION Creating No Anxiety. The condition of Prince Albert, second son of the King, who was landed from H.M.S. Collingwood a few days ago suffering from appendicitis, is creating no anxiety. An operation will be performed shortly on His Royal Highness. HELIGOLAND FIGHT GALLANT GERMAN CRUISER. Grim British Battle-ships. A British naval lieutenant, after describ- ing the Heligoland fight, adds:—"The Ger- man cruiser Mainz was immensely gallant. When last seen she was absolutely wrecked aloft and below. Although the whole of her 'midships was a fuming inferno, she still had one gun forward, which was spitting forth fury and defiance like a wild cat mad- dened by its wounds. "A cruiser of the Breslau class recom- menced firing. We did not care a farthing, for straight ahead of us in lordly procession, like elephants walking through a pack of dogs, came the the battle-ships Lion, Queen Mary, Invincible and New Zealand, great, grim, and uncouth as some antediluvian monster. JAPANESE AT KIAO-CHAU. SEVEN ISLANDS OCCUPIED. 1,000 Mines Removed. The Japanese forces have occupied seven islands around Kiao-chau, the German pro- tectorate in China. Over 1,000 mines laid by the Germans have been lifted from the water in the vicinity. NORTH SEA MINES. Two Vessels Lost. The Danish steel screw steamer Kamma, 1,270 tons, has been sunk through striking a mine 41 miles off the mouth of the Tyne. Six members of the crew of the steam- drifter Eyrie were drowned when that vessel struck a mine and sank. GERMAN CASUALTIES. 13th LIST PUBLISHED. Alsatians Suffer Severely. The 13 German casualty list has been received in Copenhagen. It shows that an entire infantry regiment from Zabern (Alsace) had been lost, and that more than 20,000 Mecklenburg troops had been lost. Care of German Wounded. The Germans have no field hospitals, but merely a large number of doctors, who do the dressings and perform operations in any available buildings. They have no tents for the wounded, who like in the villages along the line of march until an empty motor-car, omnibus, or sup- ply waggon chances to return to the base. BRITAIN'S SECOND ARMY NUMBERS NEARLY COMPLETE FOOTBALLERS HELP. Since Monday 60,000 men have joined the Second Army, of 100,000, asked for by the Secretary of State for War (Lord Kit- chener). It is expected that this force will be com- plete in a few days. The British Football Association proposes to place its grounds at the disposal of the War Office, and to arrange for well-known public men to address the players and spec- tators on match days. Recruiting stations will be opened adjacent to the grounds. Preparations in Berlin. Two American engineers, who have re- cently been in Berlin, visited the flying station, and saw 50 Zeppelins ready to start, and hundreds of aeroplanes also ready. Reserves in blue uniforms are being brought from Germany to relieve the first- line troops, which, it is believed, are being conveyed to Germany to stem the Russian advance, stales an advice from Ostend. STORIES FROM THE FRONT. DEAD MEN AS RAMPARTS. A wounded Fusilier now in hospital in London has related his experiences during his brief term at the front. "The Germans," he said, "did not give us much time to think, and we had no time to think either, for we were busy picking off the enemy. "The last sight I had of the Germans was a squadron of lancers caught in the open. All their horses had been shot, and sur- vivors of the squadron lay behind a rampart of dead men and horses, using their car- bines, while our artillery and infantry were pouring a hail of lead into them. "One of our men while holding a water- bottle to a wounded German was shot dead. Another while lighting a cigarette had his fingers shot off. We hear awful stories of German treatment of our wounded, but I am not inclined to believe them all." BRAVE BRITISH GUNNER. Faces Attack Single-handed. On Monday a mixed British and French force, by a feigned retreat, drew forward a considerable German force in the La Fere region. Entrenched riflemen and Maxims punished the Germans severely, and the Germans retreated, leaving 600 killed and wounded. Elsewhere a British gunner, in charge of a Maxim, found himself facing a German frontal attack. The foremost section con- sisted of 900 men. Everyone "got some- thing," but from the flanks others closed up, and at last the British gunner had to run, leaving the Maxim behind. Fortu- nately a German shell knocked it to bits before it was actually captured. Great Feat by British A great feat of arms was seen at Solenes, east of Cambrai. On August 26 six regi- ments were holding an exposed position expecting support all day, but it was not forthcoming. The Germans crept round the British, who were in danger of being encircled. The British, with fixed bay- onets, charged through a gap only 800 yards wide, though the ring was gradually closing upon them, and artillery had been trained on the spot by the Germans. In this dash for liberty they lost heavily, particularly one north-country regiment. This regiment lost its transport and colour in one day, and marched 30 and 20 miles on successive days upon two biscuits per man. Then they revenged themselves by capturing a German supply column. Tramp from Mons. A number of British soldiers have arrived at Folkestone who have had exciting ad- ventures since they participated in the great battle at Mons. Being cut off from their regiment, they wandered near the German lines, and in order to escape had to bury their arms and uniforms. Hiding by day and walking by night, it took them six days to reach the coast. Tied to Gun-Wheels. During the fighting north of Paris the Germans captured several men, stripped them, and bound them to gun wheels, in order that they should not escape. For- tunately, a brave peasant cut the ropes, and the men regained the British lines. British Casualties. Many wounded British soldiers continue to reach the United Kingdom, and are being sent to London and other towns. For the most part, their injuries are not serious. Altogether nearly 1,000 wounded men have arrived in England. GERMAN TRADE. ENDEAVOURS TO CAPTURE. America in the Field. The development of the scheme of the British Board of Trade, directed against German and Austro-Hungarian trade in neutral markets, is progressing rapidly. Firms in the United States are preparing to send an army of commercial travellers to South America, in order to capture Ger- man trade there. LARGE GERMAN LINER. Reported Capture. Sir Courtenay Bennett, the British Con- sul-General in New York, states that he understands that the magnificent Nord- deutscher-Lloyd liner Kronprinz Wilhelm, a vessel of 14,900 tons, built in 1901, has been captured by British cruisers. The report had not been confirmed in the United States up to yesterday afternoon. [It was recently reported that the Kron- prinz Wilhelm was being used in mid- Atlantic as a relay station for the despatch of war news to America by wireless. By this means news was sent from Berlin through to the high-power wireless station ats Sayville, on Great South Bay, 50 miles east of Brooklyn. The Kronprinz Wilhelm left New York soon after the outbreak of the war, with six months' provisions and 6,000 tons of coal. She has several guns aboard.] Czar Decorates Troops. The Czar has conferred twenty crosses of the military order of St. George upon an infantry company, which rescued a dis- abled battery under a raking fire during an engagement in East Prussia. (Continued on Next Page.) (Continued From Preceding Page.) “LIE FACTORIES.” GERMAN ALLEGATIONS. The German Ambassador at Washington (Count von Bernstorff) accuses London and Paris of being "lie factories," comparable to Shanghai during the Russo- Japanese war. He alleges that German soldiers have been cruelly mutilated by the Belgians, hence the German acts of retaliation. Count von Bernstorff is issuing state- ments daily to the United States press, in which he claims extensive German victories against the Russians in East Prussia. Sample of German “News.” German newspapers in New York are publishing statements to the effect that Canada and Australia are really mobilising their forces in order to throw off the British yoke while Great Britain is em- broiled in Europe. Anglophobe Press in America. Many of the United States newspapers disclose much pro-German feeling. They are printing huge headlines, notifying de- feats of the British and French forces. Canadian towns along the border are in many instances excluding American papers, owing to the lying stories that are appear- ing in these journals. SUPPLIES FOR THE ENEMY. FROM ENGLISH SOURCES. Fact Made Public. Merchants in London are directing atten- tion to the fact that supplies are filtering into Germany through Rotterdam and else- where in Holland from English sources. ESPIONAGE SUSPECTED. Kent Postmaster Arrested. A man named Tonlin has been arrested, together with his wife and a lady friend, at Eastchurch. in the Isle of Sheppey (Kent), on a charge of alleged espionage. Tonlin is the local postmaster. Plans and blue prints of the naval aviation school at Eastchurch were found in Ton- lin's bedroom. The prisoners claim that these plans were left at their house by a lodger named Budd, who had been attending to the electrice light fillings at the school. Germans Sent to Prison. A man named Peter Duhn was sentenced on Wednesday to six months' imprisonment for having released a carrier pigeon at Prim- rose Hill (London). Several German and Austrian waiters have been sentenced to terms of imprison- ment, varying from two to six months, for having failed to disclose the fact that they had revolvers in their possession. MR. GRAHAME-WHITE. Joins Naval Flying Corps. Mr. Claude Grahame-White, the well- known British airman, has joined the naval wing of the Royal Plying Corps, in which ho has been given the rank of commander. OFFICIAL MESSAGES. The following cable message was received from the High Commissioner (Sir George Reid) yesterday:— "The Russian army has completely routed four Austrian army corps near Lemburg, in Galicia, with enormous losses, and captured 150 guns." "The enemy's right wing is 60 miles from Paris. The Allies' lines are still un- broken, but they are giving ground. There is an absence of official news from the front. "An important move by the Allies is expected. "The Russian occupation of Lemberg is expected. "There is an increase of activity near Antwerp. A further bomb has been thrown on the city by the Germans. SYDNEY, Thursday.—The following mes- sage was received by the State Premier (Mr. Holman) to-day from the Agent- General (Sir Timothy Coghlan), dated Lon- don, September 2, 7.20 p.m.:— Superior German forces are still pressing on the left wing of the Allies, who have again been compelled to give way on their left. The Allies' line now extends from Beau- vais, Clermont, Compiegne, Ham, La Fere, and from thence, as indicated in my tele- gram of yesterday. The Military Governor of Paris has ordered occupiers of all buildings within the field of fire or forts and defensive works of Paris, both ancient and modern, to leave them within four days, and to demolish them completely. Everything is in readiness for the depar- ture from Paris of the Government and embassies. All of the forts have been strongly gar- risoned and supplied with immense stores and food supplies, and all necessary pre- parations have been made for a siege by the Germans, which is now considered in- evitable. There have been engagements with the French centre and right, which the French report as a partial check to the Germans. SHIPPING MOVEMENTS. LONDON, Sept. 2. The following movements of vessels are reported:— Arrived.—At Antotagasta — Italia, bq., from Newcastle July 3. Depareted.—For Napier—A. B. Johnson. MILITARY CLOTHING. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—Will you be good enough to grant me space to prove the incorrectness of Mr. Anstey's remarks at Northcote on August 26 concerning the contracts for the Expedi- tionary Forces. If all his statements are as correct as the two, viz., the prices for men's breeches and overcoats, the public will not attach much importance to them. He stated that the cost price for breeches at the Commonwealth factory was 10/6. Well, I may state that for the breeches now being made it takes 2½ yards of mate- rial, for which the ordnance stores charge 4/6 per yard (cost price), which comes to 11/3; and to be added to this is making, cutting, and trimmings, of the best quali- ties; so that the Minister's statement of cost, at 16/ per pair, would be nearer the correct price. Again, he says the over- coats (all qualities and sizes) cost the Com- monwealth factory 29/9 (the coats now being made are only one quality). Mr. Anstey says the average price paid to pri- vate contractors is 55/, the lowest price 40/, and the highest 70/. I am at a loss to know where he got his information. The1 material for these coats cost 7/ per yard, and it takes at least 3¼ yards for a coat, . which comes to 22/0. mid the buttons cost "/(I and 4/Ö per gross. Again, trimmings have to lie.of the best mnterinls, and the ¡work on II very heavy and hard material, such as these coats are made of, adds greatly 'to the cost Of lobour. I can prove, if ncces isary, that, a reputable i and' well-known 'manufacturer quoted 40/ for these coats, ;_nd was told by the department that his price was far loo high, and he did not gel uny to make, fly these fuels the public jntist judge the reliability of'Mr. Ansley'» .?statements,-Yours, Ac., J. BARNETT, 177 Fitzroy street, Fitzroy, Sept. 3. IN AUSTRALIA EXPEDITIONARY FORCE. CAMP AT BROADMEADOWS. STUDENTS AS STRETCHER BEARERS. The daily routine is working smoothly at Broadmeadows, and, if there was little in- cident yesterday, there was any amount of work. Most of the infantry battalions con- tinued their programme of the day before— that is to say, the company in attack and defence—and the theoretical side of mus- ketry training formed the subjects of lec lurctt«, and demonstrations from the ollieers. The second half of the Light llorac toole its turn on the Williamstown ranges, and, tes has already been stated, the whole force will undergo its practical coin-se, unit by unit. One of the Light Horse officers expressed his appreciation of the work done on the ranges the, day before yesterday. "The result was well above the average,'' lie said, "but, of course, most of the men have been u_ed to shooting before." Tile Light Iforscman is a most «tlaptablc young man, and, with a little training in disci- pline, should become n highly emcienl sol- dier. UNDER THE RED CROSS. 'Jin« health of the troops continues exeol lent. and elaborate» precautions arc taken to keep it so. Every day the camp lines arc thoroughly inspected ,by Major, Vance, A.A.M.C. Then each regiment or corps lins its medical'officer specially attached. The sick are'paraded before him daily at half past 7 a.m. If a ease merit« sufficient at- tention, it is sent ou to Ibc held hospital, .mid if it develops to-any extent, or seems likely lo be of an infectious nature, ,if is further referred on to one of the metropoli- tan institutions. Tl^c field hospital is most cluboralely eauipped, and an the officers at- tached nie al) highly trained medical men, tin; sick .soldier is being well looked after. An interesting fait-uro of the Armv Medical Corn» is the fact that many Univcisity «Indent», well on in their course, have volunteered in the humble capacities of die»sets and sti ctelier- bciti ers. At first sight midwinter would appear to be rather a li id time from "a health point of view to hold a militai)- Camp. Hut anyone who has ever alttendcd a hummer .camp, with its multitude of'hiinstioke eases, sore feet, ex- haustion from heat, illness resulting from deterioration of the nient supply, and,all the other ills winch can be laid at the' door of the hot weather, would be surprised to see how empty nie Hu- big hospital tents at Proadiiicailovvs. The nights have been apprcii.iblv 'warlner lalclv, and Hie ground has entirely dried np after its soaking of a couple of da) s ago. ARRANGEMENTS FOR VISITORS. 'The camp commandant (Major Darvall) has notified that the camp will be open for visitois.after hulf-p.est 11 on Sunday morn- ing. Leave I» being ligoi- misly cut down, .ind it i» highly probable that m a few days ii will bo slopped altogether. But the men do not mind. The sooner they ''gel down lo it." iii" earnest the better they will be plca»ed-thal is the spirit of'-the force. SECOND CONTINGENT. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE EXPLAINS. At the last week-end llnrMinister loi De- fence (Mr. E. D. Millen) indicated that it was tile iutention of the Commonwealth authorities lo despatch a second/ expedi- tionary force, and- further contingents of necess.uy, lo Kurope, and this was accen- tuated by the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook) on ¡sunday evening. Last night Mr. Millen made available particulars of the new re- cruiting scheme,,wJi¡cli,,yrilij .alford, those men. who have liad.no prevjjjiis military c\pc'ricilce an opportunity, of helping in the dclence-of tho I.mpire, « - - ? "The- enrolment', hitherto« proceeding, for the mimi JSipcditíonary Torce, HjIH i con- tinue," said "Mr. Millen., "Any mcn'chlisl iug over, and' above'the Jiiimbers-.rcqulred for that force' will bc,inchided«in the new contingent«. The objective immediately in sight is in connection with: "(a) l.ine of loniinuiiiritton units for the carriage of .iminiinulon mil supplies in molor vehicles from the lil-t'lo tin: troops; troops to carr) out suppl.l work nt' depots; dearin;:, stallon-i?, anil general hospitals. '"(IO UraitH of oilkers anil «oldicru to reptare those who hetonie non- elleiti.e in Hu' Australian Im* pirijl.rprce hv means of hit kness or casualties in ailion, "(i) Suth furlliir Unlit Horse ami intuito hriif.iilLs with .\nii) »emu« Corps uni! Arm) Meili eil Corps innis ja ipiv («ii Ues|«.iIoticil," , , "The aacs for i-tirohucnt lune been li.ved ¡it iroin ill to n ve.it».v the Mniistir con- tinued. "Willi n view lo fat limiting enrol ment and niceling the loiiveiuenee ot volun- ten», ii lia» been derided tu invite tilt1- to opei.it¡on of ninjur» ¡nu! .hire presidents, to (whose patiiotic servîtes the (¡oveiniDer.t 'cunfidentll «ippcnl» m the piesent june 'lui'e. These Renlleuiin "-will be in- vited to .iss'H in (ibnming lecriiils in then »cvei.il louliiie», arranging for their examinai inn bj the neiiicst Govern- ment medical ofhecrs. and. ii upproved, se«nd ing tlicni fonv.ird to the militai y head qu.irteis of the Stale. The neicssar.v forms of attestation, medical examination, &c..;'ato bl- ing sent out iiuinediatelv. With relor enie to enrolment, the Premie"' of New f»uulh Wale-, (Mr Holman) recently offered to plait- the sell lee ol' the police at the dispo»il of Hu- Commonwealth, »nd it is thought that these olliei.ils will be able {o icndui veiv v.linallie nsMstiince ni this re gaid, particulain in the »mallei towns where no municipal icpresenttitives nie l'esi denl v i "The rates of pat," M.\ Millen wenfon. "will he the same ¡1» tho»e now being paid lo the main Kxpcdition.iry Force, and the allowance» in the case of dentil and mca pneily will ,il»o apply. In the c,i«-e of volun- teers' unilci -1 Jem» of age the cpnscnt¡of the parent or guardian will be netc«siiry. Mai i led men or w idawei-s ii it.li children will be required lo al range thal portion of theil" pay shall be made available to their depen- dent». K\i»ting i.unps will be maintained. lint it i» possible that other arrangements will be made in the case of Xevv ¡»outh "lu one u-pctt future enrolment will.dif fnt slightly fioin that already taken place," the Munster saul, in conclusion. "Previously onlv reeluils were i-olectcd who had had militaiV seiviee. From this out this quail licition will not be insisted uiion. It 'is eonlidentlv expected that, as the new re- cruits wilf he some lune in camp, it will be possible bv continuous training to bring them lip to a reasonable degree of ofliciciiry. As tim will considerably widen the areas I rom -which lecruitn can be drawn, there shouhLbe no difficulty in obtaining the re- quisite numbers." LORD KITCHENER'S MESSAGE. ADVICE TO TROOPS. Prior to the depailure of the British lix pcditionar.v Koree for the front it was an- nounced by cable that the Secretary of SLite for War (Lird Kitchener) lind given cei tain adviie to the troops, which wai printed \jn slip form, and 'handed to each man. Tim text of the message has now been communicated to the Federal Go- vernment, and the Minister for Defence (Mr. E. 1). Millen) announced last night that Lord Kitchener1!) advice would be printed in Australia, and every member of the Commonwealth ICxpe-ditionary Force would be supplied with ii copy of it befóle embarkation. The message is as follows: "You aie ordered abroad as a soldier of the King to help our French comrades against ¿lie inviu-inn of a common enemy. You have to perform a task, which will need your coin ago, )our energy, )oiir pa- tience, llemcmber that the honour of the liritirih Army depends on your in- dividual conduct. It will be youi duty, not only to set un example of discipline and perfect steadiness under fire, but also to maintain the most friendly rela- tion» with tho-e whom you are helping in this struggle. The operations in ' which you will tor the most part take placo will be m a friendly country, and vnu can do your own country no better »cpnee thou in «bowing vour_i_f in France I RUSSIAN ARMY VICTORY AND REVERSE Lemberg, the capital of Galicia, lias been the scene of an overwhelming vic- tory by the Russian army operating in tho south against Austria. In Eastern Prussia, portion of tho northern army has met with a reverse in Hie marshy country near Ortelsburg. Thorn and Graudonz, the strongly-fortified posi- tions on the Vistula, from which the Germans unexpectedly brought re-in forcements, are botwoen th« Russians and Berlin. .and Belgium in the "true i*liar.itlcr of a British Holdicr. 'Be invariably courtPOii,', <*on«iderate, mid kind. Never do anything likely to'in)'nre or destroy property, aid always look upon looting as a disgfnroful act. You'are sure In meet with a wel " crome,- and be tmsted. ..Your conduct ' must justify that xvelcomo-and Hint trusl. . Your duty cannot be done unless your health is 'sound, so keep constantly on ?.your ginini against.any cxcessc«, in this , new-experience. A'ou niiiy lind tempta- tions, but you must entirely resist them. Treat, all women with perfect courtesy, but avoid any intimacy. Do your duty i bravely. Pear God. Honour the King." | ENROLMENT IN SYDNEY. MEN FOR SECOND CONTINGENT. SYDNEY, Thursday. — The enthusiasm willi which men eniollcd lui* the Non* | .South'Will«, qniilu' for Hu* first Australians, Expeditionaiy Pence is extending lo the second-contingent.' Tin* type of applicant-« al the barrack« to-«|av was equal to Hu* best.' Otit'nf '.'SO who nimrod theil* ser- vices. Jess, thnn ,"0 . weie* lPjVeti'il. The hclft'tions aie to lie lurried through willi complete regard to- fitne.sti. No applicants arc io be over 40 year« of agc, or under 10 yenni of,ago. mid lliey must ba'vp bad pi'p'viuus expciientíe ili'rpgimenl«, or bp good rifle «hots. RECRUITS FOR POLICE. ' In order to fill tin* vacancies in the polín* force '¿¡insert by numerous constables, join inp the* expccfitionary forxe, the chief com- missioner of police (Mr. Sainsbury), acting with the permission of the Chief Secretary (.Air. Marmy), recently culled for recruits from among the men who had resigned from tin* forte. A ready response lo the call has bppii made. It is tlie desire of the Chief Sr'tietaiy and the commissioner of police that it sliould be made perfectly clear that men ol bad character aro not to be rc nclmittpil. Men dismissed from tile force, or who w'cre over .io years of age, are not eligible for readmission. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. INOCULATING THE TROOPS. GERMAN PRISONERS. PERTH, Thursday. — The War Patri- otic Fund now amounts to £6,536. ' The Black Hoy [lill encampment is now occupied by a biitlalion of men with sore innis, din* lo inoculation against typhoid fever. Yeslorduv'.s parade strength was 1.503. . I Authority has been leceivc-d by the State commandant to continue the enlistment «if volunteer«. The mininer specified is fi | per e-ont. more than previously authorised , in connection with the Kxpcditionaiy Force. iui«l the agc hunt has been extended lo ] .HI .vein». Instructions have also been IT- I ccived thal, sliould any difficulty be experi- enced in enlisting trumpeters and buglcis over the specified age of IO years, youths linder that ibc mai be enlisted jroudid the consent of parents ind ginrdnns be obtained Anothci huge batch of t erninns- was sent under es-cort to Eotlncst I"! ind this morning by the militar) authontics Most of the men were taken from the crews of the nrious vessels in port It IB undei stood that there are now on the island between ¡00 and 400 German and Austnan pnso nore PUBLIC SERVANTS' PAY. STATEMENT BY MINISTER In the course of an mtcriiew last night the Alimstcr for Defence (Ah 1 TI Millen) said - I understand that it bus been stated in b)dnt) that the ngulution nth regird to the pi) mont of Common xicalth public sonants who are on Birxice in Aiistiahi has been altered lins lb not correct Hie Government somt tillie nero decided-anil the decision was made publie -Hint the regulation should be obsened lins regulition provides foi public «el vants on militaiv duti within the Com iiionivmilli drawing both militai) and pub lu scrute jai until the) complet ii the number of dais training prescribid b) the Defence Act for their pirticular ann J his is tht existing icgulation and it has not been saned in the slightest degree ATTEMPTED FRAUD Bl ND1GO jinarnin - \ icsident of Golden Square on A\ edupsel i) men ed i telegram purporting to have btcii sent by GERMANS NORTH OF PARIS STOUT RESISTANCE OF ALLIES According io latost arlvieos, tlip line of the aillos north and north-oast of Paris new extends fruin Beauvais (40 miles from tho capital) throng h Clermout Comniogne, and La Fore, hi» brother, who is a rapmlier of Hie l'lx peditionary Force at Broadmeadows. The telegram lead:-"Wire I'll, Essendon l'o«t> oflic*«*.'' Instead of complying with Hie íe quest, however, the resident went lo Mel- bourne and met his brother, who knew no- thing about the telegram. SOLDIERS' TEETH. FREE ATTENTION .ARRANGE))'. The touncil of the Australian College of Dentistry and the Melbourne Dental IIos jiitul have decided to place the whole re- sources of their institution' at the disposal of the Defence department, for the purpose at treating the teeth of the soldiers xvho have volunteered for war service. The sec- retary of the college (Mr. JÏ. Joske) has received a letter from Colonel Charles Byan suggestinB that the best wuy of carry- ing this out will be to have an inspection made by the regimental i medical officers, when those xvhoni they consider should bp attended to could be sent into the hospital in drafts. Tlie secretary notifies that tlie members of the forces refcrri'd to muy attend at, the' hospital daily from I) to I, and 2 lo 5, when the'.' will receive every necessary denial attention free of charge. WIDOWS OK THE. AVAR. ASSISTANCE IN VICTORIA. lieferring yesterday to the schemes sub- mitted to,- Queen Mary by the different Agents-General ,iu icguid to the. emigra- tion to the Commonwealth of tiro widows «it British soldiers killed, in Hie* war and ol' .single* women who have been deprived of employmc'iit, the Minister in charge of Immigration (Mr. llagelthoru) staled that the Ministry recognised that its duty was to assist. Great Britain, in every possible way. Owing to the" droiiïbt. the sam«* anroimt of employment could not be* offered us would have been available hist year, but, despite the unfavourable* piospects, there was a fairly good demiinel in the eouiitry for domestic assistance. The Minit try had been abkctl 'whether it could lind employment foi' British mid Belgian women who xvere able te) undertake domestic work, and it would seo Huit a certain amount of employment was provided, if there were other than domestic work offering, it would also be provided. 'While recognising its duties to the ¡icople of' the' Shite, the Ministry felt.that ¡some sacrifice should be made, and he felt confident that many people, from' patriotic motives, would assist the movement. However, apart altogether Irom the question of patriotism, n number of mistresses irt Country'districts would bo glad of the opportunity to employ xvomen trom Great Britain anil Belgium. At pre- sent the ' demand for domestic help in the city was not greater than the supply, and therefore it was proposed to distribute the newcomers among count ry mistresses. TASMANIAN PROTEST. HOBART, Thursday.-With reference to the cable message relating lo the visit "of the High Commissioner and the Agent General to Queen Mary and the proposals regarding the" deportation of widows of soldiers nnd other women to Australia, the Premier (Air. liarle) states that he had tele- graphed to Sir John McCall, Agcut-General of Tasmania, as follows: Referring to your telegram 'of 'August 2S, strongly protest against, proposal to send destitute* women to Australia, owing to existence of'inevitable* unemployment lierc. Prepared to consider joint contribution from Australia to render aid destitute women England." The Premier al«o telegraphed to the other .State Premiers in the following tenns: "Be proposed bondini* Belgian and other destitute women from lüngliintl, trust you will join in protest against surh action. Am jii'pparcd to support joint contribution from States to asbisl women in England rendered deátitute by the war." THE DOGGED RESISTANCE. GERMANS' WONDERFUL ATTACK. . GENERAI POSITION REVIEWED. NOTES BY A MILITARY EXPERT. The cable messages to-day do not disclose any vital change in the situation as,a whole. I am, however, strongly impressed with the feeling Ulai we aro on the eve of an impor- tant development. This must.not be under- stood to refer fo the possible-appearance of u German uriny before Paris, which is, of course, a possible ,event, but lo a strom? strategic movement in quite another quarter. The increased German activity before Ant- werp and the Brussels and Malinos entrench- ments almost lead one to imagine thal some- thing is pending in this quarter. Germany lias called out her third line, so that tho losses among her finest troops have been heavy. Some of these third line troops have replaced others in Belgium, where they arc evidently awakening to the weakness of their line of communication:-;.. Their heavy artillery brigades, which have done wonders against such strong positions us the fort's of Liege and Namur, are getting into posi- tion to try Antwerp's strength. These new howitzers must be weapons of unpre- cedented cfliciency, to j'udgc by their per- formances'. While not under-valuing the German artillery, winch lias met with un- usual success against guns of position, 1 still adhere to the view that Antwerp can hold out indefinitely, and by doing so divert au appreciable section- of the German forces which biwe invaded France, and so blunt the spear-hejil which has' 'been thrust for wurd. The story of the fighting before Paris is still made up of the same clements. Tues- day's battle was a icpetitiou of Monday's light. .If anything, the attack seems weaker. Correspondents are beginning to give us details. Attacks in mass are meet- ing willi the same stern, steady rcsisUuici'. Here and there glimpses of heroic work stir the blood. Along the long line of last week's battle grounds the lied Cross Corps are at their humane work. From the field hospi- tals the wounded arc being transferred le- the various 'bases. There ia no lull in the fighting, but the' cable mes- sages do -not show appreciable advance by the enemy. If our people have -been- tried bitterly, they do not -ap- pear to have lost confidence. They can afford-to "struggle and await the inevitable hour of the turn of the tide. The enemy is not without his troubles. He has pushed on without .pause, lie has sacrificed whole divisions to'win his success. He must be credited with perfect organisation to supply his'troops; but those troops must be'near the limit of human endurance. The stories that we get of forcett marches, of men who have to be wakened with a bayonet prick, cannot all be fables. The spick and span men that« marched through Brussels arc war-worn now. It is not necessary for na to deny such troop* n meed of admiration. It is the poorest olu'valiy not to inspect the proved valour even of au enemy. . The British lace, at all events, can lind in men who will push wau-after wall.up to, their artillery and dcciinutinjr rile and machine gun file foemen worthy of their steel. The clash of such armies may well be ¡-rapliically described, in the words of a British soldier, as "lifting the lid off of helL" . Meantime the allied annies aie holding fast on to their present line. That line nina from Beauvais through Clermont und Coni pcignc,, probably with Ham as a salient, thenee lo La Fere. In the east and towards the Vosges the French have gained ground. This almost suggests that the German attack in Lorraine, as well as Alsace, ha« lost nip, and that the troops there may have been reduced by the movement east. It in quite good business for the defence to test the strength of the ring investing them, but. it would be bad tactics to be entangled too far in snell n movement. The time for the real counter-attack there has not yet« come, PARIS ON GUARD. At Paris, all 'preparations should bo com- pleted by'this. Wo'are assured that the armament js complete, and- the garrison sufficient. Buildings, and cvcn'-villages, which' aro likely to mask fire, haye "been razed. Tim supply of food is stated lo bp ample. For argument's sukc, wc will asBjimc that the jircscnt defence gives way. The French and British armies' may be isolated, but theie.is not the slightest sign that they will cease to be armies in being. Britain especially hu» hardly been touched, so far ns her final resources aie concerned. Now let it be (granted that the Germans arc before Pans. What have they gained? What will happen? Without claiming in- fallibility of judgment, I will try to answer these questions. 'The Germans will not be strong enough to invest Paris. 'The Allies will still be on their flanks, and snapping at their heels. But t here will bo a prodigious fuss at Ber- lin. There will be poans and thanksgivings galore. All Germany will be heartened up. I should not wonder tp hear, of the Crown Prince, in- very strong limelight, receiving the German generals in the Gallery of Mir- rors at A'crsailles. Wc should have a little moro of the theatrical business. But the stern necessities of the Gemían situation require more substantial success'than this to re-establish their waning prospect«. Can the Germans take Paris by assault? 1 can- not conceive it possible, unless things have been wofully neglected, and the garrison fails almost to tlip extent of treachery. 1 have assumed that the Anglo-French armies decline to bottle themselves up. "The I'arisinn of to-_ay is a vastly different per- son from his predecessor in 1S70. «The French Government lo«day is not,the'go-, vcrnment of Napoleon lil., or even thal of Jules . Favro. There has not been a whisper of hysteria, or the frotl; and bubble Hint loses its energies in stump speeches. On the contrary, all that we know would go to prove Hint the French realise the pos sihilitics of this war. and that they arc sober, silent, and determined.. ]. believe that even tho fall of Paris would hot de- flect the course of events, from its inevit- able, destined end, Und that it would not niove« the French people from their purpose« even if Paris were another Louvain. While 1 have discussed these' tilings hypotheticnlly, ii musí be clearly under- stood that 1 do not anticipate such a course of events. The ideas . attributed« to a «lapanese general absolutely coincide with the views I hnve nil along put forward. Germany must be caught filially in the vice of Russia, I'ninee, and England. Every- where, in the West there ¡H unrelenting defensive, and the reserve of the general offensive till the time is ripe. When that time comes, the choice will be willi the Allies how the blow shall fall. THE RUSSIAN CAMPAIGN. We now' shift our view to the East. The Kaiser lins gone to his "beloved Prussian piovinccs.-' Tjie reserves of the tllird line arc out. "Reinforcements have gone East. The various lines of defence that bar the llussiun advance have been or ai" being utiQiigthoued. The admirable Geniian ma- chine throbs as regularly ns the admirable German mechanic could wish; but the en- gineer, perhaps, is casting uneasy glances at the-coal supply. At last there is a bit of news for the outside world which can be classified ns not nil imagination. Some- where, in the East Prussian marsh country the llussiaiib have had a check. Orlelsburg is 85 milba south of Königsberg, and that is apparently the most advanced position of the Germans. Tiley have been reinforced bei., and their operations arc directed to delay the advance of the first Russian anny, and lo assist Königsberg by hamper- ing ita investing force. Meantime the cen- tral advance in Poland is slowly but relent- lessly pushing on. It lins beeil held back by the Austrian operations near Lcmberg. Tile terrible battle in Galicia, of which wc have had scarcely any details, but which bus been raging incessantly for days, has terminated, we are told, in the decisive defeat ol' the Aiistrians. Here Austria seems lo huvc mndu her final effort. A force of 150,000 men was engaged with the Russian left anny. The Aiistrians have fought well, but have been clearly outnum- bered and over-ninlchcd. A loss of .10,000 prisoners and 150 guns fell of a crushing defeat. The HUSHÍIIIIS will detach enough troops to keep the broken forces from re- covering. The main Russian armies will now« push on atong the Vistula line. There would be no intention of diverting their attention from their seltlcd objective1'. The general condition of Austria seems despe- rate. Wo hear less of the .Servians, and people wonder why they have apparently not rapidly followed up their »uiccsso.». It is necessary to say with reference to most at the Balkan States that; though, able« to'ope- rate and fight, with ' determination arid vigour near their bases, tiley arc not highly organised like those« of the great Powers, mid it is not easy for such armies to curry the offensive into an enemy'« couuliy |it« anything like the rute of progress Hint ¡s possible for snell nrinic.» ns the German or Kreuch. ?" PATRIOTIC EFFORTS. .MADAME MELBA'S CONCERT. The box-phm opened at Allan's yesterday for (he guinea und balf-guineu scats al; Madame' Melba's concert, at the Audi toi ¡um, on September IO, and the booking for the day amounted to £600. There are a number of excellent seats in the ic scrved portion, which xvill ,bo available from to-ilay. Many patriotic contributions will bo offered at the concert,'includmg Madame Melba's singing of-"God Save the King," in. which Madame Maggie Stirling, tin: choir, orchestra, and audience will join. There will also be a magnificent flag dis- play. The "Old Hundredth," and "Itule, Britannia" will be ming by the entire as- semblage. Miidume Melba will sing some* of her farnon« arias, including "Ave Maria" (from "Othello"), the Mad Scene from "Lucia di Lammermoor" (willi flute obbli pato by Mr. John Lcmmone), and'"Depuis , le Jour" (from Charpentiers "Louise"). Miss Jillcn Terry (by courtesy of Air. Joseph Blaseheclt) will take part in this notable event.. . The combined choirs (Phil- harmonic and Festival) will render, svjlli full orchestra, Jîlgur's great putriolie chorus. "Britons. Alert!" and Dr. Macken- zie's Umpire Flag." Mr. Frederic Col- lier and Madame Maggie Stirling ivill con- tribute solos. The "Melba's Own" Scouts (1st'Camberwell) will fonn a guard of honour to .Ilia lîxccileney the Governor General. Jivcryone present will icceive a souvenir Union.«Jack.and Australian nug«. S0FTG00DS' ASSOCIATION. .The Victorian Soflgoods-Association held, a patriotic smoke concert last night lo bid farewell to several members going lo the* front in the persons of Messrs. Fairnie, W. J. lüvans, Game,'F. J. Murray; U. Smith, and W. Kirton, presentations being made by the president on behalf of the associa- tion anel Mc Fallon. The association is holding ii grand patriotic concert in the Auditorium on Aveilnes'ilay, September ]6. under the patronage of the Slate Govemqr (Sir Arthur Stanley) and the Lord Mayor of Melbourne. The box-jilan is now- open at Hie rooms of the association, Blinders laue. RED CROSS -SOCIETY. AA/e ure requested to state that the tele- gram we published yesterday from Hie High Commissioner to Her lixeelleney «¡lady Helen Munro Ferguson)_wa.H sent by bim on behalf of the British Bed Cross Society. It, read: '.'Parent ' society state funds still urgently needed. Giving assistance tn Allies. They say lliait the magnificent re- sponse of Australia is. quite Hie features of their lists. They eagerly look forward to be'of service to the Australian contin- gent."' Goods arc arriving-at the central depot. Federal Gos-ernntt'iit House, in increasing quantities, but owing to the volunteering of a large number of packers employed by Mcisrs, McLellatt and Sargood Bros., thu packing is keeping lip to tin* supply. Large Quantities of books and magazines are behm dealt with,by the Victoria Li'iiguc. Owing lo the increasing volume of material, purl ici of ladies have been formed foi* morning, afternoon, and evening, and extra assistance of all kiuds has become necessary. CHILDREN'S SELF DENIAL. .- *rr*ja-Tiijc.;ia)iToii OK 'nu: ¿RUUS. ' Sir,-In 'référence (b Hie self;denial'Iil'ove. ment .which is liebig encouraged among children in schools, i.e., to i enounce their prizes in favour of the Patriotic Fund, would it be out of place for mu to suggest thal the booksellers' side Iii* icmenibcrcd. They have, doubtless, , already ordered their large stocks of books for the' eehonl Iirize business, anil «vii! have these books eft on their hands, book-- for which they cannot in ¡iny^olbcr woy find a ready «nie. Their business is bound to suffer in nuy case, but it bccink lo be that lo extend this movement, further is lo levy au unfair contribution from the booksellers of .Mel- bourne. Of course, if their orders, were not already given, it would not be so seri- ous for them. The idea of self-denial is an excellent one, but ive should take cut; that it. is nob uai ried out in such a way as to be unfair to ans* one section of the business community, -Yoiu-s, exe, PJUNCIPAL OF SCHOOL. Sept. 2.- ' COMMONWEALTH CONGRATU- LATION. '''SPLENDID ACHIEVEMENTS." Al the suggestion of Brigadier-Gcuer.il W. T. Bridges, who is to command tho Australian Imperial Expeditionary Form for Kuronc. the Minister for Defence (Mi. K. D. Millen) forwarded the following cable message to the Secretary of State fui War (I«rd Kitchener) yesterday: "All ranks Commonwealth Militar) Forces congratulate Army and Navy un their splendid achievements. Australiun Expeditionary Porcc eagerly look forward to joining their comrades in the field." FAREWELL TO MEMBERS. The employees of Messrs. Melville and Mullen met at the bouse ol' Mr. Slatteue, of Auburn, to bid farewell to two of their number.-'Messrs. J. Clark and G. 'Middle- ton, xvho are leaying for the war willi the first expcdiliontiry force. Tiley received .1 wristlet watch each, and complimentary speeches were made by Mcsbis. aMorris ami Slade. . r BALLARAT, Thursday. - Tlie.llallar.it men who have joiued the Expeditionary Force returned lo Broadmeadows this et cu- ing." Their departure attracted thousand« of bpectators to the railway station. Order-, had been given that only soldiers were to be allowed on the platform, and for a while the police were able to enforce this order. At last the pressure became too great lu be robistoil, and the crowd surged through the' railway gales, and then on in the platform. i;o great was the prêts thai several wollum faulted. Great cnthusiusin wns displayed, rounds of cheering miughng with the strains of the* baud music as the special train steamed away. Nineteen mein hers of the Y.M.C.A. arc included iii the Ballarat contingent. Numerous prcse-nta lions wert* made to various members ot Hu' Ballarat partv (luring the day. GKÜLONG,'Thursday.-A"ohiutpcrs from Geelong in Hie,expeditionary force* to tlie number of about HO were allowed leave of absence to-day. and relumed here by the afternoon -train for a public farewell. In the evening the soldiers,.in charge of -Afujor McNicoll, assembled at the top of Moora- bool street, ami, headed by Hie Gcelou« Municipal Band, marched to His Majesty« Theatre, where ii patriotic deinoiibli atina was held. The building was packed, hun- dreds being nuable to gain admission. Ail dresses of farewell were delivered by the mayors of Geelong (Alderman K G. Guiri. Newtown and Chilwell (Councillor Cairns I. and Geelong Wirst (Councillor G. J. Scarlci. and représentatives of the several bi'iielt and national societies- .Prcscntutiohs xvcic made by the mayor of the eily to a number of the volunteers on behalf ot friends. 1 In- gathering closed with Hie National An- them. AMMUNITION FACTORY. WARRENHEIP SUGGESTED. BALLARAT. 'lliursduy.-rAs a rcsiill m a question put, to him when speaking ni Ballarat on Alond.iy night. 'Air. .1. II. MoColl, HIP Vice-President uf the IIAUU tive Collin*')1, stated that he ii nulli lu inn .unelri' the notice of Mc Ahilen It lu* Alun tor for J)efi>nçcJ the advi.siilillil.v ni e-iaii lishiug an iimmumtioii luctoiy ¡it Wunen licip. it was represented Hint the itictoi'i would bo i botter located inland than neu the isciihuiiril Mr. Mel'oil tii-uiglit MI funned Iii* luii-rlioiiei- Hull li" ii.ni lu,ji:;,lit th.- militer ui.elt'f Ah'. Milieu's lie,'ice. (Continued on Page. I2.i (Continued from Page 10.) TRADE AND THE WAR. PRICE OF FOODS BILL CONFLICT IN PARLIAMENT. TWO HOUSES DISAGREE THE EFFECT OF DELAY The Price of Foods Bill was before the Legislative Assembly again yesterday. On Tuesday the Legislative Council had re- jected certain provisions which the Legis- lative Assembly regarded as vital, and re- fused to accept the compromise which the Assembly had suggested. The Legislative Council insisted that be- fore appointing a board to deal with prices, and submitting questions to it, the Ministry should first make inquiries and satisfy itself that in regard to any particular item there was a danger of cornering. Having satisfied itself that there was such a danger, the Ministry should then appoint a board to in- vesitgate the matter. On the Assembly meeting yesterday, Mr. Mackinnon moved an amendment of that provision to the effect that the Ministry before appointing a board "is to be satisfied that the appointment of such a board is to be for the welfare of the State." Mr. Mackinnon said that the object of the amendment inserted by the Legislative Council seemed to be a desire to interfere with and delay the work of the board. Mr. Bayles.—That is very unfair. Sir Alexander Peacock.—It is straight- out, anyhow. Hon. Members. — "Hear, hear," and cheers. Mr. Mackinnon.—It might not have been intended, but the effect was such. He would be generous enough to suggest that the Council's action was not intentional. There could be no risk of the board behaving in an objectionable way to the public. The Ministry had given the assurance that the board would consist of men representing the various interests concerned, and, sup- posing the board was to go roaming over the 1,400 items of foodstuffs that Mr. Bayles had discovered, it would still be im- possible for the board to do anything in re- spect to them without the sanction of the Governor in Council. The effect of the Legislative Council's amendment would be that the Ministry would have to find out what article was being interfered with, and then draw the attention of the board to it. That would mean a loss of time. By ar- rangement with the Federal Ministry, a board was to be appointed to make inquiries as to where food stocks were held. While that information was being prepared the damage was being done. Hon. Members.—"Hear, hear." Mr. Mackinnon.—There was nothing to prevent our foodstuffs from being used to feed the Empire's enemies. Mr. Warde.—It only shows that the Federal Referendum should have been car- ried. Mr. McCutcheon said that he did not see much difference between the amendment proposed by the Legislative Council and what the Ministry proposed. He was op- posed to the delay; but, nevertheless, he deprecated Mr. Mackinnon's reference to the Legislative Council. Mr. Mackinnon.—I said that Chamber's action would have the effect of hampering investigations, but I went on to say it was not intentional. Mr. McCutcheon.—It was a matte for re- gret that the Legislative Assembly had not been given an opportunity of settling the bill on the previous day. Mr. Warde.—Why does not the Council sit? It is their fault. Mr. McCutcheon.—There was nothing to prevent the Ministry, once the board was appointed, giving a formal direction to that body to proceed with its investigation. There was no need to split hairs when a thing could be pushed to a conclusion. The only other point the House had to consider was whether it was right to give a board, or even the Ministry, power to fix prices lower than the amount actually paid for the food- stuffs. The Attorney-General had pro- mised that, supposing a higher price could be secured in Great Britain, foodstuffs could be sold for export. The Ministry should see that where a man had bought goods he should not be compelled to sell them at a lower price than he actually paid for them. Such a thing was not likely to occur; but Parliament should conserve the interests of the community and guard against such a probability. The Minstry should take that point into consideration and come to terms on the bill, because there was not sufficient difference between the two amendments to prevent the bill from pass- ing. Mi l'uni doubted whithu Ah Alukin II iir" fin-would Inn bien reiln-pd is flip 1 < -.ill t of tin li"i-litisi (nilli li- unen«! mont Hoiicsu winn ml condition w is mtdi limul 1 ici nu ii le 1 lout Ihc bill loiflel li I illili Hie Mmistii should ne . 1 pt the lespon-ibihti 1 f ii- 11 lion- uni of «'ding "nods lo HIP -ein lull lln mu ml me ni lundi (lit Mini-ln ii-pnn-iblt mil tint 11 is ill lint was iiquntd ill Aiiukii -ml tlmt HIL issue belwicn llig two IIou-i- 11 is sill -imple I lit I egis litivi ( numil in isltd Hint befóle Hu bond eulie! inquut lilli) wini iii- 1 ltnsouible pritc len nil 11 ti« 1« ot lood-t ills tlitit -hould hilve li 111 hill mt«-tuition lu the Ahnistu is lo tint puiiiiilii uiticle ^¡1 Alexiinilii PCKOCI -If wp did tint in |i pcifiinctois 111 mu, 1 it would be hum bug Ah Al nie s -Uni mu-l mein Hint is to «seil* -jit c ide ulule 1lip Ahm til must ni ki 1 lull iiive-ti"ition Hie Mmisti) 1 mild 11 it 1 omi to 1 dptu mm ition us to silu! w 1- 1 11 i-onah!i pioht unless it lind '¡cejlilce! wini w is 11 111-oniblc price It « is uni ci (mahle In ti-k Hint nf ti t tim bom ti li id in uli 1 full niouii) Hint it -liouhl lit 1 keel to male uiotliti lull inqiiii) Hi it ivis wini this in« lint Hut bung bo be . lui not see how tin lleiu-e mulei ague to Hu iiiuiiiilniuil us it «nulli mile* tlie lull iliiilutili luittoi!. ibh It mu-l bp 1 tim in lind Hint Hu- vv 1- no1 III melin 111 lime but 1 1111101I ol wm xs hen e xpodilicin vi is v«-entitl loi (hit ici-nu the ainctidincnt oi Hi« louncil sliinild In HU i-ule Hitit « nulli bi no nlijei lum lo Hu prnpo-cil iiiiindmuif lu the Ahni-(«i xx hi« li -if« "nml, ,1 Hu iiiintiph of Hie bill Ihc pin I u-t el iiiunibnint mule tilt Alini-liv 11 iponsibl ill 1 Hie bond li id in ide u n «nunile ml itmn 1- ti Hie piup A\ hut linne le-pon-il ilitv null tin- Jlousp s«i I 1 > phut ilpili ii llml t iiii-e v mili! onlv le tikui IIIPI Hie full«-t iiuiinu 'Hu bill 1 is puniiiitid with 11 spoiisibililY but tin 1 nu minn m piopr-nl bv Iii« ( niiiiul would uiji) ii ling 1 i< Lu ibl« nu! of lui 11 -1 wliiit 'UYh 1 Y\ 1 ill-em Mid tlmt lb« Almi-tiv li ut mun lln winiig w is about de ibng w itli lln i|iii-lmu Wini it should Imvc dom is to luve ecu m intim ti nil Hu win al 111 tllP lOIIIilll IS s mu |s l\lll lllokl Dill md onh Imp lil ii out ill sin ill pup Is It ill on« lum! w is tim Hit I.« iniitii« lim! ilit id bunjil 111 gi ipi IIIIIIKS ol illicit III Hu- ininti \ md h id -i ni ii imbi pill) I 1 then min pt nile linn weeks ago Hu A-scmlih igicnl to tin- lull, ihkmg (lit ( ounoil In pit- li 1- -pt «dill u possible I hell hill linn -«vu li ielji.il lillie nts of the ( otuipil uni 111 tin ipi nil um the in itc of w hi at li iel 1 ispii 1 f tin mi asín 1 lind it onpi lieem i-stnteil to hv the Council the pi opie eit Auteuil is ould lim« be en in« I thou \- nitls of pi und- It 11 id« Ins b'ooil boil to II nils, oi the pi mili I em. Hu 11 dm tins wai I xiipris nthci Ullin lo !!nti«li pints shout«) iiiinii dinlt Iv lu blnpiMil (( Inns ) lu nun ? >l iviu Hu |t >J>1« bhould lu ibh In «hliiin Illili fond- tufTs 1- ehe ipil us pos-ible I lu I nigel Hie d« lui Hu Inghti 11 eui hi be HIP lunar-(li it would hu« lulu iiui.l Hu «h lux mu'tlil nie 111 11 fort um lo Hu tiiulus and inii-eiY lu Hiei-i wini line foned to bin vv lion out of «liiploiinciil All Ixi list who biipiioilpil Hip amend niti)t of HIP Almiblu biul (hut lu muli! not uiiili'i-iimd win Hu mimbus of tin Ligis I unit (nulliii who hid hi« 11 Imiught up III Inxtliv nil linn lins should hut iitul is Ihm hid linne lil« Sp« ii u - Olde I ' A 011 iniibt not -ill) niHliiig iilliitiiig on iiieuibcis m unothu pinn Mi Millik -Is ii 11 ii.lhilion 1,1 M_t llml null lum bun In might up 111 IIIXIIIY ' ti dlightPi ) Ali Ixe u,t - Hu* dPiui of Hu f .unit I undi bim fed vu v wi illiful Acs-els win '1 lYing Ihisp sholl- with tlitiiibiiuls of big ni 'jlpll! \llbtlllllil HIS fllllll Ililli li bought mil Iheip might be a vgiv pooi w liiiil nop Ile sin«eiciv 1 oped that al Hit ni XT eli« tunis Hu ulliliult of Hu mcmbtis nf Hie Imme ii would be i< tntnibuicl \ mimbil of pu-ons YIPIP bpuuliiting just now nnd lln' puns gum often YU ni be xoi|d Hie uttiiil tinienl prie 1 uni mon Hugill begnell than Hu bonni would um biilcr a ic ?Mallabie liguic Jin Mini-ti) iv ib*iiLting vvibilv 111 lending Hi« piopo-uls of the foimul UiucliY biligundini' ih< !>eo))lc uni! lu vi is nmn/ei! it tin ittiou I ikejn bl the I ppei House Sir Alcxiindtr I'« muk «uni that the Pi mu Ahiiihtot, at a «riliual lune had «ulled to gi thtr to a council not on!) Ins own olbccts, but the foi mu Prime Minister (Mr Tislier), the formet Attoint} General (Air Hughes), ¡ntl tin Pi emin s of the v mons States Ibis council li id been unanimous that i me iMiri lil i tin pi osent ont was non-ban lue Sirte Almistiv lo«-t no turn in giving ptftcl to (lit proposals suggested mil tluci weeks had now tlap-id binn that tiiut owing to Hie dilay on the put of the Coun .lil He vv is not going into the merits of the nniindnicnts bet mm tin points had bein tit ni} put Um Mmislrj totild no1 undtrtiil i the le-ponsibiliti of limiting this inouiiv \\\ hilt Unit vi is Uni dell} vvbith could not hi avoided, hi wished it to be le mimbeitd thnt Hine had been no debt} on the pirt of the Alinistn in tegtid to tin ippointmint of tin bo îrd Lv ci v thing av as lead} J he bond would ho thoiougliT} ii present itivc Un MmiKtu bid eoininuni tattd willi men lcpu tntmg various intii ists md is i-oon as tbt niensuie icteivtd tin a suit of the Countil matters would ii spiedilv piotcdcd with Jil was s itis hid lint iiii-mbirs ttpiestntmg the Libu ti intuesl would be tonipletch ulisficd willi tin ton«titution of tin bojid windi would bi thoinuglil} itprci-intalivi of tin intcic-ts of Hit '-lite Air 1 Imibc sud that he must edi public ttttntmn to vi hat tin ] cgi-lnlm Council v as loing nilen lonfheliiiL mtiitsts win it stile At tin finn of tin linineiil uisis, mil wlirn thin w i, i bl thhooil of tioublc in uiothei diietlion tin public was not fieid with tin sput tilt nf oin section of the l'niliiiiitiit hanging bael and holding np bu nu -. iii a month Ihen tin Legis litm (muni sit ill night to -it a bill ¡hiougli Hie Lt-t-litivt Council bid full 1 bulli to use to Hu ocu-ioii Ali 1 \\\ Billson lind pointu! out tin dis istrous Kiii«_qiiineis ol the dein and ii icidv floui hil ii-en in pun b} ti per ton If tin bill lud bctn passed when aub milted Hu public would hive been stved this addition Jhcit vv is thin plenty of I wheal md (loin but liligi iMioits li id ni lindv diminished lid «.toil s Hut vi is one of tin IM sons u| tin use in nine of Hour lit would hit lu btop nil that J he tlfctl oi tin Jc-Hilivc Councils auitndinoiil would In to luvt Ihiet niqiiiiiih and con 1 i-ctpientli uidlcss diluí It would In del iv dein dein nil doug tin lim md the up I w ml tendmcv of pines I Ali s. low bull--L«. the Collin il s imcnd i mint will |iievi nt tin ippointini nt ol a boatd until till Vinistiv li is madi its lil (pin} lil AT K AIiKtn/n di ploied tin action of tin Ii-ii litivt Connell Hie bill ivas instilled bv tin txtiaoidiiiaiv enuinistances linn w is no Mig(,tslion of pin ling with Vu li mimt uv conti ol In handing Hits que lion ovel to tin Almistiv Hon Mcmbeis- Iii u hear Ml Al Is Afelveivii -Ali I \\\ Hill <-nu vi is quite light alt.liou.'li it w is not lui to (ondemn ton «cinch nnv oversight ibnnl (hi < .pott ilion if ville li Ali Met ulalu on - J he Commonwealth must attrill lo tliat Mi Al K Atel.t-ii/ii - Hu Viimc Mini- tel hid consulted all fctitis ind ill political pillie md theiefon if this milter lind i t ti < ti nut ne no oui m in or no oni pirt} iculi ht ht Id ti billilli Pos-iblv \ustrilii w s sii| pi} mg loodslulis 11 (ho e who were it vi u nilli Gie it Hut un In Hu Villis if Stptunbei 2 it w is pointed out Hill .u ti ilia hld 1(1 ODO 000 bushels of ville ii av ni ibli foi c\poit and lonsiqucnll) n i tiun should hi lost in sttuiiu.! tho-i -toils Ai i li di i inn«, piovult loi lier i un iiquiiemttit» ind H ni sie Ihi*- the II dum w is stilt lo («ii it Iliitiuii (Clieini ) I Hu Commonwealth ot llio .litis could I linchase Hie millidie stn pins to prevent I the po sibibtv oi it netting bevond their ' i nil roi Alt J \\\ Hill on s suggestion w is i vi i«t oin Ali I'undcrgo-sl -uti tint since tin intro I dueti m ot the bill Hu i mo of vi heit bad tlviiKeJ )d pel bushel lhere wete S ( KI DO) bu-hels ni A i tom to din in cord i nu t^ he Al tiiuii t ivcr^mint «-titist nil ii tint muntitv hilf was lvuhblt for e\| ort \ 1 p of pd )iei bu lui nn the 41)0)0(10 bushel- leniiiiid foi A'ictoiii vi is t uni iii nt to <" ! 000 0011 rome into the nr lit- oi spei- nliil oi s People wore gnm bl iv iiptn «lint fiitme- and not til mg di bv in of li single In slu 1 "-onie people vviic veiv min li cone incd about the vie] Ifue if tin firinei- Onh SOt 000 bn-hils I f illicit vii- held on H <. fat m« ind the 1 ii nu i vi is in the hinds of speculator-« Siv. \lc\uidi! Ti uoil should «eenie re | luina -how mc the nil mut uf n heat that bid ben ivputed dilling tilt last few weds mil it destination and mall the ficts ii ni dill ti Pith munt ((lim-.) lint ii old lit ii idv ntl i l> till fair li i Ins md it v mild (\po tho i who con -illili «julv thin pr nuil uilv iiicuiHUt ntl then own p c1 et- I'nfoitiinntelv lrgi hition vi is minimi to picvtnt the wheit tom ' out of \tis|iali i but sniupthini' tould 1 dom md ought to be doiu lo -how up tho-i nun who vint pipíe sing piliioticj intiimnt md t Hit- «tim tune miling "mi oil ol Hu needs "f tin neoph (I h ir- ! It w i n nulli Hill the bill sli mid 1 ive I ni hell mi sine Au u-t 11 li Hu It lillie ( oiinoil bad bun m e i ni-I li uld hive I mi ins id in a di} Ali Add union s umndintut was igreod li on till UKI and t motion ins sting th I lh< otlni annulments (f the Tcgi-da (onn d wheh i ero of minor import b di i.rt i d vv ith vv is agi ceil to w ith out di-cu-si in CXPORT TR4DB. THE DIPEIIIAL POLICY RESTOBIFG N0JWAI. CONDITIONS Whcthu wheit ihippcd furn \u-ti ilia foi neutial port is hktlv to indi the ntlions now at w ii with du it Util un was fuel} di ni-id bv mimbus of the l.euslativp A- iiiibh ve-tuiliv Jin Pie nuei (Su AltMinde Pt »otk) dnictcd out of hw olheus lu nuil i inquines as to whithu mi illicit wis bung loaded lil Mdbouiui foi ^ililli \miiiii is li id blip it|ioited w is Hu i isc J he olhiu mfoimed tin Punnu tint lit hid Iseettamed tint two buques wen at piesent taking in wheit minois fu South Amil inn poits . piimimiiit -hi| pin. linn vvioti to the Pi ullin olUnn-, tin mioiiniitioii that one l sin ill i iilmi. vi- 1 w i- loidin«, wheat for South Vinci nn but that tin ungo was sold pi un ti Hu ullin ii of vv u lhey won m a l -it m to - iv 11 it no steameri wen luidme wheit foi .South Ameritan port lisludiv ^u MiMtidei Pi noik com niumintid with the 1 ulei ti Alitnsti} on the ulm it ut upurl oi loodstnlTs ind was minimed thil tin tin ml policy of tilt fin) uni Coi ti nun nt w is lo leston trade ,tu it- noi mai di ninds as soon na possible I lu < < nun mu illh Ainu tu ltiogni ed Hit possibility, of -iipph s fioin Atistialiii bung tiUimntelv lian-] ittd to tin tmniv s tonn tuts nul h id liten m eoniinuiiieition with Hi Julinu ii I uniment on Hut sub jid I be Cm inoiiwcaltli Alinisttis as silted mt -ml Si ' Met inder Hut thiv will lu ¡.I id li linne infouiintion fi om uiv sunn ni i iitiimst inees that give mun I foi si\\-iit(tni4 that iny food sup lilus'l i mi i-ipi lied au leiillv intended foi Hu ennui i ioniums As Premiei of HIP ^-l iii | to would wcltoim nnv-snell infini uni I nu ippnintmg two tho ínu-Jilv idi dil uni iitluirs to whom nil sudi infiin it ion will lu ii fund Tliev will mile III ii own initsligntions m ship lung ml the! tit hs is ti tin uiciim slim is ni tin pin'uses mid Hit pi nbubU ihstin t n | ,)| I, i Mulls tMioiltd Jin Hati Al m m u uni t th it Hit lirsl inn -ititi ila li mut lie Hu mtiiesls of Hil iiuph I \ u t jii i ml the ni onie of tin (ominonw inltl Ulutivti foo lsluffs vic i m s m slu uki |oli Hu pioplt of Grcit Hulaiii and lo mu tillie NECESSARY COMMODITIES. NEW SOUTH WALES COMMITTEE s\DSJ v Ihiiihthu-Ali li A\ dib hspie ti Mihsjs (iilles)iii Hiolhus und (o limn liulltis if JJ ti lim .1 hil iel Svd nu in m in«, tv "h HI lodav hefoic tilt Nieih-iuv t iiinnioditm (ominiltti ovtl windi bulgi 1 duiiiiiil- pit sided, wild that lu» finn hal inutiihid the putt of lloui on nuniinl >f Ihi nullawil pint of wheat On lilli J1 Hu Wociution of Aldlers linscil lloui labu s fiom t!) to £0/10/ i top On August 4 thui was a fiiithei n_«< of 10/ HUM win on aeeounl of nu id v ann in win nt pines On lulv ii whait vv is VU n bushel in Sydnev On August I it was 4/1 i busliil On \ugiist )1 tin lim if lloui nut. niised to 1-10/10/ li ton Wheal I nil i u til at tin same Illili to 1/0 it liushil I oitv eight bushels ol w bent win ni edi d to pioduct a ton of lloui Iliiiifiu i i\si of Id n bushel of win ii nn mt an idvnnit of 4/ it ton in the tost of Hit iniiiiufnctuii of (loin Ali (iillespu lilnttiig a sii.geslion wbilli tin 1,111111 ti idt nindi lu Hu New South \\\ alls tiovminimi ininti} sind that tin} ndvisul Hu I'lemiu (Ali Hillman) und tin t lilef SICK tun (Ali Cann) to icfiiso to allow nnv vvluut oi flout to bo i\poitcd, i\tipt mulei Govuninenl supervision, until suth lune iw min tame und gnvi Minn idea IIH to f nt mi. supnhth Hie sug gtstion WHS turned unpiljotic, and sinci tKn nu ini,eimnts heuntu lu hnve bom nindi foi the c\piut of it fan quunlitv of win it lu fin ign lountius .shed whit fntcit,u lountiies ho referred lu Ali ( illispii wini tint oin in point was tin vi tit mast ot South Ami rica tl onliniiui«. Ah (Tillesnie said that iiMiiiH wv » lo tin pribSrb} the Priuli Alinistet reminding prîtes were all at «en 1 he prospects of the wheat crops m Autoiii and South Austiaba weie vet-} bud but thev wire a little bngblei in JSevv s0utb Wales Fngland tould ho thought get good supplies of wheat flora Argentine vihtio the crop prospect« were vuv good Hie last harvest in Canada had been nun feood one PRICE OF MEAT. aUEENSLAND COMMISSION BIIISBANU rimrsdav -Hie Southern Division Control of lude Bomd took evi dence to dn} icgarding the puce of meat Air Ileniv Haynes wholesale butcher, st lied Hut he would not sa\ what he con -idoied a fair price in the ret til trade foi beef und mutton bul said that the high puce was due solch to the euornious de mand for export Witness did not think Hu re was anv likelihood of a i eduction in the prut of meat during the present sea son and added that the cost of meat in the }ards to-day wa« 11/ per 1001b more than at this time lnst veal Ali George Jennings manager of the Pas toral Butihcnng Co and president of the Mattel Hutchtrs Assocntion, said in icplv to a question bv the ehnirinan, as to the tensón for tin high prne of stock in the vardn that the e\poit pnci had been praituullv fixed at 30/ pu 1001b Hie Chairman-lhen it is the export ttadc that is making the high price for bei f > v\ itness- flint is so together with the fut that we an at tin end of tilt season If meat limained at 30/ pet 1001b btitchirs (ci lamb tould not affoid to sill at pic sint prîtes 1 he toininission adjourned till to mor rou BRITISH TRADE. AUSTRALIAN FREIGHTS WAR RISKS REDUCED Jin Pi emin (Su Alexander l'cacotk) vthtcrdav leeuvid the following cable mes sages ft out tin \gtnt (jineial (Ml P Ali lb ide) - Uank moratorium lo bo ettendtd one month in piesent forai Board of liiule warning companns not lo pav dividends ot uiteicat to peisons ltsulint in enemies' turitories or on their msli uttions oi to transftr their shares or dihenturts Wai pi minims on hulls i educed 20 per cení \ustialiin frpijjits redmill 2/(1 pel ton Gno goods 1/1 pir ton lower ratt goods Underwriters win lisk i educed to 2 per cent ' j WAR RATES Hu Afanne 1 nderuiiteis «.ssocmtiou of A letona has rcttntd t ibletl advice from the Institut! of I ondtin LndciWTitus thal the following wai intis have bien adopted bv Hut association foi British and nil flags c\ icpt ticiman} and \iistun viz -Jo or 11 oin the United Kingdom J nst and \\\ es1 Coast» of \inerien and Canada 5 per tent to oi ft oin lins side of Sue/, unhiding Judia and Colombo, via Leeuwin 1 pel cent to or from South .frica 3 pu tent , tu mil ft mu the J list and the Pacido Islands, ri pel cuit WAR AND WAGES BOARDS. MANUFACTURING GROCERS An animated discussion took place at the meeting of the Manufacturing Gioccrs 1 m plo}ccs Jndusliial Union on Wednesday ivening over it pioposal that Hit grocers' sqii Irits w ages board should bi adjourned until aftet the wai It wau eventual!} dei ided that tin employees' dolientes should list tuSn bcsl endinvours to bring ont a ni u aw arti as the pi esent w ago of __/_/ was fat too low * LONDON WHEAT MARKET Ihi Dipaitmnit of Agnciiltuii vestoidii} rttcived the following table message - I ondon Sept 2-Wheat market firm but quiet GERMAN STEAMERS« HESSEN ARRIVES PROM BREMEN Another Geiinnn vessel-the NDL liner Hessen-ainv ed here )cstuda) moni mg from Bl einen direct, hu muster, Cip tam Kennels, being unawaic tint his conn tr) and Gieit Butain were at w ii Ile vv is consequently taken completer) b) surpnse when the startling ntws was come)ed to lum b) Ciptnin Richardson, Hit naval ex nmining olden, who nut md bonded Hie linn alf I'oitsta Captain Renners ex piesscd great astonishment on leal nmg the truth having is he sud, been mulei the impression tint hostilities bctwccii Cieat Britain und Gciminv were luglilv mi piobablc Hiving completed the uso ii for nullities in legald to captured ships uni placed un ui meei guard on the Imei I ip tain Richuidson pcinulttd bet to plotted up to Hobson s Bi), whole she au ii ed md anchoicd ut half p ist 10 o clock in the fote noon Hie Hessen, winch is loidcd with genual cirgo for Melbourne S)diie), Ncwcisllc, and Brisbane, is a bister ship of the 1 oth ringen which, logethei with the Hu co othei interned Golman icssels also Ins it tht nnchai ige oil Williamstown A sixth captured stumer-the Altona-is bei tiled up the nvci tlisciintgiiig height Ihc lit» sen, windi is a familiar ti idu to Australia, t irries a complement of 4b all told She is of í OOS tons gioss, and has a speed of ibout 12 1 nols an bom Not bung equipped w iib wirelcbs apparatus, htr chances of learning tint wai bad been declined dilling her long nonstop voyagt from Hit Continent weie, ot tourse, remote VESSELS AT CAPE TOWN GOVERNMENT ACTION URGED SYDNEY, thursday-A nicelmg of con signées of cargo on boaid the Gerin in v<*s sols ipoldi Biikcnfcls, and Hanlin now detained at I ubi, B ii South Afncxi, was btld to du at the Chamber of Commute It was mi inmioiisl) ngiitd lint eonsluiics if uro x Hie linn in strunirs Vnoll lliniin and lliikcnfii« it i r sint detuned oi interned at C-q c lovsn ("r o to join in in» «minion at lion w bit It mis be taken bs 101 in eira it titlu r fiorts suth i sietv o olXalnnu: n con tut ( the I'rirc Curt nt tape lissn ti Hi «aid Itllliers behn, lui iel t on I s prire ere ss or une! r armed jruud tee Heir sill us Vu tralhn ,!, »til limns us uncu ills contemplate I mil Ihit we will be pit|xue| to pi) cur piojortion of whutcscr east nias b in eiirreii lo I rJi " Ile sleuutis on und that is the f e um mut d \ n South Villis* I is mon nins tar"o in sonit if not ill ( f t! e «lid bte-imir the Preinlei It rcejucstcd I lake the lines.an htcps witli a »les to tin Commonwi iltli Crown solicitor lllllciliL II e tectssaiv nppllcitl n te the I nzc Court I f i] iossii cn lehalf of the con blbiKStr«, colieetlsels DEPUTATION TO MR GLYNN Since the ontbrcnl of the w ir three Ger man vew-rls hivn been sci/ed ni ( ipe lown These stciimeib hive on bunill foi Ausli ilia ciugocs fiom Germain mid \«w \oik x allied it about LOO 000 J he Ahnistci foi Exleinil Alluis (Alt G1)mi) list «vening leccived a deputation from the ¡Melbourne Cliambu of Commuée repicbenting about 200 consignees and tilt Ahnibttr mu, asl ul ivhctbci iirraiigcmcnts could be made for the nu goes to be lu ought to the Common wi ilth Hie depulilion pointed out that the de liven of the cjigoes affected the emploi ment of n linge numbei of people ni Ans trail l, us w til us the individual consignees H w is thought tlmt means might be lound foi allowing Hit ships to be brought to Atibtintui bv pn/e crews Air Gl)iin m îeply, said dilhcult) aiote from the fatt thal the Government w is not dncctl) mtcKsled in the ciugocs ind that us a litigant it could luixe no stalin m tho Pn/e Coiut Al! the Munt, ho felt that the Government had a sort of obligation nut side of the pin el) personal one to gd the inconveniences- icnioitd Tlie mallei was now within the iiiiibdiction of the Pn/e Court of South Attica and it vv is foi those iiitcicstnl to submit then chung to the Coiut Hie Government had alreadv com munn atti! b) c iblt w ith the teoullt Airn in Government tosci whether som« thing tould not be dont in these mattoib A icpl) was exppttcd on the following day If it »ii» not biitislietoiv IK would cible to the High Commission«! lo eli iw the attention of Ile Tmpuuil Govi i um* tn lo Hit question lhere wire eel lum rules of law comiede iviUi stizuits vvhith uccdbbaril) cicntcd hardship, but whatevei wis reasonable would be done lo assist merchants and otbtis eoncirned ANCIENT MARINERS OFFER At their meeting last night the Ancient Alarméis of A ntoiii decided to offer then ¡services in the iolloiung rt- olution which was uniinmiou«lv earned Hint in the clent t a u-ar-it} of ccrtiflcntid ofilccri the Viieicnt Minni ra otter to the Goiein mont their scrilecs for the 1 urpo . of trims porting the oneniy s ship-, now ititeiaicd at Mci bourne to other ports iiitliin the Coiiiiiioniicalth e i Hi it tliei ma} di-cliur-c their airfaoe«, in the interest of Vustrab-in trade * POSTPONING DEBTS. WEST AUSTRALIAN BILL j LABOUR, PROPOSAL I PLHJl], J hursda}-In the Legislativ o A-scmll} lo d i} the Premier (Ali Scad dan) moved the second loading of a bill, entitled the Postponement by Protlamation ol tin J'n}inent of Debts Air feenddnn said th it the measure vv as a copi of tin -sew South Wales act but he would idd a clause appointing a cominis sion, with povvci to innko e.empilons on application in tu tain cases Hie Govern mont did not vi ant to shift debt re&ponsibih; tits simplv fi oin the shoulders ot oin to anothci J le had consulted the Opposition lendei, and he agieed Hutt it was neccs sar}, under the cn--instances, that the pow eis of the bill phould be taken, tv en if it should not be ntitssai-} to cxettisc them * Ml Wilson Opposition leadir, saul that if a dissolution wue not imminent, and at least two months must elapse beton the now Piiiliamtnt could mict, he would not have agiiul to the incóame If unwise!} nil mini-tend it would involve the total slop pugi of et ubi md ponsequentl} the stopp ite ot omploiincut Iii welcomed tin pioposal foi a íepicücntiitivi commission to aduunib tu tin meisiiic, ind, as III HIP Conti ol of J radi \it ncentl} pi- (Instil j owns liiit-lil rendel it unuiccssaiv to e\eru t thiin J he di bate was adjoin ned bndii tin nu istin the Govcrnoi ma}, bv jiioilaniation dulan tin pnvmtnt ot all debts linn due or actiuiiig uitlim tin pit md nu utioucd, and tin tinsses spctihid in Hu piuchimntioii oi tin spicihtd pio pot Don of uni suth tlibts, subject to suth I conditions and exceptions contained in snell ptoclamulion, postponed to a dite foi it pei tod to be tim ein specihed Wime m I tori ^t was ilinrfciiibli biiih mttiist shall (uninun. to tun bul bliull not bt ]ia}abli. dining suth postponement, the ait to con tump in tom until si. months aftet the declination of pe lit MILITARY DESPOT. "THE BLOOD OF INNOCENTS" I BUISBWI, Ihuisdnv - Speaking at Hit Biooklnld Show luncheon to dil}, Mi labt} Al h C declined that env} of Hutmill giiitmss and fieidom had lind nindi lu do with the picstnt crisis Jt wus foiled In a Contmintul mililai} dispotism dunlin ilid b} a thque in J'rus sia vi huh -uppotted ono who would wade through t sea ot blood of innocents that lie might go down to ostiuty as a helo Jf Hu it was lttiibutivt justne that man would pii} ptniiltv ore mini} jciirs lud jiasaid and if so Ccrmtini tin gi cut nub tun n ilion ol to din would be but a housi of linds and Great liiitain mon than tin Hit patiou und piotcitoi of hbirt} (Chccis ) IGNORANT OF THE WAR. TONGA FOOD SUPPLIES AUClvLVND (t\\_), Jhursdii} - Jin captain of tin barque Ys ibila vv Inch in lived from the longa Islands, in Hit South Paeifii was aslomshid to kain of the wai Hie island nsidcnts hi said, kmvv nothing of the oulluiik of hostilities, but nut concerned owong to the nonaiuval of the Anti land bteamti w ith supplies 'Lint soniitluug is now indiuillv vuong Ihev will have Kiihscd us tin whilt and native popul ilion in tin longan droup will be pinitienllv staiving J lit stiiinu "Simm w ¡1! sail this evtning but longa has been cut out of.hu. itincrar} ^ PATRIOTIC FUNDS. OVER £118,000 SUBSCRIBED. AUSTRALIAN PATRIOTIC FUND. 'Lord Mayor's Appeal .- ..£86,353 l8 IO "The Argus" List.£3,495 II 8 (Initiated by the Lord Mayor, Alderman Hennessy,. anil taken up simultaneously hy the Lord M.iyor of Svrtney, und tlie mayors of Adelaide, firisbane, Perth, and Hobart, for the creation oí un Australian Patriotic Fund, for the sustenance of the wives, children, nnd paruitsnf those who volunteer for active service in the war.) EDWARD WILSON ESTATE FUND, £10,000. (For the purpose of assisting to alleviate any distress that may nrise in Victoria during the continuance of the war. The money will be handed as occasion ¡irises to certain charitable institutions, to be devoted exclusively to the relief of suffering or want uttrihutahie.to the war.) MRS. WALTER HALL TRUST FUND. £10,000 (For the purpose of alleviating distress occasioned through the war. The income of the trust is divisible, under its terms, as. follows:-One half in New South Wales, and one quarter euch to Victoria and Queens- land.) LADY MAYORESS'S FUND .. £1,438/11/0£ "Tho Argus" List. £10 6 0 (Appeal made by the Lady Mayoress, Mrs, Hennessy, for gifts of money or goods to provide com- forts for tlie troops.) ,, BRITISH RED CROSS SOCIETY. Australian Branch Fund . ..£14,056 13 5 Victorian Branch. £93P 4 ? "Tho Argus" List.£1,218 4 3 (Contributions of clothing »nd of money sent to the Australian branch arc forwarded to the liri I in li Ited Crohs Society, which undertakes the care of the sick nnd wounded of all the lmiK-iial troops. These con tril(iit¡mis go lo England, because, the baue of Operation!« being in «Europe, it ii there that the sick und wounded must be fared for. The ¡lrltUli »ed Cross Society is the only organisation rc-ognised by international tuntention tor doing Ulis »otk. Australian troops will benefit exactly to the same extent as all the other troop» engaged lu defendiug the Umpire.) J BELGIAN RELIEF, FUND. Lord Mayor's Appoal. £892 2 0 "Tho Argus" List.£2,695 5 IO (For the purpose of alleviating I distress in liclglum caused by the , war. It is considered that many persons in Victoria will be glad of the opportunity of showing in 1 this way their appreciation and ad- miration of the ' rcmarkablo work i of the Belgians in delaying the I German advance.) I 1 FRENCH RELIEF FUND. French Consulate Appeal .. £167 2 0 "The Argus" List. £52 3 C (For the piirpoFe of alleviating distress in Prance caused by the war.) BANDS FOR TROOPSHIPS FUND. Lady Mayoress's Appoal . ._ £95 12 0 "Tho Argus" List. £4 0 0 ihip?. Funds for five bands have been supplied-one by Colonel and Mrs. Burston, one by Mr. G. Francis Symee, one by Messrs. Sutton and Co., and two bands from the sub- scriptions forwarded. This leaves two bands stilll to he supplied at an approximate cost of £200.) ST. JOHN AMBULANCE APPIAL, £| 13/15/ (Ihc St. John Ambulance has undertaken, with tlie approval of the Defence department, the work of (mining in 0rst*.iid und nursing, und establishing utnhulancc and nui sing brigmioti and dhisionf.) Y.M.C.A. FIELD SERVICE APPEAL. Y.M.C.A. Fund. £245 4 0 "Tho Argus" List. £78 9 6 (The Young Men's Christian AMO* elation is ¡muons to safeguard tho "oil-duly" hours of the men of the expeditionary force with licencies ami :uti\ities that make fur healthy, recreation, and for moral and .spiritual uplift. The uiv-oclntloifs, offer to equip (he camp of nur forces going lo i hu fiont with Un popular, and well-tried facilities has been ncccplpi. by the mflitnry author.- ; j ties, nut] n central (tile lins boen al- ' lotted ut til. I Jr nu d meadows mili- tary encampment.) The following are -the details:-. . LORD MAYOR'S APPEAL. Sol. tin Mr. mid .Mr«, John MoIT.llt. 200 0 0 Major's Fund, Fitzroy (Brit instal- ment). lH 2 0 Residents l'lilllln Island. lilli 0 Federal Institute« of Accountants .. lol- O 0 li. C. Pell. JOO 0 0 ,1.0.11.i .« .« too 0 0 Proceed«! Side of Sheep Sent by farmers at Kilmore, per Pearson, Howe, Smith, and Co.;. .. Stair of »nlgctv and Co. Ltd. (first monthlv linlulmcnt).'.. ,, rorntrec« Gully Shire Council .'.?.. .. Commisioners and Ofllccra (lint fort- nightly instalment). Melbourne Ktptï of New Zealand Txmn .and Mercantile Agency Co, Ltd. (Ilrat instalment). 25 0 0 F. Ii. Cox and Co. 23 0 0 Glcrko Masonic Lodge«. li 0 0 I'lmrniiu-cutluil Sociely .. .. .. .. 25 0 0 Cily Gilli. 25 0 0 V.V.I Campbell Ouest. 25 0 0 South Vari.I Masonic Loiter .... 21 0 0 Patriotic Gathering, Dunolly, loila. Hit 0 Employees of British Iin|ierla] Oil Co. (Ilrat weekly instalment). 10 12 3 M. Marks. 10 10 0 Dr. J. i:. Andrew. in 10 0 Fnlk, Stadcliuann,. and Co. Ltd. .. 10 10.0 Thomas I*. Ilcrhain. 10 10 0 Federal Masonic Lodge, per II. Wood 1U 10 0 Mellwurne Builders' Lime and Cement Co., per Minter Builders' Associa tion, Melbourne. Francis ,1. Wright. Kmployecs Felton, Grimwade, and Co. (tlr-l insUilincnt). Employees'of J. mid U. Schneiders Ltd. (wnrehouse). 10 0 0 Employees of llcarnc's. 10 0 0 Clunie««! Lawson. 10 0 0 Crib Point Residents (second instal- ment) . 6 I" 0 Jumes Flood and Co. Prop. LUI. .. 0 0 0 Thomas Foley. 0 0 0 Andrew Allen. 0 0 0 Hamilton ltced, Goongerah. 0 0 0 J. MeLircn. «1 0 0 L. S. Coles. 0 0 ,0 It. L. Campbell anil Co. Prop. Ltd. (first inslalnient). Emplojccs Grand Hotel (first instal- ment) . M.It.'. Richards and Co., Richmond, and Employees. VV. VV. Gudgeon. John ii. Ellis. Captain, Officers, and Crew of the S.S. Wyrallah.!.. .. C. A. Evans.:. St. Klhl.i Tradesmen's Club. A. 51. Welch and Co.-.. .. .lohn Baulch, Port Fairy. P. I_ Morton (first Instalment) .. D. Dca.il}-. KinpIoi.es of the Paris-London Prop. Ltd. Mr. and Mr«. C. Parker. George T. Colliver. Mcpuiiga-AUansford Branch A-N.A. .. I. Poulton. Ml«-! r. Hunter. A.G.O., Ascolvale. 100 T. A. Hooper. 10 0 "Svmpathii-er" . 100 Albert I'jrli .Methodist Young People's Chrisli.il] Endeavour. Loungera' Club, Kangaroo Ground (ílrst instalment). ltai-ed hy Children at Wildwood, Healesville. .1. C. Harrop, per Serrctiry South Vurra Lodge. 0 10 0 II. V. Milln. 0 IO 0 Emploiera of Job and Co. 0 0 0 CG. (first instalment). 0 3 0 Tolil.£80,1153 13 10 "THE ARGUS" LIST. Wo have received t'ho following additional contributions: I'reviouslv acknowledged.£3,t00 1 .1. S. .Vilains. 10 "Wni. .1. .lordji. ô Ou«, eui-, . ;i ;; o \\. At. Nesbitt. 2 Sam. Jones. 2 John lleid (LochI.. .. .. 2 Mrs. Dickinson, I0/(,; A. J. Whilcli.-II. 10'; 1I..VI.II., 10;; 1). Cotton, 5,'; E.M.F., 5/ . 2 0 0 'ranees A. Splatt.... 11 (1 ¡race Ken combe. 10 0 Total.£3,405 11 S LADY MAYORESS'S FUND. 100 0 0 (per Mi-.-, Drenen). 22 IG 0 Résiliants of Yarli; anil district ipor Mrs.T. Girtlan). Ill 0 0 W. W. Glutton. 5 0 0 II. F. Robinson. 0 0 0 Colleclcd by Ladies of Balmoral and district. 10 0 Colleclcd bv Crib Point and Stony Point Indies. .1 10 fl C1. I!. Ilulc. 2 - 0 Enid Coe ..... .,..-. ..-..«...-...-.. 1 2 0 "Glenelg".,. 0 0 0 0 4 IJ 0 2" TROOPSHIP BAND FUND, Aniolliit previous!!- acknowledge- .. £'J0 J:.H. r, G.G. and McC.. (I Arrangements aro being made for the giving of concerta in tile various suburbs on ¡Sunduy by the members of tim Mel- bourne anil Metropolitan JJands' Associa- tion, li is hoped that the contributions made at these conceits will be sudicient to enable the i cumming two seta of in- struments lo be iiiiinodiatejy provided. Oiling to the shortness of timo at disposal, it is impossible to coininuiiiente with nil the hands; bul those bands which require volunteers to ititi in making collections will oblige by coniniimiciiting ni once with.Dr. J. W. Bnrrett, 105 Collins street. "THE ARGUS" LIST. We have received the following additional contributions: Prci iously acknowledged. £7 16 0 From the Teachers and Pupils of Bcfron'a School, Malvern. % 10 Total. '£10' a 0 BRITISH RED CROSS SOCIETY. AUSTRALIAN BRANCH. Mr. Edward Miller, 352- Flinders lane, honorary treasurer of , the Australian branch, acknowledges the following further contributions: Ainmint previously acknowledged. ..£13,600 1 Lulim of Scotch Church, per licv. Dr. Marshall ,. .. ,. Ill 10 Pulirán branch of British .Red Cross , (including £20/5/ Ironi olllcor* and eipploj ees of council). II» 0 Woodward and Co. ' 25 0 Patriotic Concert, Leongatha. 12 0 Red Cross Society, Wentworth branch 40 0 Mrs, J, V. McEacharn, proceeds con rert. Camberwell. 30 7 11' Win. I'. Salmon. 25 0 Alelboiirni Harbour TriiBt Bed Cross Fund, commissioners and ollicers (1st fortnightly instalment) .... 13 5 Mrs. II. G. Adams, Camperdown .. 10 10 Rosedale Horticultural Society, £6; stmill contributions, £3. 8 0 Tin« Brunswick St, John's Masonic Innige No. 78 ....'. ... 66 John S. Crmldas, Tatura .. ..... .. 00' C. C. Taffs. OB Gardner ami Co. Ply. Ltd. 0 6 Frank P. Mortimer. 0 0 Argvlc Lodge« Xo.«105, Traralgon .. .. '.'130 J.CM. V.O. mid A.ll. 31\. F. Anderson ,, . C L. Lempriere. CR.L. lllr-olii District (additional) K. T. Hoglo. ?nins. Hall. Murlc «liricklow. Air«. E. A. lockyer. Miss «I. Hull. Lillie Woman. A Friend. ., ., .. Total. .Cll.O-0 13 '0 A further sum ot £2,000 (making £13,000 to date) has been remitted to Jjondhn through the Comyion ivealth Bank, that Institution paying all costa mid charges. > VICTORIAN BRANCH. The following contributions have been received'by (hu honorary treasurer (John Orice), Old Treasury lluildings: Amount 'il'evioiisly acknowledged -. ..£&*ii 0 7 Mm. F. W. Fairbairn.-.,.,... 25 0 0 ltoynl Society of St. George (Melbourne branch) ,. ,. , 20 0 0 Moe Patriotic League, per .Miss Baker, ' ' bon. secretary .,.,'...,,,-..'.... 0 0 0 Miss Jess 1'ulrh.ilrt. *fl 0 n Miss Jean Fairbairn. 0 0 0 Miss Laura Armitage. oon Ailsa nerllin Spioille (Hinders) .. Mrs. F. W. K.ilrhairn, bridge parly (addi- tional) .'.. Miss E. Douglas. 00 . "THE ARGUS«' LIST. - We have received the following addi- tional contributions:- ' '. . Previously acknowledged ,.,'.. .'. . .-l.lMli! S II. 20 O 0 "Tell it not in Galil". 10 IO Myra Stevenson. 2 0 T. J. Parteous, Capo (Itivny.11 A.l.lt. .. .,. .."....« 10 Total-,.',.-1,218 -t' S BELGIAN RELIEF FUND. Amount previously ackiioivledged .... XTDO 1 8 .William V. Salmon. 2.1 (I 0 Walter Mnnlfold. 23 0 0 Sympathiser, 1"/: Maelutnc '«ntl Mon». . Hugeiie llouclintit!, £ft/.V; Mm. l'isle, 10/0, per Urlfrinn consul. fl ii 0 Mm YVultar Manifold. 0 ft II (lardner and Co. I'py. Ltd. S 8 U T. 1«, Ashworth.r» ft 0 Neill.* Veitch. .1 0 li Sirs, llnrvio C. Hamilton.*.. ;. ft 0 0 II. Sumner Martin. II .1 0 Madame .CURt-ne. per C. O. Luivis .. 2 10 0 Sonic* Ii'Aicnir Friends. s 7 0 nr. A. Corr)-. 2 2 li Holicrt Parr, per a O. Lew-is. rj 5 1 William Harr. 110 Misses Craitr A. M. IVclcli and Co. 11 0 "Orntcful". 11 H C. A. I'.va ns. 110 Arromlnl Club '. 0 7 0 tem 2 « "THE ARGUS" LIST. We have received the following addition ii contrihutions: Previous v ncknoivlcdgo«!.£2,6(17 1 4 II. 20 0 0 Andrew* Jack, Dyson, mid Co. l*py. I.lil.i. 10 10 0 Mr. mid Mrs. J. A. Mcwilliam. 10 0 0 l'.SLO. 10 li 0 Three Sisters Iß/; U.A.T., 10/0; Mu. li. A. Lockyer. 10/0;'M. Trcloggcn, 10/(1: M. F. 'IVelorern, 10/0; "St. Anthony," 10/; D.D.a., 10/; K.C., lu/: A I'ricntl. 10/; Bthel, Vera, and . Ledit*, 10/; Peter, 10/; W.P., 61; Ji.lL, 61; O.K.H., fl/; Amy la. Bar rowdenigll. 6/; N.Z.. li/; 11.15.0., 5/; A.B.I"., 5/; The Trio, 5/; Janet, 2/0. 7 10 0 II. YV. Ilalolgli. ii ft 0 .1. F. llarhlllFOI). .1 f, 0 II. li. l'lttman . ft ft i) h. nitz and Sons .Ppy. Ltd .... ft 0 0 An Admirer. ft 0 0 YV. Campbell Cuerst. ft 0 0 J. S. Adams. ft O 0 Illanclie lï'Kbro . ft «I 0 VV. A. «lair. li I! 0 n. A. I'niiil. :i .1 o Chas. Giles. 2 2 () Mrs. .Tolm S. Crudtlas. 220 I!. Maliern Moth. Sunday school (per A. VV. Frcne-li). 2 0 0 Clirl«t Church Ticnrago, Hawthorn . 2 0 0 Collected by'Miss Ethel Circniiglf, Al- bert Park. 1 ft 0 I. nnd K. Gordon. 110 .Ins. A. Çnfllii. Ill) YV. Morrison and Co. (Hawthorn) .. 110 A. King. 110 A. M. Nesbitt. j ] » (leorgc Keast (Somerville) . 1 I) 0 W. C. Murray (Tyabb). too Lucy I'lnylo. 110 A.I.R. 10 0 T. VVIiclitn (per Belgian consul-general) i 0 0 D. M. Topp. 10 0 S.A.51. (Lconimllta). I ii II Grace Kcw-cofnbe .. «. 10 0 The nmnunt acknowledged on Wcdncuhi* front A. J. Mitchell should have been (rom A. J. YVhi tchou. TO THK EDITOn. OF Till* AHCliS. Sir,-Will you allow mo to add another inquiry regarding Mrs. Kihi Allan's appeal for the distressed women and children of Belgium? There ave many xvho long lo respond, but whose limited incomes make it impossible to' buy fresh material or ready made garments. They, however, 1HIY*C the warm clothing Yvhich has been in UHC dill- ing our winter. Tin's they, would be de- lighted to send if it weil! considered ac- ceptable. I wish to ask if Mrs. Allan xvoulil taku such offerings-. Of eourbc, all in tides sent would be in perfect repair, ami ollier ivibO presentable. Tt seems a pily to debar anyone from sbowing even in this humble Yvay their respectful sympathy and admira- tion foi* this noble and suffering nation. Anti might I suggest to all xvlio are sending pal- eéis that to each article for adults they should affix a card with a few words (iii French) of xyonianiy syntpaUiy, anti ¡n the pocket of each child s garment a little packet of sweets?-I am, &c;, Malvern. Sept. *.'. "M.S.lt. TO TUI: v'niTori or THE ,incrs. Sir,--] would ask that some lady living in Melbourne should take charge of parcels of warm clothing to be .sent to our suffer- ing sisters in, Belgium. In answer to an appeal made in Leon- gatha. T am getting a generous i espouse. "St. Kilda Woman" might give lier help in Ulis way.-I nu*7 &c.;, ?MARY EVAN'S. Leongatha, Sept. '2. FRENCH RELIEF FUND. "THE ARGUS" LIST. We have received the' following addi- tional contributions: Picsiousli- nrknow'lctlgeil.JM'111 0 .1. J!. N'i'.sl)llt. 11 » Mrs. s. iv Nesbitt. 1 1 0 Arrqw-llllut, Club ... 0 7 0 'Tour.': '.. .. :?.£.12 ii o Y.M.C.A. FIELD SERVICE. TO TIII; uniTou ol'* THE ARGUS. Sir,--Kindly acknowledge the receipt,of the following donations in connection with the Y.iM.C.A. field service appeal, w-hii-h you xverc good enough to .publish in your columns.-Yours, «te, , AY*. 1'. PJ5TT1UROVK, Assisi. Cioneral ¡Secretary. I'reilously acknowledged.£109 10 0 George McKliy. 10 0 (I .'L'Jstcrw'oinan". ft ft 0 V. VV. Hill. ft II 0 "Well«Wier" .'.. ft 0 0 YVm. Uodgbblin and Sons. 0 II 0 K.T..I. (I- *i 0 A. S. Arnold. 1 0 0 Barrow Uros. 2 2 0 lv.Il.ll. 10 0 .Y!. LI. Cock. 2 2 » Mr". emil'Mlm Webster.l. 10 0 Mr-. .1. r. Agnew. 2 " » llllza Tinsley. 2 2 0 J. M. Gillespie. 2 2 0 11\. Chilli-. II 0 YV. J. Turner. 110 Adam (I. Kemp. 11 0 1Î.II. 0 ft 0 A.M.S.. 0 ft 0 Total.£2« 4 0 "THE ARGUS" LIST. We -have' received the following addi- tional contributions: Previously acknowledged.£71 0 (I C. L. Andrews .. ... .ISO N.n: .-. II 10 ft "A Friend". 0 10 0 Total.£78 0 0 ROYAL SOCIETY OF ST. GEORGE. ? The secretary desires to acknowledge fur- ther donations lo Hie St. George Special War Relief Fund, amounting lo ?2S'-I'. from Herbert Vivian, Chris. A. Cowper, li. Hodgson, A. J. -Masters, W. J. Tlurton. II. 17. Wigg. D'*, and Mi«. 33\. «R. Saxvi-ey, and V. T. Dei-ham. The total received to date on account of lilli fund now- amounis to i;202/13/. SYDNEY FUNDS. SYDNEY, Thursday.-The Lord Mayor's Patriotic Fund now stands at CO!) 442. A combined theatrical matinee to-day in aid of the Patriotic Fund yielded £2,100 net. In connection with the tintinee a silk frig, presented bv Mr. Hugh Ward, was sold lu auction litis afternoon. It went to Mr John Hunter for IC2J0. 