OUR RURAL LETTER. (By "Rusticus.") The aorsion of the Minister of Lands and the .Minister of Agriculture in tlae direction of taking steps to cheek .the inroads of the pest known as St. Joan's Wort in the Beecliwortii and .bright districts is timely and necessary. Very large areas of valuable country are being devastated. In order to tope witn the pest and lioi'd it in ciieck, the Ministers have decided to ask tho co-cperaiilon of the municipali ties concerned in first of all ascertain ing tiie actual area infected, -whether it js privately held, or is on pub lic ruaus or Grown iands. Immedi ately the information from the muni cipalities is received officers will be sent up to complete the investiga tion as to the infected area. At uie same time, officers or the Agricultu ral department will be told oif to in vest.gate and report on the proper re jiieUn-s to be adopted. On receipt ol' all the iiifurmat.on the two Ministers fill submit recommendations to the Cabinet. _ . Xh5 nope of the immigration autho rities now appears to he in getting British lads as farm workers. . Most, of the 2SS lads who arrived by- the steamer Port Maoquarie were engaged promptly for work on farms in various parts of the Svate. Many of the lads Hud deposited small sums with the Loudon authorities before commencing the voyage. The money was remitteu to the State Treasury, and an officer paid over the amounts due to those having a little capital behind them. Facilities were provided to enable the young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of tlio opportunity of commencing a fund which one day they hoped would bo sufficient ito purchase a block of laud from the State. With few ex ceptions the boys are all of good phy sique. They come from.all parts os Great Britain. Another batch of 240 Lids for farm work is due to ar rive by tho steamer Irishman on 111 May.* In order that the next con tingent of lads might bo cleared with as little delay as possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious that farmers requiring labor should for ward early advice. Tiie sub-committee of the State Cabinet on whoso advice it was decided to abandon the Maffra Sugar Beet Factory, do not appear to have got properly acquainted with the real feeling in the district towards the in dustry. This was proved by the par ticulars given by ftlie deputation which waited on tha Minister of Agriculture. The members proved that the decision to close down the factory had been .aken .prematurely. The Argentine correspondent of the "Pastoral Review." writing on Decem ber 20th, snys (that- ";ill the meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia, are in full swing, and the competition foi ' our cattle and sheep is just what 0111 Rtock-owncrs are thoroughly enjoying Such splendid prices as they are get-. ting were not dreamed of .twenty years agp-. Reports of new meat works in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and Patagonia are rife. The future ot tho wonderful cattle country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should ,be excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lands are being scoured by North American and British capitalists, and stud r-nttle are being introduced. There is life and excitement in these countries at last. Railways and capi tal will do the rest." Stock prices for freezing are quoted as follows: Lincoln cross wethers, special freezars, 21/-to 26/3,'good 10/3 to 21/; ewes, good to special 21/10 to 27/1; merino wethers, -special 19/10 to '21/, good 17/6 t© 19/3; merino ewes, good and special 21/_to 22/6; steers, £11/14/ to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and ho lers, ib/il/ to £11/5/ . In tho many districts the plough car be suu-i at work on the stubble pad- j docks. With the h'gh prices viiai I auvo l uled for stack m the past, it i:-1 uniy natural u.at sheep-owner.; -v il.M tu.u ihi.r attention to providing sheep ucd iu tho winter una early .-=pruijj iii.jiiilii. There can be little uoubi lilac tno "Garion" or ''Abundance" oat is tiie most particular one for all round purposes of this kind. It can bo sown with satisfactory results in ul.::i autumn and spring, and it pro vides grain of the best quality with straw of irioro tlian averago ijiia'.n.y When used for sheep feed in die early stages of growth, the Garton oat is found to be particularly palatable lo slieep. In one test this cat v. as eaten lirst out of 1G varieties triad. It is found, however, that after fucl mg down the oat does not come awa\ again as do sorue of the other vnri≠: of oat, and it is there I ore not .argely u.sid ror autumn sown sheep feed. In some districts in New Zealand, the Algerian eat is used fairly extensively. Algerians are found to be very >:viis faetory for providing winter feed, and then, after spring feeding, if alJoiv:d to grow for seed they give good re turns. They appear to . excel most oats on light soil, and although * the grain is coarse and unsuitable for mil iing, yet when the sheaves are cut very g-_'i chaff is obtained. The straw of Alger -i: s is bright and clean, and is particularly free from rust. The Dun oat is another very popular va riety, and when sown early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feod throughout tho win ter and spring. ' Further, if it is/ 'n W'nde'.l to be cut for grain it can bo fed later in the spring than any other variety. Sometimes sheep are left on the crop till the end of October, and then as muoh as 50 and 60 bus.iels per aero threshed at harvest. Tho Dun oat tillers strongly, and although i o the eye there does not appear to be much bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty to keep them going for some time. Duns appear to do Jjebier when kept well fed down, as in most seasons they grow long weak straw which soon lod ges in wet weather. Many farmers still stick by the Danish oait for all round purposes. These oats certainly provide good green feed, and stand feeding well, besides providing satisfac tory grain and chaff. * In a recent address, Prof. T. L. Haccker, of the Minnesotta College of Agriculture, showed how the milk pro duction per cow had b:en increased in Minnesota in tho past twenty years from 2S00 lb. per oow per year to '10D0 lb., the butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb., or an increase of neai ly 3 lb. of butter per cow per yeatf after twenty years. He also1 gave facts and figures deducted from a cow cen slis, showing that the average produc tion of butter-fat per cow depended not so muoh on breed as on the care and feed given the cow. The milk production, in other words, was in tho same ratio with th.3 amount of intel i ge:ice expended on the herd. Experi ments demonstrated that from a. com mon cow the care determ ned whethei she produced 100 lb. of 300 lb of but ter in a year.. A new wheat is reported from the Jamestown district, South Australia. Of five acres sown, two acres were cut for hay. and returned six tons, find tho remainder, stripped for grain, yielded 39 bags, which represented an average of about -10 bushels to the acre. Tho wheat originally Was introduced from tho .Orange River Colony, South Af rica,. and is reputed to mature very early, as. well as having drought-resist ing qualities. 