DOMINIONS. " -; COMMISSION'S REPORT. MPWORTANT RECOMMIENDATIONS. HARBOUR IIMPROVEBMENTS. FUTURE CARRIAGE OF MAILS. LONDON, Jan. 28. A report has beeoon issued by the Dominion Commissioners on the result Sof their investigations. Thecy say they were deeply impressed tlhroughlout Aus tralisia by the desire of all classes to .deal with the British Empire rather than foreign nations- not only by tariff pro. ference, but by a clear and distinctg re ferenee based on sentiament and patriot ism. In discussing inmmnigration, the report states that labour-saving machinery is muchl more used in agriculture in .hus tralis and New Zealand than in Europe. Comparisous show that the, proportion of population in English agricultural and pastoral pursuits is nsmaller than that in the United States and many European countries. The town population is ex cessive, since the mother country is nalready dependent upon the overseas for a considerable proportion of food and raw material. The eommissioners are impressed by the desirability of as large a portion as possible of the Dominions being occupied by a population which will assist in the development of the primary resources. Time best aga of im. anigrants is between 1li and 24 years. .The town-bred youth often finds his feet snore, quickly in his now environment than the rustic, and the Australian and New Zealand requirements can be largely fullilled by well-disposedl youths whom the environment of tihe United Kingdom forced into the blind alley of emuploy auents and youths from industrial schlools. Tihe commissiouners did not find evidence that osily those who followed agriculture in the old country can be. come successful agriculturists in New Zealand. There is a strong undercurrent of opposition in Australia and New Zea land to immigration, principally among the urban wage earners and artisans, who regard immigration as likely to in crease competition in the skilled labour market. The consumers believe that this hostility arises mainly from the pre sent defects in tie immigration system. Discussing female immigration, the report states that the surplus in Great Britain is mainly in residential towns, and principally elderly ladies and women servants who are not possible migrants. Servants can ill be spared, as the ralses of female domestics has been depleted by the demands of commerce and industry in the United Kingdom as compared with .20 years ago. The commissioners intend to deal with this matter in greater detail in the inal report. Dealing with the difficulty of family migration, the commissioners state that parents are often too old to settle com fortably. A man may be tempted to establish himself as a farm-owner or tenant, but ready-mane farms are non existent to any large extent. Farming on the share system, as extending in 'Australia. is a highly commendable or ganisation, but family migration will entail a considerable public expense be lore an ideal system can be reached. The report recommend,, a fuller use of the methods adopted at Pitt Town, New SSouth Wales, Where an admirable insti tution exists. It is undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested passage agents, as there exists a widespread feel ing, which the commission considers justifiable, that misrepresentation is not unacommon, though there are few cases of actual fraud. Continuing, the commissioners say that the possibility of making greater use of the British Labour exchanges deserves close attention, particularly in connection with juvenile emigration. The Commission recommends greater co operation between the home and Ausi tralasian Governments regarding the migration of discharged Indian soldiers, Smany of whom are willing to go to Aus tralia and New Zealand, being already accustomed to a climate more trying than Northern Australia. The saving by direct migration would allow a con siderable financial nasistance to such emigrants. The Commission is favour. ably impressed by the + erman settle ments in Queensland and South Austra. *lie, and Danish, Swedish, and Norwe gian farmers in Victoria. Such migration will be a wholesome addition to New Zealand and South Australia. 