\- AS OTHERS SEE US] The report of the Dominions Royal Commission concerning- the Common- wealth and Nov.- Z'-aland was -issued on Monday. In this the Commission dealing with the subject of immigration states: "The most urgent problem in Aus- tralasia concerns the better distribu- tion of population and improved over- sea communications. At present the Dominions are spending a great deal with doubtful success in attempts to secure agricultural workers, and it is therefore natural to suggest^iat some portion of the expenditure could be more profitably devoted to bearing. the cost of establishing dnd maintain- ing some system of Government farms for tho testing and training of men in the United Kingdom. This scheme would oe easier if immigration were under a central control in Australia, but even under the existing regime it affords hope for success. Australasia mainly requires youths with adapta- bility, and this requirement could be met equally from the towns as from thc country if suitable training wert provided. Although Australasia needs more domestics the Commission is un able -to endorse the view that a suit- able surplus exists In the United King- dom. Family migration is open to seri- ous objections under the present ar- rangements, which are susceptible of improvement, and the system under which emigrants are recruited are an- tiquated and defective. Arrange- ments in Australasia for the reception of women also need attention and de- velopment. More immigrants arc need- ed to fill tropical and subtropical Aus- tralia, and for this purpose Malta seems to be a suitable recruiting ground. It would be advantageous to divert to Australasia some part of the present Irish migration. Emigrant ships should provide more adequate privacy and segregation for single wo- men, and an increase in the hospital accommodation. _ "Labor-saving machiner^^Bs much more used in agriculture "irf" Australia and New Zealand than in Europe, and comparisons show that the proportion bf. population engaged in agricultural and pastoral «pursuits is smaller than in the United States and in many European countries, while the , town 'population ^is^pxecssive. Since the mother country ts already depeudent upon thc "'byjefBeas dominions for a considerable proportion of Jier fooçË and raw material, the CojjmiJsion ids impressed Sith the.'' desirableness oflj having as large a portion as possibl® of the dotiriâiojas occupied by as popu- lation which'-"Brill assist in the .deve - lopment of the primary resources. Th«, best' age for emigrants is from 16 years to 24 years. The town-bred youth often-finds his feet more quickly in the new environment than the rus-, tic does. The requirements of Aus- tralia and New Zealand will to a large extent be fulfilled, by well-disposed youths whom environment in the Uni- ted Kingdom has forced into, the blind alley of employments, and also youths from- ten industrial schools. Farming on the share aystem is extending in 'Australia, and it is highly commendable. The organisa- tion of family emigration will entail considerable public expense before an ideal system is reached." The report recommends a fuller use of tile methods adopted in Pitt Town (New South Wales), where there is an admirable institution, and it "goes on to remark: "It is undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the dominions to-interested passage agents, as there exists a widespread feeling, which the Commission consi- ders, justifiable, that misrepresentation is not uncommon,''although there have been few'cases of actual fraud. The <ioocibHi*y-of -making-greater -use -of ?the British Labor Exchange deserves close attention, particularly in con- nection with juvenile emigration." The Commission recommends grea- ter co-operation between the "home and the Australasian Governments regard- ing the emigratibn of discharged In- dian soldiers, many of whom are will- ing to go to Australia or New Zealand, but find a difficulty in doing so, al- though they are already accustomed to a climate more trying than that ' of Northern Australia. The Commission would allow considerable financial as- sistance to such emigrants. The Com- mission was favorably impressed with the German'settlements in Queensland and South Australia, and the Danish,' Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria, and it declares that such emi- gration would be a wholesome addi- tion to the population, of New Zealand and Southern Australia, mother country, a share in 