GLEANINGS. The estate of the lato Sir Henry Nor- inand MacLaurin, M.L.C., who died on August. 24 last, has boon valued at £68,889/10/3. Useful rains have fallen over the eastern half of the State. Some of the wheat areas have benefited. A bacon pig given to the Paterson Pa- triotic "Fund by Mr S. Loggett, af Pat- erson, was sold at Maitland yards, on Monday. It was sold and re-sold until the total price reached £31/1/- . Darlinghurst Gaol has been handed over to the Department of Public In- struction. The departmental architect is preparing drawings for a girls' and a boys' High School, to be erected on the site. At Sydney Water Police Court on Monday a young woman named Kate Lee was charged with having committed perjury at the trial of Samuel Freeman, one of the Eveleigh convicts. The ac- cused was remanded. Tho Oricut steamor Otway, which ar- rived in Sydney on Monday, brought about 1000 immigrants to Australia. Of these, 300 go on to Brisbane, and 280 have been landed in Sydney. They are chiefly mechanics, and people with agri- cultural experience There is a good deal of unemployment at Broken Hill, in consoquenco of the closing down of some of the mines. The Government is pushing on with local public works in order to provide work for the men who have been discharged from the mines, and a good deal of dis- tress that would otherwise result is be- ing averted. While on her way to the Melbourne Divorce Court on Monday, Mrs Annie Elizabeth Gavey, of St. Kilda, encoun- tered her husband, Joseph Gavey, a bookmaker's clerk, who was taking pro- ceedings against her. She whipped out a revolver from a bag and fired point- blank at her husband. The bul- let went over his head and was embed- ded in the wall of Prell's Buildings. After an exciting chase the woman was captured at her solicitor's office in Sel- bourne Chambers, where she was arrest- ed on a charge of attempted murder. Major-General Sir Alexander Godley, who will command the New Zealand Overseas Expeditionary Force on the Continent, has dropped a bombshell amongst his troops, by issuing a ukase to the effect that cigarettes are not to bo allowed on the troopships proceed- ing home. The roason stated is that cigarette smoking is not only injurious to health; but that on a crowded troop- ship it producos a grave element of dan- ger from fire. It is understood, how- ovor that othor forms of tobacco smok- ing will7"bo allowed' on the troopships. ?L. L. Langagor, tho Danish world walker, arrived at. Mittagong On Monv day, after edvorin'g 900 a miles. -. Ho has gainedH3 lbs in woight. ? 'Langagor started during tho day for Picton, on his way to Sydney, and will;'?;"-'proceed thonco to Brisbane ' To complete his tour ho has to go to India ahdiA-merica',.. and back to Europe. Ho is fivo.weoks ahead of timo. Tho conditions stipu- late that he must marry, and bring his wifo back* to penmark. ? While in Ant werp ho.- received .123 letters offering marriage, but none-.-of -the offers .were7.l, suitable.; 7 . '?'?' .": -'y/i l '/.- '?'.-. I greot approaching winter how in coital,; ?security, ?/''?. ? ?...77..-V'-';? ??'-??;?- Tho wildest-night,' tho wbttest day, ... ?' brings no anxioty; , ' ',7..."; '-'?'.?. ; I droad not: influenza's grip, nor fear I cold or cough, ~7 /?..-.? -'7 . : 7- ?'? Of course I get a : passing pip, but promptly biff it "off. ; 77-. ?':'*".'?'-. -.?-?'-?. I follow all the winter, sports,yand dare 'the surf each day,7 ::'."?.. ?'Mid damp and- coldi my "health I -hold, ..strong, confident, and gay; If you, would bo as cute ns mc, as- hardy, safe and sure, ' Each winter buy a wise supply of Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. A story is told at Wagga of a Polo who has been farming in Australia; for about 40 years, but who this season did not put in any wheat crop. He gave as his reason that, in view of the singu- lar atmospheric conditions which pro- vailed throughout, the summer, it would be waste of time and money to sow a crop, as there .would bo, no- yield worth harvesting. At tho timo neigh- bouring farmers laughed, at the Polo s 'pessimistic prophecy, but at prseont, -with the prospect of a failuro with the wheat crops, they aro inclined to regard! .' him with-some sort of respectful awe as a seSr of phenomenal powers. ..-- George Long, a flower-seller, was com mitted for trial on a - charge -of man slaughter at the Coroner's Court. Syd ney on Monday, when an* inquest was held concerning the death of William James Brewster, a dealer,,who died m Sydney Hospital on September 0 frpm injuries ? inflicted upon him. in Martin place, on the previous day. 7 Accused will appear at the Quarter Sessions now ( sitting. At the conclusion of the evi dence tho Coroner asked Long whether ? ho wished to ? give aiiy evidence on his own!behalf, but Long replied that lie remembered nothing~'of the affair, and therefore was not disposed to make any statement. Bail was allowed. A motor car for hire, driven by Wal- ter Pickering, while conveying a party of four men from Burnett Heads to Bundaberg (Q.) on Monday morning, overturned, pinning its occupants be neath the car. The three in the back seat scrambled out just as the petrol ignited, following which the car soon became enveloped in flames. A young man named Herbert Toon, who was in the front seat with the driver, was ex- tricatcd with difficulty, and was found to be badly burnt about the legs and., body. The charred body of the driver was recovered after the fire had burnt itself out. His head was injured when the car overturned, and evidenly death was instantaneous. Pickering left a widow and three young children. Toon is in a serious condition. Nearly a dozen burglaries have been reported to the Broken Hill police dur- ing the last fortnight from both busi- ness places and private houses. The most important took place on Saturday afternoon. The residence of J. Cunning- ham, an official of South Mine, was entered, and jewellery to the value of nearly £70 stolen. Other robberies oc- curred on Saturday night and Sunday. On Sunday night the police arrested three youths between 15 and 16 years of age. When arrested one of the lads was in possession of a fully-loaded re- volver and a number of cartridges. Much of the stolen property was found. The youths were brought before the Court on Monday, and remanded for a week, bail in each case being fixed at £100. 