LONDON TABLE TALK. (From our own Correspondent.) London, July 17 1914. While the lawn tennis championships were I being played at Wimbledon it was natural enough that the tennis world -should be j discussing the essential things for playing the game well. What are the essentials varies from time to time. Not so long, ago it was the grip of the racquet which was under discussion, and many a young player was led into the path of experi- ment by the advocates of different holds, to the ruin of his peace of mind and the destruction of what excellence he had. The truth would seem to be that crops vary with almost every one of the first class players, and no one grip can be used for all the strokes where the ball has at one moment to be hit at a few inches from the ground and at another at the fullest stretch of the arm above the head. There is no fixed rule as at golf. With the recognition of that fact by the bulk of players the controversy about grips has receded to the background, and the new I theme of the theorists is the importance of what is spoken of as "footwork." Now the young student is told that half the , game is in correct footwork, in the management of the legs so that the player is always in the correct position, with "the right balance, for hitting the ball as it comes to him. The Footpath Gate. Exactly why is it that so much ingenuity is expended on the invention and manufacture of gate catches? With such utilitarian contrivances one would not expect manufacturers to be fanciful and the ordinary town gate, small and large, certainly does not vary a great deal. But in the country the gate-catch, so to speak, runs to mediaeval wildness. A shortish week-end walk away from the motor cars produced no less than seven varieties of the species, and every such stroll seems to bring forth a difficult catch at each wayside gate. Is it all part of the . conspiracy to frighten the Cockney from the footpaths- a conspiracy which is seen active in the warning" boards private road, no thoroughfare, and other in- exactitude that adorn rights-of-way; to say nothing of wilful misdirection. Between the dusty din of the turnpike" and the cburUshntvr of the landholder the pedestrian is indeed in a dilemma nowa- days. The Republic of San Marino. . San Marino, which has provided sanctuary for the Anarchist Malatesta, is the oldest and one of the smallest of the world's Republics. Situate between the Italian provinces of Urbino and Forli, it has retained its independence since the days of the Emperor Diocletian, when Marinus, a- Dalmatian stonemason, exiled himself there and founded the Re- public. The baby State, which has an area of about twenty square miles, and a population of 10,000, is governed by a Great Council of six ty, and coasts an army of less than 100 of all ranks. There are no taxes in San Marino, the Chancellor of the Exchequer being in the happy position of receiving from the State ground rents and salt monopoly sufficient money to meet all his obligations. The impartial administration of its laws is ensured by the appointment of a foreigner as the one side, and the ten members of the constabulary are likewise always foreigners. At present the Great Council holds office for life, and elects its own members to vacancies, but a movement is on foot to end this oligarchy and give to San Marino a Parliament on democratic lines. Against Boxing. The "Universe" makes a strong protest against the new prize-lighting craze which is rampant at the present time. "The pugilist." it says, "like the gladiator in the days of Roman degeneracy, is exalted to the rank of a hero 3 The papers devote columns to his doings. ' They interview him, photograph him, hoarse him. He is measured from top to. toe, and weighed up like a prize animal at a show. All this has nothing to do with sport. It is merely part of the modern madness which afflicts us; a symptom of the wild desire for sensation, of the malady of hysteria which has sciTd union men and women alike." The "Universe" thinks it is in no sense an evidence of the virility of the. nation's, manhood, and still less of the womanliness of the nations womanhood,. About- Hans Andersen. The Marchosa'Peruzzi de Medici, daughter of Julian Story, tells in the July Corn- hill of the circle that met in her father's studio at Rome, and gives some amusing anecdotes of Hans Andersen and Brown- ing. Andersen must have been a strange personality; he is described as a "tall, gaunt, unshapely, ugly person." who came shambling into the room. His garments were beyond description and. not fitting him in the least, hanging loosely on his body as ranks clothes-pegs." He said that he was double-jointed, adds the "Marchese and. In fact, his legs bent in all directions, and his long arms swung to and fro I like the pendulum of a clock when he walked with long strides in the street, swinging them backwards and forwards. The Centenary of Poussard. The town of Vienne, in Dauphine, is about to celebrate the centenary of the birth of her great citizen. Ponsird, the I dramatist. He was one of the playwrights j who wrote for Rachel, and he suffered a good deal from the caprices of her artistic j temperament. The great trouble arose over his "Charlotte Corday." Rachel de ! minded that the piece should be with I drawn- from the Odeon, where it was in a rehearsal. and transferred to the Comedie i Française, so that she might play in it. I That was arranged, but when the play was 1 read to her. Rachel changed her mind about it. Nothing, she said, should induce her to accept that idiotic part. The part was assigned to Judith instead; but when Judith. succeeded in it instead of , failing. Rachel once more changed her mind, and required that the part which she I had thrown up with scorn should be taken away from her rival and given to her. It must have been very trying; but Ponsard underwent the charm, in spite of the way in which he had been treated, and fell in love with Rachel. His letters were the most charming of all the love- letters that she received. Sunshine and Dress. Which is the most responsive to the changes in the climate man or woman? The answer Jumps to the lips-woman! And close observation suggests that the hasty reply is wrong. Woman, it is true, has "wider" opportunities of conveying the aspect of the day than has man. She can change her whole costume to reflect the aspect of the sky, while the male is restricted to such recognition of alterations as can be given by a straw hat, a more conspicuous tie, or brown or black boots, since drill trousers are for the very few. Probably it is this fact of the simplicity of change which enables man to respond at once to the rising and falling of the barometer. Just consider the aspect of the carriages on the Underground in London any day of the week. Let the sun shine and any other than a straw hat becomes a conspicuous rarity. But the least suspicion of rain brings out the felt hat once more a world of summer aspect has become at once drab and forbidding. j 9 The Devil's Own. j Mr. Asquith has just added another to his various distinctions, for he has been appointed an honorary member of the Inns of Court Officer Training Corps. It i is only in official orders that the corpses' known by this name; it's more familiar ! title was coined between another distinguished politician and lawyer and George i III. It was Erskine who, as Lieutenant Lt-Colonel, led the Inns of Court Volunteers past King George, when his Majesty en i quired what was the occupation of the members of the corps. Erskine replied that they were all lawyers. "What? What? All lawyers? All lawyers? Call . them the Devil's Own Devil's Own." And so they have been called ever since. There are not many Prime Ministers who have held military rank even in an honorary capacity. There was Chatham, of course, who first sprang into fame by Walpole's ! saying about that terrible corner of I horse." Wellington is the outstanding case, and he gave up the command of the army with very bad grace when he became Premier. Mr. Gladstone's only experience approaching the martial was as a special constable in the Chartist scare. Pocahontas. The unveiling of a memorial to "Princess Pocahontas at Gravesend by the American Ambassador will recall memories of the colonists of America, and will naturally be of special interest to Americans now visiting England. Pocahontas was the daughter of PowJintan. the famous Indian chieftain of Virginia, who at the risk of her own life saved Captain John Smith, the Governor of Virginia, from being beaten to death by clubs, to which fate Pow'iiatan had condemned him. She subsequently came to England, and was pre . sented to the Queen by Captain Smith. . She was the first Indian to be converted ; to Christianity, and was buried at Graves I end, having expired as she was about to commence her return journey to her own land. Pensions. The Prime Minister's interesting dis- closure that he had himself examined all recent applications for Civil List pensions marks an advance from the early days of the fund, when the chief qualification was a widely signed petition, and it was more than suspected that a good many people backed the appeals in order to rid them selves of importunate beggars. "There are people who will sign anything," was Queen I Victoria's comment after scanning the s:g . natures to one petition. Palmerston was once on the point of making a grant to a ; plausible rogue who was later convicted i of forgery. j An Orators Slip. I That even the shortest of speakers are not proof against occasional slips, Mr. 1 Chamberlain once afforded , proof. This was in the House of Commons in 1889, during the time of the Parnell Commission, ! just after the exposure of Pigott. On February 28, when Pigott's flight from just tice was the subject of universal com | ment the very day before' he committed ! suicide in Madrid Mr. Chamberlain, in the course of a vigorous attack upon the Liberal Party, observed: I want the Opposition to see what a situation they are forging for themselves." Needless to say, the lapse was not suffered to pass un- noticed. Tile Oldest Colony. People in the old country have read with much interest the account of the Duke of Connaught's visit to Newfound- land. Most of us know that the island is the oldest colony of Great Britain, but it is not widely realised that Newfound- land is but 1,640 miles from its must easterly point to the coast of Ireland. The island, according to official measurements, is one-sixth larger than Ireland, and it has had a stirring enough history since its discovery in 1497, by John Cabot, who claimed the whole country for his King. Over two hundred years elapsed, however, before the first Governor, in the person of Captain Henry Osborne, was appointed by the British Government. The inhabitants were granted a constitution, with representative government, in 1832, and responsible government in 1853. The "Tall Bully." I The Monument, of which the top will be regarded, is now surmounted by a metal vase of flames to commemorate the Great ! Fire. Wren's original design was a plain column with flames bursting from holes all the way up, and a phoenix at the top, but this was abandoned for practical rea- song". The dragons on the pedestal are by Edward Pierce, and the grotesque relief baby Gabriel Cibber, father of the poetaster. The height of the Monument 202 feet is supposed to be the exact distance from the spot in Pudding lane where the Fire began. Country cousins and foreign tourists who toil up the 345 steps, which few Londoners care to climb, are rewarded with a magnificent view of London, said to be. most impressive on a summer's night. Lady Hardinge. j Undoubtedly it was the great courage shown by Lord and Lady Hardinge in the bomb outrage at Delhi that so endeared them to loyal natives. To this courage there could be no more perfect witness than the simple letter of Lady Hardinge addressed to Lord Willington on the occasion of a public indignation meeting at Bombay. In it she relates how after the first shock when the Viceroy had been wounded), he turned and said, "I am afraid that was a bomb." He then called cut to the labours, "Age!" ("Go on!"). "My impression," the letter continues, was" perfect stillness from the crowds until then," but when we restarted there were voices raised and I heard 'Braves!' I then began nothing, more details. For instance, that the howdah back had gone and that the Viceroy looked pale. I said to him, 'Are you sure you are not hurt?' He answered, "I am not sure. I have had a great shock, but I think I can go on. A few seconds afterwards I stretched backward to be able to see him from the back and through a slit of the uniform near his right shoulder I could see red flesh appearing. Then I thought, 'Shall I tell him he is wounded, which will frighten him or take the risk of the harm the jolt of the elephant may do him. " The letter then related how Lady Har ! dinge looked round and noticed the dead '"demanded;" how she quietly informed the Viceroy, how he as quietly stopped the procession, and then when he was losing consciousness gave all instructions for the full carrying out of the ceremony. It is a letter that will surely live in history. The Late Lord Ellesmere. Lord Ellesmere, who has just passed away. had a historic lineage. The ancestor to whom he owed the greater part of his immense wealth, was, of course, the founder of the canal system of England, the third and last Duke of Bridgewater, who spent enormous sums in life time in order that they might come back multiplied a i thousand-fold to his descendants a hundred years later, on the expiration of the famous Bridgewater Trust. In spite of his vast interests, his large family, and his extensive hospitality Lord Ellesmere man- aged to find time for a hobby not common among members, of the peerage namely, novel-writing. The noble earl was the author of half a dozen romances, some published over his own name and some pseudonymously. H-is pen name was Charles Granville. ' In this connection it may be recalled that it was Lord shoes there's ancestor, the eighth and last Earl of Bridgewater, who left £8,000 in the public funds to be passed to the author of the best treatise on "The Power, Wisdom, and Goodness of God as Manifested in the Creation." Bridgewater House, the earl's London residence, contains some famous Pictures, including what is known as the priceless Bridgewater House Madonna," and Raphael's painting, "La Sainte Famille au Palimier." Lord Ellesmere possessed a fine collection of British coins. The Trees of Fulham Palace. Fulham Palace, where the Bishop of London's garden party has just been raided by suffragettes, possesses beautiful grounds remarkable for the fine old trees thickly planted. About a former bishop who felled some of them Bacon remarked that he must be a good man for letting light on dark places." The present opulence of foliage is largely due to Bishop Compton, who was banished to Fulham, Dr. Brighton." Brighton, which has just lost a famous resident by the decease of the centenarian barrister, Mr. W. A. Gordon Hake, makes several '"interesting claims in the matter of longevity. Until at least quite recently it could boast the citizenship of the oldest solicitor in England as well, Mr. .Tan-=on, another of its -inhabitants, being admitted in the same year that Mr. Hake was called to the one (1835). It was noted in 1912 that for the previous 26 years the town had not once been without a centenarian resident, and that four were then alive, with several other candidates in close running for the honor in the person of Mr. Merrifield it also boasted the oldest acting clerk of the peace. Man's "Proper Age." Is extreme old age an altogether desirable state of existence? There are exceptions, of course, but the opinion of many to-day would seem to be in the negative. In which connection M rsdith "it is interesting to note, after an illness in his seventies, remarked that the doctors have pulled me through," but that it was "an ill service to a man of 75." Watts Dunton was authority for the statement that Swinburne thought it better for an author to die at the height of his career." Watts-Dunton 1 himself, however, confessed that he "could not see why men of their stamp should talk in this strain. The Population of Germany. Some în'e-'-stïn'* particulars regarding the population of the German Empire are given in "The German. Year Book!;, 1914,"' edited by H. A. Walter, and just published by the Anglo German Publishing Company. The German Empire in Europe covers an area of 208,777 square miles. The population of the Empire is now about 68,000,000. . Its growth'-' has been continue- s during the last century, particularly since the foundation of the new Empire in 1871. At present it increases at the rate of over S03.000 per year, due mainly to the surplus of births over deaths, and to a small extent to immigration from neighboring countries-. The emigration of Germans into foreign countries is much smaller than the emigration from England; but there is nevertheless a large number in every habitable part of the globe. All European as well as oversea countries have a more or less 'since German ponies tion, running very often into an-- fi sur s The aggregate number of Germans in the world in the current year, as far as can be estimated, reaches 100 millions. Large numbers of foreigners live in Germany. Austrians. Hungarians, Poles, Russians, Italians?. Dutch. French, and Danish to a large extent settle permanently in Germany because opportunities are greater there than in their native countries The of foreign population proper in Germany amounted at the census of 1910 to 1.259.873. More than 50 per cent were of Austrian na- tionality ?'6,4P<S3), Dutchmen came next with 144,175, followed by Busting (137,69''), and Italians il01.2(>n. Of British nation- ality there were 18,319 people as against fires in 1900. The first number of these foreigners are unskilled laborers. 