GREAT AUSTRIAN ROUT HEADLONG FLIGHT INTO HUNGARY GERMANY SUSPICIOUS OF ITALY ARMY CORPS SENT TO TRENTINO AMERICA AND CONTRABAND OF WAR VIGOROUS PROTEST AGAINST ANGLO-FRENCH ACTION FIERGE FIGHTING AT GiVENGHY THE POSITION SUMMARISED. The official news, from Russia published to-day is of a very satisfactory character. German activity on the Bzura and Rawka rivers on the contem- plated line of advance to Warsaw, has been checked. The Austrians have been defeated in Poland, and in Galicia they have been driven in headlong rout across the Carpathian Mountains into Hungary. During the last fortnight the Russians have captured 50,000 more Austrian prisoners, while an immense amount of spoil, including the contents ot several war-chests, has fallen into Russian hands. A significant message is that which reports that the Germans, suspicions of the intentions of Italy, and doubtful concerning the strength of Austria, have sent, an army corps to help in guarding the border of Trentino. The United States Government have, in the interests of the merchants of the Republic, addressed a vigorous protest to Great Britain and France on the subject of the detention, seizure, or diversion of cargoes of American pro- duce, ostensibly bound for neutral countries. President Wilson admits that the duplicity of some American shippers gives ground for the Allied action. Mr. Poulteney Bigelow has reminded his fellow-countrymen of the great help that the British navy has given to the United States in upholding the Monroe doc- trine, and in other important matters. In France and Belgium storms have interfered with military operations, but there has been an important advance in the region of Alsace. Fierce fighting has taken place at Festubert and Givenchy. The Germans have been putting obstacles in the way of the distribution of food to the starving Belgians. There is little fresh to report concerning operations on the sea, although the importance of the raid on Cuxhaven is now generallv admitted. There is a report that Prince Henry of Prussia, brother of the Kaiser, is to be given supreme command of the German High Seas fleet in the place of Admiral von Ingenohl. Turkey is still convulsed with trouble. Russia has inflicted several defeats on her forces in Armenia. Talaat Pasha, the Minister of the Interior, it is said, is leading a party of the Young Turks, which is ready to throw on the German yoke if disister overtakes the Turkish army. The British expedition which has been operating in the German Cameroons (Equatorial West Africa) reports that complete success has followed its action, and that there has been no loss of life. Another rebel leader has been caught in Cape Colony. Mr Chandler Hale, an American diplomat, in an official report to his Go- vernment, has borne testimony to the excellent manner in which German pri- soners, are treated in England. The dorman scientist, Kuhr, has been recap- tured. RUSSIAN PROGRESS. OVER THE CARPATHIANS. A HEADLONG ROUT. PETROGRAD, December 30, 6.50 a.m. An official dispatch from the head quarters of the Russian Army in Galicia, which was published at Petrograd this morning, contains this important informa- tion:-"We have taken 50,000 more Aus- trian officers and men prisoners during the past fortnight. The flight of the Austrian armies across the Carpathian Mountains has surpassed all former routs. Staff docu- ments, money, and immense quantities of arms have been abandoned by the enemy in their headlong retreat. The Russian cavalry is hotly pursuing the Austrians, many of whom are constantly being added to the long list of prisoners." The Carpathian Mountains surround Hungary and Transylvania in a large semi- circle extending from the north-west to the east and south. The total length of the Carpathians is 800 miles, and their width between seven and 230 miles. They slope steeply towards Galicia and Roumania, but gently towards the Hungarian plain. The central groups, where the Russians are, apparently, operating, comprise the High Tatra and the surrounding ranges which occupy the greater part of Northern Hun- gary. The High Tatra, the highest and boldest mountain group of the Carpathians, occupies the territory between the valleys of the Waag and Arva and those of the Poprad and Dunajec. The total length of the High Tatra is 76 miles and its width 28 miles. A number of passes and railways lead across the Carpathians, the most im- portant being:-The Iablunka pass (1,970 ft.), connecting Hungary with Silesia by the Buda Pesth to Breslau railway; the Cracow branch of the same railway cross- ing the mountains to the east of Iablunka pass; the Kaschau-Tarnow line, passing through the Poprad gorge (2,630 ft.); the line from Tokay and Homonna to Sanok and Przemysl; and the Latorcza railway from Munkacz to Lemberg, crossing the Carpathians near the Vercczke pass (2,760 ft.). All these lead from countries to the north and east into Hungary. The Car- pathians are for the most part covered with forests. The advance tof the Russians has been by way of Lalorcza and Dunajetz. There are now nearly *300,000 Austrian prisoners in the hands of the Russians. IN THE CARPATHIANS. VIENNA, December 2S. A communique just issued by the Aus- trian headquarters states:-We defeated a Russian attack north of Dukla Pass, in Hungary, and now the positions ocoupied are nearer the ridge of the Carpathians. MORE AUSTRIAN PRISONERS PETROGRAD, December 30. An official communique stales.-The enemy is less active on the rivera Bzura and Rawka, and between the Pilica and the Upper Vistula. The Russians, after storming two villages on the River Nida, captured 40 Austrian officers and 1,700 men, with many additional guns and quick firers. WATCHING ITALY. GERMAN SUSPICIONS. TROOPS IN TRENTIN0. LONDON, December 30. The Rome correspondent of the "Morn- ing Post" states that Germany, fearing that Austria will not be sufficiently strong to resist an invasion, is sending an army corps of between 45,000 and 50,000 men to Southern Trentino, where they are to occupy positions facing the Italian fron- tier. Trentino is a portion of the Austrian Tyrol, bordering, on the Italian provinces of Venetia and Lombardy. It is fertile and well cultivated. The chief town is Trent, which is 44 miles north-by-east of Verona. Trent is essentially an Italian town, and all people of the district have Italian sympathies, especially in Southern Trentino, where the German language gives place to the Italian. AMERICAN AFFAIRS. CONTRABAND OF WAR. A VIGOROUS PROTEST. LONDON, December 20. Reuter's correspondent at Washington states that the Note forwarded by the Go- vernment of the United States to the Bri- tish Ambassador (Sir Cecil Spring Rice), protesting against the present treatment of American commerce by the British fleet, cites numerous cases of detention and seizure, and warns Great Britain and France that much feeling has been aroused by what is characterised an the unwarrant- able interference with legitimate trade. Complaints made on every side, the Note adds, hold the British policy responsible for tile depression in many American indus- trias, and a reimbursement for the un- ' lawful detentions and seizures would not alone -remedy the evil, as the chief difficulty is the moral effect on exporters, who are restrained from taking risks. The Govern- ment are compelled to ask for definite in- formation in order to take measures to protect American rights. The Government agreed to be patient for some time after the outbreak of war, but five months have passed and there is no improvement, although shippers have adopted various suggestions made by the British. The Note adds that the British fleet has not differentiated between absolute and conditional contraband, and quotes the late Lord Salisbury's doctrine regarding foodstuffs shipped to the Transvaal on the occasion of the Boer war, which were con- sidered contraband only if supplied to the enemy's forces. The Government, it states, cannot tolerate undue delays caused by ex- amining ships or diverting them into belligerent ports merely on suspicion. Proof of a hostile destination must be in evidence at the time of the search. The Note charges Great Britain with de- taining American copper consignments to Italy, while Scandinavian consignments were not molested, and says the burden of proof must be imposed on the belligerents. The Note refers to Great Britain's high principles in the past in championing the freedom of the seas. The Government add that they are making the protest in a friendly spirit, but consider it best to be frank, lest silence might be considered as an acquiescence in the infringement of American rights. Router's correspondent adds that Ame- rica has demanded an early improvement in the treatment of American commerce by the Allied fleets. PRESIDENT WILSON'S WARNING. WASHINGTON, December 30. Referring to the United States' note to Great Britain concerning neutral trade, President Wilson intimates that he will be able to deal confidently with the matter of contraband only if supported by absolutely honest manifests. Great embarrassment has been caused to the Government, be- cause some shippers concealed contraband in cargoes of non-contraband articles. For example, contraband had been discovered under cargoes of cotton. As long as there were instances of that kind suspicion would be cast on every shipment and all cargoes would be liable to be searched. PLAYING TO THE GALLERY. WASHINGTON, December 29. President Wilson has appealed to Ame- rican shippers to refrain from sending con- traband of war in their cargoes for neu- tral ports. Several cases of this kind which have been discovered, he explains, gave ground for the British action in de- laying cargoes. The United States Cabi- net have discussed the whole question, and have promised to give diplomatic represen- tatives of the South American republics copies of the memorandum prepared on the subject, because of the interest of those republics in the question. In non-official quarters in the United States there has been a hot discussion, in which reprisals against Great Britain are proposed. Several Congressmen have sug- gested that an embargo should be raised against the shipment to the Allies of pro- ducts which the United States considers to be legitimate articles of trade, but which Great Britain and France have refused to allow to reach their enemies. Sir Cecil Spring Rice, the British Ambassador, has refused to comment on to-day's develop- ment of the controversy. The American press are discussing the question vigorously, and the popular interest therein is over- shadowing the attention given to the war. German sympathisers in the American press are urging the United States to take the strongest possible action against Great Britain. At Toronto to-day, Sir Allen Ayles- worth, a former Canadian Minister of Jus- tice, expressed the opinion that the action of the United States metely amounts to "playing to the gallery."' The whole question, he says, has probably been settled already bebween Great Britain and the United States, but the latter is obliged to do something to satisfy the powerful in- terests affected. A MONEY-MAKING SCHEME. NEW YORK, December 30. The New York evening papers generally commend the text of the Note, but the "Sun" warns the enemies of England that the Note does not indicate any hostility to England on the part of America. The Washington correspondent of the London "Daily Telegraph" states that Pre- sident Wilson's whole idea in protesting against the seizure of American goods was to lay the foundation for a claim for in- demnities at the close of the war. In the meanwhile the United States will con- tinue to file protests concerning each seizure, diversion, or detention of a mer- cantile cargo. BRITISH PRESS OPINION. LONDON, December 30. While awaiting the official text of Pre- sident Wilson's Note, and accepting his assurance of its friendly tone throughout, the British newspapers rely on the fair- ness of American opinion as a whole ensure a commonsense adjustment of admittedly thorny question, in a spirit of mutual goodwill. After remarking that '"the American newspapers have consist- ently grasped the fundamental fact that the ideals for which Great Britain is fight- ing are theirs no less than ours," the "'Times'* adds:-"We confidently antici- pate that a modus 'vivendi will be dis- covered which, wliile in accordance with the general principles of international law, will meet the truly unprecedented features of this war, and enable us to exercise to the uttermost all legitimate means of co- ercion on the enemy." The "Daily Chronicle" writes:-"If the British method of search is faulty in prac- tice, then Great Britain must amend the practice, but many of the American com- plaints are trivial in character. Great Britain will doubtless concede what can be conceded consistently with the legitimate and successful prosecution of the war, but if America wishes to assist certain individ- uals to make large profits out of German necessities, such a policy is unfriendly to the Allies." The "*Daily News" emphasises the gain which will accrue to America from the shortening of the war. The result of the blockade of German and Austrian ports by the Allied fleets will, it points out, vastly outweigh any temporary loss due to the restriction of the American trade with Germany. An American correspondent suggests that the best remedy for the difficulty will be to induce neutral Governments to place watertight embargoes upon the re-exporta- tion of foodstuffs and contraband, and that thero should bo a strict supervision of the manifest of each American vessel. WARNING AGAINST GERMANY. DEFENCE OF MONROE DOCTRINE. WASHINGTON, December 29. Mr. Poulteney Bigelow, the well-known author, through the press, warns America that if Germany wins the present war she is sure to create trouble among the South American Republics, where thousands of Germans are now living. "Germany's per- sistent ridicule of the Monroe doctrine is based on a desire," he says, "to ignore and dispute it on the first opportunity. Once Great Britain's support of the doctrine is demolished, even if Germany is defeated, she is sure to cherish revenge, and will probably seek expansion in South America as an off-set to defeats sustained in Europe and the loss of her colonies in Africa and the Pacific. Before America has time to think Germany's flag can easily be planted in South America. German submarines are at present engaged in studying marine geology throughout the West Indies. Mr. Bigelow recalls how Great Britain threw neutrality to the winds when Admi- ral Dewey was menaced in the Far East in 1898 by German naval forces. Great Britain, he said, then prevented Germany bullying the United States into evacuating the Philippines. Great Britain had stood between the United States and Germany ever since. Mr. Bigelow urges the United States to participate in the present struggle in order to make it certain that the Monroe doctrine will become a part of the world's public law. BLOOD THICKER THAN WATER. BRITISH AND AMERICANS AT MANILA. On the night of April 30, 1898, Admiral Dowey steamed into Manila Bay, Philip- pine Island, and at 5.15 a.m. next day commenced the bombardment of the Spanish fleet of eleven cruisers and gun- boats, and the shore batteries. At 12.40 p.m. the Americans had achieved a start- ling victory over the Spanish fleet, and had silenced the shore batteries. In thus subduing Manila, Dewey inflicted a sum- mary check upon German arrogance, which (says a writer) was probably an expres- sion of the contemptuous opinions concern- ing American naval strength existing in the Fatherland at the time. , He adds:-''A German warship steamed through Dewey's lines, deliberately ignoring the blockade which he had set up. Dewey promptly fired a shot across the bows of the in- truding vessel, and peremptorily ordered her captain to heave to. The German was enraged at this summary treatment, and called upon the commanding officer of the British squadron for advice as to what action he should take. The British com- mander suggested that he should apologise. This counsel was not to the taste of the angry Teuton, who pursued his interference still further, until an unmistakably threat- ening demonstration on Dewey's part forced him to desist. There runs another story that a German admiral, who sub- sequently arrived upon the scene, proposed to interfere with the suggested bombard- ment of Manila, and called upon Sir Ed- ward Chichester, the commander of the British squadron, in order to ascertain what attitude the latter would take in such a contingency. Sir Edward gave the significant answer-'That is only known to Admiral Dewey and myself.' There was no more trouble with the Germans. It is interesting to recall that this was not the first occasion where Germany called forth a threat from an American com- mander, for, in 1873, in Samoan waters. the commander of the Adams United States warship, cleared for action and ran in between the Ger- man warship Adler and the shore, as the Adler was preparing to fire upon some Samoans vvho were on the property of a citizen of the United States. Nothing hap- pened-but a good deal might have hap- pened had the Adler fired a shot." The captain of a British warship which was lying at Manila on the occasion of the attempted German interference on be- half of the Spaniards, ordered the decks of his cruiser to be cleared for action. He subsequently stated that if the Ger- mans had fired on the ships of Admiral Dewey he would have joined in the con- flict on the side of the Americans. FRANCE AND BELGIUM FIGHT AT GIVENCHY. HAND-TO-HAND STRUGGLE. HEAPS OF DEAD GERMANS. DUNKIRK, December 30, 4.55 a.m. A further account published to-day of the fighting which occurred recently in the neighbornood of Festubert and Givenchy, states that the Indian troops held the trenches between the two villages. The German trenches in places were less than 50 yards distant from the British lines. The Germans attacked the Indians fiercely, ueing their bayonets and hand grenades. The Indians resisted the enemy for hours with their bayonets and knives. They continued fighting .until ordered to -with- draw. In the meanwhile the hand-to-hand fight had spread through both villages, in which the possession of every street and house was hotly contested. The Germans gained possession of Givenchy, but at the most critical moment two regiments of French Territorials opportunely arrived, and spread over the whole line. The French, English, and Indian troops fought in the most desperate manner side by side in a confused line, regardless of either nationality or separate regiments, using their bayonets and knives, as well as bombs, in a most spirited fashion. Hardly a shot was fired. The fierceness of the onslaught amazed the Germans, who had quitted their trenches, believing that the day had been won. The Germans vainly sought refuge in their trenches. The Allies routed them out so ruthlessly that in every line of trenches, saps, and tra- verses the German dead lay in heaps. When the morning dawned the Allies again had possession of Givenchy. A NEW ZEALANDER KILLED LONDON, December 30. Captain Charles Harold Reynell Watts, a New Zealander, has been killed in action in France. Captain Watts joined the second battalion of the Northamptonshire Regiment on January 13, 1906, and two years later was promoted to a lieutenancy. On June 15 last year he attained the rank of captain. WOMEN AND CHILDREN SLAIN. PARIS, December 30. The Paris "Matin" states7 that the Ger- mans this week again subjected the town of Rheims to a bombardment from their heavy guns. Many houses were destroyed, and children playing in the gardens were killed or wounded. Twenty- five persons, mostly women or children, were killed by the German shells in Rheims on December 22. STORM PREVENTS FIGHTING PARIS, December 29. The French communique issued on Mon- day night states that a violent storm throughout that day prevented the carry- ing on of operations along most of the front, but the Allies none the less made progress in the region of the forest of Argonne. FOOD SUPPLY OBSTRUCTED LONDON, December 29. The "Evening News" correspondent at The Hague states that while ostensibly welcoming the arrival of American food supplies for Belgium, the German authori- ties are steadily increasing the difficulties of distribution. They have also stopped the importation of bread from the Dutch bakeries at Eyndhoven, which hitherto have supplied most of the bread required for northern Belgium. STEINBACH INVESTED. PARIS, December 29. A communique issued to-day states: The enemy violently bombarded our posi- tions from the Lys to the Somme, but we made progress between the Somme and the Argonne forest. We repulsed several counter attacks on the heights adjacent to the Meuse and recaptured trenches, and a redoubt at Bois Brule after three succes- sive counter attacks. We are now closely investing Steinbach, and following on a vio- lent action we seized the ruins of a chateau north-west of Steinbach. HONORS FOR PREMIERS. LONDON, December 30. The "London Gazette" to-day announces that the French Premier (M. Viviani) and the Premier of Belgium (Baron de Broqueville) have been created honorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. MEN OF MILITARY AGE. A correspondent of the "Manchester Guardian" who enquired how many men there were in the British Isles between the age of 18 and 35 at the time war was declared, was given the following reply: The only figures one can give are those of the last census, 1911, Avlrich are near enough. There are 6¼ million men be- tween the ages of 18 and 35, and four mil- lion of them were unmarried. In Germany the total number, must be about half as many again, say ten million males between those ages altogether. Probably the propor- tion of unmarried is lower in Germany. WAR ON THE SEA. GUARDING AGAINST ALIENS LONDON, December 29. The military authorities have ordered Germans and Austrians, including those who are naturalised as British subjects, with their British-born descendants, in- cluding the second generation, to leave Sunderland and other coast towns near the mouth of the River Tyne. DAMAGE AT CUXHAVEN. AMSTERDAM. December 30. Advices from Berlin state that the Kaiser summoned Prince Henry of Prussia and Admiral von Tirpitz, the German Minister of Marine, to headquarters and discussed for several hours, the damage done by the British raid on Cuxhaven. It is understood that Prince Henry has been given supreme command of the battle fleet, AMERICAN EULOGY. LONDON, December 29. The New York "Tribune" states that the Cuxhaven raid was a most brilliant and daring affair and put the Hartlepool raid in the shade, while it was also free of the stigma of being a brutal assault upon non- combatants. MINE SWEEPER SUNK. LONDON. December 30. The mine-sweeping trawler (name struck out by the censor) has been sunk as a result of the explosion of a mine on the British coast in the North Sea. One man was killed and five other men ,are missing. TURKISH TROUBLES. A DIVIDED MINISTRY. LONDON, December 30. The Athens correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" states that Talaat Bey, the Minister of the Interior in the Turkish Cabinet, is at the head of the anti- German section of the Young Turks. It is repor- ted that he is really the mouthpiece of the Young Turks Committee, which is secretly contemplating separation from Germany in the event of the war taking a bad turn for Turkey. AN IMAGINARY RAILWAY. CAIRO, December 29. There has not been any development in the situation along the eastern frontier. A few parties of Turks aDd Bedouins con- tinue to wander aimlessely about the eas- tern half of the Sinai Peninsula, but a long distance from the British outposts, who report that the statements concern- ing a proposed Turkish railway into the Sinai desert are sheer inventions. They also report that the Senussi or Mohamme- dan tribesmen in the hinterland of Egypt and Tripoli have manifested a friendly at- titude towards Egypt. DEFEATS IN ARMENIA. PETROGRAD, December 29. The latest Russian communique issued states:-We crossed the Laursin River in the direction of Olti, north-east of Erze- rum, in Asiatic Turkey, and checked the advance of large forces of the enemy. We have also occupied the Khamour- Aganitz railway line south-east of Erzerum, the Turks retiring with heavy losses and leav- ing many prisoners in our hands. WHOLESALE MASSACRES» PETROGRAD, December 30. A communique from the Russian mill' tary headquarters in the Caucasus, pub- lished at Petrograd to-day, states:-We have assumed the offensive in the Olminsk region, and have occupied the town of Sarykamish. We have repulsed the Turkish attacks in the direction of Khor- asam, on the borders of the Russian trans- Caspian territory. The Turkish soldiers are committing atrocities against the in- offensive population of the whole district, and in some villages all the inhabitants, men, women, and children, have been massacred. A PORT BOMBARDED. LONDON, December 30. A cruiser (whose name has been erased by the censor) on Sunday bombarded a port (the name of which the censor has also struck out). THE CAMEROONS. A BLOODLESS VICTORY. LONDON, December 29. The commander of a British cruiser which has returned from the Cameroons, a German possession in Equatorial West Africa, reports that the work of the/ Bri- tish expedition sent thither was carried on for several weeks by day and night in fever- infested rivers, swamps, and forests. The British had to pick their way through mined fields at the river mouth, but they captured every important place, not one life being lost. (Continued on Next Page.) THE WAR (Continued from Page 7.) GERMAN PRISONERS. .SPLENDID TREATMENT. * AMERICAN EULOGY. LONDON, D(jct-mber - 30. Mr. Chandler Hale, formerly third As Bstant Secretary of State, who was sec- retary to the American delegation to the Second Peace Conference at the Hague, and who is now connected Avith. the American Embassy in London, has for- warded a report to the United States Go TerniEcnt at Washington, eulogising the accommodation, the food, and all the other arrangements in connection with the detention camp for German and Aus- trian prisoners at Douglas, in the Isle of Man. He adds that as a result of conversa- tions with prisoners interned in the Doug- las camp ne has satisfied himself that the recent not there Avas the work of agita- tors. A number of the prisoners admitted to him that they had only themselves to ¡ blame for the intervention of the British troops, as a result of Avhich several lives were lost. GENERAL. WAR NEWS. "ANOTHER CAPE REBEL CAUGHT. LONDON, December 29. A motor force has captured the rebel, Martin Slatibert, an ex-lieutenant in the South vAfrican defence force,1, after a chase which occupied most of Christmas' Eve and Christmas Day. His men had previously .urrendered. ^ ' " ARREST OF KUHK. . LONDON, December 29. John Kuhr, the well-known German in- ventor and wireless telegraphy expert, who was thought to have escapedi from the gaol at Newcaetle-on-Tyne, has been discovered in a place of concealment in- aide the prison. Kuhr was arrested be- cause he was found in possession of a laboratory in a house situated in a suburb of Newcastle, which contained a large quantity of powerful explosives, and also * wireless telegraphy installation. AUSTRALIAN MILITARY CAMPS. LONDON, December 29. The Commonwealth officials in London arc displaying moving picture films illus- trative "of Australian life at the principal military camps. . AMERICA 'AND IMMIGRATION. ! NEW YORK, December 29. -Most students of the immigration pro Mem are of the opinion that a severe* abor famine will "follow the war in America. They consider that the further' restrictive legislation proposed will tend to inflict incalculable injury on the nation. OAKLANDS AND MORPHETT- VILLE CAMPS. __ The. military authorities state that en- listing is still proceeding at Oaklands. On Wednesday the second and third reinforcements, which have now been 'orracd into complete units, will be re- moved to Morphettville, in order to carry eut their furtner training. It has. been .rranged that Morphettville shall be the înal training ground for A-olunteers, and ihat Oaklands Avili be used as a depot to retain and train men and supply them tq Morphettville Avhen needed. There are 1,400 troops in camp. All men in the country vvho desire to enlist mould report to the nearest district council clerk, who will arrange for their medical infection and railway pass to Adelaide. Men from the city should . report at Oaklands, where they Avili be ?. medically examined. _ Sports will be held at the' camp =on Kew Year'» Day. A number of events »ill' be decided. A concert Avili be given on New Year's night in the Y.M.C.A. tent. THE EMDEN FIGHT. MORE ABOUT THE BATTLE. STATEMENTS BY THE ENEMY. FINE WORK BY TINGIRA BOYS. (From C. E. W. Bean, Australian Press | Representative with the Australian Imperial Force). I have had an opportunity of checking | from other sources some of the details of the fight between the Sydney and the | Emdeu. The greater part of what fol- lows is founded on the very best autho- rity-statements made to British officers I oy the captain of the Emden himself. Taken with the account given in my last letter it probably goes pretty well as near] to the truth as it will ever be possible for either side to get. The Emden, after visiting the Cocos | Islands, about sunset on Sunday night, , November S, appears ¡to have sailed j slowly round them. She was certainly not expecting either the Sydney or the Melbourne, which she, thought to be on the other side of the" Pacific Ocean,' but her captain thought he was quite likely to find a cruiser of some sort guarding the islands. I believe he says he heard a wireless signal from some shin calling, *'l want coal," and was even apprenensivc that somebody might hear it and think that it was the Emden her- self calling. .Having found no hostile ship about he steamed up to the anchor- age off the' cable station at dawn next morning.and lowered three boats with a landing party. When they were well away and there seemed to be no use for the fourth dummy . funnel, which he was carrying in front of his other three, orders were given to take it down. I have -not heard the German account of the result of this,-but as far as can be gathered from British sources it .'seems ito have been this single mistake which enabled the' Cocos .wireless station to send out-its S.O.S. message just in time. Thought it was Another Ship. Once that message was in the ether the captain of the Emden had to decide whether to run or to stay. Coaling had been ordered for 1 o'clock that day, and he decided to stay. With that ox cision he was well aware that he threw away one chance of safety. When the Sydney appeared he threw away another. Thinking that she was a certain British cruiser of his own size and armament, which he was quite prepared to light, he steamed out to meet her. She was coming on at a great rate, but this rate had not been kept up all' the. way be- cause there were certain details which the Sydney -wanted to prepare, and con- sequently her speed had been set origin- ally at 20 knots. Now, however, when she increased to full speed, she came down on him et a tremendous pace. He ' had to leave some of his preparations unmade. Many of his skilled . .ratings had been sent. ashore < with" the landing party to deal with the cable , and wireless stations-that at any rate is ; the German statement. When he at last discovered that the ship in front of aim Avasof the town class, carrying 6-in. guns, it A\\*as too late to-think of escape. The Sydney's-speed^put that out of , the ques- tion. The Emden's: captain opened, fire at the A*ery extreme range of his guns 10,000 A*ards. He is said to be of opinion that if he liad- opened at 9,500 yards his first shot Avould have hit the Sydney. As at Avas, his range Avas 500 yards too high. He Avas very well pleased Avith his men's shooting, and they are said actually to liave got off their shots at the rate of a salvo in every fiVe seconds. At the range at which he opened he calculated it would take about 20 second« for the Emden's shells to reach the Sydney, and he had expressed the opinion that at times until the guns in the Erndon became too hot. no fewer than four salvoes must have been in the air at the same time on their way to the Svdnev. The observations of those on the Sydney bear this out. Deadly. Lyddite Shells. The Emden's - captain could, apparently, never at any time see the effect of his shells on the Sydney, although he knew that some of them hit. He seems to have lud a suspicion that same important posi- tion on the Sydney might haA*e been hit. "because he noticed that her earlier salvoes after the first two or three began for time to_ fly high. The Sydney's shoot- ing during this short period at the bejdu ning is said by the Germans not to have been effective, but after a few minutes, when her shells began to get home, her shooting was excellent, and the effect of her lyddite shells was terrible. They are said to have burst splendidlv. The Ger- mans agree that one of the Sydney's shells at an early period burst below the after deck, and blew a gun's crew into the sea. Another, or possibly the same one, bent back a portion of the irmorcd deck, or shield protecting the steering chamber, and from that moment, although the steering engine may not have been actually -wrecked the steering communications with the con- ning tower Avere cut bv this piece of steel, and the captain found that he could get no answering moA-ement of the ship,when he attempted to steer her. From this mo- ment he had to rcl>; upon his twin screws. The Emden's captain is said to deny that his torpedo room was ever put out of ac- tion. During the whole fight he was at templin:: to tret within torpedo range, but never managed it. He saw the Sydney fire her torpedo at him and saw it miss, but h's torpedoes, were of an older type than the Sydney's, and during the whole fight he never managed to get closer than 5,0C0 yards, which, according to him, was be- yond the range of his torpedoes. Tlie Emden's torpedoes remained in her after the fight, although the torpedoes flat is said to have been flooded, possibly dur- ing the action. Prince Hohenzollern's place was in the torpedo room, as second in charge, and as the submerged parts of the ship were undamaged he received -no wound. Splendid Work by Young Australiana. Although the Emden fired very' fast, her captain does not believe that she can have expended anything^ like 1,500 shots, as was at first eta ted. ile puts the figure at somewhere about 600. Many of the 'Em den's ammunition hoists became quickly useîess after the Sydney's shells once be- gan to find her. The -Emdcn's guDs seemed to have been fired in salvoes .is long as they were able to do so, instead of T>reaking into independent firing. It is said, and is probably tnie, that the Germans looked upon the Australian cruisers as training ships owing to the number of Tingira boys and young seamen whom they were known to contain. It is true that the Sydney's crew included"*a large proportion of young hands-you would take thtm for young, intelligent, well- set-up youmr fellows. But if it were suspected that they would be found wanting in battle the events showed this to be a complete mistake. They had, of course, skilled gtinlayera and others to help them, but otherwise the only dif ferent-e between these boys and the most experienced sailors was that the excite- ment of their first naval action once or twice ran away with them. Except for this natural over-eagerness the young sailors are said to have been masrniliccnt. They were doing the work of men as ade- quately ns any seaman of long service could do, and were pcrft-ctly heedless of the Ein den's shells, which during the first quarter of an hour fell fairly constantly. That-is the testimony of the British officers. There were two of the Sydney's officers who had no duty to perform in the actual fighting. One of these, the navigating commander, watched the whole action Irom the roof of the conning tower, sitting there calmly with bis 'rgs dangling over the side. The chaplain was down at the dressing station with the doctors, and is eaid to nave been a tower of strength. The chaplain is said to have risen to the occasion and to have been as useful as any three ordinary After the Fight. When the Emden went ashore at the end' of the action she is said to have îeïted on the conti reef, about 80 yards from the beach. Her captain afterwards trietl to get a line on to one of the sand- hills, hut found that the ugly swirling current between the ship and the beach made this impossible. ne was not accus- tomed to Avork in the surf, and in the end the only way by which the shore was readied appears to have been by swim- ming. The Germans were strong swim- mers, as the experiences of the men who Avere picked out of the «ea by the Sydney show, i . One ot these men-the one who was in the sea for nearly nine hours had the luck .to get a piece of wreckage to support bim. It turns out that the fame explosion below deck which threw him and his gun's crew into the sea also' blew into the sea a chair from one of the decks below. He had thi* chair for partial support. until the Sydney picked him up. Tlie German seamen 'who were taken prisoners Avere found to po«*eo*>s an ext-a ordmary collection of coins-Mexican dol- lars, English eilver. Japanese and Russian coins, German five-mark pieces-and curio- sities of all sorts. Mo«t of this was pro- bably divided among them as prize money from the ships which they sank, although of course, this.is impossible to ascertain. It is being kept for them. Most of, it shows f=igns of. having been severely burned in the Emden and rescued when "the fires were put out. The officers, although they are techni- cally allowed to keep their swords in recog- nition of the Emden's behaviour, have ac- tually lost all their swords, with the ex- ception of the prince, and his sword, wliicli was in hÎ3 caliin. looks to-day more like a relic of ancient Rome than a German officer's dirk. He lo*t some valued medals given him by the Empress of Austria. Prince Hohenzollern'« sister is married to the ex-King Manoel of Portugal. As King Manoel has offered to ficht with the Allies against Germany the relationship is an in- teresting one. MILITARY ARRANGEMENTS FOR SUNDAY. The military authorities have isued an order in connection with Sunday next, which will be recognised throughout' the Em¿irc as a day of-intercession. The ordfer reads:-"A special voluntary church parade of all metropolitan troops will be held at St. Peter's Cathedral. North Adelaide, at 3.20 p.m. This day has been set apart as a special day of intercession in connection with the war, and of solemn commemora- tion of the heroic dead. Troops will form up on the Parade Ground .at 2.45 p.m., and will march to the Cathedral via King Wil- liam-road. BRITISH RED CROSS SOCIETY. The following cable" message has been re- ceived from Lord Rothschild (chairman of the British Red Cross Society) by Lady Tlelcn Munro Ferguson:-"The British Red Cross Society desire me to express its most grateful thanks to you, our Australian branches, and to all in the Commonwealth who have helped us with such splendid generosity. The total contributions from the Australian branches now amount to £50,000, and this is irrespective of their munificent gifts in kind. It is a fine record, of which the Commonwealth may be justly proud." The appended cable- gram has l>een received from the High Commissioner in response to enquiries wade by Lady Helen Munro Ferguson s to what articles are most in demand: "'Red Cross State Hannel shirts, cardigans, vests, pants, socks, mufflers, gowns, mit- tens, blankets, and dressing gowns speci- ally required. Difficult to^ meet preáent demands made upon them.""' FORTY^ THOUSAND SIXPENCES. A committee of Ladies and gentlemen has been established at the Builders' Ex- change, Waymouth-street, for the purpose of assisting the Belgians during the next 12 months, and in order that a large mem- bership may be secured the Belgian Resto- ration Fund will be conducted on a sub- scribing basis of 6d. per week, the com- mittee defraying working expenses, so that the gross receipts may be forwarded from month to month. A neat badge has been adopted for subscribers-a small shield, bearing the initials of the fund, and also signifying that the fund is a tribute to the nation which lias been sacrificed in order to shield the Allies, i.e., Britain, Rus- sia, and France. The office of the fund is at 17, Waymouth-street. where the lion, .secretary (Mr. A. J. Huntington) will be glad to enrol subscribers. CHRISTMAS TEA TO THE NAVAL RESERVE. Anxious that the naval boys on duty should not be overlooked during the festive season, the ladies of the Semaphore, led by Mesdames H. Thomson. Reynolds, and Tburgerland, provided tea at the drill sheds. Largs Bay, on Christmas eve. Over JOO of the boys in blue partook of their hospitality, and enjoyed themselves tho- roughly. Their happy countenances and appre- ciation were sufficient thanks for the trouble taken on their behalt. After tea a concert was given and thoroughly enjoyed, not only by the naval men but also by Lieutenant Argent's guests. A gjmnastic display was given by the naval men, and songs and instrumental items by Misses Parkes. Craig, Thurgerland, and Robinson, and Messrs. Bees, Heritage, jid Kerr. Some 100,000 letters and parcels are daily dispatched to the front. All com- munications addressed to our troops in France are handed over to the Army Post- Office, which dispatches and delivers them. This takes some six days. GARIBALDI'S GRANDSON. KILLED IN FRANCE. PARIS, December 30. General Garibaldi's grandson, Bruno Garibaldi, was killed this week while gal- lantly leading his men, who were storming j the Gern.an trenches in the Argonne re- gion. | General Garibaldi was the great Italian Liberator. He fought aleo for France in the war of 1870. A UNITED EMPIRE. WALL OF INDIANS. TO OPPOSE THE GERMANS. LONDON, December 30. The Indian .Government have derided to restrict -the exports of wheat and flour from December 1 to March 31 to 100,000 tons. The.cxports are also io be confined to British possessions. At the meeting-of the National Congres* in Madras, Sir -Subra Maniya Iyer, a re- tired judge of the Madras Court, said none were more loyal than the representatives of educated India, but the dissolution con- gress could not be entertained till they were nearer the goal of self-government. Bhupendra Kath Basil, the President of the Congress, deprecated the introduction of controversial matters, and further re- marked:-"We must present a united Empire. We* can put a wall of In- dians in the field against which the Ger- mans will hurl themselves in vain." VICTORIAN FUNDS. TOTAL OVER HALF A MILLION. Melbourne, December 30. In less than five months Victorians have voluntarily given m pr¡A*ate sub- scriptions, either in cash or m lund, approximately £500,000 for the succor of those needing assistance as a result of the war., The gifts may be summarised approximate!} as follows, estimates beimr included for money and goods in the hands of subsidiary organisa- tions, but not yet forwarded to the cen- tral funds: C.tsh contributions.-Central Patriotic Fund, Lord Mayor's,. £155,200; Patriotic League, Lady Mayoreps'. £3350; Behr.aniîe l:ef, Lord Mayor's, £32,500: P-elgian Nuns. Lady Ma>*oress', £1.000; Belgian ^Nuns, Archbishop Carr's, £1,356; Red Cross, Aus- tralian branch, less items included else- where. -£27,060; . Red Cross, Victorian hranch, £5,676; Commonwealth Public Service, '£2,713; State Public Ssrvice. £5,100} State schools and Education Department. £10,109: Railway Ser A-ice, £9,675: (Pol-co-Fund, £S50; French relief, £499; meat,fund, £2,580; Salva- tion Army fund, approximate, £10,000; Salvation Army Belgian children's Christ- mas treat, £1,000; Y.M.C.A. field ser- vice, £2,000; bandages for horses fund, £391; cigarettes and tobacco, £162: colors for troops, £500. Direct to Federal Go- vernment-Lillydale Council, £1C0: Gordon Connel1, £550: Lyndhurst Council, £93: total, £743. - In the hands of subsidiary funds (approximately). £30,000. Direct to Enrrland (approximately), £10,000. " Total, £312,664. «Sums have been voted out of these amounts for ' relief of unemploy- ment. Contributions in kind:-Red Cross, Aus- tralian branch-, £30.000; Patriotic League (Ladv Mayoress), £20,000; garments, etc., from schools, £5,000; Y.-M.C.A. field ser- vice, £1,000; Salvation Army War Fund, £3,000: Rabbits and Hares Fund, £2-25; band instruments, £2,500; books, £1,000; gifts direct to forces. £10.000; miscel- laneous (approximately)," £5,000; articles in hands of branches, -£40,000. To Defence Departments-Horses, £6,751; motor am- bulances", ¡£20,250r motor cars. £5,000; motor cycles. £375: travelling kitchens, £3.900: field glasses, £1,000; surgical equipment, £1,200; typewriters, £1,000; roi-cèllaneons items, £20,000. Total, £188,001. - Gifte m cash, £312,681. Gift«- in kind, £ISS,001. Total. £500,663. WAR FUNDS. The subscriptions acknowledged below have been received by the committees of the funds mentioned: . RED CROSS FUND. St. Peters' Bnnch.-Previously acknowledged, £6 3/5; 0. Dunn. £3; Linen, 6/G; Red Oro-s tfag collection-Per Mrs. <". .). llobertaor, £1 16,8: per Mrs. Stafford O'Connor. £1 8/91.; per Mrs,. Shinkfleld, 17/fi per Mrs,. Sydney Bailey, 37/10; per Miss Walter. l');6; per Miss Braiumn (Baptist S.S. children), 6/: per Mrs. C. Dunn, 12/; per Mies Clytie E. Robertson, 17/. Total, £9 0/9". BELGLA.N RELIEF FUND. LADY- GAMVAY'S APPELU,. Previously acknowledged, £11,317 3,-7. Miss If. Sidoli, 12/; Mr. and Mr=. Edwin Davey, £2."i; per the "Murray Pioneer," 4th instalment from Renmark, £21 "/; per ,T. tO. Taylor, Tarlee, pro- ceeds concert by Riverton public school £10, "A Farmer" 1/, £11; A. D. Breaden, Hornbury, £2 10/; Mrs. J. A. Burchmore, 10/: Christmas morning collection. Marion Methodist Church, £5 1C/; Rev. John Blacket, £1 2/3. Total. £11,385 0/10. A GENEROUS DISTRICT. Clare, December 30. Thi>! district has responded nobly to the reimest for donations, to i the Patriotic, Rod Cross, and Belgian Funds. Entertainments, socials, dec., have been held in aid of one far other of the funds, and in addition the place has been -well canvassed for subscriptions, with splendid results. The follow- ing are the amounts donated, and in addition large quantities of clothing have been given to both the Red Cross and Belgian Funds: Patriotic Relief Furd.£238 Belgian Relief "Fund.S2S Red Cross Fund.203 Total.£775 Several amounts are yet to come in from enter, tainments, dances, 4c. AIDING THE KARiLSRUHE, GERMANS ON BRITISH SHIPS. From the officers of the steamer Con- dor, captured and sunk bj- the German cruiser Karlsruhe in the South Atlantic Ocean, the Imperial Merchant Service Guild ¡earns that this vessel had on board among the crew a number of German sailors and firemen. The owners of the vessel had given the captain instructions not to engage any German seamen, but certain German subjects signed articles in a United States port under false pretences by declaring that they were of Dutch, Nor- wegian^ Swedish, and Danish nationality. As soori as the lieutenant from the Karls- ruhe, with an armed boat's crew, boarded the steamer ¿he Germans promptly de- clared their true nationality, .and took part in the looting and sinking of the British steamer upon which they bad found em- ployment, after which th«?y joined the German merchant vessels which are being used as scouts by the enemy. NEW BLOOD FOR WOUNDED. The military medical authorities at Lyons lately issued the following appeal to the population:-"There are wounded who are so exhausted from_ loss of blood that the only chance of saving their lives is by a prompt transfusion from the veins of a bealthy, stromi living man or woman. Those who wish to offer their blood for such transfusions are invited to çive in their names to the Hotel Dien."' No sooner had this notice appeared in the local press than volunteers presented themselves*, and Dr. Carrel, the famous Franco-American surgeon, chief of the Roclcfcller Institute, and now at the head of one of the Lyons hospitals, was_ able immediately to save several patients. Til ree days ago (wrote a Parie correspon- dent on October 29) there were nearly 120 names at the Hotel Dieu, representing rich and poor and all class*» of society, and it is perhaps needless to add that women are conspicuous in the list of those who are offering their blood to replace that shed for their country. AUSTRALIAN SOLDIERS. HIGH PHYSICAL STANDARD. Melbourne, December 29._ The physical standard of the men in the Australian Expeditionary Forces is exceptionally high- Testimony to this effect was given to-day by an officer at the barracks who has seen the men as they carne in for examination. Tables are being prepared which will enable a comparison^ to be made between the physique of men from different States. It will probably be found that the Queens lauders show the greatest average height. 1'urther, an officer stated ito-day that there was little doubt that the Second Contingent will. show a better physical average than the first. The men are drawn largely from country districts, and are big-boned and brawny soldiers. The First Contingent was drawn largely from city dwellers, yet though the latter were probably smaller on an average than the men from the stations and »back block j, there is no doubt that they will compare very favorably with the British troops with Sir John French, and even with the Russians. The British line regiments arc very largely composed of short stockily-built men. NAVAL CADETS. Melbourne, December 29. At the end of January the naval cadets of the Commonwealth start their work in the new college" at Jervis Bay. Arrange- ments for their reception are now in full ¡-wing. The furniture and machinery have been- moved from the old premises at Geelong, and in the course,of the next few days the majority of the st.iff of officers and petty officers will take up residence in their new quarters. The Minister of Defence staled to-day that there would be no official opening ceremony at the new college. The cadets would go straight into residence. He intends, however, to pay a visit of inspection during the first week of February. THE WAR PENSIONS BOARD. Melbourne, December "V). The Federal Executive Council lo-dav appointed Mr. F. J. Ross (chief clerk in the Treasury). Lieutenant-Colonel T. II. Dodds, and Lieutenant-Colonel Fetherstone, M.D., as members of the War Pensions 'Board under the War Pensions Act. The duties of the board will be to enquire into all claims for pensions, and to make re- commendations in consonance with the merits of each case. APPOINTMENTS. Mellxiurne, December 20. At a meeting of the Federal Executive to-day the following military promotion» were made:-To be majors. Captains W. T. Charley, E. Windeyer, and F. D. W. Oat- ley, Lieutenants J. White, T.- L. E. Rut- ledge, and Second Lieutenant II. B. Suttor. These officers will serve in the Australian Imperial Forces. Mr. «T. B. Laing, chief accountant and financial member of the Military Board, was granted the honorarv rank of colonel on the administrative staff. The Executive also appointed Captain C. S. Elliott, of the Royal Navy (retired) io the Permanent Naval Forces (seagoing) of the Commonwealth at a salary of, £625 per year. Sub-Lieiitenant_ James M. C. John- stone, of the Rov.il Naval. Reserve, was appointed acting lieutenant in the Perma- nent Naval Forces. NOT A GERMAN SPY. Melbourne, December 30. Mr. G. E. Jelbart, of the Ballarat engi- neering firm of Jelbart Bros., was arrested at Forbes, New^ South Wales, a few days ago on suspicion' that he was a German spy. Mr Jelbart, who "has just returned to Ballarat, .-ays Le bad gone to Forbes to'inçtal an irrigation plant for a German farmer. He vyas - Avalking to the farm, which is five miles*from the station, and Avas overtaken by a constable and ordered to return to the Forbes police-station, where satisfactory explanations of his mis- sion Avere tendered, and he Avas liberated. Mr. Jelbart says he comes of very old Cornish stock, and has no German blood in his veins. VOLUNTEERS FROM THE BARRIER. Broken Hill, December'30. Another 20 volunteers for ,tbo Australian expeditionary foi%es--left for Adelaide to- night. AUSTRALIA'S TROOPS. REPLY TO MR. COOK. . Melbourne. December 30. 5peaking at Sydney on Tuesday, Mr. Joseph Cook advocated a great increase in' the number Of men to be sent to Europe, saying that nothing less than 100,000 effeetives^n the field would be an adequate contribution, and he hoped that the estimates wotdd be revised. Senator Pearce (Minister of Defence) described Mr. Cook's utterances as hol- low talk. 'It is A*erv easy," said the Minister to- day, "for Mr. Cook to italk largely about 100,000 men. but he ought to be in pos- session of information that snould con- vince him that his remarks are so much hot air. He knows, that there is some in- formation that could not be made pub- lic. He thinks he can score a poinit and make a patty question of it by making it appear that the Government are not donr* all they should do." SAILORS AND FREE RAILWAY" RIDES. Melbourne. December 30. The fact that sailors were not franked over the State railways, while _ soldiers were, Avas brought under the notice of the Minister of Defence to-day. Senator Pearce said the matte» was one that rested entirely with the States, and be was sure if it Avas brought under their notice the sailors would secure the same treatment as had been accorded the soldiers. PADDED SOLDIERS. GERMANS AS FALSTAFFS. ! A good many hundreds of German priso- ners have been taken into France. They seem practically all to be men who. sur- rendered out of sheer physical misery, their powers of endurance being worn out by endless days of fighting in flooded trenches where the water reaches to mid thigh, without food, without rent, and witnout hope,«except of a muddy death in the trenches. In one day over a thousand surrendered. Among the dodges to which the Germans resort as a protection against the bayonet is to stuff their tunics with shirts, cloth, or anything they can find. The Belgian bayonet is a short, stumpy weapon, with a ten-inch blade, which buries itself in .the padding and fails to reach the body. At any rate, that is the theory of the patrons of this device. Most Germans of Landwehr age and practieallv all qualified for the Landsturm are so well provided with frontal padding by nature that any artificial increase of amplitude in this direction would swell their girth to FalstafBan proportions. But a few weeks' campaigning in the flats of Flanders has doubtless done more for their figures than a score of Augusts at Karlsbad. CARGOES IN ENEMY SHIPS. EFFORTS TO SECURE RELEASE. AUSTRALIAN CONSIGNEES TAKE ACTION. A mooting of consignees interested in the cargoes of German-steamers interned in Batavian ports was hold in the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce, Waymouth strcet, on Wednesday. Mr. F. W. Vasey (viev-pre-sident of the Chamber of Com- merce) presided. Tlie secretary of the chamber, (Mr. J. A. Riley) read a lcter from the Sydney chamber, suggesting that consignees in each centre should appoint one or two delegates to meet, say, in Syd- ney, to settle the best course of procedure. With the large amount of tonnage in ques- tion the Sydney chamber suggested it would probably be necessary to charter a number of steamers on behalf of the con- signees to send the cargo on. Someone would have to be sent to Java to take controi cf the whole business. Mr. C. Allon reported that a sub-com- mittee appointed by the Adelaide con- signees had discussed the Sydney sugges- tion, and recommended that it be adopted. There were, he said, 13,000 tons of jrçneral cargo and 4,000 tons of timber cnnripirtl to Australia in the German Australian steamers interned at Java. A letter from the German-Australian Company was read, which stated that the discharge of all Australian cargo had been authorised, putting the cargo at the dis- posal of consignees at the_ actual port where each steamer was lying, the con- ditions of delivery being as follow:-1. Payment at Batavia of unpaid freight. 2\. Payment at Batavia of the following general average deposit:-Steamer Sydney and at ramer Lubeck (presumably at Tjil.it iap), 5 per cent.: steamer Wismari» ?nre siimabiy at Banjocwangic), 10 per cent.: Stolberg and Luneberg (presumably at Ma- cassar). 10 pei- cent.; Frieberg (presum- ably at Batavia). 20 per cent, (inciudir-g 10 per cent, for damage through ground- ing). 3. All charges from alongside the steamers to be for account of consignees. Mr. Allen said it was wrong of the com p?ny to have demanded a general average, and it was iiicgtl, but the consignees were in the, company's hands. , The sustrestion of the Sydney Chamber was adopted, and Messrs. C. Allen and J. A. Riley were appointed to reirresent the consignees at the Sydney conference. The Case of the Roon. In regard to the X.D.L. steamer Roon, also interned at Java, the Sydney Cham- ber recommended the consignees to comply W'th the conditions of the N.D.L. that full freight be paid, if it was not prepaid; that there be a Java bank guarantee of 20 per cent, to cover n general average (which was not expected to be more than 10 per cent.) and a bank guarantee of the full value of cargo it all bills of lading were not produced. > The expenses at Tjilat jap were expected to be 15/ ' (ptesumably per ton). The meeting adopted the recommenda- tions of the Sydney Chamber, and ap- pointed Messrs. Allen and Riley to act for thom in this matter also. A Strong Protest. The Sydney Chamber advised the receipt cr i cibl'.'gi-am from the London Chamber of Commerc?. reading:-"Advise all owners cargo, Hamm, Apolda, Birkenfels. your, pud other ports m'ist prove ownership nefore Cape Town Prize Court, whose re- lease essential obtain delivery at destina- tion." A reply had been immediate!}' sent as follows:-'"'Course proposed bitterly re- sented all Australians, who consider being plundered approximately £10.000. Com- monwealth Government surely competent act as agents Cape Town Prize Court or Admiralty in receiving proof ownership at Australian destination. They have offered Admirait}- guarantee proper delivery. We are not enemy subjects/' The meeting applauded, this reply. , Birkenfels to Sail. A consignee.present at the meeting sub- mitted a eabk>gram received from Cape Town, wlreh intimated that the Birken fels probably .will sail from Cape Town early in January for Australia. THE CARGO OF THE BIRKENFELS. Melbourne, December 30. Messrs. Henry W. Peabody & Co., of Sydney, received a cable message from their Cape To-.vn offices to-day stating that the steamer Birkenfels, which has been in- terned fn South Africa, will probably sail for Australia early in January. The Sec- retary of Slate in London in a lengthy cable" message to the Department of Exter- nal Affairs," asked that the Australian courts should re- arrest the vessel, and ad- judicate on all cargo to which claims had1 not been proved before the ship sailed. The Birkenfels has on. board a consider- able quantity of cargo for Australian ports. A COSSACK'S ACHIEVEMENT Thrilling stodies reached Petrograd early in November of the struggle against the entrenched German infantry during the successful advance along the Pilitza. A fight full of incidents took place half-way between Varka and Prsbibyschew, on the left bank of the stream. Private Tar saoff, who came back from this fight minus two fingers, gives the Odessa press a description, in the course of which he tells of the predicament of a Polish cap tain who nearly Jost his life in the river mud. When he was picked up he was insen- sible. Some of the Ural Cossacks swam their horses across the stream in face ot a hot rifle fire. The Cossacks were in wild spirits, and made bets amongst them- selves as ¡to Avho should do the maddest act. One big fellow stuck on his lance a pink paper face, and put above it his forage-cap. "While he was swimming through the rushes the Germans took the paper face for the real thing, and six shots were fired by the sharpshooters. Only one missed. The Cossack, "Kho runji" Martynoff, did a brave act. His sotnia Avas entrapped and forced into a farmhouse. Halt the horses were shot, and about a dozen men were wounded. The farmhouse was besieged all day, and, seeing that escape for ali the Cossacks was impossible, Martynoff resolved to save as many as he could. Taking twelve volunteers, he made a dash at the Ger- mans, and ordered the other Cossacks at the same time to fire their carbines with- out ceasing. The Germans, concluding that the whole Cossack force was trying to break out together with Martynoff's band, concentrated on that side of the farmhouse from which the intrepid leader had dashed, and killed him and his little band of bcroes. While this tragedy was oc- curring 60 or more Cossacks escaped from the other side and rejoined their vic- torious comrades at Varka. Thus did Martynoff lay do-vn his life for his friends. FRENCH LOSSES HALF A MILLION. Tbe total of the French casualties up to date 'stated a Paris telegram of October 30) is" between 450,000, and 500,000 killed, wounded, and missing; probably nearer the higher figure than the lower. A fortnight previously the total of the German casual- ties on both .fronts Avas officially estimated in Paris at about 900,000. A Leipzic paper estimated the German casualties at about 750.000, but it was not clear whether this estimate included both fronts or not. As it would bave been excessive .for tlie wes- tern front alone, it is probable that the estimate Avas for both fronts together, but in that ease it -was certainly below the mark. The excès; of killed and wounded the German side is greater than appears from these figures, as the Germans have taken on the western front alone about twice as many prisoners as the French. There -are about 115.000 French prisoners in Germany and about 60,000 German priso- ners-in France. The reason for this diffe- rence is that cn more than one occasion the Germans have taken a very large num- ber of prisoners; at Maubeuge, for in- stance, the Avhole garrison of about 20,0C0 i men Avere captured LUXURY AND WAR. BERLIN'S NEMESIS. Every great war (writes Dr. Hans Hul dricksen, the distinguished Swedish- Ameri- can psychologist) has been preceded by a period of profligacy, of brilliant and wickedly extravagant entertainment, of de- votion to voluptuous dancing and shameless and reckless luxury. Living in the midst of it, the average man has little power to realise this world-wide luxury by compar- ing it with the simplicity of other days. The sociologist can render a service to civilisa- tion by impressing on the nations the enormity of this extravagance. It has pre- vailed no lees in America than in Europe. The expenditures on public amujements in the civilised countries have alone reached an amount that is staggering, but they are perhaps less significant than the craze for more demoralising and unwholesome indul- gences. Of especial significance is the dancing mani-i, which has affected the whole civi- j Iked world in recent years. Dancing is a recreation which, though beneficial when enjoyed in moderation, easily leads to the most demoralising excesses and extrava- gances. The close contact of persons in the intoxicating rhythm of the dance, aided by the consumption of wine and other causes of excitement will work havoc with the ordinary restraints of so- cial life. In England there has been a mania for public costume balls, where costliness has vied with immodesty m the adornment of the dancers. At public balls English duchesses in the garb of Thais and other sirens of mythology have thrown them- selves into the arms 'of strange men cos- tumed as pirates and pashas. At such public affairs as the Covent Garden cos- tume ball, the largest theatre in London has bpen filled with 5,CO0 gorgeously at- tired people of all ranks of society, from the peerage to t':e saloonkeeping class, who have mingled indiscriminately. The expenditures at such affairs have been enormous. Women of ancient family vie with the wives and favorites of new capitalists in piling fortunes on their shoul- ders. A woman with 200,000 dollars' worth of pearls' around her neck was picked np unconscious -by a poor waiter af- ter such an. affair. The traditional mo- desty of English society has been thrawn to the winds, but their excesses have not surpassed those of the other civilised na- tions. The danger of the dancing craze has been clearly pointed out and emphasised by my colleague, Professor Hugo Mtienstcr berg. in his last book. "Can we deny," he says, "that this re- cent craae. which, like a dancing mania, has whirled 0A*er the countn*, is a signifi- cant expression of deep cultural changes which have come to America? Only ten years ago such a dancing fever would have been impossible. People danced, but they did not take it seriously. It Avas set off from life and not allowed to penetrate it. "No one can doubt that true dangers are near whenever the dancing habit is pro- minent. _ The dance is a bodily movement which aims at no practical purpose, and is thus not bound to outer necessities. It is simply self-expression, and this gives to the dancing impulse the liberty which easily becomes licentiousness. Two mental con- ditions help in that direction; the mere movement as such produces increased ex- citement, and the excitement re- enforccs the movement, and so the dance has in itself the tendency to become quicker and wilder and more and more unrestrained." Dancing is, of course^ not the only alarm- ing form of social extravagance, although it is the most conspicuous. Excess in eating, drinking, dress, and other forms of indulgence has become universal among the weli-to-do classes. We hear of a banquet in Berlin where the decorations reproduce the Golden House of Nero. In Paris a fantastic midnight banquet is held in a swimming pool. It is especially significant that Germany, Avhich used to be the land of simple living, has become as deeply addicted to extrava eance as the others. While immodesty has become general in English society, excesses in eating and drinking are the prevailing sin of Germany. It is common to hear of feasts that cost 100,000 dollars in Berlin. . The "water Cure" resorts, like Marienbad, where people try to recover from the ef- fects of excessive eating and drinking, have [in recent years been overcrowded with visitors. Many forms of social excess in Germany have only been,hinted at. There were strange reports concerning, the fantastic feasts of that great multi- millionaire, Alfred Krupp, before his mysterious death. The entertainments of that peculiar ornament of Berlin's aristocratic society, Count Philip von Eulenberg, will also be recalled by many. It may seem absurd to my American readers to speak of the demoralisation of Paris, because they have always regarded it as the delisrhtful incarnation of wicked- ness, but the truth is that the dcmoraltia tion of Paris has reached a new stage. The separation of the virtuous and the disreput- able classes no longer exists. The wicked- ness Avhich -was once a spectacle has now become part of the life of the nation. That most acute observer of French social life, M. Octave Uzanne, lias described better than any one the demoralisation which has come over French society. All this, mark you, is essentially the result of extravagance, for it is the insatiable desire for luxury that makes virtue a cheap commodity. _._ In his recent book, "The Modern Parisienne," M. Uzanne says: "For nearly, forty years a great change has been taking place in social customs, tending to a vague confusion between the demi-monde and the higher classes. The left-hand queens elbow those of the right hand, and the latter imitate the manners, tone and fashions of the former, and some- times even take a leaf out of their book. They meet secretly to exchange confidences about a husband or a lover. They con- sider themselves in the light of rivals and meet at charity bazaars, races, and hotel tea parties. They employ the same dress- 1 maker and milliner." It will be well to prove by a few his- torical instances that great calamitous wars have already been preceded by a period of unbridled extravagance. The typical illustration is the fall of Babylon, whose doom, as related in the Bible, was announced to King Belshazzar in the midst of his wanton revelling by the pro- phet Daniel. I The colhtpse of the Roman Empire was, of course, heralded by the most tremen- dous and long continued era of luxury the world has ever known. The catastrophe was due to the inrush of those barbarians who had long been plundered by the Romans, and who had therefore contri- buted to their luxury. To turn to a different period of history, we find that the French Revolution waa preceded by the extraordinary extrava- gances of the French Court and aristocracy during the 18th century. That was the age of the Pompadours and Du Barrvs and oí King Louis XV.'s unspeakable re- vels at the Parc-aux-ceris. The Franco-Prussian war of 1870 was heralded by the ^glitter and license of Napoleon HI.'b tinsel empire. It would be wearisome to enumerate all the cases where great social extravagance has intro- duced a great war. _ Such excesses are in- variably the beginnings of a racial malady whose crisis is wholesale slaughter. It must be remembered that the ex- travagance of the last few years has far exceeded that of any of the historical periods mentioned. In those earlier periods the mass of the people lived simply and roughly. To-day the craving for "luxury has infected every class of society, down to workmen and peasants. This point has been well brought out by my friend, Professor Gugliekno Ferrero, of Rome, in his last work. Why should extravagance lead to war? Is not war the one. thing that must end the luxury with which the people are in- fatuated? The answer to these questions is that extravagance produces greed, which lends to war. Those who are mad for luxury seek ever more and more wealth to satiate their desires. One country de- sires the rich colonies of its neighbor. 'An- other country wishes to filch the world embracing commerce of its rival. Tlîe jewelled costume balls of London excite the envy of those who give Sardanapalian feasts in Berlin. The wealth which has made such extravagance possible has also made possible the accumulation of vast armaments. The logical outcome of such conditions must be that one. nation will use ita arms to seize the wealth of its neigh- bor. The lesson which the philosopher will draw from these facts is that it we wish to put an end to war we must return to simple living and high moral ideals. War will not bo ended by an agreement to limit armaments. It will only be ended by the consciousness of every man that luxury is sot a thing worth fighting for. GERMAN AUSTRALIANS. To the Editor. Sir-'Will Mr. Saunders please give his authority for saying that a German who ha-, been naturalised in Australia or any- where else in the Empire has done noth- ing of which the Fatherland will take offi- cial notice, and that a person bom here of German naturalised parents 'can become a German citizen without leaving Austra- lia? I have heard t' it something like '?his applies to emigrants to Russia, but wns unaware that it applied elsewhere. If it is so, the fact should not be tost signe of; but even then the suggested turning adrift oi ever}' man and woman of Ger- man descent who is in the public service merely because of the accident of birth would not be justified, and on reflection I think Mr. Saunders will agree with me. "Fair play is a jewel," and we can surely take care of ourselves without imitating Prussian disregard of it. Parliament is different. No one sihould be sent, there who is not unreservedly with the Empire and against Germany in this war, and there would be no unfairness in asking candi- dates to pledge themselves definitely on that point before supporting 'them. No question of party politics should stand in che way of a clear -understanding on a question of such vast national importance as this. A candidate who is not prepared to give auch^ -a pledge had better remain in private life "'until the times do alter.*' -I am, &c;, T. SCOTT. Murray Bridge, December 26,11W4. Sir-The president of the Lutheran Synod in Australia appears to .be fond of 'addressing messages to the Governor-Gene- ral and the Prime Minister, but, having written a public letter, he cannot complain if his letter is subjected to just and fair criticism. The reverend gentleman makes the assertion that a racial feeling has heen stirred up by the press. Surely this is ba»e ingratitude, for the press has done the very reverse. It has all along deprecated the arousing of racial feeling and has»giyen naturalised Germans every opportunity of replying to animadA-ereions made in its public columns. The reverend gentleman regrets that Great Britain and Germany are fighting against each other. The Kaiser, undoubtedly, also regrets it bitterly. A fair, question is-Does the reverend gentle- man regret that Germany has forced this terrible war upon us, or does he hold the opinion of many of the naturalised Ger- mans of the State that Germany is fight; ing for a.just cause? Does he approve.of the invasion of Belgium and the shelling of English coastal towns and the. massacre of British women and children? Ile says that he prays that the Prince of Feace may give peace to our country. Docs he also hope and pray that the Allies may obtain the victory and that the might and power of Germany may be crushed, or does he hope that Germany may emerge trium- phant? He says the clergy of his,Synod refused to take part in the celebration of the Kaiser's anniversary, because they did not want to arouse the suspicion of their fellow-citizens, but did not the reverend gentleman himself, in the very town in which he lives, extend a public welcome to a representative of the Kaiser, who was paying an official visit to the German Settle-, ments? I happened to be in that toAvn on that very daj-, and know that not a few far-seeing Britons took offence at the Avhole proceedings. May T also ask-Is the reverend gentleman's loyalty impelling him to call upon the members of his congrega- tion to join the Allies' forces and thus help to bring this horrible war to a speedy ter- mination?-I am, &c;, W.- C. WILLOUGHBY. Victor Harbor, December 26, 1914. Sir^-Pastor Nickel, representing ' the Evangelical Lutheran Synod in Australia, has again approached the authorities with an assurance of loyalty. . He is certainly quite at liberty to make these protesta- tions of loyalty in behalf of his followers. But his latest effort,in that direction be- trays a most deplorable lack of that in- trepid spirit of .which-the great reformer. Martin Luther, was so abundantly pos- sessed. His followers are. with the ex- ception of a few aged people, chiefly Aus- tralian born, and therefore entitled to the rights and privileges granted to other mem- bers of the community. Up to the pre- sent time the attitude of the authorities (both Federal and State) towards Genntn Àustralians, leaves nothing to be desired. Therefore humble requests on the part of German-Australians are altogether un- called for. It .is only too true that un -ecrupulous and evil-disposed persous have in vain attempted to induce the authorities to treat not only naturalised Germans, but also Australian-born, as "enemy subjects.*' They actually sought . (unwittingly, of course) to subvert the ver}' principies which have built up and maintained the mighty British Empire. Pastor Nickel, in his message to the Prime Minister, says: -"Although the German language is still used in the service of our congregations, we- do not want to be regarded as a Ger- man church. Our private schools are not German, but »parochial schools, the main object of which is not to teach German, but to give religious-instruction, and to teach the tenets of the great reformer, Martin Luther.'" li he is so very anxious to repudiate everything that is - .German, why does he teach the" language, in his parochial schools? - Does he regard the language as necessary or u«eful in his spirit- ual work? His recital of what took place 75 years ago I consider very objectionable. It cannot possibly int-crest Mr. Fisher, and will not help to convince anyone of the pastor's loyalty. As for myself and my attitude, I will say this-If, in -order to satisfy people as to my loyalty, it is neces- sary for me to crinire to the feet of those in authority, I will much rather suffer my self to be treated as an enemy subject.-» I am, &c;, C. A. DOST. / Sir-The Mayor of Adelaide did quit« right jn refusing the Town Hall for the , purpose of calling a meeting to decide on the dismissal of all German-Austrahana holding Government positions. It cannot be done. "What's in a name?" for that is all the few so-called patriot« are going by. "A. T. Saunders" has done nothing for the country compared Av-rtli what 9ome_ German-Australians nave. Hundreds ol~ them have gone over to fight, and are pre» p-ued to give th-cur lives for England. What I Avould like to ask "A.T.S. is How is it possible to trace every Govern,-1 ment servant of German descent? Sup-< pose they go by the name. A man with a German name whose grandfather, or great-grandfather waî a German loses hi* position because he is of German descent, and Jack Smith or 60ine one Avith an Eng- lish name, Avhopc own mother is a thorough born German, remains in the ser- vice. Do these few narrow-minded mean to say that only those of German names are of German descent? I know" dozens of such cases Avhere German women have married Englishmen. Their son* may retain the Government position, but'a true Britisher who would gladly g ve his life for England, because his name is Ger« man is to be dismissed. What an insult to true British subjects to question their , loyalty Um«*! Why, the_surname of oue good "King is German. Is not he of Ger- man descent? Such talk is an insult to oue King and rulor. I was travelling on a north train last Aveek and a guard vvifeh a German name collected my ticket. Thal guard had sent the youngest of his two , sons with the first contingent to fight foi _ England, and while that son is fighting. *" and perhaps bleeding, for the liberty ol\ "A. T. Saundeis" and others they Avould like to deprive the father of his livelihood here. ?I ara, &c;, TORRENSVILLE 