BRITAIN SWORD IN HAND. HUGE WAR VOTE SOUGHT. GERMAN LINER SUNK NEAR MOUTH OF THAMES. AUSTRALIA'S LOYALTY APPRECIATED. THE CENSORS AT WORK. CABLE MESSAGES DELAYED. News from the theatre of war is still meagre, and, the rigorous press censorship makes it impossible to say definitely whether any big engagements have yet been fought, either on land or sea. The outstanding feature in to- day's messages is the heroic fight Belgium is putting up against the German legions. The inherent patriotism of the people appears to have been aroused by Germany's aggression, and so far success has attended the Belgian arms. As the result of a series of en- counters the invaders appear to have been repulsed, and it is said they will be unable to make a fresh attack on Liege. In England the Imperial Government have given an earnest of their intentions by applying to Parliament for a special war vote of £100,000,000. General Sir Ian Hamilton has been appointed to the command of the Home Army. On Wednesday it was officially announced in London that the British destroyer Amphion had sunk the German liner Koenigin Luise, which it caught approaching the mouth of the Thames for the purpose of laying mines. The vessel went down with all hands. Lord Kitchener, British Consul-General of Egypt, who is at present in Eng- land, has accepted post of Secretary for War and will relieve Mr. As- quith from the duties of the office, which he had hitherto com- bined with those of Prime Minister. Sir Ernest Shackleton, the leader of the pro- posed British expedition to the Antarctic, has offered his services to the King, but his Majesty wishes the expedition to proceed, and it will sail this month for the South. So far as Australia is concerned, keen satisfaction will be expressed at the announcement that Japan has officially announced her intention of standing by her treaty obligations with Britain for the mutual protection of their Asiatic interests. Expressions of loyalty and offers of help continue to pour in from the British over- sea Dominions. Canada has completed arrangements for the despatch of an army corps of 30,000 men to Europe, and it is understood a request has already been re- ceived for its services. The Dominion has also placed two of its cruisers at the disposal of the British Admiralty, and has augmented its fleet by the purchase of two submarines now building for the Chilian Government at Seattle. At Cape Town, great enthusiasm prevails over the war, and all parties are joining issue for the defence of the Empire. Appreciative references to the loyalty of the oversea Dominions were made in the House of Commons on Wednesday, one of the speakers, Lord Lansdowne, remarking that the Empire was a unity indeed. President Woodrow Wilson, of the United States, sitting on Wednesday by the bedside of his dying wife, drafted an appeal to the waring nations to preserve the peace. He has offered to act as mediator, but so far there is no sign that Europe is prepared to harken to his appeal. HEROIC BELGIUM. DEFENDING HER INTEGRITY GERMANS' STUBBORNLY RESISTED. HEAVY FIGHTING ON THE MEUSE. LONDON, August 5, 2 p.m. News of a most sensational character has reached London that Belgium is engaged in active hostilities against Germany. The warning which recently emanated from the Government at Brussels that attempted violation of the country's neutrality would be resisted to the utmost extent by the Belgian forces, has been put into effect. In consequence of the German invasion of her territory, Belgium has rushed into arms, and encouraged by assurances of sup- port by Great Britain, is making a stren- uous effort to prevent the German occupa- tion. This brave little nation is present- ing quite an unexpectedly strong front to the armed hosts of Germany. Keen ex- citement prevails in London, because of the announcement that the Belgian troops are heroically resisting the enemy. Heavy fighting is reported to be in progress along the banks bf the River Meuse, where the advance of the Teutons is being contested. The Meuse is a stream which rises in the Department of Haute-Marne, in France, 16 miles north-east of Langres, traverses the Department or Vosges, where it disappears underground near Bazeilles, and reappears two miles distant, near Neufchateau. In Belgium it passes Dinant, Namur, Huy, and Liege, and thence passes into Hol- land, entering the River Waal below Bom melerwaard. It will be remembered that previous cable messages indicated that the German troops, after massing on the Bel- gian frontier, near the great manufacturing city of Liege, crossed the frontier at Verviers, on the Weser, 13 miles south- east from Liege. FURTHER BELGIAN TOWNS OCCUPIED. BRUSSELS, August 5. The "Brussels Gazette" announces that the 7th and 10th German Army Corps have reached Herve, Pepinster, and Re monchamps, small towns near Verviers, and have fired certain forts on the River Meuse. NAVAL SIGNALLING CORPS. It would bs difficult to say what branch of the service is the most important, but there is no underestimating the value of the work done by the Ktoval Signalling Corps upon whose coolness, skill, and rapidity the lives of so many depend in action. mam ? t<-r, IN THE TRENCHES. Trench work forms an important part of operations in the field. For the greater pr.otection of the men, miles of trenches are thrown up, and behind these the troops crouch, exposing themselves no more than is necessary for the purpose of firing. THE MINISTER FOR DEFENCE. MR. MILLEN. The Head of the Defence Forces in Australia. FIERCE FIGHTING IN BELGIUM. AN HEROIC DEFENCE. LONDON, August 5. An official dispatch from Brussels, dated Tuesday, intimates that fierce fight- ing took place in the environs of Liege at an early hour that morning. The Belgian army repulsed all the Ger- man attacks. No German who passed the forts survived. One Belgian soldier flung himself into the German ranks and was killed, and four of his companions gallantly returned to their comrade's aid. The general situation in Belgium is reported to be excellent. At Fort Liers, four miles north of Liege, a Belgian force routed two regiments of German cavalry, which had crossed the River Meuse, and also prevented the German infantry from crossing. HEAVY GERMAN LOSSES. BRUSSELS, August 6, 12.25 a.m. The War Office reports that the Ger- man losses in the fighting that has taken place have been enormous. The heroism displayed by the Belgian army was superb. Eight hundred wounded Ger- mans are being brought to Brussels. GERMANS COMPLETELY REPULSED. BRUSSELS, August 6. Further details have been received of the fighting around Liege. The Germans built a bridge across the River Meuse at Vise, but it was destroyed by the fire from the Belgian forts. Later on the German cavalry forded the stream above Vise. Reuter's correspondent learns that the Germans have been completely repulsed at Freron and are unable to renew their at- tack on Liege. GERMAN AIRSHIPS IN BEL- GIUM. BRUSSELS, August 4. Three German dirigibles have been seen over Brussels. The district military authorities announce that aviators from Liege have explored the regions which are stated to be invested, and have found no trace of the invaders. GERMANY'S STRATEGIC MOVE. WHY SHE IS PASSING THROUGH BELGIUM. Authorities affirm that Germany's special object in infringing the neutrality of Bel- gium, in addition to having secured a pas- sage for her columns through Luxem- burg, is that such a course secures for her an easier route, and a broader front, en- abling her to manoeuvre a larger army than if she advanced on the line of the Vosges -where her appearance has hitherto been looked for by the strategists who designed the French chain of frontier fortresses covering Toul, and Neufchateau behind it, where the great national concentration of VICE-ADMIRAL SIR JOHN JELLICOE. Who has assumed command of the Home Fleet. the French forces was to take place. For several years past Germany has been constructing railway lines leading from her armed camps in the neighbor- hood of Cologne, Coblentz, and El- senborn right up to the Belgian frontier. There is a strong presumption that the right wing of the German army, to which the Belgians are offering resistance, after passing through Belgium, will enter French territory, at a point 40 or 50 miles to the north-west of Longwy, and will junction in the valley of the Aisne, with the force that has passed through Luxemburg. That will mark the completion of the first stage of the German advance, and the first great battles will possibly take place somewhere near Chalons-unless, of course, the French cross into Belgium, which they are pledged not to do, equally with the Germans. The Kaiser's forces in Southern Alsace are expected to remain on the defensive, and the main attack in France will probably be pushed home in two converging co- lumns, the northern operating through Bel- gium, and the southern through Luxemburg. It is believed by military experts who have studied the position that the cavalry re- giments and horse artillery batteries which are in camp at Elsenborn every year could be well into Belgium within six hours of leaving their base. The main body of the troops for the first rush into that kingdom (says the Sydney "Daily Telegraph") may be expected to march on foot, leaving the Belgian railways to be used for purposes of supply and reinforcements. One way that the Belgians could delay the German advance would be by holding Liege reso- lutely against them, or, if not Liege, then Namur. Strategists consider that it may take the German columns three weeks to thrust aside the opposition likely to be met with in Belgium, and to effect a junction with the columns advancing through Luxemburg. In three weeks, Great Bri- tain might provide effective support for France by means of an expeditionary force, and also by the application of her naval power, in blockading the German North Sea coast and striking a blow at the naval power and also at the commercial necessi- ties of Germany. SINEWS OF WAR. BRITISH GOVERNMENT SEEK HUGE VOTE. HUNDRED MILLIONS ASKED FOR. SPECIAL NOTE ISSUE. LONDON, August 5. 4.20 p.m. The Imperial Government will ask Par- liament to-morrow for a special war vote of a hundred million pounds sterling. In order to relieve the strain on gold the Government will issue pound and ten shilling notes to the amount of three millions sterling on Friday. After that there will be an issue of notes to the amount of five millions sterling daily. GENERAL SIR IAN HAMILTON COMMANDS BRITISH HOME ARMY. LONDON, August 6. It is announced that General Sir Ian Hamilton, who visited Australia and New Zealand recently in his capacity as Inspec- tor-General of the Overseas Forces, will command the British Home Army. GERMAN LINER SUNK BY BRITISH DESTROYER. LONDON, August 5. It is officially announced that the British destroyer Amphion has sunk the Hamburg Amerika liner Koenigin Luise, which was being utilised by the Germans as a mine layer. August 6. It appears that the Amphion caught the Koenigin Luise approaching the mouth of the Thames and torpedoed her. The liner sank with all hands. LORD KITCHENER SECRE- TARY FOR WAR. NATIONALISTS AND ULSTER MEN TO DEFEND IRELAND. PRESS CENSORSHIP OF AUST TRALIAN CABLES. MR. HARCOURT ENQUIRING. LONDON, August 6. Lord Kitchener, British Agent and Con sul-General in Egypt, who is now in Eng land, has accepted the Cabinet's offer of the Secretaryship of War. He will re- lieve Mr. Asquith, who will now be free to give his whole attention to the diplo- matic issues of the present crisis. Lord Kitchener's Egyptian post will be kept open for him. The committee of the Nationalist Volun- teers express their complete readiness to co-operate with the Ulster Volunteers in the defence of Ireland. The Admiralty are converting the Orient Company's liner Ophir into a hospital ship. The press censorship now in force in England eliminates from the messages all references to the movements of troops, warships, and the local forces. Mr. A.C. Carmichael (Minister of Public Instruction in New South Wales) had an interview to-day with the Colonial Secretary (Mr. Lewis Harcourt and protested against the censorship of press cables to Australia. (Continued on Next Page.) Mr.Harcourt replied that he was investi- gating the matter. Mr. Carmichael has cancelled all his engagements, and is pre- paring to return to the Commonwealth at the earliest opportunity. THE DOMINIONS' OFFER OF MEN AND SHIPS. NOT REQUIRED AT PRESENT. LONDON, August 6. Lord Emmott (Under Secretary for the Colonies), replying to-day in the House of Lords to Lord Denman, said there was no immediate necessity to accept the offers of troops made by the overseas Dominions. The Government would not hesitate, how- ever, to accept, if necessary, and they gratefully accepted Australia's offer of her navy. Lord Lansdowne said the offers proved that the British Empire was indeed a great reality. SIR ERNEST SHACKLETON. OFFERS HIS SERVICES TO THE KING. PROFESSOR MARSHALL HALL SAFE. LONDON, August 5. Sir Ernest Shackleton, the celebrated ex- plorer, who had planned to leave this month on an expedition to the Antarctic, has offered his services to the King. His Majesty, however, expressed a wish that Sir Ernest should proceed with his expe- dition and presented him with a silken Union Jack. Professor Marshall Hall, of the Mel- bourne Conservatorium of Music, was among the last batch of passengers who got through safely from Zurich, in Switzer- land. A number of American citizens have pur- chased the steamship Viking. Four hun- dred American passengers now stranded at Liverpool will be conveyed in the vessel to New York. Complete arrangements have been made at Grimsby, in Lincolnshire, to receive the men wounded in any possible naval engage- ment in the North Sea. The school buildings are being utilised as hospitals. THE BRITISH CABINET IMPENDING CHANGES LONDON, August, 5. It is officially announced that Lord Beauchamp, a former Governor of New South Wales, will succeed Viscount Morley as Lord President of the Council. Mr. Walter Runciman (President of the Board of Agriculture) will succeed Mr. John Burns as President of the Board of Trade. The resignation of Mr. C. F. G. Master- man as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancas- ter is denied. Mr. C. P. Trevelyan has resigned his position as Under Secretary to the Board of Education. GERMAN AMBASSADOR TO ENGLAND. PREPARING TO LEAVE. LONDON, August 5. Prince Lichnowsky, German Ambassador in London, has received his passports and will leave Harwich, in Essex, on Thursday on board a British cruiser. N.D.L LINER SEIZED. THE GNEISENAU AT ANT- WERP MANY AUSTRALIANS STRANDED. LONDON, August 5. The Belgian Government have seized the N.D.L. liner Gneisenau at Antwerp, and TO SERYE THEIß COUNTRY WHEN SHE CALLS. The picture shows some So-«ith Australian troops entraining for Port Adelaide. In order to guard the magazines, wireless stations, cable station, and other places from attack by agents of the enemy, a number of men were sent to the chief seaport and Fort Largs this week. turned off the passengers, who include many Australians with return tickets. Some of them experienced great hardships, reaching London almost penniless. The Australian Agents-General are arranging passages for them by English vessels plying to the Commonwealth. OTHER VESSELS CAPTURED GERMANS SUFFER HEAVILY LONDON, August 5. Many German vessels have been seized in British ports. They include the Elfrieda, at Bristol; the steamer Franz- horn and the barque Perkio, at Dover; the steamers Albert and Oliment, at the Tyne; and the Dryad, Warrington, and Belgia, at Newport, in Wales. Several colliers have been seized at Blyth. The Belgia had a party of German reservists on board and also food worth £250,000. A French gunboat has captured the German collier Porto in the English Channel and towed it to Guernsey. PRODUCE FOR LONDON MARKETS NEW ZEALAND MUTTON HELD UP. NEWSPAPERS RUNNING SHORT OF PAPER. LONDON, August 5. The Home and Foreign Produce Ex- change are meeting every two days to fix prices. All grades of butter are now 136/-to 140/- per cwt., except Danish, which is 144/- All Continental supplies of produce are expected to cease at the end of the week. Mr. W. Runciman (president of the Board of Agriculture) has assured the farmers that there is no reason to slaughter their young stock. In the city there is an improved feel- ing, in view of the prospective issue by the Bank of England of notes of smaller denomination. The Hon. T. Mackenzie (High Com- missioner of New Zealand) has asked the Government to include in their scheme of war risks vessels already on the way to the United Kingdom. Many ships with cargoes of New Zealand meat are sheltering in various ports, since the Government's guarantee applies only to vessels sailing after the actual outbreak of war. The newspapers are running short of paper, and the difficulty of obtaining fresh supplies is compelling them to publish small papers. The War Office has commandeered many horses and vehicles and motor cars in London. Most of the members of the automobile clubs in the metropolis have responded to the appeal to place their cars at the disposal of the War Office. BRITISH NOTE ISSUE THE GOVERNMENT'S PRO- POSALS STATEMENT BY MR. LLOYD GEORGE LONDON, August 6. The Chancellor of the Exchequer (Mr. Lloyd George) made a statement to-day in the House of Commons respecting the Government's proposals for a note issue. The issue of small notes, he said, would be purely tem- porary. There had been no failure of the Government's credit, but it was desirable to economise the gold supply. All the notes would be convertible into gold at the Bank of England. There would be a general moratorium for a month in order to leave an ample margin, and to enable trade to adapt itself to the present condi- tions. The bankers already considered themselves in a position to resume normal business and were arranging to furnish money for salaries, wages, and other necessaries The Government were coining additional silver, and it was hoped that the bank rate would shortly be re- duced to 6 per cent. SAFEGUARDING BRITAIN SPIES AND SUSPECTS TO BE ARRESTED LONDON, August 5. The Bill introduced by the Home Secre- tary (Mr. Reginald McKenna) and under which the Government will be able to secure control of dangerous aliens during the progress of the war, has been passed by the House of Commons and received the Royal assent. Mr. McKenna stated, in speaking in sup- port of the measure, that 21 suspects had been arrested within the past 24 hours. Some of them were known to be spies. Four Germans have been remanded at Bow-street in connection with the Earl- field affair. A quantity of memoranda found in their possession was seized. One of the prisoners declared that he had been commander in the German navy. Subsequently the detectives raided seve- ral houses occupied by Germans in London and arrested several persons. They found a number of bombs and rifles in a pork Bow-street in connection with the Earls JAPAN STANDS BY ENG LAND WILL DISCHARGE HER TREATY OBLIGATIONS TOKIO, August 5. The Japanese Foreign Office have issued a statement reiterating the announcement unofficially made that Japan will take all necessary measures to discharge her treaty obligations to Great Britain. CANADA LOYAL TO THE CORE CRUISERS OFFERED FOR SERVICE ANY WHERE. OTTAWA, August 5. The Canadian Government have offered the cruisers Rainbow and Niobe to the British Government for use anywhere within the Empire. The Duke of Connaught, the Governor General, has telegraphed to the King that Canada is united from the Atlantic to the Pacific in its determination to defend the Empire. LOYALTY AT THE CAPE. CAPE TOWN, August 5. There has been a great outburst of patriotism here, and the determination is general to sink party differences and co- operate in the defence of the Empire. AUSTRALIAN FIELD HOSPITAL. BRITISH DOCK HANDS IDLE LONDON, August 5. Sir George Reid (High Commissioner for the Commonwealth), has accorded his warm support to the movement initiated by Lady Dudley for the establishment of an Australian voluntary field hospital. Dr. Douglas Shields will be in charge of the hospital. Considerable financial support has already been accorded the movement. It is estimated that already a quarter of a million dock laborers and other hands employed at British ports have been ren- dered idle. Reports from Gibraltar states that scores of merchantmen have taken refuge there. The German steamers Emir and Adolf have arrived at the Rock as captives. GERMANY AND PEACE AN ATTEMPTED JUSTIFICA- TION BERLIN. August 4. A White Book has just been issued re- ferring to the last stages of the negotia- CADETS WITH THE COLORS. Australia is immensely proud of her cadets, who are being trained in the defence of their country. The illus- tration shows some cadets with the Colors. tions. The Government states:- "We worked shoulder to shoulder with England in mediation with Vienna We forwarded the British proposal that Austria ought, after her invasion of Servia, to dictate her conditions there. We had been assured that Russia would accent this as a basis, yet while efforts for mediation were being supported by British diplomacy, there came constantly increasing reports of Russia mobilising. This was in full progress, though repeatedly and solemnly denied. The Kaiser called the Czar's attention to the menacing character of Russia's action. The Czar replied. "I thank thee from the bottom of my heart for thy mediation, which leaves a gleam of hope that even now the act may end peacefully. It is tech- nically impossible to discontinue military operations, owing to Austria's mobilisation but that the troops will take no provo- cative action while the negotiations con tinue, I give thee my word" The Kaiser replied:- The mobilisation has rendered mediation nearly illusory, but I have continued negotiations with Vienna. It still lies in thy power to avert a world calamity. Russia could well have awaited the result of my mediation." BRITISH WIRELESS. ADMIRALTY CONTROL ES TABLISHED. MERCHANTMEN REQUISI- TIONED FOR WAR. GERMAN SPY ARRESTED. LONDON, August 4. Admiralty control has been established over the British wireless service, and all vessels must dismantle their installations on arrival in port. All private wireless stations, except those engaged in the trans- action of public business, have been closed. A proclamation has been issued authoris- ing the requisition of British merchantmen for naval purposes. There were impressive scenes at all the railway-stations in the kingdom to-day, when the regulars, the territorials, and naval reservists entrained for the various ports. Tremendous en- thusiasm prevailed at Bristol, where thou- sands farewelled the naval reservists. It is alleged that a foreign spy has been arrested at the Admiralty wireless station near Grimsby. He is supposed to be a German officer. In the struggle prior to his arrest Private Filbert was bayoneted in the leg. PARIS QUIET. GERMANS FLOCKING TO AMERICAN CONSULATE. FORTY-TWO SPIES AR- RESTED. PARIS, August 5. The streets of Paris are peaceful. Most of the able-bodied men have gone to the front. Numbers of peacefully-disposed Germans are flocking to the American Consulate, where they are endeavoring to make ar- rangements to get home. The authorities are sending them to towns in the west of France, where they will remain till the war is over. Forty-two spies have been arrested since Saturday. The Germans have shot 17 Alsatians who were endeavoring to cross the frontier at Mulhausen. A GOVERNMENT PRO- CLAMATION. LONDON, August 4. A proclamation has been issued prohibit- ing the exportation of articles useful for naval and military purposes. The Govern- ment have announced that they will guar- antee war risks on wheat and flour shipped from Atlantic and Canadian ports under existing contracts, a list of which is to be supplied within 48 hours. The premiums are to be paid by the importer and charged against the eventual receiver. It is under- stood that this step has been taken in order to secure 64,000,000 bushels of Canadian wheat. A White Paper has been issued con- tinuing the report of the subcommittee of Imperial Defence on the insurance of ship- ping in wartime. It recommends that the State should reinsure 80 per cent, of risks. DAUGHTERS OF THE EMPIRE. OFFER HOSPITAL SHIP TO THE EMPIRE. PRICES OF FOODSTUFFS RISING. TORONTO, August 4. The Canadian Order of the Daughters of the Empire have decided to offer a hospital ship to the British Empire. The retail prices of foodstuffs are already rising throughout Canada. The Dominion Parliament have been summoned to meet on August 18 The censorship of news from Canada is very severe. All cables to London news- papers have been stopped, lest they should give details of the Canadian pre- parations for war. CHANGE IN FRENCH CABINET. PROHIBITION REMOVED AGAINST IMPORTATION OF MEAT. PARIS, August 4. M. Doumergue, the late Premier, will relieve M. Viviani at the Foreign Minis- try. M. Augagnem has been appointed Minister of Marine. A decree has been issued removing the prohibition against the introduction of fresh meat of foreign origin. GERMAN ACTIVITY IN CHINA WATERS. TIENTSIN, August 4. A German cruiser is pursuing the Nor- wegian steamer Tungus which is convey- ing foodstuffs to the Russian port of Vladivostock. The Germans have de- tained the British steamer Ningpo at Thingtao, Kiaochou. GERMANY'S ULTIMATUM TO BELGIUM. COVERT THREAT AGAINST THE CONGO. LORD KITCHENER RE- CALLED. LONDON. August 4, 6.15 a.m. Germany's ultimatum promises Belgium. if her wishes are granted, to maintain the independence of Belgium and her posses- sions. The "Daily Mail" sees in this an im- plied threat to seize the Congo in the event of a refusal. Count Lichnowsky has been authorised to deny that Germany first invaded France, and to state that, on the con- trary, French troops crossed into Ger- many. Lord Kitchener had embarked on the Calais steamer en route for Egypt, but was recalled by telegram and returned. The "Daily- Chronicle" states that Ger- many's theory of war is to make her plans years ahead. Nothing is left to improvisation, and probably the plan of crossing Belgium was made long ago, when Anglo-German hostility was an axiom. ''It is a tragic irony." says the writer, '"that an inelastic chain of such character as the connection of the two States with their respective allies should entail a collision between Great Britain and Germany." STRANDED AMERICANS. TO BE CONVEYED HOME AUSTRALIANS HELD UP IN CANADA. WASHINGTON, August 4, 11.5 p.m. The United States Government are char- tering all the vessels possible to carry 20,000 Americans now stranded in Europe home. Owing to the cancellation of the sailing of the steamer Niagara from Vancouver, scores of Australians and New Zealanders are unable to leave Canada. GERMANY WILL RESPECT HOLLAND'S NEUTRALITY. THE HAGUE, August 4. The German Minister has given a posi- tive assurance that Germany will respect the Netherlands neutrality, provided it be strictly observed. STATE OF WAR PRO- CLAIMED. THE HAGUE, »August 6. A state of war has been proclaimed in portion of Holland. TURKEY CAUTIOUS. DARDANELLES AND BOSPHORUS CLOSED. CONSTANTINOPLE, August 5. With the idea of preserving the neutra- lity of Turkey the Porte has given orders for the closing of the Bosphorus and the Dardenelles, the northern and southern entrances to the Sea of Marmora. RICE EXPORT TRADE STOPPED. BATAVIA, August 5. The export of rice from Java has been stopped. It is reported that the German cruiser Geier stopped the Dutch liner Houtman at sea and searched her. The vessel was voyaging from Australia. WOOL AND PRODUCE. SALES POSTPONED. "Elder's Weekly Review," dated August 5, contains the following notice:-Owing to the war the Australian wool sales will no doubt be postponed. Under these cir- cumstances it may be advisable for the growers to keep their wool on their own properties until further notice. This also applies to skins, hides, etc., which are prac- tically unsaleable at the present time." AUSTRALIANS IN ENGLAND A HELPFUL ARRANGE- MENT. Many persons in Australia have felt anxiety as to the whereabouts of their relative who are in the Motherland. The Minister of External Affairs informed us on Thursday that he had given instruc- tions, by cable from Melbourne, to the High Commissioner to afford opportunities as far as possible to Australians resident in the old country to get into communica- tion with their friends here if necessary, or, at all events, to enable their whereabouts to he known. Mr. Glynn added-"I do not know that we can do much in that re- spect, but there may be emergency cases to which this arrangement would specially, apply. Otherwise there is no real reason for anxiety." THE STATE'S CO-OPERATION APPRECIATED BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. The Premier has received the following reply to the wire he sent to the Prime Minister:- "Much appreciate your kind wire, offering co-operation, and, if neces- sary, we shall not hesitate to avail our- selves of it." AUSTRALIA'S LOYALTY. APPRECIATION IN THE MOTHERLAND. WHAT SIR GEORGE REID SAYS. The Minister of External Affairs (Hon. P. McM. Glynn), on Thursday morning, received a cable message, dated August 4, from the High Commissioner (Sir George Reid), stating that the patriotic speeches of both Federal leaders (Mr. Cook and Mr. Fisher), and the splendid offer of naval and military assistance to Great Britain made by the Commonwealth Go- vernment, had been received with the greatest enthusiasm in London. Arrange- ments had been made by the High Com- missioner to facilitate the enrolment in London of Australians in England who desired to offer their services to the Imperial forces, and the High Commis- sioner's office will be the non-military headquarters for that purpose. AUSTRALIA'S INTERESTS. THE TERRITORY AND PAPUA. MR. GLYNN COMMUNICATES WITH MELBOURNE. , A representative of "The Advertiser" called on the Minister of External Affairs at 11.20 this morning, and Mr. Glynn stated that he had just previously been communicating by telephone with his de- partment in Melbourne, giving instructions as to administrative matters, especially in relation to the Northern Territory and Papua, arising out of the crisis. He stated that he had made enquiries as to how mat- ters stood, and had been informed that there was nothing fresh to communicate,, with regard to the war. He added that at present he did not see any necessity to return to Melbourne this week. QUEEN'S STATUE DECORATED. ENTHUSIASTIC LOYALTY OF WATTLE LEAGUE With characteristic enthusiasm members of the Wattle Day League approached the Government and obtained permission to decorate the statue of the late Queen Victoria in Victoria-square. In one hand of the statue a laurel wreath, signifying victory was placed, and in the design of Australia a clever decoration of wattle and ivy erected, betokening the Common- wealth's clinging loyalty to England. GUARDING MURRAY BRIDGE RESIDENTS EXPRESS ALARM ASSURANCE FROM MAJOR BRAND. On Thursday afternoon the Murray Bridge correspondent of "The Advertiser" wired to Adelaide to the effect that residents had expressed alarm and surprise that the military authorities had not ordered the close guarding of the bridge over the river, in view of the fact that it was the main avenue of communication with the eastern States. The telegram pointed out that almost the whole of the State's roll ing-stock was on the Adelaide side of the bridge, and that if the structure was de- stroyed they could not get their food, ammunition, or forces across. Major Brand was immediately commu- nicated with regarding the matter, and stated that they had not lost sight of any danger that lay in that direction. (Continued on next page.) CANCELLATION OF CAMPS STATEMENT BY MAJOR BRAND. Major Brand stated on Thursday after toon that - no further mobilisation orders *ad that day been receive* from Mel Vourne. All arrangements for camps and exercises had been cancelled, but the com- pulsory training of cadets under the De- fence Act would continue. The camp of the 22nd Light Horse at Bordertown had also been declared off. PATRIOTIC UNIVERSITY STUDENTS. Aibout 50 students of the Adelaide Uni- versity, headed by a man carrying a big Union Jack, paraded the principal streets of the.city on Thursday afternoon.- CarryT ing their hats in tíheir hands, they sang lus- tily the National Anthem, the Song of Australia, and at intervals gave loud cheers for his Majesty the King. MUSICIANS OFFER SERVICES. Mr. H. H. Sando (secretary of the South Australian Musicians' Association) has re- ceived" from Mr. O'Brien (general secre- tary-of the Musicians' Federation) saying th-afr he had offered to the Federal Govern ment'the services of all musicians who had had" any military training. Local . men who desire to send in their names can do BO by communicating with Mr. Sando. About 2,000 musicians in Melbourne and Sydney have responded to an appeal in those cities. MEW ZEALANDERS ACTIVE. MANNING THE FORTS. Wellington, August 6. A hundred members of the Otago naval rolnnteers have volunteered to man the Ports and afford relief to the regular trooçe if necessary, Yachtsmen are also »ffering to form a corps of harbor patrol "WE ÁSE BRITONS'." MR. COOK'S MESSAGE. "Melbourne, August 5. Tie-following message to the people .of the Commonwealtk was issued by the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook) to-night:-"We bave just to sit -tight now and see the ¿hing through. Whatever the difficulty and whatever the cost, we must be. steadfast in our determination. Our resources are great, and the British spirit is not dead. We owe it io those who have gone before to pre- serve the great fabric of British freedom and hand, it on to our children. Our ances- tral home is the repository of the great liberties, great traditions, and great pieties, and on our very lives we must cherish them. Our duty is quite clear, namely, to gird up our loins and remember that we »re Britons." WAITING FOR THE NEWS. IN FRONT OF "THE ADVER frS'Êrï^OFFrC'E.'^ Börne indication of the intense interest which is taken in Adelaide in the impend- ing struggle in Europe is afforded' by the ' crowd which gathers around "The Adver tisér', Office nightly. As the war cloud banging over Europe becomes darker and darker the number of persons who conjrre gate in the street at night grows rapidly. They stand there for hours, and "several policemen are required to keep the foot- path clear. Last night thousands of men and women were waiting eagerly for the 9.30 o'clock edition of "The Express," and they "simply overwhelmed the vendors when it caine out So anxious'were the people for the latest news that they left the street and worked their way round to the door by which the boys with the papers leave the 'building. . Seldom has such excitement been witnessed in Adelaide. In a few minutes thousands of papers were sold. In addition to the thousands of pedestrians there were horse vehicles and motor cars. Boon after the edition appeared the crowd oegan to meit away. The people glanced through the cables and then, jumping on to the tramcars, hurried home to tell their friends of the latest developments. WHAT RIFLEMEN MUST DO. FIRST STAGE OF MOBILI- SATION. The form issued to riflemen in connec- tion With 'the first stage of mobilisation directing members of rifle clubs to hold thembelves in 'readiness for active service, instructa the men to have the following .rüdes ready to take .with them to the regimental depot of the 76th Infantry and ultimately to the depot at the place of . mobilisation:-"One rifle, 2 uniforms (one in wear!, two pairs of socks (woollen, one In wear), two flannel shirts (one in wear), two-towels, knife, fork, spoon, tin or tnamèlled plate and pannikin, one piece of wap," 'one Tiousewiie,' with needles and thread arid spare buttons, one toothbrush and powder, one hairbrush and comb, razor and brush for men who shave." The rifle- men allotted to a mounted unit and in possession'" of a horse are told to bring same with them, together with a saddle and bridle. A further note reads:-"Before leaving . home provide yourself with a cooked ration, and, if bringing a horse, also with one horéefeed, the ration and horse feed being for use in case of emergency daring your journey." These orders have been issued through the captains of the variou» clubs to the members. i TASMANIA« . *. ?,. - Hobart, August 5. In view of the- present war crisis the Ministerial organ here, the **Daily Post," states that there is nothing to prevent the resnmntoning of the Federal Parliament »ixcept. constitutional cobwebs that can be swept -aside. An Act of the Imperial Par- liament might be necessary to resurrect a Parliament that is constitutionally dead, but such an Act would only cost a cable- gram and an hour in the Imperial Parliar jaent. . ' Mr. Barclay, manager of the Commercial ' Bank, states that there ia nothing to justify a financial panic They were in a stronger position than ever. Should, however, a crisis arrive, the Commonwealth Bank tfould have to assist. The North' Farrell mine has closed down, owing to the inability of the company to realise on its ore. A request iras preferred to the Government for assistance to cover actual working expenses pending settlement of trouble. The Minister of Mines said that was one of several companies similarly situated. He-believed hundreds of men would be thrown out of employment, but the Government were going to push on WAR OF THE FIVE POWERS. This map of the five Great Nations, who are now at war, will be found of considerable usefulness for reference. Attention may be directed to, the positions occupied by Belgium, Luxemburg, and Hdiffictilt task of entering France across the almost imand through which Germany seeks to force her way, in order to avoid the more olland -as buffer States between Germany and Prance, pregnable Franco - German frontier. - . public works throughout the State in order to aid men over the trouble. The German timber steamer, Oberhausen, was loading timber at Port Huon., A com ]>any of naval reserves were sent down to prevent her putting to sea, but her skipper evidently feared something of the land, as he put to sea an hour before the arrival of j the reserves» MoomiriNEsr CLOSED DOWN AT,. MID- NIGHT. ' A THOUSAND MEN" OUT OF WORK. PRICE OF FOOD RAISED. STREETS THRONGED WITH ANXIOUS PEOPLE. Kadina, August 0. Following on the notices issued by the board of directors of the Wallaroo and Moonta Mining Company that operations would have to be curtailed at an early date, comes the actual suspension of almost all operations. The pumps and engines will be kept going so that no damage to the workings may result from rising water. Practically the whole of the other surface workers, together with the day workers from underground, ceased work at midnight last night. The underground contractors Will, on making their stopes secure; cease work, the company giving the contractors the option of taking a full settlement foi the work done to date and terminating the contract or of coming back to their employ- ment on the resumption of operations. The sudden cessation of operations has thrown about a thousand men out of employment here, and this morning the streets are throngexl with.men eagerly discussing the situation. The careful housewives, anticipating a prolonged struggle, are making provision against probable shortages in food supplies, and brisk business m foodstuffs has re- sulted. Prices of these commodities have be-en raised, much to the disgust of the consumer. . STATEMENT BY THE SECRETARY. On Thursday afternoon the secretary of the Wallaroo and Moonta Mining and Smelting Company (Mr. D. Davidson) stated that the closing of the works was being proceeded with, and would probably be completed in about ten days' time. Al- together about 1,600 men will be affected. AUSTRALIA ON GUARD. MARCH OF THE 76th. PATRIOTIC FERVOR. On Thursday the mobilisation of the 76th Infantry and the subsequent march of the troops down the Port-road and on to Fort Largs evoked outbursts of patriotic fer- vor. Hearing that the various companies were on the march down the Port-road, Mr. J. W. Caire (an ex-mayor) visited the Port Adelaide and »Albert Pubho Schools, and suggested to the respective headmasters (Messrs. W. 5\ Bennett and A. Hardy) that they should permit the school children to parade near the line of march and get the school bands to JP^av. His suggestion was adopted. Mr. Hardy had his scholars and band ready at the side of the Port-road, and as the battalion approached the band pla>ed the "Song of Australia," whilst other children waved Union Jacks, and at the same time cheered lustily. The outburst received a ready response from the khaki-clad men. The Alberton School Drum and Fife Band thon headed the marching body and led it to the vicinity of tho Recha- bite Hall in Portland, where the Port Adelaide detachment was stationed in readiness to join in ¿he march. _ To the stirring tune of ' Onward, Christian Sol- diers," many of the spectators who wit- nessed the spectacle gave vent to their feeling in hearty cheers. The Port Ade- j laide school children cheered lustily, and the school band struck up a lively hine. The Alberton Band here drew away from the head of the marching body, and the Port »Adelaide school bund' took its nlace. The Port Adelaide Company followed the main body. The .Port school band marched in- front until the inter- section of Commercial- road wjth St. Vin-, cent-Street "was feäfched, when it drew out. Down St. Vincent-street the troops swung - to the accompaniment of cheers.. Everybody was out of shops and houses to watch the men go by. It was the first local evidence of war, and engendered a feeling of pride and lovaltv. At Jervois bridee the infantry wore joined by the Medical Corps, and at the intersection of Semaphore and Woolnough roads the main body was joined by the Semaphore H Company, who greeted their comrades in-arms with vociferous hurrahs. Down Woolnough-road the long line of khaki clad soldiers marched on to Fort Largs, where they entered camp. The Y.M.CA.,will be represented at Fort Largs and go into -camp with the -76th In- fantry. Mr. Gordon Green will he in émarge. The Y.M.C.A. marquee, Which wili provide writing and other faeálities for the troops, will no doubt be much" appreciated. MOTORISTS OFFER SERVICES. Kalgoorlie, August 5. The Goldfields Motor Club at a meeting to-night unanimously passed a resolution to offer their services to the Common- wealth Government in any capacity. PRAISE FOR THE NAVY. GOVERNOR-GENERAL IM- PRESSED. 1 Melbourne, »August 5. The Governor-ííeneral has addressed the following communication to the Minister of Defence with a request that it be trans- mitted to the fleet and the shore establish- ments:-"I should like to express after what I-saw at Sydney and what I know has been done at Melbourne, my apprecia- tion of the splendid work done and being done by the crews and establishments of the Royal Australian Navy at this crisis, arid to express, my admiration at the fine way in which the hard and pressing work of_preparation has been carried out." r The Minister desires also to express his ' great satisfaction at the smoothness with which the sudden demands upon the fleet and the establishments have been met. THE FINANCIAL POSITION. <<N0 NEED FOR ANXIETY." Melbourne, August C. . The leader of the Opposition (Mr. Fisher) was advised immediately on the receipt of tile cable annouuemg the declaration of war, and he has assured the Government thair the Opposition will support them in eil measures tail*»" on behalf of the mother country and se »testing Commonweialth interests. Jfjt? jtion has been given-by the Federal uoT^rnmet to the financial situation with a-view to providing for any emergency. The Prime Minister expresses the opinion that there need be no 'anxiety whatever on this score. ''Australia is in >a thoroughly sound financial position/' Jie says," and the measures the Government have decided upon will meet any. occasion likely to anse." There is no need, he thinks, for any exceptional mea- sures, as the resources at the disposal of the Government are quite adequate to deal with the situation, as it may develop. He has watched with interest the steps taken in other countries, and Australian considerations are. in his opinion, different from those of European countries, and he feels confident that no difficulty will be found in meeting the circumstances as they arise. ON GUARD 17 THE PORT. A WARNING TO PROWLERS. On Thursday night Major Brand stated that the troops at the Port in cbarge of the wireless station, cable station, and maga7ines,'had been served with ball am- munition. He did not -\wh to cause any alarm, he «aid, but he gave this intimation m order to warn prowlers off these places. Major Brand added that this was the first opportunity the military authorities had had to put into practice the arrangements made in peace titties, and it would enable tliem-to pick out the weak points". AUSTRALIA UNITED. MANY OFFERS OF ASS1S * , TANCE. Melbourne, 'August 6. All the State Governments have noti- fied their full co-operation with the Com- monwealth' Government, their intention to .render everv assistance in their -power, and generally to .place unreservedly all their, resources at the service of the Com- monwealth ' and the Mother Country. The Amalgamated Wireless Australasia, Limited,,-, and Shaw Wireless Company, have each offered to place all their men, apparatus and equipment at the service of the Commonwealth Government. The executive of the Motor Traders' Associa- tion of Xew. South Wales has unanimous- ly carried a resolution expressing its un- swerving .loyalty to the British Empire, and places at the disposal of the Govern- ment all the resotrces of the association. .A.M.A. AGAINST WAR. A RUN 0N~THE BANK.. Broken Hill, August 5. Business, as the result of the crisis, ia almost at a standstill, and a rise in price3 is looked for. The butchers propose to dis- continue the1 cart service in favor of counter work. All classes of tradespeople propose to demand cash payments. About a hundred men have volunteered for the expeditionary contingent. ' * Tlie A.M.A., at a meeting last night, carried the following resolution:-"That this meeting of the A3Í.A. views with re- gret and sorrow the armed hostilities of the leading nations of Europe, and we re- gard the present war as a display of civi- lised savagery and a reversion to barbarism «engineered by the financial interests of Europe to suit their own ends;_ and, fur- ther, we protest against the action of "Mr. Cook in ofi*ering troops to Britain, thereby making Australians active participants in the war. We further protest against any mobilisation of Australian troops for the purpose of taking part in the war; and we further approve of the action of Kcir Ilardie and other anti-militarists in trying i to prevent war; and we send our fraternal greetings to the workers of all nations, and we suggest that the boodlers who want war should fight it, as the workers have no interest in butchering each other." There was another run on the State Savings Bank to-day, despite official as- surances that all depositors were safe- guarded. REGULATING PRICES. IMPORTANT STATEMENT BY PREMIER, STATE AND FEDERAL GOVERNMENTS CONFERRING EFFECT ON PUBLIC SERVICE His Excellency the Governor (Sir Henty Galway) met his ministers in Executive Council on Thursday morning, and siibsc-l qnently the Ministers met in Cabinet to] discuss the situation. At the conclusion] of the meeting the Premier (Hon. A. II.' Peake) made the following impor than statement:-"The Government are endeavoring to arrange a conference between the Primo" Minister and State Premiers on Wednesday ne\t in Melbourne with a view to dis- cussing questions arising out of the pre- sent crisis. One of the questions will be the best means to ensure that necessaries of life shall be available for the commu- nity at a reasonable cost! In the opinion of the Government there is no excuso for a serious rise in such commodities as meat, flour, sugar, butter, jams, or other pro- duce, which is produced locally, and which for the moment cannot be exported. Sub- ject to tile result of the proposed con- ference, the Government will not hesitate to seek the fullest powers to check any attempt in this direction. Those depend- ing upon small means will have sufficient troubles to face without having an undue and unnecessary increase added to their cost of living. It is confidently hoped that our business people will meet tha position patriotically. Throughout the service (including railways), every attempt will bo made to keep'men in partial em- ployment at least, with special considera- tion for married men. MOTOR CAR~ INDUSTRY. PETROL AN UNCERTAIN- ITEM. , The manager of one of the "leading motor car firms in »Adelaide saidAon, Tnursday with reference to pricestr^&Tjjere; has been no alteration so far, but TVe'do not know what the future has in store^for'-us. Some shipments were coming out to us on Ger- man bottoms, but yesterday we received advice that they lind been diverted to a neutral port in Batavia. One of these, the Stolberg, had got as far as Fremantle, and then made off. Generally speaking, however, we expect for tbe time being to be able to meet demands. The only diffi- culty may be in the case of petrol if the Admiralty should decide to take charge of the stocks. Of course, if tbe wax is pro- longed and the meclianics are called out for active sen-ice, no one can-foresee the re- sult. We have a fair supply of stuff coming to hand from Great Britain on Eng- lish bottoms." RUBBER NOT MUCH AFFECTED. GOOD SUPPLIES ON HAND. The representative of one of the princi- pal rubber firms said he had had no noti- fication that prices in that trade-were to be either raised or lowered. They would be affected to a certain extent in their contracts. Supplies had been coming for- ward from month to month in order to keep up as fresh a supply of rubber as pos- sible, and the supply no' doubt would be jeopardised by the war. but perhaps not sufficiently to inflate prices.' There were at present good quantities in Adelaide of tyres and such articles as tennis and golf balls, and be believed the same applied to the other depots in AnstraBa. During the last day or two there lad'been a big de- mand for all lines by people who were anxious to get in a supply. QUEENSLAND WÎLL TAKE ACTION. . Brisbane, August .6. The Queensland Cabinet to-day discussed the matter of the supply and prices of foodstuffs in view of the European crisis. The Premier (Mr. Denham) said the Cabinet had agreed thai steps should be taken to regulate the prices of foodstuffs. He was sending urgent telegrams to the i'remiers of the other States suggesting concerted action. He was also ascertain- ing the prices. of food on August 1 and the prices to-day, aud what reason migbt account for increases. It seemed to bim that the only course would be for the Commonwealth to issue orders or regula- tions. LABOR AT THE MINES. If all the mjces at the Barrier close down it will place about 8,570 men out of work, in addition to 1,672 at Wallaroo. These figures are independent of those em- ployed at Port Pirie. The following are the numbers of hands employed at the various mineas:-Broken Hill Proprietary, 1.495; South, 1,394; North, 1,047; Central, Í)S¿; British, 917; Zinc Corporation, 8G9; Tunction North, GSi; Debavay, 410; Block Ten. 391; Block 14, 250; Silverton Tram- way, 130; Wallaroo mines, 1,059; Walla- roo ícmelting works, 200; Me>onta mines, 353; total, 10,242. GERMANS IN SOUTH AUS- TRALIA. WILL FIGHT FOR BRITAIN. MR. DUHSFS~ASSURANCE OF LOYALTY. For more than half an hour on Thursday evening members of the Council of St. Peters talked about the wax, and ex- pressed their loyalty to the King. Mr. O. H. Dulist, M.P., took advantage of the [opportunity to say tlu>t be is no longer | a German, but a "Britisher. In a speech which w'as tiequently interrupted by cheers, he said:--All those citizens of South Australia of German parents, born under the" Union Jack, and those barn in Germany, but now naturalised British subjects, will rally round the Union Jack. Germans in Australia have proved their estimable qualities for many years, and »instralia knows that they have the strength of character to take the right attitude in this terrible trial. As Aus- tralians, and. indirectly, British subjects, with all their interests centred in the Commonwealth, they, will carry out their; oath of allegiance with teat fidelity which is inculcated into their minds from their earliest childhood. The most absolute re- liance can be placed on their devotion to their home under the Southern Cross, and it would be an unpardonable insult even to suggest the contrary. Our German fellow-citizens are, always have been, and ever will be, loyal and devoted to the land of their adoption-Australia. _ We are a mixed community in Australia, but no matter what stock we may have come from originally, we are all permeated with the thought to assist the great Motherland to uphold her glorious traditions of liberty, 'humanity ,and justice. Alderman Bradley, an Irishman, said that the stand taken by Mr. John Bedmond, the. leader of the Irish Nationalists in the House of Com- mons, had won the unstinted praise and admiration of all Britons. The suspen- sion of the riome Rule dispute was a fine example of the unity of the whole Em- pire. Councillor Ihihst moved. Councillor Ford seconded, and the council agreed, on be- half of the ratepayers, to place on record its unswerving loyalty to hie Maiesty the King and the British Empire in this hour of trial, and to forward a copy of the resolution to his Excellency the Gover- nor. THE DEUTSCHER VEREIN. At a special committee meeting of the S.A. Allg. Deutscher Verein a resolution was passed unanimously that, on behalf of their members, they should express their loyalty as British subjects to this State and the British Empire, and give their loyal support to King George "V. in this grave crisis, xney thankfully acknowledged the freedom they enjoyed as Australians under British rule. POSITION IN AUSTRALIA. Melbourne, August 6. Mr. Cook, after consultation with the Commonwealth Statistician, says:-"Aus- tralia's supplies of food wiü carry her long beyond -the time that a war between the Great Powers can possibly last. Enquiries have revealed the fact, lie says, that Aus- tralia is uncommonly well situated as re- gards food supplies. Her wheat supplies would enable her to last for a long time beyond the incoming harvest. The same remark applies to cereals generally. In wheat alone she bas ten months' supply, and in oats and maize quantities not far snort of this. Potatoes would last for the best part of half a year, and certainly for more than four months. Butter and cheese would last over twelve months, and sugar the same. Jt is needless to say that in cattle, sheep, and pigs the resources are enormous, and probably no country in the world is anything like so well pro- vided. Eor any scare to exist in such cir- cumstances is little short of ridiculous." NEW ZEALAND. OFFERS FOR SERVICE. Wellington, August 6. Many applications have been received lately from foreigners seeking naturalisa- tion, but all have been held in abeyance. Meanwhile the mobilisation of the expedi- tionary force is proceeding steadily, and there is a great rush of applicants for ser- vice abroad. The Banking Act was fur- ther amended, enacting that all gold at tempted-to be exported without the autho- rity of the Finance Minister become for- feit to the King. PREPARING FOR WAR FOR SIX YEARS." AN AUSTRALIAN'S VIEWS. An Australian, who has been abroad for some years, and whose duties took him through most of the European countries and iiito the Balkan States at the time of hostilities there, returned to Adelaide a few days ago, "Some European countries have been actively preparing for war for the past five or ax years," he said, when interviewed last night, "and it was au open secret that war was inevitable sooner or later, and that two nations-Germany and Russia-were going to test their strength. As Austria-Hungary is an ally of Germany, the dual monarchy has always been op nosed to tlie Slav States, or the Balkans, and Russia has been determined at all co.«ts to btand by these bttle nations. The Germans contended that the Russians were arming for no other purpose than to crash them, and Austria-Hungary also, and that I it was therefore necessary for them to pre- paro for all emergencies. Without doubt, Germany has 'been compelling Austria- Hun- gary to spend as much as she possibly could afford in strengthening her army and in building up a navy. The Anstrians ap- pear to have taken no exception to the do- rn and« of Germany in this respect, but Hungary, being, as one might say, of a different nationality, and «peaking a diffe rent language, has not taken kindly to Ger- many's requirements. This is so much so that I would not be at all surprised if Hungary is separated from Austria again, either during or at the end of the present war. Hungary is more sympathetic with .Great Britain 'than with the country ix> which tshe is connected." The gentleman," who expressed a desire that his'name be.not disclosed publicly, had become intimate with officers in the Anstro-Hurigarian army "and other foreig- ners, and is well qualified to express an opinion. "Another matter of importance,''' he added, "is the fact that Germany, Aus- tria- Hungary, and the Balkan States have been suffering from what might be called war fever.- Men there have thougbt of and talked about nothing else but war for seve- ral years, and they seem to have thought tbat their duty was to prepare'for war-and fight to test their strength. Those coun- tries to which I have referred are mili- tary-ridden, and the military party «eem to bave lost their heads in their desire to give expression to their feelings. This war will probably be swift and furious, and the map of Europe may be considerably al- tered. Perhaps it will bear alteration in the interests of the world'« peace. This war is likely to bring forth mighty sur- prises,-as-great..plans of conquest baye been made under the cloak of Christianity and peace." AN AVIATWS' OFFER. Mr. J. E. .Bailey, the Melbourne avi- ator, who Ihas invented a stabiliser for increasing the safety of aviators, has of- fered "his invention and bis services to the Commandant of South Australia. MT. Bailey came to Adelaide, intending to proceed to London to offer liis inven- tion to the Military Department, but cvwing to the outbreak of -war he de- cided not to go. MOVEMENTS"!3F GERMAN STEAMERS. -The .German 'Steamer Gricïwald, from Hamburg, which arrived at Perth' on Thursday, and was seized by the authori- ties at that, port, has' on board a con- siderable quantity of Continental goods, 'notably 'chemicals, booked for the Ade- laide market. . If the goods are not delivered merchants will be greatly in- convenienced. The steamer Stolberg, also frccm Hamburg, at Fremantle some days back, had also large shipments of goods for the eastern State. The steamer Roon left Colombo on Monday last with over 1,000,000 lb. of tea for Australian ports, but the delivery of the cargo at the ports it was destined for -is "hardly expected. TROOPS MOBILISED. The mobilisation of the 76th Infantry. 10th Garrison Artillery, and A Section of the Army Medical Corps were decided upon by the Staff Office as soon as definite news of the declaration of war had been received. Orders were issued by Major Brand, and were carried out at Port Adelaide in the evening. The troops responded with alacrity, and their muster at the appointed rendezvous was watched with intense interest. Cheers rent the air as the 76th marched away to Fort Largs, where a camp 'has been formed un- der war auspices. Barb wire entangle- ments have -been erected around the forti- fication, and the fort brought up to a war footing. NAVAL MEN MUSTERING. Reserve M, A and B class, Reserve 0, Adults Nos. 1 and 2 Companies have been directed to report themselves at the Naval Office, Largs Bay, for immediate duty. By this morning all the men required are ex- pected to ¡be in readiness for whatever duty they may be called upon to render. An armed party was in charge of the German steamer Sdharzfels at Port Adelaide last nigiht. PATRIOTIC P0RTON1ANS. At the social to Mr. and Mrs. -W. W. Leslie in the Foresters* Hall, Port Ade- laide on Wednesday evening the chair- man (Mr. J. H. Sinclair. SJ.I.), in open- ing the proceedings, said the time was most opportune to refer to the position in which the old land was placed. While all would deplore the war, and the fact that from their own homes their sons were being called out to go they knew not where, all would tender their sympathy and patrio- tism in defence of their great Empire. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Sinclair's call upon the as- semblage to sing the National Anthem was responded to with great fervor. FOR KING AND COUNTRY.1 ENTHUSIASM AT MOUNT GAMBIER. Mount Gambier, August 6. Tile effects of the war have already ibeen felt here. The price of flonr has increased 10/ per ton, and a further advance in values is almost certain. No instructions have been reserved to close down the Bor- der Preserving Works, birt the manager (Mr. A. I. Bagot) has been advised to re- duce operations. It is understood that the officers com- manding the local militia and captains of district rifle -clubs have received sealed orders from the authorities, which are to be put in operation. On the receipt of tile notiie at the local railway station last night the whole railway staff, numbering about 60, assembled at the station, sang the National Anthem, and gave cheers for King and country. Jamestown, August 6. E troops of C Company mobilised and were sent to Port Pirie to-day. Business here is at a standstill BROKEN HILL SALES ON A CASH BASIS. MEAT REDUCED IN PRICE. Broken Hill, August 6. As one result of the war Broken Hill stock agents have decided to demand cash from tlie master butchers for all stock sold at auction. The first lot of cattle under those conditions offered to-day was a mob of 100, but only 31 were sold, the price? ranging from £3 to £6 10/ for cowa-, and np to £11 7/6 for ¡bullocks. The master butchers have for their part decided to sell to their customers also only on a cash basis. They are discharging all cart hands, and will .conduct purely shop sales. On the other hand, the' butchers have decided to make on all round reduction in the price of meat of Id. per lb. to take effeet from to-morrow. . The_ only; alteration in the position on the mines is that the South Company has officially notified that it will start work week and week about on Sunday night. Mr. J. H. Cann, the Chief Secretary, replied to-day 'to. the message sent to h"rn yesterday by" the Mayor (Alderman W. B. Driscoll), as follows:-'"'Nothing can be done_ immediately. Full consider- ation is being given to TOUT proposals. The financial situation is stringent. I expect that the Cabinet will meet to- morrow. I have consulted the Pre- mier, and Broken Hall shrill have as favorable consideration as possible." THOUGHT HE WAS A GERMAN. A SYDNEY ASSAULT CASE. Sydney, August -6". At the Water Police Court this morning, before Mr. Barnett, S.M., a sailor from the Tingira was fined £6-in default, two months' hard labor-for having assaulted Abraham CHffe, a seaman's outfitter, thinking he was a German. Mr. Robison, who appeared for the pro- secution, said he had been especially sent down by the Attorney-General to conduct the case, because the Government would not countenance unlawful attacks or this description, especially on foreigners, who wonld be afforded every protection in. all instances. STEAMER UNDER ARREST. THE CAPTAIN SHEDS TEARS. Fremantle, August 6. The German steamer Griefswald arrived from Bremen this morning and was placed under arrest by the naval auÜioritÍ2s. She waa spoken off Rottnest by on ex- amining steamer, who informed the cap- tain to proceed to the usual anchorage The matrter of the Griefswald, quite ùn Pttspeeting. obeyed the instructions. Shortly after daybreak he hove the anchor np and entered the harbor, the officers and men meantime being busy te king the hatches off in order to begin <L'scharging -cai^o, T&eircasel; was making t fast to the wharf when she >was boarded 'by the local fluent, who was the first to inform the unsuspecting captain that war has been declared. The master was coTapletely dumbfounded and burst into tears on learning the nowa. A naval trnard bas ,now been placed on board the Griefswald. Brisbane, August 6. It is stated that at 1 o'clock this morn- ing officers boarded the German .steamers Canstátt and Prinze Sjgismund, which arc moored in the Brisbane -River, ' placed guards on board, and removed a small por- tion of the machinery with a view to dis- abling thq vessels. 12,000 MEN_0UT OF WORK. LABOR EXCHANGES to BE CREATED. Sydney, August 6. In fthe Legislative Assembly to-day Mr. Estell moved the first reaebng of the Labor and Industry Bill, a measure dealing with the creation of labor exchanges. He said he estimated that there were already 12,000 men out of work in the State. There was no debate, tbe Bill being read a first time. , ' AUSTRALIANS AND , GERMANS. Brisbane, August 6. Mr. Appel, tbe Home Secretary,*address- ing the delegates at the Local Authorities' Conference picnic tc-day, referring to the European crisis, said:-"May calmness, dignity, and wisdom direct your conduct towards those Germans who have become naturalised cifcizems of -the State, and have been treated as such. Let no rancor be exhibited towards those men wbo,' at our invitation, became members of our com- munity and have assisted us to build np our State, and who, I have no doubt, will be loyal to their adopted land .and the flag wbien has given to them political free- dom." MAIL SERVICE^ AFFECTED. ADMIRALTY TAKE THE OTRANTO. ? Melbourne, August 6. A cable.-message was received to-day by Mr. Cook, the_ Prime Minister, from the High. Commissioner (Sir George Reid): "Departure of the Orient Company's Otranto, August 14, cancelled. The Ad- miralty has taken the ship. The general post-office report that mails cannot be sent now through Italy, and pTobab'y not to Marseillos." VICTORIAN TROOPS M0BI USING. Melbourne, August 6. A partial mobilisation of Victorian troops took place to-day, when a number of detachments were put in readiness to take up coastal defence work, reinforcing the garrisons at the forts at Queenscliff, Point Nepean, and Swan Island. A guard of riflemen also entrained for Flinders, where they will guard the Tasmanian cable». The 38 th Engineers' Submarine Mining Company paraded early in the day and later entrained for the Heads, where they will probably take up duty at Swan Island. The 34th Engineers also paraded, and an advance guard left for Queenscliff, where they will add to the fort strength. To- morrow morning the 4Gth Infantry, 70th Infantry, and the 29th Light Horse, known as the Port Phillip Horse, will leave for Queenscliff. This latter regiment is allied with King Edward's Horse, the . King's oversea Dominions regiment. About 500 em- ployes at the Newport power-house bave volunteered for local defence. AN ARBITRATION CASE. Perth, August 6. In the Arbitration Court, in the shop assistants' case, Mr. McGibbon, who ap- peared for the employers, asked the Presi- dent if the court would permit them to put the employes on balf-time ratber than discharge them, in consequence of slack- ness of trade through the war. Mr. Jus- tice Burnside said tibe court could make no order. In his personal opinion, if. people were hungry no award would stand. The Full Court declined to rule whether the shop assistants' award applied to assistants in wholesale houses. THE BANK RATE. Brisbane, August 6. The Premier (Mr. Denham) intimated to-day that he bad received a cable mes- sage from London stating tbat the bank rate is to be reduced to 6 per cent, to- morrow. STIRRING~SPEECH BY MINISTER OF DEFENCE. GERMANY'S UNPROVOKED AGGRESSION. BRITAIN'S FIGHT FOR FREEDOM. Melbourne, August 5. "Much as we deplore the ravages and waste of war," said the Minister of De- fence (Senator Millen) to-night, "Aus- tralia applauds the decision of the Imperial Government. Any other _ course would have been received here withi undoubted disappointment. In the midst of the gloomy international firmament there is one bright star-the united, enthusiastic, almost passionate, desire of the Dominions to rally to the support of the motherland in this her hour of trial, and to unite with her in the preservation of common traditions and a joint heritage. Because Australia is proceeding with the develop- ment of a strong and vigorous nation- hood within -the Empire, she appreciates the noble stand taken by Great Britain on be- half of those smaller nationalities strug- gling to .remain free, which have appealed not in vain for protection of the might and power of a great liberty-loving Empire of ?which the Commonwealth forms a part. Australia joins with the statesmen of the mother country in protesting against un- provoked aggression against friends of Great Britain, and the attempted domina- tion by one Power of the destinies of the whole world. This is a fight for freedom, and no more inspiring battle cry could be given in this momentous struggle to the Empire, which has been built up and is based on freedom. Here in Australia we are blessed with sunny skies and great natural resources, such as few parts of the Empire possess, and we shall on that ac- count be more ready to make all sacrifices of life and money i\nd personal effort which may be demanded. Speaking as Defence Minister for the Commonwealth I can confidently state that Australia is ready; aye,,ready." FEDERAL OPPOSITION AND THE WAR. Melbourne, August 6. The attention of the Prime Minister was directed to-day to the fact that in Great Britain and other parts of the Empire as well, consultations regarding the war bad taken place between the leaders . of the Ministry and Opposition parties. He was asked if there was any intention of invit- ing Mr. Fisher to confer with bim as to Australia's position and the course to-be taken. "Mr. Fisher," said Mr. Cook in reply, "is in one of the other ¡states. If he W3s here I should have consulted Mm. The situation in Australia is not the same as it is overseas. We have a definite task assgned to us, and are organising at the earliest possible moment. Mr. Fisher and Mr.. Hughes arc busy electioneering.' THE SCHARZFaS. - An armed escort of naval men has been placed on board the German steamer Scharzfels, which has been seized at Port Adelaide as a prize of war. There have been unconfirmed rumors that the captain was placed under arrest, because he had used the steamer's wireless, contrary to the Port war regulations. It is kaccwn, however, that the wireless installation has been disconnected, and the operating room locked and placed under seal. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the Schaxzf els was taken from No, 1 quay, Port Adelaide, to a dock where she will be detained. The ship was moored under her own steam, with the assistance of tugs, by Harbor Pilot Mrrir. The captain and officers of the Scharzfels assisted in the operations. On board was an «rvaeà naval squadron, and a blue jacket, wi¿n fixed bayonet. stationed on the bridge. The removal wal. _ watched with the keenest interest by ij^ large crowd which congregated _ on th«1" wharfs. A naval picket was stationed, on Robinson-bridge, which spans the inlet into the dock, and tbe fires of the.vessel werc?^ drawn. J Captain Gives his Parole. Captain Strycher and his German officetV < have given their parole, and will therefore be now free to come ashore. The other members of the crew are natives of India, and, being prohibited immigrants, "wflii^ have to remain on board. *' Discharge of Cargo. Although the Scharzfel's cargo is British, there was some doubt in the minds of the . authorities whether it could be discharged or come under the definition of contraband .. of war. This question was cleared np on reference to the headquarters of Customs "~l in Melbourne, which advised that the"" cargo could be discharged. There is still,-;; however, the difficulty as to who is to bear, r the cost of such discharge. The agents of . the vessel may, in the circumstances, be^ ' disinclined to accept the financial burden.""* [ 'übe steamer as under charter by the Uni-»'* ted Tyser fine, and the question arises aa to how the agents wiil -be reimbursed and f, by whom for the expense incurred. Doubt- " less many of the consignees are in need oV ^ ' the geiods, and in some instances have probably taken up their documents«- ^5 The International Positron. A well-versed authority stated on Thura, day evening that tho-ticharzfels is not a J prize'of war in any'sense. "She came into the country quite innocently, the captain having no idea that hostilities between Great Britain and Germany had broken out. No blame could therefore be attached to the master. 'The ship is detailed by mutual arrangement existing between belli- gerents, and the master has to be given three days' grace to consider his position. If at the end of the three days' grace be, signs a declaration not to take part in the war as long as the war lasts he and'his . officers may be allowed to go free. If tiley, decline to sign this parole they become13 prisoners of war* In times of stress an ii enemy's merchantman may be detained be-, ¿ fore hostilities actually break out. There;., are-several saving clauses governing the mat-".> ter. In this case the steamer rs a German'.' ship, with German officers, the remainder^ of the crew being Indian natives. The'« cargo, although bought in New York, is British, and this complicates the question.,,; There is nothing, however, to prevent the , cargo being discharged. There is n0 la¡w " against it. The Scbarzfels is tal of Bri-"" tish cargo, therefore none of it is contra--'. ?band of war. If tie vessel had been seized outside during hostilities her cargo wonM.;, be, contraband of war, though belonging to.;, British subjects in an enemy's bottom. . This is a complicated case, and there are^* bound to be numerous instances of it,-*«» '?" pecially in Australia." oMMCrNWEALTH TSÊiïTZ. 1 "^ LOCAL ACTTVTTY. The response to Commander Bmfcr*?rV* call for Reserve M. (A and B Class), Re- serve O. (adults, 1 and 2 companies) has been all that could be desired. On Thurs- day morning there was a »auster at tha nava1 drill sheds, Largs Bay, of 140 men, and by evening the strength had been brought up to 186. Those not required for special service have been placed in camp at the depot. Another company will be called upon if necessary. Several R.N.R. men have reported themselves for duty, but they have not yet been called upon. " Three deserters from the .Royal Navy."'1 who, in the Empire's call to arms, repented »'ï of their shortcoming, presented themselves rr to "face the music." On Thursday mora-77 ing a party of bluejackets was sent to Cape i. Northumberland by train, but another JL party, which was detailed to proceed te t Cape Borda at 5 p.m., was recalled at the"" last moment. There was a scene of much^' activity at the naval depot last night,';:? where all hands have been kept at high pressure in attending to the multifarious,,,, duties involved by the state of war. "*" OUR LUTHERAN SUBJECTS.^ ??*?> ? "-?? DECLARATION OF LOYALTY At their regular meeting on Wed , nesday evening the members of th«J Flinders- street Lutheran Church, of widcai the Rev. W~ Janzow is pastor, passed a' j resolution antening their unshaken loyalty1 ~ to the British Crown. The resolution de- "* dared that tihe members were "fully aware 2« of their duty as British subjects, and do not hesitate to give their loyal support to his Majesty King George V., in this grave crisis. They thankfully acknowledge the manifold blessings, which they as Aus- tralians have enjoyed under British rule."?. The members of the Australian Lutheran t Church, although the majority of the» are of German descent, were nearly all born in Australia under the British flag, and thus- have never owed allegiance to 'any other Power. Australians of German descent have loyally given their sons ta swell the ranks of the cadets and of th« citizens' forces of the Commonwealth, and have on numerous previous occasions ex- pressed their loyalty to the Royal House of READING MAHERS FOR ^ NAVAL MEN. 3 Air. J. N. M. Lawrence, missioner al Port Adelaide, writes:-"May 'I write vo*j behalf' of our naval miert who have been mobilised, and have been placed at'diifq rent isolated posts alongíthe coast. * The time will hang heavy upon the hands, of those who are off duty. We shall be grateful for "Graphics," "Strands," and other literature for distribution among" these men. We all cannot bear arms, but'; we can think of those who »do, and wh$ j watch our interest Please sentL carriagg,» paid, to the Mission to Seaman, Toddy street. Port Adelaide. Commander Bur-£ ford has very kindly sanctioned reading matter being distributed." PATRIOTISM^ A CAFE^ \- . it During the dinner hour at the Arcadia? Cafe on Thursday the large number oÉ butf.-íí, nes3 men present rendered the National! Anthem and gave three hearty, cheers ,-foj¡s¡ the King. Patriotic music was played f by a string band throughout the meal hour> * GUARDING ~THE CABLE STATION. PORTION OF THE 76th AT THE GRANGE. A party of the 76th Infantry are guarding the cable station at the Grange. The men have received instructions to remain ¡within a radius of 25 yards of the sta- tion. They are under the command ol Lieutenant Oliver. RUSSIAN MAILS. y . The Deputy Postmaster-General (Mr. E W. Bramble) advises that all correspon dence posted for Russia will ¡be forwardeV via London.. LOYAL MEDICAL STUDENTS. The medical students of the Adelaidi Hospital have decided unanimously to offe their services in the Austreliaa^rmy M edi cal Corps. TIDING OVER THE CRISIS PORT ADELAIDE CITY COUNCIL'S ACTON. ;< At a meeting of the Port Adelaide (Sty Council, held on Thurdasy evening, ,ifc was resolved, in view of tire large num- ber of unenroloyed in Port Adelaide,' and the likelihood of the number increasinfl owing to the war, to ask the "Tramway«; Trust to hasten on the work of the elec* trie tram system in 'Port Adelaide.-' %. Iii also was decided to engage five additional men-one for each ward-for two months« to assist the unenrployed. ' '. (Continued on next page.) l ' ,*,, 1 *-«Si ENEMY SHIPS. THE PROCLAMATION. Melbourne. August S. Aften an executive meeting- this evening a special Federal "Gazette" was issued, containing the following announcement: Whereas his Majesty has been compelled to declare war against Germany, and is mindful of the recognition afforded to the practice of granting "days of grace" to enemy merchant ship* by the con- vention relative to the status of enemy merchant ships sri ' the outbreak of hostilities, signed at the Hague on October l8, 1907, . «ind whereas it is desirable to lessen, so far as may be p'rac .tieable, the injury caused by war to pca.w ful and unsuspecting commerce, now;, therefore I, Sir Ronald Craufurd _ Mnnw l-'erguson, the Governor-General aforesaid, acting with the Federal .«executive Council, do hereby order as follows: 1\. From and after the publication of this order no enemy merchant ship shall be al- lowed to_depart except in ¡.ccordance with the provisions of this order from any pore in the Commonwealth or a territory under the control of the Commonwealth. 2\. In the event of one of the Ministers oi State being satisfied by information reach- ing him not later thaii midnight of Tues- day, the 4th day of August, 1914, that the treatment accorded to British merchant ships and their cargoes, which at the date of the outbreak of hostilities were in the ports of the enemy, or which subse-, querrtly entered thom, is not les» favorable than the treatment accorded to enemy merchant ships, by articles 3 to 7 of-this order, he shall notify the,Prime Minister and the Minister of State for Deienpe. accordingly, and public notice thereof shall i forthwith be given in the Commonwealfb "Gazette," and articles 3 to 8 .of this ( order shall thereupon come, into full force und effect. ' Subject to the provisions of this order, enemy merchant ships which:-1. At the date of the outbreak of hostilities were in any port in which this order applies; or. 2\. Cleared from their last port before the declaration of war and after the outbreak of hostilities enter a port to which this or- der applies, with no knowledge «if the war, shall be allowed up till midnight" on Tuesday, the 4th day of August, 1914. for loading or unloading their cargoes, and ior departing from such port. Provided that such vessels shall not be allowed to ship any contraband of war. and any contraband of war already shipped on such vessel* must be discharged. . Enemy merchant ships which cleared from their last port before the declaration of Avar and which ivifa no knowledge of the war. arrive at a- port to which, this order applies, after the expiry of the time allowed by article 3 for loading or unload- ing cargo and for departing, and are per- mitted to enter, may be required to depart either immediately or within such time is mav- be considered necessary by the Cus- toms oSicnr of the port for the unloading of suda cargo as they may be requtmj or specially permitted to discharge, provided tnat such vessels may as a condition of being allowed to discharge cargo be. re- quired to proceed to any other specified Uri tish port, and shall there- be allowed euch time for discharge .is the Customs offi- cer of that port may consider to be neces- sary. Provided ¡ilho that if any cargo on ?hoard such vessel is contraband of war or is requisitioned under article 5 of this order, she may be required before depar- ture to discharge such cargo within such time as the Customs officer, of the. port may consider to be necessary or she may be - in- quired to. proceed if necessary" under escort to any other of the ports specified in article 3 of this order, and shall there discharge the contraband under the like conditions. 5\. Hi«? Majesty reserves the right recog- nised by the said convention to requisition at any time, subject to payment of com- pensation, enemy cargo on board any vessel to which articles 3 and 4 of the oider ap ply. 6\. The privileges accorded by articles 3 and 4 are not to extend to cable shjps r.r to seagoing ships designed^to carry oil fuel or to ships wuose tonnage exceeds 5,000 tons gross, or whose speed is 14 knots or over regarding which the entries in Lloyd's register shall ne conclusive for the-purposes of this article. Such vessels will Temain liable on adjudication by the prize court to detention during -the period of the war or to requisition in accordance in either case with the convention aforesaid. Tüic said privileges will also not extend to merchant ships which show bj- their build that they are intended for,conversion into warships, as such vessels are outside the scope of the said convention. ,vnd arc liable on adjudi- cation 'by tibe prize com t to condemnation as a prize. 7\. Enemy merchant sliips allowed to de- rided with a pass indicating the port to part under articles 3 and 4, will be pro» which tliey are to proceed and the route they are to follow. 8\. A merchant ship which, after the re- ceipt of «ich a pass, eloes not follow the course indicated therein will be liable to capture. 9\. If no information reaches one of the Ministers of State by the day and hour aforementioned, to the effect that the treatment accorded . to British merchant ships and their cargoes, which were in the ports of the enemy at the date of the out- break of hostilities, or which subsequently entered them, is, in his opinion, not less favorable than that accorded to enemy merchant ships by articles 3 to 8 of this order everv enemy merchant frhip, which, on the outbreak of hostilities was in any port to which this older applies, and also every enemy merchant ship which cleared from its last port before the declaration of war, but which with no knowledge of the war enters a port to which this order ap filies, shall, togethen- with the cargo on <oard thereof he hable to capture, and Fhall be brought before the prize court forthwith for adjudication. ? 10\. In the event of information reaching one of the Ministers of Stale that British merchant sliips which cleared from theil last port befoie the declaration of war, but are met with by the enemy at sea after thf> outbreak of hostilities, are allowed, to I continue their voyage without interference with either the ship_ or cargo, or after-cap- ture are release*! with or without proceed- ings for adjudication in the prize courts or are to bo detained during the war or re- quisitioned in lieu of condemnation as prize, he shall notify the Minister of State for Defence accordingly, and <=hall pubbsh a notification thereof in the "Common .vealth Gazette," and in that event, but not otherwise, enemy merchant shins which cleared from their last port before the declaration of war and arc cap- tured after the outbreak of hostilities and brought before the Prize Courts for adjudi- cation shall be released or detained or re- quisitioned in such cases and upon such terms as may be directed in the said noti fication_ in the "Commonwealth Gazette."' 11\. Neutral cargo, other than con- traband of war, on board an enemy mer- chant ship which is not allowed to depart fioni a port to which this order applies, shall be released. 12\. In accordance with the provisions of chapter 3 of the Convention relative to cer- tain restrictions on the exercise of _ the right of capture in maritime war, signed at the Hague on the 18th October, 1907, an undertaking must, whether the mer- chant ship is allowetl to depart or not, be given in writing by each of the officers and members of the crew of each vessel who is of enemy nationality that he will not, after the conclusion of the voyage for which the pass is issued, engage while hos , tilities last in any service connected with the operation of war. If any such offi- cer is of neutral nationality an undertak- ing must be given in writing that he will not serve after the conclusion of the voyage for wliich the pass is issued on any enemy ship while hostilities last. No undertak- ing is to be required from members of the crew who ,are of neutral nationality.^ Ofti cr-rs or members of the crew declining to give the undertakings required by this article will be detained as prisoncrs^of war. The standard local time in Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and^ Tas- mania is ten hours in advance of Green wich time, ?South Australia is itt hours m advance of Greenwich time, and Wes- tern Australia is eight hours in advance of Greenwich time. Xotice to Masters and Owners of Ships. Tl>c Minister of Trade and Customs hereby gives notice that on and after this date every slij-p proceeding foreign or coastwise, whether with cargo or ¡n ballast, except as henánafter exempte!, is required to obtain from the Collector or other proper officer of Customs at the Customs House a. special clearance be- fore leariDg the port. Any attempt to Irave the port without obtaining such clearance may result in 'the seizure or de- struction of the ship. The clearance must bo preserved for production on de- mand to any officer of his Majesty's anny, navy, marines, coastatuaid, Cus- toms, police, or any person employed ?in anv such capacity, and is valid only for the voyage specified thereon. Exemptions. British fishing boats not carrying ironded stores or cargo other than fish and appliances for carrying on the vusi ness of a sca^fisherman, are not re- quired to obtain 'a clearance. Clearances will, 'however, be issued for such boats if desired. BRITISH ASSOCIATION . MEETINGS. Melbourne, August 5. Amongst tho?e who were in consultation with the Federal Ministers during yesterday were Colonel V. C. M. Sellheim, Adjutant General, Sear-Admiral Sir William Creswell (first member of the Naval Board), Mr. G. L. Macandie (secretary to the Naval Board), Commander Thring, and Mr. C. E. Bright (acting secretary to the central postal administration). The State Pre- mier (Sir Alexander Peacock) and Pro- fessor Masson (chairman of the Federal council of the British Association for the Advancement of Science) also had inter- views with Mr. Cook. . The object of Pro- cessor Masson"s visit was to discuss with t.he Prime Minister the effect wbich the situation was likely to have on the ap- proaching meetings in Australia of the British Association for the .Advancement oi Science. Mr. Cook expressed the opinion that the congress should proceed. QUEENSCLIFFE FORTS. PLACED ON WAR FOOTING STRICT WATCH ON SHIPPING Melbourne, August 5. The Queenscliffe forts are being placed on a war footing with all possible expedi- tion. Nine trnckloads of blanket» and ammunition reached Queenscliffe iasc night, and were immediately taken to the fort. RiScs a>>d full equipment have, been served on* to tlie men. The searchlights at the fort were kept going all last, night. A strict watch is being kept on all shipping passing in and out through the heads, and two pilot boats manned by marines «re engaged in examining vessels. Fishing boats entering and leaving have to give a password. Every vessel that passed through tiic heads to-day was boarded and piloted up -the bay to Williamstown. A number of coastal and inter-State traders, which i usually come into the port without pilots, were ¡ill obliged to take pilots aboard. NEW SOOTH WALES. OFFER OF ASSISTANCE. Sydney, August 5. As soon as Parliament met to-day the Premier (Mr. Holman) rose in his place to make a-statement on the situation. "I: desire." he said, "to inform members that T have' received an official communication that war has definitely broken out between Great Britain and_Germany.'' Mr. Eolman went on to say this information necessarily cast new duties on the Government of the State, and probably new duties on the-Par- liament of the State. Unquestionably these matters would demand the closest attention of the Government and members generally. In the coinse of the next few days it would be apparent to all that diffi- culties of finance and industry and the ordinary life of the Community would as- suredly arise, and to these the first con- sideration of Parliament would have to be devoted. '"We have decided." he continued, "to ask Parliament to meet each day at 4.30 p.m. and adjourn immediately, ' unless in the interval something important has occurred. (Cheers.) We feel that it is impossible to ask members to proceed with the contentious programme which we in- tended to put through. »\t this juncture that programme must be suspended for the time being." Mr. Holman also announced that his col- leagues had already considered certain matters in connection with the situation, and those would be further debated to-morrow, when they proposed to have the presence and advantage of ihc counsel of the leader of the Opposition (Mr. Wade). He H\H> hoped to-morrow to be able to indicate to the House certain powers windi _ toe Government proposed to talco in the direc- tion of ensuring a greater measure of elasticity in the working of industrial awards." He also announced that the Fe- deral Government had accepted the State's unreserved offer of assistance, i and he declared, amidst general applause, that there was no occasion for hysteria, r.v panic. "We need," he said.^ "loyal determination to be united in the pre- sence of a common danger." (Cheers.) Mr. Wade said the country would be reassured by 'the statement made by the Premier. Mr. Holman announced that one of the subjects to be dealt with would be attempts to make profits out of food supplies. The House then adjourned. A HOSTILE DEMONSTRATION. Sydney, August 5. A hostile demonstration against a Ger- man steamer took place in Woolloomooloo Bay to-day, and as a result the steamer Germania, "was moved from her berth to a mooring off Long Nose Point. _ Early in the afternoon a small crowd of idlers gathered ' about, the steamer, which was lying-at a berth alongside thenew wharf, end watched unloading operations. When the news that war had broken out be- tween England and Germany became known the rougher section of the watch- ing crowd became restless. They shouted offensive remarks to the German_ r»rew, and the captan of the Germania re- garded the situation as likely to be- come serious. He communicated with the Department of Navigation, and ob- tained permission to move his vessel from her berth as soon as a pilot could be obtained. Meanwhile the crowd dis ptrrsed, and only a few remained sitting on the wharf watching the preparations for departure being made on the vessel. The general idea was that she intended to make a run for it and attempt to clear the harbor. The officers of the vessel, fearing further trouble, patrolled tile deck and kept a watch on the gang- way. One of the men on the wharf, however, clambered on board over the side, walked aft and untied the halyards of the German flag, which was flying over the stern, and^ it was thrown to ecvenal men on the shore, and before the Germania's officers could reach the spot, the men were off round a corner with it. Shortly afterwards a pDot arrived, and the Germania was taken to Long Nose Point and the anchor dropped. THE SMAL. ARÁIS FACTORY. Sydney, August 5. Business in Lithgow is practi<ally at a standstill. Most of 'the Germans engaged at the ironworks have left the town. No special instructions have been received for the placing of a military guard at the smallarms factory. The manager stated this morning that all necessary precautions were being te :en, and he had cancelled all inspectio-- of tnc factory until further no- tice. It is expected now that war has been officially declared that the factory w3! be placed under military, if not mar- tial, law. MUSICIANS AS -SOLDIERS. Sydney, August 5. The Musicians' Union, which consists of 3,000 members, the majority of whom have reen active «rvice, has offered 2,000 trained naval and military men. through the Premier to the Commonwealth Govern- ment. It wat> proposed to raise 5Q0_ in Sydney, and close on 1,000 from New South Wales, wnile the balance of the men offered would be raised in other States. There w«a a patriotic dcmonstraöcfa au the club room; to-day, -when men were signing their name-, for enrolment, and in- dicating various régiments to which they belonged. LOYAL GERMAN AUSTRA- LIANS. Í Albury. August 5. At a meeting to-day at Walla Walla, one of the principal centres of German settle- ment in the Riverina, reference was made I to the European war. The Germans, who are nearly all native-born British subjects, expressed the wainiest feelings of loyalty I to Australia and Great Britain. The fol 1 lowing resolution was «*arried unanimously, with much enthusiasm, on the motion of H. A. Paech, seconded by John Wcnke: "That the German residents, of Walla Walla and district express their unswerv- ing loyalty to the British flag, and, as Aus- tralians born, are prepared at any moment, if lequired. to stand shoulder to shoulder with their fellow-Australian subjects in tile defence uf the British flag, an«! would be prepared to give their money or their blood, if lequired, in the defence of this (countrj and the British flag, no matter who the invader may be." QUEENSLAND READY. Brisbane, August 5. In the Assembly to-day the Premier (Mr. Denham) announced the receipt of a telegram from Mr. Cook, stating that official information had been received that war bad broken out with Germany. Mr. Den bam said he bad sent the following leply: "Though we regarded war with Germany as inevitable, your telegram was received with profound corrow. In this crisis Queensland places all her lesources at the sen-ices of the Commonwealth and the old country."' (Cheers.) Mr. Theodore, without notice, asked if the Premier was aware that the prices of necessaries of life bad been raised in Bris- bane beyond what cirenmstances war- ranted. Mr. Denham replied that there was abundance of foodstuffs in Australia. He regarded gambling in foodstuffs as dis- tinctly wicked, and he would give close consideration to the matter. IN THE AVEST. ALL PARTIES UNITED. Perth, August 5. The declaration of war was received in Perth with great enthusiasm. The post- ing of Air. Cook's telegram to Mr. Scaddan (the Premier), containing the r.nnouncoment, outside the Western Aus- tralian Office of War was signalisod by prolonged cheering and the throwing ox hats in the air. After the Executive _ Council meeting Jho Premier, said:-"'We are doing no- thing sensational. 1 telegraphed to the Prime Minister, placing at his disposal all of our resources, Ministerial anl Governmental, should the occasion de- mand, such action. Mr. Cook replied, (hanking us and accepting our offer. We arc- ail prepared to work for the COUK try and the Empire without any undue lirado. All I say of the people is that they will remain calm and trust us and the Commonwealth Government to do all that can be expected of us. We have abandoned all party business. That is sunk, fathom^ deep. As a pi oof we bave invited the leader of the Opposition (Mr. Frank Wilson, M.L.A.) to be pre- sent and take part in our deliberations .H a special Cabinet meeting this after- noon." Offers of service poured into the Go- vernment to-day from all quarter«, in- cluding men -with very large interests in the Commonwealth, and from officials of high standing. Every day there are enquiries at the military headquarters, and men are disappointed to leam that no volunteers have been called for yea. _ LOYAL WESTERN AUSTRALIANS. PARLIAMENTARY RIFLE CLUB FORMED. Perth, August 6. Speaking at Greenbushes to-dav. Sir John Forrest (Federal Treasurer) said he was in constant communication with Air. Scaddon (Premier of Western Australia) in regard to the war. Every precaution would be taken to protect the coal supplies ami other important industries, and every effort would be made to prevent a financial panic, ile thoroughly agreed with Mr. Cook's offer, to the Imperial Government of an expeditionary force of 20,000 troops. Everyone must do his best to protect, the .Empire. He believed there were enough arms and ammunition to supply, every man in the Commonwealth. The Lithgow fac- tory could work day and night. The National Anthem und '"Rule, Bri- tannia" were sung by the audience, .uid cheers were given for the King. The State Commandant (Colonel Kyng don) states that mobilisatipn is proceeding satisfactorily, and 800 men will be under arms this evening. Of these 72«1 would be encamped at the Fremantle recreation re- serve A Parliamentary rifle club has been formed, every member, including the Premier and Leader of the Opposition have signified tlieir consent to enrol. Rifles will be served out at noon to-day. and instruction given to members at the ranges to-morrow. «. An enthusiastic meeting of the members of the Perth Rifle Club was held last night, and cheered the announcement that the members had been attached to B Company, 88th Infantry Regiment. Tlie Bishop of Perth (Right Rev. Dr. Riley") has addressed a letter to the Perth clergy asking them to persuade as many Anglicans as possible to observe next Monday is a day of prayer, and refrain from pleasure and amusement?. The Council of Churches held an hour's prayer meeting in the Trinity Congrega- tional Church yesterday. Perth, Auguat 6. The Legislative Council to-day passed the following resolution with much enthu- siasm:-'*Tlie Council expresses its loyalty and devotion to the throne and person of his Majesty the King, and its determina- tion lo stand by the Motherland and Em- pire in the present time of stress." The House adjourned after some remarks offered respecting the advisability, of legis- lation to prevent the undue raising oi prices of provisionr*-. « j TASMANIA. EXCITEMENT AT LAUN- CESTON. Launceston, August 5. | Tííere was considerable excitement to-day when -the new« was posted that Britain had declared war against Germany. The Union Jack was immediately hoisted at the pub- lic buildings and many business nlaces. The bulletins issued at intervals from the newspaper offices were »»agerlv scanned, and there was only one tsubject for discussion, that of war. Orders were received this afternoon for the mobilisation of the naval reserve. There are 45 in Launceston, and they are to assemble at noon to-morrow, with their kits. It is understood that some signallers arc to be esent away, and others to stand by in case of emergency. The military authorities also are busy in preparing for mobilisation. Trade in the city is becoming paralysed, and again to-day there was an advance in the price of flour. Several citizens are .laying in stocks. (Mines are continuing to close down, and in several industries there is a shortening of hands. TRAINEES' FINE SPIRIT. Major C. H. Brand, of district head- quarters staff, referred in very compli- mentary terms last night to the fine .«pint ahown by tne trainees in Adelaide. Re said that Univcreritv students had been helpinz with the work at headquar- ters, and that the officers appreciated these services very much. Particularly they wished to thank Trainee Wadham, who ©laced his motor car «t 4beir d» posnl and conveyed them from place to place. I - NAVAL AND MILITAI.Y CLUB. GREAT ENTHUSIASM. Members of the Naval and Military Cub talk about nothing but the wai-. The latest news is awaked with eagerness and discussed keenly. Officers are fired with enthusiasm, and if there must be hostilities they want to be on the scene fighting for the Empire. Last night the ciubroomi; were filled with a crowd of military and naval men. Dr. A. H. Ben- nett, the acting president, elelivcred an intensely patriotic address, which stirred everybody. Cheers were given again and again, and the National Anthem was sung with vigor. THE LIEDERTAFEL. At the weekly meeting of the Adelaide Liedertafel on Tuesday evening the pre- sident (Mr. R. Buring) referred to the unhappy and unwished-far hostilities in Europe, and the possible war between England and Germany. He »said he was sure the public could understand the deep regret felt .by the many pensons of Ger- man descent in South Australia, but they knew and understock their course of duty. They were loyal subjects of the British Crown, and would stand by their obligations as faithful anel patriotic South Austrab'ans. The Attorney-Gemeral (Hon. H. Homburg) and the vice-president (Mr. O. Bauer) also spoke, and it was unani- mously agreed to discontinue meetings of the Liedertafel indefinitely. BROKEN HILL. MINES CLOSING DOWN. Broken HilL August 5. The British mine closed down last night. The zinc flotation plant and Proprietary mine is to cease work on Thursday. The Central minc and the Sulphide Corporation propose to close on Saturday. The De Bavays Amalgamated Zinc has partially closed, and the Zinc Corporation has crut off part of its plant. Mr. Wainwright, the manager of the South mine, stated this afternoon that he had reoivcxl a message from the directors bearing on the question of reopening the mine for production pur- poses. The directors, recognising the serious conséquences of such a large number of men being thrown out of work at one time, have decided, in order to mitigate the bard ships likely to be caused, to work the mine every alternate week. This will employ the whole of the men every second week, so that the men will each have a week at work and a week's spell. ON THE BARRIER. EFFORTS TO KEEP MINES GOING. Broken Hill, August 5. The local Mining Managers Association issued the following maniiesto to-night: "The representatives of the whole mining industry of the Commonwealth, other tuan gold and coal, met in Melbourne this after- noon to consider what steps should be taken to mitigate the serious results upon those directly and indirectlv concerned by closing the mines. The meeting was at- tended by representatives of uhe mining fields at Broken- Hill, Mount Morgan, Mount Lyell. North Queensland, and other centres. The meeting unanimously re- solved that every effort should be made to keep all the mines going as far as_ possible. A committee was appointed to formulate a scheme. At this stage all that can be said is that pending the result of their de- liberations, every effort will be made to keep all the mines working half-time. The committee realise tiae adverse and far reaching effects the complete stoppage of tlie mining industry would have upon the affairs of the Commonwealth in this na- tional crisis, and they are determined to formulate some scheme which, with the assistance of the men themselves and their leaders, and of the States and the Com- monwealth authorities, will achieve the end in view. It -will be realised that auch a scheme can only be accomplished with the goodwill and assistance of all parties." MR. GLYNN AT PORT ADELAIDE. AUSTRALIA'S POLICY. On Wednesday evening the Hon. P. McM. Glynn (Minister of External Affairs) addressed a comparatively small number of electors in the Port Adelaide Town Hall. Tile mayor (Mr. J. H. CQouston) presided. For nearly an hour Mr. Glynn referred to the present European crisis and the stops which had led to Great Britain having become involved. He said he had booked for Melbourne that afternoon, but he com- municated with Mr. Cook, who told him that circumstances would justify him in staying in Adelaide until he was summoned to Melbourne. In view of the European crisis, he confessed to difficulty in talking upon party- politics. When they were, as now, entering upon a great national crisis they must, above all, remember the paramountcy of national considerations. Al- though they might differ politically on some ejuestions they v.-eic ali. to some extent, directing their aims to one common great end. (Hoar, hear.) Tile first thing they had to remember was that there must be perfect unity of aim and effort among all of the subjects of their world-wide Em- pire. (Hejar, hear.) The British Empire deserved theil- utmost solicitude and de- votion, for it was an empire in almost every respect unique in its originality, long continuation, and expansion in the (»quäl principles of administration which it ap- plied throughout the units which composed it, and in the.fact that it was really the home of self-government. (Hear, hear.) It contained the highest and widest definitions of democratic government in operation. If the Imperial Power failed in Imperial res- sources, or to any extent ignored the obli- gations of honor given to those with whom it was in quasi-albance. it was possible they would see the end of the influence of the nation. The tone of international morality would be lowered for generations. As an Irishman, he could assure them there would be no Irish question whilst the war was on. (Hear, hear.) Concerning tlie cause of the wai, he saiel the Triple Alliance ivas formed in 1S97. There was no treaty of ' obligation imposed upon the. Empire to join in the war, but there was a need through understandings and dispositions. The French fleet had been sont to the Medi- terranean, and Great Britain was honor- ably bound to protect her coastline, and again there was the breach committed by one of the belligerent Powers in entering upon neutral territory. The actual develop- ment might be traced back to 1908, whan Austria took Bosnia and Herzegovina and Russia, remonstrated with her. Austria's action destroyed the aspiration of Servia for a Balkan Confederation. Russia re- monstrated, but the mailed fist of Ger- many was presented, and the threat that she would send her battalions across the border checked interference with Austria's action. The present war came suddenly. Russia did not desire it, for the Treasurer of that Empire recently said tliat she de- sired external peace in order to develop her productive powers to the greatest ex- tent. The fact was they must always bo prepared for sndden dangers and a loosen- ing of those moral tics which constituted the strength of nations. In 1870 the neu- trality of Belgium was proclaimed, and in 1819 the neutrality of Switzerland became a fact of inteiTjiitional Uw, but according to tlie telegrams receiveni both had been ignored by one of the belligerent nations. The war won'.d lead to considerable sacri- fices. All he would urge was that each section of the community^ should contri- bute its fair share to the intrvit-ible sacri- fices which it would entail. (Hear, hear.) He liad for several hours that day as a matter of caution been pointing ont to some of the eiirectors of companies and others the necessity of at once seeing what could be done to mitigate the hardships which the working classes would liavc to feel. (Hear, hear.) The closing down of works would lead to a great deal of domestic distress. Where possible works should be kept going so to alleviate tile difficulties which would arise. The Fede- ral Government would co what was rea- sonably necessary to keep the pot boiling throughout the length and breadth of the land. (Hear, hear.) Their immunity from attack primarily rest«»I upon the supremacy of the navy. (Hear, hear.) Lord Kitchener said in 1910 that the Em- pire's existence primarily depended upon the maintenance of an adequate naval force. As long as that condition was ful- filled, and British supremacy at sea was is sured, it was an accepted principle that no British Dominion could be successfnlly and permanently ronquercd by an invasion, iroin oversea. " (Hear, hear.) The Bri- tish navy might at that very moment bo in action. To an island continent the maintenance of naval supremacy was above all other considerations- (Hear, hear.) To develop and maintain such a navy sacrifi- ces might be necessary, and they shonM not be given unwillinelv. The naval ex- penditure in 1S90 W3S £14,000,000; in 19C0 it .became £29,000,000; and last year it reached forty- six and one-third millions. The based estimates for this year were 51*« millions, to which had to be added the tremendous additions of the war budget. Their fellow-subjects were called upon to bear the pressure of this tremendous re- sponsibility; but he was sure Australians would do their duty, whatver the Govern- ment might require. (Hear, hear.) He refcired to the action taken to establish the Australian navy. It was one of three units. There were to be 39 shins, three of them to be ships of the Indomitable type. Australia had her ship of the Indo- mitable type, and two vessels of the Bris- tol class. What was Australia's position in the Pacific? Japan was a nation of heroic spirit, and with a very delicate and active sense of honor. She was Britain's end Australia's ally and friend. The Uni- ted States also was their friend. The ques- tion of the unity of control of the Austra- lian fleet was raised in 1903, and again jn 1906\. The Commonwealth Government thought the Australian fleet should be under local command, but it was an under- stood thing that in a crisis like the pre- sent the control should be given to Great Britain. The Government, therefore, «lid not hesitate to offer the services of the fleet to the British Government immi; diately war was imminent. Problems of the future had to be faced with fortitude and equanimity. No one had greater faith than he in the future of Australia. (Hear, hear.) A sound policy and steady, sober, steadfast, comraonsense administrative ac- tion were required. (Hear, hear.) THE AJ.A. A WAR FUND PROPOSED. The chief president (Mr. H. R. Gelston) deemed it necessary and right to call the board of directors of the A-N.A. together to discuss the matter of the war. Not- withstanding that only a few hours' notice had been given, there was a full attendance and a fine display of patriotism. The fol- lowing resolutions were most enthusiastic- ally carried, a significant fact being the hearty support given them by members of German extraction, who showed they fully recogniscd their allegiance and responsi- bility to the British Empire:-1. . "JL'he A.N.A. in South Australia hereby expresses its unswerving loyalty and devotion to the Empire and its readiness to render any as- sistance in its power."' 2. "This associa- tion congratulates the Federal and State Governments on their ready offers of help to the motherland, and is certain that tbey have expressed the wish of overy Australian citizen." 3. "That in the opinion of this association the Australian citizens should ne given an opportunity to show their loyalty to the Empire by the establishment of a war fund, which the association is prepared to oncn with a con- tribution of £25.'"' 4. "That a patriotic procession and display by organised by the association on Saturday next to march from the Queen's Statue in Victoria-square to tile Exhibition or some other place to be arranged.'"' 5. "That in order to render all assistance possible to the Government all monies available for investment by the association be immediately invested in Go- vernment bonds."' The board invites tue co-operation of all citizens, bands, and other bodies capable of making Saturday's display something worthy of the nation's patriotism, and expressive of devotion and loyalty to the-.Bmpire. An advertisement in another column asks for communications to be made without delay to the general secretary (Mr. G. , E. Kreusler), Widows' Fund Buildings. Grenfell-street. In reply to a letter from the general sec letary of the A.N.A. (Mr. G. E. Kreusler), conveying the resolutions carried at Wed- nesday night's meeting of the association, and asking for the free use of the Exhibi- tion Building on Satin day next, the Under Secretaiy (Mr. L. H. Sholl) has addressed ?the following communication to Mr. Kreus- ler.-**1 «m directed by the Premier to acknowledge with thanlcs the receipt of your letter, forwarding copies of the reso- lutions carried at the meeting of the board of directors of the Australian Natives' As- sociation with reference to the loyalty and devotion of the association to the Empire and dealing with the establishment of a war lund and other matters. I am re- quested to convey an expression of the thanks and appreciation of the Premier for the kind offer to render assistance to the Government by investing the association's funds in Government bonds. I have to express regret that the Exhibition Build- ing, having been handed over to his Wor- ship the Mayor of Adelaide for the pur- poses of the reception to be lield on August 11. will not be available for the proposed^ patriotic demonstration to be held on Saturday next."' """ A WAR FUND. To the Editor. Sir-My boaid would be exceedingly pleased it you would start a "war fund'', in youi- columns and credit the association with £25.-T am, &c.; GEO. E. KREUSLER, General Secretary A.N.A. S.A. Board of Directors. Grenfell-street, August'5, 1911. . [Any contributions -received by us will be acknowledged.-Ed.] GERMANS WANT TO BE BRITISHERS. RUSH FOR NATURALISATION PAPERS. THIRTY APPLICATIONS THIS WEEK IN ADELAIDE. An unprecedented number of applications for naturalisation as British subjects has reached the office of the Commonwealth Public Service Inspector this week at the G.P.O., Adelaide. It is estimated that at least 30 Germans, having decided to re- nounce the Fatherland and give allegiance to his Majesty King George, have asked to be naturalised. A few days ago a batch of 16 applications came to hand, and more are expected. Natives of Switzer- land, Denmark, Norway, France, and Syria Irave also taken out naturalisation papers. '?' » ? CABLES WORKING ALL RIGHT * MESSAGES 24 HOURS LATE Both the GJP.O. and the Eastern Ex tension Company state that the cable lines between England and Australia were working without interruption yesterday. Obviously, however, messages are being delayed somewhere, probably by the censors at the dispatching end. It ap- pears th<it much of the Far East business is still being transmitted by the Cnpc cable, which is the only one that is not being overworked at the other end. It js pro-' bable that tlie Imperial Government is holding all fines to Gibraltar, Malta, anti other Mediterranean and Indian stations for offidal messages. Cables are arriving in Adelaide 2i hours late. I UNEMPLOYMENT EXPECTED Although it ia hoped that manufacturers ?w31 do their best to provide employment JBT^aS jnxrryL a^ -fhetr ngfÜSS bafida as POS s-jble, -there is no eloubt that as the posi- tion becomes more serious, and orders foi the manufactured article fall off, many canploves will be thrown out of work in I Adelaide. Mr. W. W. Forwood (president of the I Chamber of Manufactures) is absent from the city, and Mr. Arthur Hill (vice-pre- sident) was interviewed on Thursday morn I ing. "The position, so far as manufac ' hirers generally are concerned, and our 1 finn (Messrs. Pengelly <$: Co.. furniture 1 manufacturers, Edwardstown) in particular is that they are dependent on the pub- lic. No firm can afford to go on manu- facturing for the sake of stock, and my belief is that as ordeîrs fall off in various branches of industry, the firms will be obliged to dispense with the services of Hie employe«. Already the closing of the mino* at Broken Hill has had its effect in Adelaide. We had orders already I packixl for Brokern Hill, but when i li w«is decided to close some of the mines at the Barrier we received telegrams _ from our cus tomers not to send anything at all. How- ever, oi-ders on hand will k»ep onr firm going for some weeks full-handed, but some firms arc not in the same fortunate position of having much -work in hand. Much wal depend upon whether England will be able to keep her ports open for commerce, but in many industries neces- sary raw material comes from the^ Con- tinent or England. Continental shipping i-; out of the erncstion, and the position will not be so acute if supplie» can be obtained from English ports. However, 1 can see northing ahead but that as orders arc diminished so -will the firms dispense with hands. The feeling among manufacturers is that they will keep on è their hands as long as -poss≤, even if the-"- have to put tnem on shorter time." The manager of Messrs. Forwood, Down, & Co.,, stated on Thursday after- noon that the heads of his firm had dis- cussed the position, and it had been de- j cided to do everything possible to keep j on every man now employed there, even i if they had to make up stuff for stock. LOYALTY OF GERMAN AUSTRALIANS. MR. DANKEL'S ASSURANCE. At a crowded social at Blackwood last night Mr. George Dankel said that he had intended saying a few words on Federal politics that evening, but untortunateiy the terrible calamity which bad overtaken the nations of Europe overshadowed every- thing else. As one who had read history and Drofited by it he felt that the struggle could not last long. (Cheers.) He regret led the suicidal policy of Germany in at- tacking France, Russia, and now England. In order to allay any apprehension which might exist ins the minds of some neople in respect of "the loyalty to Aus- tralia of the German residents, he could assure them that it was beyond the shadow of a doubt. _ (Cheers.) How could it be otherwise, seeing that all their inte- rests were centred in Australia? Let them take his own case. All his near relatives were living in South Australie-., and had been settled there since the forties of the last century. Ile Jiiniself had four sons be- tween 20 and 30 who, he felt sure, would be as eager to defend their native country, Australia, as the children of Britishers. In conclusion, he hoped thai not more than a few months would elapse before peace would reign once more throughout the world. PARTIAL M0RT0RIUM ES- TABLISHED. PAYMENT OF DEBTS POST PONED. Cables from London state that the par- tial moratorium established by Royal pro- clamation applies to bills of exchange, and extends payment for a month after the date of toe original maturity. The term "moratorium" is used to express a legal authorisation postponing for a specified time the payment of debts and obligations, it is also sometimes used to mean the period over which the indulgence or period of grace stretches, the authorisation itself beng coded the moiatory law. Tliis law is usually passed in some special period of political or commercial crisis. For instance, on several occasions during the Franco Prussian war the French Government passed moratory laws. In 1875 the merchants of Belgrade, in view of the warlike rumors, asked for a moratorium, and in 18S4. Vienna made a similar request. A more recent instance was the moratorium de- creed b; Argentina in 1890, at the time of the great financial crisis which led to .'Che suspension of the Barings, a great financial firm in London. YOUTHS ON THE WARPATH TROUBLE IN MELBOURNE. TROOPER'S HORSE STABBED AND .WINDOWS SMASHED. Melbourne, August 5. To-night a band or irresponsible youths of the hoodlum type handed together an 1 held a demonstration in the various princi- pal a'trcets. Forming up in Elizabeth-street they rushed into Collins-street, where they were met by a number of troopers, but they refused to 'be checked, and advanced up ColKns- street, and then along Swan ston-street to Bonrke-street. They did little damage while they were on the move, but later in the evening they gave the police a good deal of trouble. In Collins-street one of the crowd stabbed a trooper'« horse, and the wound inflicted was so severe that the animal felL Windows were smashed in Bonrke-street, where in the excitement of the moment a woman was Knocked down and trampled upon. Troopers were pelted with kerosine tins and smaller missiles in Flinders-lane, and at the intersection of Bourke and Russell streets stones were thrown. A large «jody of roughs attempted to force their way into the Pekin Cafe, but 40 policemen, by using their batons, in- duced the crowd to move on. Special police guards were placed in charge of the German Club, Turn Verein, Consulate, and similar buildings. «i i AUSTRALIA'S TRADE WITH GERMANY. The following figures showing the value of some of the leading lines imported into Australia from Germany, and ex- ported from the Commonwealth to Ger- many, during 1913, are of interest: Imported from Germany. Value. Ale and beer.». £133,446 Apparel and textiles. 1,702,143 Arms, ammunition and explosives 99.922 Brushware.- .. 25,524 Cement.~ - ~ 159i)6!) China and chinaware ., ». _» »» 72,711 Earthenware -..-..-.»... 26,603' Dyes.. 21,013. J-Vrt.iüseis. 51,546 Drugs. 194,252 Fancy Goods .. .. ... 138.032 Glass and glasswaTc .. .. ». .. 1S2.S17 Rubber ¡roods. 260,104 Metal and manufactures of metal 2,037,919 Jewellery und cameos. . 80,246 Leather and leather manufac- tures .- ». ." 87,750 Musical instruments ». ». ». ». 360,257 Paper. 182,130 Stationery. 83,353 Paints and varnishes.» 24,882 Exported to Germany. r-Aik (tanning). -£28.653 Concentrates (silver). 101,090 Concentrates (zinc) -. 385,07» Copper.-.- 3U7.079 ! Fresh fruit.~ ». 95,447 'Wheat..- . - ... 55,151 | Hides and skins .. .. -._ 442,021 I Load. -'-7,094 Ores (silver). 84,578 Wolfram. 50,701 Tin (ingots). 114.334 Sausage casings. 81,627 Timber. 16,51S Tallow. SMyJlB Wool . _..»--.4,098,157 UNITED KINGDOM'S MEAT SUPPLY. The total quantity of meat required for consumption in the United Kingdom during 1913 was 1,827,135 tons. Of this 1,095,300 tons was home-grown and 731,836 tons im- , ported. The following table shows the I quantity of beef, mutton, and lamb im portcxL whether frozen or chilled, and the countries of production: Mutton awl «ecf. Limb. Tot.il. Tons. Tons. Ton«,. Frown Amtr.iliar-. 07,37:: 33,50.! 350,606 Now Zealand. 12.20S 310,02(5 322.231 South America .. .. 117,602 67,203 384,960 Total frozen .. .. *107,-248 2GO.G17 457.SG0 Chilled south America .. .. 262,400 U.S.A. and Canada .. 401 Total drilled .. .. +262,801 262,80t Total frown ami chilled.460,0« 260,61" 720,6(51 Foreign Live stock and fresh killed. 4,860 6,315 11,175 Total importation into U.K.464.004 2Se.lK!2 731,33« Home grown.799~300 206,000 1,095,:100 Total consumption in . TJ.K.3,264,204 562,032 1,527,136 *From these totals 6,621 tona in all should U« deducted as having been re-exported to the United States. LEAVE OF ABSENCE ON FULL PAY. A telegram has been received from the »Australasian head office of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company advising that the directors of the company 'havc resolved that in the event of any of its employes being called upon for military or.naval service, full leave of absence will be granted on full pay, and their positions kept open for them. THE SERIOUSNESS OF WAR. Shortly before 6 o'clock on Wednesday 'Mr. F. A. Lakeman, at the request of Mr. James Marshall, palled all the em- ployes at the rsrtab'.ishinent of Messrs. J. Marshall & Co. together at the rear of the establishment, in Stophens-placc. Mr. Lakeman gave a short address, in which he referred to the seriousness of war, and said if ever the occasion arose for them to be called upon 'for duty he was nure they would all respond. The employes to the number of about 400 sang the _ National Anthem and "Rate Britannia," and gave cheers for England, Australia, and the Empire. THE ENGLISH FLEET IN WAR TIME. WHAT " CLEAR FOR ACTION " MEANS. » . - GRIM PREPARATIONS. A RENDEZVOUS AT "WHERE' f The pride of the British navy-the First Fleet-has been ordered from its base at Portland (Eng.), under "sealed orders/' and to all, except those closely connected with Admiralty headquarters, its present whereabouts is a mystery. That is exactly as it is intended to be by the Naval Lords, who are responsible for such movements. This v«*r>- mystery, .however, malees conjec- ture all the more rife, and the questions heard on all sides arc:-"Why did the home fleet leave the Channel?" and "Where is it now?*' "What's it doing?" ¿c. These questions, however, must to a great extent remain unanswered, at least until the war is over, when, no doubt, confiding "Tars"' will tell their friends where the fleet went to, and what it did. By this means the full details will become public (says a naval correspondent of the Sydney "Daily Telegraph"). This much is, however, certaint and public curiosity can consequently be satisfied on the point. The First Fleet, with its six miles of super-Dreadnoughts, Dreadnoughts, pre Dreadnoughts, cruisers, light cruisers, tor- pedo gunboats, gunboats, sloops, de- stroyers, torpedo Boats, and a few sub- marines, lias put out to sea for safety's sake, mtil it is .needed io go into action. Until such time it will remain out in the open sea, awaiting the moment to strike. It lias long been recognised in naval warfare that tor a fleet to remain in har- bor renders it liable to surprise and iso- lation, consequently, like a sailing vessel in rough weather, the safety valve is "sea room." Apart from the dangers of sur- prise and isolation, which have threatened all fleets, a new danger has arisen owing to the advance made in the scientific con- struction of vessels of war. This new danger is the submarine. Even the great super-Dreadnoughts are regarded as sub- servient to the fierce little "death adders" which work beneath the wave, and whose full power in actual warfare has yet to be learned-probably all too soon if the pre- sent war brings the opposition fleets into action. These dangers are the cause of the Home Fleet's mysterious and secret movements, but there "is also the added advantage that with the fleet's vanishing the enemy are at a loss to know where it is or when or where its attack will be made. A fleet's quick attacking strength is only to . be gauged by its slowest ship, as the combined ships go into action together, upon a con- certed plan. Nevertheless it is certain that-in this picked -fl**^, which, so soon after its review by King George, has gone off on serious business, there is no «¿lip that cannot rush into action at from 20 to 30 knots. With such a speed oig distan 3cs can quickly be covered, and the scene of action promptly reached. -Ever Watchful! Although the First Fleet-England's first line of defence-is "lost" at sea, it must not be thought thatit is removed from con- stant touda with the Admiralty, and all that is going on-both in the Continent and in Great.Britain. The Fleet has vari- ous mean« of communication. It has its wireless (operating with the secret code jf the British Admiialty-a cipher which has probably been changed at the eleventh nour in ease any foreign Power has secured a reading of any or all the usual ciphers used). Secondly, the Fleet is attended by vessels of the fleetest type which aet as scouts. Thirdly, the Fleet's whereabouts is probably close to some point with which tlic Admiralty is in constant communica- tion. Tile Fleet's scouts will attend to the duty of picking up the news from this point, every care being taken to prevent discovery, or any information leaking out which would serve to betray the warships' position. This danger of discovery is. of course, erer present, but the navy- has a way of its own in dealing with any contingency that arises which would be likely to lead to a betrayal. For instance, t/aould any vessel come upon the Fleet, she would be de- tained. If a British or allied vessel, she would be allowed to proceed after her cre- dentials had been examined, and precau- tions taken to ensure secrecy concerning the Fleet's position. The Fleet's "scouts," of course, also keep it fully advised of the enemy's position and movements. The Secret Meeting. What the Home fleet has just done by vanishing from Portland under '-sealed orders"_ constitutes a reguar evolution, which is practised from time to tune in times of peace, and as there is no dif- ference at present except the almost cer- tain action that will follow, a description of the evolution and its carrying out will prove interesting. 'When a fleet sails under "sealed orders" the vessels rarely keep together; they are each making for a certain spot in the ocean -determined by tlie line's' of latitude and longitude. Each ship rushes to the tryst at top speed exactly as if hastening to the spot to help her sister ships in action. Of course, on approaching the appointed meet- ing place, the watchful eyes of the look- outs see the smoke of other ships making for the same spot, and in a short time the fleet is reassembled. The flagship's pen- nant is saluted, and thf-n, and then only, the various commanders are made; aware of what evolutions aro to be carried ou". The necessity for such practice evolutions is quite apparent at the present juncture. Often enough, the officer in charge of a certain number of ships receives a surprise himself. As his ships approach the ap- pointed place, the ever- watchful look-out3 report other vessels making for the spot. Conjecture is then rife, though au Ad- miralty move is often t-nough suspected. Siu-e enough, it is often an Admiralty move, .mel one which, no doubt. is bein.? repeated on the present occasion. The ad- miral in charge of the fleet's mo vernon ta finds his vessels joined by the squadron» such has- 8o-4mddciib7 rai go-'caexBedBähf' met his fleet, and the opening of the "sealed orders" reveals that the two sec- tions are to carry out combined evolutions. Such a movement Í3, no doubt, being car- ried out at present, and the great first fleet is in all probability being joined by various other sections of England's sea de- fence line. The cabled advices state that i the China squadron lias sailed under sealed I orders from Wei-hai-Wei, and if not 1 actually at present linked up with the first line of defence is ready in c!o<>e touch, and communication with the first fleet.. Similarly no doubt the Australian fiept will shortly find itself engaged in the duty of policing the Pacific Oceafc. assist- ed by the Japanese vessels of war, ;ind who shall say in the future that the Dominions should not have their navies ready to take such responsibility over from the Motherland, at such moments «s these when every ship, aye and, every gun and man, may be needed to settle deciávelv the great fight upon which so much depends. Had Now Zealand a navy proportionately equal to Australia s small but fully equipped and efficient ! fleet, and had Canada her similar quota to add, then indeed would the Pacific have been well policed and if necessary strong backing could have been given to the Home fleet. The Australian navy, it is interesting to note, has proved already that it is efficient in all the necessary branches, and ready to take its nlace beside the Imperial squadrons. The recent battle practice, nio-ht firing, and other similar evolutions, showed that the fleet had made won- derful progress in the short period of its existence. .'Clear for Action." One evolution which the. Australian fleet has been carrying out in practice has also, ere this, been carried out by tlie Home fleet with the difference that the. first-fleet has carried it out in its entirety preparatory for a grim and ghastly struggle. To those ? who have never witnessed this evolution known hy- the, name "of the order ¡riven "Clear for action," a brief description of it should prove of interest. Immediately the order is given _ every section of. >" 'ip's company nas its al- lotted work. The order really means to strip the ship of everything that is use- less in a battle, and particularly anything that would be likely to prove dangerous, such as woodwork, which besides being dangerous from a fire point of view, would be likely to provide splinters which would cant« injury to the men and add to the damage caused by the enemy's shot and shell. How thoroughly a ship is stripped would amaze any landsman. In practice, "Clear for action," simply means the clearing away of any deck fit- tings, &c;, which would interfere with gun fire, but the conditions, under which the Home fleet has carried the order out, ensures that there will be nothing left until the eleventh hour, owing to the score of expense. Stanchions and such like fittings will be -pitched into the sea, and even the deck planking will go over- board. In the more modern ships, how- ever, the decks are entirely of steel and without planking or any other covering. Tlie less modern ships have steul decks with a second decking of plunks. These under "Clear for action," will quickly be unbolted and thrown overboard, Furniture and tlie fittings of the officer's uibins will follow suit; in fact, everything of an inflammable nature will go over- board. This step costs hundreds of pounds, but it is preferable to risking a ship worth nearly two million pounds, and also the lives of hundreds of picked men manning her. Nothing dangerous to the working or safety of the ship is sacred at such a time, over it has to go. . There is no differ- ence between the luxurious fittings of the commander's cabin and the men's mess room. Armchair and mess stool float off side by side, and their space is utilised for the working of quick-firing guns, «Sx;. '.The Darker' Side. A hint of the stern and grim work about to be indulged in is given when even the boats are cut away from the davits and sunk or destroyed. Tin's shows clearly the work in hand, and that the ship is to be fought to the last, »another grim precau caution is the sanding of the decks, espe- cially roundr- the gillis and ammunition racks. Other precautions taken which show the grave nature of the-work being prcp- ired for are the laying of the ship's fire hoses about the decks. Rope and other ma- terials likely to afford protection to tlie gun crews arc placed about the guns, and even the ship's hospital is removed to the lowest' depths of the ship, to that the wounded, shall be in the safest position to. receive attention. Awaiting the Gall. Thus, stripped of all useless appendages aud changed to a naked mass of steel, fitted only for lighting purposes, the pick and pride of England's^ fleet is now lying some- where in the vicinity of the North Sea-l-e ihoved from the eyes of the world, yet weil remembered. It lies quietly-, yet watch- ful, awaiting the call which shall decide the greatest question that-the world has been faced with for mauy years. It is Britain's fleet, yet how many millions in Europe and in the Oversea Dominions' are eagerly waitihg for news of" it, and how many are relying upon it, and how -much depends upon it. With this great responsibilitv and ever watchful and ready, the ghostly grey lines of steel arc slowly moving backwards and forwards across a narrow _ strio of ocean. Shot and shell are ready in the ammuni- tion racks beside the guns; the gun crews arc sleeping, fully dressed at their posts; ever watchful eyes are on guard, while the shifts of toiling stokers ceaselessly ply their shovels to keep up full steam ready for that headlong rush through night or day to the scene of action-to that grim and ghastly sce- nc upon which so much will depend and which even at this late hair-when all is ready-the whole of the civilised world dreads and hopes to sec avoided. < RETURNED SOUTH AFRICAN SOLDIERS. WILL MEET FRIDAY NIGHT TO DECIDE UPON CONCERTED ACTION. The men who saw active service 'in South Africa arc closely watching develop- | ments in connection with the present \ crisis. Cn Thursday afternoon the bon. secretary of the- South African Soleliers' A«¡oeiatiurf of South »\ustralia (Mr. A. E. Speere) stated that he was conve-ning a thoronghly representative meetinc of the association to be held at the Sclborne Hotel on Friday evening. Tlie great con- flict will be discussed and concerted ac- tion decided upon. The association com- mises members from all narts of the Empire who served in the South African war of 1899-1902. It is anticipated that in South .Australia there arc 1.000 re- turned soldiers fit 'for active tjervice. Quorn, August 5. It is intended to hold a monster patrio- tic meeting here on Thursday. The Mayor will address the people, and a band will plav "G'od Save the King." Patriotic speeches mil be delivered. The Adver- tiser*' was rushed by an eager crowd to learn the news of the war. AIRCRAFT IN WAR. ? M. GUILLAUX'S VIEWS ? m - GERMANY'S HEAVY AND SLOW DIRIGIBLES. M. Guillaux. the Frenchman, who gara such a fine demonstration of the art of ay« ing in »\del aide recently, expressed the view to a Melbourne pressman a few day« ago that aerial machines would prove per- haps the greatest factor in the preserri .struggle. "Austria," he added, "is pro» bably the most poorly equipped of all thi European nations, compared with its sue, and has .only about ten military 'planes. These are chiefly Etrich mono- planes, which are very fast; but there arc also a few bi-planeîa. It was'on one of these machines that Lieu- tenant Blach, at the Vienna meeting, the day after his wedding, two years ago, ascended with his wife to a height of 5,000 metres, which was then a world's altitude record. Tlie .Austrian airmen are skilful and intrepid, but at the Vienna meeting all the big prizes, amounting to £8,000, were won by France. The greatest number of the Etrich monoplanes manufactured in Austria were sold to Germany. ' "Servia depends upon France for the supply of her aircraft," M. Guillaux continued, ''and sha "" has. I believe, about 12 Bleriot monoDianes. Her airmen were trained at the Blerioc schools in France, and, while they cannot be classed as first-class airmen, they cer- tainly can fly, and fly well." ''But it is not by -judging the rival strengths of the two aerial forces that we can gauge the extent to which air ciaft will be Used. Airmen will crowd to the theatre of the wai- from all quar- ters of the earth, and there will be soma thrilling incidents. In the night-time tha dirigible balloon will rise for recon- noitring purposes. But if perchance ona i« sighted by tlie enemy's ' aeroplanes it will quickly be destroyed. The engines of the military aircraft, of course, will be silenced just in the same manner as a motor car engine. The whistling of tha wind over the planes -»ill be the only, indication of their headlong progre.-i through the night. The 'planes in snell circumstances wili prove to be impossible targets for the gunners beneath, white their crews, unobserved, can wreak ven- geance witn explosives on the crowded trenches, ot on the bulky and almost help« less airships. '"Germany lays great forte ha bet? dirigible airships, and possesses more ot both the rigid and semi-rigid types than any other nation. The German 'planes arc heavy and slow.*' - The ainneh of France, according to ' M. Guillaux, ara equipped with quick-rising 'planes, which, , are also very fast. "With one of tha iatest type," M. Guillaux remarked, "I could lot-ate any anny within _ an are» of 200 miles from my base without, I firmly believe, tlie enemy being any tha wiser. To hide themselves from the eyes of the ainnen they must be under cover of a roof. Great as i« Germany'j strength in dirigibles, she irould wot re maip in the field long .igainst these fast flying 'planes. While the heavy German bi-planes were riding 3.000 ft. a Frencii squadron could have ris°n 6,000 ft., and then," M. Guillaux addeel significantly, "there would be the bombs!" Russia is the "'dark horse" of tha aerial annies of Europe. She is credited with having spent more money in that particular branch of her military forces than any other nation. Russia also pos- sesses the largest practicable flying ma cnine and the most heavily armed aere> planes in existence. GERMANY IN THE PACIFIC. - NUMEROUS ISLAND POSSESSIONS. /' A DANGEROUS NAVAL BASE I For many years Germany has been steadily pursuing a policy of expansion ia the Pacific. This is one phase of her am- bitious dreams of a colonial Empire. To establish this Empire Germany for many years has spent over two millions an- nually. And. as the revenue from her coloniüs in Africa and the Pacific only amounts to about half a million, the an- nual loss is roughly £1,300,000. German colonisation in the Pacific .(writes the -. Sydney Morning Herald") iw a thing of recent growth. Prior to 1870 German in- terests, were practically confined to tin* Fatherland. In 1879 a big firm of Ger- . man merchante failed, and their interest» > in the Pacific were about to be taken over by Baring Brothers, of London. Buc Bismaick saw that this would inevitably, mann that England would secure the Ger- man interests in Samoa and other islands. So the German Commercial and Plantation Association of the Southern Seas ,was formed, and the. Iron Chancellor became the champion of colonial expansion. Hug«? , slices of territory were acquired in Africa, and many islands in the Pacific. Millions were spent by the German people^ but st» far they have not reaped a pecuniary re- ward commensurate with the outlay. A! glance at tlie map of the Pacific, excluding the East ln«lio«. shows that Great Britain -in spite of her apathy in lci-cnt years -still has a big share of the islands. But there is no gainsaying the advances which Germany has made. Starting from the Ladrones (or Marianne Islands), with the * exception of Gnam, which is American'. " Germany control« a tremendous area ol ? Melanesia mid Polynesia. The whole of the colonies are under the flagi of the Fatherland: then far- ther south aro New Britain. New i Ireland, and hundreds uf smaller island« . Tound these two groups, and known as the ¡ Bismarck Archipclaso. TrVn there is tha j north-ca«t' portion of New Guinea; father' east arc the Solomon Islands, the southern,/ portion of which belongs to Great Britain,' but the two northern islands, Bougainville and Buka, with some of the .adjacent islets, belongs to Germany. North-east again are the Marshall Islands, which belong entirely) to Germany, and a few isolated island» like Nauru (Pleasant Island). South-east again is Samoa, which i« mainly German, thoujrh America owns Tutuila (Pago Pago). To Australiano the chief point of interest in the German possessions is New Britain, for here the great naval base of Simpson hafen WIIH recently established at a cost of thousands of pounds. Qidetly, under the feuise of mercantile expansion, Germany expeditiously and-successfully a few- years ago built-up this naval base, right within etriking distance of Torres Straits, where all lines bet« ecn Australia and the East con- verge. Simpson- hafen is on a peninsula of Sllanchc Bay, at Malupi. It is commanded i>v highlands of volcanic origin, and is an ideal site for a naval base. The wharf is 3.000 ft. long, with spacious warehouses costing £40.000. The wharf is larger than any in Australia, and is equal to the needs of a city of 100,000 people. But there is no trade and few people at Simpson-hafen. The port of Ilerbcrtshone is only 10 miles away. When operations first commenced the island traders were puzzled at the scheme. They wondered where the huge shipments of timber and stores were going. In the "Sydney Morning Herald" cf Xovcmben 11, 190a, there appeared the jirophetie sentence:-''Australia will pro- bably never know what is being stored in the gigantic warehouses of Simpson-hafen with any degree of certainty unless at any time wo -should be at war with Germany."' » - J THE PEOPLE'S FOOD. WHOLESALE TRADERS' .. * PRICES. I IMPORTED GOODS IN- CREASED. '- LOCAL ARTICLES UN \\- ALTERED. "Wholesale merchants in the hardware, proeery. and softgoods trade, at a meeting held on Thursday afternoon, decided that the price of imported goods during the war fJiculd be such, as would cover the actual tost at place of landing and allow of a icasonable profit being made. They agreed to act, similarly in regard to goods pro- duced and manufactured in Australia, to regulate supplies, and to encourage re- tailers to act likewise. Later in tlie day this decision was placed before the Pi emier (Hon. A. H. Peake) by a deputation, consisting of Mr. A. J.. McLachlan, chairman of the South »austra- lian Liberal Union, tlie president of the llardware Trade Association of South Aus- tralia (Mr. A. H. Proston), the president of the Wholesale Grocers' Association (Mr. ¡Peter Wood), and Mr. Wallace Bruce,- rc ] resenting »Mr. G. A. Jury, president of the Adelaide Warchemseraen's »Association. Tue deputation was introduced by* lion. D. J. Goidon. -Mr. McLachlan said that the conference bl,which the above resolution was carried was called by him alter he had èonsulted with 'the vice-presidents of the Liberal ¿Union. The deputation wished to assure lum and the people of South Australia that famine prices would not be charged, and that tlie wholesale houses desireit to see a casonable _ conditions maintained. The i.nly way in which that state of affairs tould be brought about was by the public tai »guarding itself in its trade with the retail hoiiccs He said that the spirit .which actuated the conference was this: "This is a time of stress and trouble, and everybody must bear his or her share in the burden or loss which is bound to fall t1 pon a community engaged as we are in warfare. The merchant» arc in an ex teedingly difficult position, more difficult than the public thinks. One illustration will suffice.. Cargoes bought before the outbreak of war and paid for and con- signed in German vessels have not reached South »Vustralia, and will not reach here or any other British port. No insurance sigainst war risk having been effected, the .merchant will buffer a* severe loss. Of <. ourse, the merchant has to endeavor to protect himself, but the general feeling is that there sha'il be no preying upon the needs of the public by this body of reput- able commercial men, who met cheerfully at'my call this afternoon and passed this loaolution. You can accept their word; thev will abide bv it." Mr. Peter Wood (G. Wood, Son, & Co.1, oimittedjthat the wholesale grocers .had raised pïïc-es on some commodities',/ but they did so, he said, because they in a measure were the custodians of the people's food supplies. In the interests of the pub- lic-it was necessary' for them to conserve stocks. Prices were not increased, he said, until Monday, when war was _ imminent. Taking the average weekly requirements of H house as costing 15', he estimated that the advance in rates would result in the householder paying an additional 5}d. a week. He said that approximately one lifth of tlie groceries 3old here were brought from Great Britain and Continen- tal countries, and owing to the expected bad season in South Australia the stocks were very light, there not being more than two months' supply on hand. What would happen'if the wai- was prolonged beyond two months he could not say. It woul 1 ¡lie very difficult to import goods- Freight ¡by British ship3 would, he expected, ad- vance from £2 5/ to from £1 to £5 a ton. 'He "said that the increases made on im- ported goods by the grocers ranged from 5 per cent, to 15 per cent., the average pro- bably being 12 per cent- Of a grocer's stock 80 per cent, was made or grown in »Australia,* and on that there lied not been any advance excerpt where the producer »himself had made one. It had been said that the wholesale grocers had acted in an unreasonable manner; they had not, and did not intend to. ''We want/' Mr. Wood added, "to husband our "supplies so that Et-epulxtors in the trade will not buy up «n undue proportion of the stock. Our desii^i is to keep the rank and file of the store* keepers supnlied. We could have sold out an a very short time. Considerable specu- lation would have been the result, and the Erna.ll storekeeper would have found him-, fce'f-,unable to obtain supplies." Mr. Wood went on to say that cream of tu-tai- had gone up from 1/ to 1/6 a lb. Tt was one of the chief _ ingredients in the manufacture of self-raising flour. Ha¿ they not raised the price stocks would hive .been bought up. and thev would not then have had enough to keep their factory at work, and men would have been thrown out of employment. He said that had the wholesale grocers desired they could have eold their stocks to Victoria at very en- hanced rates, but they would not do that, because they were in sympathy with the public. The merchants realised that many men would be thrown out of work, and that to increase their burden was most i rael. They were trving to do a fair thing towards the communitv. The Premier replied that the remarks of the deputationists and the tone of the re- solution pleased him very much. Everv Yight-thinking person in the State would pgree that it would be veiv cruel for the . ustodians of the people's food sandy to take advantage of the Empiie's misfortune.'.! He congratulated the merchants on their patriotic action. The assurances they had given would allav feelings of apprehension, and their example would no doubt be fol- lowed by retailers - throughout the State. Ile was delighted to know that there were large supplies of locallv-mede goods, and that the people had no reason to fear d shortage. PREVENTINGTCORNERING. A WESTERN AUSTRALIAN BILL Perth, »August 6. The Assembly to-day suspended the «tanding orders to pass through all stages a Bill to prevent the cornerins of food re- quirements during war time. The Premier (Mr. Scaddon) said the measure was not to alarm but to reassure the public. There had been some rises in the price of flour and sugar, for example, for which there was no justification. There was nei war s-enrcity. An enemv was not at our shores, and not likely to be. »Australia produced practically all her essential food require- ments, and in Perth there was four months' full supply of imported foods and 12 mouther supply generally. The Bill was intended to prevent persons utilising a rational calamity for the purpose of ex- tracting profit out of the people's food. He had telegrams and letters from Kal- goorlie and elsewhere on the subject, and noted that the Victorian Premier was in . accord with the principles laid down» The Bill conferred large powers, but probably it would not be necessary to enforce them, and, moreover, no prosecution under the Act could be undertaken without the v litten authority of the Attorney-General, jin hid consulted the Opposition leadpi (Mr. Will-on) in regard to the measure. It ni ¡¿ht be necessary later to consider the {,i-es of industries, timber and copper mining, for example, carried on with out lid» capital, which, miaht be affected by, tile iîncLa str*-ngencies of war. with. the re- sult that numbers of men would be ren- dered idle. Mr. Wilson expressed approval of the Bill. Sonic country members thought it might affect the fanners' and pastoralists' supplies, but it was carried on the voices, taken through Committee, and will be sent to the Legislative Council to-night. Tiie Bill provides that the Governor shall appoint a Royal Commission, on whose recommendation he may bj- order in Council fix maximum prices for neccs earics_ of life. No person having food sup- plies in excess of personal requirements for three months shall refuse to sell under a penalty of £1,000. No per- son shall buy up and store necessaries of life with intent to raise the price or export them beyond the Commonwealth without the written permission of tho Colonial Treasurer. DOMESTIC SUPPLIES. 1 GROCERY PRICES 1 IRREGULAR. MANY LEADING LINES NOT ADVANCED BY WH0LE i SALE HOUSES. Buring the past few days there has been a scare-feeling in the minds of housewives that prices of ordinary food lines were likely to advance very materially owing to the war In many instances there lias con- sequently been a run on numerous artices, and storekeepers have bad to advance prices to protect their stocks. There is, however, no occasion for alarm at present. So far as ordinary necessities are con- cerned, Australia is self-contained. There are sufficient stocks of wheat and flour to meet all requirements until the next wheat crop is available, in December, while sup- plies of meat, sugar, and dried fruits are ample for all needs of the people of Aus- tralia for some time to come. For a num- ber of lines prices have certainly advanced, the increase being due chiefly to the fact that the countries of origin are at present at war with Great Britain, or that the track ofr steamers carrying these goods from neutral countries would be through the danger zone, and if goods ordered now ever arrived extra insurance and other costs would more than aeconnt for the advances that have been made. Tile greater part of the goods for which prices have been raised during tho past few days aro not absolute necessities, and the following lists of goods advanced in price, and those for which no change has so far been made, clearly shows that thero is no need at pre- sent for householders to be uneasy: No Increase in Prices Advanced Price. ' for. Sngar Canned fish other Kerosine than salmon Condensed milk Tartaric acid Soap Cream of tartar Candles Imported mustard \- Jams , Imported vinegar Canned salmon Pepper Rice ' Tea Canned fruits Coffee Dried fruits Self-raising flour Colonial vinegar Cocoa Colonial pickles French peas Eggs French beans. Butter Bacon . Cheese RETAIL GROCERS' ASSO- CIATION ADVANCE PRICES. Retail grocprs in the metropolitan area have on account of the European wari ad- vanced the price of tea 3d. a lb., and of coPce Id. a ib. An increase bas been made on all impoitcd lines,, but those on tea and coffee arc the heaviest. Following is a list of the prices which members of the Retail Grocers' Association were charging'on Thursday morning:-Camphor, 5d. cake: Frv's cocoa, 1/6, 9d., 5d.; Bôurn ville, lid.: Cadbury's, lid., 1/9; Vi-Cocoa, T/l, 5/;""~FryV Breakfast, 1/2; all jars Dastes, lOJd.; essence linseea, lid., 1/3; bottled herbs," 7d.; cocoanut, 7d. lb.; boracic, 9d. lb.; cream of tartar, 1/S lb.; cinarv seed, 3d. lb.; fresh herrings, 4*td., Td.; kippered berringa. 5W., 84d.; smoked in oil, 7d.: sardines, 3d., 4d., 5d., 8d.; pea sausage, 'Hd.; Colmaii's mustard, 7d., 1/1, 2/; Bovril, 1/, 2/, 3/2; patent barley, 1/; groats, 1/; Van Houtên's, 1/2; 50 lb. bag flour, 0/3; 25 do., 3/3; 150 do., 17/; «.R. flour, Lion, Arab, 5d., 6 lb. 1/4; Mei lin's food, 1/6, 2/6; Hoffman's starch, 7d.; tartaric acid, 2/6 quarter; citric acid, *Vj 1/ quarter; tinned beans, lid.; Eno's fruit salts, 1/; Liebig's extract, 1/3; Queensland do., 1/2; red herrings, If, 1/10; matches, 3*¡d., 3/ gross: caroonate soda, 3*>d.> sulphur, 3d.; anchovy sauce (Sut ton's), l/*2; harricot beans, 3Jd.; carra- way seeds, 1/3: lima beans, 6d.: hemp seed, 3d.: Horlick's milk, 1/9, 2/10; knife polish, 4d., 7d.; Holbrook's sauce, 9d-, l/; Lea & Perrin's sauce, 1/3, 2/4; Sheldrake's pickles, 1/; tricopherous, 1/6; Cuticura soap, 1/2; do. ointment. 2/9; do. Resol- vent. 3/; Reckitt's blue, 1/1; kerosine, Light Age, 5/; do. White Rose, 4/10; do. Shell, 4/8; do. Silver Light, 4/; Milkmaid milk, 10d.; Champion's vinegar, 7Ad.; sugar, 2/9 dozen, 6 lb. 1/4J, 15/6 per bag. KEROSINE. N0 ADVANCE IN" PRICE. It has been reported in many quarters that there has been an advance in the price of kerosine, and some storekeepers are understood to be taking advantage cf this by increasing their selling rates to the consumer. Mr. J. Stead Clark, mana- ger of Vacuum Oil Company, states that there has been no advance in the price of White Rose kerosine. His company will endeavor to avoid making any in- crease in rates, and no change will be made unless absolutely necessary. Mr. Clark expresses his regret that some dis- tributors to the public have taken advan-| tage of the excitement of the moment, and are charging rates that are not war- ranted, tile first cost of White Rose oil not having yet been advanced. SUGAR "SUPPLIES. AMPLE FOR 12 MONTHS. One of the chief lines of interest to the housekeeper at panic times is sugar, and there is always a dread of any ad- vance of price. With the outbreak of war, many nervous people look for higher costs vritih respect to all neces- saries, and it should be a relief to them to learn that there is not likely to be any movement in the direction feared, so far as sugar is concerned. At the present time there are 'ample supplies to inept oil requirements for some time. Mr. Alfred Astley, Adelaide manager of the Colonial Sugar. Refining Company, in conversation witüi a representative of "The Advertiser" on Thursday, stated that there was at present no suggestion of an increase in price. There was a carry over of sugar from last season, T,Jhile 'the Australian crop for 1914 e»rtablished a record, Queensland alone having oroduced -242,837 ton5-. This, wita the production of New South Wales and other places, should be sufficient to me;t all requirements until September, 1915. Wliile tliero is no idea of any increase^ in lírico, ic should not be forgotten that supplies from Queensland to the southern States are water borne, and if ports be closed and sugar had to be brought forward by rail, there would con- sequently be added cost. THE PRICËJ3F FLOUR. A member of one of the milling firms in South Australia has called attention to the fact that the prhe of flour dur- ing the past week 3ia.s only been ad- vanced from 5/ to 10/ per fou. There is consequently no re.i«on for the retail price of this commodity to be ma- terially increased. EGGS DECLINE IN PRICE. With «the advance in price noted in many lines, it will be pleasing to con- sumers to learn that thero has been a lewering in egg values. At the produce ai.ction sales on Thursday supplies shelved a seasonably increase, and this with an absence of export enquiry was respon- sible for a decline in value of a penny halfponny per dozen. Hen sold at 10J«1. per dozen, and duck at 12Jd. per «lozen. Cheese was also a^snadc ea'sicr. but both butter and bacon "remained unchanged. VEGETABLES'CHEAPER. BROKEN HILL AND PORT PIRIE ORDERS. SHRINKAGE BY 50 PER CENT. In contradistinction to the rise in the price of foodstuffs generally, as well as other household commodities, the public will find some slight satisfaction in the possibility that vegetables and fruit mnv become much cheaper for a while, although the drop_ in the value of them will be I keenly felt bj- the growers whose living I they represent. It w.is reported on Thur* dav that the vegetable and fruit market in Adelaide has become much easier, owing principally to the fact that Broken Hill and Port Pirie, two of the largest buying centres so far as the Adelaide trade is con- cerned, have cut down their orders fully 50 per cent. The principal lines affected are cauliflowers, cabbages, and root vegetables, «uch as turnips, parsnips, and carrots. The price for eabtiages and cauliflowers has al- ready eased to the extent of 2/ a dozen, and a further reduction is looked for. If the growers can possibly delay gathering the crops they will do So. but as they are dependent upon wbat they sell in the market for their livelihood, and it is no good letting the stuff pet Hi in their gar- dens, they appear to have no alternative to taking the prices Tilling. Tnrnips and other lines can be purchased m the market at 6d. a dozen wholesale-a drop of 6d. a dozen on the previous wholesale buying price. In regard to fruit, oranges have suffered prin- cipals by the reduction of orders.^ Being a high-priced line, they naturally felt the effects first, together with bananas. This is mostly due to the decline in Broken Hill and Port Pirie orders, but the trade gene'-ally in Adelaide has been influenced by the restriction of credit, and is less than what it is normally. Potatoes and onions are reasonable in pi ice for this time of the year, onions fetching -£9 10/ a ton and potatoes from £7 to £S.. These lines are ruled by the market in Victoria, and as that "centre reports a fairly firm market, prices here are influenced in that direction. It is not considered likelv that the present cri-.is will have much effect on thom. FOODSTUFFS IN XEW ZEALAND. Wellington, August 5. Foodstuff prices are stationary to- day. Merchants do not expect further advances or any cause for public anxiety regarding prices. Replying to the ques- tion in the House of Repräsentatives, the Premier'said he Bad endeavored to collect particulars of the supplies of foodstuff available. As far as ascertam able the quantity was sufficient to hist seven or eight " months. There was no evidence yet that the community waj being exploited by an undue rise of prices, but if such, evidence arose the Government would ask Parliament to as- sist them in raking drastic measures. GERMAN "WELT POLITIK/' PRICE OF AN UNDERSTAND- ING WITH ENGLAND. Considerable interest at this juncture attaches to the views expressed by Sir Harry Johnston concerning the nature of Germany's policy and what would be expected of Great Britain in order to secure a friendly nnder standing with bei. Sir Harry John- ston, who visited the Fatherland recently, derived iiis information, not from the Jin- goes in Germany, 'bur, from prominent poli1 ticiain, captains of industry, merchant princes, leaders of commerce, experienced bureaucrats, and gallant officers with whom he came in contact. He questioned them freely, and was frankly answered. Subse- quently he expressed the opinion thal there was no chance of an -understanding with Germany unless Great Britain was pepared to pay the price, and the price-or rather the first instalment of it-was exorbitant. "The Germans." he said, "propose as their theatre of political influence commercial expansion and agricultural experiments, the undeveloped lands of the Balkan Peninsula, of Asia Minor, and of 'Mesopotamia, down even to the mouth of the Euphrates. They might ibe willing, in agreement with the rest of the world, to create an Eastern Bel- gium in Syria-Palestine-perhaps a Jewish state-which, merely 'by the fact of its be- ing charged with the safe keeping of the holy places of Christianity, would quite possibly become undenominationally Chris- tian. A Turkish sultanate might continue to exist in Asia Minor, just as there will probably be for centuries a King and Queen of the Netherlands, of Austria-Hungary, Bohemia, Bulgaria, and Roumania; bût German influence at Constantinople would become supreme wbethcr or not it was under the black, white, and red flag, «r under the crescent and star ensign of By santiirra." Holland, he declared, could not escape; it also formed part of the price de- manded for a truce to the war of arma- ments. Holland must be incorporated with Germany, if not formally, at least virtually. " ^Henceforth,' these Germans told me," he says. '* 'the Kingdom of the Netherlands must by means of a very strict alliance, come within the German sphere. We have already 'brought pressure to bear on the Dutch Government to ensure this. We intend to stand no nonsense, and ad- mit no tergiversation in this respect. So long as Holland consents to be more nearly allied with the German Empire than with any other Power, so long its dynasty, its internal independence and the governance of its oversea possessions (in which more and more German capital is bring sank annually) will remain completely undis- turbed. But you may take it from us that an alliance for offensive and defensive purposes now exists (between Holland and Germany, and the foreign policy of the two nations- will henceforth 'be as closely allied as is that of Germany and Austria. If the British do not consent to the terms of the Germans we will take the matter into our own hands and put the wJaole question to the test when the right opportunity comes by occupying Belgium (and Holland), by throwing down the gage of battle to France; and, as the outcome of victor}-, in- corporate within the German sphere not only Holland and Belgium, -but also Pic- ardy. That would be our way of com- mencing the duel with Great Britain. But we should make use of our navy to defend the approaches of HoHand, Belgium, and Denmark, and we ask you what sort of efforts yon would have to mate in the way of anny organisation to bo able even in alliance with France and Russia, to ttii-n us out of the low countries if you com- pelled us to occupy them.' " LATEST NEWS CANADA PURCHASES SUB- MARINES. OTTAWA, August 6. The Canadian Government have pur- chased two submarines now in course of construction at Seattle for the Chilian Government. READY FOR THE FRAY. CANADA'S ARMY CORPS. NIAGARA TO SAIL FOR AUSTRALIA. OTTAWA, »Vugust 6. All arrangements- are now complete for the dispatch of a Canadian Anny Corps of 30,000 men to Europe. It is understood a requtïst has already been received for the troop*. Conferences are proceeding wita -the heads of the great transportation systems for the conveyance of troops- over the »Atlantic. The Minister of Militia (Colonel Hughes) has ¡«sued an appeal to all Canadian news- papers to refrain from publishing news of the -movements of Canadian troops. They are asked to act as the British papers are doing. The Government have granted the Niag- ara her clearances, and -she is expected to «iii from Vancouver within 12 hours. The German cruiser Leipsic has 'been definitely located off the Californian coast, but it is thought -that the iNingara's superior speed will ensure lier safety. UNITED STATES MOBILISING. TO PROTECT HER NEUTRALITY. WASHINGTON, August 6. President Wilson lins signed an order mobilising the land and sea forces of the United States. It is understood they will be requircel to enforce American neutrality I and protect tlie Panama Canal. I All the American warships in 31cxie¡m ?naleis have been ordered to return. PRESIDENT WILSON MEDIATOR. WASHINGTON, August 6. President Wilson has offered to act as .mediator between all the nations at war. Tlie death of Mrs. Woodrow Wilson is momentarily expected, and it was while sittins by her bedside that the Pre- sident drafted his appeal, suggesting his good offices" as nrcdhtbi. GRAIN ELEVATORS GUARDED ARMY DIVISION MOBILISING. ' OTTAWA, A-ugust'6. Tha Government^ havo ordered the militia to guard all the grain elevators on the Great Lakes, lest an attempt be made to blow them up. * Orders baie been issued for the mobi- lisation of the Canadian army division of j 21,000 men immediately at Quebec. ANTI-GERMAN DEMONSTRA- TION. VANCOUVER, August's. A crowd of hoodlums tore down the insignia outside the Vancouver German Consulate yesterday and trampled upon it. Other anti-German demonstrations are re- potted throughout the Dominion. NAVAL ENGAGEMENTS IN AMERICAN WATERS. GERMANS SHELLING GLACE BAY. OTTAWA, »August 6. It is reported that Geaman warships are shelling the wireless stations at Gdacc Bay, in Vova Scotia. Advices from Washington state that heavy firing has been heard off tlie coast of Maine. It is believed that a naval en- gagement i3 proceeding, but no details are to hand. The White Star liner Olympic and the Hamburg-Amerika vessel Kaiser Wilhelm II. arrived in New Yoik safely. The Lor- raine is makiug a dash for France with i.COO French reservists on boaid. The Admiralty have informed tile port authorities that two Gen-man cruisers are operating off the North Pacific coasts of America. British eruis-ers are reported to have captured the Gemían steamer Willnad off the Newfoundland coast. AMERICAN TRAE\T DISASTER, TWENTY-FIVE PERSONS KILLED. NEW YORK, August 5. Advices from Joplin, in Missouri, state that that 25 persons were killed and 25 injured (six fatally) in a Head-on collision between two passenger trains running on the southern íailwav. 