THE DOMINIONS. COMMISSION'S REPORT. FURTHER DETAILS, [ AUSTRALASIAN MATTERS. LONDON, Jan. 28. The report of the Dominions Commission states that the members are deeply impressed by the desire of all classes throughout Australasia to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations not only a tariff preference, but a clear, distinct preference based on sentiment and patriotism. Discussing migration, the report states that labour-saving machinery is much more used in agriculture in Australia and New Zealand than In Europe. Comparisons show that the proportion of population engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits Is smaller in Australasia than in the United States and many European countries, and the town population is excessive. Since the mother country is already dependent upon the oversea dominions for a considerable proportion of her food supplies and raw material, the commission is impressed by the desirableness of as large a portion as possible of the dominions being occupied by population which will assist in the development of their primary resources. THE BEST AGE. The best age for emigrants Is from 16 to 2 years, and it is pointed out that the town bred youth often finds his feet quicker in the new environment oversea than does the rustic. Australia's and New Zealand's requirements can be largely fulfilled by well disposed youths, whom environment in the United Kingdom has forced into "blind alley" employments and youths from the Industrial schools. The commission has not found any evidence that only those who follow agriculture in the old country can become successful agriculturists in the new. There is a strong undercurrent of opposition in Australia and New Zealand to emigra- tion, principally among the urban wage earners and artisans, who regard immigration as likely to increase the competition in the skilled labour market. The commission believes that this hostility arises mainly from the present defects in the immigration system. FEMALE EMIGRATION. Discussing female emigration, the report states that the surplus In Britain is mainly resident in the towns, and is made up principally of elderly ladies and women servants. The first are not possible emigrants, and the | servants can HE be spared, as the ranks of the female domestics have been depleted by the demands of commerce and industry in the United Kingdom of to- day compared with 20 years ago. The commissioners intend to deal with this matter in greater detail in their final report Dealing with the difficulty of family migra- tion, the commissioners state that the parents we often too old to Bettie comfortably. A man is tempted to establish himself prematurely as a farm owner or tenant, and ready. made farms are non-existent to any large extent Farming of the share system, which is extending in Australia, is a highly commend, able System. PITT TOWN FARM EULOGISED. The organisation of family migration will entail considerable public expense before an ideal system Is reached. The report re- commends the fuller use of the methods adopted at the Pitt Town farm, New South Wales, which the commissioners characterise as "an admirable Institution." The report says it is undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested agents. There exists a widespread feeling, which the commission considers to be called, that misrepresenta- Mon is common enough though there are few cases of actual fraud. The possibility of making greater use of the British labour exchanges deserves close attention, particularly in connection with juvenile emigration j INDIAN SOLDIERS AS SETTLERS. The commission recommends greater co-operation between the Home and the Australasian Governments regarding the migration of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whom are willing to go to Australia and New Zealand, but they find a difficulty, though they are already accustomed to a climate more trying than that of Northern Australia. The saving as he direct migration of those from India would allow of considerable financial assistance to such emigrants. wiThC,^mnteBl0n°ra are favourably impressed ."",\ v rain «»'«Heats in Queensland 5 South A tralIa and the Danish says ' ' Norwegian farmers in Victoria. Branch 