OF RURAL INTEREST - - - - (By "Rusticus.") The action of the Minister of Lands and the Minister of Agriculture in the direction of taking steps to check the inroads of the pest known as St. John's Wort in the Beechworth and Bright districts is timely and necessary. Very large areas of valuable country are being devastated. In order to cope with the pest and hold it in check, the Ministers have decided to ask the co-operation of the municipali ties concerned in first of all ascertain- ing the actual area infected, whether it is privately held, or is on pub- lic roads or Crown lands. Immedi- ately the information from the muni- cipalities is received officers will be sent up to complete the investiga- tion as to the infected area. At the same time, officers of the Agricultu- ral department will be told off to in- vestigate and report on the proper re- medies to be adopted. On receipt of all the information the two Ministers will submit recommendations to the Cabinet. - - - The hope of the immigration autho- rities now appears to lie in getting British lads as farm workers. Most of the 28 lads who arrived by the steamer Port Macquarie were engaged promptly for work on farms in various parts of the State. Many of the lads had deposited small sums with the London authorities before commencing the voyage. The money was remitted to the State Treasury, and an officer paid over the amounts duo to those having a little capital behind them. Facilities were provided to enable the young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of the opportunity of commencing a fund which one day they hoped would be sufficient to purchase a block of land from the State. With few ex- ceptions the boys are all of good phy- sique. They come from all parts of Great Britain. Another batch of 240 lads for farm work is due to ar- rive by the steamer Irishman on 11th. May. In order that the next con- tingent of lads might be cleared with as little delay as possible, the immi- gration authorities are anxious that, farmers requiring labor should for- ward early advice. - - - The sub-committee of the State Cabinet on whose advice it was decided to abandon the Maffra Sugar- Beet Factory, do not appear to have got properly acquainted with the real feeling in the district towards the in- dustry. This was proved by the par- ticulars given by the deputation which waited on the Minister of Agriculture. The members proved that the decision to close down the factory had been taken prematurely. - - - The Argentine correspondent of the "Pastoral Review," writing on Decem- ber 20th, says that "all the meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia are, in full swing, and the competition for our cattle and sheep is just what our stock-owners are thoroughly enjoying. Such splendid prices as they are get- ting were not dreamed of twenty years ago. Reports of new meat works in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and Patagonia are rife. The future of the wonderful cattle country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should be excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lands are being secured by North America and British capitalists, and stud cattle are being lntroduced. There is life and excitement in these countries at last. Railways and capi- tal will do the rest." Stock prices for freezing are quoted as follows :-- Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 21/ to 26/3, good 19/3 to 21/; ewes, good to speoial 21/10 to 27/1; merino wethers, special 19/10 to 21, good 17/6 to 19/3; merino ewes, good and special 21/ to 22/6; steers, £11/14 to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and hei- fers, £6/11/ to £9/5/. - - - In the many districts the plough can be seen at work on the stubble pad- docks. With the high prices that have ruled for stock in the past, it is only natural that sheep-owners will turn their attention to providing sheep feed in the winter and early spring months. There can be little doubt that the "Garton" or "Abundance" oat is the most particular one for all- round purposes of this kind. It can be sown with satisfactory results in both autumn and spring, and it pro- vides grain of the best quality with straw of more than average quality. When used for sheep feed in the early stages of growth, the Garton oat is found to be particularly palatable to sheep. In one test this oat was eaten first out of 16 varieties tried. It is found, however, that after feed- ing down the oat does not come away again as do some of the other varieties of oat, and it is therefore not largely used for autumn sown sheep feed. In some districts in New Zealand, the Algerian oat is used fairly extensively. Algerians are found to be very satis- factory for providing winter feed and then, after spring feeding, if allowed to grow for seed they give good re- turns. They appear to excel most oats on light soil, and although the grain is coarse and unsuitable for mil- ling, yet when the sheaves are cut very good chaff is obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, and is particcularly free from rust. The Dun oat is another very popular va- riety, and when sown early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan- tity of green feed throughout the win- ter and spring. Further, if it is in- tended to be cut for grain it can be fed later in the spring than any other variety. Sometimes sheep are left on the crop till the end of October, and then as much as 30 and 60 bushels per acre threshed at harvest. The Dun oat ullers strongly, and although to the eye there does not appear to be much bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty to keep them going for some time. Duns appear to do better when kept well fed down, as in most seasons they grow long weak straw, which soon lod- ges in wet weather. Many farmers still stick by the Danish oat for all round purposes. These oats certainly provide good green feed, and straw' feeding well, besides providing satisfac- tory grain and chaff. - - - In a recent address, Prof. T. L. Haceker, of the Minnesotta College of Agriculture, showed how the milk pro- duction per cow had been increased in Minnesota in the past twenty years from 2800 lb. per cow per year to 4000 lb., the butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb., or an increase of near- ly 3 lb. of butter per cow per year after twenty years. He also gave facts and figures deducted from a cow cen- sus, showing that the average produc- tion of butter-fat per cow depended not so much on breed as on the care and feed given the cow. The milk production, in other words, was in the same ratio with the amount of intelli- gence expended on the herd. Experi- ments demonstrated that from a com- mon cow the care determined whether she produced 100 lb. of 300 lb of but- ter in a year. " - - - A new wheat is reported from the Jamestown district, South Australia. Of five acres sown, two acres were cut for hay, and returned six tons, and the remainder, stripped for grain, yielded 39 bags, which represented an average of about 40 bushels to the acre. The wheat originally was introduced from the Orange River Colony, South Af- rica, and is reputed to mature very early, as well as having drought-resist- ing qualities. ---------- 