For tlio sixth year in succession the Jo wish Agricultural ana Industrial ' Aid Society of tho United Stateo lint? awarded thirty-live scholarships} by competition among the Bona and dau ghters of Jcwioh farmers These scholarships are to be held at tho agricultural colleges of the States in which candidates reside, and tho soc iety pays all the expenses of the course. Up to the present 117 schol arships have been awarded. The re quirements are that tho parent be a Jewish fanner, and tbo candidate re side on the parental farm. An English engineering company have turned out a motor-hoe bu.table for working in all classes of country where tlic ordinary liorse-hoo can bo used. It is turned out in two sizeB, the smaller of which can work be tween rows not closer than 25%in. ap art; while the larger machine requires the rows to be at least 49%in apart. It Is easily controlled by one mail walk'ng beside it, and tho depth to be hoed is adjustable. In evenness and completeness of cultivation, In kill ing weeds, in rapidity 0f*Vork, and in ease of handling this machine Is re ported to be first class, 'Breeders of Corr'edales will be in terested to learn that Schofleld Pty. Ltd.. the well-known fellmongers of Abbotsford (Vic.) have treated the skin of a Corrledale wether on behalf of Thos Bifrthwick and Sons Ltd. The basil, has been much admired by ex perts. There were seven.and a quar ter pounds of clean; scoured, higli claBS, dense wool of a 56 quality on thjs skin, and the pelt particularly large, even of close grain, and a per fect type, T'icludcd among immigrants who have arr.ved recently in Victoria la a small number of Danes. The Min ister in charge of Immigration (Mr. Hagelthorn) stated last week that the Danes, most of whom were farm wor kers,.- constituted a very satisfactory type, and had experienced no difficul ty in obtaining employment. Tlie department was largely indebted to ?several memberB 0f the Danish Club for tho ass'stauee they had given in placing the men. Some excellent yields of lucerne have been obtained from the flats at Sparfowvale Farm, the property of the Geelong Harbor Trust comm's ;sioners. Sinec December 17, 1913, 'the return shows an average of V/< ^onB green weight per acre. The cut is. in each Instance, the third, and the return as follows: From 20 acres .sown in 1910 81 tons; 12% acree. sown 1912\. 87 tons; 29 acres, sown in 1912. :8G tons: 12V~ acres sown In 1912, 70 tons. From the crops sown last year the cutt'ngs were lighter. Tho sup ply of lucerne the truat has now In hand nearly (Ills the two immense S'IOB and will, it is estimated, be suf ficient t0 feed the cattle during tho .winter months. : Mr. W. Pyke. a prominent farmer at .Berrigan, N.S.W.. who specialiaes <n .chaff, cut 500 acrcs, .->11 Heeded on fal | low.-which returned 750 tons 0f whea ;ten hay this year He cuts all his Ichaff with his own plant, and carta :to the Berriiran railway station, where he has a denot. which holds six or .."seven'hundred tonu. Mr. Pyle tins topped tho Sydney .market for HiC p()qt four yeara jj0 finds it more profitable to sell at'auc tion there than t0 cater for the local ; demand. When a good sample of chaff is ob? :jeetlvo; it pays to BOW the crop on fallowed land The butt is then clean, and after being put through the chaff cutting machine there Is a minimum of light, innutritions waste. In chaff-cutting it is advisable to uso a sharp knife only, and to change It when It has done about 35 bags. In a damp climate the chaff will not uo Improved by steaming, but in an arid one It cannot be Bteamed too much 'f the sheaves arc dry. Mr Pyle considers Improved Sfein wedel for the early, Improved Purple Straw for the mid-season, and College Purple Straw for the late crop, the best chaffing wheats for the Berrigan district The two latter yield a com bination of bulk and weight. Ho cuts just after the llower has fallen, at which stage lie obtains good weighing stuff of an attractive color Tho record wheat yield of the Ber riiran d'strict this season was that of Moulton Bros., share farmers on tlie Momalong Estate. From 270 ac res 2659 bales wore harvested which over the weighbridge, at the local railway station, we'ghed 8.4G9 bushels Mlb. or an average of 31 bushels 221bs per acre. Other authentic yields In tbo Ber rican district nro those of Dalcleish Bros., who. from an'area of 900 ac res. SOO of which were fallowed, took Rmo bners: n"d Mr John Phipps on whose farm 2Sfi acrcs of fV'ow return ed an averacc of twentv-soven bush els to the acre. In the latter in stance tho rmimirial dressing wns at the ri'to of 4511)3 of superphosphates ner aero A. TinmhaHc fV'o.) farmer. Mr. H. A rtinVpon. who fattens pips on an ?nr. tonsl"A ceii'e. enntrnr.ts for the buf 'er-millr from the loenl fncfory, wMnli lo numned (V"ort tn bis sties *Wh"ii tlm n'n-Q ore firot. pluit l'n to fatten ho tlieni tofpf'or ami tlirnws a .«<vtnvn nf nrin n'nt of ltfroseno to ?n-n p-nllnnq of wntor nvp»* tbem This Ij-MIr or nt miv rate eh^Vp. nil vpr nrfl tl-io nlo-p rnn tl'on bn trmnrM-1 "T before tiiey ^rn troubled by them. 