interesting Letters. IX OTHER LANDS. .. YOUNG TRAVELLER'S IMPRES : sions. We are indebted to Mr. J. G. R. Bocking, our Dairy Inspector, for the perusal of a couple of letters received from his son Murray, a young fellow travelling with a de sire to see something of the world before settling down in life- From the letters, we make a few inter esting extracts: — Mr. Bocking writes: I am now in the thick of the West Indies, so thought I would write you - a few lines about these lovely islands, as they are indeed very pretty, and are aptly termed 'pearls in a sap phire sea.' Stately palms, ferns, and feathery tropical foliage of every description, gladden the eyes throughout; but the characteristic which stands out above all else is the gorgeous coloring of land and sea and sky. Most of the islands are volcanic in origin, and what one sees is little more than summits of tall peaks arising from the earth crust, covered for the greater por tion of their height by the ocean waters. Barbados (which is purely of coral formation), a part of Anti gua, form the exception. Yet, flat as it is, Barbados has tine fields of sugarcane, and many other tropical plants. Steaming into Trinidad _ between the 'Dfagon's Mouth,' as Columbus named them, we pass the 'Five Islands,' a series of fain' -gems almost as high as the peaks forming the 'Dragons Mouth.'-' Inland sparkle pretty waterfalls, which, with the palms and tropical ferns that line the clifts, form a beautiful picture to the visitor. . The mountain-top character of most of the islands is emphasised again and again in the landscape. The 'Grand Etany,' of Grenada, -a fresh-water lake, nearly three miles around, set amidst delightful scenery, is but the crator of an extinct volcano. The Souf friere Springs in St. Lucia Island, with their hissing and bubbling cauldron of black water; the his toric 'English Harbor of Antigua,' Mount Misery, the bold volcanic crater which dominates St. Kitts Island; the sulphur springs of Mont serrat Island, and the far-famed 'Boiling Lake' of Dominica. Island, are all of them eloquent of ; . the sleeping seismic 'forces of Nature. On all the islands which are British are to be found beautiful botanical gardens, containing clumps of bam boo over 100ft. high, gigantic um brella trees, and orchards growing wild in all directions. *. . . Most, of the people on these islands are of negro blood. The first negroes were introduced in 1503 from -. Africa, to supply the demand for labor. Trad ing in negro slaves became a re gular traffic; British National heroes like Sir John Hawkins and Sir Fran cis Drake unfortunately taking part in it. Thence has resulted the bulk of the present, black population of the West Indies, who are descendants of slaves emancipated by the ? Act of 1833. The African love of color shows itself in the dress of male and female alike, and a 'gentle- man of color' out to kill is a most impressive sight in its way. Besides the negroes, there are colo nies of East Indians mostly found to Trinidad and British--'' Guiana. These natives of Hindustan are em ployed as farm laborers on the _ cof- fee, cocoa, and sugar ^plantations. Their quaint ; costumes ? and- jet black skins form a 'striking 'con- trast to the European dress of thel West Indies. . . . : The sports arel the same .as in most English counl tries; V and _-cricket enjoys the greatest popularity. - . It is .an amus ing sight to see black- piccanninies clothed in innocence, - hard at play, with sugarfianes . for wickets, palms for bats, and anything they can get hold of' for balls. - . \ ... ' From the windows of my hotel, I can see the blue Carribbean Sea and the spot where' Hood, with an English fleet, defeated 'the brave Frenchman De Grasse in 1782.' Later (April 24), Mr. Bocking writes: This (the -Quebec S.S. Co.), runs between S-- America, West in dies, St Kitts, and New York; and makes two stops, first at the Danish island of St.- Croix, and lastly; at the Danish island of St. Thomas. ?; St. Thomas is a pretty little island, 17 : miles long, ' and' from 2 to : 3 miles, wide, and has the best harbor in 'all the West Indies. On our way from St Kitts, we stayed a few hours at St. Croix Island. The port was Fredericksted, which is a - very clean: little- town, and' /.the Danish people are so -nice - and - ct-urT teous, as are also their coloured subjects— so ? different from . the rowdy and . abusive colored popula tions on the -British West India Is lands.' The :- Jatter, '' as soon as they see a white stranger walking along the street, ask for money, and during the day, they become a perfect pest. They are also very ignorant and simple. On the other hand, the Danish -do not allow their nigger folk' to beg, as they . also have fixed hire charges for boats and cabs, which owners must strictly adhere to. Of course, - the H-itish islands have fixed charges also, but the law is not enforced, and th£ niggers will charge you a'l kinds of extortionate prices if you do not watch them. St. : Tho mas has, been called the . 'Gibral-i tar of America,' because of its . Na tural impregnability, irrespective of fortifications. - It is the best oi f that little group of islands and ' islets which lie to the east of Porto Rico. It has the best of harbors, deep and landlocked, and on three sides is surrounded by high hills, sloping fur ther inland till they, become moun tains. The town of. Charlotte Ama lia is beautifully located at the base of these encircling hills, sloping down to the harbor, and the view from a ship at anchor in the harbor of its pretty vari-colored houses perched up the hillsides is very picturesque. The houses are mainly of stone, with red, or blue; or~'green tiled roofs, and I can honestly say it is the pretties! harbor view of any town I have seen far surpassing that of La Guyra in Venezula. Two famous pirates, Blackboard and Bluebeard, lived here in olden times, and their castles still remain intact and prove of historic interest to visitors. Later (10th May). — We sailed out of the pretty St. Thomas harbor at S a.m. on May 3rd, and passing a smal ler island called Culebra, we very soon sighted Porto Rico, and at *3 p.m., ? entered the land-locked har bor Of! the city of San Juan, the ca pital,' At San Juan, the immigration officials are very strict, and cross examined all passengers who are landing there, especially the colored people, .^-who are flocking there, look ing for work at American pay. Each person has to show at least £6 in hard cash before being allowed to land, besides having to undergo an examination by the doctor. It is great fun listening tQ the questions the passengers have to answer. V.'i were all lined up in the dining saloon, like a lot of sheep, and every body's business became everybody else's. A't any rate, by, C p.m. we were allowed to go ashore and look around San Juan. The city is quite Americanised now, and modern buildings look- quite odd, rubbing shoulders with the ancient Spanish structures. The Porto Riccan wo men are very pretty, and are mostly of Spanish descent, while many have a mixture of negro and European blood in them. Although Porto Rico has belonged to the United States for 16 years, the language is still Spanish, and very few know any Eng lish, but it is taught now by the Americans in the many fine schools they have built since gaining the island. . . . .Next day found us at Domingo City, the capital of the republic. The city is the largest in Santo Domingo, its population be ing about 30,000. The ~ capital building and barracks are good, and there are the usual number of chur ches and cathedrals. This city is famous as being t'le Island home .-ind burial place cf Hu grc;it dis coverer, Christopher Columbus. The 4ft. stone walls of t. is mansioi -;-'e still standing, though roofless, and the floors over^-^wn \ iih vegeta tion. I went inside it, around st and all through it. Not far from it on the river shore is a- state ly old ceyba tree, still alive, to which Columbus tied his boat when he discovered the island. Still of greater interest, however, are the sacred remains of the great man him self, which are enclosed in a bronze casket inside an old .Cathedral fac ing a pretty plaiza, in the centre of which is a statue of him. Over the casket in the Cathedral has been erected a beautiful white marble monument 50ft. high, . of exquisite design and carving, set with many bronze bas-reliefs of different events of his life. It is a beauti ful thing, and it seems a pity it should be located in this - out-of-the way place; so seldom visited by the outside world. Revolutions are fre quent in this republic, and at the present time two negroes claim that .they should be President, and are fighting to overthrow the real Pre sident. Soldiers armed to the, teeth are everywhere in' the streets, and at the main street corners are placed ugly-looking maxim - guns ready for any emergency, while in the mountains, fighting is going on daily.' ' ? . : | 