EMPIRE TRADE. REPORT OF COMMISSION MAIL SERVICE CRITICISED. "INJURIOUS TO DEVELOPMENT" LONDON, Jan. 28. Further extracts are available from the interim report on Australia of the Dominion Trades Commission. The commissioners were deeply impressed Throughout Australasia by the desire of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations, not only by tariff preference but by a clear and dis- tinct preference, based on sentiment, and patriotism. Discussing migration, the report states that labourr-saving machinery is much more used in agriculture both in Australia and New Zealand than in Europe. Dealing with the question of town labour for the dominions instead of agricultural labour, as at present sought, the report says:— "Comparisons show that the proportion of the population in England engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits is smaller than that in the United States and many European countries. The town population in England is excessive, since the mother country is already de- pendent upon the oversea dominions for a considerable proportion of her food and raw material. "The commission is impressed with the de- sirability of as large a portion as possible of the dominions being occupied by a popu- lation which will assist in the develop- ment of primary resources; and is of opinion that the best age for immigrants is from 16 to 24 years. Town or Country? "In the opinion of the commissioners the town-bred youth often finds his feet quicker in a new environment than the rustic, and Australia's and New Zealand's requirements could, be largely fulfilled by well-disposed youths whom environment in the United Kingdom had forced into a blind alley, and employment for youths from industrial schools. "With regard to New Zealand, the com- mission did not find evidence, that only those who had followed agriculture in the old country can become successful agriculturists in the Dominion. "There is," continues the report, "a strong under-current of opposition in Australia and New Zealand to immigration, principally among the urban wage- earners and artisans, who regard immigration as likely to increase competition in the skilled labour market. The commission believes that this hostility arises mainly from the present defects in the immigration system. Female Immigrants. Discussing female immigration, the report states that the surplus in Great Britain is mainly in the residential towns, and is com- posed principally of elderly ladies and women servants. The first are not possible migrants, and the servants can be ill-spared from the ranks of female domestics; de- pleted by the demands of commerce and in- dustry in the United Kingdom to-day as, compared with twenty years ago. It is intended to deal with this matter in greater detail in a final report. Dealing with the difficulty of family migration, the commissioners state that parents are often too old to settle down comfortably. Farming on the share system is described as extending in Australia, and is referred to as highly commendable. In conclusion on this point the report says:—"Organisation of family migration will entail considerable public expense be- fore the ideal system is reached. The com- mission recommends, a fuller use of the methods adopted at Pitt Town (New South Wales), which is an admirable institution." Advertising Our Resources. It is undesirable, the commissioners think, to leave the duty of describing the attrac- tions of the dominions to interested passage agents. There exists a widespread feeling which the commission considers justifiable that misrepresentation is not uncommon, though there have been only a few cases of actual fraud. The possibility of making greater use of the British labour exchanges is recom- mended as deserving of close attention, par- ticularly in connection with juvenile emigra- tion. Greater, co-operation between.the Home and the Australasian Governments is re- commended regarding the migration of dis- charged Indian soldiers, many of whom are willing to go to Australia and New Zealand and to buy land. They are already accus- tomed to a climate more trying than that of northern Australia, and the saving by direct migration would allow of consider- able financial assistance to such emi- grants. The commission was favourably impressed by the German settlements in Queensland and South Australia, and with the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Vic- toria. Such migration is held to be a whole- some addition to New Zealand and Southern Australia. Suez Canal Route. Regarding the Suez Canal, the report says:—"The commission is impressed with the canal's capacity to deal, without undue delay, with 15,000 ships, against the pre- sent 5,000, provided certain traffic regula- tions are observed, and is also impressed with its increasing ability to take vessels of deep draught. It will shortly be 30ft. deep, but it is doubtful whether this will be sufficient to provide for the necessities of a quick ocean service to Australia. The fact that the Panama Canal gives a depth of 40ft. will accelerate the already rapid in- crease in size of draught ocean-carriers. "It is doubtful whether the authorities in charge of the Australian and New Zea- land harbours are properly alive to the quick increase in draught which is in pros- pect. The proper standard is 40ft. Ex- cept at Sydney, Hobart, Wellington, and Auckland the facilities are considerably below that standard. The commission can- not urge too strongly on the governing bodies at the ports that they should devote their earnest consideration to the problem of deepening the harbours." Existing Mail Contracts. "Any semi automatic renewal of the mail contract, with a slight improvement in speed and conditions, and a slight decrease in cost, would be inadequate as a solution of the problem, which needs to be handled on broader lines, giving full consideration to all the variants, particularly with regard to speed and restrictions to the Suez Canal route. "There are grave reasons to doubt the reality of competition under the present arrangements, and the continuance of this quasi-monopoly for a long period will pro- bably be injurious to the development of shipping, as it removes a great incentive for the construction of faster ships. "No mail contract is satisfactory which does not provide for sea-speed considerably in excess of that of unsubsidised lines." Attention is directed by the Commission to complaints that outward bills of lading are out of date, are unduly complicated, and favour shipowner as against customers. Nevertheless, evidence had been given that many companies had granted redress which they were not legally compelled to give. Cotton Growing. With regard to cotton-growing, the com- missioners deny that experience has shown that it can only successfully be grown with black labour. On the contrary, 75 per cent. of the labour is white, and it is possible that the Maltese would furnish just the type of labour required. It is estimated that picking in Australia would cost 3d. per pound, whereas it costs 1½d. in the Southern States of America. There is evidence, says the report, that the quality of Australian cotton is such as to justify the expectation of a higher price being secured than for the product of most cotton countries. There is also the possi- bility of a cotton-picking machine reducing the importance of the Australian labour factor. Finally, it is possible to organise the small growers into an association for picking cotton co-operatively. Pacific Cable Rates. The Commission, in its report concerning cables, comments upon the anomaly of the Commonwealth Telegraph department charging a terminal rate (or landing charge) of 5d. per word on the Pacific cable mes- sages. The rate for transmission of Pacific cables, it says, should be reduced from 3/ to 2/8. "The Pacific Cable Board," the report pro- ceeds, "has not shown the enterprise that might reasonably have been expected from it." A laudable desire to abolish deficits has obscured its vision of its larger and more urgent duties. To spend £2,000,000 and then leave the cable comparatively idle for two-thirds of the day, is not commercial or politic common-sense." Shipping Ring in London. Evidence as to the strength of the ship- ping ring in London was so great that com- bined action on the part of importers would be of little avail. The report mentions the possibility of amending the United Kingdom law in order to bring it into line with the Australian Sea Carriage Act 1904. While admitting that hides are damaged by branding, the report says that the natural remedy is to differentiate in the price between hides branded, as the tan- ners suggest, and those branded as now. More stringent regulations regarding glu- cose in leather are recommended. The report urges uniformity in legisla- tion and the regulations regarding food and drugs. Australia's agricultural, mineral, and forestry resources will be treated in a final report, and also the inquiries into better facilities for handling meat and fruit, on which investigations are proceeding. Further inquiries are being made as to the holding of inter-Imperial exhibitions and the desirability of establishing an Im- perial development board. MR. WATT'S COMMENTS. Referring yesterday to the report of the Dominions Trade Commission on Australia and New Zealand, the Premier (Mr. Watt) said:—"The Victorian Ministry welcomes gratefully the remarks of the Commission on the steamer service and cable rates of Australia. The thing that most impresses a man who goes abroad for the first time from this country is the length of time wasted on the ocean voyage. Australia's interests would be energetically promoted by a cutting off of anything from three to five days from the trip. "Of course, everybody knows that exces- sive cable rates hamper business, and I think that the Ministries of the dominions might well unite with the Imperial Ministry in considering that question. "As to the depth of harbours, which is also touched upon in the report, we have a difficulty in Victoria with which we are endeavouring to cope. The broad dominion policy enunciated by the Commission seems to be a sound one. All the harbours of Australia should he capable of taking in any steamer that comes to our ports I do not quite share the view's of the Commissioners on the immigration question. I think that the chief immigration States might, perhaps, embark upon the experi- ment of training agricultural immigrants in the United Kingdom, but I am not sure that the experiment would be a success. If money is to be spent in that direction we should probably find it more profitable to train the agriculturist immigrant at this end, so that a knowledge of our soil and products and the peculiar characteristics of our climate; would be learned by them, instead of having, as you would if you trained them on the other side of the world, to rip up or transpose some of the information they had obtained in their agrarian training elsewhere." IMMIGRATION SYSTEM. According to a cable message published in "The Argus" yesterday, the report of the Dominions Trade Commission dealing with Australia states that the system under which emigrants are recruited is antiquated and defective. Officials of the Immigration department, in replying to the criticism, stated that the commission's evidence was obtained before the scheme of amalgama- tion agreed to by the New South Wales and Victorian authorities was in operation. Under the scheme improvement in various directions was made possible, and many of the causes for complaint in the past had now disappeared. In respect of the com- mission's advocacy of a central body of con- trol in Australia, the Minister in charge of Immigration (Mr. Hagelthorn) drafted a scheme last year with a view of securing the co-operation of all the States, but New South Wales was the only State besides Vic- toria, which considered amalgamation advis- able. The statement of the commission that the arrangements in Australasia for the re- ception of women needed attention could not be applied to Victoria. 