NEWS SUMMARY. Tho dissolution of the State Parlia ment asked for by Mr, Elmslie. was refused, and a now Cabinet will bo formed by Mr. Watt. The rovenuo collected nt tho Cus torn Houso on December 19 amounted to:-Uevenuo, £18,811/17/11; Stnto, £200/17/: contingent, £61/15/9; pilt ago, £217/1/1; wharfage, £930/1/7. Mr, Thomas Higgins, farmer, died at Wallace on Fridav at tho ago of 101 years. Ho was bom in 1812, and was therefore threo years old when tho battle of Waterloo was fought. Tho Geelong Mechanic.*' Institute oommitteo has accepted tho tender of I W. Murphy, at £900, for extensive alterations to tho stage of the build A proposal that has been under con sideration to havo a general strike of tho Harbour Trust employees ov«r tho employment of non-unionists has been postponed until January 8. Coal production from tho Outtrim Uowitfc and British Consolidated Com pany's mine for tho half-year ended October 31 made up a total of 11,623 tons. A dispute is in progress between the drivers of the motor-'busea and tho various companies which oporate in llio metropolis. The men a*k for £3IN h week. This lias been refused, and tho trouble is becoming acute. At u largo meeting of tho Farmer^ and Settlors* Association a declaraiion of war against tho Kural Workers' Union was mado, the meeting passing resolutions that the demands of tho men should bo resisted, v All tho basscngerfi wh6 nrrirf-tl in Melbourne oy tho K.M.'S. Malwa, and wero sent to* the quarantine station, at Port sea, in consequence of a case of small-pox having occurred on board havo been released from quarantine. In tho Unlhvrat City Court on Fu <lay, Mary Jane Mansfield, license© of tho Royal Oak Hotel, wna fined £», with l6/0 costs, for having had tho bar door open on Sunday, December 7\. For a like offence, on the same date, Thomas Wright, license* of the North Britain, was fined £5. Tho Melbourne Tramway and Omni bus Co. Ltd., has declared a dividend and bonus each of Gd per share, pay able on January 2. With the similar distribution on October 1, this will make a total of 2/ for the first half o1 tho 1913-14 fiuancial year. Caterpillars are playing havoc with the late crops at Yarram. Fortun ately, most of the farmers had their crops cut before the plaguo arrived. On tho average, tho crops in tho dis trict are" very good. The recent rams and the prevailing fine weather have caused tho grass to grow luxuriantly and tho dairying industry promises enjoy ono of tho best seasons on r<y cord" At a meeting of tho farmers of Strathmerton and district Councillor Mciklejohti, presiding, a motion, which expressed strong disapproval of tho inadequate supply of wheat trucks, so early in the season was agreed to. Net ono truck arrived on u!.\v, and there is a complete block in the traffic. Buyers aro compelled to refuse delivery. During tho presentation of tableaux at tho break-up of Highton State State school (Geelong) somo curtains on tho platfoim ignited, and tongues of fire shot out. The building crowded with children and their par ents, who stampeded and mado a dash for tho doors. "Women fainted and children screamed. Several men tore tho flaming curtains down before much damage was done, and after quietness was restored, the demonstration was proceeded with. Tho need for an increased storage of water at Werribee has been felt for some time, and step* are being taken bv the "Water Commission to meet tho I demand. The work ot constructing a new storage reservoir of 10,000 ft. at Melton, on tho AVerribco River, wilt be commenced shortly. It is estimat ed that tho work, which will bo carried out by Messrs. Trench and Moren, will cost £55,000. Tho present vroter sup ply is drawn from tho Werribeo lliver at pyko'a Creek. The Boxing Lommitteo 01 x««» has informed the Fronch llnxtug ted eration, in reference to the latter f> decision that "Jack" Jolinst n had for feited his title to the world's cham pionship, owing to having been convict ed in America, and to not having ac ceptcd any challenges for two years, that it cannot concur, and that John son must still bo considered the world's champion. Owing to diversity of in ternational opinion, the international Boxiug Club nasi summoned a meeting to finally consider tho question of tuo henw-weight championsiwp. \ \- For tho construction of tho Cmnua i rcservoirj which is to bo used in con- , nection with thu O'Shnnmuwy wat-er scheme, ten tenders have been rcceiv- I cd bv tho Metropolitan Board of \Vork*>. xVt a meeting of that body on Tuesday the water supply commit tee will recommend the acceptance of tho tender of Messrs. AN . G. ^**rd and Company for £21,474/7/2. J. ho reservoir, which will be constructed no"r Lilydale, will have a capacity oi 11,000,01)0 gallons. This will bt tho first service reservoir along the lino of tho schema Iroiu tho O'Shan- | nassy River. During tho session of the federal Parliament, which has just closed there I wero 74 meetings of tho House of Re presentatives, and five members at tended every one of them. , Vs° wero tho Prime Minster (Mr. Cook),, the Speaker (Mr. Edict Jolmson), tho Chairman of Committees (Mr. i«ow-j leri, and tho Liberal whips (Mr. Greene ' and Mr. Thomson;. Tlio Treasurer (Sir John Forrest), Mr. jbenton (>.)»! Mr. Bennett (V.), Mr. McDonald (Q), ! Mr Palmer (V.), and Mr. Thomas (N.S.W.), each missed only one hit ting apiccc. Mr. Carr had the doubt ful distinction of being lowest on tho . list, with only 24 appearances m his I placo. Mr. Catts (N.S.W.), attend-' ed Parliament on ouly 39 occasions. Mr. John Ryder, of Tawonga, was milking a cow on Thursday, when tho animal turned to break away and trod on Mr. Rvder's body, inflicting'inter nar injuries;* --Dr. li: SlQui't-Kiaci,_of Bright, upon examination, ordered Mr. Ryder's removal to tbo hospital, anil his relations endeavored to carry out tlio instructions. After seven miles of tho 20 miles journey across the mountains had been covered, Mr Ryder died. Tho journey had then occupied fivo hours Mr. Ryder was a resident, of Tawonga for 48 years, He was well known among station-owners about Geeiong, where in the early days ho was noted as a hardy horseman. Mr. ilyder was 76 years of ago. A return made availablo on triday oy the Railways Commissioners shows that from tho beginning of tho finan cial year, on July 1, to I>ecember 14, tho department obtained a revenue of £2,402,464, or £13o,ai0 in excess of that during tho same period of last year. The principal increase was ob tained in respect of goods traffic. It amounted to £86,779, while an increase of £15,788 was shown in tho receipts from passenger traffic. The revenun during the seven days ended D<x«mber 14 amounted to £102,9o9, or £14,14J more than during the corresponding week of tat year. There was an in crease of £14,271 from goods traffic. ^ Monday's intenia lieat was respon sible for a largo number of outbreaks of fire in country districts, some of which caused considerable damage. .A .Ministerial conference will con sider suggestions for encouraging agri culturists from Great Britain and Nor thern Europe to settle in. Victoria. . Surprise has been caused by. the an nonncement of the resignation of Mr. 8\. Griffith* from the position.of ifti Deudiarr steward of the V .B.C. .... Never before .had -the Btfttf " at t the jtelbourae General Post Office been faced I,* guch heavy mail* a» tno» w,tti daring the"Christmas.aeason '"la Srttwikm and; daaisge to State timber tkm i* h*b*e wtimated liy 0* V«T«ti|H-1> ttrt «QWA, fires Ins!, year caused a loss of £100.000 north of property, . Tho holiday sooson brought, forward its iisunl list of casualties and acci donts, tho column-) of tho daily press being over well supplied in tliis direc tion. Henry Kotherliy, dairyman, i> Labor alderman in tho llroken "Hill City Coun cil, was fined £5 and £1/7/0 costs for having offered for salo adulterated milk. The revenue collecte<l at tho Custom House oil December 29 amounted to: -lievenno, £10,106/12/4 j State, .2/i contingent, £20/12/: pilotage, £102 l(i<; whnriagc, £GT0/7/l. Monday's iventhor was very ti ring in Melbourne. Tho maximum "official registration was 9Meg., but at Gaunt's 101.7 dog. was recorded. Tuesday was also hot, dusty and oppressive. A father was drowned hi Naganibie on Monday in attempting to save the life of his infant, who hrnl fallen over board from n boat. Tho elnld also perished. A motor party on its way from In verell to Kempsey met with a serious mishap on Sunday, when about 3(1 miles from the "utter place. The steer ing-gear went wrong, ami the car run over a cutting, falling some -10ft. It, was then caught by a tree. The five occupants were violently tossed out. Onn sustained a fractured skull ami broken ribs, another iimirion to a shoulder, ami a third injuries to the head. Persons liable to pav income tax are reminded thati the first hatch of re turns must he lodged bv the begin ning of February. These refer to incomes consisting solely of salaries, wages, allowances, pensions, or rents Any Wfit in addition, to^ ur as r "Wi'^nffny. such as board, nnd lodging?/ is regarded as income. Returns fronV business people are not One until the beginning of March. According to the latest mosngcs from Thursday Island, whose wireless station is in communication with tho Dutch liner Tastnan, the stranded ves sel has 18ft. of water in the- hold, and her chance of getting off ihe reef regarded as doubtful. Tho Tasman went ashore on ttramWo Cay. which is situated at the north-east entrnne.* to Tom^ Straits, while on a vovago from Australia to Java. An unsatisfactory condit:on of af fairs is disclosed in an oflieial report, which shows that the How of water from the artesian bores throughout X.S.W. continues to diminish. In V*'2 bores ganged there was found to be a reduction in tho flow at tho rate of 7.7 per cvnt for tho year. This fact is stated in the report to present a stronargument in favour of tho supervision which is exercised bv tho State in connection with the effective betiding of the casing of all bores sunk and in favour of the control of the bores after completion to prevent wa^te of water. A strike took plaot at Winchelsen on Saturday morning last amongst tho rural workers, when b 'tween 00 and /0 men struck work. Thrv demanded the rural workers' log rate of wages. S/t per day. eight houis. and food, or 10' extra and find themselves. A few of the farmers are giving th«x log rate of wages. A large meeting ot tho rural producers took phuv in the Shire Hall on Saturday, when it was dccided by the meeting that titer would not pay the men tho log rates 01 8 4 per day, eight hours, aud food. It was decided that they would assist one an other to finish their work. At a meeting of the Water Supply Commission tho undermentioned appli cations lor land in the irrigation atvu* were approved:-Shepparton-11. W. Thompson, Allotment section D. Kovuga-A. Comparo, allotment 27. Coiiuna-F. Vale, allotments JJe\ Uu, lie, section 5. Uainuum-Mrs. K. H. Sheaf, allotment 7oa; 1). \V. Irish, allotments 70 and 7(ia. \Wrnbee T. W. Fowler, jun., allotments 08 and part 07, section X). The tender oi tho Northern Timber Company at 1:228 13j was accepted for the erection of a .settler's house at Tongala. Advice was received by cable message* on .Monday thai the it.M.S. Oiw.ty and tho s,s. Commonwealth hau left London on December 19 and 21 respec tively with assisted paaisongers i Victoria. On board tiiu K.Jl.S. Oi way are 7 farm workers. 20 nominaictt passengers, and tf Jjrilish lads. The s.s. Commonwealth is bringing 2 land MH'kers. with « capital oi £000, i farm workers. 71 nominated passeng ers, aud 0 lads. A *maU party oi immigrants arrived bv the H.M.S. Orvieto on Monday. Tho newcomers consist of 12 Danish agricultural la borers, 3 nominated passengers, and 0 lads. During tho jiast few months there has been a satisfactory increase in inil wav revenue. According to an offi cial return, made available on Mon day, a revenue of £'2,521,800, was de rived by the department during the period from July 1 to Dtcemlu-r 21, or ,j:ore tb during tho cor responding term Oi last year. Tho principal increases were £5)3.02" from goods trailie. £29.547 irorn live stock traffic, £J3.15? troni passenger traf fic, ami £-1405 from parcels traffic. During the seven days ended December 21, tin* receipts amounted to £119,342, or £8015 more than during the same week of last year. There was an in crease of £11,208 in respect of goods trailic;.but a decrease of £2331 was shown in respect of passenger trallie. Returns ot the Christina* traffic on the Victorian railways .show tlmt though tlie bookings wero in excess ot those of last year less revenue was received. Durtug the period from De cember J!) to December 2" inclusive 31,181 excursionists booked at Spencer street station, and wero responsible for - a revenue of £*21.341). During the same period of last- year 2!),6UG per sons gave a revenue of £21.781. At Flinders street station the number or the bookings to inland resorts from December liO to December 28 inclus ive was 44.404, and the receipts nm ounted to £334 J. As compared with : the same period of last year, there was j an inerCAM? of 21)20 passengers nrul a decrease in revenue to the extent of ' £743. The Australian Vaudeville Artist"' A^aociatiori complain that th<» vaude I villi* theatre managements of X.S.W. i and other States have instituted a system of boycott against Australian artiste. At o largely attended: meet ing of tiio association it was decided to affiliate with the Political Labor League and the Labour Council, and j to circularise every union and labour I league fit the State, pointing out the t state of affairs existing, and . asking members of leagues and unions to re frain from natronising theatrical shows which employ imported artists to the exclusion of local talent. With reference to a comp!a:nt made bv the Federal Treasurer (Sir John torrcst) about the delay being caused in the construction of the transconti nental foahray,. the Prime ^Linister (Mr. Cook) takes the same view of tho matter as tho Federal Treasurer. Mr. Cook saidi-"A peculiar position lia> arisen, and tho question tor the Gov ernment in general, and tho Home At fairs department in particular, is what is to bo done in the circumstances. I agree with Sir John Forrest that the present rato of construction is highly unsatisfactory. Tho whole question is further complicated by a reported scarcity of sleepers." 