NOTHS FROM ALL SOURCES. Wliafc is Transpiring Elsewhere. The distinction of being the oldest steamer in Lloyd's Register is given to the Bristol steamer 'Collier,' of 249 tons gross, launched in January, 18-19, by Messrs. Reid and Co.. of Port Glas gow, which has been in' active service ever since. In the Register Book of 1S50, where she first appears, there are nnlv 111 steamars. thp- . inrsrfist hc ing the 'City of Glasgow,' 1,087 tons, trading from Glasgow to New York. The next is the 'Princess Royal,' 6S7 tons, owned by the General Steam Navigation Co. , * * * There is another of these unwritten laws which we think could be repealed to advantage. It is that which re quires the captain of a ship to stay on the bridge during fosr or very bad weather, no matter how long it con tinues. It is a fairly common thing to read in dispatches that the captain of this or that ship had been on the bridge for twenty-four or twenty-eight hours or even sixty hours at a stretch because of a storm or fog. Why should this be the practice? ;The most rugged man alive cannot be as alert, mentally and pihysically, after twenty-four hours of exposure as he was when he went on duty. He cannot be as com petent to render quick decisions — such for instance, as an impending collision might call for — as a man who was un fatigued. The average trans-atlantic passenger, we fancy, would much pre fer to trust his life in an ' emergency to a fresh chief officer than, to a jaded captain. * * » After lying for fifty-one years be neath the waters of Galveston Bay, the hulk of what is believed to be tie American barque 'Prince of Boston,'' sunk during the Civil war, is now be ing brought to light. ? ♦ * The recent sinking of the British The Russian Merchant Marine con sists of 1,016 steamers of 487,000 tons, 52 motor vessels of 13,000 tons and 2,577 sailing ships of 257,000 tons. About two-thirds of the Russian trade is carried oversea, but only about 12 per cent, under the Russian flag. During 19H3 hte largest Russian steam sihip companies made extensive pur chases of new vessels, of which 75 per cent, were built m English yards. ? * » The Bureau Veritas reports marine casualties during the year 1912 as fol lows: Total losses, 297 steamers of 111,992 tons; viz., 109 British, 33 Ame rican, 30 Japanese, 22 German, .22 Nor wegian. 15 French, 12 Spanish, 11 Swedish, 7 Greek, 7 Russian, 7 Italian, 4 Chilean, 3 Belgian, 3 Danish, 2 Aus trian, 2 Uruguayan, 2 Brazilian, 1 Ar gentine,- 1 Chinese, 1 Turkish. The causes were: Stranding 181, collision 43, fire 10, foundered 30, a'bandoned 2, condemned 7 missing 24 Lost sailers, 362 of. 45,003 tons, viz., 110 British, 76 American, 38 Norwegian, 28 French, 26 Swedish, 19 Russian, 16 German, 16 Italian, 11 Danish, 6 Portuguese, 6 Tur kish, 3 Chilean, 3 Dutch, 2 Spanish, 1 Uruguayan, 1 Greek. The causes were: Stranding 203, collisiin 31, fire 6, foun dered 32, abandoned 45, condemned 27, missing 18. The accidents . reported during the year affected 4,468 steamers and 1,154 sailrs. Furthermore, 95 steamers and 93 sailers were broken up and condemned. ? ? . ? The advocates of cruiser sterns for merchant vessels claim that :this de sign gives more deck space for pas senger accommodations, better arrange ment for steering gear, greater pro tection for propellers when in harbors, diminution of vibrations, greater in ertia of waterplane, greater stability, more deadweight, and increased speed, whila those who oppose this design claim that it adds to the cost of a ves sel and detracts from the more pleas-' ing appearance that an eliptical stern gives. In warships this particular type of stern serves a purpose by the com plete submersion and covering of the rudder so that it is well protected from gun fire. ? ? ? The machinery of the Hamburg submarine A7, with the loss of all on board, has intensified the zeal of the inventors to devise practical safe guards against the dangers to which these boats are exposed. The latest invention is a system of ventilation, originated by Mr. Albert Lamy, oi' the Land Registry Office at Havre, for submarines that sunk are are in dis tress. Attached to the hull is a hollow globe capable of serving as a buoy and detachable from the interior of the boat by the manipulation of a wheel. The globe, when thus detached, car ries to the surface a hawser, with which the rescuers draw up a flexible tube attached at the other end inside the submarine. Fresh air is then sup plied through the tube. ? ? ? In view of some recent statements which might give the impression that insurance of internal-combustion ves sels is now both easy and cheap, it fay be well to explain that although the market is wider the risks cannot as yet be placed, as a matter of course. The position at present is that the Institute has produced a set of in ternal-combustion clauses which make the machinery f.p.a. under 10 per cent, of its value, but these clauses are nor mally used only for vessels of large value and not for the small coasting type which are the commonest farm of oil-engined craft. The insurance of such craft is always done with the machinery f.p.a. absolutely, and in some cases the owner has to keep a substantial part of the risk uninsured. 'All risks' policies are not yet avail able on oil-engined vessels. Rates for yearly insurance of small values vary from 16.8 per cent., upward, ac cording to circumstances. An owner who thinks af running oil vessels should always make inquiries about in surance before he starts building. American liner Vaterland, the largest ship in the world, now being built at Hamburg, is the most powerful ever fitted into a ship. The liner is propell ed by quadruple screws driven by steam turbines. The Vaterland is a sister ship of the famous Imperator, but surpasses her in every dimension, measuring 950 feet in length, 100 feel in beam and 58,000 tons burden. The Imperator, with a length of 919 feet, a beam of 98 feet and a tonnage of 52,000, is in turn 5000 tons heavier than any other ship afloat. The Vater land will reach New York early in June, sailing on her first eastward trip June. 16th. A third sister ship is now building. * ? ? ? It is especially pleasing to note that, in its report for 1913, the German Bast Africa line points out that one of the chief reasons for favourably influenc ing the results of the past twelve months has been the friendly relations established between the Company and its British competitors, and that the directors hope that these relations will be fully manifested in the future. It it also stated that the working com bination entered into with the Woer mann Line, Limited, the Hamburg America line, and the HamburgBre men Africa line has proved thoroughly satisfactory. Owing to the increased demand for cargo space, three addi tional cargo' steamers have been or dered, and will be delivered in the early part of 1915. The company's steamers, Sultan and Kanzler, have been sold at a good profit. After work ing off not less than 2,941,008 marks, the dividend to be paid for 1913 is to be again equal to that of the previous year, viz., 8 per cent. \- A bill is pending in the New York legislature which makes every steam ' ?? '. V. . ? ; ? .?'?;????.'', ship ticket for transportation across the Atlantic Ocean valid and not sub ject to cancellation by the owners of the line upon which transportation is covered 'by such ticket. The bill car ries with it a penalty of 500 dollars for each refusal to recognize the ticket as valid, or to refuse transportation to a person presenting 'it. The bill is in tended to reach the instalment steam ship ticket peddlers, of whom there are many on the lower east side. These peddlers collect money for tickets and often fail to remit to the authorised agents who, in turn, notify the steam ship companies to cancel the unpaid tickets when presented on the other side. This system has caused much suffering- and loss to immigrants and others who were the innocent victims. * * ♦ The time has come when there must be some form of regulation for ocean transportation between commercial na tions. Thus far it has been by volun tary agreement or understanding, con ferences between companies and pool arrangements, and indiscriminate at tack upon these without any sugges tion of an alternative is not helpful. The matter cannot be controlled by any one nation, and if it should be attempted with any vigorous form1 of restraint or regulation, affecting its ow nshipping- and that of other na tions in the use of its own ports, it could only injure commerce and the greatest damage would fall upon its own trade. If there is to be regula tion it must be international in its character, and if it is to be exerted by governments it must be, under some form of mutual agreement. * ? ? The Suez Canal Co. which has been at work for six years in deepening the canal one foot, announces completion of the task,- and the waterway now has a depth of 29ft. for its whole length. The original depth in 1870, was 24ft. 4in., and it remained so until 1890, since when the canal has been deepened four times.' It is expected that the company will authorise soon still further dredging, bringing- . the depth to 30ft. ? ???.*. ? ? ? ? The huge Swedish ore-carrying steamer 'Malmberget' has been posted at- Lloyd's as missing. . The 'Malm- berget' is reported to have put to sea from Narvik (Norway) November 27, bound for Rotterdam, and she was in wireless communication on the fol lowing day. That is the last definite news' of the ship. Early in December, however, a number of reports in regard to recognizable wreckage from the ves sel were received. Owned by Rederiak tiebolaget Lula Ofoten (P. A. Welin, manager), of Stockholm, the 'Malm- berget' was launched just about a year ago at Hebburn-on-Tyne. She repre sented a special type of' ore-carrying steamer, was about 440ft. long, and was the fourth ship of that class to be constructed by 'the builders, Messrs. ?Hawthorn, Leslie & Co., for the Stock holm firm. Built to the highest class of the British Corporation, the tseamer had a' deadweight capacity of over 11,000 tons. She was constructed with four double and four single ore poc kets, or holds, on the self-discharging principle, and was, in regard to design about -the last word in ore-carrying ships.' The propelling machinery, con sisting of triple-expansion engines of 402 n.h.p. was placed aft. On deck she had eight hydraulic cranes for hand ling the ore. * * . * The report of Holzapels, Ltd., shows that this company earned a net profit of £55,686 in the past year, after set ting aside £5,158 for depreciation. This total is about £2,000 in excess of that reported 12 months ago. . The goodwill item is again to be reduced by £15,000, and the dividend is to be raised from 10 to 12 per cent. About £1300 less will be carried forward. The report states that during the year con siderable expenditure has been incur red in the further introduction of specialties, which has been met out of revenue. Since the establishment of the company, in 1908, a sum of £'34,963 has been written off the cost of goodwill, which now stands at £65,000 » ? ? Register tonnage is an artificial sys tem first created by an act of Parlia ment in 1885. It involves a long and complicated series of measurements designed to establish the cubic con tents of the ship below the tonnage deck, which is second from below. To this is added the cubic contents simi larly discovered in all inclosed spaces above the tonnage deck. Dividing this sum- by 190 erives the gross register tonnage. Deductions are made from the sum of the cubic contents after an artificial method; in some cases the actual content is deducted, in others an arbitrarily established percentage of the gross tonnage. From the re mainder after these deductions the net register tonnage is derived. W V * Displacement is the measurement of the weight of water which is displaced by the submerged portion of the ship. This varies of course with the amount of cargo aboard. For purposes of uni formity and artificial point is as sumed as the ship's mean load draught, in theory it means that the average amount of coal and other stores are aboard, a purely arbitrary condition. The only fair comparison is with all coal and stores aboard. Displacement is stated in tons of 2,240 pounds. — Ex- change. : ~t*Hi«WSi ''. -' :? ? ?''.'?': : .' : ??.'.:?.?; ?,;-.ii''.-:''''' ;;'-',«?.-- \'r:/wi*[V:\'- .-.. ? ????. ;... 