LOCAL AND GEN2KAL. Mr. Everingham, dentist, ac companied by Miss Annie Weatherhead returned to Boga on Wednesday. * * * For espionage in London, a man named Gould was sentenced to six years' imprisonment. Tbe convict had Berved 12 years in the German Army and won the Iron Cross. According to figures supplied by the Commonwealth statistician, the butter trade of this country has suffered a serious setback during the last 12 months. The falling off in the export is due lo a decline in the quality, and the effect of the margarine competition, m * About a year or bo agone it was reported that Wirth Bros., of cir cus fame, had been left huge for tunes by some distant relative. Apparently the money has not materialised, for the famous circus men are still wooing the public under the circus teat. a * Somebody wired from Bega to the 'Daily Telegraph:' 'Beautiful growing weather now prevails, and prospects for the winter are ex cellent.' [Despite this declara tion, there are those who affirm that tho natural grasses are not making, and will not make suffi cient headway to provide winter feed. — Ed.] « a Football weather is fast approach ing and an oscasional jersey has al ready been donned. Bega had al most a|nurfeit of Uiegame last win ter, and it remains to seen whether outside teams will, this season, chase the leather for tho anuisement of Bega lads and lassies. a * A V.: 11 .-..nKIki'linn ll,/- a UiU piwuiuiung vuc CApuiv ation of worn-out horses intended for food has been read a second time in the House of Commons. Harrowing stories were told of cruelties, and gruesome accounts given of horse meat in sausages. Several private members spoke from personal knowledge of the shameless Continental trade. * m A stupid hoax was perpetrated by a swimmer in ihe surf at the Newcastle beach. An individual who was a considerable distance out threw up his hands as a sig nal that he was in difficulties nnd appeared to be making feeble efforts to keep afloat. Two men jumped from the rocks and others went out with the life-line but aB they got close to the man he swam away strongly being in no need of help. What a splendid joke it would have beon had a shark grabbed the fool, with his arm? hopelessly signalling tor help. Unhappily no law is provided to meet the case of tho all-too- confi dent and foolhardy surfer. *? m One of the English immigrants who arrived in Sydney by the Gee long on Saturday — a Leicester man annnlrinor In n 'D.iitr TYlH.Trnnh' representative, said that just uow in England Australia looms larger than any other British colony overseas. 'The British,' he said, 'are tired of Canada; there is no room for them in the United States; thoy are not wanted in South Africa; and such good re ports are coming through from the Commonwealth that this is the place we are cow looking to. I am of the opinion that the immigration boom from Great Britian to Aus tralia and Now Zealand will go on for years.' a * Speaking nt n social function on Saturday evening, Mr Richardson, one of the three railway commiss ioners made a speech which showed that he had great confidence in his administrative ability, and that of his colleagues. He said: 'Mr. nurpsr, me unn-i uuiuuiisaiuutsi and himself had been schoolmate?, and the equal of the other com missioner, .Mr. Fraser, iviw not to be found even in England. He thought they would be able to show that Australian-trained men were equal tri any others.' There is nothing like starting with plenty of oonfidsnce, A rille club has beon formed at Bergalia, near Moruya. k - Tho Budget acknowledges re ceipt of n complimentary ticket for a social at tho Tathra- hall on Easter Monday. « * Monday's dailies report that Knmeruka Estate's Belladonna was awarded third prize for Jersey heifer lyr and under 2. * « William Rixon will have a big yarding of Biock a Mann's yards at Candelo on Saturday next includ ing a small dairv herd iu full milk. * a A £10 rifle match is to be do cided at Wolumla on Easter Mon day. It is likely that a good many shooters wiil be prosent from the Bega club. a a * Mrs. W. Weatherhead, who has been suffering from sciatica, is leave on an overland trip to the city. a a For the musical festival next month there will be competitors from many outside centres. This shows that thin interesting musi cal display is growing popular, for last year tbe competitions were confined solely to local people. The Premier of. West Australia has defined a 'wowser' as a per son who was very shocked at see ing two or three inches of open work stocking but was not shocked at people who got too little re muneration for their work. a a On Sunday last Mr. Kneen found a partion of his boat some three miles from where his shed was washed away by the recent flood. This is an unfortunate loss for our townsman, as the boat was a handy size and valued at nearly £8. * a Miss Poole of Central Tilba is advertising for sale high grade brown Leghorn fowls. Miss Poole is one of the most successful breeders on the South Coast, and won first prizes at the Tilba and Cobargo shows against keen com petition. a » Mr. R. J. Burns received a wire from Mr. A. L. Manning Btating that he had won third prizes with his Jerseys, Molly Bawn, Noble Lord, and Golden Fox, and that the classes were splendid. With the competition of tho entire com monwealth, Mr. Manning should be pleased with his success. * * * The Premiers' Conference is just now sitting in Melbourne. What is going to become of the meeting nobody seems to be troubling aoouc. Anynow, as iar as mis State is concerned, its representa tives being Labor, cannot pledge themselves to any decision or principle not endorsed by the annual conference. The Pre miers' confab appears to be a loss of time and money to our State. 4 * Speaking at the Fort-street High School Bp°ech day on Mon day Mr. Carmichael ( Minister for. Education) said that much of the well- deserved fame that had haloed j Dr. Mawson was due to the fact that lie w is a Fort-Street boy. An old boy, Sir Edmund Barton, was sitting on the High Court, while Judge Ferguson another Fort street bov. adorned the bench. Then the present 'Lord Mayor hailed from the same school and there are many others in respon sible positions who passed through Fort-street the greatest of our pub lic schools. * * '?Buckets of diamonds. Yes, buckets of them. Not hard to understand when I tell you that that is how they may be seen at Premier Mines, Transvaal, the largest diamond mines in the world.' In this way, Mr. L. T. Kjaer, a Danish mining engineer, who has lived for 14 years in Sdulh Africa described the famout Premier Mine, from which fully 100 mining engineers have left during the laBt three months and come to Australia. Mr. Kjaer ar rived in Sydney on Saturday by Iho 'finolnrnr -- ?' K'i mUrlou' ho says 'is only a patch alongside the Premier Mine, which, is only a bole in the ground a mile long and 300ft. deep.' It employs about 1500 wl.itos and 20,000 blacks, and its output when in full swing, iB £25.000 a. day,' of which the Gov ernment takes 60 per cent, or £15,000 a day. Kjaer expressed his opinion that this mine, where apparently the supply of diamonds was inexhaustible would probably last 100 years yet. So far it has only been scratched, asnt were, and it is intended to sink another 3000ft. Mr. Kjaer added that the recent stride piayeu iremenaous hayoc with the diamond output. Fully 300 of the most skilled Eur opeans had been discharged, and their places filled by an inferior class of white labor and Kaffirs, and the output has dropped SO, per cent. The returns from the mine, therefore, was now a little more than £8000 a day. The London correspondent of the 'Daily Telegraph' writes under March 6: Trado this weok has been somewhat disappointing, nnd the demand for Australia aud New Zealand butter has been far from brisk. Th9 cause of this poor in quiry is probably to be found iu the fact that the new Siberian butter is now arriving in fairly largo _ quantities. Tho butter is good in quality, and it meets a brisk demand in Manchester and the North, where its pale suits the local repuiromenls. Thn best of the Siberian is making as much as 112s to 114a per cwt., and lower brands 108s to 110s; it is thus a shilling or two cheaper than the finest Australian, and consequen tly is^ preferred by many buyers, especially as many of the Aus tralian brands are still somewhat affected by heat. But although the trade in colonial butter is somewhat dull, there has been prac tically on depreciation in values, and as supplies after next week will be small, there ought not to be any decline, in Australian at any rale. 