'/" ■ : : —: , Farmers' Convenion. His Excellency the Governor, Sir Arthur Stanley, opened the twelfth annual conference of the \- Chamber of Agriculture at Mary borough, on Tuesday last. There were 500 delegates present, and among the visitors were the Prime Minister (Mr. Jos. Cook,) the Minis ter for .Agriculture (Mr. Hutchinson) and Messrs Hans Irvine and Kendall, M.H.R's, Rees, M.L C., and Out trim and Pennington, M^L.A's.- The Nathalia soci-ty w-^s represented by ''the .president (Mr. W. Leaf.) 'vice -president (Mr. G. Jackson) and .Messrs J. H. and G. J. Tuckett and J. J. Corry, the society's represen tative on the council. The election of officers resulted: — • President, the Rev. C. W. Woid ; vice-presidents, Messrs J. B. Brewer and D. McLennanexecutive com mittee, Messrs A. M. Maotie'r, C. W. Campbell, Thomas McCullogh, James Lamrock and W. G. McRobert. It was decided to hold the next con vention at Warigaratta. The Governor in his address com pared the land tenure of this and the old world, pointing out the diffi rence between the freeholder and . the tenant fafiner. The diffirence . in-the yields was partly due to the \- . / ■ soil, but jnttnse..,culture by the British farmer accounted for a good deal of it. The average wheat yield was about ix bushels in Victoria, as against 30 in the old country. The .. best farmer there, was considered to be the one who spent a sum equal to his rent inartificial fertilisers. He strongly recommended taking ad vantage of the ' experiments being carried out- at the Werribee re search farm. The speaker al3o dealt w th the transport problem, co-operation, and co-operative in surance. At the conclusion, of the . address the Governor was loudly applauded. Rural Co-operation Dr. J. W. Barrett dealt with this question in an able paper. He said that Australia exported £75,000,000 worth of material, 90 per cent, of ' which were the products c>f tlie farm, the station and the mine. Ex ports were paid for by imports and this meant that they took Inck ^75,000,00-) o£ various commodities, mostly manufactured, less the diff erence necessary for the payment of interest owing. Local manufacturers ' in general could not compete in the open market with goods made else where. The smallness of the home market and the high rate of wages accountet for -this. The farmer's product has to compete . in the world's market, and practically the price he received was determined in another country. One remarkable feature was the extraordinary de velopment of centralisation in Aus tralia and Victoria in particular. Political dominance, the railway system, the extension of Melbourne wages to country centres through the action of wages boards were some of the causes of this. He advocated making the country attrac tive and by organisation. Sir Horace .... Piunkett had .organised the Irish iarmers on a co-operative bisis- and he strongly advised that that gentle ' man should be asked to came and explain how co operation results had been obtained in other parts of the world, and how he personally effected what he had done in Ire land. . M. J. Baird and Mr. A. E. T. . Payne spoke 0:1 the subject, the latter remarking that if the Queensland pastoralists combined to establish freezing works and place an agent at Smithfield, they would hear no more of the meat trust, T On the motion of Mr. C. H. Davies (Rochester) and Mr. William Chris tenson (Traralgon,) it was decided to ask the Federal and Stafe Par liaments to forward an invitation to Sir Horace Plunkett to visit Aus . halia. Australian Butter. Mr. W. H. Osborne, of the West ern Distriot Factories Co-operative Produce Company, in dealing with the question said steps must be taken to [restore the reputation of Australian butter and urge the pas sing of the Cream Grading Bill. Mr. A. E. T. Payne and Dn S. S. Cameron, Director of Agriculture, spoke to the motion. The former, attributed the great success of Danish butter to co-operation. The latter advocated the Cream Grading Bill. It was agreed, on the motion of \- Mr. John Rankin (Golac), seconded by Mr. J. Doyle (Bendigo)—"That this Conference urges the Minister of Agriculture to place the Cream Grading Bill before Parliament at an early date ; and, further, to adopt a system of instruction and super vision in order to improve the quality of'Victorian butter." The following business was also dealt with:— That the Rev. C. W. Wood be .... recotnmendedfor appointment to tbe Sludge Abatement Board, a nomi nation having been asked for by the Minister of Mines (Mr. Drysdale Brown). On the motion of the .Rev. C. W. . Wood and Mr. P. O'Neill (Kilmore) —"i. That this convention views with satisfaction the' reccommenr dation of the Federal land tax com missioner regarding the advisability of a uniform standard of land valuation for taxation, purposes, and directs tbe txecutives to urge its early adoption. 2. That the primary producing bodies of the States be asked to co-operate, and bring the matter before their respective Go vernments —Carried. On the motion of Mr. R. Cook (Ovens and Mutray Society) and Mr. A. C. Ostrom (Echuca).—"That each affiliated society should take steps to see that every candidate at State elections is asked to define his position with regard to dredging in agricultural districts."—Carried. On the motion of Mr. W. G. McRobert (Bendigo) and Rev. C. W. Wood (ecutive).—"That this convention reaffirms its approval and satisfaction with" the recommen dations of the Royal commission's report on the marketing transpor tation, and storage of grain, and to make it a great Australian question." —Carried. \- On the motion of Mr. D. McLen han (presijent) and Mr. Lamrock (Dookie).— "That appreciation, b expressed of the action of Mr. A T- Payne in presenting to the Royal Agricultural Society prizes for the most effective and eoonomi o a 1 methods and appliances for hand ling wheat in bulk'"—Carried. On the motion of Mr. W. Foran (Waubra Farmers* Association) and Mr. G. Seymour (Romsoy).—"That this convention bring before the; Agricultural department the necessity of fixing a f.a q. standard of chaff, and that the producers have repre sentation on tliebiard for the fix ing of that standard." "That a conference of potato growers bs arranged to discuss the cost of producing, grading, .and marketing potatoes "—Carried. On the motion of Mr. G. Seymour and Mr. A. Stepriel! (Colac).—"Thai the Government be asked to co operate with the Tasmanian Govern ment in testing the legality of .tho charges levied by the Western Aus tralian Government for the inspec tion of potatoes." On the motion, of Rev. C. W. Wood and Mr. J. Carter '(Bendigo). —"That this convention directs the executive to urge the Ministry to apply the Pure Seeds Bill, and to bring in amending-legislation to provide for the compulsory testing of seeds offered for sale, in order to secure a fixed standard of germinat ing quality. The president .tlien submitted the following motion :-i-"That: the Go vernment policy in the following matters be commended:—(a) The construction of b irder railway lines ; (b) the conservation of the Murray waters ; (c) the development of the outer ports."—Mr, A. W. White, (Echuca), seconded, and it was carried unanimously. Mr. G. F. Sydenham {Col ic) moved.^-"That the convention ap proves of the establishment of dairy herd testing associations .throughout the State, and that the Government be urged to assist by granting a subsidy of ten shillings for every twenty shillings raised by each as sociation. Mr John Rankin (Colac), secor.ded —Carried. Mr. A. M. Mactier (executive), on the question of the registration of brands, lecommended asking the Government to legislate on the lines of the Brands and Ear-marks Act of South Australia, providing for the branding of cattle and pigs and the earmarking of all lamb-s when being tailed. He moved that the txecutive be instructed to move in the direction indicated. Mr. William Thain (St. Arnaud), . in seconding the motion, said that they had in all the other States legis lation similar to that which they sought. The motion was agreed to, note being taken of the suggestion of Mr. Payne, that provision be made re garding pedigree stock. Mr. John Ball moved and Mr. J. Browne (Werribee), seconded. — "That the Government be urged to legislate against uncertificated stal lions for public use." Mr. G. Bonney (Lang Lang), in opposing the motion, said that he knew ot stallions refused certificates for faulty conformation that had produced good stock. . The motion was carricd, 70 voting for and 58 against. 4Mr. J. Carter (Bendigo), introduced th ; question of taking steps re the soundness of mares. Mr. J. D. Rankin (Rochester), moved—"That the Government be requested to amend the Thistle Act, with a view of its being enforced by the Government, instead of by the municipalities." Mr. N. G. Rae (Ro chester), soconded the motion, which was negatived on the voices. Mr. T. A. Nixon (Orbost) moved, and Mr J. Johnson (Orbost) seconded —"That the executive make inquires into the importation. and manu facture of cornsapks, and urge the necessity of rigorous supervision at the customs with the object of securing a bag of uniform standard. -Mr. G F. Leach (Charlton) moved and Mr. J. S. Olive (Charlton) seconded.—" 1 hat in the opinion of this convention a demand should be made upon millers and wheat-" buyers for a more adequate com pensation for a wheat bag than that of weighing it in with the wheat, and that the question be referred to the executive to deal with."—Both motions were agreed to " Mr. A. M. Mactier (executive), said that the dog nuisance was a difficult one. He moved that the enforcement of the Dog Act be urged. . Mr. C. H. Davies (Rochester) seconded. He said that a man who had a valuable dog did not grudge the five shillings registration fee.— The motion was agreed to. Moved by Mr. A. J. Ritchie (Korumburra), seconded by Mr. ]. McGregor.-"That the Railway Com m'ssioners have inserted in all leases in respect of railway land a clanse providing that the lessee or the de partment shall destroy all harbour for vermin, and eradicate all noxious weeds."—Carried. Moved by Mr. W. C. Robinson (Heathcote), seconded by Mr. J. J. Dickenson (Heathcote).—uThat no sheep, either fat or store, be offered for sale without being dipped, arid that the Minister for Agriculture be asked to enforce the provisions of the Sheep Dipping Act." « Moved by Mr. W. Petering (Min yip), seconded by Mr. J. Lamrock. —"That the executive make repre sentations regarding the provisions of the State land tax in cases where transfers are made from father to son for natural love and affection." — Cariied. t Moved by Mr. J. Young (Hor sham), seconded by Mr. C. W. Campbell.—"That this convention urge on the land tax commissioner that assessment courts be at once constituted, and that the two mem bers to act with the judge or police magistrate, shall be men with a knowledge of the value of land, and of improvement values in that dis strict in which they are to act."— Agreed to. Moved by Mr. H. S. Pope (Donald) seconded by Mr. W. G. McRobert (Bendigo).—''That the executive ap proach the commissioner of faxes in regard to thf income tax allowances foi sustenance of employees, ami living expenses of taxpayers f unily employe ! m tin- business" -Car.k'.i Mined b> Mr. C. W (Jampb; i , th • t: <■■ C 'liwui 11 favour t e ;iho i n oi c .m« 69, in tt;e CIms^i beitienuru A«.i. Mi J. Lamrock ^seco»aed and it was carried. Mr. J. L. Pearce (Donald), said that steps should be taken regard ing the branding of lambs exported from Australia. At presgnt they were often sold ret til in Great Britain as from Canterbury, New Zealand. He moved — "That the matter be. referred ti the executive for consideration and action if neces sary." Mr. James Bailey (Bendigo) sec Hided the motion.— Carried. Mr. J. Owen (Great Southern) moved — "That the executive ap proach the Railway Department in regard to the disparity in railway freights on store stock travelling to wards the metropolis, compared with those travelling from Mel b >urne." It was decided to. leave the matter to the.executive. Mr. A. Bowman (Korumburra) moved—"That as the charge per cow for dairy supervision under Government, is so much higher than in the Western and other dis tricts under mun cipaladministration, this convention considers that the charge made by the department should be reduced. Mr. Ri Cook (Ovens and Murray) seconded, Dr Camejon spoke against. I he motion was negatived. Moved. by Mr. A. T. Bartlett (Corrjong), and seconded by Mr. J. McEwin (West Chariton).—"That tlie executive formulate a scheme by which the Agricultural societies throughout the State will bi able to co-operate with the Immigration Bureau in placing immigrants.— Carried. The following motion by Mr. S. Lockhart, seconded by Mr. M. P. Daly (Sea Lake), was negatived.— " That the executive urge the neces sity of placing on the statue-book an Enabling Bill which will give shire councils the power to compel landowners to leave a strip of land at least one chain wide on the eastern and southern bou-'d^ries of their paddocks unbroken, when fallowing their land in districts affected by sand drift on roads." Moved by Mr. S. Lockhart, se conded by Mr. M. P. Daly—"That Ihe Water Supply depirtment be urged to enforce in the Mallee the regulation in the Water Act which compels ownets of property through which water cliarinels run to leave a strip of land adjacent to channels uncleared and uncultivated.-Carried. Moved by Mr. J. Ball (Weiribee), seconded by Mr. J. Carter (Bendigo) —"That agricultural societies be urged to allow no prize ribbons or cards won at previous shows to bp worn during paiades."—Carried. Moved by Mr. C. W. Campbell se conded by Mr. j. L Pearse (Donald) —"That the executive consult with the Main Roads Board to provide for suitable tracks on the sides of main roads while in the course of construction."—Carried. Moved by Mr. F. W. Vear (Mul grave), seconded by Mr. H. Keck (Bendigo)—"That the State Govern ment, having accepted plans for the new central market, be urged to proceed with the erection of same." —Carried. Moved by Mr. ]. B Pearson, se conded by Mr. John Zwar (Kilmore) —"That the ^executive be requested to make a vigorous protest against the action of the Police department in substituiing bicycles for horses at a number of country police s-tations, and support such protest bv a deou tation." -Carried.. 