GERMANY'S PLAN OF CAMPAIGN HUGE ARMIES TO ADVANCE THROUGH BELGIUM. HEROIC LIEGE. HOLDS THE FORT WHILE EUROPE WONDERS. FURIOUS BOMBARDMENT OF BELGRADE. JAPAN ITCHING FOR WAR. THE COMING STRUGGLE. GERMANS AND FRENCH DRAW NEARER. HUGE ARMY FROM THE RHINE. LONDON, August 11. Intelligence from all the war centres is meagre, and reconnaisances by the forces have temporarily ceased. The French advance into Alsace has apparently shown that no great preparations had been made for a German advance near Belfort, and the ex- perts conclude that the mass of German armies, possibly comprising 12 army corps, aggregating 600,000 men, are preparing to advance between Liege and Thionville (on the Moselle, north of Metz), and the remainder probably through Lorraine. The advance, therefore, will be through the whole of Luxemburg. The Belgian War Office claims that the situation is satisfactory, and the French armies in Belgium are advancing methodically. The commander of one fort at Liege reports that the works are intact and that the men are in splendid spirits. It is doubtful how many German troops there are in the city. One report says 120,000, but probably only a few hun- dred are stationed there to control the citizens, as it would be madness to put a large force within the circle of the uncap tured forts. The Belgians are not shell- ing the Germans, not being desirous to risk the destruction of the city. PLANS THAT WERE FRUS- TRATED. BY BELGIAN'S HERIOSM. LONDON, August 11. The "Daily Chronicle's" correspondent reports that Germany had detailed three armies to smash France. The Northern Army, co-operating with the Ardennes Army, was to be flung against the French left, while the Third Army held the French, right. The check administered by the Bel- gians upset the scheme. THE SIEGE OF LIEGE. GERMANS CONCENTRATING AT HERSTAL. HEAVY GUNS IN POSITION. AMSTERDAM, August 10 The Germans are still endeavoring to re- duce the city of Liege to submission, and are now concentrating at Herstal, a town situated three miles north-east of Liege, on the Meuse. They rebuilt the pontoon under a heavy fire in order to admit of the passage of siege guns over the river. Some of these guns are already in posi- tion around Liege, while others have been sent to Namur, a few miles to the west- ward, where the German artillery are con- centrating. FORTS STILL COMMAND SITUATION. BRUSSELS, August 10. The Belgian military staff consider the German occupation of the town of Liege unimportant, while the forts still control the approaches. The Germans, they de- clare, are too weak to attack the forts. Three gardeners fired upon 200 Germans at Soiron. The gardeners were shot by the enemy, and the inhabitants of the village killed. The Germans are advancing chiefly through Esch-sur-Alzette. They have razed Merle. A large depot of arms of German origin has been discovered at Antwerp. EDWIN A. MAYFIELD, RUNDLE-STREET (Opposite the PAV.) Designs and still makes THE OLD QUALITY FURNITURE In Designs of any Period— Chippendale, Jacobean, SHERATON, MISSION, &c.; AT REASONABLE BRICES GERMAN PRINCES KILLED EIGHT THOUSAND GERMANS PRISONERS. BRUSSELS, August 11, 2 a.m. Amongst the latest victims of the Ger- man attack on Liege are Prince William of Hippe and his son. They were killed at Serianm while participating in an as- sault on the city. It is officially stated that the Belgians have captured no fewer than 8,000 German prisoners. RESTLESS KAISER. "KEEPER OF THE PEACE" NEAR BELGIUM. LONDON, August 10. It is reported that the Kaiser has gone to Aix-la-Chapelle, in Rhenish Prus- sia, from which place the operations of the German troops now fighting in Bel- gium are being directed. GERMAN SOLDIERS IN HOLLAND. CAPTURED BY THE DUTCH AMSTERDAM. August 10. Fifty German Uhlans were captured by the Dutch troops and disarmed at Maas- tricht, capital of the province of Limburg, Holland, to-day. The prisoners were placed under guard at Alkmaar, in North Holland. It will be remembered that the action of the Dutch in returning captured Ger- man soldiers to Germany raised inter- national questions recently. Apparently the Netherlands Government now intend to follow the canons of international law. A GERMAN CAPTIVE. NEPHEW OF THE KAISER. LONDON, August 10. Advices have been received here that Prince George, a nephew of the Kaiser, is among the German soldiers taken captive near Liege, and is now a prisoner at Brussels. GERMAN TROOPS RECOVER- ING THEIR SPIRITS. REVICTUALLING IN PRO- GRESS. LONDON, August 11. The German troops outside Liege are re- ported to be recovering their spirits and strength. Revictualling is almost continu- ous. The bombardment of the forts is also incessant. Advices from Paris state that a German cavalry brigade of some strength has crossed the Meuse and reached Tongres. BOY SCOUTS RECOGNISED. BUSINESS MEN AND DEFENCE. LONDON, August 11. The Government have recognised the Boy Scouts as a non-military body of public ser- vice. A conference of London business men has decided to organise a fifth line of defence. Londoners, in their spare time, will be taught the rudiments of drill and the use of arms, on the principle of the Irish volun- teers. The Colonial Secretary (Mr. Lewis Har- court) has given Nuneham Park, his coun- try seat in Oxfordshire, as a convalescent hospital. It will be used in conection with the base hospitals for wounded soldiers. THE CANNONADING BEGINS. BIG GUNS' DREADFUL ACCURACY. BELGIANS FIGHT LIKE DEMONS. LONDON, August 11. The "Daily Telegraph's" Liege corres- pondent reports that heavy cannonading began at 11.30 p.m. on Wednesday. There was a full moon. The German attack was directed against the Flerom and Bongelles forts. The artillery practice was perfect, shell after shell exploding fairly on the ramparts. The effect of the return fire of the Belgians could not be judged, as the gun positions of the enemy were admirably concealed. Apparently no siege guns were used. The Germans used high explosive shells, which in bursting lit up the scene with extraordinary vividness. At three in the morning the infantry fire commenced in the woods west of Riva and Ourthe, and between the forts of Embourg and Bon gelles, held by the Ninth and Fourteenth Belgian Infantry. The regiments of the Ninth Infantry bore the brunt of the at- tacks, which were repulsed along the line. At daybreak the Germans could be seen in close order. The engagement reached its fiercest stage at 5 o'clock, when the French fire was silenced. It was learned afterwards that the German fire smashed much of the mechanism of the disappear- ing gun-carriages. Small parties of Ger- man cavalry were seen at intervals between the infantry battalions, but no attempt at a cavalry attack was made. Towards 8 o'clock there was a lull in the German at- tack, which was checked all along the line, battalion after battalion being thrown back by the Belgians, whose Ninth Regiment fought like demons. WELL-PLACED BELGIAN FORTS. COMMAND GERMAN LINES OF SUPPLY. LONDON, August 11. The Belgian general staff points out that the Liege forts command three of the prin- cipal roads by which the Germans can ad- vance, and that it is impossible for the enemy to receive supplies of ammunition and armaments. THE GERMANS SIEGE GUNS. CAN THE FORTS WITHSTAND THEM? LONDON, August 11. Experts consider that the Liege forts are not likely to withstand an attack by siege guns. Lord Sydenham is of opinion that a few hours' bombardment with 850 lb. projectiles will reduce them to a shape- less mass. It transpires that while men in the front ranks of the German attacking force used cutters to remove the barbed wire en- tanglements guarding the approaches to the forts the others lay down. The forts, how- ever, directed a rain of grapeshot against them, and the Belgian sharpshooters picked the cutters off. A PATHETIC INCIDENT. FRENCH MEMORIAL UN- DRAPED. PARIS, August 11. A pathetic incident occurred at Paris yesterday. A great crowd, including many of the 1870 veterans, removed the crepe with which the Strasburg statue was swathed 40 years ago. The ceremony was conducted with the utmost dignity, amid subdued applause. The people were in- tensely moved. AUSTRALIAN LADIES TO THE FORE. ORGANISE RELIEF FOR LONDON'S POOR. LONDON, August 11. At a meeting of Australian ladies, held in London yesterday, it was decided to form a committee to carry on relief work among the London poor. Many subscrip- tions have already been received. The police have occupied Croydon Hall, near Dunster, which had been occupied by Count Hoghberg, a member of the Pless family. The property is valued at £100,000, and contains many art treasures. When war was declared Count Hoghberg told the servants that they might never see him again and disappeared. Six hundred members of the Cambridge University Officers' Corps, including 20 "blues," have applied for commissions in the Special Reserve and Territorials. IN ALSACE. FRENCH HOLD THEIR OWN. BIG BATTLE PENDING. PARIS, August 10. It is officially announced here that the French continue to hold their own at Ferney, Mulhausen, and Altkirch. Be- fore them is the forest of Hart, strongly held by the Germans. There have been numerous skirmishes along the whole front, and the French have lost 100 killed at Altkirch. Both the German and French armies have been reinforced, and a big battle is believed to be pending. FURTHER FRENCH VIC- TORIES. COMMANDING HEIGHTS CAPTURED. PARIS, August 10, 11.45 p.m. A despatch has just been received here announcing that the French forces on Saturday night captured the passes of Bonhomme (3,115 ft.) and St. Marie, run- ning through Vosges, and also hold the summits of the mountains, commanding the St. Maricaux mines. It is also reported that the French troops from Mulhausen have occupied Colmar. An armored train is repairing the railway be- tween Belfort and Mulhausen. GERMANS FLOODING A VALLEY. LONDON, August 10. The "Pall Mall Gazette" has received a message from an official source that the Germans are endeavoring to inundate the Seille Valley, near Metz, Lorraine, in order to delay the French advance. During the attack by the French on the German position at Alkirch an aeroplane of the attacking forces was riddled with bullets, and the aviator was wounded, but he managed to reach Belfort (France). A German hotelkeeper in Paris has been shot by the French as a spy. Wireless equipment was discovered in the roof of his hotel. FIGHTERS FROM THE TYROL ORDERED TO JOIN GERMANY. LONDON, August 10. The Grand Duke of Tuscany is in com- mand of the Austrian fourteenth army corps, which has been withdrawn from the Tyrol to prevent the men comprising it from being sent against the Servians. The supposition is that they, would pos- sibly respond with better spirit if matched against the forces who are opposed to the Teutons, Consequently the corps will proceed from Basle, in the north of Switzerland, to the German encamp- ment at Istein. AGAINST AUSTRIA. DECLARATION OF WAR. LONDON, August 10. Reuter's correspondent at Paris states that it is officially announced that the French Ambassador has been recalled from Vienna. The French Government have ascertained that the presence of Austrian troops in Germany is allowing a number of German troops to be set free to act against France. This is regarded as a hostile act. Hence the declaration of war. The Aus- trian Ambassador in Paris has asked for his passport. STRANDED TOURISTS. SHIPLOAD OF AMERICANS SAIL FOR NEW YORK. FIFTEEN THOUSAND STILL IN SWITZERLAND. LONDON, August 11. Six ships conveying 8,000 stranded Ame- ricans have sailed from England for New York. Fifteen thousand English and American tourists are stranded in Switzerland. The French Government are sending special trains to convey them across France. The Russian Duma, in a message to the House of Commons, says:-"Russia re- ceives with transport the powerful sup- port of Great Britain. May God bless the courageous arms of the Entente, which are defending a noble and just cause." TRADE ROUTES REOPENED. PERSIAN EX-RULER IN TROUBLE. COPENHAGEN, August 11. The export routes for the carriage of food for English ports have been re- opened. None of the German troops have so far been withdrawn from Schleswig. The ex-Shah and his family and 1,500 Russian refugees in Germany have reached Malme. The ex-Shah is proceeding to Russia. He states that be is in fear of assassination owing to the anti-Russian feeling in Germany. THE STEAMER ROON. PUTS INTO A NEUTRAL PORT. Sydney, August 11. The German mail steamer Roon, which was due at Fremantle, on Monday last, has according to a private cablegram re- ceived here, put into a neutral port in Java. There are many Australian passen- gers on board. (Continued on Next Page.) THE WAR (Continued from Page 9.) JAPAN AND GERMANY SENSATION AT KIAU-CHOU ATTEMPT TO SKETCH FORTIFICATIONS. TIENTSIN, August 10. Significant news, following upon the de- claration by the Japanese Government that they will take all necessary measures to discharge their treaty obligations to Great Britain, has come to hand from Tsingtao in the German- China province of Kiau- Chou. Three Japanese were caught sketch- ing the fortifications. They were tried by court-martial and condemned to death. A squad of German troops were drawn up with loaded carbines, and at a given signal from the officer in charge the Japanese were shot. At Tsingtau there is a garrison of 3,125 German marines, with a small force of Chinese soldiers. There is a school for European children, with 140, and a higher class school with 145 pupils. Judicial offi- cers are stationed at Tsingtau for the Euro- pean residents who have the right of ap- peal to the German Consular Court at Shanghai. From Tsingtau a railway runs to Poshan, 272 miles away. ATTITUDE OF JAPAN. PUBLIC WANT WAR. TOKIO, August 11. Prolonged Councils of State are being held, attended by members of the Japa- nese Cabinet and the Elder Statesmen. Public opinion in Japan is excited, and the newspapers strongly advo- cate war. They are impatient that Japan should apparently be playing a subordinate part. The treaty entered into between Great Britain and Japan, and signed at Lon- don on August 12, 1905, provided for:- (a) The consolidation and maintenance of the general peace in the regions of Eastern Asia and of India; (b) the pre- servation of the common interests of all Powers in China by ensuring the inde- pendence and integrity, of the Chinese Empire, and the principle of equal op- portunities for the commerce and indus- try of all nations in China; (c) the the maintenance of the territorial rights of the High Contracting Parties in the regions of Eastern Asia and of India, and the defence of their special interests in the said regions. If the rights and interests referred to above are in jeo- pardy, the two Governments will com- municate with one another fully and frankly as to the measures which should be taken to safeguard those menaced rights, or interests, and will act in com- mon in case of unprovoked attack or aggressive action wherever arising on the part of any other Power or Powers. The agreement was revised in 1911 by the omission of three articles which had become superfluous, and by the addition of a now article providing that, "Should either High Contracting Party conclude a treaty of general arbitration with a third Power, it is agreed that nothing in this agreement shall entail upon such con- tracting party an obligation to go to war with the Power with whom such treaty of arbitration is in force." The revised agreement remains in force for ten years from the date of its signature, July 13, 1911, and unless denounced twelve months before the expiration of the said ten years, it will remain binding until the ex- piration of one year from the day on which, either of the High Contracting Parties shall have denounced it. But if, when the date fixed for its expiration ar- rives, either ally is actually engaged in war, the alliance shall, ipso facto, con- tinue until peace is concluded. ENTHUSIASM IN BRITAIN CASTLES AS HOSPITALS. THE FINANCIAL APPEAL. READY RESPONSE BY THE WEALTHY. LONDON, August 10, 5 p.m. Earl Spencer, Earl Stradbroke, and many other peers are offering their houses and some their Scottish castles for use as hos- pitals for the injured. All classes of the community are re- sponding splendidly to the appeal for vo- lunteers for enrolment as special constables in London. The response to the appeal for financial help has been most satisfactory. The Prince of Wales' Fund already totals £500,000. The donors include Mr. James Caird, who has given £12,000. Sir R. Lucas Tooth has given £10,000 to the Australian Fund, opened by the Countess of Dudley, and has become chair- man of the fund. The shipbuilders and repairers at New- castle have arranged to transfer their men from merchant work to naval work on the Tyne, and are now prepared to execute any repairs in an emergency. THE BRITISH ENLISTMENTS. TOTAL 3,000 MEN DAILY. LONDON, August 10. Three thousand men are enlisting daily in the British Army, and it is expected that Lord Kitchener's appeal for 100,000 men will be met much sooner than was anticipated. The proportion of unfit offer- ing has fallen from 30 to well under 20 per cent, owing to the excellent class enlisting. WELSH MINERS ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT. LONDON, August 10. The Welsh coal miners, who refused, prior to the outbreak of hostilities, to take any action to assist the British Govern- ment for fear that war would be precipi- tated by any action they might take, have now decided to do everything in their power to aid the Government. SIEGE OF BELGRADE. FURIOUS AUSTRIANS AT BELGRADE. BRING HEAVIER ARTILLERY TO BEAR. NISH, August 10. Heavy siege artillery brought into posi- tion by the Austrian investing forces is being utilised in the bombardment of Bel- grade, which is consequently being re- sumed with fury. FIGHTING IN SERVIA. BATTLE AT NISH. NISH, August 10. The Montenegrins are determinedly at- tacking the Austrians along two fronts. The north-eastern force has captured Me- talka, Sienitza, and the surrounding heights, while the western force have oc- cupied Budu, near Cattaro. A REPORTED REVERSE. Vienna, August 10. A telegram received yesterday states that 4,000 Montnegrins on Saturday attacked the frontier posts east of Trebrinje, but were repulsed with the loss of 200 killed. The Austrians lost 22. BOMBARDMENT OF ANTIVARI MANY BUILDINGS DESTROYED. CETTINJE, August 10. The Austrian cruisers which have been bombarding Antivari, a Montenegrin town, 18 miles from Cettinje, destroyed the wire- less station, electrical mechanical works, naval station, store-houses, and a number of private residences there. The warships then steamed towards Cattaro, Austria. ITALY INDIGNANT. LONDON, August 11. The Austrian bombardment of the Mon- tenegrian coast is exciting intense anger in Italy. The irritation is the more significant as Austria is denuding the Italian frontier of troops in order to assist Germany in Lorraine. BRITAIN'S FOOD SUPPLY. PLENTY OF FROZEN MEAT. LONDON, August 11. Tue British Board of Agriculture states that the existing stocks of chilled and frozen meat are sufficient for six weeks with normal consumption. A supply suf- ficient for three or four weeks is due to arrive shortly. BRITAIN'S FOREIGN LEGION. LONDON, August 11. Five hundred men have already enlisted in the English Foreign Legion, including three Russian princes and several Italian officers. The Danish residents in England are organising a corps. GERMANY AND SERVIA. BERLIN, August 11. Germany has broken off relations with Servia. VIOLATION OF LUXEMBURG. PARIS, August 11. The Grand Duchess of Luxemburg has personally protested against the entrance of German troops into the duchy. An officer, however, brutally bade her go home and drew his revolver. The Grand Duchess withdrew and afterwards telegraphed a complaint to the Kaiser. ITALIAN WARSHIP FIRED ON. ROME, August 11. Some British destroyers yesterday by accident, fired at and drilled holes in the Italian cruiser Taurus, in four places. An Austrian admiral was on board. A BRITISH PROTEST. LONDON, August 11. I England has protested against the de- parture from the nentral port of Genoa of the North German liners Konig Albert and Moltke for the purpose of recoaling the German warships in the Mediterranean. The Italian Government have accepted, the protest and have refused to allow the liners to sail. BULGARIAN GENERAL DIS- MISSED. SOFIA, August 11. The Government have dismissed General Dimitrieff from his post in the Bulgarian Army for having entered that of Russia. Bulgaria being desirous for the present of maintaining its neutrality. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. OFFERS FROM ALL OVER THE STATE. Perth, August 11. The Governor (Sir Harry Barron) has started a patriotic fund and invited the Mayor of Perth to co-operate. All con- tributions in the State will be concentrated in this fund. Mrs. William Sutherland has given the first contribution of £100. Up till last night 465 volunteers had en- rolled at Perth and 164 at Fremantle. It is anticipated that Western Australia will be asked to furnish from 1,200 to 1,500 men, but judging from the enrolments to date it looks as if many times the number required will be forthcoming. The State Commandant to-day received advice that Colonel Hobbs, for so long identified with the Western Australian forces, has been appointed to command the artillery division of the Commonwealth contingent. Offers to serve in the contingent from South African soldiers are pouring in from all parts of the State, and a patriotic Perth business man, who saw active ser- vice in South Africa, has offered to or- ganise a force of 120 men, or one complete mounted squadron, for oversea or other service. A number of railway officers who are reservists in the Imperial army, have received notice to report themselves, and several deserters have entered an appear- ance at the drill hall. A special meeting of members of the German Club will be held to-morrow, when a resolution asserting allegiance to the King will be carried. Mr. Scaddan (the Premier) states that he has received from nearly all the Pre- miers of the other States telegrams re- questing an epitome of the Bill passed with the object of controlling and regulating local food supplies and prices. The steamer British Transport, laden with a cargo of phosphates for a German firm, has been detained at Albany. Lady Barron convened a public meeting held at Government House to-night, with a view to forming home nursing classes. The members of the council of the St. John Ambulance are co-operating. ARRESTS AT FREMANTLE. TWENTY-ONE GERMAN RESERVES. Fremantle, August 11. Twenty-one German reserves have been arrested at Fremantle by the police and handed over to the military authorities. Four were arrested on the steamer Arrino, four on the Kapunda, and two on the Yandilla. It is stated that a number have been arrested in the country and are now on the way to Fremantle. When the Orsova was in the Bight infor- mation was received that she had some German reserves on board. The men were lined up and on being searched it was found that one had a loaded revolver in his pocket. A search of his cabin also resulted in the recovery of a large quantity of ammunition. Two men were arrested on arrival and taken to the military camp. FRENCH MAILBOAT HELD UP. Fremantle, August 11. The French mail steamer Australien has received orders to remain at Fremantle until further notice. Among her passen- gers are Mr. Brunet, the Governor of New Caledonia, who was on his way to France, and who continued his voyage on the Orsova, which sailed for London this afternoon. Mr. Brunet said France was well prepared to resist the Germans on the Belgian border, as the First Army Corps has been concentrated there. WHERE IS THE ROON? Fremantle. August 11. The German mail steamer Roon, which was due at Fremantle yesterday, has not yet put in an appearance. It is supposed that she received a warning by wireless and has made for a neutral port. The Governor (Sir Harry Barron) has headed the war Patriotic Fund with a donation of £100. The Mayor of Perth has invited the wholesale and retail merchants and shop- keepers of the metropolitan area to meet him on Friday with a view to arriving at a common understanding with regard to the employes that will tend to distribute the burden and sacrifices of the present crisis. The Plumbers' Union states that the rise that has taken place in the prices of materials makes it impossible for contrac- tors to carry out some of the work in hand. A meeting of the union is being called with a view to bringing the matter before the newly appointed Royal Commis- sioners. BY MOTOR FROM THE WEST. IF PORTS ARE BLOCKADED. Perth, August 11. A communication has been received by the Military Commandant from Mr. W. R. Smith, supervising engineer of Common- wealth railways at Kalgoorlie, that in the event of shipping being blockaded at ports by foreign war craft he would have no dif- ficulty in organising a motor car service between Kalgoorlie and Adelaide along the route of the trans- Australian railway. The trip could be done in less than two weeks, and half a ton could be carried. Mr. Smith added that there were enough good cars on the goldfields to carry out a daily service. LABOR AND THE WAR WESTERN AUSTRALIAN UNIONISTS. Perth. August 11. The State executive of the Labor Federa- tion last night decided to ask the Govern- ment to convene a conference of represen- tatives of the Government, the Chambers of Commerce and Manufactures, and the Labor Federation in order to discuss the whole industrial aspect of the position aris- ing out of the present international crisis. Mr. McCallum, secretary of the Federation said:-"A large number of trade unionists have come to me and stated their pre- paredness to do anything within their power in defence of the country. These men comprise skilled engineers, bridge builders, and others, whose services are very valuable in war time. In fact, the unions can easily supply all mechanics that will be required if occasion arises, and if the Government need it the Federation are prepared to place the whole machinery of the trades union movement at their dispo- sal. Our aim is to keep our industries going if possible, and so to arrange matters that the burden of unemployment shall fall as lightly as possible on those who are least able to bear it." Kalgoorlie, August 11. To-day 120 members of the St. John Am- bulance Brigade (goldfields district) volun- teered their services to supplement the army medical corps. All these men are thoroughly trained. A special meeting of members of the Chamber of Mines will be held to-morrow to consider the matter of stores available for mining purposes. No official state- ment has been issued by the chamber, but independent enquiries indicate that the stores on hand and expected to arrive within a few days would be sufficient to keep all the mines supplied for 2½ months. TASMANIA. MORE VOLUNTEERS. THE MINING QUESTION. Launceston. August ii. The Mining Conference at Launceston was concluded to-day, and proposals are to be submitted to the Minister of Mines be- fore being made public. It is understood that a scheme has been propounded under which advances to tribute parties and companies by the Government, on ore won can be made if the Cabinet approves. The directors of the Mount Bischoff Tin Mining Company held a meeting to-day, and were addressed by Mr. W. H. Wallace, the secretary of mines, on the proposal of the Government to assist the mining indus- try. A reply to the propositions put for- ward will be given to Mr. Wallace to-mor- row. It is understood that the directors do not at present see the necessity for any advances being made by the Government in view of the fact that buyers often are still operating. The millers to-day reduced the price of flour to £10 10/- per ton, which is equiv- alent to the price paid in Melbourne. The enrolment of volunteers is still pro- ceeding rapidly at Launceston, and officers are kept busy. The exact number of volun- teers is not available. Captain Richard- son, A.D.C. to the Governor of Tasmania, left for Melbourne to-day on his way to England to rejoin his regiment, Lieutenant von Steiglitz, who has been in Tasmania on furlough, left for India to rejoin his regi- ment, the Connaught Rangers. The Acting Premier to-day called a meeting of certain heads of departments and senior officers of the Public Service, whose advice might be valuable, to the Government in making preparations for any emergency which might arise. It was decided that the Chief Health Officer should be chairman, and the following sub-committees were appointed:- Com- missioner of Railways and Engineer-in . Chief to deal with present and future prospects of work. 2. Surveyor-General and Director of Agriculture on agricul- ture, land and natural products. 3. Registrar of the Supreme Court and sec- retary of the Tender Board on food supplies and prices. 4. Under-Treasurer and Under-Secretary on finance. The sub- committees will meet and report to the whole committee on Thursday. NEW ZEALAND. GERMANS UNDER ARREST. Wellington, August 11. The Union Steamship Company has con- tributed £5,000 to the patriotic fund. The House of Representatives to-day passed the first, reading of a Bill intro- duced as an urgent measure designed to give the Finance Minister authority to borrow two millions sterling on the secu- rity of Treasury Bills. In reply to a ques- tion the Minister said the main object of the measure was to provide assured sound finances in the serious circumstances now existing. A unique scene was witnessed in the city to-day, when a number of Germans who,had been arrested in various parts of the Dominion marched through the streets under armed military guards to the barracks. It is probable that they will be interned on an island. The Wellington Hospital Board is estab- lishing a National Service Guild to assist the families of men engaged in military duties. At a patriotic demonstration today here was great enthusiasm. Mr. Massey (the Prime Minister), Sir Joseph Ward, and other Ministers spoke. Mr. Massey announced that money for the patriotic fund was coming in at the rate of £10,000 a day. PATRIOTIC FUND. A.J.C. TO GIVE £10,000. SYDNEY ENTHUSIASM. Sydney, August 10. Tremendous enthusiasm prevails in the city, and the war news is eagerly scanned. All kinds of rumors are afloat concerning the success of the British fleet. One story that seems pretty consistent is that the German fleet has been annihilated, but this has probably gained currency from a pub- lished statement that the North Sea is open to traffic in the day time. The strictest censorship prevails over all news, but it might be stated that thousands are enlisting for the expeditionary force. The Lord Mayor is confident that there will be a good response to the appeal that has been made for the establishment of a pat- riotic fund. He thinks also that a con- sensus of opinion favors a fund for Austra- lian purposes only. The Lord Mayor of Melbourne, he explained to-day, takes a similar view of the situation, and has been promised the support and co-operation of the Mayors of Brisbane and Adelaide in the movement for a united Australian fund to be used primarily for the benefit of widows and orphans and others who may be dependent on those who fall or are wounded in action. An amount of £25,211, belonging to the New South Wales patrio- tic fund instituted in 1899, is in hand, and this might be made available. Last year only £507 was disbursed to about 20 applicants. To-morrow night the Lord Mayor will confer with the city aldermen as to the advisableness of appointing a committee to discuss the whole question, but meanwhile he will receive subscrip- tions. To-day several large sums were promised. At the annual meeting of members of the Australian Jockey Club, to be held on August 19, the chairman (Mr. Adrian Knox) will move that the committee be requested to provide out of the funds of the club the sum of £10,000 to be applied at the discretion of the committee in aid of funds raised for patriotic purposes in connection with the war in any part of the Empire. CABLEGRAM FROM AGENT- GENERAL. Sydney, August 11. A second cabled dispatch from the Agent General for New South Wales in London was read to the Legislative Assembly to- day by the Acting Premier (Mr. Cann). The text of the message, which was dated August 10, was as follows:- "Since my last cable the House of Com- mons voted £100,000,000 for war purposes and the Cabinet appointed a Committee of Food Supplies for the fixing of a maximum price for staple articles. The national dis- tress fund has reached £500,000. The bank rate is now reduced to 5 per cent, and Government war risk insurance re- duced to £4 4/- per cent. The financial aspect is satisfactory. On Thursday last his Majesty's ship Amphion struck a German mine in the North Sea and 131 lives were lost. The French are now said to have joined the Belgian troops and oppose the further ad- vance of the Germans who occupy Liege, but not the surrounding forts. The French have advanced into Alsace and occupy Mul- hausen after some opposition. The first news of the British Fleet since the com- mencement of the war was issued by the Admiralty to-day and announces that one of the cruisers of the squadron of the main fleet was attacked by a German submarine yesterday. None of his Majesty's ships was damaged, but an enemy's submarine was sunk." QUEENSLAND FARMERS. Brisbane, August 10. At a meeting of the national central executive of the Queensland Farmers' Union to-night, a motion was unanimously earned pledging its organisation to assist the Commonwealth and military authori- ties if necessary in securing and forwarding direct from producers food supplies for the United Kingdom during the present war. The meeting unanimously recommended that Captain Austin's candidature for the Wide Bay Federal seat be withdrawn in order to leave Mr. Fisher free to assist the Ministry in the present grave European crisis. The secretary subsequently notified the meeting that Captain Austin had de- cided to leave the matter in their hands. AUSTRALIAN FLEET. TRANSFERRED TO KING'S FORCES. Melbourne, August 10. Although the Federal Government de- cided a week ago to place the Australian fleet at the disposal of the Admiralty, the formal proclamation transferring the ves- sels to the Imperial authorities was only issued to-day. It reads as follows: "Whereas a state of war exists between his Majesty the King and the German Emperor, and whereas by the Naval De- fence Act, 1910-1912, it is amongst other things enacted that the Governor-General may transfer to the King's Naval Forces any vessel of the Commonwealth Naval Forces, and any officers or seamen of the Commonwealth Naval Forces, and whereas it is deemed expedient to transfer to the King's Naval Forces, all the vessels of the Commonwealth Naval Forces and all officers and seamen of those vessels. Now. therefore, I, Sir Ronald Craufurd Munro Ferguson. Governor-General aforesaid, acting with advice of the Federal Execu- tive Council, do hereby order that from and after publication of this order, all vessels of the Commonwealth Naval Forces and all the officers and seamen of those vessels, shall be transferred to the King's Naval Forces, and that such trans- fer shall continue in force until the issue of a proclamation declaring that the aforementioned war no longer exists." BROKEN HIILL MINES. SERIOUS EFFECTS. Broken Hill, August 11. On the Broken Hill mines the position is pretty well the same as on Friday. The British mine is practically at a standstill, only about 80 men now being employed. Arrangements, however, are being made for the half-time system. The South mine has started the week-after-week system of work with the full staff. De Bavay's have two mills running, dealing with the full mill tonnage. Only about 100 men are left on the Central mine and Sulphide Corporation, where only shaft-sinking and mullocking will be prosecuted. Block 10 will continue development and milling until the bins are full, and then confine work to development and the instillation of additional compres- sor plant. The Proprietary has decided on the week-after-week system. MEAT FOR EXPORT. AUTHORITIES WILL CLAIM IT. A QUEENSLAND BILL. Brisbane, August 11. In the Assembly to-day Mr. Barnes, having secured, the suspension of the standing orders to enable the passage of the measure through all stages in one day, introduced a Bill to secure supplies of meat for the use of the Imperial Government during the war. Mr. Barnes explained that the necessity of taking action had arisen out of a request re- ceived from the Imperial authorities. The Bill would be administered by the Chief Secretary, and would allow the Govern- ment to lay hands on all meat which was intended for export, whether live stock or canned. It was only intended to deal with stock for export, and there was no intention of touching meat for local supply. There was already avail- able in Brisbane and other ports a large supply of meat, and it would be made available for the Imperial authorities. In case of a vessel being in the Brisbane River with a shipment of meat aboard, the Imperial Government would pay the contract price for the meat. Sales were prevented under the Bill if it was con- sidered that they would prevent carrying out the object of the .Bill. A board would be appointed to fix prices for meat which had not been brought to the market. The penalty for breach of the Bill was a sum not exceeding £1,000 or one years imprisonment. The Bill passed all stages, and also passed through the Legislative Council. OLD SCOTTISH INFANTRY MEN VOLUNTEER. On Tuesday Major Smeaton presented to the Military Commandant (Colonel Irvine) the list of names compiled by the late sec- retary of the old Scottish Infantry (Mr. A. Thornton) of those who were members of the corps, and now willing to enlist for service abroad. The volunteers numbered over 70 thoroughly trained men some of whom have seen active service. The Scot- tish Infantry was formed in 1900, but dis- banded when the present universal system of compulsory military training came into force throughout the Commonwealth. THE NAVAL COMMANDANT. Since war was declared the South Aus- tralian Naval Commandant has had an onerous duty thrust upon him, but he has carried out his task as a naval officer ought to do. To-day he will get a slight respite, as he has been directed to go to the eastern States. He will leave by the afternoon's express train. CARGO STEAMERS AS WAR PRIZES. WHAT TRADERS WANT TO KNOW. Adelaide merchants are not at all clear in regard to their position relating to car- goes on steamers which have been seized as prizes of the war. The matter was dis- cussed at a well-attended meeting of the council of the South Australian Chamber of Manufactures on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. H.B.Thompson said merchants were exercising their minds as to how they should act in regard to their consignments of goods on board vessels seized in conse- quence of the war. However, in regard to some of the goods, the Federal Govern- ment had decided to release them. He had noticed that the Prime Minister had stated that trade must go on, and yet he was given to understand that the Customs were doing what they could to hinder merchants. He had heard of the case of one firm, who had goods in bond for nine months, and when they wished to release them the Customs authorities said, "No, you can- not." If that sort of thing was allowed to go on it was useless for the Prime Minis- ter to talk about trade going on. He moved-"That, in view of the uncertainty at present existing in the commercial com- munity as to the position of merchants in regard to goods of German origin or in German bottoms now in transit to Aus- tralia, or at present held up in Austra- lian ports, the Prime Minister be respect- fully requested to supply answers to the following questions:-What will be the position of the consignee on the safe ar- rival of a ship in port in regard to-(1) German goods purchased through a Ger- man house and shipped in a German bot- tom; (2) German goods through a British house in a German bottom; (3) German goods through a British house in a British bottom; (4) German goods through a Ger- man house in a British bottom: (5) British goods through a German house in a Ger- man bottom; (6) British goods through a British house in a German bottom: (7) foreign (other than enemy's goods) through a German house in a German bot- tom; (8) foreign (other than enemy's goods) through a British house in a Ger- man bottom; (9) foreign (other than enemy's goods through a German house in a British bottom." Mr. F. N. Simpson pointed out that his firm had over 100 tons of iron on the Griefswald at Fremantle, and he had re- ceived a reply from the Federal Govern- ment stating that the firm could make ar- rangements for landing the goods at Fre- mantle, whence it could be brought to Ade- laide by coastal boats. He believed that would apply to all goods on vessels simi- larly situated. Mr. J. W. McGregor seconded the mo- tion. He had been met by many people, who had asked him. "I have been asked to accept a bill for goods in transit: what will be my position if I accept the bill and I do not get the goods?'' He had re- plied that if they accepted the bill they were bound to pay. They did not want people accepting bills if they did not know whether they were going to receive the goods even after they had arrived at an Australian port. He had friends who had accepted bills for goods on the Stolberg. The position was acute, and the Prime Minister should make a definite statement on the matter, so that traders would know where they stood. Mr. Simpson suggested that the Prime Minister might be asked if it were not possible, when a boat was seized to take it from port to port and discharge the cargo at the port to which it was con- signed. His firm had between 130 and 140 tons of goods on the Griefswald at Fre- mantle, and the cost of getting it round to Port Adelaide would be 30-/ per ton. The Chairman-You are lucky to be able to get the goods at all. Mr. Thompson said the bill of lading pro- vided that the consignee took the risk. Mr. A. E. Clarkson said it was not likely that the Government, having once seized a boat, would take the risk of the ship getting on the high seas again. The motion was carried. The secretary said it had been suggested by Mr. McNeilage that the Prime Minister be requested not to hamper business any more than was absolutely necessary. Mr. G. F. Cleland moved-"That the Prime Minister be asked to facilitate, so far as possible, the delivery of goods through the Customs in order to enable manufacturers to continue their business without dislocation." How were they to keep their men at work if they could not get the materials? Mr.T. E. Yelland seconded the motion and said he believed every consideration would be given to the matter. Mr. C. Allen said it was also necessary to secure facilities in other directions. For instance, his company was prohibited from sending lubricating oil to Edithburgh, in order to keep the machinery going there in the salt refining trade. Mr. Cleland did not see why they should be prohibited from sending olive oil from Adelaide to Melbourne by boat. The motion was carried. TO ATTEND THE WOUNDED AND DYING. The noble work of attending the wounded and dying on the battlefield is forcefully appealing to South Australians. Although notice calling for the names of those will- ing to prepare for service abroad was only issued on Tuesday morning, there were over 70 applications from men and women by 5 o'clock that afternoon. The intimation issued by the hon. secretary of the Ade- laide centre of the St. John Ambulance Association (Mr. Bentley S. Connor) asked certificate-holders in the association willing to be placed at the disposal of the military authorities as a supplement to the Army Medical Service, in units of the St. John Ambulance Brigade, to report to him at the earliest possible moment. Early in the day six certificated men and three women applied to Mr. Connor for service abroad, and there were over 60 applications from those anxious to join the association's classes in preparation for service if neces- sary. These classes will be formed imme- diately, and Mr. Connor stated that he would be pleased to receive the names of any more who wished to take up the work. "FIRST-AID" CLASSES TO BE FORMED. This afternoon in the Willard Hall, Wakefield-street, Lady Symon will preside over a public meeting convened for the pur- pose of forming first-aid classes for women and girls in South Australia. GOODS PROHIBITED FOR EXPORT OR TRANSFER. In accordance with a proclamation which appeared in the "Commonwealth Gazette" of August 6, the following list of goods was prohibited from being exported from the Commonwealth or transferred from one State to any other State or carried coast- wise:-Acetone, aeroplanes, airships, bal- loons of all kinds and their component parts, pack saddle, and draught animals suitable for use in war; arms, rifles, of all kinds, and their component parts; ben- zol: blast furnace oil; carbons required for searchlights, cartridges, charges of all kinds and their component parts; chrome and ferrochrome; cloth, hempen; copper, ore or wrought, all kinds; cotton, suitable for use in the manufacture of explosives; cot- ton waste; creosote: dimethylanline; en- gines and lorries, internal combustion, cap- able of carrying a load of 23 cwt. and up- wards, whole or in parts; fuel oil shale; fulminate of mercury; gunpowder; mineral lubricating oil; nets, torpedo, nickel, and ferronickel; coal tar oil; oil, olive; petro- leum, fuel oil; petroleum, gas oil; petro- leum, spirit or motor spirit (including shell spirit); projectiles of all kinds and their component parts: sacks, coal: silk cloth, silk braid; silk thread, suitable for cart- ridges; silk noils; smoothfast and bandages; toluol: zinc. The proclamation does not relate to shipments for or on behalf of the Commonwealth Government. The carriage of coal and kerosine coastwise is not pro- hibited. As the prohibition led to consider- able inconvenience the Customs authorities were approached with a view, if possible, to minimise the upsetting of business. It finally has been agreed that, provided the State Collectors of Customs are satisfied, they can allow some of the goods specified for coastwise transfer from one Common- wealth port to another. The goods must, however, be in a British ship engaged in trade solely between Commonwealth ports. The specified goods are:-Benzol, blast fur- nace oil, hempen cloth, all kinds of cop- per, cotton waste, creosote, engines and lorries as already described, mineral lubri- cating oil, coal tar oil, olive oil, petroleum of various kinds as described, sacks of coal, smoothfast and bandages, and zinc. TENDERS FOR PROVISIONS FOR EXPEDITIONARY CAMP. Tenders are now being called by Captain E. H, Bushell, D.A.Q.MG., for the supply of provisions, forage, and fuel for the camp of the expeditionary forces. The tenders will be received up till noon on Saturday next at the district headquarters, Keswick. Sir-It distresses one to go about Port Adelaide and see the number of lumpers who have nothing to do. The bad season and the war are the causes of this dearth of employment. Single men might go afield to work on railway making, but the married men require something to do nearer home. For very long South Aus- tralia has required a dry dock at Port Ade- laide. May I suggest, as I believe they have the general plans of such a dock, that the Government proceed to construct it as a relief work for the married men of the Port?-I am, &c.;, J. C KIRBY. (Continued on next page.) THE WAR (Continued from Page 10.) WAR AT SEA A SUBMARINE SUNK. LONDON, August 10. The Admiralty have informed the Lord Mayor of Birmingham that the cruiser Birmingham (5,440 tons, 9 6-m and 4 3-in. guns) has sunk the submarine A15. GERMAN LINER CAPTURED. VALUABLE CARGO OF SPECIE. LONDON, August 11. Advices have been received that a Bri- tish cruiser has captured the Hamburg Amerika liner Cap Ortegal, 7,800 tons, with specie on board to the estimated amount £1,000,000. It is presumed the vessel was seized in Brazilian waters. ARMED GERMAN LINER CAPTURED. BY BRITISH CRUISER. NEW YORK, August 10 The Anglo-American liner Narragansett reports that the British cruiser Essex has just captured the N.D.L. liner Kronprinz Wilhelm, 14,908 tons. The Kronprinz Wilhelm left New York on August 3 empty of cargo and passengers and bound ostensibly for Bremen It was believed that she carried guns, and specu- lation was rife whether she intended to attack ships on the grain route Her cap- ture will relieve the minds of masters of British ships in the Atlntaic. BRITISH CABINET. APPOINTMENT FOR LORD ISLINGTON. LONDON, August 10 Lord Islington, formerly Governor of New Zealand, has replaced Lord Emmott as Under-Secretary for the Colonies. FREIGHTS TO AUSTRALIA. A BIG ADVANCE. LONDON, August 10 There has been a big advance in the rate of freights to Australia, averaging an increase of 25 per cent. STEAMER STRUCK A MINE. A GERMAN DEATH-TRAP. LONDON, August 10 The Norwegian steel screw steamer Tysla, of 4,676 tons, while entering the port of Wirelingen, caught fire after having struck a naval mine floated by the Ger- mans. THEATRE OF THE WAR. This map of the Countries concerned in the gigantic world war will be found of exceptional interest, as it gives the location of the towns now figuring in the grim drama, as well as those regarded as important strategic points in the campaign. CALL FOR NAVAL VOLUNTEERS. The naval authorities are calling for volunteers for service outside Australia for a period of not more than six months. The picture shows a group of Commonwealth naval men exercising on shore. RISK OF CAPTURE. TWO VESSELS UNINSU- RABLE. LONDON, August 10. So great are the war risks in connec- tion with two vessels in which British traders are interested that they are prac- tically uninsurable. They are the Nor- wegian sailer Largiemore, 1039 tons, and the British steel screw steamer Beethoven, 1,762 tons. A HAVEN OF REFUGE. LISBON, August 10 Thirty German merchantmen are refug- ing in the River Tagus. BIG FLEET OF AUSTRIAN WARSHIPS. IN THE ADRIATIC. PARIS, August 10, 6.5 a.m. Thirteen Austrian battleships and cruisers, with sixteen torpedo boats, have been sighted in the Adriatic. PETERSBURG, August 10. The German cruisers Goeben and Bres- lau passed the southern end of Greece to- day apparently going to the Dardanelles. A SPY SHOT. PARIS. August 10. A German major has been surprised at Tours attempting to blow up a railway bridge. He was court-martialled and shot. THE LOSS OF THE AMPHION BURYING THE DEAD. LONDON, August 10. Four British tars belonging to the Am- phion, and four German sailors, belonging to the Koenigin Luise, were buried in a common grave at Shotley. The Amphion's survivors state that when the Koenigen Luise was sighted a shot was fired across her bows. She refused to stop, and a chase began. The destroyers caught and surrounded her. The captain refused to surrender, and the vessel was taken by force. The disaster to the Amphion oc- curred as she was returning to port. A DANGEROUS CARGO. AUSTRIAN VESSEL ORDERED FROM NAPLES. ROME, August 10. The Austrian steamship Bayern has been ordered to leave Naples owing to the dan- ger to shipping from her cargo of dynamite and live projectiles. She is trying to reach the Adriatic under cover of darkness. It is suspected that her mission is to re- plenish the magazines of the Goeben and Breslau. GERMAN SPIES IN ENGLAND. TROOP TRAINS FIRED AT. SECRET WIRELESS STATIONS FOUND. DANGER TO RAILWAY BRIDGES. LONDON, August 10. A number of incidents are being reported which indicate that German secret agents are actively at work in the United King- dom. Troop trains, containing British soldiers travelling to mobilisation centres, have been fired at near Crowhurst, in Surrey, from both sides of the line, while travel- ling at full speed. Several of the carriage windows were broken by the bullets, but it is not reported that any of the men were hurt. The police are searching for the enemies of Great Britain responsible for the dastardly practice. Motors containing strangers were seen by the country people near by where the shots were fired. Germans in several parts of the country have been arrested or disturbed while ap- parently tampering with railway bridges. During investigations made by the autho- rities while the Atlantic liner Zealandic (10,898 tons), of the Oceanic Company, Liverpool, was being equipped for sea a number of German naval reservists were found working among the crew. They were immediately removed. The police have discovered wireless in- stallations at several houses occupied by Germans in London suburbs. The Olympia grounds at Addison-road, London, where the Royal Naval and Mili- tary tournaments and the International Horse Shows are held, has been made a concentration camp for Germans taken in- to custody in the interests of British safety. Three hundred captives have al- ready been placed under guard there. Many Germans arrested in the North of England have been sent to York Castle. GUARDING WEAK SPOTS. PRECAUTIONS IN ENGLAND. ACTORS TAKE A HAND. LONDON, August 10. Colonel Sir Edward Ward (Permanent Under-Secretary in the War Office) is orga- nising a force of special constabulary to serve for four hours daily and protect the docks, bridges, gasworks, and waterworks. The squads, so far as possible, will con- sist of 10 men, who are friends, and thus will co-operate well. Motor cycles are par- ticularly in requisition. Many actors of the London and provincial theatres and music-halls are volunteering for duty from midnight to 4 a.m. GERMAN RESERVISTS. ARRESTED IN ENGLAND. JUST ABOUT TO EMBARK. LONDON, August 10, 5 p.m. Yesterday 200 German reservists, who had been living in England, sought to get back to Germany, but they were arrested at Folkstone just as they were about to embark. A further contingent of 60 reservists were arrested to-day under precisely simi- lar circumstances. WOMAN SPY ARRESTED. LONDON, August 10. A party of 120 Germans, presumably re-. servists, have arrived at Portsmouth, where they have been imprisoned. Sixty have also been detained at Swansea. A woman, be- lieved to be a German spy, has been ar- rested at the Millhouse gunpowder works at Dunoon. The Japanese Embassy in London con- sider the report that Japan has issued an ultimatum to some Power, whose name is withheld, to be false. The Bishop of London, at an interces- sion service to-day suggested that nobody ought to exceed two meals a day during the present crisis. BRITISH PARLIAMENT ADJOURNS. REASSEMBLES AT END OF MONTH. IMPORTANT PARTY AR- RANGEMENT. LONDON, August 10. The House of Commons adjourned to-day until August 25. Mr. Asquith said he hoped then to be able to wind up the ses- sion in a way which would meet with general acquiescence. The Leader of the Opposition (Mr. Bonar Law) said he would gladly help to do his best to prevent any controversial debate, which would be a national calamity at this juncture. The Crystal Palace has been offered to the War Office as a temporary hospital. USEFUL BOY SCOUTS TAKE UP MANY TASKS. LONDON, August 10. Practically the whole of the Boy Scout force is doing useful work, including the guarding of the cables. Sea Scouts are as- sisting the coastguards. Eight thousand London Boy Scouts, of which number half are cyclists, have volunteered for local ser- vice. Already 2,500 have been requisi- toined by the Post-Office and other public departments, Red Cross, and other socie- ties. Scouts equipped with blankets and ra- tions on Tuesday left the city in batches of 80 to scour the outlying districts ROYALTY AND THE SIMPLE LIFE. FRUGAL FARE AT BUCKING- HAM PALACE. CINEMA PICTURES BLOCKED. LONDON, August 10. The King and Queen have ordered plain and simple living as the daily rule at the Royal table. The Government have noti- fied the cinema companies that they will not be allowed to show war pictures in any shape or form. If they do their licenses will be instantly cancelled. Universal references to the war were made in the churches on Sunday. There were crowded congregations, and the Na- tional Anthem was generally sung. The preachers emphasised the justice and righteousness of England's decision. Arch- deacon Wilberforce, preaching in West- minster Abbey, said that if ever there was a righteous war this was one. Dr. Bourne, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westmins- ter, preaching in the cathedral, said there was no question as to the justness of the war. PRINCE OF WALES' FUND. HANDSOME DONATIONS. LONDON, August 10. The fund inaugurated by the Prince of Wales for the refief of distress caused by the war has been augmented by the Duke of Westminster, who has given £15,000. Lady Strathcona (widow of the late High Commissioner for Canada), the Eastern Ex- tension Telegraph Company, and six other contributors, have forwarded donations of £5,000 each. REMEMBER THE WOUNDED BRITISH NOBLEWOMAN'S APPEAL BASE HOSPITALS ON THE CONTINENT. LONDON. August 10. Lady Sarah Wilson (Isabella Augusta Churchill) is appealing to the public to provide funds for military base hospitals on the Continent, so as to avoid a sea passage across the English Channel, for severely wounded British soldiers. Lady Wilson rendered splendid Red Cross ser- vice in the Boer war. She was taken prisoner outside Mafeking by the enemy on December 4, 1899, and was later ex- changed for a Boer prisoner. After the war the distinctions of Lady of Grace of St. John of Jerusalem and of the Red Cross were conferred upon her. The Duchess of Westminster is making a similar appeal on behalf of the wounded. If given £1,000, she guarantees £400 a month. (Continued on Next Page.} FRENCH CAVALRY All the cabled reports of the French operations against the Germans have given high praise to the French Cavalry, who this week chased the enemy from Altkirch to Mulhausen. The picture illustrates a typical charge by these soldiers. THE WAR (Continued on Page 11.) GOLD FOR ENGLAND. TWO AND A HALF MILLIONS RECEIVED. LONDON, August 10 The Bank of England to-day received an additional £2,500,000 in gold. SUSTAINING THE NATIONAL LIFE. FRENCH GOVERNMENT ORGANISING AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIES. PARIS, August 10. The first rush in connection with the military mobilisation is over, and more trains are now available for civilians. The Government are setting about organising the agricultural industries to enable the national life to proceed with the least in- convenience. There are abundant offers of female and male labor for industrial purposes, and the women will be distributed in the com- munes, according to applications from em- ployers. The Minister of Labor is increasing the transport of foodstuffs by requisitioning horses and vehicles, not requisitioned by the army. FLOUR FROM CANADA. GENEROUS DEVOTION TO BRITAIN. FOODSTUFFS TO BE SEIZED IF UNREASONABLY HELD. LONDON, August 10. Canada has offered the Government 98 million pounds of flour as a gift from the people of Canada. The first instalment will be sent in ten days. Mr. Harcourt (the Colonial Secretary) has accepted with deep gratitude a gift which, he says, will help towards steadying prices and reliev- ing distress. ''We shall not," he says, "forget the promptitude ot this gene- rosity." The House of Commons has passsd a Bill through all its stages authorising the Board of Trade to seize foodstuffs unreasonably withheld from the markets. Mr. T. P. O'Connor called attention in the House of Commons yesterday to the unreasonable delay in the transmission of cables abroad, due to the inadeqacy of the censor staff at the cable office. Mr. McKenna agreed that it was essential that there should be some journalistic common sense in the censorship, and that messages should not be stopped simply through the nuisance of the censor. CLUMSY CENSORING. THOUSANDS OF POUNDS WASTED. QUESTIONS IN THE COMMONS. LONDON, August 11. Mr. T. P. O'Connor, M.P., the well known journalist, asked the Post- master-General (Mr. C. Hobhouse), in the House of Commons last night if he was aware that thousands of pounds, were being wasted owing to the censorship of cable mes- sages. He asserted that the messages were censored three times in London, three times at the cable stations at Waterville, county Kerry, Ireland, and three times on the other side of the Atlantic, and requested that the function should be performed by trained jour- nalists. Mr. Hobhouse replied that the War Office, and not the Post-Office, controlled the censorship ARRESTS AT BOMBAY. GERMAN SCHEME FRUSTRATED. TAMPERING WITH WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS. BOMBAY, August 10. Thirteen German seamen, members of the crew of a German tramp steamer, have been arrested on a charge of having inter- fered with the wireless communications be- tween two British men-o'-war. AFRIKANDERS SUPPORT THE UNION JACK. GERMAN WIRELESS STATION DESTROYED CAPE TOWN, August 10. The Afrikanders at Aliwal North have cabled to the British Government:--"We can defend the Union Jack to the last cartridge." It is officially stated at Nairobi that a British cruiser has destroyed the German wireless station at Dar-es-Salaam, a port in German East Africa. DEFENCE OF IRELAND. GOVERNMENT CONFIDENCE IN IRISH PATRIOTS. LONDON, August 11. In the House of Commons to-day, re- ferrring to the defence of Ireland, the Prime Minster (Mr. Asquith) said Lord Kitchener was anxious to give every help in the organisation and equipment of the Irish Volunteers. The Government had shown their Confidence in the patriotism of the Irish by countermanding the dis- patch of English Territorials to Ireland, who under the mobilisation scheme. would have gone-- [The conclusion of the sentence, which the Imperial authori- ties thought might safely be transmitted, has been censored by the military autho- rities in Adelaide.] Mr. Asquith also announced that separation allowances would be paid to soldiers who married off the strength, and in the event of their being killed their wives and de- pendants would receive pensions. The War Office's refusal to recognise any obligation in respect to such wives had caused many hardships during the Boer war. PRISONERS OF WAR. 10,000 GERMANS. BRUSSELS, August 10. Ten thousand Germans entered Liege be- tween Evigne and Fleron, and were taken prisoner. They are now living in the university schools and public buildings, and are conducting themselves well and paying for everything they want. CANADIAN BRIDGE UNDER- MINED. TRAIN FALLS INTO RIVER OTTAWA, August 10. A railway train, which was approaching the Canadian mobilisation camp at Val- cartier, 17 miles from Quebec, fell through a bridge. Three persons were killed. It is believed the supports of the bridge had been undermined. GERMANS SECURE A HAUL. AMSTERDAM, August 10. The Germans have captured three motor cars, carrying large sums of money, which were trying to cross the frontier into Russia. THE PANIC IN TRADE. APPEAL BY BRITISH CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE. NO NEED FOR FEAR. LONDON, August 10. The Association of the British Chambers of Commerce has issued an appeal to the overseas Dominions in connection with the trade panic created by the war. It is pointed out that within the past week a very large number of orders for goods have either been cancelled or re- duced in volume, or the delivery has been postponed, possibly in consequence of the temporary advance in price or the uncer- tainty regarding all risks. The British Go- vernment, it is pointed out, have provided against both these contingencies, and the association appeals to traders not only to confirm their orders, but to increase them. The mother country has a very large in- dustrial population, and the manufacturers are doing their best to keep them employed, but they will not succeed if their customers suspend orders or delay payment for the goods already shipped. The association is satisfied that if their kinsmen oversea know the facts they will not overlook this practical means of assist- ance. GRAIN SHIPMENTS TO BELGIUM. CANADA GUARANTEES ALL RISKS. VANCOUVER, August 11. The Canadian authorities have informed the Belgian Government that they are guaranteeing all risks in respect to grain shipments from Canada for Belgian ports. The authorities have closed the ports of Montreal, Quebec and Halifax as a measure of precaution against possible raids. Newfoundland has increased her naval military forces and has offered the Imperial Government the services of 500 men for overseas duty. The Minnietonka has reached here after an exciting voyage at top speed, the fear being that she might be overtaken by Ger- man cruisers which are believed to be in the neighborhood. An embargo has been placed on wireless on all foreign ships in port, owing to the likelihood of their com- municating with vessels of their nationality cruising off the coast. ENTHUSIASM IN THE COUNTRY. Auburn, August 10 Before the commencement of the business of the meeting of the district council of Upper Wakefield Mr. S. Dennison (chair- man) said:-"At this critical juncture in the affairs of the Empire it behoves all Britishers to express their loyalty and offer what support possible to those in autho- rity." He therefore moved-"That this council express their loyalty to the Bri- tish Crown during this time of war with Germany", and offer, on behalf of themselves and ratepayers every assistance that lies in their power." Councillor Guthrie seconded the motion, and Councillors Donnelly, Free- man, and Roberts enthusiastically sup- ported. The National Anthem was sung and rousing cheers given for the King. On Sunday evening a meeting was held in the Institute. The hall was crowded. Dr. Yeatman occupied the chair, and the fol- lowing gave short patriotic speeches: The Rev. C. F. Hall, Messrs. Thompson Green, M.P., Storey, J. E. Isaacson, and S. B. Castine. Mr. W. A. Thompson re- cited "The Battle of the Baltic" and "Waterloo." The band, under Bandmaster Heath, gave several selections. Several residents of the district have volunteered to join the expeditionary force. REGULATING FOOD PRICES GOVERNMENT BILL INTRO- DUCED. The Government's Bill for temporarily controlling and regulating prices charge- able for the necessaries of life and other purposes was introduced into the House of Assembly on Tuesday afternoon. MAJOR BRAND, RECEIVES AN APPOINT- MENT. TO JOIN EXPEDITIONARY FORCE. Major C. B. Brand, of the Australian General Staff, has received an important appointment with the Australian Expedi- tionary Force that is to leave for Europe shortly. Major Brand is 40 yearsof age and has had 17 years' service, during which time he has seen active service as follows:-South Afri- can War, 1900-1. Operations in Rhodesia, April 26 to May 25, 1900: operations in the Transvaal cast of Pretoria, July to November 29, 1900, including action at Rhenoster Kop, November 29: operations in the Transvaal east of Pretoria, July to November 29, 1900; operations in the Transvaal; November 30, 1900, to January 31, 1901, and March 21 to April 22, 1901; operations in the Orange River Colony, March 2 to March 21, 1901; operations in Cape Colony, February 2 to March 2, 1901; Queen's medal with five clasps. Major Brand was appointed to the permanent staff in 1908, and has therefore had eight years' permanent service. Since his appoint- ment he has acted as G.S.O., Secundera- bad, in India, from October 5 to December 12, 1910, and from February 20 to October 2, 1911. Attended artillery practice, Camp Kapra, December 13 to December 22, 1910; D.A.Q.M.G. for 1st and 2nd Secunderabad Infantry Brigade's manoeuvres, January 3 to January 7, 1911. Staff captain Secun- derabad Cavalry Brigade at Jalna Cavalry manoeuvres, January 13 to January 28, 1911: musketry school at Rawal Pindi: February 11 to February 13, 1911; tran- sport school at Raway Pindi, February 14 and February 15, 1911. Since his return from India Major Brand has occupied the position of general staff officer in the South Australian district, and for seven months was Acting Commandant. Major Brand left for Melbourne on Tuesday afternoon for the purpose of arranging preliminaries in connection with his appointment. He will return to Ade- laide within a few days. NAVAL AND MILITARY EXPEDITION VOLUNTEERS CALLED FOR An official communication from the Naval Department on Tuesday stated that volunteers were to be called for from reserve M. and O. to serve in a naval and military expedition outside of Aus- tralia, for a period of not more than six months. The conditions of service will be published shortly. Volunteers before ac- ceptance will have to be declared fit by the naval surgeons, and the fittest men will be selected. The list is open for volunteers, officers and men, and age, past services, and present rank or rating will be taken into consideration. IMMIGRATION STOPPED. On the outbreak of war instructions were at once sent to London to cease all immigra- tion work. The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. F. W. Young) stated on Tues- day that the Government had been in the fortunate position of having only a com- paratively few berths engaged at the time. These, of course, would have to be sacri- ficed. WHAT AN AUSTRALIAN LEARNED. "Foreigners for several years have held the opinion that war between Great Britain and Germany was inevitable, and the only people that were blind to the fact were the English themselves." That is the opinion of, Major A.J.N. Tremearne, a member of the general committee of the British association for the Advancement of Science, who arrived in Melbourne on Sunday. Major Tremearne is a native of Australia, and served as a subaltern in the first Victorian contingent to South Africa. Having been wounded at Rensburg, he was invalided to England, and soon afterwards served as a special service officer in the Ashanti expedition. Subsequently he pro- ceeded to Northern Nigeria, and saw fur- ther active service in 1908 and 1909. Since his retirement from Nigeria he has been working at Cambridge, where he gained the degrees of M.A. and LL.M., also the first diploma of anthropology granted by that University. "Only last March," he stated, "I travelled with a French battalion of tirailleurs consisting of native Algerian troops, from Morocco to Tunis, and I was told by the officers that they considered war between Germany and France inevit- able. Since they regarded Britain as being bound to their country they were very un- easy at our apparent belief in Germany's peaceful protestations. In Tripoli I found that the Italian officers held a similar opinion. They regarded with great amuse- ment Lord Haldane's mission to Berlin. There is no doubt of Italy's friendship and admiration for England, in spite of the London press campaign against her in her war with Turkey." FRENCH LEADER IN ALSACE. A BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. "He has a good head for a watch-dog calm, yet always ready to bite." This de- scription of General Joffre, chief of the French general staff, furnishes in a few words an insight into his character which is of great accuracy. For the onerous task of commanding her vast army in peace, and for the still greater burden which would fall upon the leader to whom the whole safety of the nation would be en- trusted in time of war, France needs a strong man. And no one doubts that in General Joffre she has a man of the right stamp (writes Mr. G. Ward Prices, Paris correspondent of the "Daily Mail"). "He is sturdy and thick-set of figure. He wears a heavy, white, soldierly moustache, under which gleam strong white teeth that flash when he talks, as if to strengthen his resemblance to a watch-dog. His nose is short, and thick, and heavy. He has a habit of sharpening the glance of his eyes, al- ways calm and clear, by contracting them and peering grimly from under his heavy eyebrows. In spite of his stoutness he never looks anything but a soldier, even in mufti, though there is a joke against him in the French army that he has been so much in uniform all his life that he has never mastered the mysteries of civilian dress sufficiently to learn how to keep his tie from climbing up his collar at the back. General Joffre was born in 1852 in the Pyrenees, and he saw active service as early as any French officer now living, for while he was still a cadet of 18 the Franco- German war broken out, and his mili- tary studies were interrupted at once. Hastily promoted second lieutenant, young Joffre was attached to a regi- ment of artillery, and took part in the de- fence of Paris during the siege. It was a sapper, however, that he spent the greater part of his career. In the Tonkin campaign, in the Far East, he built forts under the direct fire of the Chinese troops. Then he was stationed in French Indo- China, and fought a campaign there. Fin- ally he saw active service round Timbuctoo, before returning to a command in Paris, "General Joffre was appointed Generalis- simo of the French army after a Govern- ment crisis which cost one Cabinet its political life. Until he was appointed in July, 1911, there had been for many years no commander-in-chief of the French army. The Monis Cabinet was attacked for over- looking this important detail of national defence. General Goirau, the War Minis- ter, explained that it was not thought wise to decide on a Generalissimo before the actual outbreak of war. The admission led to the fall of the Cabinet, and M. Cail- laux succeeded to power, with his War Minister (M. Messimy) pledged to fill the gap. It was then that General Joffre was chosen." AUSTRALIAN SHIPPING. Tlie steamer Gracchus, which left Cal- cutta for Australian ports on July 26, is detained at Singapore. The Janus was expected to leave Colombo on Monday for Fremantle, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. A private cable advice from Calcutta states that no information can be given as regards future sailings from that port. The A.U.S.N. Company, agents for the Union Steamship Company of New Zea- land, advise that the regular service has been upset, and there will be no sailing to Hobart and New Zealand on the 19th inst., and there is a possibility of the steamer Maunganui from Melbourne to- day proceeding direct to Wellington in- stead of via Hobart and Bluff. OUR LUTHERAN SUBJECTS. Expressions of Loyalty. An outstanding feature of the present European crisis, from an Australian point of view, is the unswerving loyalty to the British flag which has been shown by the German subjects of the King in this coun- try. Enthusiastic meetings were held last week at Lyndoch and Rosenthal by Luthe- ran congregations, the members of which are of German descent, but, with a few ex- ceptions, Australian-born. The minister (Pastor J. Georg), addressing the meetings, said that all present deeply regretted the turn of events in Europe, but being true subjects of the British Crown, they fully grasped their divine obligation to honor, serve, and obey their King and his Go- vernment. The speaker also recalled to the minds of his audience the manifold blessings which had been enjoyed by the Lutheran Church from its first beginnings in Australia. It was the British Govern- ment which, about a century ago, opened its doors to those persecuted in Germany on account of their faith. It was under the British flag they had enjoyed religious liberty and had been able to prosper in their earthly callings. The British Govern- ment therefore could rest assured that true Lutherans would not forget the just and liberal treatment they had received at its hands. He felt convinced that each mem- ber present would show his gratitude by willingly and faithfully fulfilling his duties and obligations to his be- loved Sovereign and country, by loyally supporting and assisting, as much as lay within his power and means, the Government in the present crisis. The meetings passed the following resolution: "We do hereby declare that we, being lovers and advocates of peace, are never- theless fully aware of our duties and obli- gations towards our Sovereign, King George V., and our beloved country, and that we, as true Australians, express our undivided loyalty to our King and his Go- vernment. Furthermore, we, as loyal sub- jects of the British Crown, are willing to make all the sacrifices of life and property necessary for the welfare of our beloved Australia and its Motherland, England." The meetings closed with the sing- ing of the National Anthem and enthusiastic cheers for King George V. and his Government. A further demonstration of loyalty was witnessed at Rosenthal on Monday, when, in the pre- sence of a considerable number of English and German residents, the Union Jack was hoisted in the village. The children from the Lutheran school were present and sang the National Anthem and other patriotic songs. As the breezes unfurled the folds of the much-loved flag, hearty cheers were given by the crowd for the King, the flag, and Australia. SCIENTISTS-AND THE WAR. In tactending a welcome to the British Scientists at the Commonwealth Club lun- cheon in the Adelaide Town Hall on Tues- day afternoon, Sir John Downer, K.C. (president of the club), said the rules of the club compelled him to make his re- marks brief, and when the gathering was arranged they did not think that on that occasion they would be dwelling on ghastly war. But it hail happened, and he firmly believed well happened. The smell of powder had been too long in the air, and a few of the projectiles of war were im- peratively needed to flash through the murk, and while destroying promiseuously both imperfections and, alas, perfections, would leave a more clarified at- mosphere. (Cheers.l But even up till then they had reason for agreeing with their Divine One that sweet were the use», of adversity, whick, like the toad, ugly and venomous, wore yet a precious jewel in his head, for though much life and treasure had been expended in that shameful war. yet it had led to an out flames of loyalty throughout the Empire such as the world had never seen. (Cheers.) Ireland, almost in rebellion a few hours ago, now enthusiastically loyal -(cheers)-Canada, with its French and English in a locked embrace in view of the common danger-(cheers)-South Africa, brought closer to them,than ever before-(cheers)-India, iS which much trouble was simmering, rushing to their i aid-icheers)-and Australia, one people , and one origin, with their brothers in Britain ,always true-(cheers-)-perhaps truer than the English people themselves - awake, and up not to do and die-for though words of cour- age, they contained despair-but to sup- port and maintain supreme the home from which they had sprung. (Cheers.) The Kaiser was reported the previ- ous day to have said, quoting Hamlet, that the issue for Germany was "to bo or not to be." The quotation was unfortunate, for, with poor Hamlet, it was "not to be"-(cheers)-but the world owed too much to Germany for it to be able to -afford to wish it "not to be," what ever might be the feeling towards the mili- tary caste which had for years forced Europe into cruel extravagance, and had comoleted their ill-doing with this awful crime. (Cheers.) They had no wish that Germany should cease to be; but, rather, looked forward to her and their own be- loved country leading onward and together in the march of love and thought, having for their bulwarks not soldiers and ships, but men such as they were welcoming. (Loud cheers.) . * Sir Edward Schäfer said the British Empire was awaking, but it ought to have awakened a little sooner, and not have let the advice of Lord Roberts go un- heeded. (Cheers.1) It occurred to him that whatever people might say about the Kaiser, from many points of view they had a great admiration for him, and they could not help admiring the -way in whicn he was knitting the British Empire to gcther. (Laughter and cheers.) AUSTRALIA'S FORCE FOR ABROAD. WHAT A L.-H. BRIGADE AND DIVISION CONSISTS OF. When asked on Tuesday afternoon for further details of the Commonwealth's expeditionary force of 20,000 men, the military headquarters at Keswick stated that a Light Horse brigade con- sisted of three Light Horse regiments, one field battery, and signal troop, one Light Horse brigade train, and one Light Horse field ambulance. The force will also in- clude a division, which is made up of three infantry brigades (twelve battalions), three field artillery brigades (nine bat- teries), one divisional ammunition column, two field companies of Engineers, one divi- sional signal company, one divisional train (A S C Company), and three field ambu- lances. VOLUNTEERS FOR THE FRONT. GOVERNMENT WILL GRANT LEAVE. The Hon. A. W. Styles asked the Chief Secretary in the Legislative Council on Tuesday whether it was the intention of the Government to grant leave of absence to Government servants who volunteered to go to the front, and, if so, would it be with or without pay from the depart- ment they had been engaged in? The Chief Secretary (Hon. J. G. Bice) said the Government would meet the Civil servants in the matter of granting leave of absence. In regard to the question of pay, he asked Mr. Styles to give notice. STILL THEY COME. Throughout Tuesday volunteers for ser- vice abroad personally applied in great numbers at Keswick military headquarters, and a further big batch of correspondence containing applications for enrolment was received. WHERE WILL THE CAMP BE? COMMANDANT INSPECTS SITES. On Tuesday afternoon the Military Com- mandant (Colonel Irving) motored round Adelaide for the purpose of inspecting suggested sites for the camping of the ex- peditionary forces, but he has not yet made any definite selection. The date upon which the men will go under canvas has not been fixed. RED CROSS SOCIETY. Attention has been drawn lately to the work of the Red Cross Society, and Lady Helen Munro Ferguson is anxious that branches should be formed in the various States of the Commonwealth. Lady Galway and the Mayoress of Adelaide have MAJOR C. H. BRAND, Who has been appointed to an important command in the Australian expeditionary force which is now being fitted out. moved in the matter, and, as will be seen in our advertisement columns, a public meeting is to be held at the Banqueting room, Town Hall, on Friday, August 14. It is hoped there will be a large and repre- sentative gathering to hear the address of Lady Galway. In consideration of the im- portance of this meeting, the South Aus- tralian Council of Women, which was to have met on the same day and at the same time for a similar purpose, will postpone its own meeting and co-operate with the Red Cross Society. A PIANO FOR SOLDIERS. Messrs. Allan's. Limited, have granted the loan of a piano to be used in the work of the Y.M.C.A. at the military camp at Largs. This kindness is greatly appre- ciated by the men, who after the day's duty will be glad of the enjoyment afforded by its use. Several of the men in camp are first class pianists and will give the in- strument plenty of attention. ALBERTON BAPTIST LOYALTY. On Sunday, at both services held in the Alberton Baptist Church, the Rev. L.M. Murphy submitted the following resolu- tion to the congregation, who declared their unanimous agreement with it by rising in the pews. "Believing as we do that the British nation is chosen of God to be the leader of righteousness and truth among the nations of the world, we rejoice and thank God for the re- markable tokens of the solidarity of our Empire, and pray, that Gods blessing may continue upon her in this hour of conflict, while she insists upon the recog- nition of the laws of righteousness and truth." MANUFACTURERS AND FOOD PRICES. At a meeting of the council of the South Australian Chamber of Manufacturers on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. C. Allen moved "That this chamber, representing the manufacturers of the State, while deploring the necessity of war, have the utmost con- fidence in Great Britain's advisers, and consider that the Empire's action is justi- fiable in the interests of justice and right. The members of this chamber are prepared to share in any necessary sacrifice in pro- tecting and maintaining the freedom and liberties of its people and the stability of the Empire; and, further, offer to co- operate with the Government in prevent- ing any unnecessary inflation of prices of goods for the people. The members also pledge themselves to do their utmost to keep their hands employed, and so mini- mise the suffering that may be caused by unemployment." He said that the most vivid imagination failed to conceive the terrors, miseries, and horrors of war. With the devastation of territory and homes there must be suffering. In this instance, however, Great Britain, in taking an ac- tive part in the conflict was only doing what was right in the eyes of the world. While the individual was prepared to sacri- fice his life, and the motion was asking very little indeed in the way of sacrifice on the part of manufacturers of South Australia to maintain the heritage which, in the past, had been bought dearly, he would go further and ask that where there was a possibility of the poorer people hav- ing to suffer, the manufacturers would not endeavor to enrich themselves by increas- ing the price of goods which they had to sell. They were all patriots in that matter, and he believed he was voicing the senti- ments of everyone when he said that they would not endeavor to benefit themselves at the cost of the people. The motion also asked a further sacrifice, that in the troublous times ahead, when many men were likely to be thrown out of work, they would not discharge their men, but would keep them employed as long as was possible. (Applause.) They were British. Their great nation was at war, and they were endeavoring to uphold the great tra- ditions by doing everything possible to as- sist the people. It was with confidence that he submitted the motion. Mr. O. Seppelt said all of them were bound to feel the effects of the present war. He could not help regretting that the mines at Broken Hill and the works at Port Pirie had felt the necessity of clos- ing down, and that some scheme was not evolved whereby the men engaged there could be kept in employment on some sys- tem of deferred payments. It was also a matter of regret that in the past they had placed their orders so largely with foreign manufacturers. The answer was now coming back to them very strongly. Many of the commodities now imported could have been manufactured in South Australia. The patriotic sentiment towards their manufactures could be enhanced by starting more factories in this country. (Applause.) The motion was carried. ARRIVAL OF THE SHROPSHIRE. STEAMING WITH LIGHTS OUT. The Federal Shire liner Shropshire ar- rived from Liverpool on Tuesday morn- ing. News of the war was given to the commander (Captain Hayward) by wire- less on Thursday last, and since then she had steamed at night with all lights out. Naturally there was a little ex- citement among the passengers, and there was general relief when the gulf was reached. Prior to the outbreak of war the Shropshire was in wireless com- munication with several German mer- chantmen, and since, her operator has heard German ships conversing. THE PIRIE-STREET MIDDAY SERVICES. At the meeting of the Methodist Con- ference executive, held on Friday last, the Rev. H. Howard was heartily thanked for I Iii." -iction in opening the Piric-slrcet Church each day and conducting services, whick were described as "'timely and help- ful.'' The following resolution was passed with much enthusiasm:-"That this meet- ing places on record its high appreciation of the wise, brave, and powerful midday addresses, which the Rev. Henry Howard bas delivered in the Pirie-strect Church during this week on the great .crisis which is now filling the hearts -of millions of people with anxiety and sorrow." In response to a widespread desire, Mr. Howard, has announced that he will con- tinue those midday services every Wed- nesday at 1.15 until further notice. TO BE BRIGADE MAJOR. On Tuesday evening the military head- quarters at Keswick stated that the ap- pointment assigned to Major Brand in con- nection with che expeditionary forces was . xhat of brigade major of the 3rd Infantry I Brigade. GRAND THEATRE PERFORMANCE. ! MR. B. J. FULLER'S OFFER. Mr. I}. J. Fuller, the governing director or the FuIIei-Brennan Vaudeville Circuit of Austialasia, with characteristic generosity, has intimated to his managers in all the | States his intention to hold a grand matinee performance in all of his theatres throughout the Commonwealth and New Zealand, and to devote the proceeds to the war fimd. As the Fuller-Brennan circuit extends to every large town in Australia it is anticipated that the receipts will con- siderably swell the fund that has beeo. started to help those who suffer as the re- sult of the war. CONCERT BY" HEINICKE'S I ORCHESTRA. In order to swell the fund opened for the relief of sufferers by the war, Heinicke's Orchestra have arranged to give a concert on Saturday evening in the Exhibition Building. The proceeds are to be devoted to the relief of distress occa- sioned by the European conflict. A METHODIST PRAYER. The President of the Methodist Confer I euee (.Rev. George Hall), preaching at Payneham on Sunday morning last, made the - following state- ment:-The executive committee of our church calls upon us in this, time of Euro- pean conflict to pray, both'in public and private, for tlie intervention of Almighty God, and for the early ending of this war. We echo the hope expressed yesterday by Sir Oliver Lodge, the president of the Bris tish Association for the Advancement of Science, "That this may be the last war that will ever be known among«; highly civilised nations." We shall all feel the effects of war, and in many ways, even at this most distant point from its operations. Some of you may be called upon to part for a time with your loved ones, who may be sent to protect our Indian possessions, if not, indeed, to the seat of war in Europe. We shall all feel it in the dislocation of our commercial life. In this wo shall be called upon to exercisemuc-h self-sacrifice and self- re»lraiiit. \ otu- Church a=ka you who are employers of labor Io terrain as far as and as long as possible from discharging your assistants, and'thus leseen the number of the unemployed, even if such a course should mean personal loss to yon: to exercise self-restraint and manifest tlie best feeling towards those of our fellow-colonists who belong to the nations which for a time are in conflict with our own. In this we shall test our ¡rood tense, and piove the control of our passions. When I remember the good nature pf the crowd which gathered on the banks of tlie Torrens yesterday, and when 1 saw that the German citizens, on whom the Adelaide University conferred1 de- grees yesterday in connection with the lisit of the British Science Association, were received with^ special. members of that University and the dis tinimit-hcd assembly. I felt sure that the pcplo of tin's !;tate generally would do net lung that would make the position of en numerous and worthy Gemían fellow colonist«-, more difficult than it io at pie ssut. We must do' unto others as we would that they e»hould do unto us if we were in similar circumstances, not as we might be treated if we were in Berlin \ at this time, but as we should wish to be treated if we were there. As General Sherman long ago said, "'War is hell." What, then, oi war to-day, with its fearfully destructive implement», both on land and sea, and in the air? We shall, most of us. deeply deplore the fact that after ali these centuries of Christian teach- ing and so-called high civilisation, it should be necessary to resort to arms. 3-et we must admit that under certain circum fitanees war is justifiable-if a police force is permissible; if the resistance of bur- glary is justifiable; if to protect our women from the insults of brutal civil men is justifiable-then the protection of our liber- ties and the defence of our bornes and properties against the advance of another nation, may be justifiable, however we may deplore its necessity. There arc evils, which are greater than those of war. We must be free or die. who speak the tonçue that Shakespeare spoke: The faith and morals hold, that Milton held. , . We shall not here seek to apportion blame, but again urge that you wno arc men of God shall pray for a speedy termi- nation of the conflict, and that (Jod will make the wrath of man to praise Him. Meanwhile let us do our duty, be patient, be kind to the suffering, "Have faith in God," the God who is above all kings and Parliaments, and who can control the des- tinies of all, and so bring great and last- ing good out of present evil. ITALY AND THE TRIPLE ALLIANCE. Mr. C. Milazzo, Inspector of Fisheries, who resides at Thebarton, when approached on the question of the part Italy should play in the present European trouble, said:-"The policy of Italy in the present European war is strictly in accordance with the terms of alliance with Austria and Germany. The alliance was formed in 1882 for purely defensive purposes, as expressed in the official reading, jointly to resist attack upon the territory of any of them. In the present struggle, if any nation had first attacked Austria or Germany, Italy would have been compelled by the treaty to go to war. On the con- trary, Austria attacked Servia and Ger- many declared war against Russia and France; consequently Italy is absolutely free to follow whatever policy she con- siders best for her interest. In 1885 the Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs de- clared in the Chamber of Deputies that the Triple Alliance left Italy full liberty of action, as the treaty of alliance with Aus- tria and Germany did not protest Italian interests. In the same year, when Europe was bitter against England on the Egyptian question, at the second conference of the Great Powers, Italy supported England against Austria and Germany. In 1887 the Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs in- formed the foreign Powers that Italy had a naval agreement with England for com- mon action in the Mediterranean in case of war. In 1888 the Italian patriot, Crispi, refused to enter the Italian Cabinet until the Italian Prime Minister officially stated that the Triple Alliance had no provisions for offensive warfare, but was simply defensive. In 1891 the Italian Pre- mier. Dr. Rudini, had a diplo- matic interview at Monza with the Russian Minister. Count De Giers and Russia was apprised of the entirely de- fensive-nature of the Italian engagements under the Triple Alliance. For the last 10 years the alliance between Italy, Aus- tria, and Germany has been the puzzle of Europe, well knowing how often Austria and Italy have been on the verge of war." INTER-STATE LACROSSE MATCHES ABANDONED. The committee of the South Australian Lacrosse Association, at their meeting held on Monday evening, decided after careful consideration that in view of the grave crisis in Europe and its attendant effect upon commercial and social conditions in Australia generally, the pre«,-ent was 0 de- cidedly inopportune time to proceed w111" the arrangements to send eWuT the South. Australian -inter-State team or the juwr team to Melbourne this year for their maitches against Victoria. The secretary has consequently telegraphed the Victo- rian Lacrosse Association that nj team wil" go away this season, and_aü amusements at both places are therefore being can- celled. NESTLE AND ANGLO-SWISS MILK COMPANY. The Nestle and Anglo-Swiss Condensed Milk Company "have notiüed their staff that .if any members are called out for active service, the appointments they- hold will De kept open for them. Full pay, less the amount received from the Government, will also 'be allowed. Any members of the staff volunteering for service who are mt already members of the defence force will not receive pay from the company, but tueir appointments will be kept open for them on their return to business. A POLITICAL TRUCE. MR. HUGHES FAVORS IT. SAYS PARLIAMENT SHOULD MEET. Melbourne, August 10. Although suffering from fractured ribs, the result of an accident in Sydney on Sunday, Mr. W. M. Hughes came to Mel- bourne to-day to confer with Mr. Fisher and the Federal Government on matters concerning the present crisis. Mr. Hughes is firmly of the opinion that a political truce should be called, so that Parliament might be assembled immediately Through his leader he has assured the Prime Min- ister that the Opposition is prepared to sink party strife and stand loyally behind the Government, but he fails to see how this can be done if the elections are to be proceeded with. "I have read," said Mr. Hughes in an interview to-day, "the statement of Sir William Irvine dealing with the present crisis in relation to the elections, made at the request and with the authority of the Prime Minister. Mr. Fisher has asked me to reply to it. I confess at once to a feeling of disappointment at the tone of Sir William Irvine's statement. He does not seem to be able to appreciate the posi- tion. He talks about precedent, and what happened in 1912. What on earth have we to do with precedents in a time like this? This is a war which involves our very ex- istence, and that of the Empire. For a time party has ceased to exist. With al- most miraculous celerity the din of party strife has died down, the warring factions have joined hands, and the gravest crisis in our history is faced by a united people. On all hands it is agreed that there is no room for party feeling now, but Sir Wil- liam Irvine does not seem to see this. He says the elections must go on. He says, and so does Mr. Cook, that there are in- superable constitutional objections to a political truce. The fate of civilisation trembles in the balance, and Sir William Irvine talks of insuperable constitutional difficulties. He talks like a lawyer seeking to obtain a decision on a technical point in a peaceful court of law rather than a statesman confronted with war. He deli- berately allowed an opportunity to slip when there were no constitutional ob- stacles to meet. What Sir William Irvine calls 'insuperable obstacles' are but cob- webs to be brushed aside by one strong hand. I say unhesitatingly that insuper- able obstacles do not exist. The obstacles are not insuperable, and for the Bri- tish Parliament to remove them would not be almost impossible. On the contrary, in the present temper of the British Par- liament all that need be done could be done inside twelve hours, and done con- stitutionally, for there are no parties in the British Parliament now. But it is plain that Sir William Irvine does not want a Parliament, does not think it ne- cessary. On the contrary, he thinks it would hamper the Government. According to him Parliament is not only super- fluous at this greatest crisis in our history, but it is dangerous and it is clear also that he does not want the advice and assistance of the Opposition. Mr. Cook and Sir William Irvine want neither a Parliament nor the aid of the leaders of the Opposition, except, perhaps as far as to ratify that which has been done and arrange for a further grant of Supply without calling Parliament to- gether. That is the attitude of the Cook Government. Contrast it with the Em- pire generally. How incredibly petty it seems. Look at Great Britain to-day. There is a spectacle to stir men's hearts. Here is the Government of England, with the fate not of an outpost on their shoul- ders, but of the whole Empire calling to their assistance the leaders of the Opposi- tion, admitting them to their conferences, receiving their counsel, and acting in unison with them. This war has healed all breaches, bridged all chasms: nay, it has wrought a miracle. The most wonderful, the most stirring, sight of all is that of Ireland, of Mr. Red- mond and Sir Edward Carson but yester- day at each other's throats, to- day stand- ing hand in hand together and behind the Government. In every part of the Com- monwealth the same spirit is manifested, but Mr. Cook wants neither the co- opera- tion of the Opposition leaders nor the backing of a united Parliament. Sir Wil- liam Irvine says Parliament would be a hindrance. The Ministers have not time for Parliament, yet the Government of Great Britain, upon whose shoulders rest a thousand times more responsibility, have plenty of time for Parliament and find it united and at their backs, and they eagerly seek the assistance of all par- ties". Mr. Cook says the elections must go on, that he would be glad if it were otherwise. It rests with him to alter it. He says he has seen no sign of a party truce, that Mr. Hughes is still electioneer- ing. Ever since the first shadow of war fell over us I have absolutely refrained from electioneering. I have not addressed one meeting nor said one word of criticism of the Government. Mr. Cook says he wishes to consult us. Yet he has hitherto studiously refrained from doing so. He is going to consult us, but the elections must go on. But how can they go upon such a basis? What are the issues to be placed before the people? For the time being there is but one issue-the war-but upon this we are united, we cannot criti- cise. What then remains? How can both parties show a united front? How can Mr. Cook consult us and we co-operate with him, and at the same time go on with party warfare? We cannot have party warfare and united action. We cannot go upon the platform and denounce the Government, and at the same time work with the Government. The choice lies between party and the welfare of the na- tion. It rests with Mr. Cook to make the choice. He says party strife must con- tinue. Throughout the Empire his is the only voice that says so." MR. FISHER AND MR. COOK. Melbourne, August 10. Mr. A. Fisher, leader of the Federal Op- position, reached Melbourne to day to at- tend, at the invitation of the Prime Minis- ter, a conference which begins to- morrow, between the Commonwealth Government and Premiers of the various States. Re- ferring to the conference this afternoon, Mr. Fisher said he did not know of the arrangements made. "I was told." he said, "that when I am required I will be tele- phoned for. That is all I know of the arrangements. On Monday night, August 3, Mr. Cook communicated with me regard- ing certain actions the Government pro- posed to take. I replied that the Opposi- tion would stand behind the Government in all measures thought necessary to adopt to assist the mother country and protect Australian interests. The next communi- cation I received was "that war bad broken out." I repeated my assurances on behalf of the Opposition. On Friday afternoon I received an invitation to meet the Prime Minister with a colleague in Melbourne, to confer with him and the Premiers on na- tional matters. I immediately replied in the same terms as before, and added that Mr. Cook was reported to have said that if I had been in Melbourne he would pre- viously have consulted with me. As a matter of fact, I was in Melbourne part of Sat- urday afternoon, August 1, all day on the Sunday following, and until 4 p.m. of the Monday, and was also available at all hours by telephone. My assurances of as- sistance were so persistent as to amount even to be 'effusive and unbecoming ' a term used by the Attorney- General in re- ferring to my actions. I am at the call of the Government whenever they require my assistance." LOYAL CIVIL SERVANTS. The president of the Public Service As- sociation of Sonth Australia (Mr. A. W. Pettit) has forwarded the following com- munication to the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. G. Bice):-"I am instructed by the council of the Public Service Association to assure you of the whole-hearted loyalty of the public service to the Government in the present crisis. Whilst recognising that the older members of the service will not be required for military duties just now, we hasten to say that, should the service be depleted of the younger mem- bers, we will cheerfully perform such ad- ditional work as will be entailed without increased cost to the Government." A reply has been sent to this communica- tion to the effect that the offer is very much appreciated by the Government. A MESSAGE TO THE GOVERNOR GENERAL. EUDUNDA. August 10.-The following telegram was forwarded by Lutherans re- sident here to the Governor-General of Australia:-"Whereas war had been de- clared with Germany by Great Britain, as president of the Evangelical Lutheran Synod in Australia, Incorporated, compris- ing the congregations in South Australia, Victoria, Western Australia, Queensland, and New South Wales, I beg to assure your Excellency of the true loyalty of all the members of our church. . Although we deeply deplore that Great Britain has been involved in the European conflict, and has been compelled to declare war against Ger- many, the land of our fathers, we are well aware of our duty as British subjects, and shall always be willing to defend the honor of our beloved King, and of our dear country with goods and chattels, and body and life. Your Excellency's obedient ser- vant (signed) Th. Nickel, Lutheran minis- ter." The following reply has been re- ceived by Pastor Nickel:-"Deeply gratified and touched by your message of loyal de- votion to King and country in the hour of trial, which finds you standing in his Majesty's words, united, calm, resolute, trusting in God. (Signed) E. M. Fergu- son, Governor-General." MANUFACTURERS AND THE RELIEF FUND. Mr. Arthur Hill (vice-president) occupied the chair at the meeting of the council of the South Australian Chamber of Manu- factures on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. J. W. McGregor said they were pass- ing through a time of national stress, and at an informal meeting of vice-presidents of the chamber on the previous day the question of starting a relief fund was dis- cussed, but it was considered that it would be better to co-operate with the mayor's fund than to start a smaller fund. He felt sure the council would do everything possible to assist in the distress which was sure to be the aftermath of the war. He moved-"That this council offer to the general committee, of the patriotic fund about to be established by the Mayor of Adelaide the honorary services of our sec- retary and the use of our offices, free of cost, for the purposes of the fund." Mr. E. C. Vardon seconded the motion and said they should do all they could in the mat- ter. He believed the offer would be ap- preciated. The motion was carried. ENTHUSIASM IN THE COUNTRY. Port Wakefield, August 10. , Great excitement prevails here regarding the European situation. "The Advertiser" is rushed on arrival of the trains. Crowds parade the streets nightly, headed by the brass band, and cheer the British flag. At the church services last evening special references were made to the war, and at the close the congregations sang the Na- tional Anthem. Angaston, August 10. The cadets, under the command of Lieu- tenant George Hayes, marched down the main street on Saturday evening. They were led by the Angaston Town Brass Band, which played popular airs. The streets were lined with patriotic spectators. At all the churches on Sunday special re- ference was made to the war, and special prayers were offered for peace. Eudunda, August 10. On Sunday a special service was held in the Emmans-Eudunda Evangelical Luth- eran Church, about 350 people being pre- sent. Pastor T. Nickel preached an elo- quent and inspiring sermon. Reference was made to the European war, in which his congregation, as British subjects, had become involved. The preacher reminded his hearers that, as Christians and subjects of Great Britain, they should not forget their oath of loyalty to King and country. At the conclusion of the services the pas- tor addressed his congregation, and asked them to remain calm, especially those who still had ties in the fatherland, and not give anyone cause to think that the na- turalised German population were anything but loyal to King and country. The ser- vice was concluded by the whole congre- gation rising and singing the National An- them. RALLYING ROUND THE FLAG AUSTRALIAN EXPEDI- TIONARY FORCE. COMPOSITION COMPLETED. Melbourne. August 11. The Minister of Defence (Mr. Millen) completed just before midnight the compo- sition of the expeditionary force of 20,000 men offered to and accepted by the British Government. The force will be composed of one Light Horse Brigade and one Division. The for- mer will be of the establishment set forth in the Australian war establishment, 1912, and the division will comprise the units laid down in British war establishments, 1914, but with field artillery brigades only. The establishments of units, however, will be that detailed in Australian war estab- lishments, 1912. Commandants will imme- diately publish the fact that volunteers are required, and take steps to enrol the names of officers and other ranks of all arms will- ing to volunteer. The troops will be raised on a territorial basis, in order to associate definite areas and the military units now existing in such areas, with the several battalions, squadrons, batteries, &c.; In this way each unit will represent a State, and a district locality, and the troops in that locality. Officers and men will then bring with them, representative as they will be of definite districts and of troops be- longing to such districts, all the cohesion, feeling of comradeship, and local associa- tion, which are such valuable rlements in promoting the highest standard of disci- pline in the field and of gallantry before the enemy. If possible, at least one half of the rank and file should be men now in their 20th year or upwards, who are serving, with the colors, and the remainder should be trained men specially enlisted who have served in the military in the force or have war ser- vice. Preference will be given to men who have served within the last five years. Officers and men of Light Horse units should be informed that if in possession of suitable horses these should be made avail- able. Horses of the requisite standard and passed by the staff officer for veteri- nary services will be purchased on the valuation of an approved board. The as- sistance and hearty co-operation of com- manding officers should be obtained in se- curing volunteers in order that a definite connection may be established between their unit and those of the expeditionary force. Single men will be preferred. The period of service will be for the duration of the war, and a further period of four months thereafter, or until lawfully dis- charged from such service. The rates of pay will be for private 5/- per diem while within Australia, and 6/- per -day when abroad, with rations in,each case. Of the above pay 1/- will be held as deferred pay in each case. Officers no- minated to command infantry brigades will, upon appointment, proceed to the respective military districts and assist the commandants in the organisation and training of their units. Light Horse and Infantry Brigade commanders will nomi- nate their own staff and regimental and battalion commanders will, in their turn, nominate their own staffs and subordi- nate commanders. The nomination will be submitted through the district com- mander to the central headquarters. For other arms and departments commandants will submit the names of officers volun- teering, together with their recommenda- tions as to appointment. A proportion of the cadets from the first class at Dun- troon will be allotted to the units sub- sequently. The names of warrant and non-commissioned officers of the per- manent forces who volunteer will be telegraphed daily to the central head- quarters. Commandants will submit in writing their recommendations or opinion as to the fitness of individuals. Warrant and non-commissioned officers of the instructional staff will be allotted to units on the following basis:-Infantry battalions and light horse regiments, each one regimental sergeant-major, one regimental quartermaster- sergeant, one sergeant. Machine gun section-One ser- geant signalling section. Other units- One permanent warrant or non-commis- sioned officer will be allotted to each other unit. Field Artillery-One battery sergeant-major for battery. Commandants will forthwith select and prepare places of concentration con- venient probable places of embarkation when orders are issued for the assembly and attestation of quotas. Commandants , will be responsible for these arrangements, and for the command and administration of troops when concentrated. Forms of attestation and instructions regarding re- cord will be issued subsequently. In- structions regarding the equipment of quotas will be given later. The Minister desires to draw attention to the fact that under the Electoral Act members of the expeditionary forces can vote as absent voters any time before they leave. MILLOWNERS REDUCE PRICE. .Melbourne, August 11. The executive committee of the Victo- rian Millowners' Association at a ' meet« ing yesterday decided to reduce the quo- tation for flour by 5/ per ton. This con- cession make the official minimum rate £1) ñ/ per ton at 2,000 lb. for bakers' lota delivered. At the same meeting the price of bran was advanced 5/ per ton to £8 5/, and the rate for pollard was raised in equal amount to £6 10/ pro ton. MINES CLOSED DOWN,/ Melbourne, August 11. - The Hampden, the Duchess, and otheB mines of the Hampden Cloncurry Coopee Company, together with the smelting plants, have been closed down,, pending arrangements being made which will enable the board to finance production while the output is stacked awaiting shipment to the' refineries and sale. The Broken Hill Proprietary Company, has received a private cablegram 'to the effect that recent London pnces for lead ianged between £21 10/ and £23 10/ pei ton, while standard silver was quoted at 2'3 per oz. FRENCHMEN LEAVING FOR THE FRONT. PARDON FOR DESERTERS. Melbourne. August 11. M. Homery, the French Consul in Mel- bourne, stated yesterday that several French residents of Victoria are leaving Melbourne at their own expense for the front. Notice has been given to all French residents in Victoria liable to military service, and who have not yet reported themselves at the Consulate, to report without delay. Should they leave wives and children behind they are noti- fied that the latter will be provided for by the French Consulate till the end of the war. Deserters desiring to serve will be repatriated in the same way and par- doned. MELBOURNE SUBSCRIP TIONS. Melbourne, August 11. At the quarterly meeting of the Mel- bourne City Council yesterday £1,000 was voted towards the Australian Patriotic Fund. Councillor Allen suggested that the sum should be £2,000, but the Lord Mayor said additional money could be passed from time to time. When the mo- tion allocating the vote was carried, coun- cillors rose, cheered, and sang the National Anthem. The Melbourne subscriptions total £3,239. 