IMMIGRATION. A WORLD VIEW. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT. The magnitude of the migration from the countries of the old world to those of the new requires to be either witnessed or studied in order to be fully realised. Across Europe marches every year a mighty army of between 1,500,000 and 2,000,000 of people. They come from the cold north, from the sunny south, and from the thickly populated central and eastern lands of the Continent. They be long to The legion that never was listed, with no leaders at their head, and no ap parent organisation. But they are all in tent on one object — animated with a single purpose — to get away from countries in "which tho economic pressure or the politi cal tyranny has become unendurable, to those newer lands where wider opportunity and a new freedom await them. Never in the world's history has there been such a vast and such a continuous movement, or one which is producing such tremendous social and economic elfects both in the countries from which these people come and those to which they go. The Govern ments of the countries w"hich form the sources of supply 'are placing restrictions upon emigration, as they realise how their military nlvength or their industrial efii- ciency is being sapped or impaired, while the Governments of the newer lands which receive the vast inrush find that in discriminate immigration raises serious so cial, industrial, moral and sanitary problems which demand stringent regulation. The main fact, however, is that millions of people at escaping from harsh and harass ing conditions to a new and favorable en vironment, and a brighter and freer civi lisation. COUNTRIES OF DESTINATION. Ever since the Pilgrim Fathers landed in America that country has been the new Canaan wnich promised the oppressed and down- trodden freedom and happiness, the Eldorado which held out the lure of wealth and prosperity to the hungry and the poor, the land of opportunity to the young and adventurous who had no scope at home. It is true that only during the last century — and more especially in the latter half of it, did the 6mali stream which first set in from Great Britain reach tho proportions »f the great tide which is now flowing. In 1700 the population of the United States was less than 4,000,000 — that is, it contained fewer people than Australia does to-day; a hundred years later it had reached a total of over 02,000,000, and at (the present time it has a population just verging on 100,000,000. Up to 1820, when the white population of the States was less than 8,000,000, the total number of immi grants who had arrived since the founda tion of the white settlement was estimated at 250,000. But from 1820 to the end of 1913 the foreign arrivals in tho United States have aggregated over 30,000,000— a figure which shows how large a proportion of the population of the great Republic of tho West is due to immigration. Develop ment of the country's natural resources and the general prosperity of its people have kept pace with this vast influx, in fact have been mainly produced by it. Despite this continuous addition to the ranks of the workers, the wages paid in American industries are the highest in the world, while in the countries from which these myriads come the wages are the low est. In fact it is found that where the workers are leaving owing to economic pressure, the conditions, instead of improv ing for those that are left behind, get continuously worse. Agriculture and other industries languish through want cf labor until, like some of the provinces of South ern Italy, the land becomes practically de populated. The Government then either makes a futile endeavor to check the drain by passing restrictive emigration laws, or is compelled to take measures to improve the conditions and enlarge the opportuni ties for the worker, which is much the mora practical and effective course. Within recent years Canada has come prominently into rivalry with the United States as the land of promise for the immigrant. Ten years ago the Tate of im migration was about 100,000 a year. Dur ing the la6t four years it has averaged over 300,000 per annum, or albout one-third of the immigration to the States. With a population of 7,500,000, and a land area of 3,000,000 square miles, Canada has only about two people to the square mile, and thus has ample scope and verge enough for a population approximating that of the United States, which is settled at the ratio of nearly 30 to the square mile. The increased influx into Canada is due to the opening up of the wheat lands of the west and north-west, coupled with the exten sive publicity propaganda carried on by ithe railway companies and the Govern ment, an.d the co-incidental exhaustion of the supply of free land in the States. Fully half the total migration to Canada consists of American settlers from over the border in quest of the cheaper farm lande of the Dominion. The emigration to Australia, compared with that of the United Stales and Canada, is but as a drop -in the bucket. Recruit ing operations have 60 far been al most exclusively confined to the United Kingdom, and it is reassuring to find that within the last few years an increasing proportion of the emigration from Great Britain is coming in this direction. In 1910 the number of British born emigrants who made Australia their destination was 45,000; in 1911 it increased to 80,770, and in 1912 there was a further increase to 96,815. Many of these people are, of course, not assisted by the Government, as a con siderable number pay their own fares, and comprise some of the best, 'but not infre quently some of the least desirable, of tile new arrivals. Those who belong to the latter category usually stay about the citir8, pose as deluded immigrants, and furnish most of the harrowing tales so in dustriously circulated by opponents of the Government immigration policy. When it is realised that Australia has an area almost exactly equal to that of Hie United States, but that its population totals only about 4,500,000, as compared with the 100,000,000 of American citizens; that even Victoria, the most thickly settled portion of the Commonwealth, has a population of little over 1,500,000. while Great Britain, with the same area, and no greater natural resources,, sustains a population of 40,000,000; that Australia is the most sparsely populated portion of the habitable globe— when these facts are realised the scope and need for immigration become self-evident. The greater the number of people who settle in a new country posses sing latent natural resources, the greater will become the absorptive power of that country. The extraordinary progress and prosperity of Canada at the present time is due to the large influx of population and. capital. The same results would fob Jow in Australia if its Governments more generally adopted the example of Canada, which carries on a spirited and continuous immigration policy, in which neither ex- TW n'r U 6pared w set people, fcffiw in'fi o te greater financial eta- muty in a more thickly settled Stato nng ha\e in the past diverted the flow of 1m- migration from our shores. To the emigrant himself the country of destination ,s a supreme consideration its laws, institutions, the character of the native population are matters of great in terest. Of more vital importance to th< majority of the vast migrating army ar< the opportunities which the now comitr affords to improve his material condition But to the new lands in which the emi grant is casting his lot, to the younge communities whom he is joining in th ( / work of building up a nation and of mould ing a civilisation, the physical condition and moral character of the emigrant; his education, social habits and general fitness as the stock of a new generation, become matters of great national concern. The first settlers on American soil were l'uri- tans, who sought in the untrodden spaces of the new world the religious freedom denied them in their homeland. The spirit of that Puritan stock still exercises a domi nating influence upon the national life of the Republic, is still discernible in its literature, and shows' itself even in its politics, where the Puritan ideal still guides the people in its choice of the man who, as president, shall rule the destinies of the Republic. In 1890, when the population of the United States had reached a total of over 02,000,000, it was reckoned that about 7,000,000 of its population was foreign born. One-third of that number came from ill? United Kingdom, the majority then being from Ireland; 30 per cent, came from Germany, and about 10 per cent, from Scandinavia — all nationalities of a virile stock, and fitted to uphold a high stand ard of national life. Since then there lias been a change in the source of supply, and during the past twenty years the bulk of tile immigrants arriving have come from Austria-Hungary, Italy and Russia, with a slight infusion of colored races from the East. The arrivals from these countries contained a much larger number of undesir ables than those from northern Europe, and in the interests of the national welfare the Government found it necessary to en force discriminating restrictions. -4s the result of a vigorous administration of the law against undesirable aliens there was in 1904 a decrease of some 50,000 in the immigration returns, as compared with the previous year. It was significant that the decrease was most marked in the numbers coming from Austria-Hungary, .Italy and Russia. Simultaneously there was a not able increase in the numbers arriving from these countries in England, where at that date there was no restriction whatever upon immigration. Numerous as were the deportations from the United States, the rejections at the ports of embarkation were far greater. The fact that undesirables were liable to rejection at the American seaports stimulated a keen vigilance on the part of the transportation companies. At Naples in a single year 10,000 applicants for passages to the United States were re jected by the steamship companies owing to the evident inability of the would-be immigrants to come up to the require ments of the American law. It is much better, of course, to exercise the discrimi nation at the source, as is done by the Australian governments, than at the port of debarkation; but America gathers its immigrants from such a wide field that direct government supervision at the re cruiting centres is practically impossible. The supervision of the skipping companies, however, achieves the same end, and the deportations have now become compara tively few. It was found that the rejects were being dumped in England as the easiest way in which to get rid of them, and so the slow-moving British Legisla ture was compelled at last to pass a law enforcing "restrictions against the worst types of undesirables. Taking 1910 as a typical year of immigra tion returns to the United States, we find that out of a total of over 1,000,000 arrivals 98,000 came from Great Britain, 31,000 from Germany, 48,000 from Sweden, Norway and Denmark, 258,000 from Austria-Hungary, 215,000 from Ita'ly and 180,000 from Russia. Similarly, taking 1911-12 as a typical year of immigration returns to Canada, we find that out of 351,237 arrivals, while 133,710 came from the United States, 96,800 came from England and Wales, 8327 from Ire land, 32,93S from Scotland, 21,651 from Aus tria-Hungary, 4004 from Germany, 4086 from Scandinavia, 3695 from France and Belgium, 7590 from Italy, 11,451 from Rus sia and Finland. Among the remainder were 5322 Hebrews. It will thus be seen, although Canada gathers from a wide field, its dhief recruiting area, apart from the spontaneous influx from the States, is still tile motherland. That the supply of emi grants from the United Kingdom is not being exhausted, as has been recently sta ted is shown by the fact that in 1910 the number of British peoprle wfho emigrated to the United States, Canada and Australia woe 397,848, the following year the number increased to 454,527, and 1912 showed a fur ther increase to 467,762. Of this last men tioned number 117,354 went to the United States, 186,185 to British North America and 90,815 to Australia. It Ima become a sort of fashion to bowail the degeneration of the British people. It is true that chil dren bred in great cities often dhow signs of physical deterioration where the bread- winnere are so poorly paid as to find it difficult to provide proper sustenance for their families; but, despite this and other drawbacks, Great Britain is still the best recruiting ground for peopling the oversea Dominions. The people from the North- that is, from Scotland and the North of England— form the best stock, being, as a rule, more sturdy and independent than the people in the southern and south eastern counties. Hie Canadian emigration authorities, who have made a close study of the emigration problem, realise t'he tru'tlh of these observations, and not only draw the largest numbers from Great Bri tain, as already stated, but specialise in the areas mentioned as providing the best type of emigrant. For recruiting agricultural workers of the best type, physically and morally, and from the point of view of thorough train ing in tlheir work, no country in Europe affords a better field than Denmark. With a populatiou of 2,775,076, and an area of 15,5S2 square miles, it has an average of 178 people to the square mile. Agricul ture and dairying are its dhief industries, 077,808 of its people being employed in agriculture and forestry, and 13,113 in dairying, so that nearly half the population is engaged in rural pursuits. The Da nee are an exceptionally tall race, with soft- toned voices, highly educated, and more akin to the British in character and ideals than perhaps any other Continental people. It was within the borders of ancient Den mark that the Celts had their first home, and from its shores that the Angles and Saxons sailed in tho fifth centruy to the conquest of England. Emigration at pre sent is chiefly to the United States, whither some 7000 or 8000 find their way an nually. Vidtoria has established an' agency in Denmark, and a small stream of emi grants of a fine type has already been set in motion. Danish residents of Melbourne are taking a keen interest in the emigra tion of their countrymen to Victoria, and, as a result, an increased flow may be ex pected. Last year steps were taken by the emi gration authorities of the Victorian Go vernment in Loudon to secure Bottlers in the other portions of Scandinavia and in Finland, and agencies were established in convenient centres. The Norwegians are a tall, virile race, also with a kinship to the people of North Britain, which was the scene of many Viking raids They are simple, honest, straightforward, ex ceedingly democratic in their polities, well educated and intelligent. Half the popu lation, which aggregates 2,391,000, is en gaged in agriculture. The natural re sources of the country are, however, limi ted, and about 20,000 of .the people emi grate every year, chiefly to the United States. The Swedes are a superior and i good-looking race, with -a splendid national . literature and a fine record of intellectual . achievement. More than half the popula- l tion, which totals over 5,500,000, is do- i pendent ,on agriculture and its allied call- ' kpme 25,000 emigrate each year, and . find their way to the United States. The ; whole of Scandinavia would furnish eini- r grants of .the right type for Victoria, and e once a small stream was diverted, to this country it would gradually increase in volume. Finland is also a land from which de sirable emigrants may be obtained. The highly advanced standard of education in this country may be gauged by the fact that at the University of Helsingfors — a city of some 70,000 inhabitants— there are between 3000 and 4000 students (of whom one-fourth are women) in the four facul ties of law, medicine, theology and phil osophy. Education is universal. There arc a great many newspapers and scientific and literary journals. The Finns are also a very politically advanced race. The capi tal is a well-built modern city, with some of the finest examples of street architec ture to be seen in Europe. Nearly every house in it is connected with the tele phone system, which in this country has reached an extraordinary development. There is an admixture of Swedish and Rus sian in the population. The Finns proper are a strong and 'Jiardy race, with square shoulders, round faces, fair bail- and bluo eyes, clean personally and morally. The spread of education and temperance is doing away with the indulgence in strong drink, which formerly characterised them. About 80 per cent, of the inhabitants be long to the agricultural class, and conse quently possess the chief qualification which Australia requires in its immigrants. Owing to the recent repeated interferences of the Russian Government in Finnish affairs, and the attempt to Russianise this free and independent people, there is a very general feeling of unrest and dis content among the Finns. As a conse quence, they are leaving their native coun try in large numbers. The emigration, which is almost entirely to the United States, has reached a rate of 20,000 a year. The population numbejs 3,084,000. Holland is another countr- in which an attempt is to be made to recruit agricul turists for Victoria. It has a population of nearly 0,000,000, on a territory- a little more than a tqnth the size of Great Bri tain and Ireland. With 475 people to the square mile it is, after Saxony (605 to the square mile) and Belgium (558) the mo3t densely peopled country of Europe. In the provinces of North and South Holland the density reaches over 1000 to the square mile. Yet emigration from Holland at the present time is only about 5000 a year". Agriculture is the chiof pursuit of the Dutch. The characteristics of this sturdy race are sufficiently well known to need no recapitulation. They make good colon ists, as their success in the United States goos to show, and that tihey are a virile race is exemplified in the story of South Africa. The high price of land in Holland and its limited supply ,may cause the Dutch farmers to turn their attention to the at tractions which Victoria offers to the settler. While the countries of Northern Europe remain to be exploited in the interests of our emigration policy, there is no need to turn attention to these other lands from which the great exodus to the United States is taking place. The Government of Victoria has been far more particular as to the class of emigrant it will accept than either the United States or Canada. The emigration officials in London have rejected applicants for assisted passages to Victoria who had no difficulty whatever in being accepted by the American and Canadian authorities. It must be borne in mind that the immigrants of to- day are the fathers and mothers of the children of to morrow, and that tho character and des tiny of our people depend on the stock from which they spring. The sources of our immigration supply and a wise dis crimination in selecting the right types of men and women in the countries chosen a.s recruiting grounds are therefore matters of supreme importance to tho future of Vic toria and the other States of the Aus tralian Commonwealth. 