■ ^ANGLOMANIA,' : GERMANOPHOBIA, AND : NORTOMANIA •Jat>s9 Jobs, & Jolte lor "Justice." j'^cs. ;^r Ifto aU ,„■), ,-JL BI>onjTn<n« writer a eriJj « ^ M' Md «•• about Norton an/'v'0115 1"'3 Tic,rs I ^gs and imputed opHio!'' do~ I to shall Lave hij ronlv n jsk? John Kortoa, ElIC'3trcet' »»»o°°SlPOb'iA th». it is th£k of^110!'0 ^ r°« what I ]°y<d dog? and V"? a di«y d>» pitios tha oatr-'ntf/. t?? lh°Mand •Anstratia did not d! ?" E0M of your prpcioua paper Wwr n.Rd Au°e yon Tat' 0^' *£" Bince Jubilee mectin- at t?„ c"^V,Ctorin'» SaH, and at tlfo hond of a dfi ^ Micf Jastice. "r Lfred'^' ^b6 a Bcom rxf **\\. . Siphon, Pjatfona^yoo h»™ bee^d^fo/oi? ^LrA'^Sa0 to *7'™» it the time vl rt, ,70Er P°rt™t ™k'&™ °Hn *nid rM only cscawd nVt , " dniI>k, nnd eki£ of ^lr S £:rn°d\b^ tiff "OUld not put tho cnn'7 jaiT «8t Of kceni™ anA COn,,t,7 <° the | Prison for the term „? «eaturo in | 1 found you ruiltr nu i / n Jur? i roD toraven^'AlTS™-™"J"5™"'' ! royalty u.ud ftF"nst English a«»H™ etpnh™t"!,re!a,ir I, nro paid to do usoaI -Ton tios are afraid to tackle von v,""10"' they live ;n »l,.. i y0D because gi(ht throw fiTono^ It3 when £\KZAinT Phh ™ that time. Nobody wonM aru'TJn™ i~°". s?"s e-.a-s-Jaw r«Sr^S'?P never do oxeenfc h» *5 "waich yotj not 0ft?a |£tvb^firc,/c;twhic<l is : o«t nnd pe,m/n° **d bettcr look muster np cooriM t£ ** *Vou Cnn I ■ k»ri bef0?«CthT^nRt°Pan"mS't- \a-n' qrtate. m M &« Tom to a Cinder, t # JUSTICE. tiCO J;n3h«5,°„"/Car"f''y d°" I'in.-elf j„. innflrrt 7d la it both n «he ?,,,)„ i ' she for conceded nnder 'the anornXf, b° tte of " 7Y.*+,'-« m*\ a°0Wttlon3 anony-. :fs°s;te ,t° ,%d of r: -p«k 0™dth„" ^,v"7ro'» »; to compilation of mi CP "V Ssir««:-s There in only on© portion of this cow Krdly communication that calls for com* meat, and »t Is that contained in a few phraaon ehnrging me with disloyalty, with abushig royalty and its German relations, ood with running down the Germans. As for being "a dirty, disloyal doff," that nil depends up^n what is meant. Better bo a dirty, disloyul dog than a loyal cringing cur. But T'm neither frtiysieally dirty nor politically dis oral. I bath daily, and diligently soap, seruh, and drv-rub ray cuticle. I bathe and swim in the pea several times a week, and often sleep in tho water. There is loyalty and disloyalty, as there are persons, institutions, and things worthy of the fln»t, ftnd :tbors only deserving the last. It is dishonor able and degrading to be loyal to what Is unworthy,, as it is honorablo and en nobling to be loyal to what is worthy Nothing can be worthy that is not good and great and true, and "pro ocuo publico." * * * But if I nm disloyal T can be censor ed, ccn3ured, punished; but bo far neither police, politicians, nor censors have thought fit to do the one or to * uttcmpt tlbe other—of late. Oa the contrary, the civil .and military au thorities are able and willing, if called ; upon, to testify that the manner in i which "TYuth" has been conducted ftineo the outbreak of this awfuJ war has caused them less trouble and anxiety in all the Australian States in which "Truth" is published, and in Now Zealand, where it is also publish ed and widely circulated, than any other of the more perfervid "patri otic" papers, daily or weekly—some of whoso profuso protestations of loy alty have beeomo positively nauseat ing. I nover libelled the late Queen Vic toria, -although corrupt political par tisans, whom I had Jibelied, corruptly conspired to criminally prooecute me for seditiously libelling that royal old lad/i of whom I neter vrot* or ipok# I an undesorved disloyal or even disre I upcctful word. All I did was to chal lengo her parsimony and to chide her proncnesa to favor her German rela tives to tho detriment of Englishmen, and to subordinate British interests to German influences. This I did in an article which was J recognised as a thoroughly loyal and j patriotic one, which aroiif.ed much ut- ^ tcntiun, and evoked widespread up- I proval among pcoplo of oJl classes, | creeds, and shades of politic*. Of 1 course, my political persecutors failed | to get a jury to convict mj. That pur- | tic.ular nrticle is so often being recalled ' and referred to just now., that I pro- j poso to reprint and republish it in an I earlv iasuo of "Truth'' throughout the | vrholo Commonwealth of Australia, and the Dominion of New Zealand, for tho | pleasuro and profit of the younger Aus- i tralian generation, and many thousands of immigrants, born and imported cnce j tho article "rc-as first published. # « * lliuro novor abused royalty. I have criticised and condemned tho charac ters and conduct of some royalties, English and foreign. Naturally, no ono* who knew anything reliable aboui tho late Victoria, cither in her public or private capacity, could admire or even respect her as a monarch—worthy, ns she was as woman, wifo, and mother. She was a reactionary ruler, and it re quired all tho power of popular Pre miers like Palmerston and Gladstone to pot her and keep her in her proper pjaco and compel her to rule constitu tionally. ^ Moreover, iw a sovereign she was a shirkrr, and failed to carry out her part of the constitutional compact j with tho Peopln and Parliament. She drew the pay, but shirked tho -work. | ♦ * * I For full twenty-five years Queen Vie ! toria was nothing better than a morose, , money-grubbing malingerer. After the I death of her German husband, the | Prince Consort (Duke of Saxe-Coburg ; and Gotha) Victoria shut herself up from her people, and virtually abdicat ed tho functions of the Crown, devot ing her whole time acd attention to sordid scrimping, scraping, und saving. Her privato fortune was huge. Yet pho gave little or nothing away, cvon to chcrity, cxccpt to her German rela tions, • • • These German paupers swarmed in and about her Court like big, bujwring blue- bottlo blowflies in a butcher's shpp, blighting and tainting every thing they touched. "While scrimping and saving for such unpatriotic or, «t any rate, nn-Britiah purposes, she was constantly adding to her hoarded mil lions by at least htilf a million annual ly from her Civil List and ot'nor sources granted by Parliament for th<» upkeep of the royal state, and to defray the cost of discharging functions and per forming duties which she never did discharge or perform during the last twenty-fivo years of her long, and for this latter portion of it, useless life. # • # In n most unconscionable and uncon stitutional way she threw tho wholo j work and tft>st of the monorchia! func tions' upon tho late King Edward, thee Prince of Wn.les, without in any wuy indemnifying him out of her great an nual Civil List grant, ahd enormous privato fortuno. Several semi-raillion aires had bequeathed to her their pri vato fortunes, which she grabbed with both hands and gripped for herself with all tho vcnacity o? a miserable miser. What th*> amount of her for tune was daring her lifetime, or at the time of her death, th»* English people from whom it was derived wcro never told. It was supposed to havo totalled upwards of ton millions sterling. Not, u dollar did she device to tho .nation, or a copper to charity. The bulk' of this colossal fortune went to her parasitical German relations, who, thanks to her patronago and protection, had beep, fattening and battening on tho British taxpayers as pensioners or rinccurists, as many of them aro doing down to tho present day. As for my running down the Ger mans, and libelling the rulers of Eng land oa Germans, I'vo never dono cither the one or tho other, as neither would bo pleasant or profitable. It is true that I have never been reconciled to the idea thnt England phould have to import Dutchmen and Germans to rule over them. The thought is humili ating to an Englishman, while the fact has not been an unmitigated boon, but at beat little better than a bad bar gain. The "Widow Wettin"—as the Into Queen Victoria was romctimeu designated after her real family name —was never English in head or heart, in manners or methods she waa Ger man born and bred, and only happened to be birthed on British soil by virtuo of what haj been described as a natal nceident pre-arrangtd by hor shrewd German mother, tho Duchcss of Kent, who had married tlio. German son of that mad German King of England Gcorgo nr., who wrote that he wa3 proud to call himself "a Britain!" This was tho "British" Monarch to whom Britons own tho lofs of the best half of tho Empire, the North Ameri can colonics, now tho United Stated. • * * What I have objected against the Germun rulers of England i3 not their nationality, but their preferenco to German interlopers over British eiti zens. I don't blame Germans, bo they princes, peers, or plebeians, for taking advnntugo of such prcfcrenco; they uro parasites and do but after their kind, I and as English puraaites do and ever ! will do when they get tho ehanro. 1 What I do blame is the presence on thd English throne of rulers of German origin, with such strong predilections for Germans and things German, as to constrain them to prefer Germans be fore Englishmen in po?itions of high public trust and largo emolument; nnd to perversely promote German poblie interests and policy as against British interest* and policy. # • * Qncen Victoria was remarkable, but In no sonso lingular, for her Gorman prcfereaecB indulged in by h*r to tfw perpotoal prejudice of her British sub jects. But wua she altogether to blamoT No, not altogether. Her parents wero German; her husband iraa German; her nearest relations and dearest friends wcro German. She spoko German for tho most part, ex j eept on rare State occasions, when she i tried to speak English, and only .-,ue* reeded in doing so with great difficulty ' and a pronounced German accent. Her I husband no more than sho could sper-k I English correctly without a strong Ger I mr.n idiom and aeccnt. None of her [childreu could speak English without i n German twang. Even the late Iving | Edward tho Seventh's English smack ; ed somewhat of "sauerkraut;" while that of all his brothers and sisters strongly savoured of tho aausago. * » * Tho lato Queen married many of hex numerous children, and still raoro nu merous German niecca and nephews and German cousins, to Germans. There fore, it u no wonder that her sympa thies were really rather German thnn English. Her eldest daughter Is tho mother of the present German Kaiser, who, therefore, is lineally tho real heir tho British throne. Fortunately for England and Englishmen, England's monarchy is a constitutional one, and not a military despotism like that of Germany. Thus tho oldest living direct descendant of Queen Victoria finds himself shut out from his presumptive maternal heritage of tho British Crown. • o » Then look at tho scandalous case of tho Bccond son of Qneen Victoria, the lato seallawng, Tenegade Gorman Duke of Edinburgh. What did he dof When he found it profitable to do it, he re nounced his acquired British birth right, citizenship, honors, offices, title*, and emoluments, foreswore his allegi- I ance to the British birthright, and I went over to Germany to assume tho I title and take possession of the German | heritage of his German father, the late , Duke of Saxc-Cobnrg i»nd Gotha, the i German husband of Queen Victoria, i and known as the Prince Consort. T<3 it any -wonder, when such things conld be and happen, that German parasites | and pensioners should swnrra the Brit- 1 ish sovereign's court, and that the, Army and Navy in their highest and [ most responsible positions, should bo ! monopolised by Germans to the exclu- ; ??on of capable, lornl. brave, and pat- , riotic native-born Britons — English, j Irish. Scotch, and Welsh f No wondar at all. * » # | Tho rronder of it all Is that German influences did not predominate more than they did. and still do, and to the extent of placing the urescnt Kaiser in h;o grandmother's place on tho throne of England. When we can sec one of tho foreign-born German morganatic ! Battenberg brood permitted to hold the ! position of First Sea Lord of the Brit- ; jsh Navr, nothing ought to have bean : impossible to a German in England. I • * # I AD this may seem very disloyal to 1 such altruistic, odmahauns and loyal j flag-flappers as Hindoohendough ^En- | ley, but it has the slight merit of being j moro English thAn German. j • # # j I for one can seo no patriotism in an ! Englishman being more German than | i English. Choice raving to be made, I 1 prefer to bo pro-English rather thau pro-German. A man who can't fiad any thing to admire and lovo in his own country, and who does not feel com pelled to prefer her before all others, first and last, is next doer to being a [malcontent if not a downright traitor, j This oblation laid on the altar of Brit ! ish patriotism, it has to be said that • .s*ueh eonnd scntiraont3 do not neces sarily Tcquiro the sacrifice of Anglo ' iu»nti'u\ent at a German shrine, or the condonation of tho un-English conduct \ and anti-British policy of Gcrmon-bred j rulera of England. Students of mid-Victorian political history, and clo?e observers oi mid-Vic torian Court Life, know what a hot-bed of pro-German poller and anti-English intrigues tlio English Court became during the lifetime of the interloping interfering German husband of Queen Victoria. While he lived, Lord Palm | erston kept the Prince Consort in his ; plaee; Inter on, but in a less percmp . tory manner, Gladstone. But Lord 'John Russell. Palnierston's Minister for Foreign Affairs, was a pro-German pandei, bemuse bo was a pander to ; the pro-German prejudices of the Ger I man-bred Queen of England and her [ German hnsband. It is only now that England is at war with Germany that Englishmen are willing to believe in and listen to the oft-repeated story of I the insidiou" intrusion of Gorman influ ence into British Co art lifo and poli ties. ♦ ■# • A startling revelation has been mndo public bv Lord Rede.sdaln in the "National Review" of last October. Tn nu article entitled "St. Petersburg in Ifiti'M," Lord RedesdMe points ont i bow the pro-German predilections of Ihe English Court, the Queen, and her } German consort. together with the i>ro j German pandering of Lord John Ruv sell, were responsible for the unopposed annexation of Danish Bchleswig by lVu«sia, ami, consoquently, for tho en dowing of Gennanv for the firpt time with nn amplo and invulnerable nitvnl seaboard harbor i:\ which to build, dock, end shelter a fleet as Germany is 1 now doing in Kid harbor. » ♦ * England was expected by Russia and tho Danes themselves to offer armed resistance to tho setruro of Bchleswig and its spacious and safe horbor of re j fnge; England did nothing of the kind. I Thunks to the pro-Gorman prejudices | of Queen Victoria and her German hus band, strengthened and baeked up by those of her pro-German Minister for Foreign Affairs, this ruthless act of Prussian aggression was winked at and allowed to bo committed; consum mated without opposition or profit from England, at a timo when Eng land 's undoubted and nnehalleaged maritime supremacy would have en abled her to prevent tho seizure of Schlcsvrig by Frusiio. A fojmal, but | firm, protest from England would have | provented the catastroph". That pro- j tost waa not made, owing to tho pro German proclivities of the then Queen of England and her Gorman husband and tho pro-German pandering of Lord Unwell, tho than Minister for Foreign Affairs. ♦ • » In his articlo dealing with tho eriaia ■which had arisen in 1863-i over tbo question of tho two Danish Duchies of Schlcswig and Holstoin on the tnnin land, Lord Brdesdalo himself an old diplomatist, thus sums up tho attitude of tho English Court and tho English Foreign OiEco:— Foreign fltntesir.cn know that Lord Fahncrston was now grown old. IIo v;as no longer tho douerhty ehnmpion i of the Don Paeifico days, when he j electrified the House of Commons t and tho world with tho famous) "Civis Roxnanas ram" speceh. Moreover, ho wus hampered by the shufflings of his Foreign Secretary; and in tho background wan the Queen (Victoria), never a negligible quantity in Foreign Affairs, whom nil men knew to bo a strong ally of Germany, and still animated by tho spirit of tlio dead Prince Consort., who naturally felt with Germany. TCcad what the "Prince Consort wrote to the King of Prussia on Marrb 12th, "My bop*', like that of most German p.-.triots. rest1' upon Prussia, r»'*t* upon vot:." (Lifn of the Prince Consort. vol. v.. p. ,1H). Those word* in the mouth of tV I Prince fa German*} wrre in*eiligibl»» • eno.ich, but whv *bould T/ird Tvussrll j ("English Minister for Foreign Af- ] fairs) be a German patriot T j Ho was a "Gorman patriot" boeauso J he was an English toady to German j royalty. j In another and shorter article it wiTl he fhown how Germnn inflnfnee at the . English Conri rind in English politics « has been mainly responsible for tho . building of tbo German Fleet, and the . pos«eafnon of that strong, sefn harbor of Kiel, wherein it now pocurelr lies ' "Bottlrd-np." it is true, bnt derisive ly defying the stronger British Fleet to ! dig it'out—even as T defy "Jnstic*,"' bo tho anonymous skunk a he or Bho or " a bit of both," to draw me out fur ther than I havo oeiftned to bo drawn ia this articlc. Let tho dirty dog now return to his vomit, along with the sovr to her wallowing ia tho mire* JOHN NOBTON. Pai&ce; Hotai, BU GorgVi Ten-xea, Perth, W<*tcca AtwLraBa, Wednesday, Dumber gth, 1914. 