CHAMBER OF ACRICULTURE. MAlRYBOROUGH CONVENTION. (BY OUR AGRICULTURAL REPORTER.) The annual convention of the chamber of agriculture was continued on Wednes day, the 1st inst. In a brief address Professor Weodruffe, of the University Veterinary College, re ferred to the growing demand throughout the world for qualified veterinaries. Hle suggested that every farmer who had, the idea of giving his son a Unixversity training should let-him take the veterinary course; the training he re ceived would prove of great value should he desire to remain on the jand. Mr. Syderdham (Colac) introduce& the subject of herd testing, which he described as the only means by which a profitable dairying industry could be built up. It was imperative that a means should be adopted of finding out which were the payable cows. The speaker made reference to the Danish system of control or cow audit, which has been largely responsible for the high ave rage yield for which the cows of Denmark are famed. He urged that the system should receive State encouragement in Vie toria. Mr. Sydenham stated that the Colac societies were so impressed with the work done in the Thames Valley, N.Z., bhat they had made arrangements for the secre tary responsible to visit this State and ad dress meetings in favor of the movement. The following resolution was unanimous ly adopted: That the convention approves of the establish ment of dairy herd testing associations through out the State, similar to those of New South Wales and New Zealand, and that the Govern ment be urged to assist by granting a subsidy of 10/ for every £1 raised by each association. An interesting discussion took place on a motion tabred by the executive commend ing the policy of 'the State Government in respect to border railway lines, the conser vation of the Murray waters, and the de velopment of -the outer ports. The resolution was unanimously adopted. Mr. MacTier, on beha.. of the executive, introduced the question of the compulsory registration of brands and ear marks. Dur ing the discussion partiality was expressed for the South Australian legislation, which it was claimed worked effectively in the direction desired. The following motion was unanimously adopted: That in the opinion of this conference it is desirable that there should be a Brands and Ear Marks Act in this State, as at present in force in South Aiutralia, and that thle executive be reque-ted to give this matter consideration. The sticcese of the existing method of stallion certification led to .the convention taking an important step in the direction of improving the quality of draught stock. The subject was introduced by the Werri bee society, the representatives of which asked that the outside use of uncertifi cated stallions should be prohibited. It was claimed that such legislation was re quired in order to render the certification system complete. At the present time un certificated horses were made available for service at such a low fee tha. many farm ers continued to use them, and for this reason the value of the certification sys tem was mninimi ed. The proposal encoun terad warm opposition, but on a vote being taken a substantial majority sup ported the following motion: That the Government be urged to legislate against the employment of uncertificated stallions for public use. Mr. John Young (Nhill) direw atterntion to the fact that so far no provision had been made for the appointment of local courts to deal with appeals against State land tax valuations. This was an import ant featare in the existing legislation, and in his district many farmers were anxious to have recourse to it. The following motion was unanimously adopted: That this convention urges on the Land Tax Commissioner that appeal courts be at once con stituted, and that the two members to sact tfth the judge or police magistrate, as provided for in the laird tax regulations, possess a knowledge of the value of laule and improvements in. that particular district in which they are. to act. Objection was taken to the amount now allowed in the income tax administration for the sustenance of employes, and mem bers of family employed in a business. It was urged that owing to the high cost of living the existing allowance of 10/ per week should be increased to 15/. The mat ter was referred to the executive for ac tion. Complaints from the maize' growers of Orbost regarding the inferior quality of the sacks which they have to use were referred to the executive for action, as was a pro test from Charlton that the wheat bag sold at wheat rates realises only 1ld. for the farmer, the same bag being afterwards sold by the miller at 6d. A discussion on the ineffectiveness of municipal administration of the existing legislation dealing with the dog nuisance brought out striking instances. of damage done to stock by starved and roaming dogs. It was resolved that attempts be made to have the act stringently administered. A Problem in Stock fransportation was the first item. dealt .with by the conven tion on Thunnday. Delegates com plained of the differential rates charged by the Railway depart. mnent in the matter of stock'transport. It was stated that all animals sent from the country to the town were charged on the higher scale arranged for fats. On the other hand. those sent from town to coun try were allowed a lower rate. The Secretary read a -statement from the Railway Commissioners, in which the Comminissioners refused to make the altera tion desired by the executive, on the ground that it would lead to imposition. All stock sent to town under such an arrangement as that proposed would be claceiied as stores. The executive was directed to again press for the removal of the present sys tem. A brisk discussion ensued upon a motion su'bmnitted by the Great Southern delegates complaining of the undue cost of dairy supervision as exercised by the State. This cost amounts to 1/ per cow. of which the dairyman pays 6d. On the other hand, the cost of supervision under municipal control does not exceed a total of 2d. per head, the municipal inspeators dealin, in a year with five times the numlber of cows inspected by the State supervisor. - Since the dis tricts in which the municipal system pre vailed turned out a much higher propor tion of superfine butter than those under State control, it was contended that the former system was not only cheaper, but more eff'ective-than the State supervision. It was also suggested that with the passing of legislation or the compulsory grading of cream there would be no justification for the continuanca of the State system. If the testing of dairy herds as advocated yes terday became general there would be still less need for the costly Government staff of supervision. . The Director of Agriculture challenged the statements made, and claimed 'that the State system had given better results'than that conducted 'by the municipalities. Mr. IWT.. 1. Osblornie, speaking as an old opponent of. the State system, advised .the withdrawal of the motion.- .. Repre sentatives of the dairying interests were now in conference with the Minister of Agriculture on the subject of reform in dairy administration, and for that reason it was desirable that no such hostile motion shotild be carried. This point of view prevailed, and the motion was defeated. Mr. Bartlett (Corryong), in eulogising the work done by the immigration bureau, emphasised the value to country dis tricts of the Then and boys that were there by being added to their population. He suggested-that the convention should sig nify its approval of the work -being done and co-operate in it. Other delegates warm ly praised the immigration authorities, and spoke generally in high terms of the men and boys they had obtained by their agency. The following motion was unanimously carried: That the executive be asked to formulate a scheme by means of which the agricultural socie ties throughout the State will be enabled to co operate with the Immigration Bureau in the nmat ter of placing immigrants in country districts. Maile delegates having complained of the siltage of water channels caused by sand drifting from adjacent land, the fol lowing resolution was adopted: That the Water Supply department be urged to enforce, at any rate in the malilee, the regim lation in the Water Act which compels owners of property through which channels rum to leave a strip of land adjacent to the said channels uneultivated and uncleared. Mallee and northern delegates also entered warmly into a debate as to the best means of disposing of'the drift sand difficulty which leads to main roads in certain districts being submerged by sand driven by the wind from adjoining fields in fallow. One section asked for legisla tion compelling 'the maintenance of an un ploughed strip along threatened roads, while others insisted that the only true remedy lay in a, proper system of tree planting. Seemingly the latter contention found miost favor, as a motion requestiig legislation to compel abstinence from fal lowing under certain conditions was de feated. Startling allegations as to the unfair treatment whic-id Austutlian lamb is ac corded in London markets were made by delegates who had recently visited Eng land. It was stated that the primest Aus tralian meat was sold-as best English the second quality as Canterbhry, while only the very inferior meat was labelled as being of Australian origin. To ,prevent a conthiuance of this scandalous state of affairs, it was acked that steps be taken to introduce a system of indelibly branding export lambs, so that it would be impos sible to igniore their origin. The matter was referred to the executive for action. The reading of a paper on Closer Settle ment, written by Mr. Jenkins, led to a sharp criticism of clause 69. At the invitation of the executive, re nresentatives of the Good Roads, Associa bion attenided the convention, with the >bject of explaining how the association .ould be advantageously utilised by ,armers. Lack of time precluded the in tended explanation, however; whifle a reference to motor cars made the dele gates still lerss inclined to hear the visitors. The executive was instructed to confer with the Country Roads' Board with the object of arranging for a system of tempeo rary side tracks while existing roads are in course of reconstruction. It was agreed that stock parading ,at shows should not carry prize tickets, &e.; won at other shows. On the initiative of Berwick delegates, the convention plrotes .ed against the sub stitution of bicycles 3or police horses in hilly districts, and instructed the execu tive to interview the police authorities. Several other minor items of businessr concluded the work of the convention. The election of opeicers resulted--Presi dent, Rev. C. 1W. Wood; vice-presidents, Messrs. J. B. Brewer and Duncan M'LeI Ian; executive committee, Messrs. :factier, Caumphell.. M'Collough, Lamrock andl M'Roberts. It. was decided to hold the next. eon-: vention at. Wangaratta. - 