Our London Letter. [From the 'North Queensland Regis ter's' Special Correspondent.) LONDON, November 21. In his Inaugural address as Presi dent of the Institute of Bankers, Vis count Goschen, referring to the con dition of the financial world and the state of the money market. Bald that at the present moment the condition of the money market was not entirely satisfactory, and it required more than a cursory glance to diagnose Ite somewhat complicated symptoms. 'Nerves,' or 'Neurasthenia,' was the characteristic disease of the age. Its symptoms .varied, but there would nearly always be found excitability at one time, and depression at another. There was no organic disease, the body was «mnd and a 'rest cure.' If carried out would restore the patient. Tne same causes had. he believed, exactly the same effect upon the money mar ket, and tbe same cure was needed to restore It. The pace at which the world had been living, and was living, increased, and swifter cable »nd tele phonic communication with all parts of the world had given the money mar ket a nt of 'nerves.' for which It needed* a 'rest cure.' It was quite sound organically, but Its digestion was weak, and It was constantly sub ject to sudden fits of depression. This admirably «uma up the situation, but unfortunately the 'rest cure' Is not j possible at present Australia's needs, for one, has to be satisfied. The States are watting to follow each other, an,d probably there was never such a crowd of would-be borrowers hovering over the money markets of Western Europe as at present. France 1b about to Is sue a loan for £52,000,000 for military purposes; Turkey has obtained the con sent of the French Government to the immediate issue In Paris of a loan of £28,000,000, Koumanla has been offering on the London market £1,980,000 ln *l per cent, bonds to bearer at £91 per cent.— part of a total loan of £9,900,000; the Russian Government Is negotiating a railway loan of 00,000,000, and Bul garia has discounted 6 per cent. Trea sury Bills ln Vienna to the amount of £1,200,000 preparatory to a loan of £16,000,000. Money must therefore re main dear for some time to come. It was found impossible to issue the new Western Australian £1,000,000 four per cent loan at a higher, figure *.han £97 per cent, and then it had to be made additionally attractive. The issue has been criticised on the ground that while a discount of 4 per cent, was allowed on secured allotments, a full half-year's Interest will be paid on January 1st on the whole of the stock which was issued. As only a few weeks Intervene, the £2 Interest and £4 discount are practically a big bonus on the stock: But with all the at tractions the underwriters were left with 72 per cent of the amount, but not for long, tsome naa advance ouy ers of tbe stock on their books pro vided it fell to a discount after allot ment. It Is becoming more and more a practice for Investors to abstain from applying directly for the stock on the prospectus, and to leave pur chasing orders with their brokers to buy new issues at a discount after al lotment. The result was that the price was quoted at i discount at the open ing of the market after the closing of the list Buyers pressed In, how ever, and there was such a demand that the price went up to 1, and sub sequently tb 1/16 discount. Before the close of the day the stock changed hands at the Issue price of 97, and It Is now at i premium. Tbe Dominions Royal Commission have now finished taking their evi dence In London, and at the end of January they will leave for South Africa. They will visit In turn most of the principal centres of the Union, and will also pay a visit to 'the Vic toria Falls. The evidence just con cluded has had reference to malls and cables, the cbief witness being Mr Crabb, C.B., second secretary to the . Post Ofilce. Asked whether the Post Office had considered the possibility of ' establishing a Cape-Australia mall route as-»n alternative to the Suez route, he replied ln the negative, and added that the Cape route was not only much longer put the Suez route enabled tbe Australian and Indian mails to be sent together. Pressed by Sir Rider Haggard as to whether it would be an advantage, providing the speed of South African steamships .could be Increased e- knot an hour, for the Australian malls to call at ports in British territory, dominated by Bri tish power, Mr Crabb thought there was something ln the argument for consideration, but be pointed out *i:At speeding up cost money, and t i- i.'t be remembered that a large arr t '..*«*. business wr.s picked up by :'?- 'a route, -m tho subject of «*?'.-;?. l.c held out »e.-7 little hope of any fur ther conc^uslors of Importance at pre sent, and -declared plainly that a 9tttf^w«M^«a#MriHMe^^^H inil woold.hot pay. «lr Bta^^^H roiy. Chairman of the ? PacJ^^^H Board, declined to admit tu^^^^H could grain any new faelllUeJ^^^H public without a toss that tbeJ^^^H not afford. ^^H Acttne under Instructions noriveW from their respective Governmental the varions Agents-General ' hay.^ formed themselves Into a Commission I of Inquiry In regard to the butter] business, and the meetings are talt- I ing place at the Queensland Govern- ! ment Agency under the -presidency of Sir Thomas RoblnEon. There has been I a considerable discrepancy between ! the prices of Australian and New * Zealand butter, and Danish butter and the colonial producers naturally want to know tbe cause of this. This really started the inquiry, but a number of other questions have arisen. For In stance, the official prices .quoted from week to week of Australian butter do not quite egree with the account sales received by some of the producers, lind the Commission Is endeavoring to find out how tm:se official prices are arrived at and whether they may be taken as reliable, ln point of fact the Com mission Is determined If possible to get at the botttm of this butter business, and to thif end it Is following the huUer from the time It leaves the port of shipment until It passes over (her counter of the retailer. Vp to the present four meetings have been held— two Uet week, and two this week — and I am informed 'already It Is quite easy to 6ee tliat the Infor mation will be of considerable help to the Australian ttnd New Zealand pro ducer. A gratifying part of the whole business Is {the readiness with which everyone Is ''willing to help. Quite a number of Important witnesses have clven evldetce.' Mr Nevil, late Tobacco Expert .to the Queeneiind Government, has arri ved In London with Ills wife and family, en route to the United States. Miss Nevlt called at the Queensland Government Agency last week, and re. gistered their names ln the visitors' book as staying at the Esmond Hotel, Russell Square. Miss Margaret Winning, of Ipswich, Is also in town, staying s,t the Warwick Club, and Mrs J. G. McNau. of Bris bane, Is with friends at Wimbledon. Mrs William Collins, of Nlndoomba Elation, left London yesterday for the Soith of France, and will leave Mar seilles early ln tho New Year with her family for Queensland. £ Mrs 'Whittingham, wife of Mr A. H. Whltlingham. M.L.C.. Is now, I am pleased to report, much better In health, and has gone to the seaside with her husband to recruit. Mr and Mrs McKacharn have bought the lease of 47, HUl-Btreet, Berkeley Square^ — a fashionable quarter at the west end of London— which will be their permanent; address. The following announcement appears In the Court column of tbe 'Morning Post':— ''A marriage has oeen arran ged, and will shortly take place, be tween Gerard W. Williams. Mount Oxide, North Queensland, eldest son of the Rev. Gerard . Williams, Croydon, Surrey, and Annette Doris, only daugh ter of tbe late Thomas Sowler, Th* Cedars, Dldsbury, and Mrs Sowler, Argyle House.. Southport.' Miss Grace Ahcarae, daughter of Dr. Absarne, and Mrs Abearne, of North Queensland, Is giving a concert at the Stelnway Hall on November £7, and 'early next year Mrs Ahearne hopes to take her daughter to Aus tralia for a six or eight months' pro fessional tour. The 'Lord. Mayor's Show' on Its re turn Journ&y; from the Law Courts to the Guildhall has to pass through the Strand, and Sir Thomas Robinson in vited, a* usual, a number of Queens landecs -to view the 'procession from the office windows, and subsequently with Lady Robinson, entertained them to afternoon tea. Amongst the com pany were Mrs W. CoAlinB and party, Mr and Mrs Benvenuttl, Mr and Mrs Hooper and children, Mr, Mrs, and the Misses Edwards, Mrs Underwood and children, Mrs P. J. Dillon (wife of the Secretary to the AgentrGeneral), and family, Mrs Tearoe (wife of the Eiecu live Engineer). Mrs and Miss Bain, Miss Brady. Mr. Mrs, and Miss Loader, Miss Bytheway, Mrs J. Duncan and the Misses Duncan. Mrs J.. M. Wil liamson, Mrs Turner, Miss Glbspn, Mr Chrlstlson, and Mr Robert Gambles, of Mcllwralth. McEacharn and Co., and party. There were also present Sir Newton Moore, Agent- General for Western Australia, Lady Moore, and family, and the Hon. Thomas Macken zie, High Commissioner of New Zea land, Mrs Mackenzie and family. Captain Leslie Orrne Wilson, who has Just been elected to the House of Commons as member for Reading, In place or Sir RufuS Isaacs, must be known to many Queenslanders since he was for six years aide-de-camp to the late Admiral Sir Harry Rawaon. It will -bo remembered that he mar ried ln 1909 the eldest daughter of Captain Charles Smith, of Ggderlch, Sydney. Who wants to buy a battleship? The cruiser Prometheus, formerly employed on the Australian station, and at pre sent at Gibraltar, has Just Veen placed on tho Admiralty sals list. One of the features of the past year's work ln regard to the Scout movement in tbls country has been the number of visitors from overseas who have come to England for- information at headquarters. Sir Robert Baden Powell has entertained over IS such detachments at his residence. A new rank for Scout masters, who prove themselves nrat-class at their '-work, has been devised, and the title will be . 'Ranger.' ' Those reaching It will I wear a distinguishing 'gorget.' - The following hes gone the rounds of the London press:— 'Lately Harry Cooley. aged 30 years, brakesman on the North London Railway and Goods Yards; his wife, Ellen Cooley, aged 29 years, and their daughter, Eva Cooley. aged eight yeans, emigrated to Queens land under the Government system of nomination. The nominator was Mrs Cooley's brother, a Church Army kid, who went to Queensland in Septem ber, 1811, and lias worked at Pitts worth ever since, and Is now In re ceipt of 25s a week and keep, which Is worth another Its per week. Pro bably In no. other of the oversea do minions could a waif of 18 arrive penni less, and In less than two years be In a position to bring out a family as Immigrants. The lad ln question Is Albert Davits, who went out under tha auBptoes of the Church Army In the Dur/Hiin, which left London ln June, 191HF ' ^^^?^^^^^^?FivlseT^I ^^RlSaT^^^^Hch capacity* Italia auch'WWHasT^'ork - for the Emplr*.' - It will be retailed that be was ttie nrst to enunclaK the theory— since confirmed by sirfRonald Ross— or the mosquito as Aho distributor dt malaria. Ho will Ujeet many old frlcnaB In South Africa,, and tho plly Is he could not cxterM bis Journey to- Australia, for tliore B,no part in which lie would receive a wVrmer w»l come than in Townsville. V Sir Thomas and LAdy Robmaan are now at their London home In Ohm bridge Square for tbe winter Veasou. The week-ends ore spent In th'eWnin iny when possible. Last Saturdaf tliey j went down to Mr Robert ChrI*U;i-iA tj charming seat at Louth. Lincolabhirc, 'mid the Saturday liefore they were (the guests of Mr and Mrs Lionel Ro binson, at old Buckingham Hall, ftCr |folk. The 'Standard' announces the en gagement of Miss Elsie Stanley -Hall, of Victoria-street. London, daughter of Mr W. Stanley-Rail, of Toowcomca, to Dr. F. O. Stohr. of Northern Ilnc desia. Miss ' Hall Is a well known pianist, and for some time nad ll:e honor of teaching music to Princess Mary of Wales. The many Australian friends of Mr W. K. Lclghton-Ballcy, who live* tor some time in Northern Queensland be* fore he went to Sydney and founded the 'Sydney Eunday Times.' will regret to iearn that he has been blind for months past, and quite unable to do anything. He Is now in the Royal Eye Hospital, St. Georrc's Circus, London, and Is about to undergo an operation. This sad news is conveyed to me this week by Mrs Bailey, who Is now living at West Tolring, Worthing, a little watering place, near Brighton, on tbe south The Queensland Agent-General has Just received from the Department of Agriculture, Brisbane, a large and {Interesting consignment of Queensland (products for exhibition purposes. The consignment includes a choice collec tion of maize Eamples ln cob and grain; '% splendid bundle of broom millet, ex cellent sisal hemp, and exhibits of nrst-clasB chaff. A large selection of preserved fruits has been sent, tbe collection Including, preserved papaws, ginger, pineapples, and candled peel. Three samples of Queensland cotton are Included In the consignment— Caravonlca wool, Caraconlca silk cot ton, and long stample upland cotton, large quantities of wild rubber which could not be profitably sold at 2s Gd to Ss per lb. At this week's auctions stan dard crepe sola at ' 2s 6d to Zs td per lb, which compares with 4s 2d to 4s -d a year ago. The highest price paid was 2s lid for Highlands smoked sheet and up to 2s 6&d; for pale crepe. The auc tions comprised 911 tons as against 9K at the mid-November sales last year. COPRA. The copra market continues quiet, but steady. Fair merchantable sun dried Malabar, October-December, £32 15s, sellers; and January-March, £32 6s Sd; Ceylon, September-October, £32 2s 6d, sellers, to Hamburg; Java, net terms,* Holland, Hamburg, Bremen, August-October, £31 7s Gd. sellers; Octo ber-December. £31 2s €d; January March, £10 Us; Macassar, AugustOc tober, £81 2s Gd, sellers, Hamburg; Sing apore, September-October, £31 2s 6d, sellers; November-December, £31 2s 6d,' Cebu, August-October, £11 Ea, tellers; and November-December, £81, buyers; South Sea Islands, September-October, £M lEe, sellers; October-November, £30 15s, London; fair merchantable quali ties, Straits, October-November, £30 17s Cd, value, Marseilles; OctoberNovem ber, £81, sellers, Odessa, Manila, to Marseilles, August-October, £31 2s 6d, sellers; October-November £30 IBs, buy ers; October-December, £30 12s 6d; mixed, excluding Padang, northern ports, August-September, £30 16s, buy ers; October-November, £80 10s, Mar seilles. COTTON. The Lancashire and Yorkshire spin ners of American cotton who belong to the Masters' Federation recognise the necessity for short time working In or der effectively to relieve the present unsatisfactory state of affairs ln the trade, which Is caused by the high price of cotton, the shortage ln the American crop, and over production. If tbe Federation could bring all the mills under such an order a general Btoppage of spindles, for one day or a half-day each week would take place at once, but the opinion of the trade Is greatly divided, not as to theadvls ablllty of short time working, butfas to the Justice of calling upon Federa ted mills to shorten their running week while the spindles of the non- Federated mills would be running uninterruptedly, thereby defeating the object of the movement This argument weighed with the General Committee of the Federation at their meeting ln Man chester last week, when It was decided to renew the proposal at the next monthly meeting. 