FQRE1GN IMMIGRANTS. INQUIRIES IN NORTHERN EUROPE GOOD TYPES AVAILABLE. l-'ItOM OUR CORItESPONPENT.l LOXDOX, 27th February. Owing lo the difficulty which is now being experienced in securing suitable emi grants in Great liril.iin, the Victorian Goveriuni-nt protioses to obtain emigrants from the northern countries of Kurope, and more particularly from Denmark, Sweden, Xorwny and Finland. 't is the opinion of most of the Government officials engaged in emigration work in Great Bri tain for the Australian Statm that it will breoinc increasingly difficult to obta.ii cmt. grants in Great. Britain for Australia, as the supply is fast diminishing, and there is no fresh -ground to cover, the whole ot Great Britain having been "rak.-d over" by the emigration agents. As has been pointed out in "The -»gc," there is now r.o sur plusage in Great Britain of farm workers or domestic sen-ants. fan. . ,1a, which spends so much more money thau Austra lia in effective methods of advertising throughout Great Britain the resource and attractions of the Dominion, is eon. tinuiug to attract emigrants in thousands; hut this is due to its extensive advertising and to the fact that Canada, being so much ti.aior to Great Britain than Australia, attracts tneti who intend to return to Groat Britain after a few vears. As a mat ter of fact, thousands of British emigrants to Canada return home in the course ot two or three years for a visit during the severe Canadian winter, when work is scarce. Australia is so far away front Great Britain that few emigrants return, except these who have failed in the now land, and come lack to spread warning-i against emigrating to the Commonwealth. In the opinion of some ot the leading Australian Government otlicnls engaged in sending out emigrants from flre.tt Bri tain it wo.dd be possible to incr.-Jee materially the stream of emigration Pi the Australian States by a substantial reduc tion in the aesislod parages, bit the im petus given by such action would not lost more than a few years. It is the g-ner.tl foelief among the official that Great .Bri tain ns a field for the classes of emigrant requited by Australia ia almost worked out. The emigration agents i:i tir.-at Bri tain, who are paid a homo, of XI per head for everj- emigrant they obtain for Austra lia, aiserl that a good supply of farm work er and domicile servant for Australia .-..ti still be obtained jf more money : spent in bringing the attraction of Aus tralia under th.- notire of the right classes. To some extent their optimism > t-> be ac counted for by the fact tlut the inure the emigration work i confined to Great Bri tain the more money in the form ot Kin;: will eomc tln-ir way. An alino-t inexlmustible supply of Bri tish ltd tor f.inu work in Australia .-all be obtained from the large English eiti.w, provided the assisted p is-.g.c arc fixed at a very low rate, -but although the British lad turn into a very iMtpfa.-tory citizen in Australia lie i» not -.he only class of immigrant required. It is worthy of note that the opponents of eotnpttlsory military service, which in the Unit.il Kingdom is alui.wt a qmstion of party politic-, have mkv.siImI in alarming intending emigrant to Australia as to the operation «f com pulsory military orvi.-r in the Gomm.m- wetlth. The iinpr.-s.ion er.-alet! i« that there is little .lilf.-rence l- r.\ei-u the Aits tr.ilan sycetn and Iit!i:r7(». ion in (icr- many. I h,- fa.-t tiiat Vietori-i lip. hen rending out a large tmmiier of British lads for farm work lu liefn u-c.l an a warning g»:n-t Australia and it military scrvi.v, for tl is said :hat the .hi.-f r.w.m for obtaining the,- boy i% U> in-n them s-ddirrs. If Austtalia intend to «-.irry out uti ex tensive immigration pokey, it t- o-ffy a qiir-r.ion of tint.- iic'or.- she will Is- coin- rc-Ie.1 to go to Kur-qvan eountrie- for the ell.- of immigrant rcuuiri-J. But Aus tralia i not tne only country which nee. Is immigrant for her d--vrloptnetit. and if »iic 1 wants to obtain Kurupean emigrants the 1 so-m.-r she liegtns tin- tii»n; effectively w.ii lie In- able to wit'iaitaud the ronqvlition wlii.-h is Ikiiiii.1 to iin-rea.-. The United 1 Stair and Caru.l » have for y.oio, |us: lie-a drawing emigrant" from the Continent, ; and now Argentina lit. entered the thl J. It will not he 1-uig hi-f.irt- South Afrit-a t ikra up an immigration policy, and Brazil, another Urge undeveloped country, w»t! prolwbly endeavor to get etnigrant from Northern Ktir.r,- t» -upidi-noiit iIksc lu has been rffitaiiiing from the south. A'. plough the Victorian I'n-mter ha an- to-uiu.-d the intention of hi. Government to obtain emrgiatil- from Kuro|H-, no »tc|» iuve yet In, ii taken in the matter. Mr. Jam,- MacLeod, :io- iotmer Vtetotian Emigration Commissioner m Isuidou. v. sited Denmark, Jsweden, Norway and Finland before hi return Pi Autlralu last j year, and r.-port.ii very favorably on the to. of ohuiiong suitable enngranu tt-itn tho-e einii-r;.». llut the Victorian Guvernmtnt hnnks from the evis-!.e ot j ol.i rtisiu.', which ' a i:.:iT.iry pri-huiin- aiy to obtaining emigrants, and wants tin- (iiiiimo iw.-dth Gov.-ranien' to und-ztakv t'.e advertising w- ik. ail I pr. 'eraiiiv tb whuh- work of rending ml (UifTiuntal elii grant. The difiieulty in which the Com- m' liw.alth is at pr..«nt witti regard to the nutter :» that Vi--.-iri.i is the oni) Stat,- whwli i taking a 1 it-ge number of immigrant, and thei.coie tut- oi.»y Stal,- whi.-h i ncriou!' . .ins d.-rmg tin- qm -lion ol obtaining immigrant from t'oie.gn coun tries of Euro;-. Tii Mmo»ter ior Kx- n-nul Affair doe not want to i-rid Coin- iiiomreaith money in b.-neiitin/ Victoria alone, but realising that Australia wif. have to b4: to tne Continent for immi grant at tin distant date, and tlut stun.- of the other Australian (state will nliortly be reviving their immigration ii!icy, in.- Minister gave insini.-ti-ii's t-> the High Commissioner to neiid an olb.-ia! t-'ie eoiintri.- of Nortlietn Kuroja- to obtnu m- foriiutioti a :o the lHN-sibihty ot s.siiring .uiUbh- , -migrants and tin- b-al imllmds to In: adopted. Mr. 11. C. (/mult, tm- officer in elutge ol the publicity deiiaitment ot tin- High Com- m'u-sionet's Oliive. hi- returned to lauidoit after a visit to Denmark, .Sweden. Nor.vav and Finland. In all tlue .-outline lie found tliat excellent t.vrm worker and do- nicotic cuu i (»ut4i!u,u. C.in4'l>i i« li-kfiviiu; imiuiranu (rum alUicw «mih tries, and lu ls-.-u iloiug so iiit tin- lus ! twelve veal Mr. >iinr: Was |iartn-iil.-.rlv IITIPI.SS.-.I With tin- suitability for Anstra- i |i-, ,1 tin- l.iriii Worker ami domestic eel- | v.int in Finland. 'I'm- fanning methods emploved, lurticuliriy by the >a-e <t »-;i l1 in lander. are .ie modern a the tiielho.1 of \iistr.ili.iu former. ..til in eonie r.-ntN-et superior The dairying industry in I- in- laud i a most extensive one. and dairv -eliuols for tiie purpose of inslriii-tiuu have I lie. II .'stalffialied tliroiighoiit Die muiitrv. : All the milking, however, is done by the I which. There are also schools for tiie ' training of dotiu-sti-- n-ry.iuP<. and they ' turn Hill thorou/uU experienced worker. Tne domestic servant of Finland belong to the type of general servant required ill Amdralian households- young women who are acru»t>iined to all brain-lira of dotnestir work, ami not merely one branch, a i the case with nmiv of the doiuesti.: ur- vatit in England. The Finnish dom.vtn- ! servant ran do everything aliout a house, ' from washing the Iwue.-lioM linen to baking -In- day's bread. The Finland.-! are eager to etuigrate beeau.- of the |i. > lit it- 1 1 op- preskion of llil-sia. and the expeetaiiun that t'lo near future will wiln.-k the adop tion of eevciY'i- uieasiire of .iii|irrssi.iu, Canada lias not yet begun to exploit tlm country systematically for emigrants, but an inoreaeins' number of Finland.-! are leaving their own country for Canada un.l 1 the United State. Next to Finland, Mr. Smart regard Nor way as the must fertile field for .miai'.iri.m work. There nr.- a large number ..f m:il! holders in Norway, who arc arrut.mKil to all branches of farm work, and the.- men with their sturdy 'self-reliance would do well in Australia. Domestic servants who Jiave been trained in special schools similar to those which exist in Finland are avail- able m Norway. Sweden provides the same . ei? - 'cffwiste as Norway, but owing to the greater stringency of the laws di al e aS-nn«t emigration from .Sweden it will be a more difficult task to obtain eiui- grants there than in Norway. Farm workers wno arc thoroughly experienced in dairying can -be obtained in Denmark, and a small number have already been sent out to Vic toria. ,|rom time to time, through the Emi gration department in London. Danish I armor and farm workers have for some time past had their attention directed to Jria- )Ill have established tne dairying industry there on a sound footing. Thou sands ot tons of Mil), ri.in butter arc ex- of U riv-rt nK,bndk.a"dTin -T1!'5' tl,u bwt Owis J ? J "aT1 I>-in,s1' butter. of i.i,e r' n, iIL' ?1Vf«Yor lvith which most i'L .i? . TUl1, Govenintesits look on won. k? Ilrc- -' t,bt' .vt"1!b-r manhood and em,w 01 Ln" ,.l',tion 1,1 foreign lauds, emigration cannot he earrictl out in the cotintries of Kun.pe with the free- ra v '"L. all?wt-d in Great Briuin. Norway, Sweden and Denmark h'ra i c 1>00n I«-s>ed wimch directly uhn at ujseouragim; emigration. For insUance, in aira,1) .al"' He "mars a newspaper is not allonted to publish an advertiseaneut cak-u- af''oCt O'tligrun: by glowing n. suranccs of t.ie opportunities which await them m the new land. Fractieallv all t-i.it can be piiblishnl is Uie amount o'f the Piissage money to the new kind and an in vitation to write to the advertiser for fur ther information. Association liave been formed wit ii the object of fostering a love ot the nome land and diseoura-ging emigra tion. In bwodrii the laws against emigra tion are even more strict. Not only are newspa;>cr advert moment to attract emi- grant probibite-1 but emigration agent are not permitted t,. give information eon- corning the new land to an inter., ding emi grant until after he ha jMirch.-ised his passage ticket. An emigration agent w-|i-> contravenes the law i iiaiile to be fined a" '.1 1avc I''-'' li'.'li.c as a shipping ng.-nt (unrelldi, Canada hsllKvn obtaining emi- gc.in: troin Sw.|,.n a 'well a Norwtiv, i but. owing to the stringency . if the law in ' (weden, the Canadiuti ofim- at St.K-k r.uan bar I 'n c!<uit, and the Canadian ,-e ra- tion in Sweden are being lurried out from Curistinnia. tin? eujiitul of Norwav. Afi-. //mart, while at Ciiristiuna. called on the British Aliniuter and asked his view ou the question of ifnuiininu Norwegian emi grants for Atwtralia. The Miniuter said he had no doubt that ici liable emigrant .-ould lie got. and tliat the Norwegian Go vernment wauild not raise any senou ob- sitacle. A similar visit to the Bnti«h Min- iiter at Stockholm, the capital of Sweden, elicited the opinion that it wrotiM be nrerx- ««ry to Ik- exoccuinsly i-.irwul in recruiting emigrants if confiirt with the Swvdieit Go vernment w-.i to he avoided. But in Fin- tuid thctv are no Govcrnnu-nt r«-sttietion with r.gar.l to emigration, and. fot jmliLcal r.-ar«ins. tb.- Finns are eager to emigrate. During the course of hi iuquirpx Mr Smart w.i compelled to r.uliee that Aus tralia is .-llni-vl iiukiiow-n in tin- couiitric he visited. Moot of the people he met who affected !" ba\e_ heard of ,\iei:r.ilia eunftiseti it with >'outh Afri.n or (hnada. Before any i-tnigr.ition result ran 1»- ob> (.lined thom theee i<«unlri(X it will he nec.tvviry to carry on an advertising <wm- tn-gn to make Auetralra known. It will he tunssstn- to have display of Auetral-an produce exhibited at the iigricultur.il show, to send oat leeturcnt .1 'V' town .unl village, to dbtnin tbe ieerrtioii of article on Australia in tiie iieWMjK-ra. ..ml t-i exhibit rinetnatograpli hlrtsi of Australia and tile farming itidu-ory,- Mr. Smart, who ho 1hi-ii in elairgi- o the work of ail, l Using Australia in Gr.ot Britain for tiie Commonwealth G'w.-niin- rit. estunat,- that the eot of an advertising tmnp.r.-n in Norway. Swixlen, lk itmir and Finland, on the line lr.dimtv.I, would amount to jl2u/«»i f»r the first year. 