OPEN UNTIL 9 O'CLOCK ON SATURDAY. Our Store will Close as usual at 6 o'clock on Thursday, Closed all day Good Friday, Open on Saturday until 9 o'clock, and Closed all day Easter Monday. FOR YOU WILL PROBABLY WANT ONE FOR THE HOLIDAYS. Don't delay getting an Umbrella if you will be requiring one this season. "Buy it now You will get the whole season's use of it. and get it at a lower price than if you bought it later. We specialise in Umbrellas, both Ladies' and Gents'. Read our prices. Ladies' Umbrellas Ladies' Smart Umbrellas, very neatly, yet substantially, made, next crook handles, and very durable black covers, prices 1/11, 2/3, 2/6, 2/11, Steel Frames, Black Mercerised Covers, 3/U. 4/6, 5/11, 6-1 The New Long-handle Umbrellas, very special value, 6/11, 10/6, 11/6, 12/6, 15/6 Gents Umbrellas Gents' Umbrellas, strong frames, about Black Levantine Covers, knob or crook handles, prices 2/11, 3/6, 4/6, 4/11, 5/11 each Steel Frames, Black Mercerised Cover's, silver-mounted handles, 6/6, 7/6, 8/5, 10/6. X l/l We clear this lot of Fine Quality Ladies' Knitted Sports Coats at 10/6 each. We offer a wonderful variety of colors, including Black, Mole, Grey, Cinnamon, Champagne, Saxe, Navy, Browns, &c.; They are worth considerably more than we are asking for them. Camphor, 6 Blocks for 3d. Pure Japanese Camphor, usually sold at at 3d block, we clear to day at 6 blocks for 3d. LADE SLEEVE FRILLINGS 7d YARD We clear out 20 boxes of Beautiful Quality Sleeve Frillings, with semi-vandyke edge, in Cream only; -this is worth 4s to 11s yard; we deaf it at 7d. yard. JAMES SMITH & COY., 52, 54, HINDLEY-STREET, ADELAIDE. 92 owe as the Queen of Dress Fabrics is the with all its charming lustrous finish; draping exquisitely to suit the clinging fashions of the day yet sold at a price within the reach of all. DO NOT TOLERATE A SUBSTITUTE. Every Yard- you buy should be stamped L'O'U'l'S Ask the Girl where she'd rath <r Sjuy her hat. Ten to one she'll say MILLER'S. West snappy styles that please - at prices within the reach of every purse. ILLE 118 Rundle Street, Adelaide, oPp. The Arcade Large Stock to choose from. Guaranteed for 2 Years. Cash or Terms. 'PHONE 1613. AUSTRALIA'S LEADING CARRIAGE AND MOTOR BUILDERS, 'King of the Road Works," Adelaide. Bring your Repairs. nT £21 10s. Java Medical. "T - THE CRADLES FULL "Bernis or no bonus," says the Hon J Cook, "the country needs to have its cradles full" K book dealing with this subject in a most Informative way, will be appreciated by childless married couples It will he sent free if 2d is removed for- Hostile. Cooney, Medicine. Coy's, Lacks' College of Health (Hon A. R Martin but/ 1. 3!) and 40, Royal Exchange Adelaide Some see its in South Australia for the famous ' Orange Lily Treatment " Established over 40 years -247o\\\ec BABIES are Australia's Best Immigrants In many homes baby does not appear, greatly to the disappointment of husband and wife K book on this matter contains valued information and advice Copies Free if 2d is sent for postage Dept T "Natura" Health Co (Mrs Clifford Bunt), 49, Elizabeth-street, Melbourne Greeley CURL Yourself by Hygienic Methods -A sufferer for years will explain how to get instant relief from Rheumatism, Sciatica, Nervousness, Stiffness. Indigestion, Catarrh, Sleeplessness., is . absolutely free or charge on receipt of stamped envelope Address Health," G P O , Adelaide _ 87101 DRUNKENNESS ~Dr~Slh.iv, Anti Alcoholic, secret or voluntary, register Governments NSW and The safe and sure cure for- home use, particulars free Dr Shaw, test , 123, Collins street, Melbourne 52 111 LADIES -Dr T 4 MrGills (Oniip. Blossom) -SupDomtones, home remo is. no open north Stamp for circular Dr McGill's serve, in idowa' Fund Buildings, Grenfell st. Adelaide SOWTON "NASAL Catarrhal sufferer for over 20 years, after having been under the best medical treatment in this and other States, without receiving any benefit, has discovered a simple remedy, which has proved a permanent cure in his own and other cases. Full particulars will be forwarded on receipt of address and postage. "Genuine," 119, Angas st, Adelaide. S5ovvocx87c T. G. STORER, Herbalist, PARK-STREET, HYDE PARK. THE SUCCESSFUL HERBALIST. For Catarrh, Asthma, Consumption. Rheuma Item, Constipation, Indigestion, Nerve Pains, Eczema, Bladder. Kidneys, Liver and Womb Troubles. Call or write to-day for particulars. Free. 200vvicr207c HERR RASSMUSSEN, the Celebrated Danish Herbalist, and Pre-eminent Nerve and Blood Specialist, whose VITALITY PILLS will permanently cure all Nervous Disorders and restore Vigor, Vitality, and Manhood to all who are run down, weakened, or depressed from excesses, worry, overwork, or any other cause. His BLOOD CURE. PILLS will speedily cure any Blood or Skin Disorder, and expel every particle of any old Constitutional Blood Taint from the system. Special Powerful Courses (50 days' treatment), 43,6; ordinary courses, 23s; smaller bottles, 126 and 82 each. The smallest bottle will prove the genuineness of the Remedy, which has stood a 25 years' successful test. Advice Free. Write or call to-day and note address-HERR RAS MUSSEN, Danish Herbalist, 126, Gawler- place, Adelaide. lOScxTSc WASTELL & CO., Chemists. 86, KING WILLIAM-STREET. Truss Specialists NURSERY CREAM. Children's Pomade for the Head. Kills Nits and Heals Sores, 13, 2/6, and 3/0; Kit Comb, 6d. extra. L The system should be thoroughly cleansed, and every poisonous taint removed. ENEMAS and all Rubber Goods. _233eowc INFLUENZA AND ALL FEVERISH COLDS CURED IN U HOURS by using WASTELLS SPECIFIC Price 2/6. Posted 8/8. TOO FAT. PR. BARDSLEY'S Positive Cure for CORPUs LENCY, American Genteel Pills. Price, 19 and 10/ a. box. W. WASTELL & CO., CHEMISTS. 88, KING WILLIAM-STREET. DR. BARDSLEY'S PASTILLES FOR BRONCHITIS, COUGHS, ASTHMA, AND THAT IRRITABLE COUGH. invaluable to Singers and Speakers. PRICE, 1/6 per box. DR. BARDSLEY'S ELIXIR OF LIFE The Great Nerve and Brain Tonic and Body Builder. Cures all Nervous Diseases, Locomotor Ataxia, Rheumatism. Sciatica, Neuralgia, Paralysis, Melancholia, Mental Worry, Pale and Sallow Complexion. Sole Agent, W. WASTELL & CO., 86, King William-street. Price. 5/8 and 138 per Bottle. 231, two E. H. S. COOMBE'S PHARMACY. East-street and Port-road, Hindmarsh, S.A. Country orders are executed and forwarded on the day they are received. Medicines can be forwarded to any part of the state by rail or post. Write for List. 13sec WORKS IN NEGLECTED t 9 -am- "VE" A. 3EÇ, JA 'JO g Should you have any of au of the for- S lowing symptoms it is advisable to use "OZONIA" immediately: A feeling of heaviness in the nose and head. Difficulty in breathing except through the mouth. Constant clearing of the throat and spit- ting. Sore throat and attacks of sneezing. Noises in the head and ears. . "OZONIA" will soon restore the organs to their normal condition, and enable them to per- form their functions properly. "OZONIA" gives instant relief, and is a quick and easy way of curing Nasal Catarrh, Hay Fever, irritated arid Sore Throat, Ear Acne, Noises in the Head and Ear, Dis- charges from the Far, Stuffy Feeling in the Nose and Throat. Death's from Catarrh, Hoarseness. Sore and Inflamed Eyes, &c.; ' 1 Oxonia is sold by all Chemists, price I 1/6, or from Ozonia, Ltd., 72, Goulburn- X street, Sydney, and 472, Little Collins- jj street, Melbourne, Postage 6d. extra. S 73v.-:65 SECRET CASES ONE SHILLING Patent Medicines: cam big profits. On the authority of analysis made by the British Medical Association we learn the ingredients, composing a famous Kidney Complaint Itemed), 2 0 bottle, cost is to make a celebrated Hair Wash, 4/6 bottle, would cost you Id to make it home if you know what secret ingredients to buy For 1 I will send the formula based upon analysis made by the British Medical "Association of almost any advertised preparation, excepting remedie b for purely women's ailments. application for such pr scriptions will under no circumstances be cr ter tuned 1 an prepared to until v the formula for making more widely advertised Hair Dyes and Washes. Complexion Beautifiers, Cures for Head aches, Dea'ncss, Indigestion, Constipation, Piles, Rheumatism, Gout, I eczema, other skin affections. Blood PunBers, Coughs, Cold- Catarrh, Kidney, Li er Complaints, Nervous ailments, Nerve Tomes, Alcoholism. As to* 1 offer no remedies of my ov ". but if you are in the habit of buying adv r t sed preparations such as the above I will send you the guaranteed formula of time in accordance with analyses made" by the British Medical ASC ciation. TO that you may easily- make the prepara- tion voiced it home at the cost of a few pence, where now without the formula you are spending pounds Send the lame of remedy For road u, of which you require with Postal Note, 26, to { EDWARDS, 25, Dundas place, Albert Park, South Melbourne, Vic Sowton Big G Borated Goldanseal Coiapoimd ' A safe and reliable remedy' for treating: diseases of ALL" j mucous membranes, such as j discharges fromthenose.throat stomach and urinary organs. AT CHEMISTS WJre net air yourself Theatre with each bottle ] war mailed on request. The Evans Chemical Co. Cincinnati, Ohio DUPLICATE BILLHEAD CHECK BOOKS. -? specially adapted for Drapers. Storekeepers, and Retailers generally Circulars. Sale B Us. War do.- Tickets and every description of Printing executed at Moderate Charges and with the utmost dispatch. J. L. BOSTTTOOS & CO., Contracted as General Printers, sweater oats. Adela, . DISEASED When the kidneys are ill they POISON the Blood instead of purifying it, just as a poisoned filter poisons the water that passes through it. For the blood is continually streaming through the filtering tubes of the kidneys, to be relieved of its fluid waste and uric acid poison. But when the kidneys are weak or diseased, they begin to lose their power of extracting the poisons from the blood. Then you begin to feel unnaturally drowsy and heavy-the limbs get stiff and shaky - your back aches, your head aches- the water is wrong - there is sediment or gravel you may have dropsical swellings about the eyes or at the ankles. Day by day hour by hour the kidneys grow weaker and weaker, until the whole system becomes saturated with kidney poisons, and at last uraemia or the fatal Bright's disease sets in. The only way to stop this fatal poisoning of the blood is to get your kidneys well Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are solely for the kidneys and bladder. They clear the whole system of kidney poison, and keep the kidneys and bladder active. In cases of retention and dropsy, they promote a free flow of urine, draining out the water that collects in the cavities and causes pufBness and bloating. They discharge the bladder irritants which keep the urinary system in a constant state of discomfort. Read your neighbor's experiences in the next column. ADELAIDE TESTIMONY. Mrs. J. N. Gordon, Fifth-street, Bowden, Adelaide, says:-"Foryears-I have been a sufferer from kidney trouble, and at times the pains in my back and sides were so severe that I could not do my housework. The secretions were weak and irregular, which caused me a great annoyance, especially at night time; and after a restless, sleepless night I would get up feeling tired and worn-out. However, Doan's Backache Kidney Pills proved excellent, They cured the backache and regulated the secretions in fact, I have been been better in every way since taking them." Thirteen years later Mrs. Gordon says : " I am pleased to state now that I am still free of backache and every distressing symptom of disordered kidneys. I need say no more ; my lasting cure of thirteen years is proof that Doan's Backache Kidney Pills permanently cure kidney trouble." 2S. gd. a bottle (six bottles 15s. 3d.). Of all chemists and storekeepers-, or post free direct from Foster McC and Co., 76 Pitt street, Sydney BE SURE YOU GET THE GENUINE 'S PILLS. Free SS -S" Most Famous Sliding Cord Brace in the World Sola Eoaymhen 21 Get'!To^U,ne "says Guaranteed DUPLEX Most be Stamped on Backed To those who have never had a fountain pen or expect more of a pen than others have given-try a It is a pen which answers every requirement of the most exacting. First and foremost, it writes instantly with never a miss or blot-that is what a writer must have. It may be carried anyhow without fear of leaking. It withstands somewhat careless usage. SOLD BY ALL STATIONERS AND JEWELLERS. Catalogues Free on request. HABO,TODI> & CO., London, W.C. and Sr anches. Australian Branch (Wholesale only J. A. Burke, 15 Waltham Buildings, 24 Bond Street, Sydney. DI The Coffee Maid of Symington's, sayxt " To make Coffee in a minute, and to serve it at its best, Take a teaspoonful of Symington's boiling water does the rest" 