OF RURAL INTEREST (By 'Rusticus.') The action of the Minister of Lands and the Minister of Agriculture in the direction of taking stops to check the inroads of the pest known as St. John's Wort in the Beecliworth and Bright districts is timely and necessary. Very large areas of valuable country are being devastated. In order to cope with tho pest and hold . it in check, the Ministers have decided to' ask tho co- operation of the municipali ties concerned in first of all ascertain ing the actual area infected, whether it is privately held, or is on pub lic roads or Crown lands. Immedi ately the information from the muni cipalities is received officers will be sent tip to complete the investiga tion as to the infected area. At the same itime, officers of the Agricultu ral department will bo told off to in vestigate and report on the proper re medies to bo adopted. On. receipt of all tho information the two Ministers rill submit recommendations to the Cabinet. The hope of the im migration v autho rities now appeal's to lie in getting British lads as farm workers. Most of the 288 lads who arrived by the steamer Port Macquarie were engaged promptly for work on farms in various parts of the State. Many of the lads had deposited small sums with the London authorities before commencing i lie voyage. This money-was remitted vo tho State Treasury, aud an officer ?aid over the amounts due to tlioso having a little capital behind them. Facilities were provided to enable the ^ young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of tne opportunity of commencing a mud which one day they hoped would be sufficient to purcnase a block of land from* the State . With few ex ceptions, tho hoys are all of good phy sique. * They come from all parts ot Great Britain. Another batch of 210 lads for farm work is due to ar rive by the steamer Irishman on lit., i May. In order that the nest con tingent of lads might be cleared with as little delay as possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious that farmers requiring labor should for ward early advice. ' The sub-committeo of the State Cabinet on whose advice it was decided to abandon the Malfra Sugar Beet Factory, do not appear to have got properly acquainted with the real feeling in the district towards the in dustry. This was proved by the par ticulars given by ithe deputation which waited on the Minister of Agriculture. The members proved that the decision to close down the factory had been utken prematurely. The Argentine correspondent of the 'Pastoral Review,' writing on Decem ber 20th, says that 'all the meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia aro in full swing, and the competition for our cattle and sheep is just what our stock-owners are thoroughly enjoying. Siicli splendid prices as they are get ting were not dreamed of twenty years ago. Reports of new meat works in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and Patagonia are rife. The future of the wonderful cattle country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should be excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lands are being secured . by Xorih American and British capitalists, and stud cattle aro being introduced. There is life and excitement in these countries at last. Railways and capi tal will do the rest.' Stock prices for freezing are quoted as follows: — Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 21/ to 26/3, good 19/3 to 21/; -owes, good to speoial 21/10 to 27/1; merino wethers, special 19/10 to '21/, good 17/6 to 19/3; merino ewes, good and special 21/ to 22/6,; steers, £11/14/ to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and hei fers, £(5/11/ to £9 151 . In tho many districts the plough can bo seen at work ou the stubblo pad docks. With the high prices that have ruled for stock in the past, it is only natural that sheep-owners v ill turn their attention to providing sheep feed in tho winter and early spring months. There can be little doubt that the 'G art on' or 'Abundance*' oat is tho most particular one for all round purposes of this kind. It can be sown with satisfactory results in both autumn and spring, and it pro vides grain of the best quality with straw of more than avefage quality . When used for sheep feed in che early stages of growth, the Garton oat is found ty be particularly palatabio to sheep. In one test this oat was eaiten first out of 16 varieties tried. It is found, however, that after f fad- ing down tho oat does not come away again as do some of tho other -varieties of oat, and it is therefore not iargely used ior autumn sown sheep feed. In some districts in New Zealand, the Algerian oat is used fairly extensively. Algerians are found to be very .atis fact-ory for providing' winter feed, and then, after spring leeding, if allo.vxl to grow for seed they give good re turns. They appear to excel most oats on light soil, and although the grain is ooarse and unsuitable for mil ling, yet when . the sheaves aro cut vexy goud chaff is obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, and is particularly free from rust. The Dun oat is another very popular va riety, and when sown early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feed throughout the win ter and spring. Further, if it is in tended to be cut for gram it can be fed later in the spring than any other variety. Sometimes sheep are left on the crop till ' the end of October, and then as muoli as 50 and GO bushels per acre threshed at harvest. The Dun oat tillers strongly, and although lothe eye there does not appear to he much bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty to keep them going for some time. Duns appear to do better when kept well fed do\yn, as in most seasons they grow long weak straw which soon lod ges in wet weather. Many farmers still stick, by the Danish oat' for . all round purposes. These oats certainly provide good green feed, and stanu feeding well, Besides providing satisfac tory grain and chaff. In a recent address, Prof. T. L. Haecker, of the Minnesotta College of Agriculture, showed how the milk pro duction per cow had baen increased in Minnesota in tho past twenty years from .2800 lb. per oow. per ' year -.. to 4000,1b., the butter from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb., oi? an increase of near- | ]y 3 lb. of butter per cow per yeas/ after twenty years. Ho also1 gave facts and figures deducted/from a cow cen-' sus, showing that the averago produc tion of _ butter-fat per cow depended not so muoh on breed as on the care and feed -given the cow. The mills production,, in other words, was in the same ratio with .ths amount^of intelli gence expended on the herd. Experi ments demonstrated that from a cottj mon-c'ow tlie care determined whethei she produced- 100 'lb. of 300 lb of but ter m a year. ? ~ A new wheat is reported from the Jamestown district, South .Australia, Of 'five acres sown, two acres were cut. for hay, and returned six tons, and tlie remainder, stripped for grain, yielded 39 bags, which -represented an average of about 40 bushels to the aore. . The wheat originally was introduced from the Orange River Colony, South Af rica, and is reputed to mature very early, as well as having droughtresist ing qualities. 