ANGLOMANIA, GERMANOPHOBIA AND NORTOMANIA. Jabs, Jobs, and Jolts for "Justice." Before leaving Sydney for Perth I received the following letter, which I've read and re-read in order to judge whether it merits publication. I think it does. Although it is anony- mous like all such communications, and the writer is evidently suffering from the well-known complaint of Nor- tomania, his epistle is so curious and his views about Norton and Norton's alleged doings and imputed opinions, he shall have his reply. Here's this Nortomaniac's letter, "verbatim et literatim":— John Norton, "Truth," King-street, Sydney. You won't publish this, but it is some satisfaction to tell you what I think of you. You are a dirty disloyal dog, and it is ten thousand pities the patriotic soldier sons of Austra- lia did not do for you and your pre- cious paper when they besieged you lately in your Melbourne office a few weeks ago. Ever since you upset the late Queen Victoria's Jubilee meeting at the Sydney Town Hall, and at the head of a dirty, disloyal mob, drove Mayor Riley, the Pre- mier, Sir Henry Parkes, the Chief Justice, Sir Alfred Stephen, and a score of other citizens off the plat- form, you have been a disloyalist, as the Sydney "Daily Telegraph" pro- claimed you to be at the time when it published your portrait at the time. You libelled the late Queen, and in your paper in an article which your own wife said you wrote while you were drunk, and only escaped penal servitude by the skin of your teeth because the jury would not put the country to the cost of keeping such a creature in prison for the term of his natural life. You a proper person to run down Germans and to libel the rulers of England as Germans. Why a jury found you guilty of murdering your German friend, poor old George Grohn, al- though you were not tried for it. Why the loyal political parties and the military censors permit you to rave and rant against English royal- ty and their German relatives I don t know, except that as usual you are paid to do it, and those authori- ties are afraid to tackle you be- cause they live in glass houses, and you might throw stones. It is a pity Dick Meagher did not finish you when he clubbed you in King-street that time. Nobody would have missed you, those least who know you best, and least of all your own family. But your time is coming as sure as the Kaiser's; and you can take it from me that you will before long be knocked out physical- ly, financially, legally, and all of a heap, as you have already been poli- tically. I don't pretend to be a prophet; but I am telling the truth which you never do except by acci- dent which is not often. So you had better look out and peg out as soon as you can muster up courage to commit hari-kari before the ven- geance of justice overtakes you as it is certain before long.— Yours to a Cinder, JUSTICE. "Justice" scarcely does himself justice in the foregoing incoherent and inconsequential epistle. He, or she (or is it both a she and a he sought to be concealed under the an omalous anonyme of "Justice?"), does not display sufficient skill in the at- tempt to conceal his or her identity. We think we recognise the fine Roman hand of an old friend in the composi- tion, not to speak of the "style" of this curious compilation of malice and mendacity, and the still finer hand of the female friend that put the type- writer in motion. It is not necessary to resent or retort sheer personalities coming from cowardly correspondents, stalking behind anononymes and typewriters, whose identity is no mystery, and whose motives are known. There is only one portion of this cowardly communication that calls for comment, and it is that contained in a few phrases charging me with dis- loyalty, with abusing royalty and its German relations, and with running down the Germans. As for being "a dirty disloyal dog," that all depends upon what is meant. Better be a dirty, disloyal dog than a loyal cringing cur. But I'm neither phy- sically dirty nor politically disloyal. I bath daily, and diligently soap, scrub, and dry-rub my cuticle. I bathe and swim in the sea several times a week, and often sleep in the water. There is loyalty and dis- loyalty, as there are persons, institutions, and things worthy of the first, and others only deserving the last. It is dishonorable and degrad- ing to be loyal to what is unworthy, as it is honorable and ennobling to be loyal to what is worthy. Nothing can be worthy that is not good and great and true, and "pro bono pub- lico." But if I am .disloyal I can be censored, censured, punished; but so far neither police, politicians, nor cen- sors have thought fit to do the one or to attempt the other—of late. On the contrary, the civil and military au- thorities are able and willing, if call- ed upon, to testify that the manner in which "Truth" has been conducted since the outbreak of this awful war has caused them less trouble and an- xiety in all the Australian States in which "Truth" is published, and in New Zealand, where it is also publish- ed and widely circulated, than any other of the more perfervid "patri- otic" papers, daily or weekly—some of whose profuse protestations of loyalty have become positively nauseating. I never libelled the late Queen Vic- toria, although corrupt political par- tisans, whom I had libelled, corruptly conspired to criminally prosecute me for seditiously libelling that royal old lady, of whom I never wrote or spoke an undeserved disloyal or even dis- respectful word. All I did was to chal- lenge her parsimony and to chide her proneness to favor her German rela- tives to the detriment of Englishmen, and to subordinate British interests to German influences. This I did in an articde which was recognised as a thoroughly loyal and patriotic one, which aroused much at- tention, and evoked widespread ap- proval among people of all classes, creeds, and shades of politics. Of course, my political persecutors failed to get a jury to convict me. That particular article is so often being re- called and referred to just now, that I propose to reprint and republish it in an early issue of "Truth" throughout the whole Common- wealth of Australia, and the Do- minion of New Zealand for the plea- sure and profit of the younger Austra- lian generation, and many thousands of immigrants, born and imported since the article was first published. I have never abused royalty. I have criticised and condemned the characters and conduct of some royal- ties, English and foreign. Naturally no one who knew anything reliable about the late Victoria, either in her public or private capacity, could ad- mire or even respect her as a monarch— worthy, as she was as woman, wife, and mother. She was a reac- tionary ruler, and it required all the power of popular Pre- miers like Palmerston and Gladstone to put her and keep her in her proper place and compel her to rule constitu- tionally. Moreover, as a sovereign she was a shirker, and failed to carry out her part of the constitutional con- pact with the People and Parliament. She drew the pay, but shirked the work. For full twenty-five years Queen Victoria was nothing better than a morose, money-grubbing malingerer. After the death of her German hus- band, the Prince Consort (Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha) Victoria shut herself up from her people, and vir- tually abdicated the functions of the Crown, devoting her whole time and attention to sordid scrimping, scrap- ing, and saving. Her private fortune was huge. Yet she gave little or nothing away, even to charity, except to her German relations. These German paupers swarmed in and about her Court like big, buzzing blue-bottle blowflies in a butcher's shop, blighting and tainting every- thing they touched. While scrimping and saving for such unpatriotic or, at any rate, un-British purposes, she was constantly adding to her hoarded mil- lions by at least half a million annually from her Civil Last, and other sources, granted by Par- liament for the upkeep of the royal state, and to defray the cost of dis- charging functions and performing duties which she never did discharge or perform during the last twenty-five years of her long, and for this latter portion of it, useless life. In a most unconscionable and uncon- stitutional way she threw the whole work and cost of the monarchial func- tions upon the late King Edward, then Prince of Wales, without in any way indemifying him out of her great an- nual Civil List grant, and enormous private fortune. Several semi- mil- lionaires had bequeathed to her their private fortunes, which she grabbed with both hands and gripped for herself with all the tenacity of a miserable miser. What the amount of her fortune was during her life-time, or at the time of her death, the English people from whom it was derived were never told. It was supposed to have totalled upwards of ten millions sterling. Not a dollar did she devise to the nation, or a cop- per to charity. The bulk of this colossal fortune went to her parasitical German relations, who, thanks to her patronage and protection, had been fattening and battening on the British taxpayers as pensioners or sinecurists, as many of them are doing down to the present day. As for my running down the Ger- mans, and libelling the rulers of Eng- land as Germans, I've never done, either the one or the other, as neither would be pleasant or profitable. It is true that I never have been reconciled to the idea that England should have to import Dutchmen and Germans to rule over them. The thought is hu- miliating to an Englishman, while the fact has not been an unmitigated boon, but at best little better than a bad bargain. The "Widow Wettin," —as the late Queen Victoria was some- times designated after her real family name—was never English in head or heart, in manners, or methods; she was German born and bred, and only hap- pened to be birthed on British soil by virtue of what has been described as a natal accident pre-arranged by her shrewd German mother, the Duchess of Kent, who had married the German son of that mad German King of Eng- land George III., who wrote that he was proud to call himself "a Britain! " This was the "British" Monarch to whom Britons own the loss of the best half of the Empire, the North Amerian Colonies, now the United States. What I have objected against the German rulers of England is not their nationality, but their preference to German interlopers over British citi- zens. I don't blame Germans, be they princes, peers, or plebeians, for taking advantage of such preference; they are parasites and do but after their kind, and as English parasites do and ever will do when they get the chance. What I do blame is the pre- sence on the English throne of rulers of German origin, with such strong predilections for Germans and things German, as to constrain them to prefer Germans before Englishmen in posi- tions of high public trust and large emolument; and to perversely promote German public interests and policy as against British interests and policy. Queen Victoria was remarkable, but in no sense singular, for her German preferences indulged in by her to the perpetual prejudice of her British sub- jects. But was she altogether to blame? No, not altogether. Her par- ents were German; her husband was German, her nearest relations and dear- est friends were German. She spoke German for the most part, except on rare State occasions, when she tried to speak English, and only succeeded in doing so with great difficulty and a pronounced German accent. Her hus- band no more than she could speak English correctly without a strong Ger- man idiom and accent. None of her children could speak English without a German twang. Even the late King Edward the Seventh's English smacked somewhat of the "sauerkraut;" while that of all his brothers and sis- ters savoured of the sausage. The late Queen married many of her numerous children, and still more numerous German nieces and nephews and German cousins, to Germans. Therefore, it is no wonder that her sympathies were really rather German than English. Her eldest daughter is the mother of the present German Kaiser, who, therefore, is lineally the real heir to the British throne. For- tunately for England and Englishmen, England's monarchy is a constitu- tional one, and not a military despot- ism like that of Germany. Thus the oldest living direct descendant of Queen Victoria finds himself shut out from his presumptive maternal heri- tage of the British Crown. Then look at the scandalous case of the second son of Queen Victoria, the late scallawag, renegade German Duke of Edinburgh. What did he do? When he found it profitable to do it, he re- nounced his acquired British birth- right, citizenship, honors, offices, titles, and emoluments, foreswore his allegi- ance to Britain, and went over to Germany, to assume the title and take possession of the Ger- man heritage of his German father, the late Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the German husband of Queen Victoria, and known as the Prince Consort. Is it any wonder when such things could be and happen, that Ger- man parasites and pensioners should swarm the British sovereign's court, and that the Army and Navy in their highest and most responsible positions, should be monopolised by Germans to the exclusion of capable, loyal, brave and patriotic native-born Britons— English, Irish, Scotch, and Welsh? No wonder at all. The wonder of it all is that German influences did not predominate more than they did and still do, and to the extent of placing the present Kaiser in his grandmother's place on the throne of England. When we can see one of the foreign-born German morganatic Battenberg brood permitted to hold the position of First Sea Lord of the British Navy, nothing ought to have been im- possible to a German in England. All this may seem very disloyal to such altruistic odmahauns and loyal flag- flappers as Hindoohindough 'Enley, but it has the slight merit of being more English than German. I for one can see no patriotism in an Englishman being more German than English. Choice having to be made, I prefer to be pro- English rather than pro-Boer. A man who can't find anything to admire and love in his own country, and who does not feel compelled to prefer her before all others, first and last, is next door to being a malcontent if not a downright traitor. This oblation laid on the altar of British patriotism, it has to be said that such sound senti- ments do not necessarily require the sacrifice of Anglo-sentiment at a Ger- man shrine, or the condonation of the un-English conduct and anti-British policy of German- bred rulers of Eng- land—the late King Edward and the present Sovereign alone excepted. Students of mid-Victorian political history and close observers of mid-Vic- torian Court Life, know what a hot-bed of pro-German policy and anti-English intrigues the English Court became during the life time of the interloping interfering German husband of Queen Victoria. While he lived, Lord Palmer- ston kept the Prince Consort in his place; later on, but in a less peremp- tory manner, Gladstone. But Lord John Russell, Palmerston's Minister for Foreign Affairs, was a pro-German pander, because he was a pander to the pro- German prejudices of the German-bred Queen of England and her German husband. It is only now that England is at war with Germany that Englishmen are willing to believe in and to listen to the oft-repeated story of the insidious intrusion of Ger- man influence into British Court life and politics. A startling revelation has been made public lately by Lord Redesdale in the National Review of last October. In an article entitled "St. Petersburg in 1863-4," Lord Redesdale points out how the pro-German predilections of the English Court, the Queen, and her German consort, together with the pro-German panderings of Lord John Russell, were responsible for the un- opposed annexation of Danish Schles- wig by Prussia, and consequently, for the endowing of Germany for the first time with an ample and invulnerable naval seaboard harbor in which to build, dock, and shelter a fleet as Ger- many is now doing in Kiel harbor. England was expected by Russia and the Danes themselves to offer armed resistance to the seizure of Schleswig and its spacious and safe harbor of refuge: England did nothing of the kind. Thanks to the pro-German pre- judices of Queen Victoria and her German husband, strengthened and backed up by those of her pro-German Minister for Foreign Affairs, this ruthless act of Prussian aggression was winked at and allowed to be com- mitted and consummated without oppo- sition or protest from England, at a time when England's undoubted and unchallenged maritime supremacy would have enabled her to prevent the seizure of Schleswig by Prussia. A formal, but firm, protest from Eng- land would have prevented the catas- trophe. That protest was not made, owing to the pro-German proclivities of the then Queen of England and her German husband and the pro-German panderings of Lord Russell, the then Minister for Foreign Affairs. In his article dealing with the crisis which had arisen in 1863-4 over the question of the two Danish Duchies of Schleswig and Holstein on the mainland. Lord Redesdale, himself an old diplomatist, thus sums up the at- titude of the English Court and the English Foreign Office:— Foreign statesmen knew that Lord Palmerston was now grown old. He was no longer the doughty cham- pion of the Don Pacifico days, when he electrified the House of Com- mons and the world with the fam- ous "Civis Romanus sum" speech: Moreover, he was hampered by the shufflings of his Foreign Secretary; and in the background was the Queen (Victoria), never a negligible quantity in Foreign Affairs, whom all men knew to be a strong ally of Germany, and still animated by the spirit of the dead Prince Consort, who naturally felt with Germany. Read what the Prince Consort. wrote to the King of Prussia on March 12th, 1861: "My hope, like that of most German patriots, rests upon Prussia, rests upon you." (Life of the Prince Consort, vol. v., p. 314). Those words in the mouth of the Prince (a German) were in- telligible enough, but why should Lord Russell (English Minister for Foreign Affairs) be a German patriot? He was a "German patriot" because he was an English toady to German royalty. In another and shorter article it will be shown how German influence at the English Court and in English poli- tics has been mainly responsible for the building of the German Fleet, and the possession of that strong, safe harbor of Kiel, wherein it now secure- ly lies "Bottled-up," it is true, but derisively defying the stronger British Fleet to dig it out—even as I defy "Justice," be it a he or a she or "a bit of both," to draw me out further than I have deigned to be drawn in this article. Let the dirty dog now return to his vomit, along with the sow to her wallowing in the mire. JOHN NORTON. Perth, Wednesday, December 9th, 1914. 