NEWS OF THE DAY. n.MS. Otranto, with English mails to 3lith April, arriveil r.t Adelaide yesterday. Tite Melbourne p'tlbm of her mails was rent on by special train, nnd should lie ilelivi red litre this morning. j When framing the State Ministerial policy for suhmiwion t-> the country' -tl the general elections, the Cabinet will give particular prominence to educational de velopment. It lias already been agreed that in the course nf the next two year about £500.0(4) shall l>c cxjxwdcd in the j construction of row school building: and 1 the Minister of I'tfb'ie Works is devoting! particular attention to a lighter ela«« of j building for stibtiriM ami country dj#irict«. a a mnilt of which it is believed th it the money will be spent fj far better advan tage. One of the developments which ! munt inevitably lie rensiilered by the Minis try is the provision of junior technical schools. It is realised by the Minister of Kduration that the extension of the train ing o'f young people in this direction lias a certain direct bearing on the problem of dealing with the excess of unskilled labor rvhieh forms ,i large proportion of the un employed. Application for junior tech nical school htvebeen received from manv direction, and on Haturilay Afr. Murray. Chief Secretary, jiitrmlucvd to Sir .Alexan der I Vac. irk a deputation from Warrnam- bonl shire council, which a skill that a junior technical school should be provided at W.irmamlwoi in onier to complete the educational yn!om. This, tln-y raid, could 1h» done hy the appointment of an engineer ing instntclor to the twhnie.il school and two teacher for the junior school; and they estimated that the actual cent to the Government would be only alwut £400 iht annum. Sir Alexamler IVieoek 4-xprtnse.l very keen sympathy with the proposal and promises lo recommend it to Cabinet. Memlier of lite Legislative Assembly who new fmiuent the Slate public otliees in tho service of tlieir constituents and in view of the approaching elections at dis cussing the ptvsihle surecrior to the Chair manship of Committee.. The name of tins candidate t<> he submitted by tite Minister ial tLirty will ik: decided on at a meeting of member to lie held towards the opening of the teoion. The date of thi meeting will probably iv fixed by the Cabinet on Wnlmnlay. While Messrs. Howser and Dtifi'ii. of the Ministerialist, and .Mcrtrrs. Outtrira anil Solly, i»f the Op;>osition, acted a IX-puty Chairman of Committee last sesiion, Mr. M-ieki-y ha been approached hy certain member on the question of suik mitting himself a a candidate, and other name nr'ge»ted among the Ministry' up. potter are thore of Mnwrs. Ar.-yle and Gray. It has Ikcii suggested that the lat ter might with some itdv.tnt.ige surrender his position of honorary Minuter if put forvani ro, the Miniterial eaudidate for the ehiirinamihiji. Some time ago Mr. Hampoon, M L.A , ileelared ilut he had liecn informed of a secret understanding between the SLite Mimntry and the private injur- anro rempanii-, 10 the end tliat the laltor would not suffer hy the estab lishment of the State insurance office. Now Mr. llatnpson point to the statement of Mr. I). N. Trenery, preiident of the In- tiiiam,. Insiitnto of Victoria, to tite efTeet that the companies have the ti.ssiir.uice of the IVemicr that tie- Ministry has no in tention of cutting ihe r.itisi of premium to an unprjliul'le level. "My attention has been direet.il to the statement of Mr. Ttvuery," suid Mr. Watt on Saturday. "I have bad no eottmmrii.alion whatever with him or anyone luyoci.itdl with the coin- panic; nn«l I have never given any -usmtr- anee. I am not entitled to deal with tho question, apart from the Cabinet, oi how the Ministry shall nuke it rate. The Ministry has not yet considered the que, lion, hut it propovn to <n R0 when review ing Mr. A. M. I.ttigliion's report at the meeting of the Cabinet next week." The officer of the Immigration Unreal) are complimenting themselves on the fact that in little |e- than a week they have H-ttred positions with farmers for the (100 immigrant boys who arrived from Great Britain on Wednesday laid on the steamer Indrapura. Preparation are notv being made to deal with future contingents. On the steamer Dorda, a new vessel of the P. and 0. branch line's fleet, are 132 immi grants. These arc expected to arrive in Melbourne on 13th June. They include a settlor, 10 farm worker, 02 domestic ser vants, 8 hoy and 5 nominated passengers. The steamer Makitrini will arrive on the following day with a party of M?S, of whom only three are settler ami 01 farm worker. The remainder comprise 101 nominated pas sengers, 3(1 domestics uud 212 boy. If suffi cient application are rcceivi-d from any one district the domestics will be distri buted in thu country. The attitude of the State Premier, when he received the deputation of hint! owners At St. Aniaud regarding land tax valua tion, ilid net please all the member of the deputation. Mr. J. Smith, sp.nking at a meeting of the St. Arnattd Agricultural Society on Friday, took Mr. Watt very much to task over the matter. In reply ing to the c< nauro of Mr. Smith, Mr. Wwtt remarked or Saturday, "Ihero was one© in American- author who dedicated his nook lo Smith because lie thought that every man to.wjiom u book was ' dedicated would buy, a copy, it ia impofiriblc for me to be lighting every Mr. Smith who has views different from mine, for if I did I ahottld be an even busier matt than I am at present. The majority of the deputation at St. Arnattd seemed to be satisfied with my statement of the position." Tasmanian member of the Federal Par liament are desirous of having permanent divisional returning oll'tvcra in the island Suite, the Mtne as on the mainland, and they have urged Senator M'Coll, who is in charge <rf the Electoral Department, to take steps in that direction. The Vice- President of the Executive Council has in formed them that the Government's origi nal intention was to appoint stteh ofiicerH in nil the States, but that the Tastnanian authorities, who work hand in hand with the Commonwealth in (lie administration of electoral matters, intimated that the appointments wo.re not necessary as far ns that State was concerned. The view was expressed by the members that the objection ivns based entirely on financial grounds, and tliat it could be overcome. .Senator M'Coll lias consequently agreed to communicate with the Tastnanian Govern ment to sec if a satisfactory arrangement can he made. A decision was arrived at by the Minister for External Affairs some necks ago to assist in the devi-lopuient of tlu- Matanhoy lin field, in the Northern Territory, by the erect inn of a ten-head stamp battery. On Saturday Mr. Glynn announced that, the battery was to be supplied by Thompson and ( 'oni(siny, of Castlcmainc, for the mint of .CllDft. Contracts amounting to £232tl have also Item given tn the Austral Otis Engineering Co., of Melbourne, for boilers and other plant for the same field, while reveral other 'Melliounio firms have partici pated in a lesser degree. Among the ten ders accepted hy the Department for Home Affnirr. was one by William Sinclair, of Garton-stnit, Nortii Carlton, for the orec t:on of a drill hall in that suburb. The amount involvnl is £105">. and the work has to be completed by 21et August next. Preparation are now in full swing for the taking over by the Commonwealth of the lighthouse systems of the various States, and it is anticipated that the trans fer will take place within the next few months. The system of coastal lighting recommended by Commander Brewis is being gradually introduced, and the Minis ter of Customs announceil on Saturday that, in order to enable constructional work to proceed, tenders had been ac- cepted for the supply of two ketches. The auxiliary ketch Forbes Brothers, including copper sheathing, had been purchased from W. Ward, of Newcastle, for £2900, and the ketch Alcairo. without engine or copper sheathing, had been obtained from W. F. Casey, of Hobart, for £1900. Has Typolhctie changed it sqiots and tite Master Printer' Association its skin ? The question is troubling the non- combine printer of Melbourne just now. for it is known tlmt, in consequence of tite revela tions mailt- by "The Age" and triumph antly endorsed before thg Inter-ritate Com- mixoon. i tic printers' combine is rcvis'.ias its arrangement with the paper houses. Tite question, however, must remain un- in -ver.il a little longer, for it was oilivi- nliv announced on Friday that the revis ion of tin- "arrangement" is nut compicto. und negotiations are mill proceeding. It iras rumored that tlio lulx-r house would substitute for the existing .iisentuinalioii in price l>o twee n "combine" ami "mm- I'ombine" i>rinters for the sante quality and quantity of goal a secret discount or re- (tule system. Ilut this is strenuously dre : tii.il by all concerned. It is known that I the Watt Government' Anti-Trust Bill ; will penalise discriminating discount and I rebates, as well as discrmrinaling jcicen. In the meantime the non-combine print.- f . I are on the alert, anil mean to expose every | move of their iwwerful antagonists. Mr. W. I). Scott, superintendent of im migration for the Government of Canada, is at present paying one of hi periodical visits to Ig>mion in connection with thu work of his licjiartment. ilr. Scott ha had 25 years' experience i.f imnr'gration work, and sneak with authority. lie My tliat the reduction in the volume of I migration to Canada for the lira', two | months of thi year ws due to the filiate I rial stringency lately felt in Canada. It I only affected the general migration, .not I the clam of settler that Canada was asi:- 1 ing for—farmer, farm laborer and ilo- frantic servant. These, he states, are still coming, not only in good numU-r. hut of excellent type. There has been a reduction it. the number of artisans and mechanic a compared .with the figures of the past fen year, but that is what, ilr. Scott asserts, the Canadian Government Ita been trying to bring about It has been realised by the State Minis- try that one of the defects of the closer settlement imlicy is the inexperience of a very marked proportion of the new settlers. It it with the object of remedy ing thi aral of liringiug modern develop- mi-nt in farming method under the at tention of small fanner that the Minister of Agriculture ha wilmritted to the Cabi net the ihwitabiliiv of aiqiointiog instruc tors aud lecturer to various part of the State. The Minister is securing tho np|«)infm-'nt of two lecturer to travel through the malice district anil advise farmers on method of fallowing nnd pre- jwring the lanif for cultivation. The offi cers are to co-uperate with the agricultural so-.-ietie. trim have lieeii asked to appoint an advisory boanl. Sir. Hut'-liinson now ontcm.ikites the provision of similar in structors for small dairy fjrmer in Gipps- Ijnd. Tlte High Court will meet in Melbourne to-day. Argument will be proreeiied with I liefori' the. full bench of six judge in what I are known a "the- tiamway eases." Writs I of prohibition are la-ing sought by the (Iris- 1 bane Tiamtvay Company and the .Adelaide I Tramway Tni-t directed against Mr. Jus-1 lire lltggins, President of the- Common- 1 wealth Arbitration Court, and the .Aus tralian Tiamway Employe' A'nx-intiou I from proceeding further agtin.t those! bodies with the awanl given by hi Honor! upon the plaint of the AtDtr.ili.iti Tramway I Employee' Assoii.it ion. The principal I grounds .ire that there was at the time of I the filing of the plaint no industrial <11\. pule I Ix-tw.-Ti the tramway romp mice aud their! employes; no dispute Iw-yond the limits of one State: and also tint lion- of the etu- 1 ploye. were then memlier of the plainliiT nfsnriation. It is expected that the hear ing will extend over a fortnight. ftepiesentative of the iiwtitute of archi tects in the various Stales will me.-t in Melbourne to-day to discuss the .-ondition-i under which competitive designs for the Federal Parliamentary buildings at Can berra aro to lie invited throughout the world, and also to elect the .Australian re- jir.-sentative on th,> international hoard which is to adjudicate upon the dmign in London early next year. It is probable that after the selection ha been made the Assistant Minister for Home .Allaire will make the conditions nf the competition public. The delegates at today's meeting will be Mr. A. M. Henderson (A'.), Mr. A. AA'. Anderson (N.S.AAk), Mr. II. E. Fuller (K.A.), .Mr. C. Chamber (Q.), .Air. K. AA'. Koch (T.) and n representative of AA'cuteni Australia. The Australian representative on the international board will be its chair man. AA'itb the object of advertising tho Com monwealth in Great Britain and else where, the Department of External AITaira low purchased from the Australian Commer cial Travellers' .Association (5500 copies of Australia To-day, for the sum of £515 12/0, and from M'Carron, Bird and Co., 15,000 copies of a booklet nf Australian scenes, at a cost of £250. These are to lie distributed free in plncc.i where they aro most likely to come under the notice of a desirable class of immigrant. Tho Minister of; Health, Mr. J. I). Drown, stated on Saturday that he intends to take rminraliatc steps to prevent in future any cctuoterips bcMtita-out for grazing purposes, Commenting on the facts published in "The Age" regarding the Donnybrook Cemetery, he stated that no sacred grounds should 'bo banded over to the local butcher on which to depasture his stork, l'robably in many cases persons wcro being allowed the right to graze sheep on cemetery grounds free of charge, and -Its did not hold that it was any excuse -for desecration to say thnt revenue accrued through the practice, or that the sheep ate down the long grass, which would he a great source of danger in summer time from lire. In his opinion it would not cost- £1 a year to have the grass mown down. lie was astonished that country cemeteries wore being need for the pur poses that they were, and lie would issue instructions at once that cemetery ground should be kept inviolate. The articles on Church Bettnion pub- I fished in "The .Age" earlier m the vear lmve attracted much attention in America. AA'fiting from Maine, U.S.A., on 23rd April, to n member of the continuation committee of tlic Melbourne Kounion Con gress, Mr. lWiert 11. Gardiner, secretary | of the AA'orld Conference on Faith and Order, says:— 'I am very glad to see the | clipping from 'The Age' of 7th March, | witlt its helpful mention of the AA'orld Conference on Faith ami Order. 1 have | no doubt that to it was due some, at | least, of tho cordial letters 1 have been receiving within a day,1 of two from Aus tralia." ( An initial mistake made by the l'rahran and Malvern Tramways Trust is proving | very costly. It consisted in tlic laying of | tram nil on a basement of eerarnt con crete instead of on sloe pern. Men are | now engaged in taking out with hammer | trad gad the solid concrete along Higlv | street, nnd inw-rting tdcepers under the j rail. Despite lite solidity of the work | ae originally done, water found it way into | the basement, and tho heavy trallic eauw.il | the rail to vibrate and to sag, with the result thnt the costly work has to be un- | done, and a more reliable system of rail I carrying udoptcd. AVith u view to promoting an interest in wireless telegia|iiiy in Australia, societies of cxpcrinientcis have hteti formed in tin; vnnottK , state .mil a lode of rules and regu lation drawn up for the guidance of tlu-so engaged in the stnily. The AA'irclces Ituv.i- tnle of A'ictoria has ju-t issued an interest/ ing Liukk-t, in which much valuable in formation is given comeming the method which should be adopted by experimenter., in dc-iqiatci.iiig anil ixvetvms moM-ages. It lis recognised that the wirehsa system would Iieeomc confused if amateur ojiera- LTir. carried on their experiment., without regard to set rule, and onu oi the objects of the A'ieloriaii institute i to impre.-s upon it members the necessity of avoiding inteifcrencc with commercial station. Tni | may ik- acvOIil|ili.«heii, it is said, by the use I of the least power pccessaty to obtain effuc- | tive communication uud by waiting until I other station op.-rating ujion the nunc I wave length have urasrd working. It is I also set <uit tliat jierson alwuld not seek I a licence to eviK-nment in ra<lio-teh-grapby I until they are capable of oiH'rating at a ,poid oi not less than twelve wonli u min- I n;e. An inlcriaGing rereture of nkc pulw.va- I tion is a tomplete list of tin; reci»gnisol I uili for commercial st-uh'tis, laml and sea. I its well a. for experimenter' stations. Fur I instance, if an o|K.<ralor wuthed to com- lanuuieatc with tlic oliieial station at Aih- loide he wmihl rail VIA. while if the latter desiivd to "|K-ak" with Melbourne In- I would <Ii->l>nu'u the okIc for the lettcis I ATM. Similarly, ixu-h war shi|i aiul nnr- e.h.int vexra-l h.u a csle which is re.nlily "puke-l u|i" when sent along tlie ether I wave. The liook aha contains the Monte | eo,!-.' signal, punctuation anil other signs, land a list of abbreviation. which are iini- I versally rccDgnbed in connection with I win-hs lelegra|iby. The pnblieation, | whicli it the first qf it kind beunl in Aus- I tnvlia. should materially assist in tlic pro- I motion of study and exiierimcnt in tlii I nnM iireiul branch of seirncc. I "Such an indictment is not pleaiunt read- I ing for tlinv who are jcalon of the g-sxl I name of our Governnnait-' 8 run a I comment in tlie Sydney "Church Record I un "The Age" expraajre of the im-thtxl of , I reeruituig native labor in I'aptu. flic "Hi-eord" seize u|n>n 'Jtie Age state ment that "literally hundred of native wen; forcul hy ilire threat to lieemre in- di-iilure.1 kdmrera iirnicr cnuililion which, to tV- (ioveniniitit'ii own investigation ifllcere, npi»'arod practical slavery. One report alone show that 213 indentured na tive laliorer hail been iin«eropnlouly in- iluccil to leave their village- nnd sign on for |H-ri(xl ««f from one to three >vara by mean which were in flagrant violation of the law. Not one of tln-so 2-15 tilsiu-ra hnil, when signing on, any knowledge as to where he wa to labor, or tlie v-'agm he wan to re-i-ive." The "Chorea Recnnl" I proeenl; "AAV wouhl condemn nni>arintfly j any other Government which jienrtitL il such an iRitrage. It is therefore a great relief to read the statement of Judge Mur ray, the LH-iit-nant/lovcrnor of l'jpiia.who makes it clear that whili- there i luueh tnitb in the article publisher! in "Fh© Ago.' ' the blame rest.il upon one partieu- | Jar officer, who Ita since Iven dismiaaed." I On Momkty, Stlt June (public holiday), I all j>ost olliccs will be closed to the public I at noon. Only the first, ilelivery by letter carrier will lie e(I<i-ted. I Money order hindur will lie trans- I aet.il at all money order office from | 0 a.m. to noon, l'osuvge stamp may lie | obtained at the General l'ot Oliice until 1 6 p.iu. Mail (except Alelbiorne aral I suburban) will Iw rueived and desjbtentil I as usual. Only she lint mails in the I morning will U- sent from the General Host Oifiee to tbe suburban ofiirrs, ami from the suburbau ofiirrs to the General I'ost Office. Receiving pillar in r'to sub urb will he cleared in time for the first mail from the stihurlx.and the night clear, aine will b<; made as umal. 'ilie law list for June lis been issued. The Elite Full Court will consist of Mr. Justice a'Beckett, Mr. Justice Hodge, ami >lr. Justice C'ussen. There are eight ap|>eal. Mr. Justice Hodge and Mr. Jus- tie.- I Io.nl will afterward commence the bearing of fourteen care in tho equity and common law list, ami for 15th June two actions In-fore juries of six arc listed. Mr. Jiieticv llodges will preside in the Criminal Court, and Mr. Justice a'Beckett will t ike Chamber businrre. Mr. Justice Cm-ecu go. on circuit, and will hold routt-s at Ntawelt on 2nd June. Ballarat 1th .lime, Beech- worth IOtli June nnd llendigo fiith June. A great number of tickets at 1/ each was sokl in connection with the "Duo ' cycle ear, which was offered for raffle .it the Iguly Mayoress's stall at the recent Druul' Gala. The drawing of the win ning ticket took place at the Town Hall on Saturday night, in the presence of a few persons, who included ihe l»rd Mayor (Alderman D. A". Ib-nnerey) and .Airs. Jfennessy, anil the Town Clerk, Mr. J. Clayton. Duplicates of all ticket sold wore thrust iuto a barrel, which containi'd spikes inside. After the barrel had re volved several times, thoroughly mixing the contents, the Lady Mayores placed her hand inside nnd ilrctv out the winning ticket. The number was 82S9, aud its owner i unknown. At the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, this evening, at the meeting of the Early l'iom-ers' Association, Mr. G. Sweetland, of "The Age" oliiec, will give his popular | illustrated lecture. How a Groat News- pajK-r in Broduced. The subject will be j Apccially interesting to the makcra of tlic | State, whose recollections of tho journals in tho early day of A'ictoria enable theni to appreciate the advantages enjoyed to- | day- A substantial addition was made hy the PostmasL- r-fJeneral on Saturday to the fist of address. w to which the transmission nf postal articles ih nrahibitrd. As the result I of iinjUiru'S which have liecn proceeding Mr om(> time, Mr. aa'ynnc directed that in future no correspondence of any kiml I -should bo accepted if addrceaed to Otto (Karl Lur6CD, gtormgado 20, Copeubogco Ik, Denmark; . Emil Bruselius. International Ditributing Office of the Danish Colonial! (Glass) -Lottery, Copenhagen B.; the Dan-t isli A'inegar Co., Copenhagen H., Denmark; Samuel Hccksclier, son., Banking 0:liee, Kaiser AA'ilhelmslrasse 93. Hamburg 30, Germany: the Bouverct Sport Club, St. Maurice (A'alais), Switzerland; and M. Clio.vke, Hamburg 30, Damintborstr 30, Ger many. Ill connection with tlie celebrations of tlie proclamation of Nortbeote iih a city, tlie mayoress (Mrs. S. Dennm) is giving two gold medals for the best cssiiya by Iw.vh and girls under fifteen on Nortbeote, 1 ast anil I'refteut. T'lie competition closes on 27tli June. Tlie mayor nnd mayoress in tend entertaining tlie whole of tlie children of the city on 8th June. On 11th June n I eiti/.ens' "At Home" will be held at the town ball. An organ recll.il will he given th! cvci-luR at St. I'eier's Church, List Melhouni.). Tre \r.eal:t will lie MI-« ll.ryl Ih-imie. nn-1 the cl.au- 1st Mr. A. K. II. NlekM-n, F.il.CA). I Tht liomirary lrcst'»r of the Toaaii I : C.unpaiun I'uml nckmm-lcdsc the rcitupt of -VI | 1/ from Mr. A. Ptaivon. the tree- un? of ha,! from I Hrunnwick tuuncl), an«i -CI 1/ from Mr. i. S;icial intcre.l attaelies to the meeting of the Moilel Farituuent of the f.lhcrnl «"rV-'r- u:'; tule, at the Cuihl Hall to-night, <«,, ll£ inlvcnl of the new government. The pu! II. u '""'llrallehnw'. (iul.Ic" for -I""-'. Ihe latest alteration, an-l u.Mitlon to tl c «a'l»av time lahlcf. incllMlng the Nevis to Nscirre. t.qieiher with sM «»" ,1' "J Don, the i-nhlisc '-'-. Me>m. ctillnell auJ f'"- 