'Bulletin' Pars. I Th» 'typical Australian' is one ? who novor seou a box of matchcs without wonting to pockct it. ? ? ? ? A rlrunk rolled into a furniture shop In Wellington, Sqvt Zealand, the othor day and smashed a lot of furniture, including a large plate glass mirror. When asked for tho reason of this, ho explained he 'did* n't like tho look of the place.' ? * ? ? Uncle Sam, guessing that the chook in Europe would bo busy, surprised SuMex-etrcet, Sydney, on Septem ber 18 by firing in an order for about 400,000 eggs. The price otter ed was 13d, whilo e ggd were beinir hawked all down tho street at 10*1. This now*, with the promise of mote orders from 'Fri*oo, quite braced up the local hen cherry market. ? ? ? ? Dorothy Tonkn, a Uriobanc girl, writes from London: 'Loudon U lull of Americans trying to get liom«\ aome of whom have not a ju'iitiy, but any amount of dollar bills, which ore of jio use. in the restaurant* you arc asked to pay for a mca! be fore they will serve you.' The Yankee dollar is not always Al- 1 jnighty, then. John itull lets in ?vented a new 'Grace before Meat.' ' It ruiiR: 'Can you pay for your tuckor?' ? ? ? ? * Announcement (of much po!ilic:tl ' i-igniilcanee) in Brisbane 'o-urior': , ?'Tho friends of Mr. John Bull, de ceased, arc respectfully invited to attond his funeral, to move from the residence of his brother-in-law, Mr. W. Brotherton, of Austin-strcot, Nuv- etoad, thU afternoon at 3 o'clock.' Apparently all the notabilities come to Brisbane to die. One Ohri^tofero Columbus parsed away at 1'etrio Ter raco a few weoks ago. « t t t It was appropriate that the 'Ti- mes' should be the first^ -piper to be jumped on by the Uritish Govern ment for publishing alarmist war items. It had the same experience nearly GO years ago, when it* cor respondent in the Crimea exposed in his letters the awful state of des titution in which tho army before Sebostopol existed during the aut umn aud winter- of 1851-5. it wu* not the whole army, but those en gaged in tho &cge;, who suffered. ^ Thoy were encamped suvuu milos from Balaclava, and were totally destitute ol* 'transport animals and vehicles Also, their booU wvrc ^ made of brown paj-er and their uni forms of a substance a!ino-t equally perishable. When tlio 'Time^' show ed up tho incom]-etonce of those in authority, and the villainy of the ?war contractors, the first effect was to cause a maddoncd cry of 'dis- loyalist' and 'traitor' to be raised against it. Later, however, came the realisation of the reasonableness of its attitude, and the downfall of tho Aberdeen Government. Palmer s ton *was the next Prime Minister, and' ho worked like a tiger to put things straight. It is remaikab'e that a British Prime -Minister, in ' view cl C.imcan, not to mention South African, experience, should venture to ask, and that :r JJritidi House of Commons should be will ing to grant, the power to gag the press in war time. ' ? ? ? ? A despairing kick of the I'rectrade jimjam took tho form of a cartoon in the Sydney 'Telegraph' last. Sat urday morning, in this ma-iterpiece at imbecility, .under the title of 'Ta- riff I-ogic,' Andrew Fisher was re presented as talking to a dojeeied. groaj]' ? f two men and a woman with 'a baby in her arms, and perorating i '..X. with; 'I've got a brilliant idea, fri ends, that will relievo your wants. I'll raise tho tariff, and so increase the cost of living.' If tlie immi grant who presumably inspired tho picture had glanced at the commer cial columns of his own diminished publication, he would have seen that, owing to the war, the price of every thing 'imported is boating rapidly, booause supply doesn't keop pace with the demand* Thi) only way to get prices down to normality and reasonableness is to start local manu factures on a really big s'cale, and the only way to induce uieu to ex pend hundreds of thousands of ]-o- unds in new plant is to give them the assurance that, if the war sud denly euds, the Australian market ?will be still preserved to them. If the immigrant of the 'Telegraph' knows any. other way to do it, let him tell tho cquntry what the other ; There was one army reservist in Australia who was iu dead earnest a- i bull! getting into harnetts again, llu was well-sinking out iu the very | middle of Australia when war \va* 1 declared, but he ro-!e 2j(J mile* en a jolting camel into Uoduadatta, and theu had a GGS miles journyy to get to the camp at Adelaido. ? * ? ? ! Some of the soldiers who nro go* itig to Europe from Maoriland huve wandered in from away m the back of lieyoiid. One who hailed irom tho wild southern country saw a train 1 So r the tirst time wheu he stepped olf the lake steamer at Kingston tin hU way to lHincditi. He was a surprised man, aud thought that the train was a bullock dray that had gone mail. ? ?? ? There is nothing lleree as a -ira|K:r turned soldier, except a dra* fp:r who is paying goodbye to ;-o!diors while piepating to stay at home liimt self. Six employee?, of a Sydney llulTety voHtuteered the othur day, aud their mates presented. them with wrist le l watehes. One poteutate, ad* dieting the six, 'hoped that every time the volunteer*' watches ticked they would bowl over a German.' This would represent 300 dead Ger mans a minute, or 21,-!0O an hour, or I.Pi-V'O ' a day. Thi-* ropio-onts 1 tenilde loss of Germans, and no ?M.etny eotdd bear it long. The best idea would bo to send 12 drajfers and iiui«h th-- war betwoQU daybreak and lunehtime. * ? » t Had liiitain had a scheme of com puUory training it h about certaiu ihat theie would not be a single Ger man soldier iu Ikdgiutn or 'Frtuco to-flay. The first British contribu tion to the Allied Army was a com paratively small fnrco. It w;ts an excellent army aud did good work, but had it. been a million strong it \v«mld have done more work ami played a derisive part from the very jump. The horrors of Louvain, Torn aude, and Heims would have been averted, aud the Teuton shoved back on his own brewery. It may bo some month.- yet before the British* are in any impressive force, for no thing Ies- than I,'20y,00o men will he impressive or worthy of tho strength of the Empire. ? ? ♦ ? Those important critics who aro wondering why Admiral Patoy does n't run the Scharnhorst, Guelsonau, and other German cruisers who are ?- wandering round tho inlands in the Pacific, and hlrrn- l hem out of the water, should remember the case of the Perthshire. This big cargo steamer broke down !-ot ween Sydney and Wellington some years ago. A small licet went iu search of her, and though sho blaze) tin- trail with rockets, flares, and blue lights, it was six weeks before -he was found. That was the experience in the eas« 01 a big sluw-ilririing vessel, in com paratively narrow limits, calling ten ders for discovery. Patey's job isn't so easy. The wide and meandering Pacific is open to the speedy German eruisers, and at late-t information' they had not hung up any notices uf their whereabouts. Their reti e-MK-e on that subject, was. like to .btnah wheu he waft asketP for tho address of the whale ho eloped with. \- * ft . ? ?? ?' About a Mitil-try: The Oaueu-* plan ?ii choosing Ministries works well in pi-act ice, all round. The present Kisher Govoruiuent'ls about as strong as it well could be. Rxterual Affairs Minister, John Anilrow Arthur, is only 3D, and he entered Parliament at his llrst attempt, last year, wheu he defeated .John Quick for Itcmlteo. He was born at Im yet town, Vietovii, is LL.B. of .Melbourne University, Und a constitutional authority of note W. O. Archibald has represented ilindmarsh, Souih AuUra'i ?, couliu ?. usly since ? I'.MM. Uc was. sometime vharf-labover and union secretary, ^:td always a thinker. He lakes Pome Affairs. P.M.G.-WV G. Sponco uutiu hern from the Orkneys in '52, whou ouly six. lie. followed mining 1 till '78, then set 011 1 on tho organ : ising track thai has made hiin the best- known Australian outback and on the mining Ileitis. Senator Gar diner, Vico- Presi-!ent, jeacliL-d, tho N.SAV. Assembly as member for Forbes at 21, and was in and out of that rowdy place several times .till ho put up for ami entered the Senate iu PJ10. As a youngster he was a / ' I Uugby player of top rank. Russell, ! Senator and Hour Minister, U 35, and i bolongs to Wurrnambool, Vic. Ho j eame to Melbourne young ami was . elected to the Trades mil Council ? when only 20. He entered tho Sen {ate in 100o and sUved there. Jcnu 1 Jensen, the Victormn-born Tasma« ' nuvn with the Danish name, owns to ?IS) and au organising habit. Also to having adorned the Flyspeck As sembly for 11 years. . . 