AUSTRALASIAN HEEDS. { r--?- ! DOMINION COMMISSION'S VIEWS. London, Jan. 28.. -: The Dominions Boyal Commission, m L «heir report from Australia and New Zealand, state that the Commissioners \- were deeply impressed throughout Aus- tralasia by the desire of all. c.asses to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations. Not only was there tariff preference, but there was . a clear and distinct preference based upon sentiment and patriotism. Discussing emi- gration, the report states: "Labour Saving Machinery is much more used in agriculture in Aus- tralia and New Zealand than in Europe, and comparisons show that the proportion of population engaged in agricultural and pas toral pursuits is smaller than in the United States and in many European countries, while the town population is excessive, Sine« the mother country is already dependent \- - .upon the overseas dominions for a consider- able proportion of her food and raw mate- rial; the Commission is impressed with the desirableness of having as large a portion as possible of the dominions occupied by a i- population which will assist in the develop- ment of the primary resources. The best age for emigrants is from 16 years to 24 years. The Town-bred Youth often finds his feet more quickly in the r.vw environment than the rustic does. The re- quirements of Australia and New Zealand L will to a large extent be fulfilled, by well disposed youths whom environment in the United Kingdom has forced into the bliud alley of employments, and also youths ?rom the Industrial schools. The Commis ir sion did not find any evidence that only those who followed agriculture in the old ?'country can become successful agricultures in the new lands. Thsre is a strong un- dercurrent of opposition in Australia and New .Zealand to emigration principally among urban wage- earners, as likely tb in- crease competition in the skilled labour market, and the Commission believes that the hostility arises mainly from the present , defects in the immigration system." Discus , " sing . ' Female Emigration, the report states: "Tte surplus in Great Britain is mainly in the residential towns, and consists principally of elderly ladies and ^women servants. The first are not possible emigrants, and the servants can ill bo «pared, -as the ranks of female domestics are deplete^ by the demands of commerce end industry in the United Kingdom com- pared with 20 years ago. The Commission intends to deal with' the matter in greater detail in its final leport." Dealing with the -.. Difficulty of Family Emigration, the Commissioners state: 'Parents are often too obj to settla comfortably, and the man tempted to establish himself premature- ly as a farm-owner or as a tenant of a ready-made farm is non-existent to any large extent. ' Farming on the share system, is extending in Australia, and it is highly com- mendable. The organisation of family emi- gration will entail considerable public ex- pense before an ideal system is reached." The report .recommends «. fuller, use of the methods adopted in Pitt Town (New £ci.th Wales), where there is an .admirable insti- tution, ami it goes on to remark : is undesirable to leave, the duty of iescrjbing The Attractions of the Dominions io interested passage agents, as there exists ', - a widespread feeling, which the Commis- sion considers justifiable, that .iiieroprecen tetion is not uncommon; although tb-?re hove been few cases of actual fraud. The puss*, bility of making greater use of tho British 'Labour Exchanges deserves close attention, particularly in connection with j'i vernie emi- gration." The Commission recommends greater co ' operation between the home and toe Aus- tralasian Governments regarding thc emi- gration of \-- Discharged Indian Soldiers, many of whom are willing to go io A ottralia or New Zealand, but fin,} & difficulty in doing so, although they are already accus- tomed to e climate more, trying tl on tbat of Northern Australia. The Commi-Nuon would allow considerable financial assistance to such emigrants. The Commission .was fa- vourably impressed with thc German settle- ments in Queensland and South Australia, and the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria, and it declares that such «migration would oe a wholesome addi- tion to toe population of New Zealand and Southern Australia. Regarding The Suez Canal, the report states: "The Commission ts im- pressed with the Canal's capacity to deal without undue delay with 18,000-ton ships, provided certain, traffic regulations are ob- served, and it is also impressed with the Canal's increasing ability to take vessels of deep dncugbt. There will shortly be 30ft. of watSf in the Canal, but it is doubtful that this will be sufficient to provide for the necessities of A Quick Ocean Service to Australia. The fact that the Panama .Canal will have a depth of 40ft. will acce lerate the already rapid increase in tho ene and draught of -ocean- carriers, but it is doubtful that the authorities controlling the Australian and New Zealand harbours are properly alive to the quick increase in draught which ÍB in prospect. The proper standard depth is 40ft., but except at Sydney, Hobart,. Wellington, and Auckland the facilities are considerably be- low that standard. The Commission can- not urge too strongly that the governing bodies of ports Bhould devote earnest con- sideration to the problem of deepening the harbours. Any semi-uitcmati.; K.ncwal of The Mail Contract with only a slight improvement in speed _. and conditions and a' slight decrease in cost would be inadequate as a solution of thc problem which - needs to be handled on broader lines, giving full consideration tc ali likely variations, particularly with re- gard to the- speed restrictions in the Suez Canal. There is grave reason to doubt the reality of the shipping competition un- der the present arrangements, and the con- tinuation of the quasi monopoly for a lony period will probably be injurious to the de- velopment of shipping, as it will remove the great incentive for the construction oí faster ships. No mail' contract will bc satisfactory unless it provides for a sea speed considerably in excess of that pf un- subsidised lines. The Commission's 'atten- tion was drawn to complaints that thc cut ward Bills of Lading were out of date end were 'unduly compli- cated in favour of shipowners as againsi ' their customers. Nevertheless there wai evideuce that many companies granted rc dress which they were not legaJlv compel! . ed .to give. There was also evidence thal thestrengtb of the shipping .ring in Londor is «o great that the*combined action ol importers is of little avail." The re<w>H draws attention to the possibility of amend tog the United Kingdom's shipping law ii order to bring it into line with thc Austra lian Sea Carriage Act. Referring to The Pacific Cable the report comments upon the anomaly c! the Commonwealth charging a termina rate of Sd. per word for the transmissioi of .messages whereas New Zealand charge only a penny per word. "The cost of Nev Zealand cables should," the report states "he reduced to 2s. 8d. per word, but th< Pacific Cable HBoard. has not shown the en terprise that might reasonably have beer expected from it. The laudable desire t< abolish deficits has obscured its vision ol its larger and more urgent duties. To spenc £2,000,000 on a cable and then to leave il comparatively idle for tuo-thirds of thc day is not commercial or politic common- sense." The Commissioners deny that experience has shown-that Cotton can only be successfullv grown by black labour, end it adds: "On the contrary, 7E per cent, of the labour in Texas is white, and it ie possible that the Maltese will fur- nish just the type of labour required in Australis. It is estimated that picking in Australia will cost 3d. per pound, whereas it costs lfd. in the Southern States ot America, but there is evidence that tue quality of the Australian cotton will be such 'as to justify the expectation that a higher price will be secured than in most cotton countries while there is also the pos- sibility of a cotton-picking machine reduc- ing the importance of the Australian lab- our factor. It should also be possible to organise the small growers into associations for picking crops co-operatively." While admitting that Hid 36 are damaged by branding the Commission states: "The natural remedy is to differ- entiate in price between hides branded as the tanners suggest and those branded as now. The Commission docs not recom- mend the introduction of more stringent re fulations regarding glucose in leather." 'he report urges uniformity in legislation and regulations regarding foods and drugs. The Australasian agricultural, mineral and forestry resources will be treated in the final report. Reference will also be made to the inquiries concerning better facilities for the handling of meat and fruit. The Commission is making further inquiries into the questions of inter-Imperial exhibitions and the desirableness of establishing an Im- perial Development Board. 