LESSONS FROM DEN MARK. Most of our readers are pro bably aware of the enormous advances made in Denmark by the organised and systematic efforts to make tbe land pro ductive. Denmark is essen tially a country of primary pro ducers and tbe fact is all tbe more remarkable because the land is not naturally fertile nor is the climate favourable. A few decades back, poverty was general, for Denmark, lacking iron and especially coal, could never bring her few struggling industries to expand, and her natural products bad no claim 1 to,superiority over her neigh bours. Moreover their quan tity was not sufficiently large to be a serious factor in the world’s markets. To- day all is changed ; Danish produce rules the market and sets the standard of quality. The in dividual wealth.'of the Danish people is far ahead of many rich countries; the population, al though growing steadily, re mains at home instead of seek ing better conditions in new fields ' advertising for immi grants, and Denmark is fast realising the ideal conditions for the man on the land. Australian farmers can learn many good lessons by studying Danish methods. Denmark is; a country practic ally ruled by farmers, who sell to England at top prices eggs, butter, and bacon. The eggs come to London every day, and the shell of each egg is stamped with a date as a guarantee of freshness, and a registered brand by which the breeder can be identified. Co- operation is the keynote of the marked success of the Danish farmers. The 00-operative Egg Associa tion has 40,000 peasant mem bers, who act together, sell to gether, and run their egg busi ness, amounting to £1,500,000 a year, by little groups in the villages and by a central com mittee in Copenhagen. The ideal of “ from producer to consumer ” is realised. Every week eggs are collected from the farmers, whose brand they bear, with tbe date of delivery, so that any complaint can, be traced. The collection of eggs is by districts, and is not unlike, the working, of the postal .ser vice) Each farmer is credited by the association with'the eggs delivered by ; him, and is paid the price realised, less actual expenses, which are very low,* because all the middlemen have been eliminated. The farmer really sells to the con sumer; , Only perfectly fresh eggs] are marketed,- and if the eggs: are not up to standard the farmer is fined. . The Danish farmers on their own initiative have organised themselves into every kind of co-operative busi ness; They buy what they need wholesale, and they sell it to themselves at retail prices in the sameway. One middleman after another has been got rid of, and the farmer now deals directly with' his customers. The Dan ish farmers control Parliament. One: of the laws encourages farm ownership on a small scale by advancing to the would be.farmer nine-tenths of the cost of a farm. The applicant must, however, have followed the vocation of farming for-five years and have good references. Applying the foregoing to Aus tralia is not an easy matter, as tbe educated and uneducated peasant population of Denmark differs in many ways from that of the average Australian far mer. Nevertheless there is no reason why efforts should not be made for co-operation on the lines suggested. For in stance, the numerous suburban poultry, farmers within a 20 miles radius of large centres might profitably combine in the matter of buying foodstuffs, etc., for the poultry, The branding of eggs with date and trade mark of owner would also be a step in advance. The diffi culty in all matters of co-oper ation is to get the right man to organise. - 