?yS.V-.f-' ' ;v''-. ::. ? - ? ?? ?.,!,. ?? -.;?. ?-;- -,-,-^'-.' - ' ? - t- ?-.-.-. .: ?'?' ? ?'?'? ;V-: lotted by Ihc INIEUNATIONAL SEClfflTAMiAT of Jitgionxil Trade Union 7 - ^— ??...„- i .piw^t ..— .n ? i. Brief Labour Notes from All Countries. v BISEJLkN, December 24, 1913. Copenhagen 'Closed*1 for Dockers. ;We Ijaye received the foUowing -joiiir liiuriiealion from the Pamsb. $ationa| Centre :? TJifi dockers in the Copenhagen free-port have been involved in a wage movement for a Jon r* time. An open fieht wiav break out at an v'. movement. aiid probably the Dock Coinpaii y mil try to obtain the necessary strike breakers from other cpuntnes. The dickers had laid various claims before tbr6 Dock Company. At that time the manager and two members of the Board had agreed with representatives of the workers' over every detail, but the Board rejected \afi the agreements, especially the one which related to tlie lixed increase to pay for night duty. The men repeatedly tried to re-open the negotiations, but without success. The Company had nothing luore to say. 3?he Cbniipmry: jam viiibwx endeavour iu|Mby ;i»i«aiis of giant posters-— to get ii^iv workers. With ;?;*' so-called ' per y maueut situation with a guaranteed weekly wage of 25| to Bf JgLrpiien, wliicji, %\iw piecework, mn im hi-. \- *a%»isN&d; jbp'.l.&OO; Kronen a yt^r,11 at tempts are made to secure blacklefi labour. The Banish workers will do all ill? their power fet- oppose the : insolence of* the employers if only the employers are not allowed to draw reinforcement* fr|iro other lauds. Foi* tliis end we1 seek the aid ot the trades unionists «f other _ Gentries.-- The movement *jf the dockers in CJopeiihasew has iii the hiea«- J^Be developed into a strike. Alf dockers are asked to keep away from Copenhagen. The Wtrking Otess mr Chili. 1%e lack, of' robust revolutionary pro letarian tnnVjemcnl iu the industries i* djle partly JJo material cDujjitions. A great many workers who chafed under Wje exploitation to which they were subjected found an easy means within tjkfc Teach ( of everyone to escape tht- fire irksome effects of exploitation, ey quitted the employers' shop aud ?$$»-» to wjbrts for ^pfti^tves^stajrtihg ~ ipj^sfii¥rarwt$tr ««i other capital Hiaii ?'?.-jHjfelr *iwh tools and labour power. ThiSj hJ'Bjvcr, di verts the wiergies «f tSir f^i'kjii^ classes from tlie Ass struggle 3Se ..'itiiatt^iat proletariat is still weak because machinery and production ©„ '.V. ?i&^litt'ge scale have only recently begin, i^ thread tn the leading cities. iOiie iif tlie sharpest erievattcefi of to djjy which Is bound to So -much in driv. '?iajjg the ..workers into unions i$ tin length of the working day. Under tin eld form of free production they had t Wftg workday «f ten or twelve hours, apd even uiore. The industries which ..'*&» in course of formation, in spit*1 ol tjieir vastly greater productive oap« ?ciffcy, are quick to take advantage of tin j6k! customs *nd impose *xwKsively lobg hours, l^aturally tlie workers r« -,te|l' against this ^taie «f afi 'airs and mm* pel an adjustment of modern produc ti^ nto modern', cnndilinnis. The v\c uients of tliis revolt already exist though mit- in l?mt astotiifihing propor ti»u which we find in other countries Cferoperative societies already exist With tiieit errors and vagaries, and pyovc that there is latent in the masf o^ tbb laboiirittg folk a strouji; desir- fo,r emancipation. The first, groups arc already pretty vigorous. They a re: rThe bafcej1^ wi% 2000 members They; b&ve; j(i co-opemtive union, witj: ' '6Ve iecttoiig iti the capital and braucljjet ' tit tlie principal cities. It Is thS hest ©| ihe organisatiqiis becaUHe of its rigid *tclii6iou of politics and becatise it con fifths itself to the improvement of th- wb^ition of the Workers a«d I thd* condi '?*it»Ji8 of labour. This society has al' tvnya taken an advanced position iu the struggles ofthfe Avorkers. f 'Fie shoemakers constitui* a mere nttinerous contingent.. They have al , rpady had conflicts with the employers fcj(i\ the bettermrnt of working condi tion!. The chief nucleus of sound minded workers is to be found in this gfoup, . The same may be said of the e^rpenters^ who gave promise of great things in the same direction. They lujve a membership of about 2000. The carriage-makers arc also in the van gHard of the movement. They have about 1000 members. , (The . railwayman are a very impor ta'nt 'body. They have a, co-operative fejaeratiou with about 10,000 members ujider the patronage of lawyers and ' politicians. Although their constitu tion forbids all political and religious discussions, they tfike an active part fiH politics. From similarity of occupa titjn we may mention bore another Labour society, that of the electric ???i.tr'iitirtvny -m»loyces; They mimbov '. itbout 800 in the capital, and about half *t^'£ht-m are ~c.men. In addition there are --naturally, many other trades which take part in the mpvement, e.g., the transport workers. Adding to the fore going those employed in the tt'stile iH dust ries, distilleries, tanneries, candy factories, garment sliops, unskilled oc cupations, etc., there are^u the capital alone 50,000 workers of both sexes who can be awaked to the new concepts of life taught by the movement. ' Most of ' tne workers*in Chili are miners. In the saltpetre mines of the north 60,000 are employed. Exploita-, tion is carried on to a frightful extent. The men are paid in vouchers in the form of Company script «o that they arc compelled to buy all their supplies at the Company stores. Exorbitant prices are charged for everything. Hence the real wages are much lower -than- the nominal value of the script. Naturally the men could not remain indifferent under these conditions of slavery. They themfore organised strong mutual asso ciations and Labour defence societies. A1 most important strike took place at Iquique in December, 1907 . It em bi*ae£d :'mo)« than 30.000 workers. But it was brought to a tragic cud by a t#iu of hoUrgeois grape shot. The aims which had been purchased to shoot 4pwu enemies*wei-e used to shoot down working men who were fighting against foreign Capitalists for a little inoie hread for their children. A like thing ♦sapiHHted with the arms bought by Ar gentina to kill her Chilian enemies. They were used to kill Argentine work ing wen in the M«y Day demonstra tions pf 1909, and on many other occa sions. * . After the horrible butchery 'a- Iquique, the miners were brought back to work in freight cars. The Capita %ts treated these poor men like a cori Hiered race. The snirit of revolt in Jiis important contingent of Chilian tforV'rs was smothered in the blood of ?HX) victims. To-day they are more cs ildited. more subdued, and more de rraded than before the strike. They uiffer from excessive fatigue aud bad joxirishmeiit, Heuce they easily fall' into alcoholism which is the necessary cortrihiry of poor f oojj and jeSJiausliSt 'a hour. * The organisation which they had )h-- ore this bJoodly disaster ivas not much »f a l*ahbur Uriitfn. It was a mixtutv ol ?o-dperative society and political party, [it other parts of Chili mining operat ions are carried on on a large scale, equiring some hundred thousand men or the production of coal, meals, sul )hur, granite, etc. This immense army ir producers has not yet sliown anv ijrns of life as an organic lighting Kidyi, but there are evideuces of indivi lual awakeniug iu its ranks. The rural population of Chiii u ill be he last b» enter into action, on account -1' their natural menial bajckwardnesK uid the separation of their member* iver great distttuces. In the farming Hstriets the practice of personal tithes ititl €xiist6 ,; The rural qlergy exact this «ntribution from tlie peasants in spite f the ftjtct tliat the Centenary has al cady been celebrated of the abolition of ?cclesiastical rigJjte in production. , Personal tithes do not exist in law. :»ut they do exist iii reality. The farm aboui'er submits to personal tithes, vhicti have the approval of custom, for ;wo reasons; The first is that if he die* jot submit he would- find himself per edited by the Friar and allied atithori ies. besides being denounced as a rebel tgainst the |feneral custom and tradi JjlPlJL— JHfi VtWli\ l-o nmvislipH bv-4ih^ terrible exclusion -from his fellow-men, vhieh es-coaara«nicatioji would placf ipon him. The second reason is that nost'of the peasants do not even know .hat the titheB have- been abolished. The Argentine Regional Federation )f Labour has been sending some of its best organisers into Chili to further Jie movement in that country. Ro jorts show a. steadily growing senti ment in favour of the Trades Union Movement. A revolutionary press has been started and thousands of instruc tive leaflets have been distributed. Tn Santiago a progressive weekly paper, called 'El l*ro-iuctor3' has re lent been established;' and its circula tion shows a satisfactory increase. In blie extreme South, the district of the Straits of Magellan, tlie movement has taken shape in the form of the Magel lan Labour Federation which publishes \n excellent progressive journal under the name of '151 Trahajo' (Labour) at Punta Arenas. Iii the same city there is also another_pjLogressive paper 'Ade- lante' (Forward). The vermicelli and spagetti workers also issue a paper which is not only devoted to the in terests, of their trade, but is also en gaged in militant propaganda. - Warning to Emigrants Going to California. The following appeal hn*a been nent to us by the Cnliforninn State Fedora . ? ? ( i--— — — — - *. 4^^f^ab_ou^rwi^^e^e^e«t:40^^ ttTpuijhcity V Ou iwhalf of tlie ortrauised workers of €aljfoniia, , we most resnootfull^ Urgo upon ail organised Labour of Europe to oo-opcrat6 with organised b&buur; iu Caiiforaia in a inat&r; ^ «f jjiutunl and world-wide— coaccvn, namely, the yrajtc)1 regulation nud dis tributiou of European ommigration to the Pacific Coast after the opening- of thu Pnnuuia Canal. In ordcv to uflford Huropvau Labour a correct imiircbsion as to the pronent conditions in Cali idiniH, we submit tho following an»lyeis. The openiug of thu Panaow Caiiul to the traffic of tlie world ie an .event of tremendous importance and coastniucnoc to tbe organised workers «u the Pacific Coast. Protected by our comparatively isolated position, Labour or jjauisations here have bwn able to settle their ocoiion)ic probkme with comparative little inter ference from the outside world. Thus a feeling of permanency and bcuurity has been built up amongst most classes of workers. On the whole, fairly satisfactory wages hours, and general workitts conditions have beun obtained through tJic ordinary activities of Lultuur organisations lor nearly all classes of labour that were will in';; to organise for Kcll-piotoctiou. In addition, La/jour has taken an important part in tlie legislative and political field, and gained for ,t»slf many advuutuges and security. With the opening of the I'nnama Canal and the threaten i ivr aspects of an enormous immigration ut (ovsigu a«d t« a large extent unorganised labour, ihe situation becomes materially changed. To ruuliwi the seriou sneeg of the situation, -»ni' need only to consider the Iii story of l£tiro pt'itii imuii^ration to the U.S.A. Hitherto that juuui^ratiou lr.it; bci-n absorbed by the Eastern and populous parts of this country. And ai ,Jiougli tliis addition to uur labour supply has t'«ttciied the cnoruiouK total of almost Ibirt.v oiiliioiib, thti increase xvaa to gradual tliut American industries were able to adapt them* »elv«a and v.\\]*and each year without uuduc die turbanoe t»f . ciwnumtc eonditioiiij, except in par ticular cabeti -wlioiv employers for the sake of greater exploitation linre liitjjtlaeed one clai-6 of ULboui- by an entirely new one. But with the completion of tie €u»ta) it is believed tiio Kteiiuu of European immigration will in a large part im diverted to the bparsely iscttied NVc^t. This ravtiuB, tlmt while in former years inimigrantfc Auiouuted to an addition ol a certain small pci H;iita.ge cuph year to the existing population, -n the 1'acifie C'oant the oouiiug iuimigrotior. will within a few years double and treble the population. In other words, immigration will *u longer bci-e in the W'cBt be a question ot j)jborbiuj- of ussiniilating a new element, but ?vili assume -the' character of how U- meet mi (ivusioii and perhaps doniiuation of a new popu tttlOll. : If thiti were a new country nil would be well mil no harm would follow from this extrn jrdinaj-y event. But the Pacific Coast is an old wjuntry, aod all its rich and wonderful resource*) juve long ago been mouopolit-ed by and jjathercd :uto tJio hands of a few individuals and eor -uratioiiG. And thene tbat hold the thlrt, to lie laud, to tlie water rights and the other ueuue of product ion, do little or uotbiug to de r.|o|i tlx-ni, but keep waiting for an iucrvasc in .ahwti which is bound to eome with an in -re»iiii)g popuJution, . and the labour, industry, aid enterprise o( others. It in not to be ex jwdbed thai these condition* n-iil be chunged by ui extraneous eveut jike the opening of the .'anania Ikna). Legiishitiun way remove hotuk -i tin; obstacles confivntin^ tliosf wlju would -itliei'wi(jc eugc^e in founding uew iudubtvies on t large weak-, but these changes cannot Ik effected iuimediateiy. That they will come in tipie is almost certain, if Labour aud other ;irogres8iT« I'lemvutu in the political field txrn *iHue as t«H«t«forc to workr with teal «nd in ?.olligent'o to accomplish them The years preceding the completion of tb-- Jaual have been iudustfially dull. Thih ib hhovui jy tSie chruiiiu «tate «f tiiivinployinent rc'vcal \\\\-1 itself at stated times in the cities, and in jioic or less aggravated form every winter in *au Francisco, Portland, and Shuttle, wiiich jities arc «ie cliief distributing eentres for aljour, nut only for the Pacific Coast, but also .or Alaska. It iii an «-a«y tak and a pleasant ^aeMtnc for Cuauiberi$ of Oommerce, Boards oT Trade, and speculators generally, to compile itatiblius .purp'ort.Sng to show the' growing pros mrity of the Wcet. In our judgment, hqweTcr. .irosperitj- cannot be m^nsutcd hy increaeing ?xports, bank tsleaiantjes, property assessments, -aving aeeottntN, or dividends distributed by nvettment comjuuiiw. Steady employment for ahour at good wages and the ability of labour o obtain good con cession t from time to Uine rithinft Uie ncccKSity of reporting to a strike— ire iar nior« reliabie signN of prosperity. Therefore we repeat, that on the Pacific Coart A'usonu! ^Uipioyment Jibs beeoroe chronic in the ast few years, and strikes for maintenance of 'Xtsting f-mditionts or to enforce better eoHdi :iohs ha\rc been frvqupnt. All «liie prove* that the glowing amounts of 'flliioniia, giv.;n so freely just now in the jutsh if the world, should- always be .takni wtlh icvoraj griiine of -J«Mi))t, Progressive imnii rranta should «ver bear in mind that exiHting .nd.uKtrii'» on the i'aeine t'oaKt urn iianllr abJr .o i^rmniiently cupporl tlio labour that iR ib'eady liei'B, «iuch less ready to afford cm jloymeiil Jo o great number of immigrant!;. In order to (jive, a true conception «f genera! jondition* and of immediate prospects for the lass of labour that niny find employment here, vi? (f.iot.! from ttjc Fifteenth Annual Report of he. State Labour Coinuiisfricner of Canada, ok .'olluws-: 'C'aljforiiia, until lecently, has Ineo a SlaliL iFTargiTTaird TTiildings i owing to the fact that .vheu the U.S.A. acijuirtxJ its Western posses iionK it rwognificd es valid the Spanish land ,'ranl*. These land grnnte,- of which there are vhout fitH); coutained iuitaense avefts. When grieuKure Kuccecded feold mining, some of the iwners tnriif d to cultivating these lands, while ithers lield them and are still holding them iutil such time .-is they shall be divided up into ima)) forms This led to two problems that have con fronted the people of California for the mst thirty or forty years. The former called 'or ii large amount of cheap labour, while the tetter prevented the American farmer from the Eastern. States nnd the European immigrant igriculturiKtK from obtaining small acreages at (vaKnniibfa prices. 'Ihe influx of Chinese gave ;he farmers the cheap labour they desired. The ehbnpiipfcfl of this labour, the. high tjuality -f the products rniscd, and the successful sale if same, incrra^d thr tend vnhirs of those Farms, nnd. also those land grants that were -eing held, until, the pri«o of both had risen o such a point that in many sections of the jtate it was practically iniposstble for the tverage. m«n to-g« into the business of farming: Then came the exclusion of the- Chinese t and the BuliKequent demand for some other labour to take Iiis place. The Japanese became the successor of the Chinese in fnrm labour, but let if be understood thnt the people of, Califor ,iia did not want the Japanese, but were com pellcd to accept them in lieu of any other. * 'Probably the most important point in. farni; ing in California is that it is highly specialised. It was early demonstrated that certain crops could br {{town to great, advantage in curtain localities, with the result that almost everybody in that locality went into the raising, of that ;-»i 'tirtulnr crop, thus calling for a large amount tf Inbour during the season wucn Rtioh crop ithk hnrv^fted. This vondition accounts for tbc iU{;lo\\*mciiT ci Uir .laputrw, Thr .Topnnr.-c u o i.'iigratcr.' l&.i)oaiir. ithr-)e«s Hie vrcite. iium scekr to livn wnrre he fforhe. 'In lotc ycar6 Calitoruia has come face to jggg— wth_ a new-yrubjeju— thALJg_J^g-.,MJJft^'!^ m^nt of We ~7apa»eBe. ~We iuast now look orward to Europe to obtain our supply of farm labour. We have Already started to; solve this -|uestioD by the employment of Q reeks. , . Principally at gra)^ piciting. 'An important point regarding white farm aboiir in California is thut^they arc not 'Bnowii the respect due to them. This is accounted for largely by the fact that the short period of time they, worked on any one farm docs not seem to justify the owners iu making accommodation* for them, with the result that they are le quirej ' to «arry their blankets on their backs and use the sky for a roof. 'The opening of the Panama Canal will prob ably solve the problem of farm labour; in Cali fornia, but at the same time will place us on ,*uard against the possible influx of undesirable immigrants from Southern Europe, Asia Minor, i\u\ Africa. Vor an udditionai cost of 'from rj to 10 dollars the immigrants that arc now pouring into New York will be landed in San Francisco. . California wants immigrants .to culti vate its soil, but it wants good sturdy peasants of Kuropc, not the people from the seaport townt, who bring tliu vices mid none of the virtues, and who conjrrenote in our large cities and form colonies in wh'ich they maintain their own habits and i-uptwu*, aud are a continual source of annoyance to our police departments. But I realise that to obtain the class of immigrants I have described it will be necessary to look after their interests upon their landing ou our shores. 'An effort should be made, however, to have the immigrants-arrive during the months of thr harvest, eay from May to August. It would then be » comparatively easy task to secure ?mployincnt for tlirui in the '.agricultural and horticultural districts. The immigrants once ulaecd in the fields, the question would solve itself. The industrious immigrant could acquire ?t farm iu a few years under the proper si-heme* jf colonisation, which -«re now under way, Hviding up the large holdings of the State. I'Aivm people in turn would «olve the form labour irobleai, with the adoption of a scheme of .aried clops within eertain localities and the rrftdttal doing away with tlie high specialisation. 3u», if the iinuiigrants arrive after the harvest Hiey will associate with their own countrymen n the large cities, with the result that aft-r ieing there for sis or eight mouths it will oe impossible to place them on the farms.' Once settled in the city, they would never re tum to agricultural pursuits. If we bad manufactures on an extensive scale like there avc in the Bast, we might find use for them 'ii tlif cities, but for the preticnt their best jpport unity for employment and acquiring com pck'icy lies iu the agricultural districts. In a few yeers the Califoruiun Legislature may be i'X|K*cted to perfect «onic si'stem 01 rural credits whereby men with families may w able to buy small farms by the payment of innual instalments until the land is paid for. \Vh-?n this is started we bav expect wonderful development. But not until 'land become* more accessible to the juuii of small means than at present. By co-operation among themselves, farmers may be able to obtain bettor means to market their produce. At present middle ?noil secure the Hon'fi share of what is pro duced. t legislation lias already .attempted to sjolvt- this problem, but thus far without 'sue JCSi,. We would advise all who decide to ctuigVate u- California to learn English, if ueecfc&nry;, be fore tlM-.v come . ami further, immediately on uvivnl, to join the organisation of their trade, inly by such course will they be able to. hetietit themselves and their comrades who have 'Ftablished good wages aud conditions for all, through years' of sacrifice and struggles. Let us go forward, never backward. In the hope that thi.su suggestions will lie concurred in by our fellow workers in Europe, md that the information we here give will br given all publicity possible. __ Krat«rnally yodrs, 1*. P. HAQQEUTf, President, PALL SCaAItRKNBERG, Secietary, Californian State Federation of Labour. Democracy, in Mexico. Our correspondent nrites from Mexico to the effect that tbe. trade union and nolitical movement oi the workers is almost -:ompletely siippressed iu consequence of the continuaiion oi the civil war. It is imnossiljlt' to hold meetings in most ot the towns, the fen progressive Labour papers have beeu suppressed and agitators shot, ar restodt or sent nai, of the country. In spite bf all this there are still a number of Ktriict'6 in the industrial disitkte;. but thefv are suijpressod with :i bi'utality winch t'ajnwjt be frorse even in Rureia. they are literally smothered in blood. At the recent election the workers put forward their eandidateSj but, as was' to be expected, without success. In many places the workers and other op ponents of tbe present regime were for cibly prevented from giving their votes. Th-i unjustifiable baseness with which the Government managed the election, is to be Been From the following ex tract from u decree which was sent from the- Government to the Governors, and which became public through the usual chance happenings: 1\. All mayors who belong to the re volutionary party are to be removed secretly from their positions. 2\. Only trustworthy persons who carry out their instructions without de lay may be appointed as election offi cers, 3\. Care must be taken that elections take place in not more than one-third of the primary election districts. v_ 4\. Elections do take place, a suffi cient number of blank voting pa pert must be available and uf;ed in order that there will be an absolute majority for General Huerta as President, and for General Blanquet as VicePresi dent. 5.. Only such results as correspond with these instructions are to be sent to the Parliament House. 6\. Voters of all kinds may enter as many protests as they like, but these are not to alter the result prescribed in 4. 7\. Trustworthy persons arc to be ap pointed to deal with such protests. It is not difficult to undprstnnd that thr irorkeis:. rnulcr siich nondHicns, ftiiich trarel along n very thorny path before they reach efficiency iu their iiciiyiii«H .... iu eiJOiiOJiiiB^ajd —political ' matters. An International 'Free Labour' Agency. The transport companies and their accomplices, in their strivings to arti ficially encourage emigration nnd there by increase ''their own profits, refrain irom no beans, no matter how base and vile they may be. Everywhere, not only national but also international ' i'ree labour I-1- recruiting agencies have beeu established to provide cheap labour for the greedy employers of other coun tries, and to supply the Shipping Com panies with passengers. We quote be low the following extract takun from the shoals of circulars with which such agencies flood\ liussia and the other eastern States ^ * 'The General Agency, 'The Traus lantic,' in London, has been commis sioned' to place 1^00 men in Sydney and in Canada.' The following men are required : 'Miners (cutters) possessing certi ficates. Payment by the ton. Cutters can earn from 60 to 1000 roubles a fort night (rouble equals 2/3). ' Assistant cutters. Payment by tbo ton. An average wage of. 4 roubles a dav and even more. '''Unskilled workers (1,UUU of 1,500) for work above, and below ground. Wages- between 7d, aud 9d. per hour. Nobody is bound to work underground, but bettor wages ai;e paid for this work. 44 Coke-oven workers for Sydney. Wages about 7| an hour. Work time 11 hours, but the work is light. 'Foundry workers for Sydney. Work time 10 hours; wages the same as for the coke-oven -workers. 'Workers for stone-qu«rryiug iu Marble Mountain. Work time 10 hours; wages about 7|d. an hour. Life in the Marble Mountain district is very pleasant. ? 4 'No experience aud no triade know ledge is demanded. Every hfealthy and billing man will be engaged! The fol lowing are also required: Stokers (4 roubles a day), iron-turners, carpenters, and foundry strikers and others. Every unskilled worker who is in communi cation with the General Agency, ' The Transatlantic,' 'may. he sure of employ ment' on theHSrst day of arrival. A minimum wage of 2.B roubles will be guaranteed to begin immediately. Later 4 roubles a day can be earned. Skilled workers can earn 4.8 roubles a day. ' 'The works management look after board and lodging. The necessary out lay amounts to 80 kopeks a day so that »ach worker can spare out of his own vages no less than 2 roubles. 'I'll oases of sickness the workers re vive medical attendance and financial issistanee to the extent of 10 roubles a ?reek. 'The travelling expenses must be borne by the worker himself. No money Aiil be advanced by the works manage ment. Knowledge of the language is lot necessary. In Canada and especi ally in the trades in question there are many Russians, aud many workers from Austria and the Balkan States, sosfchat ivery worker can get along with his ?nother tongue. 'Every worker who wishes t-v emi grate to Canada should write to the jffice of the general agency stating Iris lame, age. nationality, and the name -f the ship ill which he will eail and the late of sailing to Canada. He will Jieu receive a certificate of employ nent gnvds from the office. Whoever possesses a- certificate will experience no Uffieulty on landing in Canada. Th» »ric^s oi the railway tickets from the jocks to the places where the works ire, Sydney, Place Bay., and other dis tricts, are stated below.' We must state here clearly that the workers of the named mining companies u, Canada are chiefly foreigners, and that they have for a- long titae' been ?onductijig_ A_jigiii jigauist their em ployers in order to improve the misei jble position in which they find thein ;elves\ In this fight the military., ar rest of strikers, and brutalities of all ciuds play a big part. Miners have wen repeatedly brought from England bo act as strike-breakers. But in most cases the-: Canadian trades 'unions -ha v« got hold of them in time. For this reason attempts are now be ing made to get workers out of the more backward countries. They have to work 11 hours while the other organised workers in Canada have 8 and 9 hours days s\nd much higher wages than are offered the immigrants; wages in keep ing, with the high -cost of living. After vll it is only an attempt to organise strike-breakers in bulk; and therefore it seems suitable to bring such doings into the light of public knowledge in order to protect the credulous from in jury. It should also be stated that in all Canadian towns there is a great deal ' of unemployment at present. Workers' insurance in Russia; The 'Workers Insurance Act' caiue into force on the 1st of- January, 4913- ??- The administration of this law pro ceeds, however, very slowly. Of the total number of offices to be established, only a very few have been opened, so that in tbe period from January let tA No-ember 1st only 12 per cent of tl,p offices for workers coming under the In G=r- — ? . .t «r-an^ Act had coaaenoed, their ^nries Apart from the clumsiness of the scheme, the aov^rhm«9iit; Have SL»d insuperable dii&adiies; ..in the STof tbe workers vhb are ondeaTOur the management of tlte ? a&8ni*; An exceeding sharp oolifljet has broken out in Warsaw, where the Government jiag even opposed the agreement entered ihtb between the workers and the em 'Sbis. Officials of the Sick Fund ' Offices in the provinces have also been ^Wlien the second part -of the Insur ant Laws— the Accident Insurance section— will come into operation .is not; kn#« I* is Breli kno^Ji-tliat j.ke or trtmisation of the Accident Insurance law, is completely in the Ji&ads; of the eraplovers. Only in two of three out of the 12* districts have preparations '.been eo far conducted that the -application trf the prescriptions laid down by the law ran w put into effoctsat the beginning of next year. In the otb.er cases the eiiiplovers want still more 'time ' to suf ficMitly prepare' theniselvtps. State Life insurance. Massachusetts was the first of Che United States to introduce State Sav ing Banks and Life Insurance. This was done four years ago; especially in order to save the workers from the ex ploitation of private companies. The scheme of the State measure is that .the worker may deposit as much money as he: likes on pay day, either in one of the four State Savings Banks, winch, were used as receiving offices, or jn one of the 18 other hanks- which acts for them. From -these deposits a small amount is transferred periodically as premium -for the insurance. The policy may be one of six different kinds, among them — Life, Old Age, or Invalidity Insurance. The employers work in many cases hand in hand with the State and employ a clerk to keep the books, and at the same time to de duct a certain amount for the insur ance. They also often pay a part of the premium in the hope of thus bind ing the worker more firmly to the con cern. The present expenses are met by Stiite funds. This scheme has recom mended itself so much that i.t is being imitated by other States. 