Scandinavians on the Move. CAL-LT.N® UP RESERVISTS. A Scandinavian, now resident in Port Piria, has made the following observations to a Recorder reporter xmcerning the calling up of the Swedish and Danish reservists from Canada "You saw the cables this morning stating that Danish and Swedish re servists in Canada had been ordered i feome ?" he was asked. "Xes, . and it was just as I ex bested. If you remember, a week or two ago, in the course of conversa tion, I pointed out what would very likely occur if Great Britain persist ed in keeping the North Sea closed, to traffic. I said at the time that I thought such would lead to com plications . with the Scandinavian, countries abutting oii' that waterway, £he closing Of which to traffic would mean everything to them. The Scan dinavian countries 1 referred to- at the time Were Norway, Sweden, and Denmark. What else* could thejy <lo hut get their bristles up over the matter ? They had their only means of Communication by water with the outside world cut * o£ when the North Sea was closed to traffic." •^You , really think that the calling in of reserves by the countries nam ed is a hostile movement, then ?" he was asked. "I do. For a fair way through the North Sea means life itself to these countries." "Why. was Canada first selected from wheiice to call is. reserves?'.' . "The fact is there are more reserv ist immigrants belonging to the coun tries named in Canada and the Unit ed ' States than in any other part of the world. Because tie immigration schema, more especially with Canada, has been so extensive, and immi grants were able to get there from London 'lor 15/ a head." "If the. Scandinavian conritrles are so vitaily hit in the matter, how came it that no. mention is made of • any action on the part of is or way ?" "I cannot tell yon that. But so far as I can see Norway has little to fear from any hostile foe. Nature has provided her with "i/iiivar.-cs and fortifications far in advance of those constsucted by the hand of man, and she has only to extinguish the lights in her waters to be impregnable, for the, simple reason that all the navies in' the world would be unable to .penetrate far into her waters. B'ut I expect she will soon follow suit." "Weil, then, take the case of Swed-' en. Is she so friendly disposed to wards Germany ?" "Not that I am aware of. But she is, end . always has been, very chary of Russian encroachments. Mind you, 1 don't mean to say that the coun tries I have named would like to see Englaati in a corner—far from it— but if I am not mistaken they enter tain no kindly feeling towards Rus sia;*'':.., "Yoa are .a' Dane, are you not?" 1 am.'!' v-> " :"Ann have Germany and Denmark always been on very friendly terms?" "Well, no.'" For in 1863 Germany took a fine slice of Danish territory —Schieswig, and no doubt the Danes would like to have it baofc again." ; "What chance would she have of doing that if Germany got the upper hand of the Allies ?" "Well, in the past Russian rule has not favorably impressed- us. And it. is not so many years ago since her misgovernment was condemned throughout the world." "Do yoii think'..the -.eons-tries nam ed, in the trvent of. their uomaaencing. 5 uostilities against the Allies, would count to any very great extent ?" ' "E~ary little counts -when a nation already has her hands full. For my self, I hope the extreme step wS.1 be averted." "What about the numberless Danes, 1 " Swedes^ and Norwegians in Port Piaie -? D» you; think there sx-e many reservists among them ?" j "No. Tftev are nearly all runaway j /•sailors. The resery sts who Have been called in are men who have serv ed "their military" term- ■ -01 coarse, there may be some reserve men here, hut I 'not know of them.", "Now-, would it scrprise you to learn that' the reason for Sweden and Esttmark calling up. their reserv ists >?Rr&5.-;-thai thosfi countries were detOTrcic^d xo -utilize' thair forces in aiding Great Britain to free the North Sea of the scourge of mine laying- for which - it had been used b7 the .Germans even before there was any declaration of war. In a word, that these countries intended to as sist the Allies in purging European waters of the greatest curse with which they had even been afflicted?" "I cannot bring myself to that way of thinking." Printed arid Puhl-isned. Dally by Al-! fred Edwr<l South, at his Office I Ellen-St., Port Pitm, Sauth Aus- i v fcrali$. ' ■ ' ' | 