CONGRESS IN ROME. NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. REFORMS UNDER DEBATE. The quinquennial congress of the I National Council of Women will be; held, this year at the Qulrinol Hotel, Rome, from May 5 to 14. Delegates from Australia have al ready been chosen, and it is hoped they will all be able to attend, as this con gress is one of world-wide interest. Mrs. Henry Dobson, of the Tas mnnian Council, will be present as 'the Australian president. Mrs. Vickery Is the chosen delegate for immigration, and splendid papers have been pre pared for her by Mrs. Bqrff. Mrs. Mar tin Donahoe will represent the health committee, and will read papers pre pared by Dr. Grace Boelke. Mrs. Arthur Bassetter Is to advocate better laws for women and the annihilation of the white slave traffic, the parti culars, of these two subjects coming from Miss Rose Scott and Mrs. Nolan. Miss Sutherland stands for. education, and will deliver a lecture prepared by Miss Fidler, who has hiul so much to do with university women. Miss Edith Fry, who will urge universal suffrage and the granting of the rights of citi zenship to women, will read a paper prepared by Miss Rose -Scott, who as well is responsible for the general re •port of the National Council of Women here. The badge worn by delegatos at the conference Is a monogram brooch, com posed of the letters l.C.W. These badges are facsimiles of that given to Miss Susan B. Anthony in 1888 at the first International Congress of Women. Special railway facilities are being arranged by the Italian .authorities, and so that the visitors to Rome will have every opportunity for sightseeing ex pert guides will be in charge of the representatives, who will divide • into different groups, according to the lan guage they speak.. . The Austrian Council of Women has issued an invitation for the visiting delegates to break tiieir homeward trip at Vienim. Seating arrangements at the con gress. have been arranged so us to avoid confusion—each delegate • will find her seat under her national flag. Subjects for debate have already been put before the different commit tees. The women of France wish that a standing . committee be formed to consider trades, professions, und em ployments for women. Danish women advocate a standing committee on tem perance. The peace committee desires that every Government be persuaded to use mediation, even where the most vital issues are concerned, and, above all, this committee is anxious that pro vision be made for the protection of women and the prevention of wrongs against women in time ot war—the need for legislation in this direction was shown during the Turko- Bul garian war. Other reforms under debate will con cern the equal rights of parents In re gard to children, and it Is proposed that a State authority be empowered to make a decision where the parents are unable to come to .an agreement, i The combined National Councils will I discuss the necessity of juvenile courts j (which we in Australia are fortunate enough to have already), and permis sion for women to preside over these courts. (South Australia possesses this right, being ahead of the other States already In eight other social reforms). Still other pressing . needs have; arisen since the congress of, 1909, and debates will ensue upon the need of legal provision being made lor the maintenance of wives and children, and also for deserted wives and children, whether legitimate or illegitimate. AVomen of different nations are an xious that girls be Instructed in the law affecting women and children, a's welU a3 In the civic duties devolving upon women; thatit be mode compul sory for all employment *and 'agency bureaus to obtain licences that authorised supervision be made for immigrant girls travelling on board ' ship (at present they are alleged to be under the curb of the stewardess,, who, however, i has her time too much occupied for j chftperonage of these girls); and that! definite steps be taken for the suppres sion of houses of ill-fame. During the evenings the Countess of Aberdeen will preside over public lec tures. The subjects already chosen , are;—Life of women in rural districts, including rural professions for women, j and how to make Jife attractive, in j rural districts; Juvenile delinquency, I its causes und means of prevention, I with Its attendant argument's fur re- I creation as a preventive, and. the I i necessity of proper playgrounds; and, ! : finally, the economic aspects of wo- | | men's work, bringing forward for did- j cusslon the unpaid services of house wives* Australia's and San Francisco's Invl ; latioris to members of the "Women's Councils will be considered during the conference. . The Norweglari women have been asked to extend their hospitality far! the next quinquennial congress, to take place at Chrlstlanla in 1919. j 