'; FEMALE EMIGRATION.1 '.FAMILY DIFFICULTIES. l. USE'.OF. LABOUR EXCHANGES. SOURCES OF EMIGRATION. London. Jarf. 28. Discussing the question of female emigration, the report ''states that the surplus in Britain is mainly in the residential towns. It consists principally of elderly ladies and women servants. The. first ;are not possible1 immigrants, and servants can ill be spared. The ranks 6f female domestics have been deplet ed by the demands of commerce and -industry in the United Kingdom as compared with twenty years ago. The Commissioners intend to deal with this matter in greater detail in their final report. Dealing with the difficulty of ?family migration, the Commissioners state that the parents are often too old to settle comfortably. The man ds tempted 'to establish himself prematurely as a f armowner or as a tenant in a ? ready-made farm. There, is not existent any large extra farming on the share system in Aus tralia's highly commendable organ isation. Family migration will entail con siderable public expense before the ideal system is reached. The re port recommends a fuller use of the ? methods adopted in Pitt Town, New South Wales, which is an ad mirable institution. The Commissioners think it unde sirable to leave 'the duty of describ ing the attractions of the dominions to interested passage agents. There exists a widespread feeling, which the Commissioners consider justi fiable that misrepresentation is not uncommon, though few cases of actual fraud have occurred. , Tb3- .possibility of making greater Tiise iof the Britisih ? Laibouir Ex ?dbanges deiserves close attention, particularly in connexion wiLh juvenile emigration. The * Com mission reczimimiends g- eater co operation ib?trwe3n Ihs Home and Australasian Gorernm°nts rejrard-' ing the migration oi discharged Indian soldiers, manv of -whom are ?willing to go to Auis'ralvi, and New Zealand ibut find .great d'lflie-uliby in d'O^ng so, though they are already accustomed to a cliimate smore try ing than that of Northern Austra lia. Anv saving iby dir=-ct migration would .allow of 'Considerable finan cial assistance to s U'C-h j§?a i grants . :. Tftie Commission, was' - iavcmraibly' ; ;i|fi»preissed'''witih the 'Ge.vm-m ?settle* liien^: in Queensland '^aMd ~:S^0i'- Australia, and with/ the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian ' farmers in Victoria. Such immdgration would fee a wholesome addition to New Zealand and Southern Australia. .. ? 