HISTORY OF THE WAR. Part I. — The Beginning to the End of the German Advance in France. NO STANDARD and complete history of the Great War will be written until long after it has ended. There must be time to allow international passions to cool down, to en- able a collection of all the facts, from all the points of view, and to throw light upon the vast and complicated manoeuvres of the campaigns. Yet, just now, when the atmosphere of war is all about us, a history would be of the greatest value. We all want to know what the Empire and the Allies are fighting for, and the point of view of our opponents, and to get some connected idea of how the war has gone so far. But news paper reports are too fragmentary and offi cial, statements too complicated, and the evidence generally is too scrappy and con tradictory to allow anyone to make it all out for himself in his spare time. Though a standard history cannot be writ- leu yet, it is quite possible to write a short histoiy, which shall be correct, so far as it goes, and present a fair and unbiassed ac count of what has happened, so far as that definitely is known. This is what "The Daily Telegraph History of the War'' pro poses to do. It aims at being a general his tory, for ordinary people, not a technical , treatise for students of military tactics, and no effort has been spared to make it entirely reliable in all essential respects. Va rious British and other newspapers and magazines of standing, as well as official re ports and documents, have been drawn up on for facts and explanations, so that the history will contain a great deal of matter quite new to most Australasian readers, be- . sides explanations of much that must have been inexplicable before. All through, the attempt has been made- not to overburden the narrative with theories and historical reasons, but rather to present a simple, straightforward . account In a simple, straightforward way. Also, particular re gard has been paid to the requirements and point of view of the Australasian reader. For this reason, especial attention has been given to developments in Australia, New Zealand, and the Pacific, in the Dominions generally, and in Britain, to the operations at sea, and the doings of the British Ex peditionary Force in France. The first part of the history follows the course of the war up to the early days of September, when the advance of the German armies in France reached its farthest point, just be fore their slow retirement began. Other parts, carrying the hostory farther, will follow. Chapter L " THE CAUSES OF THE WAR. I. — MOTIVES AND OPPORTUNITY. rE Great War of 1814 began on July 2J, when Austria-Hungary declared war on Servia. Four days later Germany declared war oa Russia, and on August 2 she began to invade France, though she did not actually declare war on Franco until August 4. On that date Germany also Invaded Belgium, and Britain declared her- - self at war with Germany, and on August 24 Japan followed. So that before the end of August Inst there was war, or preparations for war, in all of the five continents, and every great Power was engaged except Italy and the United States. Millions of men were spending millions of money and incalculable stores of energy in hilling one another in all sorts of highly scientific ways, end also with the plain cold steel. "What was the reason of all this? There were a number of reasons. Racial hate and prejudice, revenge, effort after national ex pansion, desire for power, fear of being over whelmed in the future, pride and unwillingness to withdraw from a step once taken, as well as higher motives, all played their part. But this set of feelings had been in existence for a long : whllo without any war resulting from them. c That was because the opportunity did not arise. To get a clear idea of the whole business, then, . it will he necessary to consider, not only the underlying causes of the war, which were there ready to bring it about at any time, but also the chain of events which constituted the op portunity which led up to the actual outbreak, ' or series of outbreaks, in July and August, 1914. II.— GERMANY'S PART. fPUK main underlying cause of the war was Germany's yearly increasing need of na tional expansion, and the overmastering pride . and ambition of the military caste which go verned her. Probably every nation believes it self to be the salt of the earth. But in Germany this feeling was particularly vigorous, and par- . tlcularly anxious for material expression. It had found expression already in the world of ' science and commerce. But that was not enough. Germany wanted, and more especially her military and bureaucratic rulers wanted, a far larger share of the world and of its power. They felt that they had not their fair propor tion of these at present. They were jealous of Britain for having stepped in almost everywhere before them, and jealous of Russia, which was growing yearly more enormous, whereas they had no more room to grow. For a long while Germany had been aiming at power along the lines of expansion oversea. But here she was blocked in more ways than one. Though her people made excellent settlers, her rigid and bureaucratic system was not suited to the de velopment of new countries, where so much must depend on the initiative and freedom of the individual. In any case nearly all the best country for white settlement had been taken up already, mainly by Britain. For these . reasons Germany's colonies had been a heavy and increasing burden, without providing the means of expansion that had been hoped for. Yet, with a population of 55,009,008. increasing at the rate of a million a year, within an area of not much more than 200,000 square miles, Germany had to expand somehow, and it seemed very hard that all her surplus popula tion should go to add to the wealth and power of other countries. Alongside the desire for oversea expansion, there had grown up also a desire for expansion in Europe, by inclusion of such smaller States as Holland, Belgium, Luxemburg, Switzerland. Denmark, and pos sibly even Norway and Sweden, as were of Teutonic or allied stock. This latter sort of expansion would not have afforded Germany much more room for growth, but it would have added to her wealth and power. It would also have given her more seaports for her merchant ships and ships of war. Unfortunately for Germany, almost all the Great Powers stood across the path of her expansion. European, or oversea. Britain believed to he jealous of Germany's com mercial rivalry, and envied and feared because of her own maritime supremacy, was beforehand in Africa and Australia, and had always to be reckoned with by any nation which tried to upset the balance of power in Europe. The United States, with her Monroe doctrine, barred Germany out from any national acquisitions in America._ Russia, recovering fast from her disastrous 'war with Japan was quite likely by reason of her own ambitions in the Balkans, to cause Germany trouble through «her ally, Austria-Hungary. And France had to be reckoned with, hy reason of her alliance with Russia, and her desire for revenge and to get back the provinces that Germany took from her after 1S70, and because she would not be likely to submit quietly to German acquisitions at the expense of smaller States, or indeed to any addition to Germany's ' power. For an opportunity to crush France, check Russia, and humble Britain. German militarism, as distinct from the German people, had pro bably been waiting a long while. To one or the other of the3e ends, as well as towards expansion generally, German diplomacy had al ways been directed. But German diplomacy had proved, on the whole, rather clumsy and heavy- handed, and where it succeeded that was usu ally because it happened to be in a position to compel by downright threats. An excellent . example of this kind of thing was the Bosnia- Herzegovina crisis of 1903-9, whose circum stances. except for their conclusion, closely re sembled those which led up to the outbreak of the present war. In 190S Bosnia and Herzego vina were Turkish provinces, though Austria had occupied and administered them ever since the Berlin Congress of 1878. But in 1908 she suddenly annexed them. Servia, which was of the same national stock as the Bosnians and Herzegovinians, and had had hopes of including them, some day, in a greater Servia. demanded compensation. And Russia, whose close racial connection with all the Balkan peoples made her their natural protector at the same time that it filled her with all sorts of ambitions in regard to them, supported Servia. But sinco Russia had not yet recovered from her beating by Japan, she could not back her protestations up with force. Therefore, when the German Ambassador at St. Petersburg waited upon the Russian Foreign Minister, and informed him that unless Russia withdrew her objection her territory would be forthwith invaded by a combined German-Austrian force, which was ready on the frontier, Russia had to sub mit. But she did not forget. It looks very much as though Germany and Austria had ex pected to be able to repeat in 1914 the "diplo matic" triumph of 1909. But circumstances had changed in those five years. Another German triumph of the same kind occurred in the Mo roccan crisis of 1905, when, Russia being still weak and France unready for war, Germany practically compelled the resignation from the Fren?h Ministry of M. Delcasse, the man who had helped to bring about the understanding be tween Britain and France in 1904. But there were other cases in which Ger many was hy no means so successful. In 1901, for instance, as Sir Valentine Chirol showed not long ago, when Britain was engaged in tho South African War, Ger many did her best to draw her into an agree ment to support an attack upon the Monroe doc trine. Not long before this President Cleveland, of the United States, had considered the posi- tion taken up hy Britain over the Venezuela boundary question to amount to an attack upon this doctrine; so that Germany no doubt thought she had something to go upon. Probably she hoped to get hold of part of Brazil, which her emigrants had already helped to make prosper ous. Of course, Britain refuBed to have anything to do with the proposal. On the other hand, there is not much doubt that during that same South African "War Germany would have taken her opportunity against Britain herself if she had been strong enough. Everyone remembers the Kaiser's telegram at the time of the Jameson Raid, and his statement a little later as to the difference a powerful navy would have made to Germany, and the first German Naval Bill was introduced In 1900. Indeed, for the last four- teen or fifteen years It has been evident to Germany that oversea expansion meant the pos session of a fleet strong enough to make even Britain respect it. That she had had now, for a year or two, and with her splendid army she may well have thought that if she was ever to fight for world rule, it had better be now. For, in the eyes of the not very clear-sighted German militarists, every nation she might have to fear was in July and August, 1914, under some difficulty or the other. M. Hum bert's attack upon his country's military or ganisation had made it apparent that French forts wcro defective in structure, and unde fended against aerial attack, that French guns lacked ammunition, and French wireless instal lations were inefficient, that there were not enough boots for the French soldiers, and that millions of money granted for de- feuce had been wasted. It turns Out that this attack was, to say the least, of it, an exaggeration, but Germany seems to have relied npon its truth. Nor, as far as she ' could see, were her other adversaries in any better case. Russia was upset by violent Indus trial disturbances, and Britain, besides purely English dissensions, was threatened with civil war in Ireland, supported hy many of her own army officers. In addition, both Empires con tained centres of disaffection which war might at any time arouse. Germany could work against Russia in Poland, and— by means of her friend Turkey— against Britain in Egypt and India. German diplomats arc notorious for in capacity to understand other peoples' and other nations points of view, and they seem to have entirely failed to appreciate the danger of building npon hopes of this kind. Apparently, they believed, at any rate at first, that under the circumstances, Russia might be bluffed into inaction, and werd convinced right up to the last that Britain, with her well-known love of peace, both for its own sake and for other rea sons, might easily be persuaded not to inter vene. If Russia could be kept qnlet, her in fluence would receive a decided set-back in the Balkans, and the way would be opened for Aus trian extension there. And if she showed fight, Germany, with her marvellous military organi sation—and. when all is said and done, it cer tainly has proved marvellous — would swoop down upon France, and, crushing her, get back in time to humble Russia. The absorption of the smaller- States might be attended to later on, and then she would be ready for Britain. "First Paris, then St. Petersburg, then Lon don," as the German soldiers said. Of course. Britain could not be expected to sit calm and idle through all this, hut with PYance crashed and Russia hum- hied, end the sea coast opposite her open, the "mailed fist" might be shaken at her far more effectively. Indeed, It might not be long before, with South Africa, perhaps, as a starting point, she conld begin again at Britain's ex pense her career of colonial expansion. Or, since it was intended to rob France of her colo nies, Noumea might provide a convenient step- ping-off point for Australia. In some such way as this the plans of the more optimistic of the war-lords may have developed. It must not he imagined, however, that the whole German nation looked upon things from this point of view. As will be seen later, the great majority of them seem to have honestly believed that their country had been forced into the war. Ill,— AUSTRIA. "V EXT In importance to Germany's share in bringing about the world- war is that of Austria-Hungary. This country was not so much a nation, as a collection of mutually discordant races, ruled by the Emperor of Austria, who was also King of Hungary. In the first place, the Germanic race which ruled in Austria looked down upon the Magyars, who were the ruling race in Hungary, and the Mag yars hated the German Austrians whole-heart edly in return. Secondly, each of these ruling races governed, and more or less played the tyrant over, subject populations, chiefly Slavonic, which exceeded them in num bers, and hated them bitterly for past and present acts of oppression. Austria was split up into no less than seventeen pro vinces, each with its own political assembly. Hungary consisted of.Hungary proper and Croa tia, which had its own provincial assembly and a measure of self-government, of which Hungary was continually trying to rob it. Finally, there was Bosnia, annexed six years ago, as was said, from Turkey, which belonged to the joint -Aus- tro-Hungarlan Empire. The population of Aus tria and Hungary, taken together, was nearly 51,000,000. Of this total, 12.000.000 were Ger mans ana 10,000.000 Magyars. No fewer than 25,000,000 were Slavs; that is to say, Czechs, Poles, Ruthenians, Slovaks. Slovenes, Croatlans, and Servians. The remainder were Roumanians, together with 750,000 Italians in the region of the Trentino, which formerly belonged to Italy. And the people of the Dual Monarchy were separated by religious as well as racial divi sions. While the majority were Roman Catho lics, practically one-fifth of the inhabitants he- longed to the Greek Church, which was the Church of Russia and the Balkan States. This heterogeneous assemblage of races and religions was held together hy the ties of a common army and Cabinet (of three Ministers) under the Emperor-King. The traditional policy of the ruling dynasty, the Hapshurgs, ' had been to play off one nationality against the others, and to suppress any which showed signs of rising. They knew that the Servians of Bos nia and Croatia had been excited and filled with all sorts of hopes by Servia's success in the Balkan War. And Servia was just next door to . them, and had her own aspirations. It was believed that these took the form of further expansion at Austria's expense, and this was certainly true of a party In Servia, though It did not follow that the Servian Government was, as Austria practically contended, preach ing sedition among the Austrian Slavs. At any rate. Servia was believed to be a source of disaffection and . danger in Austria- Hungary, and tbcre was a strong desire to glvo her a lesson. Very likely it was thought that what had been done in the case of Bosnia and Herzegovina might eventually te repeated in the case of Servia also. And, Incidentally, Aus tria wanted the seaport of Salonika, which had belonged to Greece since the Balkan War. The fact that Servia was landlocked had given Aus tria a certain hold over her by means of tariffs. But Greece, as Servia's ally, had been able to help her out of the difficulty by allowing her the use of Salonika, which was not far from Servia's southern border, and the result hod been a considerable impetus to Servia's de velopment. But, in any case, the gain of Salonika wonld be Important in itself. The assassination at Serajevo, therefore, not only further angered the Austrian Government, but gave it an opportunity it had long been look ing for. IV.— RUSSIA AND THE BALKANS. T>US3IA'3 part in bringing about hostilities Is. now, not hard to understand. Her close racial connection with Servia and the other Balkan peoples has been explained. She supported Bosnia and Herzegovina in their re volt against Turkey in 1S76, and did all she could to prevent their absorption hy Austria later on. Austria had, however, always suspected that Russia's intervention on behalf of the Balkan Slavs was not quite disinterested, but under taken with an eye to possession of the Bos- phorus and the Dardanelles. And there was. . no doubt, some reason for this suspicion. At any rate, it may thus he seen why Russia, hav ing recovered from her difficulties tar more than either Austria or Germany believed, was wil ling to risk a good deal" in order to prevent the crashing and probable absorption, of Servia. She had revenge to take, and lost prestige to restore, and there was among the Russian people generally a sympathy for the little State in its straggle against Austria's overwhelming demands, which was as genuine as their hatred for everything Germanic was deep. It war came of her intervention, Russia knew that she could rely upon the help of France at least, and perhaps of Britain. V.— FRANCE AND BRITAIN. fTHE position of these two countries is to a -1- great extent implied In the explanations given already. France was bound to support Russia, not only by the terms of the Dual Alliance, which was ratified in 1S91, as a protection against the Triple Alliance between Germany, Austria, and Italy, but also by a very clear perception of the fact that Germany was de termined to crush her at the first opportunity. On the other hand, the Triple Entente, which included Britain with France and Russia, was not an alliance so much as a cordial under standing. It developed out of agreements come to between Britain and France in 1904 and Britain and Russia in 1907, for the settlement of various disputes. Bnt though a general understanding was thus set up, and, though the public generally. In both Russia and France, seems to have believed Britain bound, at least morally, to intervene on their side, she was under no treaty obligation of any kind. Her motives for stepping in were mixed. Servia had nothing whatever to do with them,- nor would the mere existence of the Entente have been enough to induce Britain's representatives to have brought down upon their country the . inevitable risks and losses of this enormous war. One motive was furnished hy Germany's deliberate violation of a neutrality which both she and Britain had definitely undertaken to respect and defend, and another lay In the knowledge that a German victory over France and Russia would mean the Gcrmanisation of Europe, the establishment of a world- power which might well prove overwhelming, and which was known to be jealous of Britain, and believed to have designs upon her colonies as well as upon her trade. It is not much use arguing whether Britain would have gone to war over the violation of Belgium's neutrality had there been nothing to fear from Germany afterwards. On the one hand, there Is the fact that though Ger many violated the neutrality of Luxemburg also Britain did not make a pretext for war out of that. Also, the course Germany took can have been no sudden surprise to anybody who had studied these things. That in case of war with France she meant to strike through Belgium had been known to the strategists for years. Why. she had a system of obviously military railways built right up to the Bel gian border under Europe's nose! It must he remembered also, in considering problems of war and peace, that Governments and Foreign Ministers owe a duty to the millions of their own people to preserve peace for them at al most any cost. Little nations and provinces have before now been allowed to go to the wall for tear of a worse thing, as, for Instance, in the case of Schleswig-Holstein. On the other hand, war or peace depends a great deal, in a more or less democratic country such as Britain, upon the will of the people generally, as Sir Edward Grey reminded Germany more than once during his efforts to keep the peace of Europe. And there is not the slightest doubt that the violation of Belgium's neutrality pro duced a very great effect upon the Bri tish Parliament and pubiio. Luxemburg made no active protest; indeed,, she could not. But, though Belgium's heroic struggle . and the brutalities of the German troops to the Belgians could not have hoen forecasted, everybody outside Germany knew that at any rate Belgium was going to fight, and that she was In the -right. All . this made a powerful appeal, for "sentimental" reasons often count very much Indeed.- Finally, though technically Britain was not bound to support , France and Russia, the indications were that non- intervention would have been taken as a supreme betrayal, and that in that caso Britain would have found it exceedingly difficult in the future to get any nation to enter into an alliance with her. At any rate, probably from mixed motives, Britain did intervene. The only other combatant, up to the end pf \- the period covered by this volume, was Japan. The terms of her alliance with " ' Britain were certainly, broad enough to cover her intervention "to protect the general interests in the Far East." But it is not prob able that Japan was sorry to step in. Germany had led the coalition that took from her the fruits of her victories in the Chino-Japanese war. RusEia'and France were the other parties to the coalition, from which Britain stood out. France's action was well understood as de pendent upon Russia's, and upon Russia Japan had had her revenge. But Germany remained, and an Oriental nation is slow to forget. Per haps also Japan was anxious to show that she, at any rate, attached importance to a "scrap of paper.," 1 Chapter II. HOW THE WAR CAME ABOUT. J.— THE TWO WHITE BOOKS. A GREAT deal of light is thrown upon the chain of circumstances which led up to the . war by the White Books published by the British and German Governments. The diiler- «ncCs between these two books are instructive. The British While Book consists simply of the messages, mainly telegraphic, which passed between the British Minister for Foreign Af fairs (Sir Edward Grey), and the British diplo matic representatives in the European States concerned, together with any communications made to them by the representatives of those StatC3. There is no. comment a full and straightforward record of facts is left to speak for itself. The German White Book, on the other hand, represents an elaborate setting out of the rights and wrongs ot the case from the German and Austrian point of view. It gives only a selection ot the actual official docu ments, with some notable omissions, ah d sup plements tbem with so'me'special pleading, part- Jy Jn the form of German 'newspaper extracts, whose object is to throw the whole blame of the war upon Russia and Servia. Even on the face of It. there would seem to he something - wrong when so much official explanation has to be .made. It would be hard- for any un biassed person — if there are any — to read these two White Books, without coming to several very definite conclusions; that at least two of the States- concerned, Britain and "France, went to the very furLhest limits in order to avoid war; that another State, Russia, went at least a long way to avoid it; and that the per sistence of Austria, backed up by Germany, in impossible demands, made war inevitable. On looking a little closer, however, It becomes . c-lear that backing Austria up Is not an ade quate description of Germany's part. In these preliminary negotiations. For, after various British " suggestions towards a way out of the international difficulties had been rejected, Aus tria at the. last moment declared herself will ing to moderate her demands and discuss mat ters. quietly with Russia. And at this point Germany, which had all along represented hcr- self as working Incessantly "shoulder to shoul der with England" for mediation, took" the ' irretrievable step" for her ally and herself, by sending Russia the ultimatum - which brought down tie whole world calamity. II.— THE ASSASSINATION AND AUS TRIA'S NOTE. 'THE first link in the chain of events which led up to the war was the assassina tion of the Archduke Francis Ferdinand, heir presumptive to the Austrian ' throne, and his morganatic wife, the Duchess of iiohenberg, at Serajevo, on June 28. Serajevo was the capital of Bosnia, the province which Austria had annexed only five years before, and whese common bonds with Servia have teen mentioned. , The assassins, for the actual crime was preceded by an unsuccessful attempt, were both Serbs, but, according to the Ser vian Minister in London, they were natives of Bosnia, and, 'therefore, Austrian subjects. Sue of tb.em, the Minister said, had been in Servia, and the Servian authorities wanted to expel him, but Austria had prevented them, declaring that he was innocent and harmless. Whether these statements are correct or not, both men seem to have played a leading part in anti-Austrian agitation, and the aetuul murderer declared, on his arrest, that he had meant to kill some, eminent person from nationalistic motives. Af ter a not very satisfactory investigation the Austrian Government announced that Servian officials had been found to be implicated in tbe crime, aud tliat the weapons used had come from the arms depot of the Servian army. It Is, however, interesting to note that at the time the German socialistic paper, "Vor- wacrts," declared that the crime showed how Austria more and more threatened the peace of Europe. The Servian Government issued a statement expressing its horror at what had happened, hut complaining at tbe same time that the German press was ' trying to put the blame on ScrviH. Early in July the German "Lokol Anzelger," in' an inspired article, declared that if responsibility was brought home to Servian subjects, every step taken by Austria would receive Germany's sup port. A little later tbe German Ambassador in Britain told Sir Edward Grey that be ie- . carded tbe Austro-Servian situation as "very uncomfortable," and tbe German Foreign Min ister informed tbe British Ambassador at Ber lin that tbe matter would have to be settled -between Austria and Servia alone; there must bo no interference from outside. "Outside," of course, meant Russia, "From tbe very beginning," says the German White Book, "we took the stand that this was Austria's affair, which she alone would have to bring to a de cision." The next event of importance was tbe for warding by Austria to Servia, on July 23, of a "Note" containing demands with which no self-respecting independent State, however in significant, couTd have complied. A glance at the text of the Note would convince the most sceptical that Austria's aim was nothing less than such a public humiliation as would have gone far beyond the limits of Servia, and dealt a considerable biow to Russia's prestige, cs- \- peclaliy in the Balkans. The document, in deed, was not a "Note" In the diplomatic sense at all; it was much more like the instruc tions that might be issued by an overbearing superior officer to a criminal Junior. It charged Servia with culpable tolerance ot crime, spoke ot Austria's long forbearance, and de manded not only an official and printed apology, but the suppression of publications, the dissolu tion of societies, the dismissal of officers, aud the admission of Austrian police to suppress what Austria might consider proper to be sup pressed. And it gave Servia just 48 hours \- to reply. Some indication ot the light in - which Austria looked upon the little State she was addressing in this way is contained in a sentence spoken n week later by the Austrian \- Ambassador in London to Sir Edward Grey. Ho remarked that "before the Balkan war Scr- via had always been regarded as within the Austrian sphere of influence." It has been stated since, on good ' authority, that tlio Gcr- i man Government knew and approved of the Note before it was sent, if, indeed, It did not sent, if, -indeed, it did not actually draw actually draw it up. It was clear now that a world-wsr was on the cards. The Note prac tically amounted to a challenge to Russia, mads l:y Austria; and Backed up" by Germany, and, in spite of Austro-German contentions to the ccnlrary, it is hard to sec how anything else can have been meant. These two countries were playing exactly the same- game that they had played before", once during the Bosnia- Herzegovina crisis, and again during the Bal kan war. III. — BRITAIN'S EFFORTS FOR PEACE. "BRITAIN' joined in protesting gainst the -1- terms of the Note, and especially against the imposition of a time limit, and so short a one at that. But she refused to proclaim her solidarity with Russia and France, though she also tnade it clear that she did not necessarily stand aside under all circumstances. Germany emphasised the view that Austria and Servia alone were concerned. All the members of tbe Entente urged Servia to send as favorable a reply as possible, atd Servia, as will be seen a little later, went to extreme lengths in her effort to satisfy Austria. But she did not promise- unconditional compliance with the de mands made, and Germany and Austria would accept nothing less. The German Foreign Minister admitted in private that some of the demands weru such as Servia could not swallow — that is, in effect, that Austria meant war— and that the Note left much to be desired as a diplomatic document. He denied, however, hav ing seen the Note in advance, and declared himself willing, if relations between Rudsia and Austria became threatening, to fall in with a suggestion of Sir Edward Grey's, that Ger many, Italy, France, and Britain should work -together for moderation; Russia declared that she did not want war, but could not allow Ser- .via to be crushed. . From now on evenis crowded thickly one upon another. Sir Edward Grey proposed a conference of the representatives of Eritain, France, Italy, and Germany, in London, to try to discover a way out of the international complications. France and Italy were willing to take part, and Russia agreed to the holding of the conference, but Germany, in spite of tbe statement made a little earlier by her Foreign Minister, refused. The reason given was the rather disingenuous one, that 'such a conference "would practically amount -to a Court of Ar bitration, and could not Be called together except at the request of Austria and Russia." Servia had by this time sent in her answer to the Note. Austria declared it unsatisfactory, and it became generally realised that she would listen to no - proposals for mediation. \- There still seemed hope, however, that good might come from direct negotiations between Russia and Austria. Russia undertook to do all she could to keep the Servians quiet during any discussions which might take place. Acting on her advice Servia advanced so far to meet Austria as -practically to. promise compliance with every \- requirement except that for the intervention : -of Austrian officials. But on July 28, just when it appeared, from a statement by the , Servian charge d'affaires at Rome, that even this difficulty might be got over, Austria re fused to agree to an exchange of views with Russia, declared war on Servia, and fired upon Servian vessels on the Danube. On the same day the Emperor Francis Joseph issued a Re script, declaring that in spite of a fervent wish ."to consecrate the years which, by the grace -ot God, still remain to mc to the works of peace," the "intrigues of a malevolent oppo nent" compelled him, in defence of Austria's honor, to grasp , the sword. This wa3 backed up by an official announcement that Austria fought, not on account of land hunger, but for political honesty, justice, and morality, and tor the ethical culture of the weBt. The German Imperial Chancellor claimed to be most anxious to work together with Britain in . tlie interests of peace, and to be doing bis best !to get Russia and Austria to discuss matters in a friendly way. But he said that if Rutsia mobilised the position would be serious. As a, matter of fact, Germany's own mobilisation is believed to have begun upon this date, or even earlier. During the next few days a series of telegrams passed between the Kaiser aud the Czar. The Kaiser asserted -that he was doing his best to bring about a. direct under standing between Austria aud Russia, and asked Russia not to. mobilise, since that would be taken as a threat The Czar replied that Russian mobilisation was rendered necessary by that of Austria, and could not be stopped, but hoped that this would not influence the Kaiser's position as mediator. Russia did, in . fact, partly mobilise on July .29. On the next day she offered, however, to stop all military preparations, provided Austria wpuld eliminate from her ultimatum the points- which violated the principle ot Sorvla's independence. . On July 31, though, at the news, that Austria's troops were being moved against . Russia as well as Servia, a general mobilisation was or- dcred, she repeated . the same . offer, and two days later still, on August 1, Russia announced ' to Britain, and Austria announced to Ger many, that they were ready to negotiate. Aus tria even went so far as to declare that she bad no intention to Impair the sovereign rights of Servia. That meant that a way out had been found, that peace was now possible. But it was all for nothing, for on the previous day Germany Bad sent an ultimatum to Russia requiring her to demobilise within twelve ' hours, and on August 1 she declared war. Ac cording to a statement made later by M. Hano- taux, late Foreign Minister for France, there \- must have been a distinct difference, if not opposition, between Austria and Germany about this time. ' M.Hanotaux declared that on August 31 the Austrian Ambassador said to ' bim that it was Germany, not Austria or Rus sia, that wanted war. However, Germany hav ing stepped in, Austria had to follow. IV.— GERMANY'S OFFER TO BRITAIN. AS a matter of fact, in spite of the Kaiser's ' telegrams, it is evident that Germany had practically decided on war some days before. For not only was her mobilisation already under way, but on July 29 she bad made an elaborate bid for the neutrality of Britain. On that day the Imperial Chancellor, Dr. von Betbmann Hollweg,. discussing the possibilities ot a gene ral war, remarked that it was clear Britain would never stand by and allow France to be crushed in any conflict. That, however, was not, he said, the object at which Germany aimed. Provided Britain's neutrality were cer tain, Germany would aim at no territorial ac quisitions at the expense of France, should . she prove victorious in auy war. When pressed, however, he would not give a similar undertak ing as to the French colonies. And he said that Germany's action as to Belgium depended on France. lie trusted, ho added, that these assurances would form the basis ot an Angio- German understanding. He had in mind a gene ral neutrality agreement with England, though it wa3 too early to discuss details of that. To these proposals Sir Edward Grey replied " ' very sharply: "His Majesty's Government," ho said, "cannot for a moment entertain ths Chancellor's proposal. What he asks us in effect is to engage to stand by while French colonies are taken, and France is beaten, so long as Germany does not take French terri tory as distinct from her colonies. From the material point of view such a proposal is unacceptable, for France, without further ter ritory in Europe being taken from her, might be so crushed as to lose her position as a Great Power, and become subordinate to Ger man policy. But apart from that, it would le a disgrace for us to make this bargain with Germany at the expense of France, a disgiace . from which the good name of this country would never recover. The Chancellor also in effect asks us to bargain away whatever obli gation or interest we have as regards the neu trality of Belgium. We could - not entertain that bargain either." The one way of main taining ghod relations between England aud Germany, he added, was that they should con tinue to work together to "preserve the peace of Europe. Sir Edward Grey also told the German Ambassador in London that if Ger many could'put forward a proposal which would make it clear that Germany and Austria were striving to preserve peace, and that Russia and France would be unreasonable in the event of such a proposal being rejected, lie would sup port it at St. Petersburg and Paris. If Rus sia and France did not accept the proposal, Britain would have nothing further to do with the matter. Otherwise, if France became in volved, Britain would be drawn In. On July 31, the day of Russia's general mobilisation, when it became clear that Germany would probably mobilise also,, Sir Edward Grey told Belgium that he expected she would maintain her neu trality to the utmost of her powers. And he asked France and Germany whether they, were prepared to respect Eelgium's neutrality. France gave tbe required assurance at once. Ger many would say nothing definite; the Secretary ot State "thought any reply they might give could not but disclose a certain amount of their campaign in the event of war ensuing." Germany alleged, however, that hostile acts bad alredy been committed by Belgium. Germany now began to press more and more strongly for, Britain's neutrality. On August 1, -the German Ambassador in London suggested that the integrity of both France and her co lonies might be guaranteed, and he even asked whether Britain would remain neu tral if Germany promised not to interfere with Belgium. Sir Edward Grey re plied that Britain's attitude would be deter mined largely, by British public opinion, and that tbe neutrality of Belgium would appeal to public opinion very strongly. But be would not definitely be beaten down. On the . same day there was an exchange of telegrams (witn the idea of attempting to smooth things over) between King George and the Czar. But it was too late; between King George's message and the Czar's reply came Germany's declaration of war on Russia. France, which had risked some thing by holding back hitherto, was now ob liged to mobilise. On the next day, Sunday, August 2. German troops invaded Luxemburg, and crossed the French frontier at Cirey. Also British-ships were seized in German harbors. The Imperial Chan cellor explained that the military measures "taken in Luxemburg were not intended as a hostile act, but only to insure against a pos sible attack Irom France. And an apology was sent to Britain for the seizure of her ships. But the ships were not released. Germany al so asked Belgium to allow her troops free pas sage, asserting that this was rendered neces sary by the massing of French troops near the Belgian town ot Givet. In return, Germany promised to maintain the independence of Bel gium and her possessions, but threatened war . in case of refusal. The Belgian Government re plied that it was surprised at such statements about the movements of the French army, since France had given assurances in respect to Bel gian neutrality; that Belgium had too high a regard for her dignity to acquiesce in the ul timatum; that she refused to facilitate German operations; and that she was ready to defend energetically her neutrality, which was guaran teed by treaties signed by the King of Prussia, himself. France offered the support of five French army corps, but Belgium replied that though grateful for the offer, she did not pro pose to appeal to the guarantee of the Powers Just yet. By this time not only Belgium, but Holland, Switzerland, and the Scandinavian States had mobilised. Italy, which had heard nothing from her two partners in the Triple Alliance since July 23, when she had received a .memorandum, sent to other nations also, as"5" to the Servian Note, declared that since this was a war of aggression, she would remain neu tral. Now in the cast as well as in the west the war began, Russian troops crossing the frontier ot East Prussia. Brussels was in a. state of panic, and there was . a rush on the Belgian .: National Bank. Every Stock Exchange in Eu rope, nnd all of importance in America, had closed down,. and business was at a standstill. The Bank of England discount rate rose, tem porarily, to 10 per cent. Everything was in a state of flux and excitement; tremendous events Impended; arms and ammunition factories worked night and day; thousands of soldiers marched excitedly along streets and into rail way carriages; diplomats conducted their final "conversations" before packing up their lug gage; tourists fought and -manoeuvred for a passage home; all Europe lay under the shadow of fear. Sir Edward Grey assured the French Ambassador that if the German Fleet came into the Channel or through the North Sea, to attack French coasts or shipping, Britain would give all the protection in her power. On the next day be laid the general position before the House ot Commons. He described Ger many's threat to Belgium, and read out a final appeal for diplomatic intervention, sent to King George by the King ot the Belgians, f'lf, In a crisis like this," Sir Edward said, "we were to run away from our obligations of honor and interest with regard to the Belgian Treaty, I doubt, whatever material force we might have at the end, whether it would be of very much value in face of the respect wo should . have lost." He added that he understood the German Government was prepared, in return for Britain's neutrality, to pledge itself not to attack the northern coast of France. But this was far too narrow an engagement. That same day the British Fleet was mobilised. V.— BRITAIN INTERVENES. "" fVN tho next day, August '4, came the crisis. Germany announced that since the Belgian Government had declined her "well-intentioned proposals, she would, deeply to her regret, bo compelled to "carry out by force of arms the measures considered indispensable iit view of the French menaces." And German troops marched on Liege. At the same time, Germany repeated to Britain her assurance that even in the case of armed conflict, she would not annex Belgian territory. Britain's reply took tho form of. an ultimatum; she demanded that Germany should at once stop her advance and undertake to respect Belgium's neutrality, and asked for a satisfactory answer before mid night. There followed a now famous interview be- tween tlie German Imperial Chancellor and the British Ambassador in Berlin, Sir E. Goschen, which may be described in the lat- ter's words. "I found," he said, "the Chan cellor very agitated. His Excellency at once began a harangue, which lasted for about 20 minutes. He said that the step taken by his Majesty's Government was terrible to a degree; just for a word — 'neutrality,' a word which in war lime had so often been disregarded— just for a scrap of papc-r Great Britain was going to make war on a kindred nation which desired nothing" better than to be friends with her. All his efforts in that direction had been ren dered useless by this last terrible step, and the policy to which, as I knew, he bad devoted himself since his accession to office had tum bled down like a house of cards. What we had done was unthinkable; it was like striking a man from behind while he was fighting for his life against two assailants. He held Great Britain responsible for all the terrible events that might happen. I protested strongly against this statement, and said that, in the same way as he and Herr von Jagow wished me to understand that for strategical reasons it was a matter of life and death to Germany to advance through Belgium and violate the latter's neutrality, so I would wish him to un derstand that it was, so to speak, a matter of 'life and death' for the honor of Great Britain that she should keep her solemn engagement to do her utmost to defend Belgium's neutral ity if attacked. That solemn compact simply had to be kept, or what confidence could any one have in engagements given by Great Britain in the future? The Chancellor said, 'But at what price will that compact have been kept. Has the British Government thought of that?' I hinted to his Excellency as plainly as I could that fear of consequences could hardly be regarded as an excuse for breaking solemn engagements, but his Excellency was so excited, so evidently overcome by the news of our action, and so little disposed to hear reason that I refrained from adding fuel to the flame by further argument." . There could be no withdrawing now. A slate of war between Eritain and Germany was offi cially announced, and orders issued to mobi lise tlie British army. Germany,- rather late in the day, declared herself at 'war with France, and Austria issued her official notifications a little later. The United States formally de clared neutrality; every other great Power but Japan and Italy was now at war, and Japan was soon to follow. Chapter HI. IN BRITAIN. I.— LONDON'S CALM. AFTER the first rush of excitement the outbreak of war with Germany was re ceived In Britain with characteristic calm. Now that the long week of sus pense was over, certainty of any kind was some relief. To the American tour ists whom war bad c-aught unawares, and tlie othe'r refugees from the Continent who flocked across the Channel as fast as the over loaded boats could carry them, Britain was an island of refuge; unshaken by the surround ing storm. The immense contrast between London at this time and the Continental capi tals has been recorded by such unprejudiced ob servers. Although there was always fighting on some frontier of ihe Empire, Britain had not been at war with a great Power for nearly 60 years. And now, though she had done her best to preserve peace, she was not caught unawares.' Nor was she even suddenly at tacked. She had intervened deliberately in a war not of her own making, for reasons which practically the whole of her population ap- . proved. She knew herself to be isolated by sea, her coasts guarded, and her trade guaranteed by a navy which it would be hard to imagine conquered. Through one European convulsion after another she had remained secure from invasion for nearly nine centuries. It was natural enough then that her people should be filled with a security and a confidence surpris ing at first sight. Also, tho English tempera ment is not characteristically emotional at times of crisis, and though passing war scares had excited the neurotic often enough, when the big thing came, it was taken coolly. There were even complaints that it was taken too coolly, that every young man iff Britain should have asked for a. rifle at once. But it was hard to find enough drill instructors as it was, and that would simply have overwhelmed them. The average Englishman does not consider war for its own sake a glorious thing, and it was a little while before the whole -country realised that ships were not enough; that men were wanted, and by the hundred thousand. Yet ten weeks after the war started, Britain had in training three-quarters of a million men. The time limit' laid down in "Britain's ultima- " turn expired at midnight on August 4. All that day, as the news of the ultimatum spread, tension in London grew, and the main thorough fares became more and more congested until by nightfall they were packed with cheering and Binging crowds. Scores of motor-cars " carrying men and women in evening dress . wound slowly among them, and Union Jacks and tricolors waved from cabs, omnibuses, "cars, house windows, and groups collected about the bases of monuments. Glimpses of khaki, field guns, and ammunition waggons lumbering by caused outbursts of enthusiasm. The excite ment reached its height outside Buckingham Palace, where a vast crowd had gathered early in the evening. Three times, the last after eleven o'clock, the King and Queen and tho Prince of Wales liad to appear on the balcony before the people would disperse. The throne seemed to have become at this great crisis a symbol of the unity of Britain. Towards twelve o'clock, as tho time limit laifl down for Ger many expired, a profound silence fell. Midnight Btruck, and a vast cheer broke out which lasted with Its echoes and re-echoes, for nearly twenty minutes, and innumerable voices sang the Na tional Anthem. But, after this, London went hack again to the ordinary, steady current of its at- . fairs. There was no jingoism or mafficking; though war was ' in the minds of ever-yone, the crowds in the streets were not visibly ex- \- cited. Flags were waved and patriotic songs sung by people who would -have made a noise under any circumstances, but these were main ly youths. And everywhere beneath the sur face there was a settled and evident determina tion to sec this -tiling through. Often tho most light-hearted were the first to enlist. Enemy subjects were treated, on the whole,' with wonderful tolerance. Reservists were, of ; course, arrested, and all Germans and Aus- trians who remained jn Britain — there aro said to have been at least 30,000 in London " alone — were obliged to register, and forbidden to carry arms, or run motors or own petrol. And an Act was passed subjecting to court- martial, though without the death penalty, any person communicating with the enemy or In terfering with British communications. But there were only one or two cases of property- j wrecking, and foreigners had nothing whatever to fear from the crowd. This, was the more remarkable In that on the "night war was . de clared a great demonstration oL hostility to Britain was made outside the German Embassy. Except for the closing of the Stock Exchange— which to.ok place on the last day of August — the crowds outside the 7Var Office, Buckingham Palace, and the newspaper offices, and the con tinual passage of khaki-colored troops. Lon don streets seemed almost normal. II.— NO MORE PARTIES. TT is true that for week3 war had been in the A air, and for some days most people bad ex pected it- Indeed, the British authorities were no more taken by surprise than the German, and naval preparations had been proceeding for nearly a month at full speed. Immediately Austria made it clear that the Serajevo assas sinations were to be made the excuse for an attack on the Servians, and probably the an nexation of their country, first Russia, and then France, warned the British Foreign Office that, nothing short of a miracle could prevent a general European war early in August. It is now commonly understood that Mr. Asquith's procrastination over the Home Rule question was due to the necessity for avoiding an ar bitrary settlement until the European crisis was over. Had a Provisional Government been set up in Ulster, or fighting commenced be- " tween the Nationalists and the Covenanters, it is doubtful whether England would have pre sented the solid front she did. But the policy of procrastination succeeded, and all the while the- Admiralty and the "War Office were working at high pressure day and night. The bulk of the people, however, had no fore knowledge, and until a few days before the sending of the British ultimatum, politicians wrangled, suffragettes spoiled golf links and burned buildings;. and preparations for armea rebellion proceeded in Ireland. But the evi dence that war was inevitable was like a wet blanket clapped on top of all these little fires. Divisions of thought throughout Britain closed up against the common danger at once. Politi cal and parly lines faded, militant suffragettes buried their little hatchets, Orangemen and Nationalists shook hands with enthusiasm, and got ready to co-operate in defending Ireland. Mr. Asquith's Government had been, perhaps, the best hated, outside the ranks of its own supporters, on record. Yet the whole nation formed up in rank behind it now. Thi3 was due, to a great extent, to Sir Edward Grey's explanations in the House, immediately before and after war brokb out, and a general feeling that, through him. Britain had in this crisis as in the Moroccan crisis and the Balkan crisis, done her utmost to preserve peace. On the morning of August 3, when he announced in Parliament the attitude which the Government ' had adopted all along, the Chamber was so full that chairs had to be set in the gangway of the House, for the first time since Gladstone's introduction of the first Home Rule Bill, in 1SG6. Sir Edward Grey explained the position clearly, gravely, and in moderate terms. It grew increasingly evident that he was speaking to a united House. When he an nounced that France had been assured Britain would protect her northern coast, the House cheered him. His account of Germany's dealings with Belgium, of her bid for British neutrality, and of Bel gium's appeal, made a profound impression. Britain, he declared, could not run away from, her obligations of honor and interest at such a crisis. She must be prepared for the conse quences of having to use all her strength. The fleet had mobilised, the army was mobilis ing, but no engagement had yet been made to send an expeditionary force abroad. The leader of the Opposition, Mr. Bonar Law, at once offered its support. The Nationalist leader, Mr. Redmond, declared that the Gov ernment might take the whole of' its troops out of Ireland; Orange and Green would unite to defend her. Ireland's sudden change of atti tude must .indeed have been a puzzle to Europe. It is said that at the time of the Dublin riot, a little before the war, a telegram was sent to Germany, saying: "Civil war has broken out; strike now!" or words to that effect. This may be a fairy story, but it shows bow things were going. Yet once the two islands were endangered, what a change! Sir Edward Carson offered the services of Ulster volunteers for the front. Protestant Unionists in Month cheered Mr. Redmond, and here was 3Ir. Red- . mond also burying " the hatchet. The only- flaws in the British unanimity were the atti tude of the chairman of the Labor party, Mr. Ramsay Macdonald, and the resignation of two Ministers out of twenty-one. On August 4. when the Prime Minister announced Germany's . threat to Belgium, simultaneously with her violation of Belgian territory at Aix-la-Cha- pelie, and Britain's ultimatum to Germany, the determination -of the House became . over whelming. Two days later, at Mr. Asquith's request, it unanimously passed a War vote of £100.000,000, and agreed to increase the army by half a million men. He was able also to announce that the Empire was solid behind . Britain: that India was prepared to send, two . army divisions, and every one of the self- governing Dominions had offered help to the . utmost of its power. ". III.— AVAR PREPARATIONS. fPHOROUGHGOING preparations had teen .made to put the country into a state of de- fence. Just before war broke out. Lord Kitch- 'ener, who had actually embarked for Egypt, was recalled to London atfd given supreme control of the army administration. Admiral Sir John \- Jellicoe, a gunnery specialist, who had a bril liant career and was one of those most respon- , siblo for the improvement of the Navy's shoot ing standards, was made Commander-in-Chief of the Home Fleets, an appointment which gave him supreme command in the North Sea. . General Sir Ian Hamilton, late Inspector of. Oversea Forces, and fresh returned from his visit to the Commonwealth and New Zea land, was appointed to the command of the Home. Army and General French to that of the. Expeditionary Force that was presently to be sent over to France. French naval officers held a council of war with the First Lord of the Admiralty, Mr. AVinston Churchill, and French military staff officers sat in conference with the British Army Council. The army was mobilised and the naval reserves called out. Hospital ships were fitted up and ar rangements made at Grimsby for the reception of wounded. The fishing fleet was advised . to withdraw for tho present from ' the North Sea. The flying of aircraft over the United Kingdom was forbidden, and the Government assumed control of all wireless services, the use of the apparatus on merchant vessels in Home waters being forbidden. Boom defences were placed in position at Portsmouth, Devon- port, and Sheerness, railway bridges, tunnels, ... and signal boxes, dockyards, magazines, 'and power stations all over, the country were placed under military guards. Tho war office commandeered enormous numbers of horses, vehicles, and motors all over the country, and large numbers were voluntarily handed over 'by their owners at the request of the naval ' A and military authorities. The newspapers re frained from publishing, particulars of the movements of troops and ships, and a press bureau and a very strict censorship was estab lished. Lord Kitchener's first official act was to issue an appeal to the nation lor 100.000 volunteers at once. The response was prompt, and its vol ume increased daily, as news spread of Ger man doings in Belgium. The central recruiting offices were besieged, and new agencies had to be opened all over the country. The average rate of enlistment was at first about 3000 a day, and, as an indication of the quality of the men offering, the proportion of unfit decreased by 10 per cent. The framework of the new army was to consist of six divisions, Scottish, Irish, Northern, Western, Eastern, and Light Infan try, each divison containing three brigades. In a little while training was in full swing in all the public parks, where clerk and countryman, shoulder to shoulder, perspired cheerfully under - the animated directions of the drill sergeant. There were very few families that had no re presentative in one or other of the defence , forces. Even the Princo of Wales Joined hiri regiment, the First Grenadiers. IV.— THE EFFECT ON TRADE. TN the meantime therehad been a temporary, though not very violent, upheaval in the business world. There was naturally a general feeling of insecurity and apprehension until it became evident that Britain had cleared the seas, and for a while there was a food scare, and prices rose enormously. This was to a great extent due to the efforts of a minority of trad ers to make fortunes out of their country's dif ficulties, and to the greediness of the "ghouls," or "starvers," who, having money in hand, rushed in w'ith motors and laid up supplies for weeks ahead. The result was, exhaustion of some of the large retailers' stocks, and a good deal of suffering among the very poor, who al ways live from hand to mouth. But this sort of thing happened only in a minority of cases, and was soon stopped. The establishment of a - system of State insurance for Brilish shipping helped trade. The declaration of a par tial moratorium — which extended time for ' payment of hills of exchange— and a large bank note Issue, the prolongation of the August Bank Holiday from Monday until Friday, and the closing of the Stock Exchange gave the busi ness community time to recover; regulation of prices by a Government committee cheeked ar tificial Inflation, and the Board of Trade adopted a developmental policy to provide work for the unemployed. War distress funds were also started. The King and Queen set an example in plain and simple living, and marketing soon became more normal. It was announced that the- country contained wheat enough -to feed the whole population for five months. There was the same peaceful settlement of industrial a3 of other troubles. The great trades unions throughout the country took ac tive steps to assist as far as possible in closing existing disputes, and in preventing the com mencement of new ones. The London building . trouble, and, therefore, the threatened national lock-out, came to an end. and several other building trade disputes were referred to arbi tration. A London electricians' strike ended; ship- repairers', engineers and boilermakers", and transport and dockers' unions withdrew de mands that had been made, and so did the Miners' Federation in South Wales. The Scot tish coal-owners announced that, under tha circumstances, they would go no further with their claim for a reduction in wages. In Lon don some hundreds of firms, members of the Employers' Patriotic Association, undertook to pay the difference between the Government rates, and their regular salaries to ail em ployees who were called out for active service, ' and a large number pf commercial houses of fered all possible facilities to any members of their staffs who wished to Join the Territorials. The attempt was made everywhere to carry on business as usual, and though a great deal of unemployment necessarily resulted from war conditions, this was later to some extent miti gated by tho efforts of central and local au thorities, and the large number of enlistments. Chapter IV. THE DOMINIONS. I.— THE EMPIRE IN LINE. AT the approach of war the whole Empire formed up solid .behind Britain. For all war purposes party divisions disappeared. Not only was it everywhere recognised that Britain's war was tha Empire's, but there sprang up a kind of rivalry in seeing who could do the most. One after another the self-governing Dominions cabled in their offers of armed support, and even the smallest de pendencies raised contingents or subsidies in kind. Unfortunately, except in India, no large force was ready on the moment, but it was not long before training camps bad sprung up over a great part of the Empire, and as fast as one contingent was preparing, another was being enrolled. Directly war with Germany was declared Australia offered an expeditionary force of 20,000 men, and put her ships at the disposal of the Admiralty. Canada offered the same number of men, and two recently-acquired sub marines. New Zealand offered 60CO and . then S000 men. and India two divisions. These last, being regulars, were the first to reach the front. South Africa, which only fourteen years before it had taken half a million men to 'subdue, by undertaking her own defence, set free nearly 12,000 British troops, and later she also offered a contingent for European service, though its despatch had to be put off owing to trouble with German South-West Africa. But Australia and New Zealand did more than .send con tingents to Europe; they were able to under take operations on their own account ntuous the German- colonies in the Pacific, with re sults which included the peaceful occupation of Samoa, and the capture, with some small loss, of the German New Guinea Protectorate. The war not only took the great self-govern ing Dominions by surprise, biu it found tlioin. as a whole, unprepared, though a partial ex ception must be made in the case of Australia and perhaps New Zealand. The protective power of tho Imperial Navy was so obvious that the Dominions were apt to rely too much upon it alone, and they. themselves were so large and so full of undeveloped possibilities that the bulk of tholr. energies were absorbed in their own problems. Their distance from the great centres of civilisation and war power caused them to follow less closely the currents of international intrigue; they lived, in a sense, in a world, or worlds, of their own. Canada, the greatest of the Dominions from a population point of view, was absorbed more deeply than any in tho work of material development, and the near neighborhod of tho United States gave her, no doubt, an additional feeling of security. In South Africa the slow process of welding Briton and Boer into one race was very far from complete, or easy, and there was, in addition, the enormous problem of the colored races ahead of her. A great deal of the energies of the Australasian colonies had been spent upon political and industrial experiments, and indeed they had been .called the economic laboratories of the world. Hut their comparative isolation from the white races and nearness to the huge population of Asia had forced upon them a greater realisation of the necessities of defence. While Canada depended upon local militia, and had by no means made up her mind on the local navy question, and South Africa still retained a body of British troops, Australia and New Zealand had adopted a system of compulsory military training for boys and youths, and Australia had in addition laid down the be ginnings of a small navy, which It was ulti mately intended should be locally built, manned, and trained. In the planning of their military \- defences, Australia and New Zealand had had the expert advice of Lord Kitchener, and after wards of Sir Ian Hamilton, and Australia's naval defence scheme had been worked out on the basis of a report by Admiral Henderson. When war broke out, however, the Australasian compulsory training systems had been in opera tion only about four years, as against the eight which Sir Ian Hamilton had declared necessary for anything like their full development, so that, the results could not he expected to be of much assistance, unless the war should last a very long while. But. the Australian ships were to prove of the greatest value, not only in convoying contingents to Europe and expe ditions against the German Pacific colonies, and coaling wireless stations, but in protecting Aus tralasian ports from raids by. half a dozen German cruisers which ranged these seas. II.— AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND. A LL that last - week, while war and peace trembled in the balance,- Australia and New Zealand could do nothing but wait, and crowd about tho notice boards of the newspaper offices in the capital cities In a state of tension which naturally had its effect upon the business world. With Imperial ships patrolling the trade routes and the Australian vessels to guard Australian, shores, except in the unlikely event of their being called off elsewhere, the Com monwealth and New Zealand knew themselves quite sate, arid their trade practically so. But there was still to be faced the enormous diminution in their markets which must result from the fact that all ' their chief customers were at war with one another, and the obvious difficulty in raising the annual de velopmental loans upon which these, in com mon with the other Dominions, had grown accustomed to depend. Besides, a great part of the Commonwealth, including large areas in New South Wales and Victoria, was at the time when war broke out, drought-stricken, and it was becoming obvious that the Australian wheat harvest would be the Stn3lle3t for- some years. New Zealand was also short. The effect of the European situation was felt in the Australasian States all through that week, both on the stock exchanges and on the wheat markets; but it was known that theposition of the hanks generally, here and in New -Zea land, was sound, and that, though rate3 for money were bound to increase, there -was nothing whatever to block the progress . of legitimate business. Even before the an nouncement of the Empire's entry into the world struggle, the Melbourne and Adelaide ex changes closed down, and the Sydney exchange followed only a few days later. But, though a number of trade and commercial institutions found themselves obliged to shorten bands, and some of the great mining undertakings, such as those at Brokeh Hill, had to close down, throw ing thousands of men idle, a large proportion of the unemployed were absorbed in State rail ways and other undertakings. The attempt was made everywhere to find work for as many as possible, even though that might mean, as it did in New South Wales, only half-time work at half rates. On the whole, in the early stages of the war, at any rate, prices did -not rise much, and it is probable that, except as to such in dustries as that! of mining, the business world was at least as much affected by the drought as by the war. August 4 found the Commonwealth in the midst of a political crisis. The Federal Par liament had been dissolved, and a general elec tion was close at hand. A Liberal Government was still in power, but at the first approach of danger to the Empire on Imperial qucstloris all political divisions fused. The leader of the Labor Opposition. Mr.- Fisher, snriorinced that Australia was with-Britain "to the last man. and the last shilling," arid the Prime' Minister, Mr. Cook, declared himself to the same effect. The other political' leaders, followed. The Prime Minister invited" tlie leader of the Op position and the Premiers of the States to a war conference', and the States offered all their resources to the Commonwealth. In tho mother State. New South Wales. Labor was in power, but a programme of contentious legis lation was. at once' suspended, and the leader of the Libera Opposition was invited to sit with the Labor Cabinet. It was declared on all sides that there were no longer any parties, and though the Federal Government refused, against considerable pressure, to postpone the ap- J proacking elections,' thcEc attracted a com paratively small degree ot public interest, and when their result put Labor iri power, the new Minister for Defence, Senator Fearce, took over ..the reins from the late Minister. Senator. Mil- len, without, the slightest, alteration In policy. Already the Australian ships had been placed at tho disposal of the Admiralty, and the send ing of the first Expeditionary Force decided on. tha cost being borne by the Commonwealth. The news of the Empire's implication in tho war .was received, on the whole, with feelings of relief, it was realised everywhere that she could not either wisely or honorably have held from it; -absolute reliance had been placed in Sir Edward Grey's efforts for peace, and even that section of opinion which had not gone with the action of the Mother-country In the South African war. was with it now. Enough of the citizen soldiery were called out to help the permanent forces in guarding naval estab lishments. oil stores, cable, and wireless sta tions, reservoirs, and such important points ds the Hawkesbury River' Bridge, over which the Sydney-Brisbane trunk lino passes, and to bring to their full strength the garrisons of tho forts at the capital cities, and up at Thursday Island. Searchlights were kept goiug ail night at the harbor mouths, ports declared closed at night, and all vessels seeking entrance ware examined. Volunteers for the Expeditionary Force began to stream in from town and coun try, and training camps were established for them in the suburbs of , the capital eitl-v. The grand total ot the Australian Expedition-, ary Force Was fixed at 13,770 officers and men, 7477 horses, and 70 guns, besides' 230 officers, and men employed in various capacities. The Now Zealand force was to include about 400 in fantry and 1SOO mounted men, the balance be- Ing made up ot artillery,, army service corps, .medical, and ambulance. Offers of assistance came from rifle clubs, motor crir and lorry owners, ambulance associations, nurses, medical men, dentists, and South African and other Associations of war veterans, and all the aeroplani3ts in the. -Commonwealth. Various' "patriotic and relief "funds were established, in- cluding one for the benefit of the Bufferers in Belgium, and these grew rapidly as the weeks passed. III.— THE PACIFIC. TN the meantime the Australian ships, which had been cruising off the Queensland coast, were brought back to port, and took In fuel and stores, so as to be ready for any contingency, There were at this time In the Pacific three Imperial- squadrons, including the Australian, one French and one -German squadron, and cruisers belonging to Russia. Austria, and Italy. The composition of these squadrons was as fallows; — Australian Squadron.— Battleship-cruiser Aus tralia (18,750 tons, 35 knots, eight 12in. guns); light cruisers Sydney and Melbourne (5400 tons, knots, eight 61n. guns).; and Encounter (ossO tons, eleven 6in.-guns); destroyers Yarra, Farramatta, and Warrego; and submarines AEI and AE3. China Squadron: Armored- cruiser Minotaur (14.500 tons, 22 knots, four /,V?'n„BUns' tlle battlesbip-cruiser Triumph (11,800 tons, if knots, four lOin. and 14 7 "-in . guns); cruiser Hampshire (10,850 tons, 22i knots, four 7!£in. and six Sin. guns); light cruisers, Newcastle and Yarmouth; eight de stroyers, three submarines, various small de tached ships, and three more light cruisers on the Xenr Zealand coast. East Indies Squadron; \- Battleship Swiftsure (U.SOO tons, 19 knots, four lOin. and 14 7V4in. guns); light cruisers Dart mouth. Fox, and Pelorous, and four attached ships. . ' The French Squadron consisted of the ar mored cruiser Montcalm (9517 tons. 21 knots, two 7.6in. and 10 smaller guns); two small gun- boats, the Kersalnt and Zelee; and a 7400-ton cruiser and three destroyers on the China station.. The German Squadron, which was to cause quite a lot of trouble one way or another, con tained the armored cruisers Scharrihorst and Gneisenau (each 11,500 tons. 25 knots, eight 8.2in. and six 6iD. guns); light cruisers, Lelp- sig. Nurnberg, and Emden (all 3390 tons and 25 knots); third-class cruisers Condor and Cor- moran (1614 tons), and two destroyers. There were two Russian cruisers, one of 6000 and one of 3000 tons, the larger carrying 12 61n. guns. Italy had a 4500-ton cruiser, carry ing six 6In. guns; and Austria -a 4000-ton' cruiser, carrying eight 6in. guns. Ail these \- were usually on the China station. .The first shot in these waters was fired on August 3, by one of the Port Phillip forts, across xhe ,hows of a German .cargo steamer which did not stop when it was hailed. It re turned a little later, however, and until the taking of German New Guinea a month after-' wards no blood was shed in this part of the world. A number of German Tesseis which had put out to sea in expectation of the declara tion of war. or which bad Catered Australian ports in ignorance that war had been declared, or before the declaration of war,' were cap tured nnd. brought back, and soon. In spite ot the preponderance of the fleets of Britain' . and her allies, it was realised that Aus tralian shipping came also within the war area. The presence of the German cruisers, which were known to be roaming about some where in the Pacific. and other oceans, began to : \- affect the sailing of the steamers, for the Is lands and the East, and even the mailboats and " other big liners had to watch their opportunity, and often to steam full speed ahead with lights put all night. IV.— CANADA. rFHE sense of Empire showed Itself almost as strong in Canada as iri Australia or New ' Zealand. Public opinion in this Dominion, as in the others, had not been absolutely unanimous ' over the South African War; there had been a certain uneasiness, and small, but not neglig ible, minorities had refused to believe the action of the Mother-eountry Justifiable. But now there was no division of fooling whatever. ' Tho Dominion's two Mother-countries were at war against a common enemy, and not only Conservative nnd Liberal, but French and Eng- ' lish speaking press ami people were at one Even the German-descended population, numer ous and powerful in Western Ontario, accepted without protest the decision of Canada as a ' whole. No large; section of oven these people had any strong sympathy with the Prussian military and bureaucratic system, which It. was felt had brought about the war, and demon- ) stratlons were .rare, even among lately arrived immigrants. Several attempts at train-wreck ing and damage done to a couple of State wire less stations were put down to German Influ ences, hut. though German agents were believed to be in Cacada, in the face of a public feellns so united, they conld hardly have done much. .even ir they had not been afraid. While the Empire's position remained still. - uncertain there was some "disposition on the Conservative side of politick to attack the Op position and recall the local navy dispute. Two years before tho Prime Minister of Canada, Sir Robert Borden, had, with several of his colleagues, visited Britain, and on their return proposed to find the money for three Bread- noughts as a contribution to imperial defence. That proposal had been defeated by the Liberal Opposition under Sir Wilfrid Laurier, and It was natural that there should have been some reviyal-of feeling on the subject when the possibility of war came up. But once the Em-' plre was actually involved, politicians of all ranks buried the hatchet. Here, as lit other parts of. the 'Empire, that last week of tension and the first. few crowded, days ot war did more, perhaps, to weld the Empire into a closer unity than ail the years of its previous history. From tho first Sir Robert Borden showed him self a strong man at tho helm. Sir Wilfrid Laurier backed him up whole- heartedly. lie declared at the outset that Canada was with Britain to the fulf extent ot her power, and that ail political controversy should cease. And ho followed that up by cancelling all his party meetings. All through the. last few days of doubt in Ot tawa, Montreal, Quebec,- and' the other big cities, crowds of people waited round the notice beards of the newspapers, and paraded the streets with Union Jack and Tricolor, cheering alternately for King George and M. Folncare, while special editions sold by scorea. ot thous- ' ands. Not only had Canada been among the . first ot tho Dominions to cable her offer of an expeditionary force, but it was even suggested that a Canadian division might he actually sent over before war was declared, so as to be! ready on the spot. And. now the militia' regiments set to work recruiting in order to . - bring themselves up to full strength, and volun- . .. teers began to pour in so fast that there was a? difficulty of choice among so many. Tha naval. reserves were called out, preparations proceed- . ed rapidly for tho defence of Halifax and Que- bee, and the whole sea coast, and troops were! sent to guard tho railways, cable and wireless. ' stations, and the grain elevators on the Great Lakes.- Two submarines that were being built at Seattle for the Chilian Government were., bought and given to Britain; and the cruisers' Rainbow and Niobo were also offered. The sea- ; I ports and- the St- Lawrence were practically. 'closed against navigation, mines were laid, and; \- motor boat patrols organised along the SL Law- ' ..\f- rence and Nova Scotlan and British Columbian ' , :> Coasts. It was expected, however, that the Admiralty would protect British . Columbia from raids. Meanwhile, private citizens as well as- Domin- , ion and State Governments, were coming to the front with offers. A Montreal citizen offer ed to equip a' regiment for active service, at a cost of £20,000, and another gave £100,000 for the purchase of quickfirers. The Dominion shipped to Britain a million, bags of Hour, and the province of Ontario added another quarter of a million bags on its own account. Alberta rrovince sent along half a'million bushels of oats. Quebec gave four million pounds of cheese for the Imperial forces. Nova Scotia 100,000 tons of coal, and" Saskatchewan 3.5'JO horses. The women of Canada collected £37,000 for the establishment of a hospital at Portsmouth, and cnothcr £20,000, which was spent on motor am bulances. The inhabitants of Berlin, Ontario, of whom 12,000 were of German descent; con tributed £15,000 to the National Patriotic Fund, and cabled to Lord Kitchener a hope that Ger man militarism would be smashed for good, and the people set free to create a greater and a better Germany. The Dominion Government offered France a field hospital of 50 beds, and there were scores of other important gifts. All sorts of patriotic funds were established,' and arrangements made : to provide pensions for soldiers injured during the war, and to look after tho families of those who were killed. But it must not be imagined that there was no dark side to the war for Canada, even from the first. Tor one thing, in spite of the num ber of volunteers offering, and of . statements by the Minister for Militia that Canada was in a state of complete defence, and ready to send enormous numbers" of troops; the fact remains that the fitting out. of even the first 20 or 30 thousand men put a heavy strain upon the Dominion's military system. She had been too busy opening up her back coun try to do very much in the way of getting ready for war, and the result was that her resources were soon found hardly equal to the strain put upon them. All the same, helped by her nearness to Europe, she was the first of the self-governing Dominions to land troops at Plymouth. In business as well as in military circles, the difficulties arising out of the war were met with calmness and good judgment. If the. crisis had occurred a couple of years be- ' fore, there would probably have been a finan cial catastrophe In Canada. But the period of unlimited speculation closed in 1912,' and since then a certain amount of' economy had been practised by individuals and' public bodies, and banks and other financial institutions had been recovering their ground. Hence, when war broke out, though the Stock Exchanges closed and business was for a. while practically sus pended, there was no panic. The ' central Government strengthened the banks, issued Dominion notes, and prevented the Withdrawal or hoarding of gold. ' Trade with the United States was unaffected, and since British ships secured the North Atlantic no difficulty was expected in getting away the grain harvest, though tjils turned out, unfortunately, far. below the official estimate. Food prices Tose, though not at first very greatly, and industrial ac tivity suffered a severe check. The mines bad to cut down their output; the lumber camps, excepting those cutting puipwood, were de serted; and the building trade 'came almost to a standstill. But the provincial Governments made vigorous efforts to deal with the increas ing numbers of unemployed, and it was not long before trade conditions approached the normal again. V.— AFRICA. f|MIE fact of the war came home to the South African Union much more closely than to the other Dominions. That was natural enough, because it.was against their very doors. Canada £r? . llave Eome fcar of rt'ds upon the British Columbian coast, and even of occasional inter ference w-ith her shipping by the German cruisers. And the same possibility might cause a certain amount of anxiety in Australia and New Zealand, though in their case there were local warships that could easily over power the Germans if tbey could get hold of them. But with tho South African Union it was different. North-westward, on the edge of its most thinly-populated provinces lay Ger man .South-west Africa, which, if Its total white population numbered under fifteen thous and, might yet, especially "if it had trained and organised a native force, cause trouble by raiding south. Indeed, almost as soon as war broke out this was exactly what It did. Some distance up the east coast of the continent lay another possible centre of disturbance. German East "Africa, though with British East Africa to the north and Nyassaiand, or British Central Africa, ' with Rhodesia, to the south 'of it. Away to tho north-west behind the Gulf of Guinea, lay the German Kamerun protectorate/ alongside Brit- Ish Nigeria, and near another British posses sion, on the Gold Coast, lay German Togoland. To all of these patches of European territory, scattered right across the face of Africa, the war seemed likely to extend, and In actual fact every one of them, and the French and Bel- ' gian Congo also, were fighting within a month or two "of the outbreak. Although none of tho British African possessions ran any danger of permanent conquest, unless the Empire itself should be destroyed, while most were well able to look after themselves, the fact re mained that Africa lay emphatically within the sphere of hostilities. .It might have been thought that racial differ ences and memories of the Boer war would have also to be reckoned with, but this fear, It it existed, turned out to have a comparatively small basis in fact. "With a few exceptions, to be mentioned later, Briton and Boer became simply South Africans as soon ao war was upon them. There was a strong body of opinion to the effect tiint Germany, as General Botha . said, wanted the country for itself, and when it came to a choice betwden a nation that had given them absolute freedom to' develop along their own lines, and one which bore Germany's reputation for iron-handed autocracy, thero could not be much' hesitation. Nor was there. The announcement that war had broken out was received at the : Cape with enthusiasm. There was a' growing demand for early offensive measures against German South-west Africa, and the bulk of even the Hcrtzog party stood by Britain. Tho Importance of this support, in spite of what happened later," will be realised when it is-re- membered that the Hertzogites were the Na tionalists of South Africa, representing what may be called the old Boer "sentiment, The Union Government decided to under- - take its own defence, and thus set free nearly 12,000 Imperial troops. Offers followed of contingents for the front, loyal addresses were sent to the British Government, and the export of cereals to. non-British ports and of any commodities to enemy ports was pro hibited. Recruiting began, restrictions upon -the passage of shipping were enforced, Ger mans living near seaports were required to surrender their arms and ammunition, and tho Union set about putting itself Into a state "of defence. Meanwhile, mines had begun to close down, and business generally to feel the effects of the war, and tho Union Government had to threaten drastic and retrospective measures in case of any unjustifiable increases in the prices of foodstuffs. . A message was issued to the natives explaining the causes of the war, and Britain's share in it, and it soon became evi dent that color made no more difference than party. For the first time practicallv all South Africa, white and black, Briton and Boer, were at one. VI.— INDIA. QNE of the most satisfactory— and to Ger- . many, no doubt, inexplicable — features of tfie war was the manner in which India showed . its whole-hearted loyalty to the Empire. It was teared in some quarters that in such a crisis the revolutionary party would find its opportu- ' a" the evidences so far ar of a "I'1lnS the British raj which rivals that of the British-peopled dominions. On the firrit new"s of the war the two largest of the native tates offered men \ind money in support of Britain, and within a few days offers were pouring in so fact that to enumerate them would be Impossible. Within the first four or me weeks nearly seven hundred native rulers had offered their own personal service and ail their resources. Twenty-seven, of the larger native States maintained Imperial service troops, and every corps was placed at the dis posal of the Indian Government immediately War broke out. As soon as the sending of an expeditionary force was decided upon huge sums were given towards its expenses, and everybody wanted to serve. Horses, camels, lakhs of rupees, and even personal jewellery were offered towards the cost of the war or to the various relief funds. Hundreds of telegrams and letters to the Viceroy expressed loyalty and a desire to serve either in India or at the front. Hundreds were also received by the local administrations. They came from com munities, associations, and individuals "of all classes and creeds. Everywhere intense enthu siasm prevailed. Hindus prayed in the mosques for British victories, and the Moslems of Ben gal cabled to their religious head, the Sultan, their gratifications at Turkey's neutrality, de claring that Moslems in India considered loyalty to Britain their first duty. The Gaekwar ol Baroda, whose loyalty had been questioned when the King attended the Delhi Durbar, placed all ills troops and resources at the King's dis posal. - The Amir of Afghanistan assured the Viceroy of his strict neutrality. No doubt it ' would not be safe to conclude from all this that the spirit of revolution had suddenly died out of India, or that the propaganda of sedition was at an end. -It was nevertheless evident that the more Influential leaders of the people appre ciated the blessings of good government for which British rule stood, and that when the.- whole nation was roused the malcontents thought it wise to remain silent. In view of the fact that Bengal was the part of India in which, there had been most unrest and agitation against British rule, the opinions of- the native press are worth quoting. The "Bengalee" wrote on August 5: "Behind one of the finest armies in the world are the multitudinous peoples of India, ready to "co operate in the defence of the Empire, which, for them, means, in its ultimate evolution, complete recognition of their rights as citizens of the finest States in the World. . We may have our differences with the Government — arid what people has not— but in the presence ' of a common enemy, be.lt Germqny or any other Power, we close our ranks and offer all that we possess in defence of the great Empire to which we arc all so proud to belong, aijd with which the future prosperity and advance ment of our people are bound up. India has always been loyal in the hour of danger. In the days of the Mutiny if the rebels could be counted by- hundreds the loyal people could be reckoned by millions. In 1883, when England was on the brink of war with Russia, our young men offered .themselves in their hundreds to be enrolled as volunteers for? the defence of the Empire. The same spirit' animates us now. Ours is a loyalty which haa its roots deep in our hearts; but it is a reasoned loyalty, which recognises that with the stability and the great ness of the Empire is associated the fruition of our ideal of self-government." Nor were the smaller Eritlsh possessions all over the world behindhand in offerings accord- ing to their means. The Tea Planters' Asso ciation of Ceylon shipped a million pounds of tea for the use of the British troops in the field; Trinidad sent £-10,000 worth of cocoa for the same purpose; Barbados contributed £20,000 to the war fund. It may probably be said that this war found the world-scattered collection of races which makes up the British Empire at least as . united as any single nation has been at" any crisis in history. Chapter V. BRITAIN'S ALLIES. ' I.— FRANCE. UP TO THE LAST moment France not only did her best 'to avoid war, but refrained from any action which might give the least excusO for hostile prepara tions on the part of Germany. It was not until July 31, some days later than the German preparation began, that she brought her frontier troops up to war strength, and no general mobilisation orders were issued .until August 2. France even withdrew her troops some miles back from her frontiers; she was resolved not to fight unless she was absolutely driven to it. As the President, M. Poincare, said, on August -4, In his Message to the Cham ber of Deputies: — "France has been the object of a brutal and premeditated aggression which is ' an insolent challenge to the rights of hu manity. Before a declaration of war had .been addressed to us, even before the German Am bassador had demanded his passports, our terri tory has been violated. For more than 40 years the French, in their sincere love of peace, had repressed in their breasts their desire for legi timate reparation. They had given to the world the example of a great nation which has used its rejuvenated energy only in the interests of progress and for- the good of humanity. When the Austrian ultimatum opened a crisis which . threatened the whole of Europe, France decided to follow, and to recommend to all a policy of prudence, of wisdom, and of moderation. No ono can impute to her any act. any gesture, any,word which was not pacific and concilia tory. At the moment of the first encounters she has the right solemnly to make this claim for herself— that she made, up to the last mo ment, the strongest efforts t>> avert the war which has just broken out, and of which the German Empire will have to take the crushing responsibility throughout history." The previous week had been a week of wild excitement. Tho order to mobilise electrified Paris, and set the whole country m a. turmoil. Extraordinary things happened. Men rushed about as if they were mad; women fell on their knees and wept. The Paris streets were filled with excited crowds, waving French, British, Russian, and Italian flags, cheering M. Poin care, cheering King George, singing the Mar seillaise", crying "a Berlin," and marching by the thousand to recruiting offices. Tourists be sieged embassies demanding information of all kinds, and crowds of English, French, and Americans thronged the quays and channel steamers at Boulogne. A spy mania sprang up, and here and there mobs wrecked shops and restaurants, which were supposed to be owned by Germans, and a man be lieved., to be a German spy hardly escaped from serious injury in tho streets. A good idea of the scenes that occurred in some of the French towns is given in a letter from three Sydney ladies 'who were staying in Mar seilles when war broke out. "It seems," the writer says, "as if we were in a revolution, apd we are afraid to go outside the door. This afternoon about 200 men rushed into the hotel and tore up the stairs like madmen. They opened the door of every room, and wanted to know if there were any Germans about. They were just simply mad, and. did not know what they were doing. When they found that there were only English- speaking people and Italians here they left and broke into the next place, and so on into every shop , and hotel. They smashed windows and mirrors — anything they could lay their hands on. It was terrible." Worst of all, was the murder of a well-known Socialist writer and politician (M. Jaures), by some young fool, probably half drunk, who con sidered him, as a pacifist, the enemy of France. But the first outburst of excitement died, and . France settled down to face the position with calm determination. Just as in Britain, party divisions ceased to exist. Artists, men of let ters, professional men, and politicians all wanted to help their country in some way. Among the ex- Ministers and members of the Chamber of Deputies who rejoined the Army were- representatives of all political views, from the clericals to the Socialists,- from ex treme militarists to men who had opposed the recent extension of the term of military service. \- The Premier (M. Viviani) put himself in consul tation . with ex-Ministers (M. Bourgeois and M. Briand), and a few weeks later the Cabi net was to be reconstructed so as to include the best men of all parties. A deputation repre senting the Socialist and Republican groups declared that, though profoundly attached to pacifist ideas, it had full confidence in the Go vernment. Prince Bonoparte hurried back to Franc and offered his services to the military authorities. Martial law was declared in Paris, end the city patrolled by troops. Strict regu lations were laid down, and cafes and drinlc shops were chased at 9 p.m. Only official news Was allowed to be published, and special editions of the newspapers were forbidden. The gates of Paris were closed at night, and search lights kept working in case of'Zeppelins. Some 2000 Germans and Austrians who had not left Paris, were sent to the west. Motor cars and motor 'buses were commandeered, and the railways taken over by the military. The railway stations were crowded with reservists entraining amidst pathetic farewell scenes, and in a few days the male population, between the ages of 20 and 45, had practically disappeared from the streets. France, too, felt the effect of war upon commerce and production. The law prohibit ing the importation of meat was suspended, and severe measures were threatened against anyone unreasonably raising the price of food stuffs. But they rose, all the same. A. nforatorium was declared, £60,000,000 worth of notes was issued by the Bank of Frahce, and £80,000,000 worth of commercial bills cashed, and efforts were inade to restore as far- as possible normal' business life and keep open whatever factories and workshops the mobilisa tion of their employees had not compelled to close. Twenty thousand men of /the naval reserve, too old to fight, were detailed to gather in the cereal and grape harvests, arrange ments were made to distribute the male and female labor that offered among the various communes according to the applications re ceived, and tho Minister for Labor set to work requisitioning for. the transport of food stuffs most of the horses and vehicles that had not been requisitioned already for the army. The harvests were good, however, and France's financial situation was considered satisfactory. ' -In the meantime, mobilisation had proceeded without the slightest hitch, and so rapidly that it is stated that 1,250,000 field troops, be sides the garrison troops, were at their posts by August 12. If France had delayed her war preparations until the last moment, now slio was making up for lost time. Everywhere there seems to have been a feeling of huge re lief at Britain's decision. From the beginning there had been an almost universal expecta tion that she would step in, a feeling that may be exemplified by a quotation from a letter by an English officer that appeared in the London "Times." This officer had been travelling in France "On August 1," Jie said, "on the way from Maisons-Laflltte to Paris, a French railwayman, who was leaving to. rejoin his re giment on the eastern frontier, asked me where I was going. I replied, 'Back to England to rejoin my old regiment.' 'Ah!' replied the rail wayman. 'Alors nous serons ensemble!' IVo shook hands and said,' 'Au revoir, a bientot.' " Still, during the period of waiting, anxiety grew, and there can be little doubt that if Britain had left France in the lurch, not only, would her prestige have suffered enormously, but it would have been exceedingly uncomfort able, to Eay the least of it, for Englishmen in France. , . II.— RUSSIA. fUHAT the touch of war should have united all parties in Fiance,and Britain is) after all, natural enough. Tha't iU should have brought together even the collection of races, castes, and creeds in India is also understandable.. It would be hardly possible -to deny that Britain has governed India justly, and no educated and intelligent native could imagine cither that India is in anything like a position to stand alone just yet, or that under any other nation in the world her prospects of present justice arid ultimate self government would be any thing like so good. But that the banished re- ' volutionaries and brutally-treated Poles and Jews of Russia should have sunk with one ac cord all differences in a flood of -loyalty to their country and their "little father," the Czar, that does at first sight seem an extra ordinary thing. Still, it was not as if Germany or Austria had any very enviable record as to their treatment of "subject races. And the deep and widespread hatred of everything German that filled the Russian people must be taken into account. This hatred dated from the time of Peter the Great, and his attempts to civi lise Russia along Prussian lines. To the Rus sians of those days Prussians were hated and despised foreigners— a sort pf cross between the "foreign devil" of the old-style Chinese and the "barbarian" of the ancient Greeks. Time had not diminished this hatred, which affected all sections of the population, though the court and the official caste, were not car- ried away by it until after the humiliation of the Bosnia-Herzegovina crisis. There was also, no doubt, a strong hope amongst the hitherto discordant element of the Russian people, that so huge a war must tend to clear away dis tinction of treatment among those who fought side by side in it. To put the matter bluntly, thero certainly was a feeling in -Russia, as in India; ; and even ' Ireland, that support now was in the. nature of a premium insuring benefits to come. Finally, sympathy with the Servians was real and general. At any rate, in the great wave of patriotism which flowed over the Russian Empire all religious and social enmities — and we all know how bitter some of these Were — were swallowed up. The order to mobilise was received with huge excitement. The Finnish Senate carried a motion of loyalty to the Czar, and an assur ance that the whole of Finland would sacrifice everything in order to drive back- the insolent enemy. The Zionist newspapers and Jewish representatives in the Duma declared that the Jews would march shoulder to shoulder with other Russian citizens, and that the" oppression of their brethren did not lessen their attach ment to the country. The Poles seemed also to have forgotten their long grievances, in their hatred, of Ger many. But among the Russian races them- . selves, enthusiasm rose to a white heat. Strik ers hurried back to work, the far off Turkes tan and Trans-Caspian provinces, which were not bound over to compulsory service, furnished contingents for the front, women took the place of workers called to the colors, and reservists' wives were told to keep their -homes rent free. School boys offered to help in the digging of trenches; political heresies disappeared; Vladi mir Bourtzeff, a well-known revolutionary, of fered Russia his services, and carried with him a letter from Prince Kropotkin, the famous writer on social and economic problems, stat ing that the German menace to Sweden was far greater than the Russian menace to Europe. A conviction seemed to have grown up every where that; as a Russian professor at Oxford put it, "the sad tale of reaction and oppression is at an end in Russia, and our country will issue from this momentous crisis with the in sight and strength required for the construc tive and progressive statesmanship of which it stands in need." There was the greatest delight" at Britain's co-operation. At the news of Sir Edward Grey's speech defining Britain's attitude, and the necessity of standing by her Allies, thousands of people collected, cheering, in front of the British and' French Embassies at Petrograd, and the British Ambassador, Sir George Bucha nan had to come out upon a balcony and ad dress a great crowd, which carried a Union Jack and cheered King George. ' The Duma sent an enthusiastic message to the House of Com mons, and after a solemn service in the Kazan Cathedral at Petrograd, the High Priest blessed the British arms. In Russia, as in France, the people seem to have been convinced that Bri tain was morally bound to support her Allies. The Czar issued a manifesto, declaring that Russia was related, in faith and blood, to the Slav people, and that she could never regard their fate with indifference. Her fraternal sen timent he added was awakened with extraordi nary force when Austria addressed Servia with claims which were not acceptable to an inde pendent State. Meanwhile," the whole- of the Russian forces were being mobilised, to a total which varies ' a good deal with the various authorities, but which may be set down at over 6,000,000 men. And of these men, it must be remembered, a fairly large proportion were . veterans of the Manchurian campaign. It had been expected that Russia's mobilisation would be slow, but, owing to improved organisation and the univer sal eagerness to face "the hated Germans, its rapidity surprised everyone. The one regret table incident in the fervor of those early days was the wrecking of the German embassy on the evening of August 4. It must be admitted, / however, that the crowd which committed the outrage had had cause to madden it, for a re port had just reached Petrograd of the abomin able treatment inflicted by Germans upon the Russian embassy in Berlin. Incidentally, it had been stated that tho wreckers of tho em bassy, discovered large quantities of firearms and seditious proclamations, suggesting that the place had been utilised as the centre of revo lutionary propaganda. Russia entered, then, upon the world war . with enormous armies, backed by a confident and united empire, whose resources, given time to sound them, could hardly be exaggerated. She had a balance in the. Treasury of £50,000,000, consisting of sums allocated for various subjects, but not yet spent. Her most important asset, however, from this point of view was the fact that from her enormous acreage she could easily feed herself. In this respect Russia stood alone among the com batant nations. Another thing, also, she .was to exmplify — the advantage in war, however great may be its defects in peace, of an organi sation with but one central authority, and that most firmly fixed, and weilding tremendous power. Democracies, on the other hand, are obviously handicapped in war time, not only by their inevitable weaknesses, but now and again by the results of the very freedom which they are fashioned to promote. Chapter VI. THE ENEMY. I.— GERMANY. IT IS AS DIFFICULT for Englishmen or Australians to understand the point of view with which Germany entered upon -.the war as it would be for Germans to understand our point of view about it. But, strange as it may seem to us, there is not the slightest doubt that when war broke out the German people as a whole were entirely and honestly convinced of two.things; First, that their cause was just; and second, that they must win. They regarded their country as dragged into war in spite of vigorous efforts for peace. They believed that the war's real causes lay in Britain's jealousy . of Germany's industrial prosperity and fear of her increasing military arid naval ppwer; in France's undying desire for revengevand tp get back her lost provinces; and in Russia's. hatred of Germany and determination to consolidate all the Slav peoples into one tretriendous world- power. To most Germans, the claim that Bri tain was intervening because of tljeir invasion of Belgium was-.a piece of monstrous hypoc risy. . They were convinced that their, troops had merely forestalled those of France, and, indeed, it had been officially announced in Ber lin that France, and not Germany, began ' the war, by dropping bombs on Nuremberg from an aeroplane, as-early as August 1, and by in vading Upper Alsace next day. In actual fact, whereas France's preparations began on July 30, there is evidence that, Germany had been conducting what practically amounted to a mobilisation, even before the publication of Servia's reply to the Austrian Note. By .the time France began her preparations. Germany had strengthened her frontier forts, and got troops intp position all along the frontier. Up to a certain point even the diplomats of Germany may have believed that they had a good case, though there is some evidence that before the preliminary negotiations ended the Prussian military clique, which to a grtat exr tent ruled Germany, had managed practically to tie their hands. The possibility ot such a - belief was due in part, no doubt, to an extra ordinary blindness to any : point of view but their own, for which Germany is notorious, and . In part to a consciousness, of the real heed for expansion spoken of before. But to this must be added an element of the downright hyprocrisy which Germany has always professed to con sider an - attribute of Britain. All these elements, may be seen in the statement in which the' German Imperial Chancellor set out his view of the position to a son of the famous Norwegian dramatist, Bjorn Bjornsen. "For five years," he' de clared, "I have done everything in my pdwer to prevent a world war, and even after the general mobilisation we did all we could to, localise the quarrel with Russia. It wa3 in vain. Russia cannot be absolved from the re sponsibility of having' brought on the con flagration. .Most incomprehensible of all is the attitude of England. What is her real object, and with what means is she fighting against us7 We are fighting not only for ourselves. The , Scandinavian countries in ' particular must al ways understand that we are fighting in their interests, for if Russia should win, Sweden - would be in the greatest danger. We go into - the war with a clear conscience. I have been reproached with putting the ethical factor in " politicSvtoo.much in the foreground. But if you notice the attitude' of our .people you will see that our Social Delnocra'ts, who, in home policy, have placed every possible obstacle in my way, are now supporting us as one man. A deeply felt moral power drivts them all forward. A people that has stood up in such admirable moral strength cannot be conquered." Much more straightforward, in spite of its effrontery, was the same Imperial-Chancellor's speech of -August 4, when, having, failed to x. bully Belgium and bribe Britain into acquies cence with his country's schemes against, France, in an exasperated impatience that brought with it a kind of honesty, he declared to the Reichstag, that Germany was now "in a state of necessity and necessity .knows no la'w." "Our troops," he said, "have occupied Luxemburg, and perhaps are already on Belgian soil." He had good reason to know, as a mat ter of fact, that there was no "perhaps" about it. Belgium had been invaded only that morn ing. "Gentlemen," he admitted, "that is con trary to international law. It is true the French Government has declared at Brussels that France is willing to respect the neutrality of Belgium as long as her enemies respect it. We knew, however, that France was ready for the invasion. France could wait, but we could not. A French movement upon our flank upon the lower Rhine might have been disastrous. So we were compelled to override the just pro test of the Luxemburg and Eelgian Govern ments. The wrong — I speak openly — that we are committing we will endeavor to make good as soon as our military goal has been reached. Anybody who is threatened, as we are tnrea- . tened, and is fighting for his highest possessions can have only one thoughf— how he can hack his way through." It has been suggested (by "The Times" Berlin correspondent) that Germany's action was due, not so much to a wicked but well considered scheme, as to her fumbling and blundering diplomacy. And, indeed, it is obvious — the "scrap of paper" episode might of itself persuade one of this — that up to the last Germany believed Britain would leave her a free" hand. As for the Kaiser, there are In dications that it was not he who brought the war about so much as the jingoistic set about him, who forced his hand." It may be that, horrified at the Serajevo" assassinations, and believing that! if war was to to come, it would be best for Germany to let it come now, he did not resist very strongly. It is also strange to us to find how Germany underrated the strength of her enemies. She seems to have regarded the Belgians as insignificant, the British, except at sea, as almost negligible, the French as inferiors, and the Russians as important in nothing but their, numbers. All this, of course, is important mainly because of flic light it throws upon the German people's attitude towards the war, and especially to wards Britain. It explains their , confidence. The war . lords had drugged their own con-: sciences, and Germany as a whole was not let know the whole of the truth. Once the world-war was upon them the Ger man people formed up, so to speak, behind the war . lords. Any idea that the Social Demo crats might cause the authorities trouble at the start was soon seen to be without, foundation. The official arrangements were the perfection of well-thought-out system. The railways were takcu over, and became long streams of troops, all moving west; the press unloaded masses of ingenious fabrications about British treachery and the heroic defence of German- "Kultur" . against the barbarian; the Kaiser delivered himself of periodic fervid exhortations, and the people were transported with enthusiasm. In many places they were also the prey of panic. Prices began to rise, and there was a run on the banks for gold and on the shops for food. The German harvests, however, had been ex cellent, and on the day when war was declared on. Russia, export of foodstuffs was prohibited. The Reichstag authorised an extraordinary ex penditure of £265;000,000, of which £15,000,000 was to come from the Imperial war chest, and the rest out of loan moneys, and the issue of £25,000,000 worth of notes. The Exchanges closed, the restrictions imposed on employment by the industrial laws were suspended, and women set to work to get in the crops. -So. far, setting aside their responsibility, for the war itself, the Germans had much to be - proud of, and no reason to be ashamed. But their conduct towards the Ambassadors and Consuls of t,he countries with which they were , at .war, and towards .many travellers from those countries, showed how little hold . had German culture in moments of passion. It is worth while comparing the circumstances of the departure from London ot the German Am bassador, Prince Lichnowski, \vith the depar- : ; ture of the French and Russian Ambas sadors from Berlin. In the first case thejre is nothing much to relate. . -British v, Ministers and the-, public generaliy treated tlie prince . with complete courtesy. Dis- -. tinguished Englishmen, including the -Prime ...Minister, called to bid. him farewell. : There was no scene at his departure. The on- r lookers, indeed, numbered no more than 40, -and though there was a crowd waiting at the . .railway station, no disagreeable incident; of . any sort occurred. On his arrival in Eolland, v the prince telegraphed to. Sir Edward Grey, his ; thanks "for the great courtesy shown .to . us : during our journey."- It was very different in - i- Bqrllp. Besides an attack, by a mob jupon; t.he . .- British Embassy, for which, however, „.tho ..authorities, except in their carelessness, -are :' hardly to he blamed, and the reported ili-treat- ment of . British, French, and Russian . Con- ii .suls at Danzig and elsewhere,, the French Am- >: bassador,. M. Cambon, was treated , abominably. V.j After- being refused permission to leave. Ger- many through Holland-or Belgium, he and his staff, with his wife and family, were put into a special train for ijenmark.. The German For eign Office had previously warned the Embassy. . staff not to dine in hotels or restaurants be fore leaving Berlin. When the Ambassador sent for food to a neighboring hotel it was refused him, - and a protest ; had to be made at - the Foreign Office before food could be got.: The journey to Denmark lasted 24 hours, and no food was provided. On nearing the Kiel Canal everyone was ordered to remain motionless, : while armed guards were set at the 'doors of the carriage- compartments. Just before reach ing the frontier the Ambassador , was informed that the train" would not proceed unless he ' paid at once for the cost ot. it. He was told that the amount would be approximately , £200. . He drew a cheque for the amount on one of the principal Berlin banks. The cheque was re- fused, and immediate payment in gold was de manded. With great difficulty the sum was " collected from the various members ot the staff and from the Russian Consul-General at Darmstadt, who accompanied them. . In the meantime the German Ambassador in Paris, Baron von Schoen, had been treated' with the utmost consideration by the French authori ties, a special train furnished with all comfort \- being provided to take' him to the German fron-. - tier.' - "But the Berliners' treatment of the Russian Embassy staff was the most disgraceful ' of ail. - Before their departure an enormous crowd : formed in front of the Embassy. The car in which the Ambassador, drove to the station ' was escorted by mounted police; but storms . of abuse were hurled at the Ambassador, and. the police had grc-dt difficulty in preventing ; actual" assault upon him: The personnel of the ' Embassy and their friends followed the Am- . bassador in another car. . A crowd, composed . to some extent ' of the educated classes, rfol- . lowed, yelling abuse, throwing stones, spit ting in the faces of the Embassy staff, and hit- . ting with sticks and umbrella's, not only at the men but also at the ladies. The first secre tary of the Embassy was struck so .severely on the head that his blood soaked two handker chiefs. A lady, an American subject, was struck on the hack, shoulder, and head by a well-dressed man with a long white heard, and people spat in her face. Two other ladies were badly treated. The Russian Minister at Stuttgart and Karlsruhe," the Secretary of the Karlsruhe Legation, and two." more ladies were spat, upon. - British, French, ' and Russian sut jects caught in Germany on the outbreak of war were also in many eases badly treated. Parts of Germany Were possessed with a spy- hunting mania, and they were easy victims. It is true that letters from some returned travel lers appeared about this time in the British press, declaring that the greatest kindness had been shown them on their way out of Ger many. But it would seem that in most cases the writers of these letters left the country before the outbreak of war with Britain. Until - then Englishmen were treated well enough, but afterwards a hatred of everything British broke out, of which there is plenty of evidence all through the war. II.— AUSTRIA-HUNGARY. rpHE opportunity of giving Servia a lesson was received with enthusiasm in Austria. War demonstrations were held throughout the Em pire; at Vienna a crowd 100,000 strong welcoqjed the Emperor on his arrival, and the press of Hungary, aa well as Austria, and even Czech and Polish newspapers, emphasised the national unity In the hour of danger. In the Hungarian Parliament Opposition leaders declared their whole-hearted sympathy with the Government's action. Leading Hungarian nobles volunteered for the army, and hundreds of women, both married and single, and including many ladies of title, applied for permission to act as nurses. Yet Austria's unreadiness for a great war "must have been realised by thoughtful people. It was not long before the unity of .feeling ex pressed everywhere turned out to be. not much more than skin-deep. Reports began to come . in of revolts of Czech and Polish regiments in Bohemia, and for a whole day the. rebels suc ceeded in holding Prague. Other disturbances followed, and in Austria itself an economic crisis threatened. For some time prices all round had been rising steadily, and even be fore the intervention of any other nation into . the quarrel with Servia they mounted so high that a panic broke out in Vienna, end official regulations had to be introduced. The effect of the panic was accentuated by the usual efforts on the part of the, rich and greedy to lay by big stocks of provisions. Later on, as will be . seen, the'shortage in Vienna became acute; and extraordinary measures had to be taken. Aus tria was not disgraced, however, by the out- . rages against consuls and ambassadors that were committed in Germany. Britain's decla ration of war does not seem to have been much of a surprise, taough there had been some hope that she might remain neutral as regards Aus tria. And the Austrian people did not show the violent hatred of all things British that inflamed Germany. It ' seems to have been generally believed that Servia by herself would be an easy nut to crack, and that Rus sia's intervention could be prevented. Austria was soon to find that in both these beliefs she was mistaken. Chapter ATI. THE NEUTRAL COUNTRIES. , I.— THE UNITED STATES. THIS WAR was to emphasise vigorously the not very definitely realised fact that it is not possible for any nation to ' stand out of a modern war. Evea if she can avoid the direct loss caused by fighting, and preparations . for fighting, the indirect losses arising out of the effect of the war upon her, trade, she cannot avoid. The United States, the one world- Power that had otherwise no concern whatever in the war, was to feel all this," and that against any nation which breaks the .peace of the world every other nation has a just grievance. Even before war broke out the trade of the United States began to feel Its effects. Import, and especially export, trade , was dislocated," ."and business : slackened generally. Prices : began . to climb, and farmers and stockholders Increased this tendency by holding back in the hope of. still higher rates. The 'stock exchanges closed down, mines curtailed their outputs. Customs and ex cise revenue decreased, enormously! .and soon the question of Imposing' frosh.t'axatloa had to be considered,. The. position improved, how ever, as the first excitement cplmed, ' and it was realised that Britain was. able. .to protect the sea routes. As! against all this, the impact of war did. some gopd to the United State's. A realisation of the impossibility of world isola tion was forced- upon her, -and the Importance of her relations with Oid-world ! countries, at the- same time that fresh trade possibilities be- gan to be discovered, especially as regards South America. ' At the same time, under the. leadership of President "Wilson, ' an attempt was made to . take up a broader and more humane attitude than that of mere selfish rejoicing at the oppor tunities arising out of the needs of hungry populations. He emphasised the fact that it was the duty o£ the United States to help the' rest of the world during the crisis. All that was possible was done to charter vessels to carry, home the thousands .of American citizens who found themselves stranded in Europe, and to export foodstuffs to foreign countries; and,- though the proposal to transfer all shipping to the American flag during the war would have worked nut very'unfairly to Britain, it was made with the best intention's. Upon' the United States, as a great. and, from its mixed origin, presumably unbiassed Power, fell a weight of responsibility, . which she bore, on " the whole, wisely and -with- dignity. She not only stood for the rights and duties of neutral States generally, but represented the public opinion of the world. Her neutrality was pro claimed early in August, and everywhere in bel ligerent countries her representatives were asked to assume the responsibility of looking after the interests of enemy subjects. An -ex ample of the value of her action in such cases ;was the protection she was able to afford Brit ish, citizens in Berlin, and Belgians and others in: Belgium.. President Wilson 'also. early of fered his services' as mediator, though the im mediate consequence of that was nothing but a .series of courteous and ' negative replies. An " . elaborate system of 'American cable censor- ' ; ship was worked out, with a view to prevent- ; ! Ing breaches of America's neutrality obliga tions. ' ' But, though the greatest care was. taken to preserve the letter and spirit ! of. neutral- . lty, and though, all along public . opinion '.in the. United States, at' least' in . the "east, ' .and as , expressed in the ; more responsible newspapers," showed. itself .with few exceptions anxious . only' to find out" the truth, it soon became evident that ' the ..bulk of. the ' American people's sympathies "were with the Allies. There was' a feeling that- their cause, and especially. Britain's cause, was just, and American citizens' .reports of German brutali ties, the ex cathedra utterances of the "Kaiser and the .German Chancellor, and the imagin'a- . five efforts of the German Ambassador to the United . States (Count Bernstoril) enormously strengthened this feeling. In its extremest form, it showed itself in the return of large numbers of Canadians from the United States to join Canada's expeditionary force, in the desire of American citizens from all over the States to enlist, and in the formation of an American volunteer, corps in Paris. But for the most part it found expression in energetic dis belief in the inspired . romances coming from the German embassy and from Berlin. II. — ITALY AND TURKEY. 0F the other neutral States, there are only two which need be considered at present — Italy and Turkey. Though a member of the Triple Alliance Italy took an eariv oppor tunity of declaring herself neutral. ' She had been more or less tricked into the Alliance by Bismarck, in 1SS2, and in any case she de clared that its obligations applied only to de fensive operations, whereas the Austro-Servian war was essentially an offensive war. Not only had Italy no interest in the war, but neither Austria nor Germany consulted her before entering'upon it. They simply sent her notice of their ultimatums and then requested her support. As a matter of fact, Italy's sym pathies had 'always been against Austria, which still possesses along the Adriatic shore territory which was formerly Italian, and in which, in fact, about 1,000,000 Italians are still living. This . was Italy's " lost pro vince, and she had always regarded it as her region of expansion. Her main motive for alliance, besides German and. Austrian pres sure, had been fear of France, and this fear had proved without foundation. Italy held, therefore, firmly to her neutrality, in spite of pressure in the way of appeals, threats, and promises from Germany and Austria, entice ments froin the other side, and the growth of a large body of public opinion against Austria and in favor of the. Allies. She supported Pre sident "Wilson's offer of mediation, and looked carefully to her defences. And all the while she . did . a great volume of trade with Austria and Germany. 7 . Of all the States in the .world, only one showed any- definite sympathy with Germany and Austria in the war. That one State was Turkey, and no doubt her sympathy was partly bought . and partly due to (ear of Russia. She followed the example of other States not directly concerned, in declaring her neutrality, and in mobilising troops at the same time. She also closed the Bosphorus to war ships. But experience has proved that Turkey's as surances are to be relied upon just so long as it pays her to keep to them, and no longer; and as a matter of fact, in spite of her neutral ity, her friendship with Germapy found all the expression she dared give it. This was ex emplified in the romantic career of the war ships Goeben and Brcslau, to be outlined later, and in the German-inspired distortions of war- news and attack's upon the Allies, which appeared in the Turkish press, as well as In other ways. Chapter VIII. INVASION OF BELGIUM. I.— UNEXPECTED RESISTANCE. WHILE the Germans were making their demand for the free passage of their troops through Belgium's neu tral territory, their troops were operat ing north of Liege, but had not actually crossed the Belgian .frontier. On Mon day, August 3, it was announced that they were at Vise, 12 miles from Liege, and the sarno day it was reported that they had occupied Arlon. Tho invaders had crossed the frontier in motor-cars at several points, followed by large bodies of cavalry. - Between the frontier and Vise the Belgians blew up bridges, . and, by heavy fire, foiled repeated. attempts of the Germans to cross on pontoons. Vise was stub bornly defended. and it was only .afters long and fierce struggle that the Germans took the town. . - . . It was here that. there , occurred the first of those terrible reprisals which .were to charac terise the German advance through .Belgium. In this regard one finds, great difficulty in sift ing' the facts from , the mass of published re ports. Dreadful stories, qf German "brutali ties", have, been told.,. Many have been so overdone as to make them- unbelievable; some -may be tcue enough.- ;-.Of. war, "brutality" is, after all, a part, and in.tlie hot biood "of battle .: many ugly things- are (lone. .- Probably,' too, . there have 'been in Belgium happenings for which even, the exigencies of war are- no ex cuse. It has been so in. all campaigns.- It > has been admitted that at -Vise non-combatants helped the Belgian soldiers to resist the Ger- man attack, and the (ate of non-combatants who are caught with arms in "war time i3 always the same. Therefore, when Vise fell, and .the invaders swarmed in and set . fire to the town, there was a good deal. of killing— perhaps more -.than jenpugh. It was said to "be ' an army of 100,000; men,- with heavy artillery, that swept on towards Liege, destroying vil- . lages as it went; and at 4 o'clock on Tuesday . afternoon the people "of the Dutch town of . - , Mnestricht, into which wounded from Vise were pouring, could still hear the sound of a heavy " cannonade to the southward. German troops ' at that "time werp still crossing the frontier in large" numbers. , . .. 'Proofs1 of German preparedness' tor the at tack on Belgium were early discovered. The belief was general In Belgium that the German attack had been arranged long before hand, and this view was apparently confirmed by the fact, later discovered, that a famous Belgian castle belonging to d German Prinoe bad been cleared of its valuable contents nearly six weeks Before tho frontier . was violated, silver, works of art. and Jewellery being sent to Germany. Furthermore, the whole country was beset "by German spies, of whom no fewer than five, disguised as priests, were arrested at the Gare du Nord, in Brussels. Yet the ' pretence that the. entry into Belgium was the result of unforeseen circumstances was main tained. When the German's entered the." neu- - tral territory the following proclamation was issued ' by General yon Emmich, Commander- - in-Chief of the invading army:— "To my great regret the German troops are compelled to cross the Belgian .frontier by inevitable necessity, the neutrality of . Bel gium having been already violated by French - ' officers who crossed the frontier in disguise in motor-cars: Our greatest desire is to avoid a conflict between our peoples, . who , have hitherto been friendly and were formerly > allies. Remember "Waterloo, where the Ger- '. man armies contributed to found the Inde- «' pendence of your country:.' But we. must N have a clear road. ; The destruction of bridges, tunnels, and railways will have to be considered hostile actions. I hope that the German army on the Mcuse will not be called upon to fight you. We want a clear road to attack those who wish to attack us. I guarantee that the Belgian population will not have to suffer the horrors of war. We will pay for provisions, and our soldiers will show themselves to be the best friends -of a people for whom we have the highest es teem and the greatest sympathy. It depends upon your prudence and patriotism to avoid the horrors of war for your country." On August 5, King Albert of Belgium went to Louvain to put himself personally at the head of his troops. The proclamation that he Issued to the army was in keeping .with tfce Belgian spirit. A haughty, neighboring na- . tion, he said, had, without provocation, vio lated treaties, and Belgian territory had .been attacked, because Belgium had refused to for feit her honor. To a joint sitting of the par liamentary Chambers, the King addressed an other message. In this he said: "Belgium is ready to make all sacrifices necessary to resist the invader." The declaration aroused a burst of. enthusiasm, and was followed by a spirited speech by Herr Dcsbroqueville.-who said: "The Government will not sacrifice Belgium's honor ! in the face of Germany's threat. The word, therefore, is 'To arms!' Belgium will never submit." All classes, it was said at this time, were gathered round the sovereign, and as a proof of the sincerity of the Govern ment and its desire to weld all interests. in one and sink party differences Herr Vanderveldc, the well-known Socialist leader, was appointed a Minister of the Crown. A war vote of fS.COO.OOO was passed by the Chamber of De puties, and an army of 150,000 troops was mobi lised to defend the neutrality of the strategi cal line from Malmcdy to Liege, The little State had been roused very thoroughly, and the unexpected resistance which it offered to the German advance along the Meuse must have- been a great surprise to the war men of the Kaiser. German losses in these early en- - counters were heavy, and the courage of the Belgians was admitted to " he superb. Even after they had sacked Vise and crossed the river the Germans met with such -fierce opposi tion that their onslaught was for the time . being checked, and ttie .attack . on Liege, was delayed.- Liege and Namur were . adjudged . points of great importance, for they controlled the main line of invasion into France, and Liege wqs a railway junction of the first class. It was ' : defended by .12 forts, from two to three miles apart, and about four miles from the town. The total armament, including supplementary bat teries, was 400 guns. The weakness of Liege lay in. the wide intervals between the .works and in a garrison (about 22,000 men) too small tor the large perimeter (33 miles) to be de fended. The Belgian garrisons of Namur and Liege have always been too small for the long and determined defence of these places. When Sir George Clarke, now Lord Sydenham, reported on them in IS90 at the request of the late King Leopold, he estimated that the two fortresses heeded 74,000 men, and the Ger mans were probably equally well aware that the fortresses were too lightly held. With adequate garrisons the places might, experts thought, have held out for a month or more, but as it was, there could be small hope of continued resistance,. „ II.— HEROIC LIEGE. "DUT even optimistic critics were surprises at rr the endurance of the little garrison at Liege, The 22,000 Belgians succeeded in holding up SS.000 Germans. It was not till the fourth day after the attack thai the first of the in vaders entered the town of Liege, and even then they had not by any means done with the forts; it was much longer before the last of them was silenced. Directly the position was threatened a whole army of navvies was set to work, under military direction, digging deep trenches, preparing obstacles, cutting down trees, and destroying buildings which inter fered with the fire ot the defenders. Com manding the little force of defenders was General Leman. He was 62 years of age; ho ? had lived peacefully as professor , of mathe matics at the' Belgian Military Academy, and he had never before done any work as a prac tical soldier. .Yet he proved, himself a man of untiring energy, great military skill, and extreme courage. ' The first blows were struck against Forts. Barchon, Evegnee, and Fieron, bn the eastern , side, "and then the nttack ex tended to thq forts and works on the right' ; bank of the. river. , Various estimates have " been made, of the German losses, in these early . assaults on. the' forts, and though it Is not pos sible, yet to- ascertain/then accurately. It Is . . certain that .they were'' considerable'., It !was . said at the" time, that they acknowledged 25,000 ; casualties."- ..The .struggle round Liege. was .tej- -j : ribly -fierce, .'the Belgians fighting with, extra- '. .ordinary , courage., and without rest, while .the :|- Germans," were, constantly Renewing their',. at- !|: 1 tacking, line-'; Abqut this time two of Austria's ij finest- arm v-corps- star ted— the I4th from Jnnis- i! , bruick.and! the.3rd from Graz— for the Rhine, !'< anil it. was heW by experts that tills was a proof that Germany's position bad become seriously involved by her failure speedily to overrun Liege. It is certain that they tem porarily ran short of supplies,, and that the holding up of the attackers caused considerable congestion. There was thought, too, to be some fear among the Germans concerning the advance of the Russians. They were believed to be, as one writer put tt, :"gloomy and be wildered, and fearful regarding the terrible CossackB, who were about to enter and devour their country behind them." That thl3 was a rather highly-colored attempt to picture the German state" of mind Ib probably true, for later events have shown that the "terrible Cossacks" were to devour little but their own commissariat supplies for some time to come. But doubtless the original German scheme was considerably upset by the check at Liegfe. It had been said that they had calculated to reach Paris In a fortnight. It" was on the evening of the fourth day of the siege that General von Emmich, the Ger man commander, found the spaces between the forts open, and the invnders entered in small parties. At the citadel von Emmich informed the Governor and the Burgomaster that unless the forts surrendered he would bombard and raze the town completely. On the orders of the Belgian Government the Governor left the town. Seventeen notables, beaded by the bishop and several deputies and senators, begged von Emmich not to bombard. The Ger mans detained the whole deputation as hos tages. They made efforts to be on good terms with the. townspeople; but they feared trouble, and held the bishop and his companions by way at .precaution, By the end of the week the German forces were concentrating at Herstal, a suburb of Liege, about three miles from the city. There, under a heavy fire, they con structed. a pontoon bridge, so that their heavy siege gunB might he taken across the river. At. the same time, other heavy guns started for N'amur, where the German artillery was, it was believed, being massed. The Belgian staff did not consider the occupation of Liege important, because tbe forts still controlled the three principal roads .by which tho- Germans could, advance. However, the enemy were active in other directions,, and, while the troops outside \- Liege were revlctualling, cavalry in some . strength crossed the Meuse and reached . Tongres, a Belgian town in Limbourg to the .north- west, . ' III.— THE FRUITS OF WAR. "V\AMUR was now the centre of attention so far as. ibis phase of the German advance was concerned, and on it opposing, farces were said to-be concentrating. The firBt brigade of Belgian cavalry, 15C0 strong, set out on Tues day. August 11, from Charlerol, a town further west, along 'the Sarobre, and for some, time held in check a .much stronger force of Ger- . mans. It was at Namur that the second de cisive blow was expected to be struck by the invading army; but there seems as yet' to have been little' terror In the hearts of the Belgian' people. A correspondent who visited Namur and neighboring places about August 9 wrote:— ' "Except for the soldiers, it was almost impos sible to think that the towns I passed through were in a state of siege. The atmosphere of ' Namur on Sunday, for example, was that of a jour de fete; Belgian, French, and British flags flying from every window, the children (n white or other summer clothing, their hair, gaily he- , ribboned. In the villages the usual ser.vices were taking place, but it was noticeable that' the. congregations, for the most part were com-' posed of women and children. All the. able-' bodied young men. had, gone to the colors, the older men were on. service in the civil guard' or- on watch over the roads, bridges, and rail ways in tbe adjacent country .districts. The women with whom-I. spoke were absolutely uri- complaining, 'and their 'lout.va bien pour la Belgiquc'- betrayed a decided sense of pride, and - confidence." . The French, too, were full, of ! elan, and they and the Belgians were fraternis ing. When news of the . taking of Mulhausen in . Alsace-Lorraine — to which province; . with characteristic national enthusiasm; a dash had been made by the French— was given to the. western troops in the field, there ' was little enthusiasm; but signs of inward rejoicing were not wanting. "Ah" said a captain's orderly, who had been -a clerk ai the Bourse in Paris,., and whose home -was in the. Boulevard Saint Jacques, "Voila, the empty corner .of. my .heart ' ' filled at last" But in spite of this sturdy spirit, in spite \- of the fact that tbe war had only, just begun,, and that its . red horrors were as - yet con fined to comparatively Bmall areas;- Its second ary effects, often manifested In dumb suffer ing, were beginning to spread through the towns and villages of France and . Belgium, In Bruges on Monday, August 10, a correspon dent found the Grand Place filled with over 10,000 people, of whom many had -come , from - the surrounding country and were met together to pray le bon . Dicu. for strength- and courage to meet the dark days to come, for tbe souls of the brave men who had gone out to look death In the face, and for the speedy return of peace. And there, was possibly an even, more pathetic side to It. The special corres- . pondent 'of the London "Times," in a despatch sent from Bruges on August 11, "wrote: — "To-day X have seen in two of the barrack squares of the town over a thousand men, women, and children belonging to the nation . - which has brought upon Europe the scourge of this hideous war. In the first there were about 750 refugees, whole families of Germans who for years past have made their -homes (and their friends) and lived their llYes in Antwerp, Brussels, Bruges, and other parts of Belgium. Because of the war they havo for the past week gone, in peril of their lives. Because of the war they have been, hunted as spies wherever they showed their faces in tbe streets, and are now forced to flee the country under the protection of the Belgian soldiery. There were even two Trappist monks among them. One side of the square has been turned into ..quarters for the women and children. All day long they stand a-bout on tbe parade ground, or sit on their boxes or bundles, waiting for the honr when tbey will he entrained and taken across the frontier into Holland to make a new start in an unknown life' In en unknown country. Except that they are kept to their own side of the square; they arc allowed to move about as they like. The men when they come out of the barracks op posite are drawn up in an irregular kind of military formation. ' For "the most part' they prefer to sit In the windows of their quar ters, looking hopelessly out at "their "wives and children and the handful of -' Gardes Clviques, armed with rifles and fixed bayonets, \- who are responsible for their keeping. Many of these people are rich, and" carry" their . money and jewels on th'elr persons; Some are the poorest of the poor, all are. wretched and have a hunted, despairing look on their faces. The "first few batches that were brought-'to the barrack gates were' received with angry cries of hatred by the crowd out- 'side.. They were Germans, and, .-therefore, ij presumably spies. They, had been"" hunted, most- of them, as a bank holiday crowd chases a rabbit. That spirit, howc-ver. is disap pearing.' - Even .the Belgians in tbe street are beginning to see. the pathos of their position. Those that have the entree ot the " prison — for it is a prison as well as an asy lum — are treating them with extraordinary . kindness. The gendarmes are gentle as well as firm with them. One or two people seem to .give their whole time to mothering the women and children; others come from as far off as Brussels to help in caring for them, anil the Committee which has been formed will soon have arranged all that can bo thought of to make their lite as tolerable as possible till they are taken 0out of the country. But nothing can alter the fact that they are being driven from hearth and home, not by the Belgians, but by the war. Their sufferings are "one of its -inevitable by-products." IV.— STRENGTH OF THE GERMANS. T?Y this time facts concerning the available strength of the German attacking force were 'beginning to be known. One expert estimated that by the beginning of the second week of the campaign 20 army corps were ready to advance, these including eight divisions ot cavalry and the fourteenth Austrian corps. These to gether totalled 1,275,000, made up as follows: 783,000 rifles, 65,000 sabres, 4416 guns, 14S8 machine guns. The first line consisted of eight corps, the seventh, ninth, and tenth being about Liege, the fourth at Rochefort, the nine teenth at Bastogne, the eighth at Luxemburg, and tbe sixteenth and second Bavarians at Thionville and Touard. The 21st German corps was' between Metz and Saarburg, and the fif-. teenth between Strasburg and NeubreiEch, while the Russian frontier was being defended, by the first, second, fifth, sixth, seventeenth, and twentieth. The German plan, it was held by critics, had the Eupreme merit of enabling the mass of the army to act together in any . direction. The natural line ot advance was held to be against Verdun, Mezleres, Namur, and Brussels. The second line, which con sisted of nine army corps, Included the eleventh and third at Verviers. The twelfth and third Bavarians were in echelon behind the eighth army corps In Luxemburg, on the railway be tween Mersch and Trcisviergcs. The thir teenth and first Bavarians were _at Snarbruck. In all there were 17 army corps, aggregating a million men, whom the Kaiser was able to launch against Belgium and. Northern France. Ten thousand German cavalrymen, followed by a detachment of Infantry, had begun a method- . leal reconnaissance of the' French and Bel gian positions, and a battle was-heing hourly expected. Germans, ' advancing' strongly from Ilesbaye, in Central Belgium, had halted at Hnnnut, 17 miles north-west of Liege, and there had been frequent skirmishes along the Tirlemont-St. Andre line, farther west still, and about 25 miles from Brussels. AH day August 12 an artillery duel was fought along an extensive -front, the brunt of tbe engagement failing on the troops at Diest, a town midway between the German frontier and Brussels, where the Germans sought to -- push forward with a mixed force. It was particularly strong in cav alry.. In the 'course of the day's fighting repeated attacks' were made by the invaders on Haelcn, to the south ot the Demer River, and an outpost'Of Dicst. Diest in former times was a citadel of importance; but the . fortifications were dismantled many years ago. Nevertheless, the town was strongly held by field artillery and regiments of the line, and they managed for the time being to keep tho- Germans out. News ot the doings' of the next day or two is scanty, and consists mostly of ' somewhat scrappy despatches of Dutch origin. . These mention incidentally thai; the- Germans were to some extent, chagrined by the spirited defence, and that several of their carefully- , : laid plans had been upset. It was also re- ported that fighting had occurred- at St. Trond, Haclen, and Aiken, and that a strong division was busy entrenching at Ourthe. A detachment encamped near the .southern Dutch frontier was engaged regulating the means of communi- . cation, which was said to be in great confusion. . Also, early on the mprnlng qf .the 13th, a fierce - cannonade began in the direction of Tongres, and continued till 2 p.m. Another Belgian .success was reported on : ' . August 13. The: German, troops, beaten the previous .day at .Haeien and CortenaekCUj re turned to the attack, and were repulsed with heavy loss. To reach Diest, the Germans bad to cross either Ihd- Get he,- near Haeien) or . the Velp, near Corlenaeken. . The .Belgians oc cupied both -places -with artillery, entrenched, and erected barricades. Savage fighting oc curred, and the Germans after suffering heavy loss retreated along tbe banks of the Gethe and Velp. By this time Namur had been heavi-" ly garrisoned,- and the inhabitants had been dis armed, in order that . the- Germans, if they took the town, might have no excuse for wreaking vengeance . upon the. civil . .population. The French in some force were holding the left bank of the Meuse. Tbe Germans, on the 12tb, had advanced from Hassclt,. on the Demer, in the direction of Antwerp. Bejlglan troops were sent out from Dicst to meet them, "and between these two points there was fighting In which the casualties were considerable. The Bel gians eventually retreated on Dicst, and the old forts near the town were taken by the Ger mans. The Belgians immediately fell back at Tongres, and were considered to he merely 'harassing the enemy, so as to gain time for the advance of the main army, French and Belgian, which was forming behind them. All the resisting forts at Liege were now systema tically besieged and bombarded, ' the Germans having abandoned the idea of taking them by storm. It was said to be the belief then that they would sweep on to Antwerp, taking Brus sels en route. There was on the part of the Invaders a studious avoidance of infringe ment of Dutch territory or in any way -giving offence to the- people of Holland. On tho other band, it' waa asserted in so many words, that, while sedulously courting the friendship of the Hollanders,- the Germans were as Industriously trying to foment "dissention between the Dutch and the Belgians, the hu mane treatment of wounded and refugee Ger mans in Holland being used to aid misunder standings. At Dinant, south of Namur, there was an engagement, a feature of which was a prolonged artillery duel, which was kept up all the afternoon. The Germans, who had occupied part of the town, -were driven out again by the French, and tbe importance of the fighting was afterwards admitted -when it became known that tho French had here- succeeded in foiling a German attempt to push a large force across : the Meuse. - The enemy also attempted to dash through the -defences at Wavre,. but were re- \- pulsed by Belgian cavalry and a. strong force ot the Civil Guard. .On Sunday afternoon, too, there was an engagement between outposts at Louvain, -.and advance guards also -came Into contact .on the . same -day .near Wavre, Gem- bloux, and Grand. Lecz. ,.In each case the Ger man advance was checked. Wavre is only 13 miles from Brussels, aiid was the scene of a desperate battle between the Prussians and French on the same: day "as the battle of Waterloo:: j i . . V.— THE FALL OF BRUSSELS. ! QN' MONDAY, August 17, the French and Rus sian Ministers at the court ot King Albert handed over their archives to the care of the Spanish Minister, and left for Antwerp with the Belgian Government. The Queen and -the two princes, in deference to the wishes of the Government, also went from Brussels to the palace at Antwerp. In order to allay public anxiety, however, it was formally announced that there was no cause for panic; that. In deed, tho prospects had never looked brighter since the beginning of the war, and that very important measures had been taken to ensure tbe safety of the city in which there were 20,000 guards, well armed and equipped. At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 17th the distant thunder of a cannonade was heard in the heart of-the city. On Saturday, August 15, an official communique bad been issued in Paris advising tbe French people to be prepared for news of a great battle which was said to be im minent, and it was stated that the junction ot the French and Belgian armies was then com plete. Three French staff officers had been at tached to tbe Belgian headquarters, and two Belgian staff officers were with the French headquarters staff. At the name time, it was stated officially in England that the Germans wore about to endeavor to envelop the Allies' .extreme left. It was re-asserted, too, that Austria was sending large supports' to the German army's left wing, besides concentrating troops in Galicia. By order of the Military Governor of Antwerp, the Town Guard was mobilised, and sent on August 18 to man all the fortified positions around the city. By this time German scouting parlies had been seen all round Namur, a'nd two of the forts, Mai- zenet and Dave, bad been engaged during the greater part of a day. In Central Belgium an attempt was made to turn tbe flank of the Bel gian army, and oblige it'to retire towards Ant werp, and so separate it from the French. If \- this had- succeeded it would have exposed tho Germans to a flank' attack from both sides by a return of the offensive on the part of the : Allies, and it was thought possible that this tactical movement Was intended to mask a ma noeuvre by tbe German forces marching south .. wards along tbe-Meuse. Early on the afternoon of the 18tb, the Germans entered Tirlemont, be tween Namur and Diest, in strong force, mostly cavalry and artillery. There was an immediate panic, and it has been stated that the German cavalry perpetrated many acts of wanton cruelty on the- stampeding townsfolk. About five miles from the town, however, two trains were' made up, and 1000 refugees escaped in them. The last glimpse the terror- stricken people had of tho town showed smoke and flames rising at various " ; points. Reports were - now received of operations at several points. On the 19th a big bat tle was said to b.e in progress on the line from .Diest and Tirlemont to Givet; German outposts who had' covered the district.bctween Gembloux and Jodigne were reported to be retreating be fore Belgian forces; many refugees arrived 'at Br.ussels from Aerschot. and Diest; . Grand Rozierc was set on fire; a body of cavalry from Antwerp made a reconnaissance in the direction of Hercnthout, . and encountered a superior force of . German cavalry; and German patrols were reported to have been seen in several -places in Antwerp province, notably at Gheel and Moll. By this- time the British Expedl- ; tlqnary Force, whose mobilisation and despatch had been another of Lord Kitchener's triumphs ot. organisation, had arrived in France, and re- ceived an . enthusiastic welcome from the ; French people. Their movements were for the ' : time being kept seeret. On August 18 it was reported that German , cavalry patrols had been ' seen away north of Antwerp, and on the same .. day news was published of the retirement iu \- good order, of S00 defenders of Liege, though the forts- had not .yet been 'shbdued. Some French' cavalry, who, by means of. a notable forced march, succeeded in joining the Belgians about this -time, encountered considerable German foTces-'ln the "vicinity of Ramillies, - about- .15,- miles north-east of Namur, and passed a num ber of burned villages. - : Py August 29 the allied armies had been . arranged in" a great semi-circle, starting from Diest, north-east of Brussels, and curving west and south by Quatre Bras and "Wavre to Givet.' The French had occupied the Meuse from a point 'near Namur to the French fron tier, and there had been- many skirmishes with - ! German cavalry. The Belgians had gradually drawn in and, stiffened their long line of troops; ! arid now held a strongly- entrenched second line"' covering the approaches to Louvain, Brussels', and -Antwerp. By August 20 the telegraph offices had closed, trains had ceased run ning to Brussels, and the Civil Guard had fallen back on Termonde. The Germans camped that night just outside Brussels. The official an nouncement made at this time was to tbe effect that the hulk of the Belgian field army, con fronted by superior numbers, had fallen' back, ' after having admirably performed their duty of delaying the hostile advance, and enabling their, 'allies' to complete their "concentration. : The retirement, it was said, was dictated, by the strategical situation. The change in tho atmosphere of Brussels during the preceding day or two had been remarkable. When com munication by rail with Ostend was cut off and it became known that the place was completely isolated, the city for tbe first time lost Its calm. All day. long the Place de la Gare, in front of the Nord station, .was thronged by a sombre, waiting . mass- of. people of all ages arid classes, which now and then broke and wavered in spasms qf agitation. A sense of foreboding which had never been experienced before was over all. "All day long," wrote one witness of. these scenes, "the station was dis gorging something to occupy the. attention of the crowds;.' eomctimes a few terribly wounded from the trenches, sometimes a weary, be grimed infantryman back from the front, round whom the. crowd eagerly gathered for news as . he limped: towards a cafe for refreshment. All day long big cars filled with officers thundered up, stopped a moment, and then leapt away on their mysterious errands. Everywhere one was asked, almost hysterically, as to the where abouts of the Expeditionary Force. Tt is time they camc,! -a Belgian workman said, Tittle Belgium has need of them.' The belief In England is pathetic in it3 intensity." ' It was the nearness to tragedy which made the at mosphere of Brussels. Throughout Tuesday, August 18, the people had been told that all was going splendidly; The huge crowds in front : of the Gare du Nord' seemed quite Happy until about 3 o'clock - a long string of carts full ot - weeping refugees arrived from districts where the metropolitan population had been "led to believe the army was in strength. The arrival ' of fresh wounded and of dusty, begrimed- sol dier cyclists, who, with set faces, dashed past, - refusing ail --requests for news, got ori tho nerves of the crowd, and tho- sight- of a Farman biplane over -the city caused a panic. - - - On the 19th -there was. a fierce action at Aer schot, and the Belgians, after a stubborn resfs- - tance, were forced to retire on Louvain. Brus sels was doomed. - The Germans had thrown two army corps against Louvain, the weak point, as it turned out. of the line. The Ger man force, with a front of 30 miles, was cov ered by a great cavalry screen, and Diest and Louvain, poorly garrisoned, had no chance of resisting the enemy's advance. The Eelgians lacked cavalry to Cope with the Uhlans, and their guns were outranged. On the 20th the Germans entered the Belgian capital shortly after 2 p.m. without a shot being fired. The civil Government had at the last moment dis banded the Civic Guard, whom the Germans had not recognised as soldiers. In the morning M- Max, the Burgomaster, had gone out to meet the invaders, who had halted outside the Lou vain gate. M. Max had claimed for the citi zens their rights under the laws of war„regu- iating the treatment of an unfortified capital, but had been compelled to surrender uncondi tionally, and was made plainly to understand that he would be held responsible for any overt \- act on the part of the citizens against the Ger mans. The results of this interview may be summarised thus: — (1) The free passage of Ger man troops through Brussels. (2) The quart ering of a garrison of 3000 men in the barracks of Daily and Etterbeek. (3) Requisitions to be paid for in cash.- (4) Respect for the inhabi tants and for public and private property. (5) The management, free from German control, of public affairs by the municipal administration. The Burgomaster immediately placarded a .pro clamation In this sense on the -walls of the city, and there was also displayed a proclama tion by the German commander warning the people against indiscretions. The investment of tho city was carried out with great ceremony and imprc-ssivcness, be-r tween 35,000 and 40,000 men, representing every branch of the service, with bands playing and complete equipment well displayed, marching in triumphal procession through the principal thoroughfares, the soldiers singing "Die Y.'acht - am Rhein" and "Deutschland Uber Alles." It has been definitely stated by careful observers that the Germans cannot be said to have dur ing this display outraged the ordinary laws of war; but the arrogant bearing and actions of their officers cut deeply into Belgian- sensitive ness, so that it was only by resolute mastery of their injured feelings, that they were, able to obey the wise, advice ot the Burgomaster to refrain from provocative demonstrations. Un der cover of darkness that night- thousands of refugees left the capital, many of them walk ing to Alost, Ghent, and Ostend. In the morn ing it was impossible, except at great risk, to leave the city. Over the undefended country to the south and w'est of Brussels the Germans that day threw out enveloping arms of cavalry, and Alost was taken during the morning. There was great excitement at Ostend, where the enemy was now hourly expected. "When it was announced in England that: the Germans had demanded from Belgium a .war contribution of -£8,000,000 the Treasury imme diately invited tenders for £15,000,000 of Trea sury Bills, of which amount £10,000,000 wns re quired for a loan from the British Government to Belgium. For this' money It was later! de cided, on the suggestion of Mr. John Redmond, the Irish Nationalist leader, to charge Belgium no interest. Franco also, at a later date; de cided to make a similar loan. The magnitude of the German demand in this connection -may . be realised by comparing it with the modest £60,000 levied upon Orleans during the war of 1870-71. After the fall of Brussels events de veloped somewhat rapidly. By August 21- Na mur had fallen (though some of the forts held out), and Ghent had been occupied without re sistance. The Germans- had begun ;rurining . trains between Liege and Brussels, and had im proved their commissariat -arrangements by means' of motor services from the railway: ter mini over the Belgian' frontier. The fail of Namur made, it necessary for portion of the allied troops to withdraw from the line of the Satnbre to their original defensive position on the French frontier. Meantime, however)' the British, though opposed by two German- army "corps, had reached a new position after Heavy fighting. The enemy's 4th Army Corps, cover ing the right wing of the attack, was spread ; out along the Dutch frontier. " ; "VT. — LUXEMBURG AND ALSACE- ' LORRAINE. . " : JJY this time military operations had extend ed over a long line of country, stretching all the way from the northern . extremity ' of Holland, through not- only- Belgium, hut Luxemburg, Lorraine - and" Alsace, rind the strip of North France over against them, as far as the northern border of Switzerland. During the last- few days of July, Germany had set to work arming her Lorraine strongholds and" concentrating several army corps east of Metz and Joinyille. A covering army of ris many as 300,000 men is said to have been massed along the French ' frontier, and German troops had, before: any declaration of war with France, and while ; the German Ambassador was still in Paris, 2 crossed the French frontier at three or four points from both Lorraine and Alsace, fired on Customs officers, arid comhiittcd various acts of \- war; Almost immediately the Germans' from Alsace had t6 retire before a- French advance, which later on extended also to Lorraine, but towards the end of August the Germans were able to regain their lost ground: -And about - the end of August even Luneville, which is- well within the frontier, was' occupied by Ger man troops. There is little, however, in any,, of these preliminary operations that need: bo considered here. The French operations con-, sisted of little more than a- reconnaissance in force, .which became a retirement as coon as it met with any very vigorous resistance. At the same time, the preliminary successes oh-, tained, especially in Alsace, heartened, the whole of France, and when the news of them" reached Paris a congratulatory proclamation" was issued, and a great crowd, including! 1870 veterans, solemnly removed "the 'crape with" . which the Strasburg statue had been draped: for 40 years. - There -was-nof much fighting in Luxemburg", ' and the invasion of the Duchy is important only : in that it constituted a second breach of faith1 on the part of Germany, which had guaranteed Luxemburg's neutrality as it did that ot Bel-": gium. It is true that the German Imperial' Chancellor assured Luxemburg that 'the- German military operations in that ter ritory -were," not intended as hostile acts; that they were simply precautionary meas-,. ures adopted to protect the working ,'of.V the railway, connection with the German : Bystem against a p'osslble French attack. He/ also/promised an indemnity for any damage/ done.'/fhe actual fact, of course, was_ thajf since'' it happened to suit Germany to cross Luxem- burg territory she'erossed it, treaty/obligations ' nqlw'itbs tariding.. The. French operations' in Al-;; sace-Lorrdiiie consisted of. little more' than :aP reconnaissance in force, changed to a" reti'rq-'5 ment'as.soon as it met with any very vigorous'-' resistance. At the same, time,' the preliminary':; successes obta lned, especially . in Alsace, heriTtv/ : | eried. .the. 'whole of' Franco arid encouraged .'ajl/ li Gerrilany's enemies.' .... . :j |'i Chapter IX. GERMAN ADVANCE INTO FRANCE. I.— FIRST BIG BATTLE. IF THE course of events in the early stages of the invasion of Belgium was to some extent confused and in certain directions unex pected. the aim of the Germans (always in a general way understood) became clear enough as the advance developed. The delay caused by Bel gium's fine resistance to invasion had given the Allied armies time to junction and make their dispositions, and before Germany could make her contemplated dash for Paris there was arrayed against her an army of sufficient strength to make her task far from easy. In the angle formed by the Sambre and the Mouse was a force against which the enemy's main energies had to be exerted. From Brussels the Germans had moved in three columns, two taking the line Xamur-Charleroi-Maubeuge, the other making northwards to Mechlin and masking Antwerp. Tbfr position at the end of the month may be tersely summarised by the following extracts from official commu niques issued in Paris:— On our right, after partial checks, we have taken the offensive, and the enemy is retreat ing before us. In the centre we have had alternate checks and successes, but a general battle is again in progress. On the left, by a series 01" circumstances which have gone in favor of the Germans and in spite of successful counter offensives, the Anglo-French forces have been obliged to give ground. In no dis trict have our armies, in spite of certain un- deniable checks, as yet been really impaired. The morale of our troops is still excellent, in spite of the considerable losses incurred, which reinforcements from the depots have made good. The Franco-British forces were originally directed towards the dis trict of Dinant, Charleroi, and Mous. Some partial checks were suffered, and the forcing of the Meuse by the Germans near Givet on our flank obliged our troops to fall back, the Germans continually trying to outflank us on the west. In these circumstances our British allies, attacked by superior numbers in the region of Le Cateau and Cambral, had to retire towards the soutli at the moment when our troops were operating. in the region of Avesnes . and Ctiioiay. The retreating movement con tinued during the following days. However, a general battle took place on August 29. This battle was marked by an important success on our right, where we threw back the Prussiah Guard and the 10th Corps on to the Olse. "The forces, which at tho beginning of the operations had taken the offensive in the Vosges and in Lorraine, and repulsed tho enemy beyond our frontiers, afterwards suffered se rious checks before Saarburg and In the region of Morhange, where they were thrown against defensive organisations of a very solid charac ter. These forces had to retreat in order to reform, some on the Grande Couronne de Nancy and others in the French Vosges. The Germans then took the offensive, but after having re pulsed the enemy's attacks on the positions to which we had withdrawn our troops again re sumed the attack, which has continued to be pressed, although slowly. In fact, it Is a verit- able siege war which is being waged in this region. On each side every position occupied is at once strengthened, and this explains the slowness of our adva'nee, which. nevertheless, is characterised each day by new local suc cesses. Since the beginning of the campaign the region of Nancy and Southern Woevra, which is bounded on the German side by the fortress of Metz and on the French side by the fortresses of Toul and Verdun, has been the scene of no important operation. "As to the position in the direction of the Meuse between Verdun and Mezieres it will be remembered that the French forces originally took the offensive towards Longwy, Neuf- chateau, and Paiiseul. The troops operating in the region of Spincourt and Longuyon have checked the enemy— the army of the Crown Prince. In the neighborhood of Xeufchateau and Paiiseul, on the other hand," some of our troops have suffered partial checks, which have obliged them to base themselves upon the Meuse, without, however, impairing their gene ral position. During the last few days the enemy has been trying to cross tho Meuse In considerable numbers, but by a vigorous counter- offensive they have been thrown back on the river v.ith very heavy losses. Neverthe less, fresh German forces have advanced by ltocroy, marching towards Rethei. "At present a general action- is taking place in the district between the Meuse and Rethei." The behaviour of the British on the left of the Allies' line was magnificent. Though at tacked by a superior force, they resisted the onslaught with characteristic coolness. The French advanced to the attack, apparently with the idea of breaking the German line at Char leroi. and were received with a murderous fire. The -riposte was doomed to failure. The wisdom of attempting it is a matter for strate gists to decide in the calmer view which the perspective of time will give. Along the line. Mons-Charleroi-Namur, a general action de veloped. There was sanguinary fighting at Luttre (a village a few miles north-west of Charleroi and about 10 miles due south of tho field of Waterloo) and a big battle was soon raging along an extended' front. The Allies, about half a million strong, occupied a tri angular position, the apex being near Namur. one side running to Charleroi and Mons, and .the other to Givet. nearly due south of Na mur, the base passing westward through Philip- ville. It was a stroug position, and the Ger mans found it necessary to withdraw their, troops from Northern Belgium and throw all their strength against the Allies. , The enemy's headquarters were removed from Brussels, and there was left there only such force as was needed to guard the city and its approaches. The fighting along_ the line of the Sambre from Charleroi to Namur was fierce. The Germans, hurling forward their'coneentrated forces, care less of losses, bore down the French by weight of numbers. The first big battle had begun, and even If only its first days are weighed against past standards it must rank as one of the greatest in history. Indeed, it was early manifest that this was to he a campaign of battles compared with which the famous en gagements of old were in many respects mere skirmishes. It was in this onslaught that tho enemy passed through Namur, taking two of its forts that commanded a bridge over the river, and compelling the Allies to fall back to their original position along the French frontier. The British force at Mons was ne cessarily Involved in the retirement, but tributes to its steadiness and dogged resist ance against superior numbers came from all sides. The official report sent to the British authorities by Sir John French showed that tho difficult operation of withdrawing to a new position in face of great odds had been carried but successfully, that the troops were unshaken by the hard pressure to which they 3- been subjected during their retirement. '—eJ that all were in the best of spirits. Their losses had been heavy — somewhere about 2000 — hut they were old soldiers, disciplined thoroughly, and seasoned by active service, and their morale was magnificent. So manifest had this ; been that Lord Kitchener was moved to telegraph to Sir John French; "Congratulate the troops on their splendid work. We are all proud of them." II.— BRITAIN'S WONDERFUL ARMY. rPHIS British Expeditionary Force, whose mo- bilisatiou and despatch had been conducted with such remarkable precision and success, had had some remarkable experiences, and was to have more. It had stolen out of Britain with phantom- like silence and absence of fuss, and there were probably many people in England who did not know that the men had embarked till they read in the morning papers of August IS the following notice that had been Issued the previous evening by the Official l'ress Bureau: — The Expeditionary Force, as detailed for service, has been safely landed on French soil. The embarkation, transportation, and disembarkation of men and stores were alike cariied through with the greatest pos sible precision and without a single casualty. The nation at large had known only so much as it could gather from scraps of gossip which had filtered through from the foreign press. From its own newspapers and Government it had learned nothing; and, as one writer has put it. "patiently, gladly, it maintained of its own accord the conspiracy "of silence." To every soldier in the force Lord Kitchener Is sued the following instructions, which the men wore told to keep in their active service pay- books: — You are ordered abroad as a soldier of the King to help our French comrades against the invasion of a common enemy. You have to perform a task which will need your courage, your energy, your patience. Remember that the honor of the British Array depends on your indi- ' vidual conduct. | It will be your duty not only to set an j example of discipline and perfect steadi- 1 uess under fire, hut also to maintain the most friendly relations with those whom you are helping in this struggle. The I operations in which you are engaged will, j for the most part, take place In a frieudly j country, and you can do your own country no better service than in showing yourself . in France and Belgium in the true charac ter of a British soldier. j Be invariably courteous, considerate, and i kind. Never do anything likely to injure or destroy property, and always look upon looting as a disgraceful act. You are sure to meet with a welcome and to be trusted: _ your conduct must justify that welcome and that trust. Your duty cannot be done unless your health is sound. So keep constantly on your guard against any excesses. In this new experience you may find temptations both in wine and women. You must en tirely resist both temptations, and, while treating all women with perfect courlesy, you should avoid any intimacy. Do your .duty bravely, Fear God. Honor the King. 1 _ KITCHENER, Field-Marshal. There was no doubt about the cordiality of France's, reception of the army — perhapb man for man the finest army Britain had ever. sent across the sea. They arrived in Boulogne on August 13, and on Friday encamped In the hills above the town. Their line bearing, their look- of muscular fitness, and their cheery, jovial air ' won the hearts of the people of Boulogne,, and for the soldiers it wa3 a time of flowers and admiration. But that was soon over. There was grim work ahead, and very soon the British had to bear their share of It. The infantry kit was heavy — 561b. their packs weighed — and on the march to Mons many were thrown away. Immediately the men reached the town they were' given the order to load their rifles, and when they reached the hill beyond they were under fire from artillery. Many of them were in action before they knew where they were. The earlier arrivals bad time to entrench.'but others were too late, and no sooner had they set to work with picks to make a trench than the German shells began to burst around them. They tried new' positions with the same result, and. as one expressed it. they were lighting all that long afternoon from 2 p.m. for liberty to use pick and shovel. The English artillery was magnificent, but there was not enough or it. The German losses were far greater than the British, but so also were their numbers. AH Sunday (August 23) the English held their ground at Mons. On Monday morning came the order to retire. It was of this battle at Mons that most was heard at this side of the world, but there was another equally fierce and, for our own equally glorious, encounter at Toumal. further to tte north-west, and near the French frontier, almost due east of Lille. Here, It ' seems pretty clear, the British suffered owing to a serious misunderstanding. Early on Wed nesday, August 20, the British took up a posi tion S.S.W. of the town with 22 pieces of field artillery, two heavy garrison guns, and about 700 men. By 11 o'clock an artillery duel bad begun, and it was kept up till 2.30, the enemy being situated north-west of Tournai. The British had been led to expect the arrival of a Frency army corps, and for this they waited doggedly in a storm of shrapnel. But the promised support did not come. The little British force was overwhelmed by numbers. Gradually German cavalry gathered in the town, and at "length they burst forth and spread round the British flanks. It was a stinging welcome that met them, but they were too many, and the end was Inevitable. Three hun dred' of our men fought their way out. and escaped by the Cambrai road. South of Tournsl, at Guignles, there was another battle. This time there were 30C0 British. They had just bivou acked after a long, gruelling, forced march, when— at about 6 in the morning— machine guns opened on them at short range; The British response .was as splendid" as ever; but the trenches were soon untenable. In an hour .and a half many lives had been ended, and the loss In EritislRofflcers.was particularly severe. -But our men gave a very thorough .account- of, themselves, and' retired in: good.order. Britain. ' very early in the campaign was paying dearly . with the lives of some of her finest men for her participation in the war. But the effect of her . sacrifice and the stimulation given to the Allies by. the magnificent, behaviour of .the British troop3 were quickly apparent. How the Ger man wave, of . invasion might have swept on If France had been left to her own resources at " this time, one can "but guess. .But It Is certain that some of the most terrific blows of the - enemy's attack fell upon the English, and it is equally sure .that no troops In the . world could have withstood them with more stubborn cour age or responded to them with more telling zest,'. It-Is. perhaps not too much to say that our Allies,; and doubtless '. the enemy also, were amazed at- the coolness and fighting capacity of our men. They. came, to accept it as a matter of course nfterwards. and there Is no doubt- that ' a- stiffening influence spread throughout : the allied armies in consequence. .General Joff re. the French Commanderrln-Chief, was quick to express to Sir John French, jn the. following message. "France's deCp-sense of gratitude: — ."The"; British Army "did not hesitate" to > throw' its 'whole strength "against threes which had a great numerical superiority. In so doing It contributed In the most effecr tlve ma'nner to" "setu'rtng the left flank of the French Army." It 'ezhiBlted in this: task a devotion, energy,-' and perseverance- to which I must now pay my tribute— quali- " ties' which win he shown again to-morrow. \- and make- certain the triumph of our com- . mon cause. .The French Army will never ... forget the service rendered It. That army " la -inspired' with -the- same spirit of self- \- sacrifice and determination to . conquer which' animates the British forces, and will . make good to It its debt of gratitude in the . \- . battles in the near future. III.— GENERAL FRENCH'S REPORT. rrtHE exploits of the Expeditionary Force will stand out in years to come as one of the grandest chapters In British history, and one of the shining pages in the record will be that which contains the despatch sent by General Sir John French. Field-Marshal. Commander- in-Chief of the British Forces In the Field, to the Secretary of State for War, Field- Marshal Lord Kitchener. This calmly dispassionate yet terribly thrilling story is here given In ' full:— September 7, 1311. My Lord, I have the honor to report the proceed ings of the Field Force under my com mand up to the time of rendering this de spatch. . 1; Tho transport of the troops from Eng land both by sea and by rail was effected in the best order and without a check. Each unit arrived at its destination in this country well within the scheduled time. The concentration was practically com plete on the evening of Friday, the 21st ult., and I was able to make dispositions to move the force during Saturday, the 22nd, to positions I considered most favorable from which to commence operations which the French Commandar-In-Chlef. General Jolfro, requested me to undertake in pur suance of his plans in prosecution of the campaign. The line taken up extended along the line of the canal from Condc on the west.' through Mons and Binche on the cast. This line wns taken up as follows; — From Conde to Mons Inclusive was as signed to the Second Corps, and to the right of the Second Corps from Mons tho First Corps was posted. The uth Cavalry Brigade was placed at Binche. In the absence of my Third Army Corps „ I desired to keep the Cavalry Division as much as possible as a reserve to act on my outer flank, or move In support of any threatened part of the line. The forward reconnaissance was entrusted to Brigadier- General Sir Philip Chetwode with the Sth Cavalry . Brigade, but I directed General Allenby to send forward a few squadrons to assist in this work. During the 22nd and 23rd these advanced them penetrating as far as Soignies, and several encounters took place in which our troops showed to great advantage. 2\. At C a.m.on August 23 I assembled the commanders of the First and Second Corps and Cavalry Division at a point close to the- position, and explained the general situation of the Allies, and what 1 under stood to be General Jolfre's plan. I dis cussed with them at some length the im- «r mediate situation in front of us. From information X received from French headquarters I understood that little more than one, or at most two, of the enemy's Army Corps, with perhaps one Cavalry Di vision, were In front of my position; and I was aware - of no attempted outflanking movement by the er.emy. I was confirmed in this opinion by the fact that my patrols encountered no undue opposition in their, reconnoitring operations. The observation of my aeroplanes seemed also to bear out this estimate. About 3 p.m. on Sunday, the 23rd, reports began coming in to the effect that -the enemy was commencing an attack on the . Mons line, apparently in some strength, but that the right of the position" from Mons an.Bra> was beinS particularly threatened. The Commander of the First Corps had pushed his flank back to some high ground south of Bray, and the 5th Cavalry Brigade evacuated Binche, moving slightly south; the enemy thereupon occupied Binche. r'ght of the 3rd Division, under General Hamilton, was et Mons, which formed a somewhat dangerous salient, and I directed the Commander of the Second Corps to he careful not to keep the troops oa this salient too long; but, if threatened seriously, to draw back the centre behind Mons. This was done before dark. In tha meantime, about 5 p.m., I received a most unexpected message from General Joffre by telegraph, telling me that at least three German Corps— namely, a reserve corps, the 4th Corps, and the Dth Corps, were moving on my position in front, and that the Second Corps was engaged in a turning movement from the direction of Tournay, ;He also informed me that the two reserve French divisions and the 5th French Army on my right were retiring, the Germans having on the previous day gained . posses sion of the passages of th« Sambre between Cnarlerol and Kamur, . 3. In view of the possibility of my being driven from the Mons position, 1 had pre viously ordered a position in rear to be re connoitred. This position rested on the fortress of Maubeuge on the right and ex tended west to Jcnlain.'Eouth-east of Valen ciennes, on the left. The position was re ported difficult to hold, because standing .crops and buildings made the siting of trenches very difficult and limited the field of Are in many Important localities. It nevertheless afforded a few good artillery positions. When the news of the retirement of the French and the heavy German threatening on my front reached me, I endeavored to- confirm it by aeroplane reconnaissance; and as a result of this I determined to effect a retirement to the Maubeuge position at day break on the 24th. A certain amount of fighting continued along the whole line throughout the night, and at daybreak on the 24th the 2nd Divi- -slon from the neighborhood of Hannlgnies made a powerful demonstration as if to re take BInchc. This was supported by the artillery of both the. 1st and 2nd Divisions, whilst' the l6t Division took up a support ing position in the neighborhood of Peis-. sant. Undc-r cover of this demonstration the Second Corps retired on the Dour-Qua- ronhlo-Dameries. The 3rd Division on the right of the corps suffered considerable loss in tills operation from the enemy, who had retaken Mons. The Second Corps halted on this line; where tiicy partially entrenched. themselves, enabling Sir Douglas Haig with the First , Corps gradually to withdraw to the new position; and he effected this without much - further loss, reaching the line Bavai-Mau- beuge about 7 p.m. Towards midday the enemy appeared to he directing his. principal effort against our left. I had previously ordered General. Allcnby with the cavalry to act vigorously in ad vance of my left front and endeavor to take the pressure off. About 7.30 a.m.- General Allenby received a message from Sir Charles Fergusson, com manding 5th Division saying that he was very hard pressed and in urgent need of support. On receipt of this message Gene ral Allcnby drew In the- cavalry and en- . deavored to bring direct support to the 5th Division. During the course of this operation \- General De Lisle,, of the 2nd Cavalry' Brigade, thought he saw a good opportunity - to paralyse the farther advance of the enemy's Infantry by making a mounted attack on bis' flank. He formed up and advanced-, for this purpose, but was held up by wire about 500 yards from his objective, and the 9lh Lancers and ISth Hussars suffered severely in the retire ment of the Brigade. The 19th Infantry Brigade, which had been guarding the line of communications, was brought up by rail to Valenciennes on the 22nd and 23rd. On the morning, of the 24th they were moved out to a position south of Quaroublc to support the left flank of the Second Corp3. With the assistance of the cavalry Sir Horace Smith-Dorricn was enabled to effect his retreat to a new position; although, having two corps of the enemy on his front and one threatening his flank, be suffered great losses In doing so. At nightfall the position was occupied by the Second Corps to 'the west of.Baval, the First Corps to the right. The right was protected by the Fortress of Maubeuge, the left by the 19th Brigade in position between ' Jcnlain and Bry, and the . cavalry on tho outer flank. 4\. The French were still retiring, and I had no' support except such as was afforded by the Fortress of Maubeuge; and the de termined attempts of the enemy to get Tound my left flank assured me that' it was his intention to hem' me against that place and surround me. I felt that not a moment must be lost in retiring to another position. .1 had every reason to believe that tho enemy's forces were somewhat exhausted; and I knew that they had suffered heavy losses. I hoped, therefore, that his pursuit would not bo too vigorous to prevent me effecting my object. The operation, however, was full of danger and difficulty, not only owing to tho very superior force In my front, but also to the exhaustion of the troops. Tho retirement was recommenced In tlio early morning of the 25tli to a position in , the neighborhood of Le Catcau, and rear guards were ordered to be clear of the Mau- -bcugc-Baval-Eth Road by 5.39 n.tn. Two Cavalry Brigades, with the Divisional \- Cavalry of the Second Corps, covered tho movement of the Second Corps. Tbe re mainder of the Cavalry Division, with the lSih Brigade, the whole under the command of General Allenby, covered tbe west flank. The 4th Division commenced its detain ment at Le Cateau on Sunday, the 23rd, and by the morning of the 25th eleven battalions and a Brigade of Artillery with Divisional Staff were available for service. I ordered General Snow to move out .to -take up a position with his right south of Solesmes, his left resting on the Camhral- Le Catcau Road south of La Chaprie. In this position the division rendered great help to the effective retirement of the Sec ond and First Corps to the new position. Although the troops had been ordered to occupy the Cambral-Le-Cateau- Landrecies position, and the ground had, during the 25th, been partially prepared and en trenched, I had grave doubts — owing to the information I received, as to, the accumu lating strength of the enemy against me— OB to the wisdom of standing there to flght. Having regard to the continued retire ment of the French on my right, my ex posed left flank, the tendency of the enemy's western corps (II.) to envelop me, and, more than all, the exhausted condition of the troops, 1 determined to make a great effort to continue the retreat till I could put somo substantial obstacle, such as the Somme or the Oise, between my troops and the enemy, and afford tho former some opportunity .of rest and reorganisation. Orders were, therefore, sent to the corps commanders to ' continue their retreat as soon as they pos sibly could towards the general line Ver- mand-St. Quentin-Ribemont. Tho cavalry, under General Allenby, were ordered to cover the retirement. Throughout the 25th, and for into the evening the First Corps continued its march on Landrecies, following the road along the eastern border of the Foret do Mormal, and arrived at Landrecies about 10 o'clock. X had intended that the corps should come furLher west, so as to fill up the gap be tween Le Cateau and Landrecies, but the men were exhausted and could not get fur ther in without rest. " ' "The enemy, however, would not allow them this rest, and about 9.30 p.m.. a report was received that the 4th Guards Brigade in ' Landrecies was, heavily attacked by troops of the 9tli German Army Corps, who were coming through the forest on the north of the town. This brigade fought most ga!lant!'y and caused the enemy to suffer tremendous loss in issuing from tho forest into the narrow streets, of- the town. This loss has been estimated from reliable sources at. from 709 to 1000. At the same time information reached me from Sir Douglas Haig that his 1st Division was , also heaviiy engaged south and east of Maroilles. I sent urgent messages to the commander of the two French Reserve Di visions on my right to come up to the assistance of the First Corps, which they- eventually did. Partly owing to this assist ance, but mainly to the skilful manner In which Sir Douglas Haig extricated his corps from an exceptionally difficult posi tion in the darkness of the night, they were able at dawn to resume their march. south towards Wasslgny on Guise. By about 6 p.m. the' Second Corps had got Into position with their right on Le Cateau, their left in the neighborhood of Caudry, and the line of defence was continued thence by the 4th Division towards Seran- villers, the left being thrown back. During the fighting on the 24th and -25th the cavalry became a good deal scattered, . but by the early morning of the 26th Gcne- . ral Allcnby bad succeeded in concentrating two brigades to the south qf Cainbrai. The 4th Division was placed under the orders of the general officer commanding the Second Army Corps. On the 24th the French Cavalry Corps, consisting of three divisions, under General Sordet, had been in billets north of Aves- nes. On my way -back from- Bavai, which was my "poste de coramandement" daring - the fighting of the 23rd ana -24th, X visited General Sordet, and earnestly requested his co-operation and support. He promised to obtain sanction - from his army commander to! net on my left flank, but said that, his horses .were too: tired to move' before the next day. Although he rendered me valu able assistance later on in the course of the retirement, he was unable for the' rea sons given to afford me any support on the ; most critical day of all, viz., the 26th. At daybreak It became -apparent thai the enemy was throwing the bulk of his strength against the left of the position, occupied by the Second 'Corps and tne 4th Division. . . At this time the guns of four Gorman Army Corps were in position against them, and Sir Horace Smitli-Dorrien reported'"to me that he judged it impossible to continue liis retirement at daybreak (as ordered) in face of such an attack. I sent him orders to use his utmost en deavors to break off tho action and retire at the earliest possible moment, as it was impossible for me to send him any support, .'. the First Corps being at the moment In capable of movement. The French Cavalry Corps, under General Sordet, was coming up on our left rear \- early in the morning, and I sent an- urgent \- message to him to do his utmost to . come up and support the retirement of my left flank; but owing to the, fatigue of!, his horses he found himself unable to intervene in any way. There had been no time to entrench tho position properly, hut -the troops showed a magnificent front to the terrible fire which confronted them. . The artillery, although outnumbered by at least four to one, made a splendid fight, and inflicted heavy losses on their oppo nents. "" At length it became apparent, that, if complete annihilation was to be avoided, a retirement must be attempted; and the order was given to commence it about 3.30 p.m. The movement was covered with the mOBt devoted intrepidity and determination by the artillery, which had itself suffered heavily, and the .flue work done by tho cavalry in further retreat from the position assisted materially in the final completion of this most difficult and dangerous opera tion. Fortunately the enemy had himself suf fered too heavily to engage in an energetic pursuit I cannot close tbe brief account of this glorious stand or the British troops with out putting on record my deep appreciation . of the valuable services rendered by Gene ral Sir Horace Smith-Dorrien. I say without hesitation that the saving of the loft wing of the army under my com mand on the morning of August 20 could never .hove been accomplished unless a'commandcr of rare and unusual coolness, Intrepidity, and determination had been present to per sonally conduct the operation. The retreat was continued far into tho night of the 26th and through the 27th and 2Sth, on which date the troops halted on the line Noyon-Cbauny-La Fere, having then thrown off the weight of the enemy's pur suit. On the 27th and 28th I was much in debted to General Sordet and the French cavalry division which he commands for materially assisting my retirement, and successfully, driving back some of the enemy on Cambrai. General D'Amade also, with the 61st and 62nd French Reserve Divisions, moved down from the neighborhood of Arras on the enemy's right flank, and took much pressure off the rear of the British forces. This closes the period covering the heavy . fighting which commenced at Mons on Sun day afternoon, -August 23, and which really constituted a four days' battle. At this point, therefore, I propose to close the present despatch. I deeply deplore the very serious losses which the British forces have suffered in this great battle; but they were inevitable in view of the fact that the British army — only two days after a concentration by rail — was called upon to withstand a vigorous attack of five German army corps. It is impossible for me to. speak too highly of the skill evinced by the two general offi cers. commanding army corps; the self- sacrificing and devoted exertions of their staffs; the direction of the troops by divi sional, brigade, and regimental leaders; the command of the smaller units by their offi cers; and the magnificent fighting spirit dis played by non-commissioned officers and men. - I wish particularly to bring to your Lord ship's notice the admirable work done by the Royal Flying Corps under Sir David Henderson. Their skill, energy, and per- . severance have been beyond all praise. They have furnished me -with the most complete and accurate information, which has been . of incalculable value in the conduct of the operations. Fired at constantly both by friend and. foe, and not hesitating to fly in every kind of, weather, they have remained . undaunted throughout. Further, by actually fighting in tbe air, they have succeeded in destroying five of the enemy's machines. I wish to acknowledge with deep grati- .tude the incalculable assistance I received from the general and personal - staffs at headquarters during this trying period. Lieutenant-General Sir Archibald Murray, chief of the general staff; Major- General Wilson, sub-chief of the general staff; and all under them have worked day and night unceasingly, with the utmost skill, self- \- sacrifice,' and devotion; and the same ac knowledgment is due by me to Brigadier- General Hon. W. Lambton, my military sec retary, and the personal staff. In such operations as I have described, the work of the Quartermaster-General is of an extremely onerous nature. Major- General Sir William Robertson has met what appeared to be almost insuperable difficulties with his characteristic energy, skill, and determination, and it is largely owing to his exertions that the hardships aDd sufferings of the troops — inseparable from such operations— were not much greater. Major-General Sir Nevil Macreafly, the. Adjutant-General, . has also been confronted with most onerous and difficult tasks In con nection with disciplinary arrangements and the preparation of casualty lists. He has been indefatigable in his exertions to meet the difficult situations which arose. -I have not yet been able to complete the list of officers whose names I desire to" bring to your lordship's notice for services ren dered during the period under review; and, a s I understand it is of importance that this despatch should no longer be delayed, I propose to forward this list, separately, as soon as I can. I have the honor to be. Tour Lordship's most. obedient Servant, (Signed) J. D. P. FRENCH, Field-Marshal, \- Commander-in- Chief, British Forces in the Field. It was in making his first speech In the House of Lords as Secretary for War that Lord Kit chener announced the sending of his message of commendation to General French, and he took " the opportunity on the same occasion to de monstrate the necessity that Great Britain and the Dominions should equip and train a con stantly-increasing supply of men. These might have a decisive influence In the- closing stages - of a long-drawn-out war. "The Empires' with whom we are at war," he said, "have called to the colors almost their entire male popu lation. -The principle we on our part' shall ob serve is this— that while their maximum force undergoes a constant diminution, reinforce ments shall steadily and increasingly flow out until we have an army In the field which in numbers no less than in quality, will not be unworthy of the powers and responsibilities of tho British Empire." The Secretary for « ar concluded with the statement that in the next six or seven months Great Britain might he in a position to maintain continually in the field a total of 30 divisions, over half a million . men. IV.— THREATS UNFULFILLED. TT SHOULD be explained here that it had be- . . cm« evident that the Germans had - \- aimed at delivering on the Mons- Charleroi line a sledge-hammer blow in the hope of break ing through the Allies and dashing on with great speed to Paris. . Roughly, the whole line of their advance ran parallel with the Sambre, and stretched away down to Luxemburg and beyond. It seems to have been calculated that, after Germany had begun to smash France, Paris would be reached in six or eight -weeks! iUid, remembering the events of the War of lpO, and miscalculating several potent factors, they expected short resistance from the capital. After that, of course, there would he Russia, but Russia was not considered a very serious problem. Then would come tho -task of subjugating England. That was admit ted to be a bigger job; but it was believed that by the time it was entered upon much useful coastline would be in German hands, and meanwhile shipbuilders and armament manu facturers worked at high pressure. But these anticipations, like the threatened tremendous thing that, people were told to expect on the anniversary of Sedan, -did not even begin to be fulfilled. In that earlier war, between the first battle on the frontier and the fall of. Sedan, there had been 29 days. Twenty-nine days after Liege in this war there lay between the Germans and Paris an allied army of about a million men; and though that army had been pressed back temporarily it had not been broken. Behind it were reserves half as numerous again, not counting about a million and a quarter Territorials. Paris, too, was garrisoned and prepared for defence as it had not been in 1870. These facts urged out with timely emphasis by Lord Sydenham in the be ginning of September, when the Germans were still coming on, and a good deal of boastful- ness was emanating from Berlin. The Ger mans, Lord Sydenham pointed out, had not won a single decisive victory such as those ol Weissenburg, Worth, Shieheren, or Sedan; their losses had been heavy, and their supply difficul ties great. Lord Sydenham's claim that there seemed,- therefore, to be "justification for hope and encouragement" was certainly not immo derate. Though the great wave of the enemy's attack along the Sambre had caused a retire ment, the -wave itself did not sweep on as had been hoped. Meanwhile the Belgians,' who had concentrated at Antwerp, made a sortie, took by surprise, the Germans who remained in Northern Belgium, and got as far as Mechlin, between Antwerp and Brussels, but the town was retaken by the enemy later. The Germans could not afford at this time to devote serious attention to the northern city, however; they continued to press forward against theAllies. In Paris at this time there was a feeling of disappointment, for it had been hoped that the oncoming armies of the enemy might have been stayed at the Sambre. It was now realised that this was not to be. Ac tually bombs (they did small damage) were dropped from aeroplanes into Paris. But the people of the capital were not. dismayed. Every where there was hope and confidence, and . everywhere a manifest spirit of gratefnluess for the aid lent by, Britain, whose seasoned troops, they said, had resisted the outnumber ing Germans with the same dogged obstinacy and coolness as bad been displayed by those other soldiers of England on tbe field of Water loo, not far away from Mons. For the most part, the French people displayed a fine spirit of fortitude, which, as events proved, was to be sorely tried in time to come. Before many days had passed after the first frontier battle the Allies' front had fallen back to the line of Le Chateau-Cambrai from the line Lille-Maubeuge, and by the end of tbe month Paris was preparing for a siege. About this time the most rigid censorship of news was being exercised in England, where, though there was no great public apprehension as to the trend of events, there were indica tions of fretfulness at being kept so much in the dark, and it was even suggested by "The Times," in making some comments on the action of the authorities, that this policy was having an ill-effcct upon British recruiting. Vi— A TACTICAL RETREAT. j A ITER the British had, as has been shown, successfully protected the left flank of the allied armies from a vast turning movement, supported by enormous forces, the French cama into operation on their left and right and re lieved the strain on the English general's sorely tried men. Near Guise on August 29 the French gained a sharp success over the Ger mans; hut, in spite of this, it was tactically necessary that the general retirement should continue, the Germans all the while remaining in almost continuous contact with the Allies' rearguard. A vigorous effort by the enemy on September 1 precipitated another sharp action near Compiegne; but here again It was tha seasoned soldiers of England with whom they had to deal, and, as the despatch naively puts it, the result, for the time being at any rate, was "entirely satisfactory to the British." In this action the brunt of the attack fell upon the Guards Bridgade, and they, lost 300 killed and wounded, but the "enemy . had cause to remember the encounter. .Their casualties were enormous, and they lost ten guns. For the few days following this brisk engagement, tbe . British troops were. not molested, and advan tage was taken of tbe respite to fill gaps in the . ranks from drafts oL19,000 men that had come forward, and to consolidate the various units. . During the whole of this .period the English casualties had amounted to about 15,000. But . these, it was estimated, did not amount to one- third of the losses they had inflicted on the enemy, and the spirit of our troops was in no way daunted. It was realised that sacrifices had been demanded, and that they had notbeen cut of proportion to the military achievements of the force. There was some reason for .be lieving! too, that our men were establishing a sort of personal ascendancy over" the .Germans, and were conscious of the fact that, with any thing like even numbers, the result would not he doubtful. The shooting of the German in- fantry, it, was officially stated, was poor; while the British rifle fire had devastated every . column of attack. The superior training and intelligence of the British had enabled them to use open formations . with effect and thus to cope with the vast numbers employed by the ' enemy- The cavalry, too, had definitely estab lished their superiority. - Meantime the complexion of affairs in North- era Belgium had changed. At Ostend, which hpd been threatened, a British fleet had called, and a strong force of marines had been landed to .protect the town against Uhlan raids. Tha town councillors had at first refused this aid, but a skirmish with some marauding German horsemen had caused them to change , their minds. Nothing worse than such encounters was there cause at .this time to fear, for the enemy, as has been said, had withdrawn most of their northern troops for the; purposes of the attack on France, so that for the time being Antwerp and the other northern Belgian towns were safe. By adopting this policy the Ger mans took some risk, lor they were leaving but scantily guarded something like 100 miles of communications through a hostile country. But it seems pretty clear that they relied on their methods to keep the way open. There is not much doubt that the dreadful severity of the German treatment of the Belgian people was due not so much to the wanton, license of the soldiers as to a deliberate intention to sow terror In the path of the advancing army, and. cow the people of the violated territory. There was no time to spare; there were no men to waste; all, including the innocent Belgians, must he sacrificed to the one great purpose — an overwhelming rush on Paris. At the eastern ends of the line fighting had been going ' on, and though the extreme French right was held ... to have fallen back too quickly, there had been 'an offensive movement between Nancy and the Vdsges, and the Germaus had sustained con- , siderable losses. Three days of bloody bat,tl:a : near Vise appeared to have ended in France's favor. " The Germans had also retreated from - Woevre, In the north-east, though Longwy, near the Luxemburg border,-,fell after 24 days' bom- . bardment. But it was in the west that tjie greatest efforts continued to be made. The Rus sians were now reported to he making great headway through East Prussia, tojvards Ber lin. For the Germans to Paris it was a race against .time; the. work of the Allies was to cause delay. And so they continued their tac tical retreat, not by any means flying before the foe; but working "gradually back upon their, supports, occupying positions of their own" choosing, and taking heavy toll of the enemy, for every step that was yielded to them. The heaviest pressure, as !'has been said, was ex-" erted on the Allies' left wing, and this had the effect of producing a sort of slewing movement, so that in general bearing the whole battle line became, more east and west. After the short, breaking space in the first days of September, there were Indications that the Ger mans were endeavoring to force a wedge be tween the Allies' left wing and the coast, and a new French army was formed to meet this and take the offensive against the enemy. TI.— PARIS PREPARES. NOW there had begun to be an exodus of people from Paris. At first difficulties were - put in the way of those who desired to leave the capital; hut the authorities soon recognised that it was probably well that people who desired to do so should leave, because this would relieve the strain on the food supplies, which must be come a grave problem in the event of the investment of the city. The main rush was to Bordeaux, which had the advantage of dis tance from the threatened zones, and offered a practical line of retreat by water. Another way out was by river to Rouen and Havre, and by this route also a number of Parisians left. Many of these departing people were the rich, who could afford to , travel . as comfortably as money and the exigencies of the time made possible; but the exodus from the districts outside Paris was full of pathos. Along the country roads streamed seemingly endless pro cessions of village people — families with their household goods crowded into farm carls ; people on bicycles; men, women, and children on foot; here and there a mother pushing a perambu lator from which the heads of infants emerged above a miscellaneous 'cargo of food and other things. Yet the morale of the people in general was still good; their confidence in the ultimate result of the war was unshaken; there was no panic. Merely it was realised that the situa tion was serious. For some it meant only a little inconvenience; a little disturbance of the wonted course of thing3. For many it meant much more, especially for' those who lived in the country where the. guns were soon to boom. These people had to forsake the homes and surroundings that were dear to them, to aban don everything to the chances of war, knowing that when they went back (they believed they would go back), it might he to find only ruin and desolation.' But, through it all thc-y were as cheerful as might be. Naively copying the "Are we downhearted?" — of the British soldiers some of these people would say as they trudged along; "Est que nous avons Ie coeur brise? Non!" On September the French Minister foi war called- up all classes of reserves, and of the Territorial Army and ordered young men who jvould normally have joined the colors in Octo ber to present themselves immediately for their pericds of service.' It. was explained that the removal of the seat of Government to Bordeaux was not due to any fear of Paris being cut off from the rest of France. At that time (the beginning of September) it was not, as a mat ter of fact, generally believed that there was any immediate probability of Paris being in vested by the enemy. But it seemed clear that the entrenched camps outside the capital would become the pivot of military operations, and it was given out that the military activity caused by the clearing of this area for the operations of the troops rendered it impossible for the civil Government to remain and conduct its usual functions. Besides, it was held to be. essential that the civil power should he re- moved, in order to maintain the oalm and sang froid necessary for the conduct of public busi ness. In the north-west,, however, the com plexion of affairs was different. There the maelstrom was at work, and the terror was . very real and close. The point of the wedge which formed the German right was furiously forcing its way towards Paris, battering at the rear of the retreating French on a line through Creil, Senlis, and Crepy-en-Yalois. At noon on September 2 the concussion of the cannonade was breaking windows at Chantilly. Therefore the terror-stricken' flight.of the civil population was natural enough. Everywhere were to be met streams of refugees, many of whom did not know where they were going. It was there, at . their heels, the terrible war, and they realised only that they must -fly from it. As far south as Rouen the panic spread, in spite of all that the authorities could do to check it.- And so. the Germans came on. The Allies had been in retreat all the time; but it had 'been a retreat of a peculiarly effective sort; and for the pur suers (if pursuers they might be called) it had been an expensive business. The "rearguard actions" were in many cases battles of consid erable magnitude, and the slaughter was con tinuously heavy, particularly on the side of the enemy, who appear to have behaved with reck less disregard for life. It was certainly puzzling that Lille, La Fere, Laon, Reims, and other points of vantage should have fallen tn such rapid sequence; .but there are, about this war many mysteries which only time will clear up. VII.— THE TURN. J)URING the first week in September there came a change in the direction of the enemy's progress. Instead of continuing straight to Paris tliey turned to the east, leaving the city on their right as they reached the-Marne, gradually In the process evacuating the depart ment of the Somme.' The British . army was now south of the Marne and in line with the French forces on the right and left. The first German army was somewhere between La Ferte-sous-Jouarre and Essises Voffort. The Second Army, after taking Reims, had advanced to Chateau-Tierry, and to the eastward or that place. The Fourth Army was reported to be marching south on the west of the Argonne between Suippes and Ville sur Tonrbe. All these points the .Germans reached on September . 3. The Seventh Army had been repulsed ' by ' the French near D'Einville. It was suggested officially that this abandonment' by the enemy of the enveloping movement on the Anglo-; French left had happened cither because it was - no longer practicable to continue such a' great extension or because the alternative, of a direct ."attack upon the allied line was preferred. Whether this change of plan by the Gerlnans was voluntary or had been forced upon them by the strategic situation and the great strength of ; the, allied armies in their front, -remained to be seen. It was asserted elsewhere, how ever, that the enemy's intention was. to co operate with the German forces which had been holding'' their ground in Lorraine, so that a combined movement could be made from, the north and the east to envelop' the French Army. The Allies' cohesion must be broken. Paris could wait. While this movement was going on the troops of the advanced defences of Paris came into touch with the enemy in a small engagement which turned to the advan tage of the French. South of the . Marnc the Germans penetrated as far south as Coulom- miera before they were attacked. Then" the whole aspect of the situation in France began to change. Paris was no longer threatened: what had been the German advance was stopped and steadily converted into a German retreat. I Chapter X. DOINGS AT SEA- I.— BRITAIN'S NAVAL POWER. GERMAN eagerness for "Der Tag" was no | more enthusiastic or confident than i the desire of the British public, I after the outbreak of war, for the dawn ing of the day on which the British and German -fieets should meet in the North Sea. "It must come"; "We shall hear of a battle soon"; "They may be at it now," were the. sort of expressions heard everywhere in Australia, and probably throughout the Em pire during those early days of war, after the Fleet had steamed away from the English coast, into the fog of mystery that was to enshroud its movements for some time to come. Less, than -a month before the formal declaration of war- the Lords of the Admiralty Board decided to carry out an experiment that would test, the ar rangements for the manning of the ships of. the Home fleet. For this purpose, it was necessary that every available vessel in the fleet should be provided with a full crew and placed on a war footing. Doubtless there were those who thought the work a needless piece of extravagance- But it was very timely, and stimulating, as events proved. There are three Home fleets arranged in gradation of readiness for action. Of these, the first is al- . ways fuliy manned, and -always ready for sea. The second is not. It carries per- ' manentiy only sections of Its crews, the rest of them and of the active ser vice ratings being somewhere ashore in various training establishments. This fleet cruises at frequent intervals. In. the Third Fleet are the oldest of England's ships, and they carry hut the skeletons of crews. For the rest they, must depend to a large extent upon reservists. The experiment consisted In raising to full war . strength the crews of the Second Fleet, pro viding all its ships with active service, officers and men; and in placing the Third Fleet on a war footing with the assistance of men of Classes .A and B of the Royal Fleet Reserve. These, be it noted, are men who have served in the squadrons at sea, have done periodical trainings since they retired, and are in ail respects in touch with naval routine. It was a great undertaking; but, 'with remarkable pre cision, it was carried out. Altogether there were placed on. a war footing 193 ships, com prising 55 battleships, 4 battle-cruisers, £5 cruisers and scouts. 187 destroyers, 83 torpedo- _ boats, 59 submarines, 7 mine-layers; 13 mine- sweeping gunboats, and 20 auxiliaries, and the King reviewed them at Splthead. "The de monstration," said the cold record of the event, "was quite effective as a reflection of admin istrative efficiency." . And possibly It was not qnly the unemotional public of Great Britain and Ireland that noted the fact. Then the Lords of the Admiralty issued another notice — a day or two before the declaration of war between Britain and Germany. This time they called out the Reserves, including the trawler section, the Naval and Marine Pensioners un der the age of 55. years, and the Naval Volun teer Reserve. This meant in effect asking an other 200,000 officers ond men to step forward. And it has not been stated that the request was made in vain. About this time, too, certain warships that had been building for foreign Powers in the great construction yards of England changed the. names that had heen chosen for them and came under the British flag. Among these 'were the super-Dread noughts Agincourt and Erin. Originally the Agincourt was built for. the navy of Brazil, and they cailed her the Rio de Janeiro. . Some where about a year ago Brazil sold her to Tor-' key, and she was rechristcned "Sultan Osmnn L," after the famous Turk of that name. But Turkey had fallen behind in her payments to , the builders, and it had been no secret for a long time that the great vesel— she is the longest battleship in the world, and has a heavier displacement than any other British" ship in commission— would never fly the Turk ish flag. Under the supervision of. British officers, therefore, the' building' of this huge ship, and also of the Erin (shorter hut more heavily gunned) was carried on to suit the needs of the British navy. Besides, two de stroyers, which had been, ordered by the Chil ian . Government, were taken over and called the Faulkner and the Brooke, and some other kindred matters, were attended to. Altogether the navy was proved to be admirably ready to face trouble, , arid so the eagerness of the' public, knowing these things, for a meeting be tween the enemy and our ships, when thev passed under the popular supreme commands of Admiral Sir John Jelllcoe and began cruising In the North Sea, was pardonable. Forgivable' also were the rumors which soon began to float around. It was about July 30, some days before Britain and Germany clinched matters, that the ships went out; nobody knew where thev were, and consequently events might he ex pected to happen suddenly. Though, in spite of all the circumstantial- stories to the contrary, there had been ho naval battle, the fleet had not been idle. Within a fortnight of the declaration of war the Ad miralty was able to announce that all enemy ships had been driven from all seas, save for a few. stragglers - that were roaming about ' in various places and had become pariabs upon the ocean. Such rovers, of course, had their significance ; and, no doubt, they had orders to keep' moving, and do as much sporadic mis chief as possible, so as to breed a sense of 'in-- : security and uneasiness. Of such sort were the Goeben .and Breslau, and a few others, including some auxiliary German merchant vessels that managed to go to sea and become mine-layers and destroyers of peaceful trading ships. As . . to the main German -fleet it was' soon bottled up. There was shortly issued by the Admiralty a report stating that the enemy had been chased towards the coast of Holland, and, pre sumably, the ships had escaped by way of the Elbe and the Kiel Canal to Germany's Baltic harbors. Speaking -broadly, the sea was inline-- diately cleared of hostile ships, so that when the time came the British -Expeditionary Force - was able to- cross to the Continent without .'the slightest interference; British ships continued . to carry British trade to the seaports- of the world, and Germany's and Austria's - seaborne commerce had ceased to exist. " .. ' II.— GERMANY'S ALTERNATIVES. AND. if those who waited eagerly for news of a great naval engagement were disappointed, naval strategists, were not. True, Admiral Mahan, the. well-known -American authority on such matters, had said publicly that a battle might be expected at any moment; but he did - not necessarily mean, and it was not thought by experts that, he did mean, that he believed such a clash wo.uld immediately occur. Obvi ously the odds were with Britain in any. direct trial of naval strength, and even the eccentric zeal of the Kaiser was not likely to overcome the discretion of Grand Admiral von Tirpitz and his colleagues. It was generally recognised that Germany's only hope was to keep her main -fleet'safe in Kiel Harbor, and,' by the use of mines, submarines, and other means, endeavor gradually to weaken the opposing navy and disturb its morale. Then might come the great onslaught with better chance of success. Mean time the High Sea Fleet could afford protection to Austria in the Baltic and guard against the transport of Russian troops by that route. And that is precisely what Germany has done. It had been realised that only so long as the Ger man Fleet remained an effective weapon could it continue to exert an influence. So long as it remained intact and fit to go out and fight A battle, either in the North Sea or the Baltic, it was held, on the lines of Torrington's theory j of the "Fleet in Being," that 110 large military ; expedition could cross the intervening waters without great risk. This principle is generally held by experts to be sound, and the fact that the British force was able to go to France un molested may be accounted for in part by favor able geographical conditions and in part by the . remarkable promptness of Britain's action tak ing the enemy by surprise. But, as against this attitude an Germany's part of refusing to sacri fice an advantage for the sake of engaging in a battle by which she could see little to gain and had much to lose, there were other considera tions. With her sea-going commerce at a standstill Germany must face trade stagnation and shortage of food supplies, the natural consequence of which must be public dis content and Increasing popular demand for the speedy use of the bottled up navy. Some such possibility was anticipated in a hook pub lished in Berlin early in 1911 by Captain Prcs- inus. a retired German naval officer, who there by earned himself much disfavor. The ob ject of the work was to show the futility of a war with England. The hook opens with the capture of Kiao-chau by the British China squadron, and the sinking of the cruiser Scbarn- horst by a British submarine.. The strength of the British navy compels the German home fleet to remain in -Kiel Harbor, and the Ger mans have to content themselves . with sub marine attacks. " German trade is stagnant: food becomes scarce, and public opinion forces the fleet to fight. In the ensuing battle the German .ships are annihilated, and the British fleet is so damaged as to be unable to hold, the command of the sea, which consequently passer to ether Powers. The following figures give a fairly accurate idea of the relative naval strength at the be ginning of the war:— - — t .Hi iLiin. ' Frniv. 1 lins-i.i I Total. - Battle ships 6S| 26j - 13 105 Cruisers 1271 -. - 32| 14 173 Torp. Bt. Dest. etc. .1 1061 153| 25 284 Torpedo Boats, etc. 243 j £6j 97 426 Submarines 74' 54| 28 156 Total'..', 616 j 351 j. 177 1,144 Men 146,0301 64,5C0| 53.500-264,000 — al-nuanyl Austria. Total. Battleship's ..| 3Sj 151 33 CruistSs 611 14 75 Torp. Bt. Destroyers, etc. 801 60 .140 Torpedo Boats, etc. . 132| 18 . 150 Subnfarines 27| 6 33 Total 33sl : 113 451 Men ...... 74.000 19,000 93,000 The recall from cruises fn foreign parts of warships belonging to various European navies was a significant feature of the doings in the last, week in July. The German gunboat Eher, - for instance, a sistcr-ship to the Panther, which was sent to Agadir, in Morocco, during the summer of 1911, was undergoing . repairs at the Cape, and did not intend to leave till August 12, but, sailed hurriedly on July SO. Besides such vessels, the European Powers had a num ber of ships in China, and other places in which they have territory or interest to pro- ; tect, and a comparison of them, so far as their location could be ascertained at the out break of war, is interesting. Great Britain had altogether two battleships, 17 cruisers, 14 sloops and small craft, 11 destroyers, and five submarines on foreign stations, besides the Mediterranean, and excluding the five cruisers of the Fourth Cruiser Squadron which had been lately detached for duty in the West At lantic and Mexico, but.were then returning to Europe. There were in China, with head quarters at Hongkong, one battleship, four cruisers, sik small craft, eight destroyers, four torpedo-boats, and three submarines, in addi tion to river craft. In the East Indies, with headquarters at Colombo, were one battleship . and two cruisers, in addition to four small- craft, Whi eh were principally employed in the Persian Gulf; At the Cape, with headquarters at Simonstown, were three cruisers. The New; Zealand division, based on Auckland, consisted of three cruisers and a sloop. . Three sloops were stationed on the west '-coasts of Africa and America, and a cruiser on the east coast of South America. Lastly the Royal Australian Navy had a seagoing force composed of one battle and three light cruisers, three de stroyers, and two submarines. Allowing for the peace ships in this list of foreign squadrons, there remained a fair number of fighting vessels whose services it might be desirable to ob tain nearer home or to utilise in the neighbor hood of their headquarters as the case might, be. Germany had. approximately about one-third of the number of British ships serving abroad. -For some time she had had a . battle-cruiser, the Goeben, and two light cruisers In the Medi terranean. In China there were two armored and three light -cruisers, several gunboats, and two torpedo-boats, with their headquarters at Tsing-tao, in the province of Kiau-chau. Three light cruisers were serving in the Atlantic, and ' v.-ere shortly before t.he outbreak of hostilities off the Mexican coast. There were also some gunboats in African waters. An Austrian cruiser, the Kalserin Elisabeth, had arrives at -Tsing-tao to join the German .squadron there; under Vice-admiral Count von Spee. She had been on a detached cruise, for in ordinary cir- cums fauces. Austria-Hungary had fro . warships stationed in China. In fact, the only other Euro pean Power having naval- representation there ' was France, which had the cruisers Montcalm and Dupleix, and possibly some small craft also,, at Saigon. . \- Ill— MINE RAYING. TT was in mine laying and submarine raids that Germany early became active. -.Britain's first serious loss -at her hands was the sinking of the cruiser Amphion, near the English Channel. This was at first thought to be the work of a' submarine mine; but it was after wards discovered that the vessel had heen tor pedoed. It lias been stated as an official be lief that for<.several days before the actual .declaration oi war the German steamer Koiiigen Luise was engaged in laying mines off the' Eritish coast: It is certain that the very day after the declaration she was ' caught mine- laying near the mouth of the- Thames, and sunk. A few days later . the British steamer San Wilfrido (an .oil. tank) was -destroyed by a mine oh the River Elbe, off Cruxhaven, and the Craigforth also met disaster and" had to be' beached in the Bosphorus, Speedily it began to be stated" that the Germans were breaking \- - — the rulc3 of international taw in these matters and sowing contact mines indiscriminately all over the North Sea. It is true that many inno- ' cent lives were lest as the resuit-of their mine laying, and that by - reason of the disastrous effects of their use of this terrible form of naval warfare the enemy earned much public contumely. In 1S54 the commanders of the allied forces in the Baltic are said to have threatened with hanging anyone found guilty of mine laying, and even to-day the use of offensive mines (that is contact mines laid in an enemy's waters) is looked upon by many with horror. The German plan seems to have been to sow their mines almost anywhere where there seemed to be any hope of catching a British vessel— even in trade routes and the paths of neutral . ships. The British Admiralty found it necessary towards the end of August to warn " neutral Powers that Germany continued to lay mines in this fashion, and in contravention of the rules laid down by The Hague treaty. The Danish ships Maryland and Broberg, anfi two Dutch steamers, the Alice and the Houtdijk, for instance, were blown up in the Gulf of Finland by German mines, after clearing Swedish ports. The Admiralty was keeping the sea swept and carefully noting safe routes, and warned neu tral vessels to call at British ports before en tering the North "Sea. Up to that time, while reserving to herself the right to take the ut most retaliatory measures, Britain had not laid any mines. Later some mines were laid, but their positiou was carefully announced to all the world. But still the German- holocaust went on. And through it all German guile was manifest. While reports were" coming in day by day of disasters to peaceful traders in Bri tish , end neutral waters, this notice was pub lished in the German press: — German harbors are not closed to neutral shipping. There is nothing to prevent the merchantmen of neutral States from making our harbors. Up till the present, neither in the North Sea nor in the Baltic, as far as territorial waters are eoncerne'd, has a hos tile warship been seen which could en danger neutral commerce or make the coast unsafe. It is also emphatically denied, in spite of English reports to the contrary, that mines have heen scattered ahont in the open North Sea. It soon began to be evident that German ves sels. disguised as trawlers, or neutral traders ' — and even captured British trawlers— were. en gaged in the work of laying mines, and, as the outcome of their work, many peaceful fishing craft were destroyed, and many unoffending lives sacrificed. Mines were known to be drift ing off the coast of Denmark, and in other places, and almost daily reports of disasters far and near were received. Mines were also used in the Baltic and the Adriatic. Towards the end of August a Russian passenger ship was sunk, with considerable loss of life, and 3ome Austrian destroyers in September met a similar fate. Several British and French tor- pedocrs nere engaged removing Austrian mines from the Adriatic. Italy protested against " Austria's action, and in reply Austria expressed regret at the loss of life that had been caused in the Adriatic, and promised forthwith to re- . move the menace. IV.— SOME SEA SKIRMISHES. ! " YYF ACTUAL encounters between the ships of " the opposing navies there were, as has been -. said, few. On the "first' day of war. heavy firing in the North -Sea was reported, and the whole of the trawling fleet was recalled to port, a precaution which stimulated popular anticipa tions. It was on August S that a report of the sinking of 19 German warships was deceived in London and cabled all over the world. But the truth of the story was officially denied, '("here was one actual engagement with the German , High Sea Fleet during the first, week of the .Anglo-German war. The Admiralty, tn inform ing Tyneside shipowners that they might send ships anywhere in the North" Sea during day light, stated that the British Fleet had come into, touch" with the Germans south of . the Dogger Bank, and that, . after, an engagement, the enemy was- chased towards Holland. The next incident of moment occurred on Sunday, August 9, when a British cruiser squadron was attacked by German submarines. None of the British 'ships was damaged, but- the German submarine U15 was sunk. This was a smart piece of work by the British. Though only the periscopes of the submarines showed above water, they were sighted by the British look out men from a considerable distance. No sign of discovery was made till the submarines came within range of the British guns. Then the cruiser Birmingham seized her opportunity, and, darting forward, fired at .one of the peri scopes and shattered It. Blinded, the sub marine rushed forward under water, in immin ent danger of destroying herself by a collision. . Grimly the cruisers waited, knowing that, sooner or later the submarine must come to the surface to find out where she was. She did. so, and as she rose her number — U15 — was just visible. The Birmingham fired again, and the shell tore away the whole top of the sub marine's conning tower, so that she sank im- , mediately. The remaining submarines, seeing that their scheme had failed, had steamed away. ' About the adventures of the German cruisers Goeben and Breslau, which, though the objects of a hot pursuit by British ships, managed to elude them, and finally reached the Darda nelles, and were said to have been sold to Turkey, there-was something of romance. The Breslau -first made herself notorious by bom barding Bona, an Algerian naval station in one of the Mediterranean. bays, at 4 o'clock on- the morning of August 4, and then steaming westward at full speed. Op the previous "day (war between England and German had not. -then, it will be noted, been declared) the-, battle-cruiser Goeben passed Gibraltar, mnk-. ing full speed for the west. It was thought that she was -going to the north of Scotland to join the Baltic fleet, and an effort was made to intercept her. The next news was that both , the Goeben and the Breslau were sheltering ; at Messina, and that British warships were waiting for them -outside.. Italy could not har bor the Germans; they must disarm or come out. And after wills had been made and left with the German Consul they came out,- with elaborate swagger, ships dressed, flags flying,, and hands playing, quite in the" historical man ner on the evening of Thursday, August 6. The . British vessels; observing the j|ules of war,' ' were obliged to remain - outside . territorial waters, and .the; Germans during the darkness , . of a dark night managed to elude them. After that nothing was heard of "the mystery ships"- for some days,' till they were sighted entering; the Dardanelles, and shortly afterwards it was stated that they had been sold to Turkey for- £4,000,000, and that the German crews had been- ' reiiio.ved from them. . There was also an exciting chase after' the Gorman cruiser Karlsruhe, which, while coal-' - ing at sea, . was discovered by the. British; cruiser Suffolk; The Karlsruhe's superior speed enabled her. to run away. She was waylaid by- the. Bristol, which, however, in the heavy sea that was running, could inflict hut slight dam-' age. The ICronprinz. "Wilholm, which was being -. convoyed by the Karlsruhe, also managed to get away from the Berwick. Elsewhere inci dents. exciting enough, but of no great general importance, hal been going" on. German sub marines and patrol ships were seen at different points; a battle was reported to have taken place between Germans and Russians in the Baltic; the German merchantman Kaiser tVil- helm der Grosse was fitted with guns and searchlights, and became a menace to trading ships; the cruiser Dresden began her maraud ing career; there was some desultory fighting between a British patrolling squadron and Ger man reconnoitring flotillas; Austrian forts at Cattaro were bombarded, and an Austrian cruiser was sunk by the French. It was near the end. of August that the big Kaiser IVilhelm der Grosse met her fate off the West African coast after she had committed numerous depre dations, and there was a spice of irony in the fact that the captain of marines aboard the Highflyer, which sunk her, was Captain Trench, who had been imprisoned as a spy in Germany in 1310. V.— THE FIGHT OFF HELIGOLAND. TPHE first encounter approaching a real naval J- battle occurred during the last week of August off the island of Heligoland, the strongly fortified naval station behind which German ships were able to shelter. The end of the engagement was a decisive British victory and the loss of several of the enemy's ship3. It is worth men tioning here, as having some bearing on the course of events in the North Sea, that since Heligoland was handc-d over by England Germany has spent enormous sums in making the island impregnable, even to the extent of providing it with an armored belt, which may be intended as much to resist erosion by the sea as the projectiles of the enemy. Here a war harbor has been equipped under formidable fortifications, and lis guns cover the mine-fields facing the ap proaches to the Elbe. There are stations for torpedo craft at Sylt. off the coast of Schleswig, at Cuxhaven, at Bremerhaven, and at Borkum. But anywhere behind the Island these vessels can move for the purpose of assembling for a raid. From Emden, at the mouth of . the Ems, there is a connection with the Jade by a canal through which destroyers can pass to Wilhelmshaven, the most important German naval station on the North Sea. Farther to the eastward is Brunsbuttel, the entrance to the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal, and on the Elbe,' higher up which river stands Hamburg, where many of the largest German men-of-war have been built. At all these places, and at many others which have not been mentioned, there are extensive and powerful fortifications. In the engagement under review the forts on Heligoland and the neighboring shores joined in the cannonade, and the British ships were hotly engaged; but they gradually drew the enemy's vessls out into, the open sea, thus getting out of range of the land guns, which had made better. practice than. did the weapons of the German ships. A thick haze lay over the sea on the morning of August 28, when the light cruiser Arethusa, of the British Light Cruiser Squadron, came upon enemy ships in a bay north-west of Heligoland. . The Are thusa was commissioned as an emergency ship only a few days before the war, and her officers and crew had not been together long- enough to become properly acquainted with one an other. She was the first of a number of ships of her particular class, "so that her behaviour in the action was of particular interest. She . was at the head of a strong force of destroyers, and, with them, she aimed at cutting off the German , vessels from theij base. At a distance of about 3000 yards two German cruisers opened -fire : on the. Arethusa, and she was in action with them for about 35 minutes. She was damaged; but she managed to heat off the Germans and injure one of them seriously. -Later in the morning, during a confused fight; she again hail to resist a do'uble attack. Her speed was reduced to 10. knots, and several of her guns were disabled. Somewhere about 1 p.m. two German cruisers of the "Town" class were bearing down on her. and she might have fared badly but for the opportune arrival of the British battle- cruiser, squadron. - When the - fight began .the advan tage was with the Germans, for they were near home, and, as has been said,. the land batteries,, were able to aid them, whereas the British battle and light cruisers had not yet come to the aid of the destroyers. However, the small vessels fought with such spirit and dash,' and the- Arethusa behaved so splendidly, that the" Germans were kept very busy till , the British supports arrived. The German, cruiser Mainz went to her doom gallantly. Though amidships she was indescribably smashed, she kept up the fight with the only two . effective guns that remained, till finally , she sank by the stern." Altogether the Germans appear to have lost four .or five vessels. The Mainz, a cruiser of the Koln class, and two destroyers were sunk, and another cruiser was burning fiercely when she disappeared in the fog. Most of the dam age on the British side was confined to the Arotbusa and the destroyers Liberty and Laurel, and the casualties totalled 32 killed and 17 wounded. German casualty lists gave the enemy's losses as 30 killed. The larger British ships engaged in the latter part of the action were the Lion, the Queen Mary, the In vincible, and the New Zealand, the last-named being the vessel presented to Britain by the southern Dominion. Among the survivors of the Mainz who were rescued and made pri soners was a son of Grand Admiral von Tir- pitz. Early in September the British scout Path finder was sunk 20 miles east of the British coast. Destroyers rescued 90 of her crew. Of the rest four were known to have been killed, and 13 wounded, and 242 were missing. It was at first reported that this loss was due to a mine; but it vis afterwards stated" officially that the Pathfinder was sunk by a German sub marine, and that it also bad been sent to the bottom by British cruisers after a 30 hours' run for safety. Not long after this some British submarines stalked the 'German cruiser Hela, which was used as tender to the flagship of the German High Sea Fleet, at Wilhelmshaven. VI;—' TI1E MERCANTILE MA1U.NE. fTHE effect of the war upon shipping in general \-- was considerable. The danger of mines and the menace cf the .various sea rovers made navigation hazardous, and to some extent alt sea trade arrangements were upset. But the enormous value in this respect of Britain's naval dominance was soon apparent. Broadly speaking, the Empire's ships carried the Em pire's trade all over the world; but Germany's ocean business, as has been said already, was nt an end. According to a French estimate. .Germany on August 1 bad G35 merchant stea mers, aggregating 3,000,900 tons, and of these during tile first fortnight of the. war 290 were captured, and the remainder put out of action. It is not often that the British shipowner can find any cause to be thankful for a strike; but it seems clear that a strike 6f engineers and fitters was to a large extent responsible for the fact that comparatively few British ships were at the outbreak of war in Continental ports within tile danger zone. Several hundred vessels had been "hung up" round the English coast, because they could not get engineers at the rates which the owners offered, and of these a large number would, under other circum stances, have found themselves in trouble at German or Austrian ports. On July 30 there were, as far as can be ascertained, little more .than a score of steamers of any importance discharging at the principal German ports. About 20 others, mostly loaded with grain, were bound for Germany from different parts of the world, and it was possible, in the majo rity of cases, to" intercept them and conduct them to England. In the early days of the war, a proposal was made by President Wil son to bring all shipping under the American flag — a proposition calculated to rob England of one of the great advantages of her naval superiority. It was suggested that by this means the threatened blockade of American crops could be averted; but the scheme came to nothing. An estimate made by the well-known shipping paper "Fair Play" early in September stated that up to that time the Allies had seized or sunk 352 German merchantmen, of 853,852 gross tons, of which Britain seized 5S7.476 tons, and the Allies 159.401 tons. The Germans had seized 173.941 tons ot British shipping, and 32G1 of Russian. France had seized 17,010 Austrian tonnage. - British tonnage sunk, including the Oceanic and many trawlers, totalled 105,521. On August 4, the day on which war between Britain and Germany began, the German Ambassador in formed the British Government that the Ger man Government would keep merchant vessels flying the British flag interned in German har bors. but would liberate tbein if the British Government gave a similar undertaking within 48 hours. On the following day the German Government was asked if an Order in Council issued on August 4 as to the treatment of enemy merchant vessels in British ports con stituted an undertaking of the nature required, but beyond further inquiry through tbe German Legation at. Stockholm, similar to the original request, no communication was afterwards re ceived. Sir Edward Grey therefore stated about a week later that as he had no information that the treatment accorded to British merchant ships, in German ports was not less favorable than that accorded to enemy merchant ships in British ports. Articles III. to VIII. of the Order in Council . would not come into opera tion. Many German ships which were at Ant werp were taken possession of by the Belgian Government, and it was reported in October that these had been destroyed. In the early days of the war British and. American trans- Atlantic lines abandoned Continental routes, and there was among ships at sea a general hustle for safety to nearest .ports. The liner Mauretania was convoyed by the cruiser Essex to Halifax, Nova Scotia, and. was prevented by rumors of the presence of German cruisers from reaching New. York. But. day by day the Admiralty's control of trade routes, especially in the Atlantic, became stronger, and vessels began to venture forth- again. Early in Sep tember even the steamer service belween Folkestone and Boulogne had been resumed. According to one estimate, 225 German vessels which were laid up in Britain in September, were," with their cargoes, worth £13,000.000. Ot the proceeds of these prizes a considerable por tion represented bounty to the navy, the bal ance going towards the - expenses of the war. The total value of German vessels interned in neutral ports was set down at £47,000,000 A list of 73 German and 13 Austrian ships de tained as captured by Russia was gazetted during the same month. Chapter XI. THE WAR IN THE EAST. I— AUSTKO-SERVIAN OPERATIONS. THOUGH it was the outbreak of hostili ties between Austria-Hungary and Ser- " Y'? that set all Europe ablaze, the Austrb-Servia'n campaign itself soon became a matter of secondary importance as the great, war. developed elsewhere. There was much bloody flghting on the Servian side', and much havoc was wrought by the bom- bardment of Belgrade, Shabatz, and other un fortified towns and villages on the bordering rivers, the Save and the Danube ; but before long the pressure exerted by Russia in Galicia compelled Austria to withdraw a large part of her forces from the Servian frontier, and con centrate her energies on resisting the invasion of her "eastern provinces. Servia, too, weakened by the ravages of earlier wars, was in no condition to prosecute a ions, offensive cam paign, and the natural result of these things was that this phase of the war was soon al most forgotten by the world at large, whose attention was absorbed by the progress of hos tilities elsewhere. It is, therefore, unneces sary here to give more than a brief outline of the main features of the operations In Servia. The bombardment of Belgrade, which began within a day or two of the declaration of war by Austria, made it necessary to remove the Servian seat of Government to Nlsli, and Ser vian territory was almost immediately invaded. Austria had chosen for its offensive a time which seemed mo3t propitious, relying on the exhaustion of Servia after two wars and a struggle against an Albanian uprising; but, as has beeu shown, she had left out of her cal culations other and vastly more important con siderations, and was soon to discover that the crushing of Servia was not so easy a task as she had anticipated. Her plans for smashing the smaller State had been complete. As stated in well-informed quarters, they were, briefly, these: The Danubian Army, after taking the fortresses of Northern Servia, was to proceed south along the Morava Valley; the objective of the Driu Army was Nov! Bazar, whence it would proceed by Veles and effect a junction with the Danubian Army. A thirdrmy would advance along the Montenegrin border, whence it would move parallel with the Drina Army, cutting off Montenegro, and procediug.to North ern Albania. A general advance would be de layed until concentration was complete. Then Servia was to be crushed in the shortest pos sible time and a portion of the Austro-Hun- garlan forces rushed on to the eastern frontier. Servian mobilisation was complete within a fortnight of the declaration of war, and about August 10 a force entered Bosnia, near Pre- hoja and cut off the retreat of a body of Aus- triana. The main Austrian army had by this time retired to. Vinhcgrad, where they were erecting fortifications. German relations with Servia were formally broken off about this time. About August 18 the Servians claimed to have routed Austrian forces in the mountains near Shabatz. and to have killed 15,000 men and captured 14 guns. A general Austrian attach had been made along the wholq Servian frontier, but bad been repulsed at sev'efal points. Servia had another decided success on the Drina on August 21, and claimed to have inflicted - enormous losses on the enemy. Immediately afterwards Austria issued a formal notification that, on account of the Russian intervention, Austria was forced to gather all her forces for the principal struggle in the north-east. and. that conse quently the attack on Servia would thence forward be looked upon as a punitive expedi tion, ..the Austrian forces retiring from the offensive and adopting a waiting attitude. There can be no question that the Servians had been giving an excellent account of themselves, and Austria's official statement that her losses on the Drina were not surprising, in view of- tho overwhelming numbers of tbe enemy and the fact that the Servians were fighting for tlieir existence, sounded, it must be confessed, some what lame. For the battle of Jadar Servia claimed importance. According to an official statement issued at Nish, Austria-Hungary had thrown against Servia IS divisions of the 48 forming its army— that is to say. one-third ot its total force, about 350,009 men. The bulk of this force, some 200,000 men, were collected on the weakest point in the frontier, the Save and the Drina, from Ljubova to Shabatz. The Austrian columns, which advanced in semi-cir cular formation, crossed the Save and Drina on August 12. The Servian forces, which con sisted of weak detachments, were compelled to fail back, but succeeded far three days in de laying the passage of the enemy through the valley of Jadar. Meanwhile the Servian main army concentrated and moved forward to meet the enemy. On August IS the Servians as sumed the offensive. Haying defeated the left wing of the Austrians, the Servian army turned against their centre. After a battle on August 16, 17, 18, and 19 the enemy was completely beaten, and was pursued ail along the front from Krupani to Tcher. The enormous losses of the enemy were due to its massed formation and to the disorder of its flight. The Aus trians had 10,000 killed, 6000 on the Tcher. Over 2000 wounded Austrians remained on tbe battle field. The prisoners, not including the wounded, numbered four thousand. One hundred and fifty guns were captured, as well as caissons ot ammunition and war stores. The position near the end of August may be summed up thus: — After four days' fierce and continuous fighting against three Austrian Army Corps the enemy had been finally driven out of Servia. and prob ably, except for' prisoners, there was hot a single Austrian soldier in Servian territory. ' Decisive Servian victories from August 21 to 25 bad been due to several causes. First, the strategy of the' General Staff to pierce the enemy's centre and divide his line into two parts; and. secondly, to engage separately and outflank, these sections of the enemy's army in order to' turn defeat into' a rout. This proved entirely successful. The majority of the Aus trian guns were now in Servia's. possession. no fewer than 70 having been captured: Farther, south Montenegrin troops, with Servian help, were successfully operating or, land, and with the aid of the French" fleet: .had almost suc ceeded in destroying the Austrian stronghold of Cattaro, the main port of entry for Austrian supplies. The Servian casualties had been probably half those of the enemy. Further vigorous fighting followed, and tha fir3t week of September found, the Servians crossing the Save in force and invading tha enemy's territory. XI. — RUSSIA'S READINESS. rpHE Russian army that was mobilised with such speed and enthusiasm and so soon be gan to advance towards the frontiers ot Galicia and East Prussia, was a very different army from that which set out upon the war with Japan a decade ago There was much learned in that war. " It was the expressed opinion of a Rus sian general "officer .in those days that, it was" not "necessary for soldiers to be able to shoot- Straight.' ' The methods ;adopted in various military operations "were the methods of times past. Among 'a section of the bureaucracy-tbat mattered there; was a tendency ;_to bribery and corrupt ion that stood' in the wayrof reform. One remembers certain shocking disclosures In re gard to the nature of military and naval supplies . used - in 'the Manchurian cam paign. All ' these things discounted- chor-' mously the unquestioned - excellence of the human' material that made up the Russian fighting force. But the lessons so. dearly bought at that time were learned thoroughly, and in the years that" have "passed there have been great" changes. ' There were many difficulties in the way, but. the mosfserious of them had been; surmounted. The" general staff had grown very, wide awake; the standards set for officers had Seen raised. Vodka had been, banished'. from the mess and'tbe'life'of the soldier generally, (this 'long before the; recent total prohibition' experiment in Russia),' and In a variety of ways reforms designed to increase efficiency had been introduced with marked effect. For' war, as has so often been said, war Is tbe best training, and that is where the Russian army has a great advantage. Many thousands of the officers and men of Russia who are now in the field have bad actual experience as partici pants in the very campaigns on which the theories expounded in modern text-books are largely based. As the Petrograd correspondent of the London "Daily Mail" has pointed out, one might say that probably every battalion . of the Russian army is leavened by men who faced the inferno of fire at Port Arthur, Muk den, or some other of the great battles of the Manchurian campaign. The importance of this fact is worth emphasising. Extraordinary dif ficulties faced the Russian general staff in this campaign. Russia had no less than seven frontiers to guard, and she had to be ready to meet the action of the enemy at many points, separated sometimes by thousands of miles. But Russia had at her command a vast num ber of men; the Germans had their hands full in the western theatre of war; and when Aus tria turned to face this new menace she had Servia nibbling, so to speak, at her hocks. It was, broadly speaking, in such cireumstauccs that RusEia entered upon licr task. Before the first week of August was over it was icportcd chat Austria had practically aban doned her campaign against Servia, so that she might concentrate her main energies on the much more serious problems that were de veloping for her in Galicia'. The great Mus covite Empire had taken up the German chal lenge, and already swords had been unsheathed on the eastern front.'cr. Before many days came the official announcement that Russia had mobi lised two million men on the German border, two million on the Austrian, half a million on the Turkish, and half a million on the Rou manian frontiers, and that they were ready to act. "The Russian avalanche" was a phrase that soon became popular in the press, and when it was reported that the Czar's armies intended to make for Berlin by forced marches, and expected to be in the German capital he- fore very long there were many who believed that they would do it. But that was an enormous task, and it 'was not to be accomplished with out great labor and much bitter flghting. A good deal of the Information that was given out concerning these eastern operations was Incorrect and confusing, so that the world at largo was quite unable for some time to form any satisfactory idea of the progress of llie campaign. To-day one heard of the Russians having advanced to a certain point; a fortnight later, in spite of almost continuous reports of victories, tney were larther bacx. It is now fairly clear, however, that much excellent work was done by the Russian army in the early stages of their invasion of German and Aus trian territory, and that since then, though they have received some hard knocks, they have been slowly but surely wearing down tne op position, which, on the German side at :-n> rate, is admitted to navj been stubborn and effective. In spite ot German readi- , ness in the east, Russia was able to complete her preparations without any interference from the enemy, and to begin her operations before the Cerman army in the west had accomplished anything that mattered very much. Tne moral effect of this was of considerable importance to the Allies. Germany could not deal with her enemies piecemeal, as some of her prophets bad predicted. Her at tention was divided practically from the outset, and harassed Austria had her hands so'full that her support was not nearly so effective as the Kaiser and his general staff could have wished. If she could do no more, Russia could at least keep a large part of the enemy's forces from doing mischiet anywhere else but on her side of the map, and that fact alone was worth a great deal. Very early, too, Russia showed a nice appreciation of her opportunities by mak ing to Poland a promise of autonomy, which soon began to have a disintegrating effect upon lier enemies. Clearly in regard to Russia the Kaiser and his advisers had made another of those miscalculations which characterised their original plans of campaign. Before the end of the month the Russians had met and defeated in East Prussia the first German army corps, and captured eight guns and a quantity of war material, and Galicia had been invaded from the north and the cast by two forces which were converging on Lemberg. Japan's par ticipation in the war had enabled Russia to make use ot her Siberian army corps, and daily she was gathering strength. Lyck, in East Prussia, had been occupied by about August 21, and tbe Russians were marching on Lot- zen, no fewer tlmn 20 army corps, led. by the Grand Duke Nicholas, taking part in the in vasion. Austria by that time bad called out the last of her reserves. III.— AX I MI'C'RTANT SUCCESS. 1 T was the Germans who first took the offen- . site. Frontier troops near Lublin, after a short fight on the afternoon of August 3, occu pied Tchenstochowa, which is 10 miles" within Russian territory. Bendzin (three miles over the border, near the point where the frontiers of Austria, Prussia, and Russia meet) and Kalisch (a Russian frontier station on the Prosna River and the railway leading to Lodz and Warsaw) were also occupied by German- troops. A Russian column crossd the Prussian frontier in the north-east, and advanced towards johannisburg, and 29 miles. south-east of Posen another advance was checked by the Germans. There followed a number of 'fron tier skirmishes, and then the Russians occupied Eydtkuhnen, and found no large bodies of the' enemy; but within a few days the opposing- forces were In touch along a large part of the Prussian frontier, and the Germans had fallen back a day's march, burning villages as they went. It has been stated that the Aus trian forces in Galicia began operations by firing on Russian outposts at Volotchinsk 12 hours before the actual declaration of war, but did not cross the frontier, "though a few day3 later their oawalry were busy in Russian Poland. They were driven back! however, and were soon evacuating Radziwilow, a village' just over the border from Brody. There fol-" lowed a sharp Russian attack of the' Galleian railway terminus at Sokal, farther north, -which was occupied, with considerable loss. to the" enemy. Here the Russians "destroyed the sta tion and some, bridges, thus checking possible' advances by the Austrians. About the '17th'' day of mobilisation — that is to say. on August 16— a general advance of the Rus sian armies began. Away up to the north-west the Austrians had ventured into' Russian Poland us far as Kielce, 60 miles'or so 'north-east of" Cracow; but they were compelled 'to evacuate - the place. It was immediately after the decla-' tation ot war that a" German brigade. of infan try and a division of cavalry tried to capture Verzhbolovo, which was held by "a single Ras-' sian battalion on a peace footing. The enemy's . Horse Artillery opened fire, destroying several houses but failing to dislodge the defenders. By this time a large Russian cavalry ' force' was" ready to reinforce the garrison, while a large cavalry detachment had been ordered towards. " Eydtkuhnen. As a result of the five days' skir mishing the frontier was cleared of the enemy, who burned the village ef Kibarty and left 159" dead between Eydtkuhnen and Wierzbolow (Wirballen) and thrice that number of wounded. The Russian cavalry reached Stallu- ponen, having cleared the whole left flank of the firBt army. The enemy's cavalry brigade retreat ed before the Russian cavalry, as did also their 23rd Regiment of foot. All these operations, ranging from August 2 to 8, were in the nature of reconnaissances on both sides to discover each other's strength and concentration. The enemy in this work also made use ot aero planes, one of which was seen above Suwalki and was brought down by Russian infantry and fell in a swamp near Augustowo, where it was caught by Cossacks. After the Germans nad been driven back from the_frontier the cavalry skirmishes round Eydtkuhnen were continued daily. Eydtkuhnen itself was completely de stroyed by the Russian artillery, and, before the enemy had time to recover himself, a gene ral advance along his whole front betwc'on Stal- luponen and Kattenau had begun. The first big battle began on the morning of August 17. the German forces, consisting of three army corps, numbering about 120.C00 men, with upwards of 200 gnus. Field works in front of Stalluponen were occupied by the Rus- . sians before they could be taken advantage of by the enemy, who thereupon retired behind the town, the Russians pressing forward » '.d occupying It. Further advance the Gert-tas stoutly resisted, and by 11 o'clock hot fighting was in progress along the whole line. But, in spite of the hail of. projectiles from their guns, the German were attacked on both flanks and driven from one position to another. The enemy's casualties were very heavy, and by 6 o'clock in the evening they were in full flight towards" Gumbinneu. Meanwhile other German forces had been driven out ot Kattenau, and the Russians had occupied that place. Two days later there occurred at Liedenthal some hot cavalry encounters, in which tbe Russians were again successful. Farther north there followed another engagement, in which Russian infantry compelled the enemy to retire south- westward, where their forces concentrated at Gumbinncn, half-way between Stalluponen and Insterburg. Again the German losses were heavy. During the darkness of the night of August 19 the Russians moved their wounded and made preparations, so that by dawn next morning they were ready to advance on Gum- binnen. This, as has been indicated, was to be the greatest battle-so far, and our allies soon found that the enemy was malting a desperate resistance. They had been reinforced by the 17th corps, vrhich had hastened to their assist ance from the Polish fro.ntier, and, as it turned out, this was a fatal mistake, for the weaken ing of their forces south of Allenstein enabled the Southern Russian army to execute an other flanking movement. The battle began with a tremendous artillery duel. The Russians then advanced in widely extended order, which . nullified to some extent the effect of the cnmey's machine gun fire, and several "coun ter attacks were repulsed. It was very fierce fighting, and in several instances posi tions were taken and re-taken. But the end of it all was a triumph for the Russians, for by- evening Gumbinnen was in their possession and the Germans were in retreat, leaving behind iheni many prisoners and a number of guns. The battle had lasted 14 hours. During that night the enemy's cavalry rc-occupied Pllkalen, on the Russian right Bank; but the town was surrounded, and the Germans evacuated It. On the 22nd the Germans retreated towards Inster- burg. The Russians followed, and on the even- ing -of- the next 'day occupied' the town, from which the inhabitants had already-fled. After - p that the enemy retreated towards Konigsberg. IV— FALL OF LEMBURG. AN the Galician side, meantime, hot fighting ; was In progress. South of Lublin, where the - Austrians had invaded Russian Poland, ; their, ii forces had been concentrated and the -Russians - \\-.a were advancing. Round about Tomashoff,- the Russian onslaught was being vigorously pressed j and it was reported that . a Hungarian division - ; had been surrounded and cut up, and- that whole l; regiments had surrendered. Near Lemberg, farther to- the south-east,- the Russians - had captured some fortified positions, and, .still ; farther- In that direction, in the neighborhood of .! Tarnopol, the Austrians had.rsustained, heavy j! losses. Austrian troops had. been transferred ;j from Kielce. across the .Vistula, tend ..this, ac- !; cording to the military. expert whose, notes In. the.-. "Russkoe. Slovo,"- dealt extensively, with these operations, amounted to a desperate at- ;j tempt to cover the retreat .of the .Apstrian- ; army towards- Frzemysl. Near Jdiechow, -In Russian Poland, some Cossacks were surprised - l| by . a night attack, and lost their -position -and 1; many men;, but this was soon, followed by I. several Austrian reverses, which -Involved- the li loss of many men and guns. and. much -war ;i material; ... t; ji "Now the Russians were pressing -'on "in ;East '>. Prussia.' Angerburg, about CO miles "Sduth-east- ji of -Konigsberg, had' been occupied, T'and' 'the' ' Germans were reported to be retreating by forced marches. A fortified position on the River Angerapp had been abandoned, and part of the army was concentrating at Konigsberg. The invading troops fought successful but san guinary actions north of Neidenburg. with im portant German forces, and forced the enemy out of fortified positions at Frank enau. The aim of the Russians was now Konigsberg, to wards which the advance guards of the enemy were being driven back. Tilsit, to the north east, had been occupied, and several, other places were in Russian hands. Farther south, other German troops were retreating to Osterode, and there very soon the advancing 'Russians were to receive a sharp rebuff, though it was beginning now to be cabled about the world that the Germans were about to abandon East and West Prussia, and that the Russians expected to be outside Berlin in .three weeks. It became known about this time that German troops bad been withdrawn from the western theatre of war and sent east to meet the Rus sian advance. At Osterode the Russians were met by Ger mans who possessed superior artillery (Includ- ing some guns of the latest' Krupp models), arid -an outnumbering force of ''men, and were severely 'handled,-. 'two Generals, being killed. However, the' frankness of General Rennen- kampf and the General Staff in "making the news of the' reverse known ' at- once had a stimulating rather than a depressing effect,, and the army was suon pressing its attack with re newed vigor. They claimed to have captured 17,000 men and 120 German and Austrian guns between August 2C and August 30; their cavalry had- penetrated far into East Prussia and de stroyed German lines -of communication,, and a sortie by the enemy from Konigsberg had been a failure. . The reverse, which entailed the death of General Samsonoff, an officer who had served with distinction in the Manchurian campaign, was a blow; no .'doubt; but it was more than balanced by a -thoroughly convincing victory over the Austriansat" Lemberg. Here five Austrian army corps .were routed , and .it was claimed than no fewer than 70,000 prisoners and 200 guns were captured. .. This . was a crush ing blow to Austria. At the. other side of her. territory four army corps had- been defeated by the Servians;' many of her- troops were bottled up, so to speak, in Bosnia and Herze- . govina, and there was- not much left of her army that had not been ' badly mauled. Lem berg is 365 miles east-north-east- of. Vienna, and is the capltaLof Galicia- -. Upon it one of tlie Russian armies had been steadily . advancing. The disaffection among the Polish troops .which I followed the Russian- offer of autonomy, was be coming more and more manifest. It was even stated, that .one whole regiment went over to the Russians. Outside the fortified town of Za- roosc the Austrian centre made an attempt to break through the Russian line, between Lublin and Chelun, but was repulsed. The enemy, which had been steadily falling back, occupied a strong natural position, 'and attempted a flanking attack near Ilalicz, another important . Galician city, south of Lemberg on the Dneister. There was a battle which lasted 1 seven days, and then the Russians captured some heavily fortified positions, 10 or 12 miles east of Lemberg. Further advanee was vigor- ously resisted; but the Austrians were at length compelled to fall back - and suffered great slaughter at the hands of the pursuing cavalry. Their loss in guns, too, was heavy. - Next day it was officially announced In Vienna that, recognising that the occupation of Lemberg was inevitable, the Provincial Government had re moved the State archives and given - ' instructions to the" - Burgomaster as to the conduct .of the city after occu pation. In this great engagement, the Austrian left had sought to envelop the .' Russian forces in Poland, and the extreme right to outflank the Podolia army.. Meanwhile the" main Austrian force was directed at the heart of. the Russian' position in Poland; but the en veloping movement in- the -west, failed, and German troops were withdrawn -north to deal with the victorious Russian .advance. Austria's centre at Lublin was vainly - launched against Russia's finest battalions, .while the extreme- . right sustained terrible losses. General Ruzsky's force, leaving Rovno, near the Galician border, - advanced south-west, spreading fanwise- to in- volve the districts north -and south- of Lem berg, and threatening to cut the' Lublin army's communications. . In order to parry this, move ment the Austrians, transferred several -army corps from the.' west, side of the Vistula, and, moving them, behind Lublin, hurled .them- at General Ruzsky's forces. This desperate' on- - slaught was attended by . a whole Series of - disasters to the Austrians. -The. Russians also . occupied Hal Icz. Along the whole front between the Bug and the fistula, there were now signs of the retreat of the Austrians, whose "ex treme persistence," as the Russian official an nouncement puil.it, seemed to have been bro ken. The' Russian's.. followed up their- success, by making a" movement to surround the strongly fortified town of. Prze'mysl, about 50 miles west . of Lemberg, occupying ;MikoIajow, a strategi cally important' railway junction, defeating the Austrian' forces at Lublin, '.and achieving fur-' ther decisive successes . at Krasnik and Toma- 8 off.' ' Russian troops .wer'e" now crossing the ; River San,. and taking fresh trophies" of guns,, ammunition, and 'food supplies, besides num bers of prisoners. ; : Chapter XII. TURKEY AND THE BALKAN . STATES. FROM the" beginning the attitude of Tur key was something of a" puzzle to the more or less casual observer, though it was to be , made clear in duo time that the" statesmen of Britain were ' watching closely,- and were not deluded by protestations and outward seeming; Ger man influence, always more or less in evidence in Turkey, was being carefully fostered and stimulated, and there was reason to believe that Turkish sympathies were more towards the enemy than towards Britain and her Allies. The Ottoman army was mobilised at the be ginning of August, but it was carefully ex plained at foreign Embassies that the object of this was merely to enforce the maintenance of the strict neutrality which the Government was determined to observe. The typical British view of these assurances may be gauged by the fact that at about this time 40 guineas per cent, was paid at Lloyd's in a gamble against a de claration of war between England and Turkey or France and Turkey within the next three months. Before long the Turkish newspapers were publishing bitter anti-British articles, and it began to be known that the Turks were act ing arbitrarily in the Dardanelles, detaining without explanation vessels -belonging to En tente Powers. In Smyrna the property of Bri tish subjects had been seized. There was a known Turkish element in favor of action against Bulgaria and Greece, and troops even entered Bulgarian territory;, but actual hos tilities were for the time being avoided. "When the two. German cruisers Goeben and Breslau fled for safety t<f the Dardanelles and were re ported to have been bought by Turkey, the legality ,of that transfer was not questioned by the British, French, and Russian Ambassadors; but they. insisted on the German officers and crews or the veseels being sent away. This Turkey ostensibly did, though she explained that she was keeping a certain number of en gineers/mechanics, and stokers to teach the Turkish- crews how 'to run the turbine engines. Many people made no secret of the fact that they had no faith in Turkey's assurances, that .they did not believe there had been any sale of the warships; and when it was reported " from 'Athens towards the end of August that 150 German naval men had -passed through Phil- hppopolis on their way to Constantinople there was not much surprise. Abouc the same time it was made known by means of a wireless message from Berlin to the German Embassy at Washington that Liman Pasha — otherwise General Liman von Sanders, the German officer who -had been appointed to reorganise the Turk ish army — had been made Commander-in-Chief of Turkey's" European forces. -' (A few weeks earlier the Turkish Embassy in London had. denied emphatically any such appointment;) Military preparations were being hurried on: the reservists "were' being drilled dally, and only Gcnnan "war news was being published in the "newspapers. " There was alio some evidence of activity by German emissaries in Egvpt, and early, in September' there was re ported to be' great and unwonted activity in side the Dardanelles. At this time, too, Tur key abolished the judicial and financial capi tulation's; which dated' back to 1535, when, it being. realised that. . the Turkish-.systein .of -jus-' tice could not adjust itseif to the.. intricate situations, arising, out of the more complicated Western systems, it was agreed, for thg sake o( .simplicity, that. each, nation should I con-' tinue to. govern it3 own subjects within the Ottoman dominions. . ... . The possibility of complications, arising amongtheso easily -kindled Balkan States was naturally a subject of speculation from the- beginning, of. the- war.-- There, was "some. stir among them,. of course,, and a variety of. reports emanated from -different centres; Montenegro became an active participant- against Austria, but," speaking- broadly, nothing very momentous was -to happen,- during the first months at any rate. Early in August" Bulgarian reservists were ordered to prepare for mobilisation, and a- state of siege was declared. Shortly afterwards the Bulgarian Government asked for a mobili sation credit of- £2,000, 000.'"An Ottoman force entered Bulgarian territory, but afterwards re turned to Turkey. There was- talk of a renewal of the Balkan Alliance,. -with the addition Of Roumania, arid-it was stated that Bulgaria was unwilling to come into it unless there was a revision of the treaty of Bucharest/ which had" divested her, for Roumania's benefit, 'of some of- the fruits ot her victory over Turkey.' It was' Bulgaria, however, which informed Servia early in September that if Roumania abandoned neu trality in favor of Russia, Bulgaria Would do likewise, and all the Balkan States, excepting' Turkey, would' take sides with the Triple En tente. ..There were all ' sorts of' rumors about Roumania. Early in August the Roumanian Legation in London found it necessary to deny a report' that the State Intended to join Ger many. Later It became evident that a strong, sentiment in favor of Russia wa3 growing, and | the King of Roumania, actuated by -family ties with the. Hohenzollerns, was before long in conflict with his Ministers. Greece announced, that ' it would intervene in the war if any State sought' to alter the status quo established by the Bucharest Treaty. Germany, at the out- - break of war, had, it was afterwards disclosed, made a concrete proposal to gain the co-opera tion of Greece; but these -advances were, de- clined. Insurgents before .long hegan to disturb the never very tranquil conditions In Albania; and at the beginning of September Prince Wil liam of Wiea,. whose short occupancy of the throne had been curiously ineffective, -left Durazzo for Venice., Little. Montenegro was soon involved. in .the war. Every diplomatic and pergonal influence was brought'lto bear at th'o outset upon King J Nicholas "to prevent Montenegro from joining1 I; Seryia; but. the mobilisation, of ' forces ' was _ . speedlIy.,ordered, war against Austria was.de-; u clared, and on August '7 Montenegrin . troops ,"i occupied, Spizza.'Pacbtrovitch;- anil Budua (the ; l| southernmost' towns , of Austria-Hungary), land" ;j took by 'assault Metelka, Sienokos, .and the - :i surrounding 'heights. 'About |tbe same time'.' Ij Antiyari, Montenegro's only seaport, was bom- '; j barded by' Austrian cruisers, the wlreless sta- tiori. and' engineering' works being damaged;' ;i About August 18 Montenegrins" invaded Dalma- I. -|! tia through perzegovina, arid a. French detach-' ; H m'ent which. had been at Skulari was Ordered to'1 |i Cetirije.'t'o co-operate. If necessary, In the prir-" tecti'ori ' of Montenegrin territory. The Mori- I il tenegring also participated in the bombard- ; |j melnt of 'Catfaro,' and In othcri "ways hssistCd. Itt.;' j; the' campaign against Austria. ' Chapter XIII: SEPTEMBER—IN EUROPE. . I.— THE TIDE-TURNS. ; , Early in September this .first part of "The Daily Telegraph'" History of the AVar co.mes to an end.- The. Allies .'had just (Sep- tember 5) undertaken not to discuss terms of peace separately. The invaders' slow retire ment "from the outskirts of Paris, with its . even harder, fighting. and . its series of enor- . mous battles, was just about to begin. In the west, the tide was on _ the turn. In the east the position was also satisfactory. On the borders of East Prussia, Russian and Ger man armies were still fighting, with . varying success. Southward, the. Russian advance had now- reached . well into . Galicia, and Lemberg had not long. been captured. The Servian cam paign, quite' overshadowed by these enormous events, w-as ' proceeding with .redoubted vigor, since Austria's withdrawal of a large part of her forces to meet the Russian advance. Japan, . which' some two "weeks ago bad entered up on the war, as far as the east was" concerned, in virtue of the Anglo-Japanese alliance, was beselging Tsihg-Tau. " At sea, the position on the whole may best be described as one of ' marking time'. The' German fleet was still cooped up at Kiel' and in the Baltic, and ex-' cept" for the constant mine peril and occasion al raids,' Britain had control of the seas. Ger many's oversea trade was practically dead, and British ships were patrolling the trade routes, but in spite of their efforts, the six or eight German cruisers still at large in the Pacific,' Indian, and Atlantic Oceans were doing some damage among merchant shipping, "thanks to their speed and an elaborate and well-organ ised svstem of supplies, arid information which reminds one of the old Australian bushranging days. . In the taking of German Samoa by a British- New Zealand force, assisted by Aus tralian warships, the Pacific dominions had scored their first success, but the capture of the German New Guinea protectorate was still to come. The British Expeditionary Force had won high honor in France, and the whoie Em pire was now a training ground for troops. The first overseas contingents, India.'s 70,000 and Canada's 20.000, were soon to arrive, and Britain v.as in a fair way of becoming a great military as well as naval Power. II. — KITCHENER'S ARMY. / TJRITAIN had now in training nearly half million men. This was exclusive of the territorials and the national reserve, as well 83 -of the Imperial contingents from India and the Dominions. The whole country seemed to have put on khaki, and resounded with the. harsh voice of the drill sergeant. Enrolment, which, during the first week or two of the war had been at tbe rate of about 3000 a day, bad multiplied tenfold. The record number on Sep tember 3 was over 33,000, and 00,000 men en listed in three days. Lord Kitchener's first appeal to the nation had been followed, by a second, and the War Office was aiming' at the training of a force which Bhould total at least a million men. The enormous increase in enrolment was due in part to the news of the splendid be haviour and heavy losses of the Expeditionary Force at the front, whose sending has al ready been described, and to sympathy with the- heroic defence and brutal treatment of tbe Bel gians. Every clas3 in Britain was now aroused to the need of a great army, as well as a great fleet. But that was not the whole ex planation of tbe increase. As Lord Kitchener put it, when he was out in this country, you cannot create an army- by stamping your foot, and though it would hare been easy enough by widespread, appeals to add tens of thou- , sands to tbe daily enrolments, even before their pressing need had Epread throughout slow-moving Britain, the war authorities" were not! ready for them in those early days. As , soon, as they were ready, they asked for more men. and more came.- The difficulty lay in the organisation and equipment of the force to be1 raised." For Lord Kitchener made it clear that these men were to be made iito . trained soldiers; there was to be no sending x of haK-baked volunteers against Germany. The British' regulars had proved ' themselves the best in the world, but the standards they had set would not be easy to maintain. It was especially hard to keep up the supply of officers and non-coms., and experienced men were wc-Icomed with open arms, and their old ranks restored. Still, the material that - came forward was of an exceptionally ' fine type; possibly, seeing the nature of the call on them, and that they, knew what they had to face, and , they came as free men, of as fine a type as was ever enrolled in such large numbers anywhere. At Lord Kitchener's request, wheri tbe time came, representatives of all political parties formed a combined recruiting committee. La bor members of the House of Commons joined in the scheme; the Parliamentary Coininittee : of the Trade Union Congress issued a riiani- festo in support; the Dockers' Union .declared that every able-bodied man mpst be ready to defend his country, and four hundred north western railwaymen joined' one regiment . in Buckinghamshire, and. entrained amidst their fellow-workers' cheers. More Important than all, the South Wales miners, besides enlisting in large numbers, repudiated the suggestions of their Socialist leaders, and agreed 'to the Government's request to work nine hours a day and on certain Sundays. Employers, large and small, behaved, as a rule, liberally, both in releasing their qmployees for training, and in making provision for those who enlisted and their families. Nor was the employing class behindhand in enrolling; about half the undergraduates . of Oxford and Cam bridge enlisted for the front. The Prime .Min ister started an educational campaign as to the origin and purpose of the war, the Football Association placed its grounds at the disposal of the War Office, and many prominent clubs had to cancel their fixtures because the hulk of their players had enlisted; a vigorous news paper discussion arose as to Whether matches should to played at all. A conference of Lon don business men decided to organise "a .fifth line of defence, and in their spare time numbers of Londoners learnt the rudiments of drill, and how to use arms, on tile principle, of, $12 Irish Volunteers. Australians, Canadians,; apdr New Zealanders. living in Britain/formed' wa'r asso ciations . to, assist the contingents'! from' Their parts of. the world when they! should arriye,!ajid they themselves enlisted in large, bodies. ' Aris- , . tralians , and! New Zealanders. formed "the bulk .! . of-.. the men in' King Edward's! Horse, .qnd .jan Australian Field. Hospital y/as the first private i. ope at the front, where it earned great praise. .Among the 'most youthful, of , the . volunteers were. some of- the Australian cadets then in . England. Thousands of the Ulster Volunteers enlisted, and were formed into a division , of Lord Kitchener's new army ..under - officers- of. - . their own. Irish' Protestants joined the Na tionalist Volunteers and rcse.vists leaving Ul- - ster for -the front we're preceded by" banes of both volunteer forces. But in the south arid west of Ireland recruits did not present them selves in the numbers expected. There was among the Nationalist's no lack, of sympathy ! with the Allies, but it seemed as though Na tionalist politicians weje not 'anxious to part \- with their control of the volunteers until Home Rule was actually on the statute book. Except for one outburst, due, apparently, to a mis- . understanding oyer the Hoine Rule Bill, Par1 liament maintained the high standard it had set up from the. beginning of the war, and prae-" tically there were no divisions among its num bers. It was agreed that' by-elections should not be coritested, but. that each party should retain its" seats. III.— BRITAIN'S "SILVER BULLET." ftO far, the dislocation in .trade ;ahd industry hadjnbt been anything iike so great as was expected. According, to a statement issued early . in -September by the Board of Trade, 93 per ! cent, of the workrrien engaged in production . were still wholly or partly employed. And or ; the .7 per cent, who "were employed no longer, at le&st; tv.'O-'t bird's had enlisted. So that not much ; more than 2 per cent, of this class of employees were: actually out of work.: Moreover, taking the returns from "the principal- factories;' em-' - . ployers Of 75 per cent, of the workpeople in cluded in! the return had reduced their Staffs by only 1.3 per. Cent."," while the employers of tbe remaining 25 per cent, reported a reduction of 27 per cent.-" Full time was being worked' in . 55.4 per cent, of the factories,,- short time in 42.3 per cent., and only 2.2 per cent, had closed pr were about to close. Out of a total of about 10,000 factories ne'arly 1000 reported pressure of work, the cause of this pressure being, in 176 cases, a' diversion of trade from other countries, which was expected to increase. Considering .that even before war - broke out, trade depression . was expected, these figures Were striking evidence of the economic and financial strength of Britain. That strength was going to tell as tbe struggle went on. Britain's enemies, as Mr. Lloyd George, tbe Chancellor of the Exchequer, remarked about this time, could stand the first hundred mil lions as well as she could, but the last hun dred millions they could not; therefore, money was going to count. Britain had won "with a silver bullet before. At the same time, among classes of workmen not included in this classi fication, the position was not nearly so good. Efforts were being made wholesale to capture fc-r Britain a great deal of the' trade which had hitherto been in the hands of. Germany. For instance, a committee was appointed to consider the development of the chemical industry, and the collection of information of all kinds as to German .trade was begun. Permission was also given to infringe German patents. Britain's large food imports were triaintained, "and war insurance, rates had been steadily sinking ever since it became clear that the trade routes were practically safe. Nor did the prices of food stuffs rise to anything iike the extent that had' been expected. Pending another war loan, large amounts of Treasury bills were issued. Finari- cial conditions generally had immensely Ira- proved since the panit at the outbreak of war, and the banks had long ago resumed the normal paying out of gold coin. And if Britain was standing the war well, she . did. not. forget the unfortunate people from whom war had taken' almost everything. Re fugee's In scores of- thousands, mainly from Bel gium, continued to pour into Britain, and Folkestone, where the boats from the Contin ent arrived, developed from an ordinary seaside place, into a little Manly, . only more formal and with a touch of Newcastle, into a huge' caravanserai, whose people wondered every day \- where on : earth they were going to stow to morrow's newcomers. But the authorities, local and central, and the public, rose to the position. Hundreds of poor people were housed . ' and hundreds more sent on to London, though the problein of finding work for them was" far : more serious. For the wounded, too, provision . bad to. be,made, and as parly as August 15 there were 70,000 beds available in one part "of the ' country or another. . One other maUer had been: giving some -little trouble in the-Uriited . Kingdom — the prevalence - of German agents and spies. Although the Sec- rotary for Home Affairs declared that .there was ! no evidence of the existence of any combina tion among aliens in Britain to commit hostile acts, isolated attempts were made to spread lying rumors about the war generally, some little damage , was dODc here and there, and several of the sentries guarding public .build ings, factories, dockyards, and so . on, were at tacked and wounded. No spies were shot, and, though during August and the first week or so in September, 85,000 persons were arrested, nearly all were afterwards released. All Ger mans capable of bearing arms were banded over to the military authorities, but the' wives of German and Austrian reservists who had managed to get off to the war were allowed to return to their own countries. People con victed of "newsmaking" were imprisoned, and the Government set about: making inquiries as to. lies repeated in neutral- countries, with the aim of checking them. IV.— PARIS CONFIDENT. fTlHE French capital had just been removed from Paris to Bordeaux, hut the spirit of France was quite unshaken. News was vague, and the only, certain thing . was the Allies', slow retirement, men up to 50 had been called to the colors, and those who .were exempt from mili tary service had to submit to further examina tion, Paris was a city of women and grey- . . beards. Yet she was still confident. It was realised that the Allies and especially France, would have to pay a great price for victory, but there was no hesitation in paying and no doubt about the victory. The plump and dapper little pere de familie of 49, called from his ruined business to the trenches, carried biniself with quite an air. There v.-as confidence in ."the brave English," confidence in the weight of tbe Russian- millions, confidence in their own brave soldiers, but it was quite realised that there were terrible times, ahead. Even, when thou- sands of houses and shops and factories on the outskirts of the capital were being blown up to clear the field, of fire for the forts, Paris did riot lose heart. The unity of France helped to sustain it, arid the most outstanding in stance of 'that unity was the formation, on August 27, out of the- best men of all parties, of the "Cabinet of -National. Defence, including, besides the; Premier, M. Vivian!, who -formed It, M. Delcasse- as .Foreign'Minister, ; M. Mlllerand as Minister, for "War, .M. -Briand as Minister for Finance, this Cabinet was, one of- the strongest France . had .hqd, , , The business world -had niso settled down into something more like -its'; ordinary- rhythm. The crops were normal, -and-had- been- harvested without -great difficulty, the railways were re suming ordinary traffic, and - with the huge diminution, of the .number of customers provi- ,-sions were plentiful and cheap. Attempts to . corner meat , supplies were prosecuted. In . or der to help set business as far as possible in its ordinary channels again, the. Government asked manufacturers to mention their particu lar difficulties, whether lack of raw material, - capital, or labor, skilled or unskilled. ; The Government also added'a 33 per cent, bonus to' out-of-work' grants made by trades-unions, and steps were taken to put an end to the stagna? tloh in the money market caused by the mora torium. . V.— RUSSIA AND THE POLES. . EJIHE outstanding event , of the first month of the war, so far as concerned Russia, was the Czar's promise of self government to Poland. Indeed, the importance' of this event extends far beyond Russia and Germany, and may, if' all goes well, be a landmark in the history of Europe. The poles had long dreamed of a "Day" when they should be\ able to free them selves from their Russian, Austrian, and Gerr man masters, and in spite of. all. efforts, and in especial the systematic and thorough-going attempts of Germany, the- Poles of Prussia and Galicia had continued obstinately to remain Poles." German colonies had been planted amongst them, their towns more or less re built in. the German .style, and the harshest restrictions enforced. .. But the only result was that Polish national spirit, which had animated mainly the upper classes, spread throughout all. Now came this, offer of self-government" arid freedom of religion and language, which seemed to promise a Polish resurrection. - It was certainly a Ruksian- master-stroke. The . proclamation was received with great enthu- . siasm at Warsaw, where it counteracted Ger man and Austrian . incitements to' revolution. There is -no doubt" that it. had also its effect among the Germrin and Austrian Poles, at whom it was in great part aimed. .It was re ported that the Jews were also to be given equal civil and political rights. "In. Russia itself the century-old feeling against Germany was growing, and the Czar is reported, to have declared that be meant to go to Berlin, even if it cost him his. last man. On September 1 this " feeling! received outstanding recognition by the renaming of St. Petersburg "Petrograd," so as to make the word Wholly Russian, "grad" ' or "gorod" being equivalent to the German "burg" "or the English "town", or "borough." VI.— DIFFICULTIES IN GERMANY. JT'.VEX towards the end of August terrible stories were told of distress in Germany. But such stories had to.be taken with a grain . of salt. The German authorities had always realised the possibility of a trade stoppage in war-time, and had done their best, by all sorts of legislative encouragements to agri- , culture, to make their country as self- sup porting as possible. As a result, Germany - was actually, when the war began, an exporter of foodstuffs, arid could provide between 80 and 90 per cent, of her people's food. On the other hand, the statements . as to the hoarding . In advance of enormous stocks of" grain must also be received with caution; the probability is that Germany expected to be able to seite large stores 'of food from the countries she was to overrun so quickly. She had been accus tomed to obtain the bulk of her wheat supplies from Russia. Of course, the war closed that market to her, and 'neither Austria nor Hungary had much 'wheat to spare. What foodstuffs she needed from outside, as well as raw materials, and especially cotton and copper, had to be obtained from neutral countries, ' and we .know that, .she did draw considerably from Italy, Holland, Scandinavia, . and even the Unjted States. . It was said that some of her supplies, came indirectly from' Britain, 'through Rotterdam and- other Dutch towns. . Then there was the difficulty as to payment. Genriany needed, by way of imports, at least £12,000,000 worth of food 1 per- -morith, and since by far the greater part of . her. export . trade had been stopped, she' was not" .earning anything towards meeting her bills. . Munitions of war, too, were needed as' much, as food, and the same difficulties existed in regard to ' them. Hie German war bill is said to have amounted to 'as much as £3,000,000 per day. . Still, the country was' full of . patriotism, and vigorous efforts were made to , meet internally the huge war loans. Under the circumstances, there was riot much chance of . having them sub scribed by the financiers of neutral countries, even if their Governments would have allowed \- It. .. : . Another difficulty lay in the removal of mil lions of factory and other.workers to the front. Yet there was actually a great deal of unem ployment in the German cities. The fact is, the war caused so great an alteration both in the demand for commodities of all sorts and in the supply of the various kinds of labor which produced them that tbe wholesale re-adjust ment needed was extraordinarily difficult. Ac cording to official rcturnB of unemployment in Berlin towards the end of August, as quoted in the "Berliner Tageblatt," about one-third of the employees in the textile industries were out of woi;k. half of the members of the wood workers' union, three times tbe ordinary pro portion of transport workers, about a quarter of the available stonemasons, and not far froiri half the bookbinders. In such trades as dress making there was practically nothing doing at all, and more than 30 per cent, of the metal workers were either out of work or at the front. Gn the. other hand, some trades, such ' as saddlery and carpentry, benefited, and there ' was a demand for butchers and bakers because so many had been marched off. Prices of food had increased enormously, arid, according to the "Financial Times," wheat was quoted at 15s" per bushel. But the hopes of the people were encouraged with marvellous accounts of successes in the field 'and of the' disasters that had overtaken the Allies. Especially disasters to Britain, for as the war went on, and some idea that all was hot going as well as had been hoped began to filter past the censors, and refugees from East Prussia began to ar rive in Berlin, the hatred of Britain grew! It was announced, among other things, that Lord Kitchener's appeal for 190,000 men had re sulted in complete failure, only 2000 men hav ing enrolled, and that Mr. John Burns had made a long speech In London prophesying the disruption of the Empire. Attempts were also 'made to, capture the press of all the neutral countries, and some of the stories supplied to neutral newspapers were even more absurd than those mentioned above. . The hatred of everything British extended even to the names of streets and places, which were changed for German equivalents, and In Munich, posters announcing the British defeat at St. Quentln wcr hung- with flowers. And Britain's unexpected military efficiency and the unity and enthusiasm of her overseas Dominions caused - .Germany the greatest surprise.' At the same time, at fir3t, at any rate, it would, seem. that British prisoners and other subjects in Germany were not treated 'so badly as- some ' of. -the stories told make out. A good idea of German opinion of the general situation early in September may be got by the following extract from the "Frank furter. Zeitung," as quoted in "The London Times": — "Little more than a month has passed since the beginning of "the war, and already Paris, the capital of France, which so much likes to be calied the intellectual capital of the world, is seriously threatened by German armies, although in the south-east there are still strong sections of the - French army try ing to defend themselves against the German assault. Together with the army of France the Belgians (whose neutrality was in reality only a badly, chosen mask for thir hostility to Germany) and the English force (which were sent across the Channel, not to defend France, but to defend the British profits) have been overthrown. Russia, meanwhile, for whom France sacrificed her milliards, and is now let ting her brave sons perish, is proving herself to be by no means the terrible Power whose armies were to strike "the deadly blow at the heart of the German Empire." If France learnt the truth, she would know to-day that Russia has bqcn decisively beaten In three terrible battles in the north and the south, suffering enormous losses in .dead, wounded, and priso ners, that the . Russian' armies have in 'great part been destroyed, and that the time is near when the 'blow at the heart will be delivered. not at Germany but at Russia." It will be noticed that France's "brave sons" are spoken of: The fact is, the German hatred of Britain was so great that there seems to have been some idea that it might be possible to con-; cilia te France and get her help against Britain! VII.— VIENNA FEARS FAMINE. , -JJSTRIA was faring worse than Germany. Within three, weeks of the outbreak of war preparations were being made to meet a scarcity of provisions in Vienna, and by the beginning . of September there wsre fears of famine. The price of meat had always risen in winter, hut now, with the city full of unemployed, reser vists, and refugees from Galicia, the position was becoming serious. Vegetables were planted v in parks and open spaces, and seeds of win ter vegetables were distributed free. Buda pest was also in difficulties, for all over the country commerce, and industry had received a tremendous blov/. In Austria-Hungary, too, in . , spile -of the numbers drafted to the front, there were scoies of thousands of unemployed, :tnd rioting broke out in several cities. Insur rectionary movements continued to be reported 'from the provinces, and, according to a story told about the end'of August, a Bohemian re giment, which refused outright to fight against the Servians, was surrounded by six German and Hungarian regiments, and annihilated. Meanwhile, news from the Servian front had been remarkably scanty, but enough came through to cause a great deal of disappoint ment. Then large bodies of Austrian troops returned from Seryia, some to guard the Italian frnntier, and some to 'help resist the Russians. The rest of the operations in Servia, so it f.vas announced, were to be merely punitive. There was nothing like the . bitter anger acainst Britain that prevailed in Germany, and. on the other hand, feeling was beginning to smoulder against the country .which had pushed Austria-Hungary into the war. In spite of the attempts made- to fix attention on the campaign in France, the possibilities of -the - Russian advance could not he. hidden, and with hunger tliero enme upon "Vienna. the need to fortify. The Emperor was known to he criti cally ill, and . the atmosphere all round was one of gloom. VIII.— ITALY. A LL through the month of August .influences were steadily at work upon Italy. On the one side/Austria and Germany made themselves very busy in the effort to induce the third member of the -Triple Alliance to see, arising out of her partnership in that Alliance, " a duty to support the ' other p'arties to' it in their war of aggression. There is even some reason for believing that more pointed inducements than were appeals - to sentiment arid reason were used. It is cer tain" that Austria mobilised .troops on the Italian frontier; that a couple of German offi cers went to Tripoli and tried to stir up there a Mohammedan . "holy war," and that there were other menaces more or less direct. On the other hand, Italy's inherent dislike and dis trust of Austria was- used with' effect, and the alternative, advantages or disadvantages of al- - liance with one side or the other in the war were carefully pointed out. - In other words, \- care was taken that Italy should see quite "clearly on which side the bread was buttered. Meantime Italy was, by virtue of her neutrality, In the way of some richly tempting commercial opportunities, and her trade throve in certain directions. But there was undoubtedly growing in Italy a strong feeling in favor of the Anglo-French side, and there "was probably some justification for the statement made by an English corre spondent early in August that, had the Italian Government yielded to Austro-German appeals, there would have been a revolution. Austria began to make alluring promises; but the Italian people did not trust Austria. It began to he clear that a great part of them wanted war, and that against, not .with, the other parties to the Triple Alliance. AH sorts of ' people— Democrats, Socialists," Republican:: — . sought enrolment in the army; the grandsons of Garibaldi, the great Italian patriot of an earlier day, went from Mexico to France and offered to raise an army in her behalf; there was -a. wave of strong feeling throughout the country, and Italians in .various parts of the world made it plain' in what direction their. ; sympathies lay. The pledge entered into by the Allies not to make peace without mutual consent produced a deep effect, which went fur ther to strengthen growing Italian feeling in favor of the Entente side in the war, and tbe first week" in September closed with a remark able demonstration at the Queen's Hall, Lon don, of Italian sympathy with Britain and her Allies. " - ' ' i At the beginning of that week three repre sentatives of "the' German Socialist party had gone to Italy -to explain to Italian Socialists their attitude with regard to tbe war, and "the story of the meeting is full of Interest. Hcrr Sudekum, wbo is a member of the Reichstag, attempted to justify the action of German Socialists. Signor Delia Seta, a prorninent Italian Socialist, replied with effect. The 'con duct of the German Socialists, he said, had been" most unsatisfactory. On the eve of the war they' had joined in a "demonstration of loyalty arid homage to the Kaiser. ' (This Herr Sudekurh denied.) German hegemony repre sented a -greater danger than Czarlsm. They failed to see German civilisation while L'ouvain was bein destroyed. They 'pitied nnd honored Belgium; destroyed by Germans. They anxiously watched "the fate of France, who had sacrificed to iriternationaltsiri the life of Jaures, nnd So- cialism riiust wage war agaiDst war and against whatever represented the most terrible -back ward 'step of'krivilisation— the violation of tho neutrality- of-Bolglum, against which German Socialism hnd" failed to protest. ': i-il Chapter XIV. SEPTEMBER-THE'REST OF THE WORLD. I.— AUSTRALIA ENLISTS. ENROLMENT for the- Australian Expedi tionary Force took place with such en thusiasm in every State that within . a few weeks it was decided to send a. second, this time of 10,000 men. The age limits had first been fixed at 20 and 39, but 19-year-old trainees under the national defence scheme and veterans of over 40. were eager to enlist. There is a story of one old fellow, betrayed by his grey hair, who went off and dyed it and shaved off his beard, end hurried back for another try at enlistment. ' There could hardly have .been a more crestfallen man in Sydney when he was recognised and failed again. And many were . the tall stories of skill in rifle shooting and horsemanship told by young fellows who hoped that might help them past the enrolling officer's eye. Unfortunately for some of these, they had also to pses the test of practice. An appre ciable number of the volunteers were men thrown out of work by the dislocation of trade — sailors, waterside workers, mechanics, miners, and all kinds of tradesmen. But for the first 20,000, as a rule, no man was accepted who had not had some previous military experience. Not the least eager of the volunteers were foreign ers, Greeks, Poles, Frenchmen, and Russians. A proportion were of German descent, and ' about one of these also there is a story. The \ : recruiting officer eyed him. dubiously; he was a fine stamp of young Australian, but his name, had a suspiciously German sound., "What na tionality?" asked the officer. "Australian.". "And your father?" "He lived in Australia, too." "But his nationality?" The volunteer hesitated and hung his head Then he lifted -hp. "Well," he said, defiantly, "I suppose he was one of them Germans, but a bloke oughtn't to be blamed for what his father was!" The appli cant was enrolled. In New Zealand also it was decided to add a couple of thousand to the Ex peditionary Force, bringing it up to 8000. In both Australia and New Zealand enrolments in creased as more news from the front came through, and as the defence authorities per fected their arrangements. As soon as it was definitely decided to send a second contingent, the requirement of previous military service was relaxed, and the age limit raised slightly. The troops were grouped, both in Australia and New Zealand, on' a territorial basis, so that each unit represented a particular locality, and advantages in comradeship and cohesion were gained. The rates of pay were, with ra tions, for privates, 5s per day, within Aus tralia and 6s abroad.' But single men Were given the preference over married, and every married man who enlisted had to allot no less than two- thirds of his pay for his family's support. Most allotted more. Federal public servants who en listed drew military pay only, but the New South Wales Government made up to its men the difference between military pay and the sum that would have been received had the officer not enlisted. Instructions were given so far as possible to keep equivalent positions for all Stato or Federal employees, and a Federal scheme . of allowances was established for the wounded and the dependents of the killed. . The New South Wales Government arranged to waive the residence condition, as regards settlers 6n Crown land during their period of military service. The Commonwealth Clothing Factory worked at high pressure, and In the equipment of the first contingent used over 80,000 yards of ma terial, mainly khaki cloth. It was decided to send with the Australian forces a dozen motor transport waggons for the handling of camp supplies, and so on. Ample ' provision was made" in the way of field hospitals and ambu lances, and an X-ray motor unit was included. Meanwhile, the National Reserve, over GO per cent, of whose members had been accepted for service with the Expeditionary Force, was recruiting to fill its vacancies. The scheme of- raobilisation had assigned the efficient mem bers of the rifle clubs to the various military units, whose drill and parades they attended. This was apart from those rifle club members who bad joined either of the Expeditionary Forces. Also a number of non- commissioned officers and instructors were busy training members generally of the country clubs. But drilling and enrolment represented only one aspect of the national enthusiasm. For every man who enlisted there was more than one woman making garments for the Belgians or 'some kind of comforts for the troops. Pas- toralists offered sheep and horses, -farmers' organisations, gave their services in obtaining .fodder at first cost,, manufacturers offered to ' help in .the organisation of- supplies, munici pal councils here and there voted sums to wards the various States' patriotic funds, and when the probable illegality of such votes1 was pointed out exerted themselves to keep as niari y men as possible in employment, and con fined their orders for plant to British firms. Large sums were raised in response to ap peals for consignments., of food stuffs for Britain, and the gifts in kind to the Expedi tionary Forces included all sorts of things, from aeroplanes and carrier pigeons to band \- instruments, free dental treatment, and the preparation of wills. Practically the whole of the requirements of the first Expeditionary Force" in the way of riding horses were met in this way, and 200 of the horses came from one man, Mr. Sidney Kidman. The New Zealand farmers also, responded generously . to the de mand for horses and fodder, and for grain and meat to alleviate distress in- Britain. One of the most generous gifts came from the" Walter . - and Eliza Hall Trust in New South Wales, which offered- £10,000 lor the relief of dis tress, and in the same State the Dixon Trust contributed £5000 towards, a consignment' of - flour .and tinned or frozen meat for Britain. Large sums were raised at patriotic theatre matinees, motor-car and boat, owners offered them -to the military and naval authorities, and the St. John Ambulance Association placed . 1 . the whole of its organisation in "the hands of - the Defence Department. '. . Unemployment in Australia had riot been nearly so great as Was at first expected. It had been felt mainly at the large industrial \- centres, such, as Broken Hill, which contained a considerable population dependent upon ex port, mainly to Germany. Here 8000 or .9000 miners were thrown idle. The New South Wales Government, however, found whole or half time work for most of these, mainly on railway construction. There were about 14,000 unemployed in New. South Wales at this time, and throughout the half-time .(and half-pay) principle was adopted in order to absorb as . many hands as possible. .The Government had not the resources to pay full rates to all it found work for, and the half-time scheme was presumably adopted iri order that less might . be paid while normally maintaining ante-war rates. The reduced time plari was also adopted In some other States. In Victoria, the Public Works policy was carried on as. usual, and it was not ' found necessary to introduce the. half-time scheme. The other Australian States and the Federal and New- Zealand Governments also did their best to find work for all. And a general cainpaign was conducted against panic ' retrenchments, which here and there had dis-. missed hands, and, to some extent, restricted business in the early days of the war. Prices of foodstuffs had risen slightly, in New; Zealand and the Commonwealth and in both the Com monwealth and. the Dominion power was taken to investigate and regulate prices, and in re gard to some commodities maximum prices were fixed. A Federal Foodstuffs Board was established, and the export of wheat and flour to any place outside the United Kingdom and of meat outside the Imperial dominions, was prohibited — a prohibition which was. felt keen ly by .New. Zealand,-, which: 'had not enough wheat. It is interesting to note that New Zea land. got one direct benefit out of the war, at any rate; the British Government's require ments in the way- of khaki caused a great de mand for New Zealand scoured crossbred wools. II.— THE SEIZURE OF SAMOA. fpHE most important of Germany's possessions in the Pacific were the New Guinea protec torate and Samoa. By the end of the period - with which this volume deals, the first of . these had been captured for Britain, and the expedi tion which was to capture, the second was on its way. The following table gives some indication of the importance of the German Pacific, pos sessions: — " I .Area, I Population. . ISq. 111. ItVliite.lCoIrd. ' 1Uac' „ . ' ' I I 1 I £ . I JC tVilhelm! I i I ' 1 Land (German N". I |- | | - | Guinea) 1 73,500-... 2SO|lOD,CO3i20S,592|25S,lS4 liisinari-k Arcliipela-1? - -,| I - | | go ! 20,9001 gSail59,0031With li. W. L. Caroline Islands, a lull | | ; | | Pclcw and Mari-| | 1 | | , anne -Islands 1 0001 2C01 oO,OOOil3S.SSO;a85,S:V> f Marshall Islands ...| 150) 1701 15,0001 49,3501 S2,000 Solomon lslandsl | 1 . 1- i (Northern) I 4 ,200; (?) | (?) UV'itli K. W. L. : Samoa Islands ,| l,OiO| 540| 33,000|2ot, 2531232, 224 \- ' - | 98,7501 l,9SO630.00o|729.0a.-i;05S,55S The estimates . of the colored populations are only approximate. By no means ail the whites aro German; the latter number about 1300, in cluding officials. The trade of these posses- ' sions is lair. The- exports consist largely of copra, with some rubber and phosphates. The currency is in marks, but the British sovereign " is an acceptable coin. ' The New Zealand Expeditionary Force of over 1000 men, which took Samoa, left Well ington Harbor in two troopships on Saturday, August 15, and on the morning of August 29. the British flag was hoisted in Apia. The troop ships were met at sea by three British cruisers ; on the .New Zealand station, and Hater on by H.M.A.S/ Australia and a cruiser:. Since it was known that the armored cruisers Scharnhorst .and Gneisenau were .still at large in the Paci fic, it was decided nob to go direct to Samoa, but to shape a courfee for New Caledonia in stead. For the same reason, the ships steamed without - lights at night. At Noumea the ex pedition was received with the utmost enthusi asm. Artillery saluted them, the buildings flew Union Jack and tricolor, and when the troops landed oranges, leritons', cocoa nuts, -cho colates, biscuits- in paper bags, cigarettes, _to- bacco, postcards, . tricolor rosettes, and every little luxury that an hospitable people could suggest were heaped without stint on them. New Caledonia had been rather anxious, for she was not well supplied with news. ' The outbreak of war had caused a great sensa tion, and the defences of the island were at once put In order. Volunteers -were called for. Every person owning a gun and able to use it was asked to register his name, with the amount of ammunition at his disposal. There was a good deal of consternation at the news of . the invasion of France, but plenty of confidence in the strength of the. Allies, also much excite- ment" at the expedition's sudden arrival. On August 23 Rear-Admiral Patey, the Aus- > tralian warships, and a French cruiser joined the troopships, and a. week later came the jour ney's end. Possession of Samoa was taken quite \ quietly. According to Dr. Schulz, the German Governor, With his-high-ppwer wireless station he had tapped conversations b'etweeri the con- . voying ships,' knew of the coming of the Expedi tion, and never intended any resistance. At ariy rate, none -was attempted. A cruiser was sent ahead, and after she had swept the harbor for mines, she Went , in under a flag of truce and demanded surrender. The troops were land ed, streets, crossroads, bridges, and the Gov ernment offices picketed, a party sent off , to seize the wireless station, and the German flag hauled down. Next iriorning the troops were , drawn upon three sides of a square lacing the courthouse, the seat of thd new Gov'ernirierit, and in the presence of the native chiefs who had been specially invited, and a large crowd of residents of all colors, the British flag was solemnly hoisted. The capture was a consider able relief to the British residents, for the most extraordinary war romances had been spread by the German authorities. According to some of these bulletins German troops had landed in England and German dirigibles were flying over London, while no Russians "had crossed the Austro-German frontiers, and "the Kaiser was expected to reach Paris in a week. . This news caused a huge consumption of lager beer. At the same time, when the actual posi- tion became known, the German residents faced \it calmly ond bravely. ' It was only fitting that a New Zealand force should have taken Samoa, for ,if the- Imperial Governmerit had- backed' New Zealand's action the island would have been British thirty years earlier. That' was after Britain ajid Germany had mutually agreed, to respect .Samoa's inde pendence, ' and when the New: Zealand. Govern ment, finding that Germany was not abiding by the obligations imposed by this earlier "scrap "of paper," suggested British annexation. How ever, Lord Derby, who was. painfully anxipus to avoid raising any questions, that might> create friction with Germany, refused to support New Zealand in annexing Samoa, just as he refused . to support Queensland when Sir Thomas M'll- ' wraith's Government annexed New Guinea at about the same time. A period of rather tor tuous history followed, during which the Ger man and American Consuls did various things which their respective Governments refused to endorse, and there was a long war between two rival kings, Malietoa, who was supported more or less openly by British and American influence, and Mataaja, supported by the Ger mans. After a while, when the war died out, representatives of Britain, America, and Ger- . many again guaranteed Samoa's independence, and in 1899, when Britain had her hands full- with - the South African War, Lord -Salisbury entered into an agreement by -which Britain withdrew-from Samoa altogether, leaving Upoltf and Savaii and some smaller islands to Ger many, while Tutuila, with its fine harbor of Pago Pago, went to the Uriited States. Curiously enough, it was in the' same year ' that Germany ' pushed her way into Kiao-chau. But the most Important historical fact about Samoa is that Robert Louis Stevenson died there. ' III.— HIDE AND SEEK IN THE PACIFIC, rest of the story of the war in the Pacific during the firs't month or two is practically 'a story of a game of hide and seek. With so vast a field of operations as this and the Indian Otfean afforded, the six or seven German cruisers which were dodging about in them had . an enormous advantage over the British, Aus tralian, and Japanese, and even French arid - Russian, cruisers, which continually searched lor them: After a while' the number of search ers Increased until there was quite a small .fleet, but, on the other hand, their searches were a . good deal interfered with by the very neces sary work of convoying the Australian and New Zealand contingents, and of preventing possible raids. It is said that once a raid on a New Zealand port was only just prevented by the arrival . of Australian vessels. It soon became clear that the most elaborate ar rangements had been made for the coaling and other refitting of the German warships. They coaled, of course, from, captured vessels when they could, and also in neutral ports, at which, according to international usage, a belligerent vessel may stay 24 hours, and .take in coal enough to enable her to . reach the nearest port belonging to her own country. But they had, in addition," quitea fleet of col liers. They were also helped enormously, ""dur ing the early part of the war, by an excellent wireless service, with stations, some of . them very powerful, at Apia, at Nauru or Pleasant Island, at Rabaui in German New Guinea, and at Yap, in the Carolines, as well as at Kiao- chau. It- was not long, however, before British , or Australian vessels began to capture and dis- mantle these stations one by one, making the Genrian cruisers' task much harder. Just to show' the excellence of the German wireless ser vice, it may he mentioned that Britain's declara tion of war, announced in London only a little before midnight on August 4, was posted up in Nauru on August 6, and from there the news was probably sent on to German traders in the Marshalls and the Carolines. Nauru was at . once put under martial law, all firearms were seized, and the German residents formed into armed patrols, and the wireless station guarded by native police. Here, also, in the first few days of the war, an. unsuccessful attempt was made to capture the British steamer Messina: _ The Scharnhorst and Gneisenau started off 7ttell by coaling at Yap, from a Japanese ves sel, the day after war broke out between Britain and Germany. The Nurnberg was then not far off. The collier had been chartered early , in July by the German authorities at Tsing-tau, and its captain knew nothing ot . the war. The Scharnhorst and Gneisenau were 1 next heard of in the ' Dutch Indies. A- week later the Leipzic coaled at San Francisco, and in the middle of August a flc-et of Ge'rriian colliers came into Jaliiit in the Marshall Is lands, .after coaling some of the German war ships. Here, also, the island steamer Induria was captured early in the war. At the Caro lines, the Germans also succeeded in cutting off . a British steamer from which they got no thing but fresh water.. But a more important exploit was. the cutting of tile "All-Red" cable at Fanning Island by the Nurnberg, on Sep-, tember 8. The operator at the island -was just - able to -tick across the wires to New Zealand . the message that he could see' a three-funnel led cruiser in the distance, and that she was flying French colors, when the cable parted. A week previously the Nurnberg had coaled at Honolulu, whore she just missed capturing a British steamer. There were quite a number of narrow escapes by German and British ves sels, and a few British as well as a whole fleet of Germans collected for safety at the neu tral ports of Java, Manila, and Honolulu, which -Were, Indeed, the only ports of "refuge (except their own few island ports) for German vessels— east of Suez, that is, and until they reached the United States. The war made a considerable difference to European commerce in the East. At Singa pore all the tin mines had to close down, and the coolies whb -had worked them were skipped back to China at the rate of thousands every week. There- was a general exodus from here of Germans, arid also , of German ships, just before war broke out; the port had been a big centre for "German' shipping. Trade was had \- at Java, and at Manila there were fears of a coal and meat famine, owing to Britain's un willingness to allow importations, unless guar antees against re-export . were given." There was also a shipping famine, and merchants could not get their goods away. In Hongkong there was great .excitement, and there mar- . tial law was proclaimed three days before the actual declaration of >'ar. Banks and publio buildings were guarded, British subjects were called out to serve as soldiers or police, and guards were mounted with fixed bayonets at all banks and public buildings, the big mer- chants taking their share exactly as did their employees. Germans, of whom there were \- many in Hongkong, and who had a big hold o( business throughout the East, were in terned on a small island down the harbor. - whilst both entrances .were mined, and the strictest regulations enforced for the safety of the port. The Chinese were all excitement, many of them rushing off to. Canton with all they conld get together English sovereigns were at a premium, and the dollar value rose and tell in a most perplexing manner. One good thing, howeTer, the war brought to the Pacific— perfect friendliness between Eng-. lish and French .in the New Hebrides. At. Vila, the capital, English and French resi dents and officials buried .the hatchet over their Condomlnimum differences, ' and entered - into a brotherly alliance, in which both sides agreed whole-heartedly in their condemnation of the common enemy. At one demonstration the Frenchmen are said to have bought up all the lager beer in the town, knocked the necks of the . bottles, and allowed the beer to run . . into the gutters,. IV.— JAPAN JOINS IN. IX their policing of the Pacific and in other ways, the Allies were backed up solidly by Japan. She came into the war on August 23. and by the end of the first week of September she was well on with the siege of Tsing-tail. This was . the' port and " capital of Klao- chau, the' great slice of territory which Germany . forcibly acquired from China in the form of a 99-year leasehold in 1S9S. Japan, however, defl- /nitely "undertook" to hand Kiao-chau back to China "eventually," and not to conduct military operations outside Japanese waters — an under- . taking- which gave considerable relier to the "United States. As early as the end of July, there had been a good deal of speculation, as to what would he Japan's attitude in the event of a: general war, end some apprehension was felt in China, as well as among the Germans of Kiao-chau. The Japanese Charge d' Affaires at Pekin declared, . however, that Japan would not interfere with China, except in the eTent of an anti-foreign , rising. On August I the Japanese Ambassador in London declared that though he did not ex pect trouble in the Far East, if if came Japan would act in accordance with the spirit of her alliance with Britain. Cn thai day or the next, the German Far Eastern Squadron concentrated on Tsing-tau. Troops were hurried there, a .state of martial law was proclaimed, and Brit ish and other foreigners were ordered to leave. All this, it must be remembered, was while Germany- and Britain were at peace.- On the day after war broke out, the Japanese Foreign Office issued a statement hoping "that the war will not extend, and that Japan will he able to maintain an attitude of strict neutrality," but asserting that "in the event of Great Britain becoming involved, the terms of the Japanese Alliance will be affected, and Japan will take the necessary measures to discharge' her obligations under the treaty." On August 16\. after consultation with the British Govern ment. this was followed by an ultimatum to Germany. Here is the full text: — We consider It highly important and neces sary in the-present situation to take measures to remove the causes of all disturbance or the peace in the Far East and to safeguard general interests as contemplated in the agreement of ! alliance between Japan and Great Britain. In ! order to secure firm and enduring peace in Eas- j tern Asia the establishment of which is the I aim of the said agreement," the Imperial Japa nese Government sincerely believe it to be its duty to give advice to thr Imperial German Government io carry .out"" the following two propositions: — (1) To withdraw Immediately from Japanese and Chinese waters the German men-of-war and armed vessels of all kinds, and to dis arm at once those which cannot be with drawn. " 12.1 To deliver on a date not later than Sep tember 13 to the Imperial Japanese authori ties, without condition or compensation, the entire leased territory of Kiao-chau. with a view to the eventual restoration of the same to China. j This politest of documents concluded with 1 the notification that if the advice offered was | not taken by noon of August 23 '.'Japan will ! be compelled to take such action as it may ! deem necessary to meet the situation.". To put j the thing more crudely, Germany was given a week's notice to-quit.' Under the Anglo-Japan- | ese Alliance, made in 1&92, and renewed in 1905 j and 1011, the British and Japanese Governments had agreed that, "if, by reason of unprovoked j attack or aggressive action, wherever arising, i on the part of any Power, or Powers; either High Contracting Party should be involved in war in defence of its territorial rights or spe cial interests mentioned in the preamble of tills agreement, the other High Contracting Party will at once come to the assistance of Its ally, and will conduct the war in common, ' and make peace in mutual agreement with it." The "special interests mentioned in the pre amble" were- declared to be the maintenance of the independence and territorial integrity of China. It is interesting to notice that, to avoid the risk of delay or miscarriage through cable -dif ficulties, Japan communicated with Germany through the United States. She explained at the same time that Germany, since the begin ning of hostilities, had been strengthening the fortification at Kio-chau, even forcing Chinese coolies to share in the work. The German Far Eastern Squadron was making Incessant appear- i anccs in Japanese and Chinese waters, threat- j ening and interfering with British shipping, ' and, therefore. Great Britain's commercial in- j terests with Japan. Vessels were frequently dc- ; talned, and the cargoes in some instances con- ! fiscated. The possession of such a strong base as Kiao-chau enabled Germany to aet in this manner. Therefore, in order to restore peace in far eastern waters, it was necessary that Germany should be shut out of the East, and Kiao-chau restored to China. Japan also gave her asscrauce that the interests of America and ail Powers conoemcd in maintaining the status quo in the Far East would be safe guarded. The ultimatum was considered at , Washington a very grave development, since it. brought a great Oriental military Power within the range of a conflict confined hitherto to Europe. And in some quarters fear was ex pressed that Japan might not only retain Kiao- chau when she had taken it, but seize German Samoa, a possession of strategic Importance in connection with the Panama Canal. But the j United States Government declared itself satis fied with Japan's promise to eventually restore Klao-chau to China, and appealed to the self- control of the American people. Japan also undertook (according to the London Official Press Bureau) that her action should not extend, beyond the .China Sea, or to any non-German territory on the Continent or in Eastern Asia, Any German influence in China was to be elim inated, but German residents in Japan were promised security for themselves and their pro perty. A few days jater it was reported that Waehington had received, without comment, a statement from Germany that the Kaiser meant to hand Kiao-chau hack to China at once. Cn August 23, having received no answer to their ultimatum, the Japanese Government declared war on Germany. They ejected Germans from Mukden, Chang- chun, and Dalny. and began to bombard Kiao-chau, which bad been hurriedly preparing for resistance. It was expected in Japanese official circles that the siege of Tsing- tau would- last three months. Meanwhile, the German squadron had disappeared into the Pacific, while the Austrian protected cruiser Kaiserin Elizabeth, a vessel -of 4060 tons, armc.d with eight 6In. guns? which was then lying. in Kiao-chau harbor, in compliance with orders from her .Government, -disarmed and sent her crews oft to Tien-tain. V.-THE SIEGE OE TSING-TAU. -XTTAO-CHAU BAY is about 300 miles north of . -"r Shanghai, and the German territory consists . of a large area running back from the north head of the bay, and a Emaller area running hack from its south head. Near the north | head is the capital, Tsing-tao, which Admiral von Tirpitz, who surveyed it in 1897, considered the finest harbor and best strategical base in the China Seas. It was in that year that Ger many acquired it. The opportune murder of _ two German missionaries by a mob of Chinese " gave Germany an opportunity to send a couple \- of cruisers to Kiao-chau harbor with a de mand for satisfaction, and the country, looked so promising that In the following year, she ordered- the Chinese Government to sign a lease of the place for 99 years, intimating that unless that was done she "would take action." The wretched Manchu Emperor knew what that meant well enough, so he signed the paper, ! and -a German Governor was forthwith- de- spatched to Tsing-tao. In addition to the ac tual protectorate, for it was afterwards pro claimed a - protectorate- of Kiao-chau. which - covers ahout 200 square "miles, . the Germans had acquired a concession, -720O miles long by . 60 miles wide, running -back to the ancient city of Tsinan, the capital of the province of Shantung, in which this territory lies. And through this concession they had built a strate gic railway from Tsing-tau to Tsinan. This railway also taps some valuable - coalfields, of which the Germans have made full use. The ' Chinese never forgave the seizing of the ter ritory and the building of the railway. How ever, under German energy, out of a little fishing 'village,' at Tsing-tao,'. a thriving com mercial city grew up, with beautiful gardens, fine roads, a German high school, which Chin ese students were encouraged to attend, and hotels, warehouses, banks, and even a news paper. Tsing-tau was indeed one of the most popular summer resorts on the China coast, and its beach was said to compare favorably i with Manly's. Kiao- chau was specifically a naval colony, administered by the Naval De partment, and. in the 17 years during" which Germany held possession she had spent enor mous sums on docks; ship-building yards; and strong and up-to-date land and sea fortifica tions. - The .dockyard contained "a floating dock, said to be. able to. lift ships of, 16,000 tons, a 150-ton crane, .and complete' plant for carry ing out all sorts of repairs; the Scharnhorst was reboilcred and overhauled in'it "not long ago. . There .was an ordnance shop, with a large reserve of guns; an aviation station, a marine depot, and a long range wireless sta tion, and' a large new ironworks was due to be opened early in August. A large number of German reservists, living in the East had gathered in the colony directly war was de clared, and the garrison was put down at from seven thousand to ten thousand men. The blockade of Tsing-tau, the town of Kiao- chau, was. begun on' August 2. The Allied fleet, which included English and Russian gun boats, was commanded by -Vice-Admiral Sada-. kici Kato, Commander-in-Chief of the Second Squadron, who reached the outside of the bay on the morning of August 2C. A naval oflicer, Meyer, was in command of the forts. He refused to negotiate, and a blockade of the whole of the German territory was declared. Vico-Admiral Kato's declaration gave the ships of neutral or friendly countries 24 hours' time to leave. Early I in September the Chinese Government declared that it could not hold itself responsible for the obligations of strict neutrality at such points as were absolutely nc- cessary for the passage and use of the attacking or defending forces. As a matter ot fact, China had not troops enough to oppose such passage, and, in any case,, it was pointed out, in reply to German protests, that if China should have opposed the Allies landing she should also have tried to turn the Germans out of Tsing-tau, because, though leased, it was still Chinese territory, so that the Germans had no right to make mili tary preparations in it. Moreover, the Germans had, since the beginning of the war, made the fullest use of China's railways and other mr.-?ns . of transport to carry food and munitions/to Tsing-tau. At any rate, the Allies landed on the Shantung Peninsula on September 2, though violent -rainstorms, followed by floods, inter fered considerably with their movements. They also continued their bombardment from the sea side, occupied several islands in the neighbor hood, removed over a thousand floating mines, and dropped bombs from seaplanes over Tsing- tau. But, although as time went on, the whole region was invested, it was never isolated, by« reason of its wireless connection with neutral Powers, and the Germans made a tremendous use of Chinese spies. By the end ot the period now dealt with, Tsing-tau was almost isolated, and the Germans were said to be making frantic efforts to add to their stores of provisions, some lines of which were running short. All this, time a campaign against the Allies was being carried out by German agents in China. According to the Pekin correspondent of the "North China Daily News." a nro-German feel ing existed among a number of the Chinese army officers, parti', uo doubt, owing to the fact that some of them had been trained In- Germany, and it was said that even some mem bers of the Chinese Ministry were pro-German. But China had sense enough, in spite of lies and agitators, to take no step against any of the Allies. VI.— THE POSITION IN CANADA. q-VHE enthusiasm of the other parts of the Em- pire was not behind Australia's. After the first burst of patriotic enthusiasm a more sober, but none the less earnest, spirit began to be manifest in Canada. People realised more . clearly that they were not merely "called upon to help England; but that even their own in dependence and existence were threatened. .For a year trade in Canada/following a long periofl ' of buoyant prosperity, had not" been good; now speculative activity was; paralysed, and enter- " prise, public and prlvate.'bad received, a check. : though some manufacturers' benefited by the decline in imports from Europe. But, in spite of these things— perhaps,1 -in part because - of them— there was everywhere I manifest a stern deterinination . to bear In the great war a worthy part. In the first Cana dian Army Division there was a considerable proportion of English, Scottish, and .Irish born men; but day by day young Canadians/who at first had bad no thought of enlisting, came for ward and offered their services. There were, too, gratifying evidences of sympathy with Brit- oin on the part of Americans in Canada. Ameri cans in Toronto (there are about 30,000 of them) raised a fund of 30,000 doilars for the depen dents of Canadians who went abroad In the service of the Empire; and in the west there were other proofs of American approval of the action of the Government In sending contin gents and supplies to aid the British Army. Montreal during August arranged to place 7,300,000 dollars worth of 40-year, 4% per cent, bonds in New York at 96 net, and this was a great convenience in view of the difficulties of placing such a loan in London at such a time. An extraordinary session of the Dominion Par liament was opened towards the end of August, and Sir Richard Borden immediately asked for a special war vote of £10,000,000. Increased duties on coffee, sugar, spirits, cigars, and to bacco (estimated to produce £1,400,000) were also proposed. It was announced at this time that othe term of the Duke or Connaught as Governor-General of Canada had been extended- to the end 'of the war. A hill enlarging the currency and enabling the banks to Issue a larger number of notes against" gold was passed; and the Government gave itself power to take over . the country's food supplies if necessary and keep dbwn prices. Vigorous pro vision was made by. the provincial governments to deal with unemployment In the different pro vinces; public works were kept going, and every effprt was made to secure the continuance of thb country's normal business. Sir George Fos ter, Canadian Minister for Trade and Commerce. - issued an appeal to manufacturers -to capture all possible German oversea trade. It was generally understood to be the intention of the Dominion Government to continue recruiting, if need be, till an army of 100,000 had been raised. - Col. Hughes, Minister for Defence, announced early in September that it was proposed in the militia - to train 1,000,000 Canadians lo shoot \- straight;" that a force of at least 300,000 would be placed on a war basis throughout the Do minion, and that, despite any losses, the Cana dian troops would be kept continually at full \- strength. ' The Parliament of Newfoundland passed a bill providing for the- raising of a regiment for Imperial service; an Order-in- Council was made authorising the organisation ' of an Irish regiment in Montreal, and there was great enthusiasm over the fitting out (through the generosjty of the Montreal millionaire, Mr. ' Hamilton Gaull) of. Princess Patricia's Light In fantry Regiment, composed exclusively of Cana- " dian veterans of the South African War. VII.— OPERATIONS IN AFRICA. "RY the beginning of the second month of the war- there were areas of fighting scattered all oyer Africa. The raid from German South west Africa down into Cape Colony had begun, and preparations were being made to drive the raiding force hack, and invade its country. Biit there were no signs, as yet, of any disaffec tion within the Union itself. Within a week of the outbreak of war the - Germans had evacuated . Swakopmund, a settle ment and small wireless station not far. north of Walfiseh Bay, and also Luderitzbucht, where there was another small wireless station, and \- retired to Windhoek, the capital of .German- South-west Africa, about 150 miles inland. At Windhoek there was another wireless station, hut far more powerful, and which indeed was said to have exchanged messages with Nauea, near Berlin, 6000 miles away. Supplies of rifles, ammunition, and big guns had been imported, and somewhere about the time of the evacua tion of the two seaports a force left Windhoek for-. British Xamaqualand, the northernmost part of the Cape Province,.just the other side of the Orange River. The Germans had the idea, it seems of arming Boer farmers who . had crossed over into German territory after the South African war, and probably some also south of the Orange River. They believed that such men would give their raiding expedition considerable support. They may, therefore, have | expected, though the expedition numbered only i about 2000, to be able lo do some damage lo I the Union, especially in the way of stirring j up the disafic-ctcd, who they believed to be so numerous. As a matter of fact, the raid aroused 1 a feeling of strong resentment, even amongst many of those whose active sympathy had been hoped for. Indeed, some of the Boer settlers nortli of the Oratige River resisted the raiders in their own territory. Meanwhile all classes in the Union were join ing in the .war preparations. Labor people formed a legion for service, if needed, and the Durban Chamber of Commerce carried a mo tion of regret" that hitherto South Africa had not given, much support to the British Navy, and urging special taxation towards its upkeep. The exiled strike leaders were given permis sion to return, and Poutsraa, one of them who had just reached London after a visit to Hol land and Germany, urged all Socialists to fight for Britain, democracy, and civilisation. He declared that it. was hard for Dutch soldiers to refrain from attacking the Germans when they heard of the outrages in Belgium. South Africans in London, started a movement to offer the Imperial Government a completely- equipped contingent of 500, with maxims, motor, detachments, and .aeroplanes. Loyalty to the Union was urged and expressed everywhere by ; all but a few. i Close and harmonious consultations be tween the Imperial and the Union Govern ments had gone .on since the war broke out, and at the end of the first week in September, when the Union Parliament met. General Botha made an c-loquent appeal to all parties, and carried a motion affirming the righteousness of the war and the desirability of the Union's co operation in it. Britain, he explained, had I informed tile South African Government that j certain war operations in German South-west I Africa were considered to be of strategic im- ! portance, and that if the Union could- under- I take these operations it would be doing great. I service to Ibe Empire. The Government, after J careful consideration, had decided to comply I with the request in the interests of South 1 Africa as well as of the Empire. There were many who did not recognise the tremendous J seriousness and great possibilities of this war, | and some thought that the storm did not threa- ; ten South' Africa. This was a most narrow- | minded conception. The E.mpire was at war; 1 consequently South Africa was at war with i the common enemy. It was abundantly clear : that Britain did not want war, but tbat.it had ! bec-n forced upon her. They must realise that | South Africa's future was being decided on. the 1 ' battlefields of Europe." He appealed to South ! Africans to .be .tolerant with each other. No j one could. blame the Dutch South African who . did not feel exactly as the. British South Afrt- j can fcit; but it did not follow that Dutch South ; Africans were disloyal. -There was. no qucs,- ! tion of disloyalty; Although there might be j many who in the past had been hostile to wards the British flag, he could vouch for it that they would 10 times rather be under the British flag than under the German flag. Great confidence had been reposed in the people of South Africa. They had received a Constitu- " tion under which they could create a great nationality. Great Britain had given them this Constitution, and ever since had regarded them as a free people and as a sister State. The leader of the Opposition spoke In support; the Labor leader urged that an expedition should be sent to help the Allies at the front; and, though General Hertzog moved an adjournment, he was beaten by a large majority. The Go vernment's programme for the session was con fined to four emergency measures — one sanc tioning loan expenditure for military pur poses, a second authorising the extension of the railwav to the German border, work on which had been begun some time ago, a third giving the Government special powers in caso of necessity to declare a moratorium and regu- ' late food supplies, and a fourth authorising the expansion of the note issue under due safe guards. Meanwhile the Union's financial posi tion had been considerably strengthened by . Britain's offer of a £7,000,000 loan. British military operations in Africa began quite early in August with a raid by two cruisers on the German East African sea-port and military station of Dar-es- Salaam. The cruisers opened fire on the town, which surrendered almost at' once, after sinking its floating dock and blowing up its wireless sta tion. Three German mallboats in the harbor were captured, and their wireless installations rendered useless. About the same time British troops from the Gold CoaBt seized Lome, the capital and chief port of German Togoland, just next door to them on the east, destroying a wireless station- and capturing two trains and a number ot prisoners. It was explained that there would be no interference with trade and private in terests. Further east there was fighting be tween British Nigeria and the German Came- roons; and south-east, in the French and' Bel gian Congo. Still further south, in Xyassaland (British Central Africa), the capture of a Ger man Government steamer on Lake Nyassa was followed by several raids from German East Africa, just across the north- eastern border. In the meantime German East Africans had been raiding British East -Africa, across their north-eastern border, and a British patrol cap tured two Germans, who were trying to dyna mite the. Mombasa-Nairobi railway line. Mom basa is a British East African seaport, and Nai- \- robi is about 300 miles inland. Later in Sep tember more .fighting hereabouts was to follow. Meantime Portugal had decided to send a couple of thousand men to Portuguese East Africa, with a view, perhap3, to the subsequent declaration to support the Allies. VIII.— INDIA'S TROOPS IN. VT'HE despatch of the Indian troops to the front j was kept as secret as that of the British . I Expeditionary Force. For a long while. no- j thing was known for certain about cither, and the most absurd rumors spread. But in the I first week of September Lord . Hardinge an- ! nounced that it was no longer a secret that India had sent to Europe two divisions of in- ! fantry and one cavalry brigade, while three | more cavalry brigades would immediately fol- ; low. "That we- have been in a position to send . j over 70,000 combatants to fight for the Em- ! pire,""' he said, "is a source of pride and satis- j faction to India as a whole, and with the know- _ j ledge that practically all the Ruling Chiefs j have placed their military forces and the. re- i sources of their States at the disposal of the Government, it is clear that we are not at the - I end of our military resources." The Indian Government also decided to contribute £1,000,000 towards the cost of sending the force, besides providing for the defence of India and supply ing the deficiencies in the Indian Budget that were caused inevitably by, the war. An addi tional 50 lakhs of rupees, contributed by the Maharajah of Mysore was .applied towards the j cost of transport ships. IN.— OPINION IN THE UNITED STATES. Comparison of the British and German White Books and news of the invaders' brutalities in Belgium did the Austro-German cause no good in the United States. Commenting on Germany's callous disavowal of treaties, the "New York 1 World" remarked: — "For one hundred years a scrap of paper preserved peace along the Cana dian-American frontiers.' Respect - for these scraps of paper is the measure of a nation's honor, not less than its freedom. At the final reckoning ilie scrap of paper which Germany disregarded will prove more powerful than the Kaiser's great military machine." At the same time, the .influence of the German-Americans was powerful, and was, with that of the Ger man Ambassador and Consuls, exercised quite unscrupulous!'. The extraordinary pro-German . inventions given out from these sources seem . to haYe spread a good deal in the western States, among whose more scattered popula tions authoritative contradiction was some- ; times difficult. The London "Times" printed a fac-simile representation of part of an Ameri can backblocks newspaper, which contained an . interesting but rather remarkable letter from . "the assistant editor, of the London 'Times,' " ; who expressed in it a fear that Britain had : "backed the wrong horse." "The Times" ex- . plained in a footnote that it did not know the gentleman whose name was given, and that ho - had certainly no connection with it. Un fortunately this sort of thing was often be- - lieved. However, the unintentional humor of some of the utterances of the Kaiser and his Chancellor were too much for most people, and the attempt by German- American professors . and others to make out that the war was realiy . a life .and death struggle between the Teuton I and the Slav does not seem to have made any ' very-deep impression. There was, however, as j has been stated before, a great, deal of anxiety : and. some "resentment at Japan's intervention in the war, which was only partly satisfied by her | declaration that she would confine herself to : her. own waters. Feeling of this ltind was, of , course, encouraged by Count Bcrnstorff as vigorously as possible. And all the while " ' efforts were made to propitiate the United : j States by favorable treatment of her citizens iu - I Germany. Also, stories ot German outrages : 1 told by returned American citizens of uudoubt- id honesty were to some extent balanced by a . message from five w.ell-known Americnn jour- ; nnlists, denying German cruelties in the field, and stating that they were unable to confirm the rumors of the maltreatment ot prisoners and non- combatants at Louvain and other < . places. But the dropping of bombs upon cities ! and the destruction of certain monuments . I could not be denied, and a discreditable at- j tempt by Count Bernstorff to involve the United | States over a question of neutrality did his i cause-.no good. j Meanwhile there had been a renewal of con fidence In financial circles, though prices of -foodstuffs were still high, and trade conditions 1 : far from normal. Cn September. 3 values in the ,j . Chicago", ; wheat .market touched the highest j point since the beginning of the war. A Fcde- 1 ral Grand Jury indicted 32 persons for arti ficially raising food prices, and it was proposed to impose "war taxation to raise £20,000,000 an nually. On September 2 the opportunity, was taken of providing additional security for the . Panama Canal by signing a treaty -with the State of Panama under which the. United States gained control of the waters of the harbors of Colon and Ancon, in return for a tract of fer tile land which gave the capital connection with the rest of the country. 