How the World Wags World's Biggest Thermometer. ~ The Eiffel Tower, which not long ago ? celebrated its 25th birthday, has of late years become extremely useful to scientists. Its suitability for measuring variations of atmospheric pressure have enabled it to be utilised as a kind of barometer, while alter ations in its height, according as the tem perature vises ox falls, have made it the most stupendous thermometer in the world. 'These variations in size have been carefully measured by M. Guillaume, and show sur prising aitd remarkable responses to the in terposition of clouds, sudden bursts of sun shine, or the cooling effect of showers oi: rain. Tn addition, it is now connected with the Paris observatory, and from its summit 'Greenwich mean time is wirelessly sent out twice every day for the benefit mainly of mariners, who are thus enabled to check the going of their chronometers, on the accur acy of which depends the ascertainment of a vessel's position in the trackless oceans. -i ? ? . fi Echo of Irish Famine. A sad echo of the Irish famine comes fram Montreal. In digging the foundations of a high house in that city, the workmen brought to light 12 human skeletons. In quiries showed that they were amongst th'e victims of the Trish famine who were stric ken with fever on the emigrant ship when Hying frcm Tmnger in Ireland in 1848. The. property where the remains were found be longed formerly to the Seminary of Saint Sulpice, which had here a cemetery which extended to the vicinity of the Church of Notre Dame.' The workmen dug to a depth of five or six yards when the remains were found. The remains have been collected, and are enclosed in a vault of bricks and cement. ? * . ? Bankers, but not Printers. An attempt was made in the Illinois State Penitentiary to start a newspaper for the benefit of the convicts, and an ex banker was selected as the editor; but when it came to finding printers there was not one printer in the prison. In Columbus, Ohio, a similar condition existed, and a roll of the convicts disclosed 51 bankers, and not a printer. To reform the bankers it was- proposed to make printers of them. ? ? ? '» A Reminder to San Francisco. It has just occurred to one or two writers to remind San Francisco of its dedication. The name, in fact, was rashly given at the outset, as were the names of all the places on the Pacific coast at which the Spaniards, feeling their way northwards, first landed. The old Pacific capital, for instance, was named Monterey, in honour of the festival of the Kings — the Epiphany — on which the Spanish discovered its harbour. The island of Oatalina, much further south, was dedi cated to St. Catharine, and the great fruit growing valley of San Jose to St. Joseph. Small memory indeed of such consecrations remains in these places under American rul ers, and, especially, American proprietors. San Fraifcisco is assuredly less full of evil than greater cities, because they are great er; but the extraordinary mingling of races — those that arrive from the East, and those that drift in from the West — has given a character of variety and also a character of corruption to. morals as well as to politics there. Nevertheless, that city of many na tions and many colours of men, where In dian, Chinaman, negro, Filipino, Japanese, Malay, throng with the Europeans, from Greek to Icelander, in tlu new streets is , by a great sec tion of its inhabitants conspicuously Ca tholic. For Ireland brought the faith there, and in the Franciscan mission-churches the German friars, after the congregation has left, sing together the German hymns which Bach introduced into his Passion-music. The Angelus is rung from so many churches within the round of the hills that the whole violent, ambitious, luxurious, hospitable and brilliant city, seems to live under a wide spread benediction. * ? ? « Distinguished Catholic Lady Doctor. The 'Mail and Empire' of Toronto re cently published the following from its car respondent in London: 'Dr. Agatha Doh erty, who was mentioned last week as hav ing been presented at Court, is a fortunate girl. She is not only young, and of good appearance, but the fairies at her birth gavo her ability. To the great credit of the lady herself, and to the honour of Canada, she has .just been appointed senior ' housesur geon to the new Hospital for Women hi London. On Dominion Day she began her arduous duties, and all Canadians who read this will wish their/young countrywoman hick. She is, by the way, a Loreto Abbey girl, and a Toronto University M.B. Miss Doherty was one of the Canadians present at the Anglo-American Peace Centenary Ball.' Miss Doherty is of Canadian birth, but her name indicates that her family tree lias its roots in the Green Isle. Germany's Population. Some interesting particulars regarding the population of the German Empire are given in 'The German Year-Book, 1914,' edited by H. A. Walter, and just published by the Anglo-German Publishing Company (4s 6d net). The German Empire in Eu rope covers' an. area of 208,777 square miles. The population of the Empire is now abour G8.000,000. Its growth has been continuous during the last .century, particularly since the foundation of the new Empire in 1871. At. present it increases at the rate of ovv^r S00,000 per year, due mainly to the surplus of births over deaths,- and to a small extent; to immigration from neighbouring countries. The emigration of Germans into foreign countries is much smaller than the emigra tion from England, but there is nevertheless a large number in every ha'bitable part of the globe. ? ? ? ? ? Foreign Immigrants. All European as well as oversea countries have a more or less large German popula tion, running very often into six figures. The aggregate number of Germans in the ?world in the current year, as Tar as can bo estimated, reaches 100 millions. Large num ber^ of foreigners live in Germany. Anstri ans* Hungarians, Poles, 'Russians, ' Italians, Dutch, French and Danish to a large extent settle permanently in Germany because op portunities are greater there than in their jiative countries. The foreign population proper in Germany amounted at the census of 10'] 0 to 1.259,873. More than 50 per cent, were of Austrian nationality (034,983) ; Dutchmen came next, with 144,175; follow ed by Russians (137,697), and Italians (104,204). Of British nationality there were 18,319 people, as against. 16,i:S0 in 1900\. The great number of these foreigners ore unskilled labourers. » ♦ ? ? Growth of the Towns. Like all other great nations of to-day. Germany has become a nation of towndwell ers- Almost three-fifths of the population live under urban conditions. The number of people engaged in agricultural pursuits has remained stationary since the begin ning of the last century, while all incrcaso of population during the last- 50. years -has gone to swell the town population. Wnen tho Empire was founded in 1871 there were 0'ily eight towns with a population of over 100,000 inhabitants; whereas, the number at such towns in 1913 was 1150. Towns with over 500,000 inhabitants in 1910 won1: Berlin, 2.071,257; Hamburg, 931,035; Mu nich. 596,467; Leipzig, 589,850; Dresden, 548,308; Cologne, 516,527; and Breslau, 512,105. ? ? ? ? French Inconsistency. The French Government now and again exhibits the strangest inconsistency in its treatment of the religious Orders, writes an English exchange. It is presently engaged in closing up more convents, and while at home hunting out more of the nuns, abroad it is paying them honours. Wo read in a re cent, issue of. the ''Catholic News,' Part of Spain. Trinidad, a groat account of the presentation of a gold medal by the French Government to Mother Thomas of the An gels (Marie Xigay), Prioress of the Cocorito Asylum for Lepers, as a mark of the Gov ernment's sense of th * devatedness tlio vou t.rable nun has shown in her care of the most afflicted of humanity for so many years of her lifetime. The occasion was one to try the good Prioress' humility, for there was a great1 display — his Excellcncv Sir G. R. L« Hunte, G.C.M.G., the English Governor, being present, as well as the French Consul, the English Secretary for the Colony, and a number of dignitaries, clerical and lay. The gold medal was pre sented by the French Consul, who delivered a beautiful' and most appropriate address instinct, with the spirit of France, Eldest Daughter of thp Church, not France, the sport and toy of 'Masonic sectarians. ? # » ♦ The Swiss Navy. Americans have had a good laugh at their President on account of his official invitn tion to' the Swiss navy to participate in the pageant in celebration of. the opening of the Panama Canal next year. It is explain ed that the responsibility for the blunder rc'a with the Secretary for the Navy. Mr. Daniels. The law authorising the President (/^' the United States to invite the other nations to -participate in the celebration provide/1 hat tho celebration omsaT mhLr provided that the President was to invitf foreign nations to send 'naval vessels or representatives.' and the sea lawvers of the. Navy Department, interpreted this to mean that the nations that had no navies were to send officials. Hence the invitation to Switzerland and other navyless nations; but it was one of those things that ought to have been expressed differently. 