IMMIGRATION LAPSES CAMPAIGN SUSPENDED (FROM OUH LONDON OFFICE.) 92 Fleet Street, August G. Tlie outbreak of war has led to the sudden and complete stoppage of the desputeh of emigrants for Victoria and New South Wales, and also tho tem porary suspension of the emigration campaign which the Emigration Office In London lias been carrying on under the direction of tho -Superintendent and Assistant Superintendent for Emigra tion for tho two States named. Those officers had arranged for the despatelt of about 1500 emigrants by the Norseman and Port Macquarie this month, three-fourths of tho total num ber being for Victoria. Tho shipping companies, however, notified tho Emi gration , Department that while Eng land was in a "state of war" with Ger many they would bo unable to guaran tee sailing on tlie dates .contracted for, nor indeed would they bo able to send these or any other vessels to Australia while the war lasted. Under these cir cumstances it was mutually agfeed to cancel' the two sailing In question and to notify tho Intending emigrants of the fact. - Curiously enough, fnost of tho intend ing emigrants wcro disappointed, and a very largo proportion of them wore anxious to know if . they might travel by some later boat 1C one should bo go ing later on In the year. - Furthermore, there seems to be no slacking In the applications for Information as to terms of passage rates and conditions of'em- ' ployment in Victoria and New South Wales, while many moro men than usual are asking to be listed as passen gers by the first available steamer. DOG RESCUED IN ATLANTIC IS . FAITHFUL TO CAPTAIN On board tho German cargo steamer Wlldenfels, which left for Sydney yes terday, is a powerful-looking block dog named Jack. Twelve months ago, when in mid-Atlantic Captain Provost res cued the -crew of a Danish collier and landed them, at Lisbon. Tho dog wus also rescued; and has formed a strong attachment to Captain: Provost. When the captain takes his watch on the bridge tho dog is always by his side, and at night when ho si oops the dog kcepB watch outside -his ;cabln door. While the steamer -was In port the cap tain- had business to transact - in Mel bourne,- but,: dn account of the' quaran tine -regulations the dog was not allowed to accompany him: When -the captain left the steamer each day the dog mado -fran-tio efforts to climb down the lad- dor to follow his master, and fretted all the 'time he was away. 