The Emigration Question. REPORT OF DOMI^rONS COM MISSION * - The report issued by the Dominions Commission states that toe Commis sioners were, deeply impressed torongh. out (Australia toy tne desire of all classes to deal -with the British Empiiv} rather than, -witli foreign nations, not | only by tariff preference, tut a clear and distinct preference 'based upon the sentiment of patriotism. Discussing the question of emigra tion, the report states that labor-saving machinery is much more used in agri culture in Australia and Ke'W Zealand than in Europe. Corojjanaons showed that the proportion of the population engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits was smaller than in the United States and many European countries, and the town population was excessive. The mother country was already de pendent upon countries oversea for a considerable proportion of the necessary ifood and raw material, and the Com mission was impressed with the desir ability of as large apportion as pos sible of the Dominions bemg occupied hy a population which would assist in the development of the primary re sources. The best ag« for immigrants was from 16 to 24 years. Ai towa bred youth often found his feet quicker in the new environment than a vustic. The requirements of Australia and New Zealand had "been largely fulfilled, by well-disposed youths whom the environ ment in the United Kingdom had forced to a 'Mind alley of employments and youths from the industrial schools. The Commission found no evidence that ouly those who followed agriculture in tf® old country could "become successful agriculturists in the new. There was a strong undercurrent of opposition in Australia and New Zealand to emigra tion, principally among the urban wage earners and artisans, who regarded im migration as likely to increase compe tition in the skilled labor market, but the Commission 'believed that the hos tility arose' mainly from the present de fects in the immigration system. Discussing the question of female immigration, the report stated that the surplus in Great Britain was mainly, in the residential 'towns, and consisted principally of elaerly ladies and women servants. The first Were not possible emigrants, ana servants could ill be spared, as the ranks of female domestics were aepleted by the demands of com merce ana industry in the United King doiri as compared with 20 »yeart ago. It is intended ta deal "with this maitsi at greater detail m the final report Dealing with the difficulty of £arn:ly emigration, the Commissioners state &M; parents are. often too old to .settle com; fortaljly, and' a man "was templed to establish himself prematurely a? a farm owner or tenant Beady-made farms ■were non-existent In any large extent/ bu'/ farming on the share, system was extending1 in 'Australia, and .was highly commendable. The organisation of family" emigration would entail con siderable public expense before an ideal system was reachc<L The report re commends the fuller use tof the methods adopted at Kttown, in New South Wales, which was a.n admirable insti tution. It. was undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to interested passage agents. There existed a -widespread feeling, which the Oomlmission con sidered justifiable, lliat misrepresenta tion was common enough, and in cases amounted to actual .fraud., The pos sibility of making greater u$e of the British Labor Exchange deserved close attention, particularly in connection with juvenile emigration. The Commission recommends greater co-operation1 ttefcween the Home and Australian Governments regarding the migration or discharged Indian soldiera, many of whom are willing to go to Aus tralia and New Zealand, but found a difficulty, though they were already accustomed to a climate more trying than that of Northern Australia, The saving fey direct emigration "would al low of considerate financial assistance being given to such emigrants. The Commission was favorably im pressed "with the • German settlements in Queensland and South Australia, aud the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in. Victoria. Such migration would be a wholesome addition to 27ew Zealand and Southern .Australia. 