r CONGRESS IN ROME. COUNCIL OF WOMEN. .'AUSTRALIAN DELEGATES. The quinquennial..congress.-., of,,the National'Council of .Women ..will be held this year at ^the'.-Qblrjnali Hotel,. llorrie, from.May 5 tocMj*t ,»V; Delegates from' Australia have alV ready been chosen, and it Is- hoped, they will all bo able to^lttend, as this congress, is ono of world-wide. inteS est. . * - ■ :• Mrs. Henry Dobsom of .the Tasman-: Ian Council, will be present as tlie. Australian president. Mrs. Vickery-Is the chosen delegate, for. Immigration, and splendid' papers have been> pre pared for' her by -Mrs: • Darffi A'..Mrs. .Martin /Donahoe * will, represent • the. health committee, and will'read* papers;' prepared by. Dr. Grace lioelke. y;: Mrs. Arthur Lassetter Is' to advocate- better, laws for women and tho awilhllnUop of the white' slave traffic, tho'-parlicu lars of these two subjects coming/from Miss Hose Scott and All's. Nolan. Miss Sutherland-stands for. education; .and' will deliver.a lecture prepared.by Miss'J Fidler, who lias had so much to da with university women. 'Miss JEdlth. Fry, , who will' urge universal suffrage and the granting of the rights .of, citizenship to women, - will . read it paper prepared by Miss Rose Scott, who as well is responsible for • the., general report of the National. Coun-. ell of Women here. The badge worn by delegates *at: the conference is a monogram :-. TDrooch,. composed of the. letters I.C.W:. These, badges, are facsimiles, of. that* given to Miss Susan B. Anthony ;ln lS8S;Mit the first International'. Congress.'-of Women.. • . ; ,7 Special railway facilitiesVdre'/bcing^ arranged-by the Italian authorities, and so that the visitors to* Rdriiewill have every . opportunity for Sightsee ing expert guides will be iii.eqhrge of the representatives,- who - wilt^""divldc. into different groups', aceordhVg to/the language they speak. V: , ' X - The Australian Council of. women has issued an -invitation..for thiy. visit ing delegates to break their homeward trip atiVicnna. Seating arrangements . at '.the Con^ gross have been arranged.*'so as to avoid confusion—each delegate will find her seat under her national ilngv . ; Subjects ,for • -debate .'Have already., been put before the. different commit tees. The. women of France- wish that a standing" committee-.bo'-formed- to consider trades! • professlpps, and; em ployments,for women. Danish women advocate a standing eommUtp'ejoji tem perance. The/peace commlttee desires that. every Government bo. persuadbr) to use mediation, even .\vheve.,lh6-most vital issues are\ concerned,and,; above' all, this committee Js nnxioO's that pfo-' vision bo made for. the protection *of women and the prevention of wrongs" against women in . time of '.war-^tiie need for legislation in thfs direct! »n. was shown during the Turko-BUlga-' rian war. > v • ' 1 Other reforms under'debate will con-; corn the equal rights of parents in re gard to children, and it is proposed that, a State authority be empowered to make a decision where the parents ore unable to come to an agreement. The combined National Councils will discuss the necessity of juvenile courts (which wo in Australia .are' fortunate enough to have already), .and! permi^- ; sion for women to preside 0vc)*.'",thesq; courts (South Australia possesses this right, being ahead of. the other-States , already in eight other social- reforms).' Still other pressing needs -have' iirisen since the congress of -1909, and* debates will ensue upon the necd>of legal provision being. made for .the maintenance of wives "and -children! and also for deserted .wives and chil j dren, whether legitimate or ...illeglti I mate.....v | . Women of different nations are anx ! ious that girls bo instructed in' tho laws affecting women and-children,';ds.well, as in the civil duties devolving, upon, women; that it bo made compulspry for, nil employment and agency5 bureaus.to.' obtain licences; that authorised super vision bo made for immigrant glri3 tru-' veiling on board ship (at' present thoy.. arc alleged to be tinder,tho care of, the stewardess, who, however, has hor time too much occupied for chapcronage o^. these girls); and that deflnite'steps be taken for the suppression of; houses of . Ill-fame. ' - ' 'i During the evening the.Cbuntes9.-V0f;' Aberdeen will• preside- over- public.'lec tures. The subjects . already;'ehbSDn ari: Life of women in rural* districts/, including rural- professions for womenj! and ; how to make life' attractive -in ^•ujal districts; juvenile delinquency, Its causes and means of prevention., with its attendant 'arguments for re creation as a preventive, and..tno. ne-. cessity of proper playgrounds; and. finally, the economic aspects"' of wbmen's work, bringing forward for discussion the unpaid services of house wives.' • . Australia's and Sau Francisco's Invi tations to members of the ^Woincnv Councils :will be considered during thu conference. - . i .Tho Norwegian women have been asked to extend .their hospltulity for the next quinquennial congress.' to take place at Christiania in -1919, 