T/lEr WODLD VQ/1E/V ; ; ' - ' CONGRESS IN ROME. NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. Selected Australian Delegates. Reforms Under Debate. The quinquennial congress of the National Council of Women will be held this year at the Quirlnal Hotel, Rome, from May 5 to 14. Delegates froni Australia have already been chosen, and It is hoped they will all be able' to attend, as this congress is one of world wide interest. Mrs. -Henry Dobson.of the Tasmanlan Coun cil, will be present as tlio Australian presi dent. Mrs. Vlckery is the chosen delegate for immigration, and splendid papers have been prepared for her by Mrs. Barff. Mrs. Martin Donahoe win represent the health committee, arid will read papers prepared by Dr. Grace Boelke. Mrs. Arthur Lassetter is to advocate better laws for women and the annihilation of the white slave, traffic,. the particulars of these two subjects coming from Miss Rose Scott and Mrs. Nolan, Miss Sutherland stands for education, and will deliver a lecture pre pared by Miss Fidler, who has had so much to do with university women. Miss Edith Fry, who will urge universal suffrage and the granting of the rights of citizenship to women, will read a paper prepared by Miss j Rose Scott, who as well is responsible for the | general report . of the National Council of I Women here. The badge worn by delegates at the confer- j ence is a monogram brooch, composed of the letters I.C.W. These badges' are facsimiles 1 of that given to Miss Susan B. Anthony in | 1S88 at the first International Congress of - Women. Special railway facilities are being ar ranged by the Italian authorities, and so that the visitors to Rome will have every oppor tunity for sightseeing expert guides will be In charge of the representatives, who- will divide into different groups, according to the language they speak. The Austrian Council of Women has issued an Invitation for the visiting delegates to break their homeward trip at "Vienna. Seating arrangements at the congress have been arranged so as to avoid confusion — each delegate will find her seat under:lier national flag. Subjects for debate have already been put., before the different 'committees: The women of France wish that a standing committee be formed to consider trades, professions, and employments for women. Danish women advocate a standing committee on temper ance. The peace committee desires that every Government be persuaded to use mediation, even where the most vital issues are con cerned, and, above all, this committee is anxi ous that provision be made for the protection of women and the prevention of wrongs against women in time of war— the need for legislation in this direction wa3 shown during the Turko- Bulgarian war. Other reforms under debate will concern the equal rights of parents in regard to chil dren, and it is proposed that a State authority be empowered to make a decision where the parents are -unable to come to. an agreement. The combined National Councils will dis cuss the necessity of juvenile courts (which we in Australia are fortunate enough to have already), and permission for women to preside over these courts (South Australia possesses this right, being ahead of the other States - already In eight other social reforms). Still other pressing needs have arisen since the congress of 1900, and debates will ensue upon the need of legal provision being made for the maintenance of wives and children, and also for deserted wives and children, whether legitimate or illegitimate. Women of different nations are anxious that girls be instructed in tlie laws affecting women and children, as well as in the civic duties devolving upon women; that it be made compulsory for all employment and agency bureaus to obtain licenses (a pressing, need, as was shown here lately, when some agency bureau methods were disclosed by this paper); that authorised supervision, he made for immigrant girls travelling on board ship) at present they are alleged to be under the care of ihe stewardess, who, however, has her tlhie too. much occupied for chaperonago of these girls); and that definite steps be taken for the suppression of houses of ill- fame. During the evenings the Countess of Aber deen will preside over public lectures. The subjects already chosen are: — Life of women in rural districts. Including rural professions for women, and how to make life attractive In rural districts; juvenile delinquency, its causes and means of prevention, with Its at tendant arguments for recreation as a pre ventive, and the necessity of proper play grounds; and, finally, the economic aspects of women's work, bringing forward. for dis cussion the unpaid services of housewives. Australia's and San Francisco's invitations to members of the 'Women's Councils will he considered during the conference. The Norwegian women have been asked to extend their hospitality for the next quin quennial congress, to take place at Chrlstl- anla in 1919. : When the chief at the Chicago police was giving his paternal counsel to the new police- women who were to become a part of his force there were two admonitions upon which he laid a peculiar stress. The first was- to tell the truth, and the second was always to exercise compassion. Of course the chief of police was a mere man, and men, as- we all know, have grievously abused the powers so exclusively conferred upon them. And yet this mere man found it necessary to impress upon his women officers the beauties of truth and compassion. '- . A Beauty Blossom, Australian Tango girls at the Tivoli Teas. ' ' 