EMIGRATION. REMARKABLE DECREASE. WHAT SIR GEORGE REID SAYS. '1 look upon the .Infusion— not the Intrusion — into the Dominions of blood from the British Isles as a process which has more to do with Empire-building than any other process con i-elvable. It Is a vast living body, tbis British Empire, and the Imperial circulation mast be kept up.' Thus Sir George Reid. High Commissioner tor Australia, when questioned last month In Lon don regarding toe striking decline of emigra tion from Oreat Britain to the Dominions dur ing the first halt ot the present year. The ei tent ot thta decrease la Illustrated by the fol lowing figures, which relate to the first five montlis of 1913 and 1914, sod represent the balance ot outward passengers from this coun try over Inward passengers from the countries concerned:— Five MonlhF. Five Months. 1913\. I9!- Canada ? S0.95E .. 31.MI Australia ? IJ.RS2 .. 7,60? U.B.A ? 4D.O14 .. 13.499 But the oheck In the movement westward Is not confined to Great Britain. The buman tide which Snds outlets from the Continent at Ham burg and Bremen baa dwindled this year to little more than halt the Bile ll was twelve monthe ago, as the appended totals for the first ell mnnths ul the two years will prove:— Six months. Six months. 1913 1314 Hamburg ? 102,168 .. frt.bM Bremen ? ljt.ll' ?? '7.2S8 Taken with the drop Jo emigration trom Danish ports from 6000 u- 4000, this represents a lota! dc-.Te&Be; In the movement from the Con tinent ot over 66.000. ?TUB HOIMJW OF THE WAVE.' 'What Is the cause ot It?' asks the Lon don -Dally Graphic.' Many different reasons might bo given, but tho truest of them all Is th» odo most difficult 10 explain— that these things happen In cycles, snd wo are now in the hollow of the wave. To quote Mr. Obcd Smith, thiiS ot the Canadian Government Emi gration Department in England. 'The sun mill shines in Canada, the rain still falls, and there aro t«o million more Canadian atres uijtjtT iropa than there ever were before.' And Inirc In nothing wrong with Australia— from th* emigrant's point ot view. ??Drlelly. the dlfferi-mr br.wcon ih' 'm of the. average worker In Great Britain and the Held, 'Ib that In Australia tbc empluyvr is running after the men, and in Great Britain titc aon are running after Ibo employer.' Jf Ilio 'Imperial circulation' became permanently *l4gglsb it would be a bad outlook tor the British Empire; but the men who are charged vlth tbo destinies ot the Dominions— men who should t-e the first to delect the symptoms tt Imperial decay— are not seriously perturbed at the prospect before them; they bold the view that the present check In the movement dors not neceasarlly connote a dennltc change ia tho restless spirit of the race. PLACES FOR 50,000 RAILWAY WORKKRS. To a certain extent the problem Is gov erned by local conditions. Canada, for In stance, has Just transferred u large tody of men from railway construction to agriculture — a -change wblch was bound to Influence the immigration of European agriculturists. 'For ievnn or eight years railway construction has been proceeding In /Canada at an cnormouu pate,' said Mr. ObA Smith, 'and lh« adver tising of this imoie&ae; amount of constru- * tlonsl work drew Into the country trom var ious psrts of Europe probably 60,000 men. With the completion of the transcontinental line these men have to find other employment, and the Canadian Oorernment bellri-r- It to he tho soundest -economic pollry 10 pl.i ? k,i,n 'workers on tho laod before rn.-ouragfng new comer* at too rapid a rate. Whoa these -i»n liare seen afesor&ed; there Is no reason why Canada should not take as many msa'aa sbe has done In. previous years. Another point to be remembered Is that liU appears to be a non-emlgretlng Tear: but while we admit -that our figures arn a great deal down, we are a long war better off than the' Continent. Last year was abnormal; 150,000 Britishers entered Canada in 1913, whereas in 1010 toe number was only SS.1H0. We could fall two-thirds, asO sill) equal 1910.' SIR GEORGE REID'S VIEW. Elr George Reid considers that tbo outstand ing reaaon for the dei-lloo is the present pros perous ooBditloa or British trade. ''Wo have found that out at the agricultural shows.' he said. 'Where formerly we could get fifty or sixty at a shotv without the slightest difficulty, *we now have trouble in et-tlrng tfarco or four. Adi} the denutatl lor labor in AUBlralln Js im intjQae. Good scasoub *ind high prices, have conspired to make tilings hum lur nearly ten yoars, and even first-Was* Mcloourne shopkeep tm h.v* *1lffl»iil*v in nm-iirinff hnva. lttt» wa are sot eacouraxlnc emigration to Mid capita! clues; they are loo lull already. The class of emigrant we want Is the farmer, the agri cultural laborer, and the domestic servant; and we have not the. Bllfiolfst trouble In placing boys trom England, vnoisr emigration In large bodies is a new icawrc ot tho movement. Aserious check In th? flow to tbe Dominions would be a bad thing from an Imperial point of view, and from the standpoint ot the Home Country as well: for emigration opens out brighter prospects for those, -who are left be hind. Personally 1 think the Australian De fence Act has bad little or nothing to do with the decline; rompultory training only aft ecu emigrants born In or subsequent to 1S94.' Commissioner Lamb, chief of tbe Salvation Army Emigration Department, through, whose agency 100,000 peoplr have crossed tnc At lantic In the lart derail''. Is of the opinion that Industrial Canada is responsible tor tbe check ss far as trans-Atlantic emigration la con cerned. 'Tho land Is still there, and li still produc tive' .he remarked; 'the lahnr ia still 3n Britain. 1 vould not hesitate to start a definite propaganda, say In the western pafls of Scotland, -where you grt lbr 1 ongested dis tricts,- to transfer tie people or the hundreds, and settle them on the land In Canada. You can And a precedent In the plantations of Uie North ot Ireland.' ; 