m ' AUSTRALASIAN MATTERS. ?;'! The report of the Dominions. Commission :;i.st£tes that the members are deeply impres .'?isal by the desjre ot all classes: throughout ?.?Australasia to (leal with tho British Empire gather . than with foreign nations— not only /|i .tariff, prcl'crenco, but a clear, : distinct ^preference based on sentiment anil patriot ism. :. Discussing migration, the report states t.hp.t labour-saving machinery is much more used in agriculture in Australia and New Zealand than in Europe. Comparisons I. show that tho proportion of population en ® gaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits 5 is smaller in Australasia than in the United ^ States and many European countries, and » the town population is excessive. H ? Since the mother country is already rle ffi: pemlent upon tho oversea dominions for a M considerable proportion of her food sup-' ffi.vplies and raw material, tlio ? commission is g| .impressed by the desirableness of as large ^ ;a portion as possible of tho dominions being ® /occupied by a population which will assist |% in tho development of their primary ;re M ' sources. j|S The best ago lor emigrants is from 1 G to |B«2.4;.yoar8,-. and it is pointed out that: the M;town-bred youth often finds his feet :quick- B,.,cr ,...,in tho now environment oversea than % ,tloes the rustic. Australia's and New Xl a- W.-land's requirements can be: largely ttiifil ®-,fllled by . well-disposed youths, whom, en H^iMnment in .the United Kingdom has fore §Si:'ed into 'blind ? ; alloy' - employments ? and ® .youths from tlio. industrial schools. s : ' ?t-v The commission has: not; found any ovi H::.: dence that only those who -'follow agricul m turo in the old country can becomo suc m, cessful agriculturists in the now. S| There is a strong undercurrent- of opposi »' tion in Australia and New Zealand to omi g gration, principally among the urban K wage-earners and artisans, who regard- lm a, migration as likely to increase llic com || petition in the skilled labour market. Tlie M commission bolives that this hostility arises j® mainly from the present defects, in the im migration systom: Discussing female emigration, the report states thaL the surplus ih' Britain is mainly 6 resident in - -.the.' towns; and:: is .made :itp: principally of elderly ladies: and women ?(ify seivants. Tho first are not possible emi grants, and the servants can- ill bo spared; 'ft .is the ranks of tlio- fe'malo domcstics1 have ii 5 been dopleted by the demands, of: commerce ^ and industry in the United Kingdom of to. »*.t day compared with 20 years ago; The conir I ? ? missioners intend to deal with - this : mat- 1 ^ tei in greater detail in their final, report. , Dealing with the , difficulty .of -family mi-: J sration, tho commissioners state that- the , parents aro oftou too old to settle com v foitably. A man is tempted to establish1 liimself prematurely as a farm owner or tenant, and ready-made .tarns' are non-ex-; ?stent to any largo extent. Farming' on the i share system,, which is extending In- Aus tralia, is a highly commendable system.; . \ organisation of family migration jV entail considerable public' expense be 1 fore an ideal system is reached. The re port recommends the V fuller use of the methods adopted at tlio Pitt Town farm, New South Wales, which the commissioners characterise as 'an admirable institution.' The report; says it isi'undesirable to leave tho duty of describing the attractions of tho Dominions , to interested agents. There exists a widespread feeling,' which the com mission considers to bo/ justified, that mis representation is. common enough— --though there aro few cases of actual fraud. Xlle JJUSBlUlllLi U1 BlUilLUL UOU UL the-'British labour exchanges: deserves close attention, particularly /in,-- connection with juvenile emigration. The commission recommends greater co operation between the Homo and the Aus t tralasian Governments , regarding the mi gration of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whom are willing^.to go to Australia- and New 'Zealand, but they find a difficulty, thougli they are already accustomed to a climate more trying.' than that of Northern Australia. . The saving: by the direct mi gration .of these 'from- India , -would allow of considerable financial assistance to such emigrants. / / ?Tlie ' commissioners are favourably im pressed with the German settlements in Queensland and South Australia, and- the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria; Such migration,: they say, would moan' a wholesome addition to the populatiqni.of New Zealand and South Aus tralia. : '? 