OF RURAL INTEREST '? ?' . '- (Bj 'Hu»ticu».') '.* , ' Th» aotion of thu MinisUr of Lands and the Minister of Agricultur« in th« direction of taking step* to ohuok th» mroaclK of .tho pest Kuown ag - St. Jou'n'a Wort in tue iieochworth and Bright districts is timely and necessary. Very large areas of valuable couutry are being devastated. ' lii order to cope witii the post and liol'd it in ...iu-\:li, the Ministers have decided to ?wL- +»irv ^vt-»_lt^^^»l?!T^.^nTl t\i iVlft miinicinali iit's concerned in first of all ascertain ing th» actual area' infected, whether it is privately hold, or is on pub lio roads or Crown lands. Immedi ately tue information from tho muni cipalities is received officers will uer sent up to complete the investiga tion as to tho infected area. At the same .time, oiiicers of the Agricultu ral department will bo told off to in vestigato and report on tlie proper re medies to be- adopted. On receipt ot all the ?inloruuition the two Minister* mil .submit recommendations to the Cabinet. Tho hope of tho immigration autho rities uow appears to ha in getting British lads us larm workers. Most of the 2iiS lads who arrived by the, steamer Port Maoquarie were engaged promptly for work on farms in various parts of the State. Many of tho lads .uad deposited small aums with tlie London authorities before commencing xiio voyage. Tlie money was remitteu ,o the State Treasury, and an officer. am over the amounts due to those having a little capital behind them. iHicitkies we^re provided, to eaable the' young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselr«s of. tne opportunity of commencing a mud whioh one day they hoped would Itn cndi/ilnnf frj\ nni*AIIDCH ii h\flt\\\r ' fll land froniithe State. With few ex ceptions the boys are all of good phy sique. '--??? They come from all parts or Great Britain'. Another baton of 240 lads for farm work is due to ar rive by the steamer Irishman on lit--. May. In order that the next con tingent of lads might be oleared with as little delay its possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious, that tu'riners ' requiring labor- should tor ward early advice. ; , ' The sub-committee of the* State Cabinet on, whose advice it was decided t r\ n lka'rii-i*wt t.llrt Alnffl'il ftllirai- Tt^At Factory, do not appear to nave got property acquainted with tha real feeling in the district towards 'the in uustry.. Tins was proved by the par ticulars given by the deputation wuicli waited on the Minister of Agriculture. The members proved that the decision to close down the factory had been taken prematurely. The Argentina correspondent of the 'Pastoral Review,' writing on Decem ber 20th, says !tb.at~'all tho meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia are in lull swing, and the' competition for urn-- cattle and sueep is just what our stock-owners are thoroughly enjoying. ? sucu splendid prices as they are get tiug_were not dreamed of .twenty years ago . ltoports of new meat _ works in I Iriitruav. Pnvatruav. Arirftntina. and Patagonia are rue. ,'i'ae future ot tlio wonderful cat-tle country of our neighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should oe excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lands are' being secured by North American and iiri.tush capitalists, and ijuid cattle are being introduced. There is lite and excitement in these countries at lust. Hallways aud capi tal will do tho rest.' Stock prices lor treczing'-aro quoted as -follows: — Lincoln cross wethers, special freezars, 21/ to 2(5/3, good 19/3 to 21/; owes, good, to speoial- 21/10 to 27/1; merino wetliurs, special ID/10 to 21/, goad 17/U to 1'J/iJ; lnexiuu ewes, goad xml special '21j to 22/U; stools, £11/14/ to ±;14/8/; cows, £V/17I to £13; and hei iol»s, J-O/ll/ to £0/5/. '?In tho many districts the plough can Uo seen at work, on tlie stubble pa«l ao«Us. ' With the h'gh . prices ihai nave, rulod tor stock ui the pas-t, it is uniy natural tiiat sheep-owners \ -n Lurn the.r attention to providing sheep tcL-d in tiio wiuter anU early 6prmg mouths. ?? There cau be little -loubt liua tho 'Garion' or 'Abundanoe'J oat is tiio most particular oue for all round purposes of tiiis.kind. It can bo sown with, satisfactory results iu both autumn and spring, and it pro vides grain ot the best quality yvitii straw oi more than average quality. Wiien used for sheep feed in the uarly .stages of grow.lh, tho Garton oat is louiid to bo particularly palatabio tu .shcop. In ouo test this oat was oaten, lirst out of 16 varieties trud. It is found, however, that after ittti iiiy, uu»n tjio iMt oo-.s not eouits away, again at- do some'*bi thj other' \ ariewes ol oat, aud it is therefore not .argely Li.iud ior aui-umu .sown bheep feed. In bouio districts iu r-ew Zealaul, tl-e Algerian oat is used fairly extcujiveiy. Algeriaiib aro iquud to be very- .J»tis fuetory lor pruvidiug winter feed, and then, alter spring l coding, if itlo.v ;d to grow for seed they give good re turns. They appear to excel most oats on' light soil, and although the cruin is, ooaise. and. unsuitable for mil ling, yet when the sheaves are - cut very goutl chaff is obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, and is particularly free from rust. The Dun oat is another very popular va riety, ami when sown early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feed throughout the win ter and spring. Further, if it is in tended to bo cut ior grain it can bo fed later in the spring than any other variety. Somotimes sheep aro left on tho crop till the end of October, and then as much as 50 aud 60 busaels per acre threshed at harvest. The Dun oal tillers strongly, and although io the oyo there does not appear to be much bulk of feed, sheep seem to find plenty id- keep them going for. some time. Duns iippeur .to do better when kopt well fed down, as in most seasons tLc-y grow long weak straw which soon iou ges in wot weather. Mauy farmers still stick by tho Danish oat, for alt round purposes. ruese oats certain^ provido good green feed, and stanu loeding well, besides providing satisfac tory grain aud chaff. In a recent address, Prof. T. L. Hacckor, of tho Minncsotta College of Agru uTiure, showed how the mflk pro duction per cow had b:en increased in Minnesota in tho past twenty years i'rom 2800 lb. per oow per year to ?1000 lii., tho'- butter* from 127 lb. per cow to 177 lb., or an increase of near ly 3 lb. of buttur per cow per yeatf after twenty years. Uo also1 gavo facts and figure.-, deducted from a cow cen sus', showing that thu uvorngu produc tion of butter-fat per cow' depended' noL so liiuoh on breed as on tho care and feed given tha cow. Tho milk production, in other words, was in the .?-.-uuu ratio with tho amount of iutol.i gonco expended on the hord. Experi ments demonstrated that from a com mon cow the cure determined whethei sho produced 10(1 lb. of 300 lb of but ia:i lii *l ^ini ? A now whoat is reported from tho Jamestown district, South Australia. Ot five ncros sown, two acres were cut lor hay-, and returned six tons, and tho remainder, stripped for grain, yielded 81) bags, which voprrsontoil an siveTngo of about -10 bushel', to tho aoro. Tho wheat orininiilly was introduced from tlio X-niuge Jtivor Colony, South Af rica, and is reputed to mature very onrly, (ih well ns having dioughtrosist iii£ qualities. 