SATURDAY, APRIL 25, 1914. SMALL HOLDINGS Countries in which the agricultural population is. engaged in intensive cul tivation upon small holdings have a particular interest for Victoria now. Numbers of farmers in this country who have always been used to fairly large areas still consider that the small-holdings policy is on its trial. They recognise that a man with less than, say, fifty acres of ground, saddled with a compulsory water-rate, must grow high-priced crops, even with every acre under cul tivation, to make his holding pay, and for the high-priced crops that can.be grown there is an uncomfortable feel ing by many that market opportuni ties are limited. Fortunately for the policy, the percentage of settlers who have made good, or show every pro mise of making good, Is sufficiently large to dispel some of the doubts that were entertained, although it is still true that the market demands for some of the crops irrigators have to depend upon are too limited. The State will have to be more active than it has been in seeking for more ex tended markets abroad, and in the encouragement of the policy of con verting into imperishable products by canning the soft fruits and vegetables whk'h many are now afraid to grow. -Although the State has been import ing men for the irrigation settlements, in the larger proportion it seems to be an established fact that the most suc cessful of tho small-block-holders have been Australians. It is also a fact that searching abroad has failed to procure in any number men who have been used to intensive culture. Denmark, as is generally known, is a prosperous agricultural country of small holdings. A special represen tative of this paper, who was sent abroad a few years ago to gather hints about foreign methods of work ing small blocks, wrote a series of articles which went to prove that much of the success of the Danes is due to co-operative agency. In Vic toria, outside of the butter industry, co-operation has not appealed to far mers; but the day will come when they will see the wisdom of ensuring for themselves a bigger proportion of the profits. Another country of small holdings, whose affairs are not so familiar to Victorian farmers as those of Denmark, is Belgium, Upon an area of 11,3 73 square miles, roughly an eighth of Victoria, about seven millions of people are supported. That means about GOO people to the square mile, reckoning in averages. There are 550,000 holdings of 2*2 acres less; 200,000 holdings of from 12 to acres; and only 3600 holdings of over 125 acres. The average farm is about Ave acres, yet the Belgian agriculturist can boast of an average yield per acre as high as any in the world, and probably the highest. Half of the far mers own their holdings. When the last returns were available they bad among them three times as many pigs as are In Victoria, and more cattle, though only half the number of horses. They export 20,000 horses annually. Speaking to a visitor, one of the Belgian far mers said: "Everybody on the farm must work hard, because taxes are high and the general code of liv ing is high. Every inch of ground is made to produce something to sell." It will bo admitted that the Belgian farmer must have little to learn about intensive culture. But there is an other side to the picture. If it were necessary for the Victorian small holder to live and work under the conditions of the Belgian farmer we should all de sire to say "Good-bye" to the policy. In Flanders, where, because of the quality of the land, the greatest number of small holdings are found, everybody works hard from early morning till late at night. Husband* wife and child ren are all their time in the field, al though farm labor can be obtained for twenty cents a day with board. An American agriculturist who went through the country writes:—"The women work side by side with the men at all kinds of manual laboi\ There can be no ease for any individual, man or beast., so even the cow, in addition to yielding milk, must plough or har row, or haul produce to market. Even the dog is trained to work. The cows are housed under the same roof as the human beings. . . The women have no time for housework. It is, get up early in the morning for the fields, eat at noon what can be most hastily pre pared, work on until dark, and after a make-shift supper go to bed, too tired to do anything else." Such is the price that is paid for the high average yield. It is a price so high that nobody de sires to see Closer Settlement in Vic toria under such conditions. Fortunately, the experience already gained in Victoria of the Email holding —large in comparison with average Bel gian allotment — shows that the pessi mistic picture drawn from Belgian rural life need not alarm us. But, leaving out the unsavory and repellant conditions under which the Belgian small-holder exists, might we not make good use of his experience on the land ? The question that suggests itself is, "Would the rural areas of Belgium be a promising recruiting ground for Victoria in search of farm labor?" The Belgian agricultural laborer, who leads such a hard life for twenty cents a day, would surely consider Victorian conditions—the genial climate, the bet ter pay, the opportunity and scope—as sufficiently attractive. There may be good reasons why the immigiation agent should avoid the Belgian agrh.ul tural areas. Careful consideration must be given, and full inquiry made, before any immigration campaign can be commenced, but the Government has already tried Italy, and is talking of searching northern Europe for settlers. The Belgian, taught to get the utmost out of a pocket-handkerchief allotment, should be as useful as a farm laborer as the Danish, Italian or German im migrant. And it is not probable that he will refuse service with a Victorian farmer because the cows are not stalled in the living rooms of the farm-house. 