OF RURAL INTEREST (By 'llusticus.') Th« aotion ef tke MmUter of Lands ami the Minister of Agriculture in. tho dirsetion of taking steps to check tha inroads of .the pest kuown us St. Johnny Wort in the Beeehworih and Jiriglit districts is timely and necessary. Very' large areas of valuable country ar« being devastated. In order to cope witu the pest and hol'd it iu check, the Ministers have decided tu ask the co-opera-tion of the municipali ties concerned in first of all ascertain ing' the actual area infected, whether it is privately held/ or is_ on pub lio roads or Crown lands. Immedi ately^ the information from the muni cipalities is received officers will b» gent up to complete the investiga tion as to the infected area. At the same itime, officers of the Agricultu ral department will be told off to in vestigate and report on the proper re medies to be adopted. . 0i- receipt ol all the information the two Ministers rill submit recommendations to the Cabinet. The .hope of the immigration autho rities now appears ' to . lie in getting British lads as farm workers. Most uf the 2£8 lads who arrived by the steamer Port Maoquarie were engaged promptly for work on farms in various parts of the State. Many of the lads, had deposited small sums with the London authorities before commencing i he voyage. The money was remitted io the State Treasury, and an officer I -aid over1 the amounts duo to those having a little- capital', behind them. Facilities were provided to eaable the young emigrants to open savings bank accounts, and many availed themselves of the opportunity of commencing a fund which one day they hoped would be sufficient rto purcuase a block oi land from the State. With few ex ceptions the Tjoys are all of good phy sique. They come 'from all parts 01 Great Britain. Another batch of 240 lads for farm work is due to ar rive by the steamer Irishman on lit May. Iu order that the next con tingent of lads might be cleared witli as little delay as possible, the immi gration authorities are anxious that tarmers requiring labor should for ward early advice. The sub-committee of the State Cabinet on whoso advice it was decided lo abandon the Maffra Sugar Beet Factory, do not appear to have got properly acquainted with the real feeling in the district towards the in dustry. Tliis was proved by the par ticulars given by ithe deputation winch waited on the 'Minister of Agriculture. The members proved that the decision to close down the factory had been taken prematurely. The Argentine 'correspondent- of thb 'Pastoral Review,' writing on Decem ber 20th, says ithat'''aU the meat works from Uruguay to Patagonia are in lull swing, and the competition for our cattle and sheop is just what our stock-owners are thoroughly enjoying. Sucli splendid prices as they are get ting were not dreamed of twenty years ago. Reports of new meat works ;in Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina, and Patagonia are mo. Tho future oi tho -wonderful cattle country of our ueighbors, Paraguay and Brazil, should bo excellent. Vast tracts of good pastoral lands are being secured by North American and British oapitaiists. and stud cattlo are being introduced. There is lite and excitement in these countries at last. Railways and capi tal will do the rest.' Stock . -prices l'or freezing are quoted as follows: — Lincoln cross wethers, special freezers, 21/ to 2(5/3; good 1U/3 to 21/; owes, good to speoial 21/10 to 27/1 ; merino wethers, special 19/10 to '21/, ..good 17/G to l'J/3 ; merino ewes, good and special 21/ to 22/6.; steers, £11/14/ to £14/8/; cows, £9/17/ to £13; and hei lurs, £o711/ tof £9/5/. In the many districts the plough can be seen at work on the stubble pad docks. With the high prices that have ruled for stock in the past, Jt is only natural that sheep-owners vill turn their attention to' providing sheep feed in tho winter and early, .spring months.'. There can be little doubt that the 'Garton' or 'Abundanoe' oat is the most particular one for all round purposes of this kind. It can be sown with satisfactory results in both autumn and spring, and it pro vides, grain of the best quality with straw of more than average qualify . 'When used for sheep feed in the «arly .stages of grow.th, the Garton.bat js fouud to bo particularly palatable to sheep. In one test this oat v.as eaten 'first out of 16 varieties triad. ? J.L is found, however, that after ff td mg down the oat does not come away again as do some of the other varieties or oat, and it is therefor© not largely used for autumn sown sheep feed. In .some' districts in New Zealaud, the Algerian oat is used fairly -extensively. Algerians are found to be very jatis \- factory for providing winter feed, and then, after spring 'feeding, if illo,vxi to grow for seed they give good re turns. Thoy appear to excel most oats on light soil, and although the grain is coarse and unsuitable for mii ii»g» ytrt' when the sheaves are cut very gootf chaff is obtained. The straw of Algerians is bright and clean, ami is particularly free from rust. The Pun oat is another very popular va riety, and when sown early enough, say March, it provides a liberal quan tity of green feed throughout the win tor and spring. Further, if it is in tended to uo cut for grain it can bo fed later in the spring than any other variety. - Sometimes sheep are .fit on the crop till the end of October, and then as muoh as 50 and 00 nuwei.-. per acre threshed at harvest. The Dun oa.t tillers strongly, and although 10 the tjye there does not appear to be M-'JCh bulk of feed, sheep seem to find pi-nuy \- to keep them going lor some tinw. Duns appear to do bet-tor when kept well fed down, as iu most seasons u?e\ crow long weak straw which soon Jou ges in wet weather. Many i armors still stick by the Danish oa,-- ior al; round i-urposes. lheso oais coitaiiuj \- .provide good green leed, and ;si;i!p.. feeding well, besides providing saxisiac ., tory grain and chair. In a recent address, Prot . 1 . L. Haeckcr, ot the Minuesotta Cul oge 01 Vrnt-uluire, --howod li..w me milk prp ? ductiou per cow had b-en increased m Minnesota in the past twenty yeai* from 2S00 ib. per cow P%J**r l.° 4000 H)., the butter trom Ui U-- P11 cow to 177 lb., or an increase oi neaT ? lr 3 Jb. of butter per cow per yeatf after twenty jvars. U,' also gave iacw and figure deducted iron) a cow cen sus, allowing that, the average produc tion ol: butter-fat per cow depended not m- muoh on breed as on tho care and feed given the cow Ihe nii'fe production, in otner words, was in the same ratio with 1I15 amount oi intell igence expend.xi on the herd. Experi ments demonstrated that iroin a com . moji cow the car© determined whethei . 3iJ produced 100 ib. of 300 Ib or but ter in a yfar- ,r ,1, : A new wheat is reported from the Jamestown district, South Australia Of five acres sown, two acres were cut for har. and returned six tons, and the \- remainder, stripped for gram, yielded I'- 00 bags, which represented an average of about 10 bushel? to tire acre. l«o ?- wheat originally was introduced trom the Orance Kivcr Colony, South At v rica, and' 'is reputed to mature very early, as well at having droughtresist ing 'qualities. 