GREAT ARMIES MOVE GERMAN INVASION OF FRANCE RUSSIANS CROSS GERMAN FRONTIER BRITISH DECISION AWAITED. "THE TIMES" SAYS: "WE ARE READY." There were many patriotic demonstrations in London on Sunday. Crowds as- sembled outside Buckingham Palace, and sang "Rule Britannnia" and the Marseillaise." It is reported in London that the decision arrived at by the British Cabinet, at their first meeting on Sunday, was altered upon receipt of thenews of the German invasion of Luxemburg. Russian and German hostilities began on Sunday, when Russian troops crossed the German border, and the German army invaded France at several points. The Federal Ministry, at a meeting of the Cabinet, held yesterday, decided to offer the mother country, in the event of war, the Australian fleet and 20,000 men. The British Government has accepted Canada's offer to assist with men, without expressing any opinion as to the nature of the present crisis. It was decided yesterday, in view of the crisis in Europe, to close the Melbourne Stock Exchange until further notice. GREAT BRITAIN'S DECISION TO BE ANNOUNCED IN COMMONS. Cabinet Dissension Alleged. LONDON, Aug. 3. It was understood that the Prime Minis- ter (Mr. Asquith) would make an an- nouncement concerning Great Britain's at- titude when the House of Commons met at a quarter to 3 p.m. this afternoon (Mel- bourne time, a quarter to 1 a.m.), and that the Government would ask Parliament for a credit of £50,000,000 for defence pur- poses. The Cabinet held two long sittings on Sunday, meeting in the morning and again in the evening. Divisions of opinion which are said to have existed in the morning were closed by news from the Continent in the after- noon, and the earlier decision of Ministers as to the immediate course to be pursued has materially changed, the chief influences being Germany's violation of neutrality in invading the neutral Grand Duchy of Lux- emburg and her action against France without having declared war. Rumours are current that one member of the Cabinet is likely to resign. EARL KITCHENER. High Office Suggested. British War Minister. Earl Kitchener, British Agent in Egypt, who was to have left London on Monday for Alexandria, has postponed his depar- ture. "The Times" suggests that his appoint- ment as War Minister in order to relieve Mr. Asquith from the duties of the office, which he undertook, in addition to those of Prime Minister, when Colonel Seely re- signed. Professors Oppose War. The British Neutrality Committee has is- sued a statement signed by Lord Courtney and Mr. Ramsay Macdonald (leader of the Labour party) protesting against the con- tention that we are bound to join in the war to assist France, and sixty members of Cambridge University have signed an appeal for British neutrality. SHOULD WE BE NEUTRAL? PLAGUE OF WAR. "The Times" Blames Germany "We Are Ready to Fight." "The Times" this morning says:—"The war is a grim satire upon the professions of peace yet fresh upon the lips of those who have plunged the Continent into its miseries and calamities. "The blame falls mainly on Germany. She could have stayed the plague had she chosen to speak to Vienna as she speaks when in earnest. She made demands on St. Peters- burg and Paris which no Government could entertain. The invnsion of Luxemburg shows how Germany keeps her word. "We will not tolerate a German hege- mony in Europe. We are ready to fight such a claim. If any individual member of the Cabinet dissents from this view, the sooner he quits the Government the better." The journal adds that the few hours of the unprecedented crisis that have elapsed have sufficed to show the foe that the de- mocracies of the British Empire stand firm and united. Trafalgar Square Meeting. An enormous gathering assembled on Sun- day afternoon in Trafalgar Square, where a meeting was held in favour of Great Bri- tain adopting a policy of neutrality. Mr. Keir Hardie, M.P. (leader of the Socialist wing of the Labour party), and Mr. Arthur Henderson, M.P. (secretary of the Labour party), made speeches protest- ing against Great Britain entering upon a war in which she had no interest. Sir Valentine Chirol Sir Valentine Chirol, formerly director of the foreign department of "The Times," in a letter to the press, says—"At this supreme juncture there is one consideration which we are bound to give full weight. The Triple Entente has above all revived within the past ten years Germany's ag- gressive hostility towards France, and so long as German diplomacy could play off France against England Germany was con- tent." Sir Fleetwood Wilson. Sir Guy Fleetwood Wilson, a former Under-Secretary of State for War, and Director-General of Army Finance, ex- presses the view that Russia has deliberately undertaken war in defence of Servia, whose quarrel is not her own. Thus France is morally relieved from any obligation to assist her. He declares that intervention is not worth the life of a single British grenadier, and that Great Britain's in- terests are too world-wide to be jeopardised by a remote European quarrel. Socialist Denunciation. Tom Mann, the Labour agitator, in a fare- well speech at the City Hall, at Cape Town, before returning to London, supported a resolution urging the workers of the world to refuse to fight each other, because war is for the aggrandisement of the capitalistic class. "Reynold's Newspaper." "Reynolds's Newspaper" declared em- phatically, "We must keep out of it." Prayers for Peace. Prayers for peace were features of the service on Sunday in the London churches, which were attended by large congrega- tions. GREAT LONDON CROWDS. PATRIOTIC ENTHUSIASM. "GOD SAVE THE KING." Acknowledged by Royalty. The first outward sign of patriotic en- thusiasm in London was shown on Sunday evening. An enormous crowd made a demonstra- tion in front of Buckingham Palace, and snug "Rule, Britannia," the "Marseillaise," and the National Anthem. Their Majesties the King and Queen came out on to a balcony, and acknowledged the plaudits. MINISTERS CHEERED "BRAVO, WINSTON!" Downing street was packed earlier in the evening with people who hoped to hear the decision of the Cabinet, which sat on Sunday evening, after having held a long session during the morning. When Sir Edward Grey, the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, appeared after the Cabinet had concluded its deliberations, he received a tremendous ovation. As Mr. Winston Churchill, the First Lord of the Admiralty, appeared in the street, there was great cheering, and shouts of "Good Old England!" and "Bravo, Win- ston!" BRITISH NAVY READY. MANY SQUADRONS AT SEA. Great Britain's naval arrangements are complete. All the most effective vessels are at sea, comprising seven or eight squadrons of Dreadnoughts and pre-Dreadnoughts, and many squadrons of cruisers; while all the mosquito flotillas are at their appointed stations. NORTH SEA TRAWLERS. Recalled to Hull. A steamer left Hull on Sunday to recall the British fishing fleet in the North Sea. [The fishing grounds of the North Sea trawlers is the Dogger Bank—the scene of the Dogger Bank incident of 1904. On the night of October 20, while the Russian squadron was passing through the North Sea en route to the Far East to engage the Japanese fleet, the warships passed through a Hull fishing fleet, which had their trawls down on the Dogger Bank. Searchlights were turned on the boats, which were then examined by torpedo-boats. Immediately afterwards the fleet fired on the trawlers. One was sunk and others damaged, while the casualties were two killed and several seri- ously wounded. The Russian officers gave as an explanation of the incident the story that they had seen Japanese torpedo-boats among the trawlers. Regret was expressed by the Czar, and handsome monetary com- pensation was given to the sufferers.] WHEAT IN BRITAIN. Last for Four Months. It is officially announced that there is sufficient wheat in the United Kingdom to supply the population for four months. RETURNING TO ENGLAND. 10,000 CROSS CHANNEL Mad Rush for Trains. Australians Lose Luggage. There has been an extraordinary exodus of Englishmen from Europe. It is esti- mated that no fewer than 10,000 persons returned from the Continent yesterday. These included a number of Australians. The travellers report that they had ex- citing experiences on the railway platforms. The stations were crowded with people fighting and struggling to obtain seats in the already packed trains. Among those who returned from Europe were Sir Langdon and Lady Bonython, of Adelaide. They just succeeded in escaping from Dresden, the capital of Saxony, and in their haste to board the train lost all their luggage. Many others arrived in a sorry plight, having been without food for 10 hours. Airman Drops Bombs. The German authorities announce that a French airman on Sunday dropped bombs over Nuremburg, in Bavaria. LUXEMBURG INVASION. PROTEST BY FRANCE. Germany Defends Action. France has drawn the attention of the Powers to Germany's violation of Luxem- burg's neutrality. Germany refuses to withdraw, despite an official protest. She declares that her seizure of the railway station and bridges at the capital of the Grand Duchy is not with hostile intent, but merely a precau- tionary measure lo prevent the French using the railway. She has now promised to pay indemnity. It is stated from Brussels that 100,000 German troops are crossing Luxemburg, and concentrating on the frontier near Liege. CZAR AND KAISER. EFFORTS FOR PEACE. UPSET BY MOBILISATION. According to the "North German Ga- zette," the Czar on Wednesday appealed to the Kaiser to do everything to avert war. The Kaiser immediately replied that he would willingly act as mediator. He accord- ingly initiated diplomatic action at Vienna. Meanwhile Russia had partially mobilised. The Kaiser pointed out that mediation was thus endangered. Nevertheless he continued the negotiations, and Great Britain's pro- posals were cordially supported. A decision on these proposals would have been reached on Saturday, but Russia's general mobilisa- tion upset everything. Whereupon the Kaiser informed the Czar that he had gone to the utmost limit to maintain peace. It was not the Kaiser, adds the journal, who bore the responsibility of the calamity threatening the world. The "Berliner Tageblatt'" says that it is clear that Russia was playing a mendacious double game. M. Sazanoff, the Russian Foreign Minister, had intentionally brought things to a head because he, in conjunction with grand dukes and other Germano- phobes, was desirous of frustrating an un- derstanding. KAISER BLAMED. Untimely Declaration of War. The French Ambassador in London (M. Cambon) issued a statement on Sunday as- serting that Germany made her declaration of war against Russia at the moment when Russia and Austria were approaching an agreement. The German Ambassador is preparing to leave Paris. The Kaiser made a second short speech from the balcony of the Palace on Saturday night to an immense crowd. The German Crown Urince will be in com- mand of the First Division of Guards. VIVIANI CABINET. Inclusion of M. Clemenceau. M. Delcasse War Minister. After an all-night sitting of the French Ministers on Saturday it was announced that M. Clemenceau, an ex-Premier, and one of France's leading statesmen, had joined the Viviani Cabinet, and that M. Delcasse had been appointed Minister for War. M. Delcasse was until a few months ago Ambassador at St. Petersburg, and is one of France's strongest men. He has already held the offices of Minister of War and Minister of Marine, and was Minister of Foreign Affairs during the Moroccan crisis, his resignation from the post being popu- larly believed at the time to have been due to pressure from Germany. These appointments were made simul- taneously with Germany's inquiry as to France's intentions with regard to mobili- sation. PREMIER AND ENVOY. Argument in Paris. It is understood that the French Prime Minister (M. Viviani) told the German Ambassador (Baron von Schoen) on Satur- day:—"You are mobilising. We know it. Therefore the action of your Government has dictated our action. We are compelled to take similar precautions, but our peace- ful intentions remain unchanged, of which the best proof is that we have not sum- moned Parliament." Boron von Schoen replied that he feared the occurrence of incidents on the fron- tier. M. Viviani pointed out that the French troops were not within five miles of the frontier, while the Germans were at the very frontier mark. The French Embassy in London pointed out on Sunday that Germany had not then declared war against France, although the German invasion of France had begun. FOREIGNERS IN FRANCE. Austrians Must Leave. Foreigners are notified that they must leave France within the first day after the order for mobilisation of French troops, otherwise they will require passports. However, with the exception of Austrians, foreigners may remain in Paris on special permit. All Austrians will be sent to special depots on the eastern frontier, and thence allowed to leave by neutral frontier through Belgium. Bombarding Belgrade. The Austrian bombardment of Belgrade, the Servian capital, continues. The shells have wrecked the State school, the banks, hotels, the cathedral, tobacco factory, and the ironworks. Austrian reservists from China are pro- ceeding home by way of America. Will the Slavs Unite? Although Bulgaria has announced that she will remain neutral in the Austro- Servian war, a message from Constantinople an- nounces that the Bulgarian reservists have been ordered to be ready. BELGIUM'S NEUTRALITY. Britain Asks Questions. Great Britain on Saturday inquired from Berlin whether Germany was prepared to respect Belgium's neutrality. Germany replied that she was unable to answer. France has informed Belgium that she will respect Belgian neutrality, but will take action if another Power violates it. Sweden and Norway. Mensures have been taken in Christiana and Stockholm for the neutrality of Nor- way and Sweden. Danish Precautions. The Danish Government has ordered the mobilisation of 18,000 troops for the pro- tection of Zeeland, Jutland, and Funen. AUSTRIAN EMPEROR Great Reception. The Emperor of Austria has had a won- derful reception in Vienna. One hundred thousand awaited him at the train. His Imperial Majesty shook with emotion, and saluted in response to the greetings with tears in his eyes. FIRING IN NORTH SEA. An Unconfirmed 'Report. The "News of the World" declares that a wireless message has been received announc- ing heavy firing in the North Sea. The report is not confirmed. Noisy Germans in London. Germany's declaration of war against Rus- sia was quietly received in London. A few knots of Germans and Frenchmen, who had gathered in the streets, respectively sang "The Watch on the Rhine" and the "Mar- seillaise." Two Germans, one carrying an unsheathed sword, provoked a demonstration of hoot- ing and jeering, but the police intervened. Motor-'Buses as Transport. All motor-omnibuses in France have been commandeered to serve as transports for food to the army. Preparing for Wounded. The Moscow Municipal Council has voted 1,000,000 roubles (about £170,000) to pro- vide for medical assistance to the Russian wounded. CANADA'S OFFER. Accepted by Britain. Preparing to Mobolise. The British Government has accepted the offer of Canadian aid, without expressing any opinion as to the nature or the dura- tion of the present European crisis, except that it is "very grave." A proclamation will be issued immediately throughout Canada, calling out the naval re- serves. The Canadian Cabinet held a long session on Sunday. The "Daily Chronicle's" report that the British Cabinet decided not to participate in France's campaign against Germany is not credited in official circles in Ottawa. The issue of a proclamation calling out the naval reserves is taken to mean that war is inevitable. Colonel "Sam" Hughes (the Minister for War) has actually selected a Canadian mobilising ground near Quebec. When in- formed of the rumour that the British Cabinet had decided not to take part in the hostilities, Colonel Hughes promptly re- fused to believe it. His Majesty's Thanks. His Majesty the King has, through the Secretary of State for the Colonies (Mr. Lewis Harcourt), expressed his high ap- preciation of the offers of help made by the Dominions of Canada and New Zealand. MARKETS AND MONEY. PARTIAL MORATORIUM. Proclaimed in London. A Royal proclamation issued on Sunday afternoon, establishes a quasi moratorium. The moratorium applies to bills of ex- change, and extends payment for a month after the date of original maturity. [A moratory law is a law passed in times of emergency, postponing for a specific time the due date of bills of exchange and other obligations.] SUPPLIES OF FOODSTUFFS. Preventing Cornering. Measures are being adopted to prevent the cornering of foodstuffs in the Nether- lands. The banks will suspend gold pay- ments in the event of war. EFFECTS ON BANKS. Conference with Minister. A conference was held on Saturday even- ing at which Mr. Lloyd George, the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer, and leading bankers were present. It is anticipated that the Bank Act will be suspended on Tuesday. One pound notes will be issued for a few days. Bank Rates Raised. The bank rates in Paris and Berlin have been raised to 7 per cent. Austrian Bank Suspends. A Vienna message states that the Wiener Banbk-Verein has suspended payment. [The last balance-sheet available shows that the Wiener Bank-Verein had a paid- up capital of £225,000, a reserve fund of £71,000 and owed £1,105,520 to de- positors and on acceptances.] WORLD'S SHIPPING MANY SERVICES CEASE. British Lines Running. The British and American trans-Atlantic liners have abandoned their routes to the Continent, and will run their vessels to Britain solely. STEAMERS FOR AUSTRALIA Stopped En Route. The managers of the Orient line have ordered the R.M.S. Otway, from London July 31 for Australia, to await instructions at Gibraltar, and similarly to the R.M.S. Osterley, at present in the Suez Canal, homeward bound from Australia, to await instructions at Port Said. [The manager of the Orient Company in Melbourne stated yesterday that he had heard of no alteration in the ordinary sche- dule of his company. Similar replies were given by the P. and O. Company, the Mes- sageries Maritime, and other steamship agents in Melbourne.] GERMAN VESSELS Take Refuge in Spain. It is stated from Gibraltar that 12 Ger- man vessels have taken refuge in Spanish ports. German ships elsewhere are also hasten- ing to neutral ports. German liners are being held up at Shang- hai. In China the underwriting firms are refusing German and Austrian business. MAKING FOR NEUTRAL PORTS. NEWCASTLE (N.S.W.), Monday. — There has since yesterday at noon been a hurried exit of German steamships from Newcastle, although in most cases they have on board only portions of the coal loadings which they had intended to take. To-night there is only one German steam- ship in port. No hint is given as to the reasons for these sudden departures or destinations of vessels, but it is believed they are making for neutral ports outside of Australia. As regards the German mail steamship Seydlitz, which unex- pectedly got away from Sydney to-day, it is said that she is probably making for either Java, via German New Guinea, or Chili. She is understood to have enough coal for 28 days steaming. Newcastle has not yet been placed under the same regula- tions as now apply to Sydney, in regard to examination of all incoming and out- going craft, and closing of the port at night. GREAT ARMIES MOVE. RUSSIANS ENTER GERMANY Germans Cross into France. Russia and Germany began hostilities on Sunday, when Russian troops crossed the German border, and the Germans invaded France at several points. The Germans are advancing on Longwy, a small town in the extreme north of the French Department of Meurthe-et-Moselle, 18 miles south-west of Luxemburg. A German force has also entered France at Cirey, a small town just across the Lor- rain frontier, west of Strasburg. A report from the Belgian town of Liege states that 20,000 Germans have crossed the French frontier at Nancy, but were repulsed with heavy loss. The Russians have attacked the railway bridge on the Warthe River, near Neu- stadt, several miles across the German fron- tier. They were repulsed. Russian troops have also attacked Milo- slav station, but were again checked here. A strong column crossed the frontier at Gwid- den. A force of Cossacks is advancing on Johannisberg, a village on the frontier near Koenigsberg. BANK OF ENGLAND RATE. NEW ZEALANDER'S COMMENT. WELLINGTON (N.Z.), Mouday.—Mr. Beauchamp, the president of the Bank of New Zealand, in an interview regarding the raising of the Bank of England rate to 10 per cent., said that the whole object of the Bank of England was to conserve its gold. It was possible, with a view to strengthen- ing the position of the bank, that the act would be suspended to- morrow. He was confident that all the other banks operating in the Dominion could be depended on to do all that they legitimately could to assist their clients, and the respective Govern- ments. There had been no meeting as be- tween the banks to consider the present position. Whether England was involved or not, he advised the New Zealand people to keep quite cool. SYDNEY MARKETS. BUSINESS AT STANDSTILL. SYDNEY, Monday. — All the commer- cial markets were in an undecided state to- day. Quotations generally were withdrawn, and houses decided to quote from day to day only, and to accept orders subject to stock being available. There would have been heavy business done between Houses had there been sellers. Buyers were numerous; in fact, every hous wanted to buy, and prac- tically none wanted to sell. Business with Europe is at a standstill. Merchants here, like merchants on the other side of the world, have withdrawn their quotations. NEW ZEALAND MEASURES WELLINGTON (N.Z.), Monday.—Com- plete control of the Auckland, Wellington, Lyttelton, and Otage harbours has been taken over by the Defence department. Efforts to Avoid War. The Parliamentary correspondent of the "Daily Chronicle" (Liberal) on Monday stated that British expeditionary forces would not be sent abroad, and that every honourable effort would be made to pre- vent Great Britain from being drawn into war. "Neutrality Impossible." It was declared by the London "Obser- ver" on Sunday that it was beyond doubt that a section of the Cabinet favoured the breaking of the Triple Entente. The paper declared that British neutrality was impos- sible, and that it would be an act of dese- cration. IN AUSTRALIA POLITICAL PARTIES. SUGGESTION OF TRUCE. PRIME MINISTER RETICENT. There is no reason to believe that conversa- tions have taken place between the leaders of the two parties in Federal politics with a view to co-operation in any action that might be necessary to safeguard the in- terests of Australia and of the Empire as a whole. It was whispered last night that definite proposals had been made by which something in the nature of a truce might be arrived at in the event of circumstances be- coming more grave than they are at present, but the exact nature of the proposals al- leged to have been put forward have not been disclosed. When the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook) was asked last night if he had had any communication from the other side he declined to refer to the matter in any way, and would neither deny nor affirm the rumours which had been in circulation. On being pressed for information Mr. Cook answered simply, "I cannot tell you any- thing about it." [Chas. P. Smith, 197 Collins street, Melbourne.] GOVERNOR-GENERAL ARRIVES. DEFENCE MINISTER ACCOMPANIES. MEETING OF CABINET. OFFICERS CONSULTED. By the express train from Sydney an un- usually representative party of travellers arrived at Spencer street station yester- day. His Excellency the Governor-General (Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson), attended by his official secretary (Major Steward), his military secretary (Lord Frederick Black- wood), and Captain Curwen, was one of the first to step on to the platform, and amongst the other passengers were the Minister for Defence (Mr. E. D. Millen), the Attorney- General (Sir William Irvine), the first mem- ber of the Naval Board (Sir W. R. Cres- well), the secretary to the Navy (Mr. G. L. Macamdie), and the acting chief of the General Staff (Major C. B. White). The party was welcomed by the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook), the acting secretary for Defence (Mr. T. W. Trumble), the Adjutant-General (Colonel V. C. Sellheim), and other departmental chiefs. The Munster for Defence wore a heavy motor-coat and boxer hat, with a white muffler at his throat. He looked serious, but betrayed no signs of excitement. After a few minutes' whispered conversation with the Prime Minister, Mr. Millen walked through the crowd to his motor-car, inti- mating to the press representatives as he passed that there could be nothing to com- municate at that stage. As he met the naval and military officers they saluted, and the crowd, accepting the cue, ap- plauded. Mr. Millen bowed his acknow- ledgment, and sped away, in company with Mr. Cook, to lunch. As soon as Ministers had lunched, they were driven to the Commonwealth offices, and the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook), the Minister for Defence (Mr. E. D. Millen), the Attorney-General (Sir William Irvine), and the vice-president of the Federal Executive Council (Mr. J. H. McColl) held a Cabinet conference, to which a number of departmental chiefs were invited. The first visitors were the Adjutant- General (Colonel Sellheim) and the acting Chief of the General Staff (Major C. B. White). They did not remain long with Ministers, but were called in for further consultation on several occasions after- wards. The acting secretary to the Central Postal Administration (Mr. C. E. Bright) spent some time with members of the Cabinet, and the governor of the Common- wealth Bank (Mr. Denison Miller) and the secretary to the Navy (Mr. G. L. Macan- die) were also closeted with the heads of the Government for over an hour. After Mr. Macandie had taken his departure with a bundle of charts and plans under his arm he was recalled by motor, and con- sulted again. At half-past 4 His Excellency the Go- vernor-General, accompanied by his official secretary (Major Steward) and Captain Curwen, arrived at the Commonwealth offices, and Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson was immediately ushered into the Cabinet-room, where he presided at a meeting of the Fede- ral Executive Council. His Excellency re- mained in conference with his advisers for an hour and ten minutes. Ministers re- mained in conference, however, for another quarter of an hour, although Mr. McColl found it necessary to hurry away to ful- fil an election appointment in the coun- try. Soon after 6 o'clock the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook) invited the waiting reporter into his room, and made the two import- ant announcements which are printed else- where. PRIME MINISTER'S TOUR. ARRANGEMENTS FOR ADELAIDE. By the coded despatches which reached him at Ballarat on Saturday the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook) was prompted to tem- porarily abandon his election tour, and to return to Melbourne. In ordinary circum- stances Mr. Cook would have travelled to Adelaide by the express, which would have landed him in thee South Australian capital on Sunday morning, but instead he joined the train travelling in the opposite direc- tion. The Prime Minister has not, how- (Continued on Next Page.) [( Continuel! from l'rccpdlnn l'a Be ) tier, abmaoned hopes ot continuing lu» tour, and unies thcie L «onie imiioitant new deicloomcnt in the uitcivil he will tpcak at Ad"elaide on Ihursdnj night MELBOURNE FEELING. RESTRAINED EXCITEMENT. PRENCH SAILORS CHEERED There was intense feeling in the city yes- terday. Everyone came to business as in ordinary times, and made an appearance of attending customary affairs. But in many cases it was but an appearance The streets were thronged all day and evening with crowds of people, most of of whom walked in suppressed excitement from street to street. "J hex concentrated opposite the newspaper »dices in the citv lu the nubuibs the news «tents were alw ive the centre of attention When the usuil time came for the closing if businesses late in the afternoon it was noticeable that a considerable proportion of the people delaicd their departnie from the edi Olio saw the eiiccl of this lu the jiacVed streets mil the compiritivc empti ncs of the outw nd ti uns and trams usuullj bo ci ow ded at tint horn llieie ivas no sign of nnv great depres tuon Hie citj wes «crious there nao an an of gravilv evervwherc but the public xvns culm uni hopeful Doubtless tins ivas «lui lir(,elv lo the lnovvlcd|,e tint Aus ti lins no ition as i nition was so hound rtnanciiljv and economicalli at this great «risis the public I new thal the Common xicilfh even if cut oti trom the rest of the vin Id could c,o on feeding itself mdeiiniteli It w is independent of outw ird »oura« foi its food supplies- 1 luther theic ivas the ] n ni ledge th it the tin inenl *tibihti of the toual rv Ind lu vu been gieatci In the evening eruuiK of people flocked su from the vii ion siibmbs md eollected au hundreds ni front of the newspipci ofhccfi i igi ilv '.canning the latest war news 1 xlra police were toll olf from the city ftntions to ptiservc ordei and prevent the crowds blocking the trilhc in the llcinity < f the new | apel offices Minor patriotic demonstrations were made but everjwhere there nppc ired to be pent up feeling be cilice noliodv could enlighten am one con timing the ivhereabouts aud doings of the Hi iti^h fleet Several French sailors from the French steamer Australien which is in port, roamcd about the city in pairs during the night, and they were followed by hundreds of people. Everywhere they were cordially received by the crowds. Two of them happened to be passing along the westt side of Swanston street from Collins street just as the strains of the National Anthem came from the Town Hall where the Celtic Club ball was being held, and when someone in the large following crowd shouted "Hurrah for King George" the French sailors bared their heads and waved their caps. "KEEP (ALM." MR WATTS ADVICE ^poikinf, last mull it au election meet ing at tool ii Ali \\\ itt prefaced his io mirks with i leferenec to the wai He wild that ill nundi) weie turning to the sub- ject of which the cibles Ind been full for the last 48 bonis ind he could not proceed iv ithout «onie eonsidei ition of Hie storm of w u which li id '.wept acioss Luioric with such trigie miiftnc s If 1 noland became involved thcie vv is not i man liomin or ilnld in Uistrulia who would not be af fcctotl Snie the \ molconio war» lhere had been no vv ii winch lind been of such great ] nil ort lons Again if I ngland becime in i lived lustraba» place ivas beside the 3nothei (ounti) (Cheers ) Australia owed ill to motliei Tngl ind-she had gil en us onr Constitution and oin bbert} Over us i-lic had spieil lui mifchti piuion \1 3cadi there hld become apparent here a coiibidonble fern of the direct icsults ot this titmtc struggle Afost people thought tint our commerce would he torn to piece-, Aiihtinlia had i ist inteic»ts ind t vast com merco In the trading and » ti ings banks ivcie £200 000 000 the deposits of the people of \ustraha for the last 10 j ears lint the Lnghsh people were calm in this ti isis ind \u»trahun» too should he calm Ile hoped tint Australian» would aDi\ no oppiobnous epithets to the nations with iv Inch ive might come into conflict and the} might feel confident that But un with her enormous lcsouicc- would emerge in tri nninli from any situ ition in vv Inch she might fnd her elf (Appliusc ) "WE .STAND UNITED." SPEECH BY MR HSHER HÜNAtiL \ Aloudaj -Kefci i ing to the r-ituation in Fin ope it t meeting here to night, Mr 1 ishei sud - I regret to sij that since 1 spoke list in this hall a gre it ivir has binlcn out m Luiopo It is a deplorable thing that countries should go to war withoiie fir»t going to arbilritioa to nettle their dilTciciices An) mau know s hue is no ncic sitv to til c up aims until the question m di»pntc Ins been submitted to an impartial international tribunal to i on uler and determine iv ho is to blame and ende ivqui to st t tie the dispute without wui ( ippluin-e ) lu these matters, hovvevu, i let» ale stubboi n things 11 is just possible Hilo the uiofhci eoimtii mai be drawn in mil, with her ive '?hall be involved more oi less We are »ti oneil opposed to the jiitsentGoveinment in our \ustraliau poll tics, but as I have stated frcquentlv in Pu dament in a time of cnieigenci there ale no pintles al ill (Applmsc) We -Innil united a),mist the common foe and I îepeat tv hat 1 mun and our last shilling will he offcicd and supplied to the inothu eountr) in maintaining lui' honoul and our honoiu, if ive should nippen to come into the conflict ( \ppIuiM. ) Jins is no tuno for a diBpla) i f what some tall limchfeht pitriotism but we shall maintain our own laws and Settle oin own dispute» m our own wai without nu inteifcience in the dispu e from an) intion whatever 'TO THE LAST MAN AND SHILLING " \ EX-SENATOR LONG'S VIEWS L \UV 1 <. 10\ Alondai-Air 1 T J-oni, at In» meeting in the Mechanics Hall tonight touching upon the war said - We can icidili understand win the people ne not hue tonight in such numbers as ive should Ide Hie i eason of com se, is illili this tremendous ennis nt the other nul of the world ovcrshidows the politic ii ci isis m which we aie eiigigcd Hie »liugglo xvould lune been bul enough wete it con fined to those ¿rent Continentil powers bul ii becomes mm h M ivei from our point of new now Ihut ive 1 now that the old eountn lb inev ilalilv brought into it I em onlv endorse tin »tutuncnt that the letdci of oui pirtv (Mr lishei) made to Hie picss on the iiuinlnnd vesterdai that the old eonntiv s light n our light and that ve aie going to stand bj hu to the last ni in und the 1 ist »lulling (Cheer» ) \\\ o, 1 am suie can leulilv put all parti bias on one side mil believe that the Govern mont that is directing the affairs of Aus ti nlia al Hu prccnt time mil adopt the beal possible mems lo show our sjmpiithy and loialti to the old eountii in lins its gi cutest time of need (Cheers) ENTHUSIASTIC STUDENTS j Great cxuleincnt prevailed at the Uuivci sitv leslcrdav is Hie valions developments of the situation berime known Vt tho close of seicial lectures tho students sang the National 4nthem and a similar stale of enthusiasm pi evaded in the club house Numerous applications to rejoin the rinks xv ere received fiom time expired men of the nflc coi ps ANCIENT MARINERS \t a meeting of the Ancient Alanncrs last night Councillor Charles AH ins moved and Councilloi Trink Dixies seconded the following resolution which ivis earned unanimous!} - That the ancient mariners of I IctorU (rnostlv certificated men) willing!} tender their services for tie defence of Vistrallt I express ti cm selles read) to renier scrii-i» eitler ashore or nllo-it it the direction of the Mu Mer of Dc fence .mono; the \ntienl Manners theie ire i number of pilot« master manners Ro)al -»aval Reserve men and mtn capable of piloting a ve«stl into nnv port in Austral asia MOTOR CYCLISTS' CORPS liiert has been for»»aided to the Com monwealth Minister for Defence (Mr Mil len) a communication from the sccietary ol the Victorian Motorcyclists Club on behalf of the club members offering to foi m a coi ps of motoi c)c!ists to serve as scouts and despatch ridets in the e»ent of the. -Ustrihan forces being placed upon a war footing Hie motoi c\ diets in then letter to the Minister point out that for scouting pin poses i,c motor C) diets are now used in practieallv even nrm) and that owing to then mobiht), speed, rehabiht) and low upkeep they are of the greatest use fulness for the purpose AUSTRALIA'S LOYALTY. \ _ STATEMENT BY PREMIER STATE AND COMMONWEALTH CO- OPERATE As State Abnistors v»c arc satisfied that the Federal L-Ccutnc will do its duly in the present situation The State Govern mont is prepared to co opeiate witji the 1 eden] Government in everv wi) possible dethred the Premier C*.i .lc.nndcr Fei cot!) ii the tlo=e of )esteidov s meeting of the State Cabinet "\\\ hile wo discussed routine business to di» said the Premier wo tould not but consider the gi citer question which is para mount in e\crvbod) s mind just no»» and give thought to the difhiultlcs looming ahead W e know that the 1 cdcral Ministr» met this afternoon We aro sitisficd that the Prime Ministei (Mr Cook) mil his colleague will do c»entiling that is noces sary to silo« the people of the mothci toun In mid her enemies, too that so far as this pirt of the Empire is concerned \u. traln will ict prompt!» mid decisive)» _u Inila ltcognists bet responsibilities to the kmpne 1 as Premier md ni) tolle igues as State Ministers were pleased and grateful when we learned of (ho note struck b» Ali 1 ishtr and Mr Hughe». Hint this v» is Hit time »»hen all pirlies should combine and shov» to the woild lint wo art t united people With those sentiments we cn uroly agree Timo mi» bo differences m our politinl opinions but there ne no lif frrcntcs in oui vie»» s concerning our dut) to the British 1 mpnc and pitticulail) to this part of it which has lecoivcd so much htlp and such kindl / considention from the mothci lind We are satisfied the rcderil I .ccutivc will do its dut) Wo on oui part will gi\c a full and complete co-opera ¡ion md we ¡ne sure the other Stite Go tcrnn ents of .ustrihi will do the same FOREIGN MOBILISATION. AUSTRIAN CONSUL NOTIFIED. DIFFICULTIES OF TRANSPORT Al 0 o clocl )esterdaj morning the acting consul in Melbourne foi Austria Hungary (Air Gustave Alavtr) received ofhtiil noti hcation from the Austro Hunginan Go v crament of the mobilisation of the mill tary and nival forces of the Dual Monal cb) The ofiitnl announcenimt included a pro clamition ordering all Austrians resident in Austrahn who aie liable for cither naval or militaiy service to return to .ustna forth»» ith In tomintnlmg upon the imiotinccmcnt, Mr Ma) cr pointed out that ill Attstrun subjects wcie hnble for naval dut) up to the ugc of 37 )ears and for military set vite up to the ago of 42 )curs With lcgaid to the lelurn of the troops to Austin Mr Mivei stated that there wcie vci» fe»» Austuans lesident m the Commonwealth and that bv rcison of the insurmountable dilhculliis which had de vcloped since the outbrenl of war it was virtuall) impossible foi .ustriana to re turn to then country for naval or militai*) dut) _ ORDERS TO GERMANS. IMMEDIATE RETURN ¡.iD-ÍIA, Monda» -Ihe Imperial Ger man consul gcneial (Heir Kill mi) today i sued the following notification- Hit mobilisation has been ordered in Germany of ill Germans subjttl lo militan dulv \tcording to the prescription in their mill tir» passpoits the» ha»e to iclurn and to promit themselves at the Bc/irksl oin mando at the hist German poit icaihcd FRENCH CITIZENS. RECALLED TO FRANCE S\D-»1 \ Monda»-Hie consul general foi tranco (M Cha»et) lus been ollicnllv advi.ed lint the 1 lench Government has decreed a gcneial mobilisation of the 1 renth aim), beginning fiom Sunda) Ml lrench titi7ens m -iisli tin are liable to sene and thircfoie lie sivs, aie required to return to -lance AT THE CONSULATES. GERMAN ACTIVITY Altlioui.li a continuous sticam of in quireis poured in to the German Consulale throughout the morning Hit re was an entile absence of anjthing approaching c\ utemeiit ind the lasuil observer would hn»e susptctcd little of the momentous lbsues imolved Germnn icscrvisls aro bibil foi ucli»e si mee up to the ngo of 1j and a prominent dei man resident of Mclbonini cxprtsscd Hit opinion Hint there nrc o\ir 1000 of these lcsomsts ut pie stnt m this tit) nlont Up till middav the tonsul had lettived no official instruí tions tis to Hit future movements of these men 1 von if Croat Btitain remains neutral son» nnxiet) is felt by the German authouties m Melbourne us to whnt le strictions Australia will put upon the de parttne of an» men who ma» be tailed to anns and m nil» ct.se till question ot transport appeals to be one of msurmount able difiiuillv Hie 1 rcneli Consulate was ilso hcscigcd b» anxious inquirers throughout the da) but no ofiitial news had been leceivcd theie as lo Hit course of action .mong those eager to pluce their soi vices at the disposal of their native land wib a voung lad) who intimated hei desire to proceed to the front nnmediattl) in the cnpacit» of nurse Several 1 rench and German ritirens al present in Australia cithei as visitors or m a business eapneit» hnvt mtimutid their decision to return home at once w hat over the olhtial mstiuctions as to the move ments of Hit itstne may hi One joung Gennan who had conic to Australia as re prcscntatne of a ni ominent Berlin furn and who onl) uri iv ed m Melbourne on Satur da) has booked Ins passage back to the fatherland by Wedni-dii) s mail steamers FOREIGNERS IN AUSTRALIA A\ hen his attention w is directed to n cable message fiom Canada to the effect that the Dominion Government had de elded to detain foreigners and ships be longing to eoutitiics which might be hostile to Great Britain the Prune Munster (Mr Cook) shool his head hut dethne 1 to com mil himself lo nnv definite statement as to" whether the Commonwealth Ministrj wis likel) to folio»» the Cnmdlan example I have nothing to siv ibout tint was Mr Cooks only remaik NATURALISATION CERTIFICATES 1 oin Cinmtis and one -iu.sinn obtained naturalisation ttrtifuitis before Mi P J Dwyer, P.M., at' the Law Courts yester- day. AUSTRIANS IN NEW ZEALAND. SUMMONS IGNORED. SYMPATHY WITH SERVIA. SYDNEY, Monday.-New Zealand files brought by the steamship Mukurti state that up to lnst Wednesday no response had boen rando by Austrian subjects there to the summons of those liable to join the colours. On the contrary, excited Slavs lind made a demonstration in front of the Austro-IIun garian consulate in Aucldand, and later in the day n meeting adopted resolutions-de- claring whole-hearted sympathj- with Servia, and a determination to ignore the summons and-forfeit national rights. According to a statement made bj' the chairman of the niocting, nearly all the Austrian subjects in New Zealand, estimated at 2,000"or 2,500, caine from the eastern provinces, and aie Slavs by' birth. A resolution was unanimously adopted deuouneing the action of Austria in making war upon Servia. Only two of those present were exempt from military service, but it was unanimously decided that tho official summons should be ignored, and that if the war bhould bo prolonged; as many ns were able should return to Europe and join the Servian forces. USE OF AEROPLANES RESTRICTED IN ENGLAND Minister Issues Order. An important announcement containing restrictions against airmen bus been issued by the Secretary of State for Home Affairs (Mr. McKcnna). He has forbidden any air craft to fly over the United Kingdom except xvilhin three miles of a recognised nerodroinc. [Oi ders were issued some time aso by the Home Office "for the purposes of the sifety and defence of the realm." The orders pto hibitcd the navigation oí aircraft of every class and description over certain iircus, and of aircraft coming from abroad over the whole of the coastline of the United King- dom, except certain scheduled portions. Conditions were imposed on aircraft com- ing from any place outside the United King- dom, and legulations have also been made governing the action of an officer in the event of an aircraft's (lying or attempting to flj- Over the prohibited areas. Persons in clnrgc of airships were informed that they mu»t at least 4S hours before commencing a voj'.ifcc to tlie United Kingdom obtain a cluaianee from a British Consular officer in the country from which they start. lu the case of aeionlanci. notice must be de- spatched to tlie Ilonic Office at least IS hours ahead.] GERMANY'S AIR FLEET. MANY BALLOON SHEDS. EXPLOSIVES FROM ALOFT. e What may be Hie limitations of air craft in war-time is still a matter of conjecture. The possibility of diopping explosives in place of firing them from cannon would certainly leave positions open to attack that would be safe from ordinary bombardment; but against this it must be remembered that both the aeroplane and the dirigible balloon are extremely vulnerable. .Much has been written about the invisi- bility of aeroplanes when the xvings arc con- structed of some semi-transparent material, and when the machines are flying at a con- siderable height, say, j.OOOfl. and'over. At that height, however, shrapnel would bring them down sooner or later, even though they might prove almost impossible marks for single projectiles. The dirigibles de- pend for their buoyancy on hydrogen. They xi ould offer a. lal ger mark, and with their gas bags filled with a high inflammable gas they dare not take the chances of being struck that aeroplanes might risk in ci treme circumstances. It is true that they could carry a larger supply of explosives, hut if they kept abso- lutely out of range they xvould not bo able to drop bond's effectively, for often they would have a blanket of cloud between them and their objective. . Germany has 14 airships, including seven Zeppelin ""destroyers." The.latter, carry \\\ tons of projectiles. Between Berlin and the frontier there are 30 balloon sheds. The«e sheds pivot, so that whatever the direction of the wind may be the balloons can enter them safely. Special laihvay cars, loaded with bottles of compressed hydrogen, are always kept in readiness, i ,For ,,absolute accuracy no published figures arc reliable; but as regards air craft it is certain that Germany takes a high place amongst the nations. With the same reser- vations, it is probable that she is poorly off so far iuî tho submarine the oHicr new ann of offence and defence, is concerned. PART5AL MOBILISATiOM, VICTORIA NOT AFFECTED. Hcfoie leaving Sydney the Minister for Defence (Mr. E. D Millen) made the an nuiineemefit that only about 1,000 men from Hie citizen forces would be mobilised at pie»ent. Inquiry' yesterday showed, how- ever, that the assembling of ti oops would only affect Queensland and New South Wales. The 7110 citizen soldiers, who are to bo used as. a garrison for Thursday Island, will be drawn from the Townsville .dis- trict, in .Queensland, und,tho force which is lo guard certain, defence xyorks.in New South Wales will be taken from "the Aus- tralian Garrison Artillery units,-in the im ,mediate neighbourhood- of the places they ¡me lo protect. " ' Up to I he, present there is no intention ,of Calling Victorian troops lo'the -colours, ia« lor the time being all "the military duty reinpicd.e.iii be performed by members of the permanent units.. Ik is understood, bow ever, that Highlit telegrams were dispatched ilatc on.Sunday iiightjfind yesterday inorn .init.'to officers' commandiitg corpa tllrouglii out Australia, icalling.upon them to be pre-' i|Micd lo uct in, un, emergency on the. Beeret instructions'which' .had already been com- municated lo thcm'uncrcr.s'eal. Every Tifio club, captain throughout Australia has in- formation -as to the action it will bo neces- sary for bim to take on receipt of instruc- tions, to bring lils men Into touch with the fighting force. It is understood that the part i diemen xvould he called upon to play in the ease of hostilities would be that of cable guards, and no provision will be made for attaching Hiern to the technical and skilled units. Members of railway staff club», however, would bo required to act in association willi the transport corps. NAVAL RESERVES. PERMANENT FORCES SUFFICIENT In the course of an interview yesterday, the Minister for Defence (Mr. 13. D. Millen) said that it ivas not nccesi-ary for the pre- sent al all events, to mobilise the citúen naval forces, as he had been advised that the reserve now due for their annual train- ing are in sufficient strength lo meet all im- mediate requirements. HEADQUARTERS 'QUIET. There xviis a complete lack of excitement at both Victoria Barracks and the Navy Honso yesterday, and there was no out- ward indication that any business outside of official routine was being transacted. Ab a matter of fact, however, ordinary de- partmental affairs had Iven set aside for the limelieing. and the efforts of officers in each branch of the service were being con- centrated upon preparations for any emer- gency that might ni ¡se. During the piogiess of the C'jlitnet meet- ing there was an exodus of ollicns from their usual haunts, but as soon as they had been released from their conference xvilh Ministers they returned to duty without delay, and at a late hour last night the blaze of light fiom all the windows indi- cated that the full stnff of the Defence de- partment was hard at woik. It ivas unofficially stated yeslerdav that contractor» xvho h.id íeccntly received orders for the supply of boots and equip ment for the military forces had been asked to exorcist» every expedition possible in de- livering their stocks. SHIPBUILDING YARDS. The Slate Shipbuilding-yards were busy all Satutdny night and on Sunday at work required by 1I.M.A.,.. Pioneer. The "Minister for Public Works yostcrdny issued directions to the Ports and Harbours department that any assistance or facilities required by the Nnval department should bo granted promptly. Those instruction!, cover the issue of supplies of explosives, of which the Slate Government lins a largo stock, intended for use in the work of the deepening of the Heads. These have been placed at the disposal o£ the Naval com- mandant. ACTIVITY AT BRISBANE. PORT UNDER CONTROL. BRISBANE, Monday.-Though no of- ficial annotin-cmcnl lins yet been made, ac ti»»itics in naval qunrtcrs point lo lim im- mediate acquirement or, al least, partial control, of the port of Brisbane by Hie nuvnl authorities. Preparations are being made for putting into operation a system of -xamination of vessels entering poi't. Alderman Jenkinson waited on tlie /dis-' trict commandant (Colonel Lee) this morn- ing. Subsequently the mayor stated thal, with the tntl concurrence of the military authorities, hexvns convening a-meeting for Wednesday night of all poisons who have served on activo service or olhenviso in the nnval and military forces of the'Empire, in order that'fullest partitulais may be obtained so that, in the event of their ser. vices being lequiied, th.y could be ¡i_ Hcmbled on the Shortest possible notice. OVERSEA SI.IPPÍ..C. FRENCH VESSELS IN PORT. WOOL BY ORSOVA RETURNED. Liners flying the respective flags of the nations actively involved in war are na- turally objects of extraordinary attention. Curious eyes are constantly turned upon them, whereas, in normal circumstances many of these vessels would come and go without attracting more than passing notice. Germany, France, and Austria each have one vessel in port here at present, namely, the Pfalz (German), Australien (French), and Turul (Austrian). The Pfalz and Turul, which, of course, are "allies," have been in port for several days dis- charging general cargo from Germany and Austria, respectively; but if present arrangements are adhered to, both vessels will leave today for Sydney having exten- sive lines of merchandise for that port also. ir.ir greater interest, however, centred in the Australien, which only iirrived from Noumea and Sydney yesterday morning, because, being on route to Eurone, she will possibly have to rim the gauntlet through wai like water. Witli lier bright tri- colour fluttering aloft in the breeze, the Australien lay at Port Melbourne through- out the day amid unusually quiet surround- ings, due to the fact that she was not ship- ping any cargo heie. Her winches wert», therefore, silent;, the usually busy steve- dores were consequently absent, und gene- rativ an aspect, of gloom »vas. about the vessel. Small groups of officers 'itnd en- gineers might have noon seen gravely dis- cussing the fortunes' of war. pausing ' in their conversation to beek further news from the latest visitor to the waterside from the city. It frequently happens thut »lim- bers of "time-expired" .'touch' soldiem from Noumea return to. France by the Aus- tralien and other French mail liners', their piesence imparting a soiuq»»*h,it warlike look to the vessels. None, lio»»*ever, arc on board the Australien this vpyage. Her list of ordinary passengets' is also of ex- ceptionally slender dimensions, pially, no doubt, on account of the war, but chiefly to the circumstance that the present is a very dull period of the year. Uemg equipped with wiieless apparatus, the Australien, as well as the liners Orsova, Malwa, Wandilla, and Canberra, which arrived heie almost to- gether, had l-iuned whilst alsca of the important developments in Europe, Hie ?ne»»*s being eagerly .discussed .by those on board as it was received, ^ ' ' Indications ure not'wanting that, should the war continue, the fleight trade from Australia to oveisea ports will , seven.»* suffer. Yesterday a consignment'of wool, lcpresenting 100 bales, which was to have been sent to London by the -loyal Mail Orient liner Orsova, leaving here to-morrow, was returned from Port Melbourne to the wool stores, in consequence of the order for it? despatch having been cancelled. In- quiries at the offices of the Orient Steam Navigation Company elicit that this wa- the only line of cargo that had boen with- drawn up to yesterday. Other»»*ise matters »vere proceeding as it no unusual situation had arisen. In leply to a question as to whether there was a possibility of the Or- sova not sailing for Lui ope to- morrow, its ni ranged, the agents e\picased the opinion that no such contingency appeared to be likely. So far. it »»*.is stated, no passen- gers who had definitely booked lo leave by iho liner bid withdrawn, though some hail naturally made anxious inquiries as to Hie risks of voyaging in these warlike times. GERMAN STEAMERS. CLEAR FOR ANTWERP DIRECT. AUSTRALIAN PORTS AVOIDED. ' SYDNEY, Monda»».-The Germnii mail -steamer Scydlitz,-wliich had been announced to ,Sail-on Wedne-uhiy. left lier beith ¡it tlie» N.D.L.i wharf, Circular Quay, thi-, morning, lind piocecdcd lo sea. It is understood that some members of her ere»v wore missing, and that she left short bunded. The jSeydlilz at Iii st jntended to . clear for Bremen via Melbourne,-Adelaide, and'.Fremantle, but this was altered this morning, lind the .steamer cleared io. Ant- werp direct. - i , . Tlio ' _>Î:D.L. cargo steamer Elmi-s also desired to clear at the Customs.House to- day,, but ns -lie »ros not leaving until to- morrow morning : her cleatanco was not granted beforehand. She wishes to clear for Antwerp via Brisbane, and this will most likely be allowed. Hxccpting for the'suspension of the Ger ninu-Au-trnlinn Irieght line lietweeii Con- tinental potts and tho Comn.onwoiil.il, no interruption to the overseas tra Hie ns .iliecl ing Australia has occurred tip to the picscni, though agents for Various lines are evi- dently nppiehensivo that instructions may reach thein by cable nt nny moment from London which miy seriously interfere with the services which they respettively lepre sent. GETTING THE FLEET READY ADMIRAL'S THANKS. VESSELS COALING. __^rx"***** SYDNEY, Monday.-"The l.enr-Admirnl congratulates the dockyards naval estab- lishments, captains, ofliccis, and ships' companies on the splendid work done, anil thanks them for the same." This was the .message fiom llcir-Aduu't ii Patey, sig- nalled from the flagship to-day in ncknow lutlgmcnt of Hie excellent and inspiring manner in which all had woikcd to pul Hie fleet on a war footing. From the ni uval of the warships in Sidney not a moment lins been lost, and all the effoits of the Navnl authorities have been directed to having the ships ieady at tlie earliest pos- sible tune. This afternoon JI.M.A.S. En- counter loft Cockatoo Island dock mid took' up a position in Farm Cove, near the flag- ship Australia. There woio colliers l)ing handy, and the work of coaling was at onie proceeded with. | The Australian warships aro in readiness to act at'.i-'moincnt's notice, but it is con- sidered inadvisable to publi»li news of their movements. MANNING THE FORTS. SEARCHLIGHTS ON THE RIP. DRILL SHIRKERS SENT HOME. Yestciday aftcinoon, ¡til the compulsory trainees, xvho haye been detained at the Port Phillip District Foi tress for breaches of the Defence Act, weie marched from Swan Island to the Queenscliff railway sta- tion, and »ont home. Their removal from detention at the Hoads, lightens the duties of Hie permanent soldiers stationed there. Gunners'nnd sappers have, for some' time, had their lime fully occupied guarding these 'sliii'lccis.'' A di aft of 50 men has ben sent to the Quenscllff foils. Kvcry available member of the A.G.A. is now aL his allotted station. All late leave is .stopped, aud the for,t is fully manned diiectly after sundown. Since Sunday nighl search-lights are continuously lighting up the oiitiiiucctbrotigh the ''Hip, , and all vessels entering or departing aie sub- jected to a* careful scrutiny from the naval examination station. Colonel Sandford, the officer commanding, has his district . in a thoroughly efficient condition. TRANSPORT OF TROOPS. EMERGENCY x ARRANGEMENTS. Emctgcncy nrrangemcntb have,been mndc for (he transport of troop1-, over the railways of the diifeivnt ¡SintcB'- Every commanding officer hi Australia has been informed of the.trains >vhiuh he and hin troops would bo required to catch in ease of emergency, and Railway officials have prepaiéd special time- tables, allowing for tlie transport of ti oops .from any conti c to centres of mobili- sation. KVcit the*make up of trains baa been determined upon. * The following is a list of Victorian rail- way officers who arc honorary offers under the defence fceheme:--> Kiillwny Ollie ¡ni Military iTitlu. Title. Mr. \Y\ I¡\ PitB- . - Chiitrm.in oí Honora ry patriclc . , Comuna- Colonel sinners Mr. C. E. Xormtii Comm ic!¡¡ oner Honorary Colonel Mr. I*. McClüIlaníi Commissioner Honorary . " Colonel Mr. C. ilacnw General Super- Honorai y » lnttiitlont of Lieut. fi v . ," TninsporU- Colonel tlOH. J. TI. Fraser Chief Knginccr Honorary of Way and Lieut. - ' 'Works Colonel Mr. \V. M. Shannon Chief Mechnni- Honorary . ' . , . iftl Engineer i Lieut. Colonel Mr.-AV. A, Holmes Telegraph Honorary r Siiponiilcn* Lieut. ' ilo'it Colonel Mr. T. Ti. Xlolcmiuy " Supermten* Honorary , " . ' ' " ' «lent of pas- Major \- * * wiiKfr (ruin \- ¿mice t Mr- IÎ. H. llallard KnRinccr of Honorar}' Wjy Major Mr. A. V" Smith. As-iitant chief Honorary mechanical Major \- *. Kngmcer CABLE 'CENSORSHIP. CODE 'MESSAGES FORBIDDEN. At the meeting of the Federal Exeautive Council yesterday,' a proclamation' wlis is- sued prohibiting tho transmisiion by caljie from Australia of. messages, in cipher or code, ' arid l in any other lunguage except English or Jí'renclí. ïho censor in Mel- bourne is lo be .Colonel J. XV. McCay, for- merly chief of tile-Intelligence Corps. Coded' cable messages foi" addresses in the Var lîust and South Africa may go forward as usual. "J'he position in regard to America was tdoubtful last night, but fuller instructions'in regaid to these mes- sages weie exjie'eted. The notification reached the Melbourne ollicc 'at nn hour when 1 lie bulk of the cable messages for the day had'been lodged-the"* great nish takes place each evenhjK'bctwden 5 and 0 o'clock. Naturally great1 "confusion"was created at tile two chief' dUfidts foc'tcccivlng cable rricssagcs^tlrti "Central- Telegraph' Omeo and Heater's Telegram Company. Virais had to be comniuiiit'stcd'with'and informed that their message could nob be despatched in tlieir coded form. I'\ir-- several days past there''hau been a great nish of cable messages from business linns, many of whom arc cancelling orders they, had placed in Eui ope. ' . WmELES3~TcËNS0RSHIP. SUVA, Holiday.-A censorship was es- tablished to-day 'over the submarine cables and . tlm^radio-telegtaph installa- tions. ' ! 'i( ' Í POSTAL .ARRANGEMENTS. Though no alterations have been made in connection witli the oulinaiy British mail, the Postal.,authorities advise that mails for Gie it J3iilain may be sent by the s.s. Aeneas, which leaves Adelaide for South Afiici tii-inoiiow." The mail closes al the Geiicial J'ost-olhcc at .'! o'clock this after- noon, and leticrs,f specially vndoi^cil. A week-end cable service has been in augiitiilcd between the Commonwealth and Poilugal. EFFECT METAL CONTRACTS SUSPENDED. Action was taken je-leidiiy by the pur- chasers of the products of the leading Aus- tralian metal mines lo meet the conditions arising' fiönj tile tvar. Host of tho Broken Hill mining companies have contracts with Continental »melier» for the disposal of then sil; ci-lead aild ¡duc concentrâtes, and some ot tlie in tliq saiuc quin ter. With tlie dislocation of shipment .it rangement» which is bound lo follow the continuance of hostilities', the purchase!-, caiinbt depend upon freight nr gcinciits. Consequently, a step which i quite ccpoctcd was taken by them ycstcidi\, when notice was given that the contracts, for the purchase of the concen- trates und bhster copper would be mis pended. The effect of that action, unless the position shown .«¡gus of clearing up w itlnn reason ihlç. time, will be a curtail- ment of (locations at Broken Hill and else whet c. It the cuilipanies have to restrict oie extraction, as appears likely, a consider- able body of workers will be afteeted. Bur- rier companies whose products ino smelted locally ino in tim same position as their neighbours who send their concentrates to the Continent. in the im'c of pomes of the Australian copper mini'«, the blister metal is sent lo the ' Port Kembla '(New South Wales) works for i dining, and though their posi- tion is as yet unchanged, .the question of tiantpoilntion will determine how long the conliact?" with the'mining companies will i eiium unaffected. TASMANIA'S POSITION. "WILL BE ,BADLY HIT." HOHAHT, Monday. - The same war pie cautions as nie being enforced at Sydney are now lo be applied lo Hobart. The Premier (Mr. Earle) is away on the West Coast, but the Chief Secretary (Mr. Ogden) to-day liad a consultation with the com- mandant (ColoYiol Clarke). Afterwards he said!-"I neötl not say that the State government is prepared to co-operate most heaitily with the Fcdoi.il Government in any measures that it may deem necessary. Anything that we1 can do we will, of course, do at once, if thoy requiie our assistance. Things look very bad.at present. I would like to bee the war confined to the Conti- nental ' countries iib cady involved, but, while 1 am not a military cxpeit, \ do not sec how Gicat Tlntain can avoid taking patt. I trust that Au.stiaha will not lie diiectly allected by the wai, but it is vciv obvious already that we in Tasnianvi will be very seuously affected indiicctly. Tins is pailicularly true of the nulling indti-tiy. Onlv to d.iv a lcprcsentative of one of oui leading tin-moducing companies waited on me, and told me that the bu-cus had le fused lo take any moie tin, and that conse- quently hw company ivas in a difficulty. 1 am iiliaul that it will not be long befoic all oin tin-producers aie faced with the same tionble, and J fear that the ilibchoff and other mines will be forced to close down. Tho samo tiling is likely to happen to other branches of mctnl-pioiluction. For instance, Germany offers tlie chief market for many of the complex otes of the West Coast at the present time, and with Hie outbreak of war that market will be gone. Even if Australia is not ditcctly attacked by any of the contending powers, Tas- mania will bo badly hit by the effects of the struggle. There booms lo be. little that,the Government can do to alleviate these ill-effects. Apait fiom that we "lund ie_dy to do all we can to aid the Common- wealth Government in safeguarding the in- terests of Australia and of the empire." BROKEN HILL MINES. CONTRACTS SUSPENDED. BROKEN OTLL, Monday-The effect of Hie war. was quickly felt by Broken Hill mines, as the buyers of ores have announced that they cannot accept delivery, for export, of concentrates. -The Junction North closed down this afternoon, putting 810 men out.of work, and the South mine will close ,db»vn lo-niorrow, rendering 1,400 moic mon idle. Mr. T. II. Walmer, manager of the J unc- tion'North mine, stated thal he did no1 receive instructions lo close down until about 3 o'clock. Ho had been notified by all the buyers of concentrates' thal tiley could not take delivery of any more pro- ducts. Tito minc was Ihcrefoie forced to shut down. The period of lime under which the mine would be clotecd was ot course in- definite, depending entirely upon the pros- pects of the resumption of the selling of concentrates. The management of the South mine said that insli notions lind just been received to close do»vu ingall blanches at midnight on Tuesday. Mr. E. J. Horwood, Biokcn Hill manager of tile Proprietary, this afteinoon said that contracts, for the purchase of lead concen- trates had been suspended with the Junc- tion North minc, Hie Zinc Corpoi.ilion, and in part with the .Sulphide Corporation. Asked if theie was any prospect of the catly closing of the Proprietary mine, Mr. Hor- wood said that he knew nothing at pre- sent in respect of that matter. No instruc- tions had yet been received as to what colase the managements should pursue with legard to the other mines. The. opinion was generally expressed, however, that the ?position was most serious, and Hitit instruc- tions lo close do»»*n might be received at any moment. , A number of eily commercial travellers arrived in Broken Hill this morning, soiiic of thom intending lo stay a »vcek or ten d.i)s. Most of them leceived telegrams dilling the day ordering them to letiiin to litMilqiinrtci s at once. Mr. F. Spence, traffic manager of the Sil- verton Tramway Company, tinted this after- noon that the number of otc trains to Poit Pirie bud been curtailed by at least one half, and that a further lcdiiction was probable. Mi. J. It. Blaikie. of Messrs. White and Hosier, stated this afternoon tli.it all foteign despatches of mine products from Broken Hill controlled by his firm had been sus- pended. "There will, therefore," he hiiid, be no despatches through this agency ex- cept to the Proprietary Company'« Port Pirie smelters and the Cockle Ctcek (Sul- phide Corporation) smelleis." BENDIGO EXCHANGE CLOSED. BENDIGO, Monday. - Business at the Stock Exchange today was practically al n standstill; and when a telegram was re- ceded, btating that the Melbourne Ex- change had decided to ndjoiirn indefinitely, a meeting of the committee wns held, when it was agreed to fall into line willi the liclion taken in Melbourne. The committee's decision w as announced at the last session by the chairman (Mr. It. Trembath), who saul that, boeing tho way the stocks were being treated, the commit- tee were unanimous in deciding that Hie Exchange should be closed until further notice. Mr. A. B. Harrison,' who moved that the action of the committee be endorsed, Bind that if the Exchnnee continued business, ii »vould bo made tTio dumping- ground for stocks, which, while low enough at picsent, would be "knocked out of al) recognition.'' , Jlr. D. Williams seconded the resolution, which was unanimously agreed to. MINE CLOSED -DOWN., PERTH, Monday.-The Perlh Stool- Ex ehunge has closed until furthet notice. A telegram from Whim Cicek states that the Whim Well copper. rpine has closed down, on account of the war crisis anti that 200 men have been thrown out of employ- ment. One sailing vcsccl loaded 2,000 tons of oie from the minc anchorage at Balla Balla, but, as'the company was unable to insure Hie cargo, she will probably lcinain there for some time.' "There was a big run of Australian and Gemían depositóla on the Stnte Savings Bank to-day. FINANCIAL STANDPOINT. , BANKER OPTIMISTIC. BRISBANE, Sunday.-A cheery note of assurance and confidence »vas hluick by Mr. W. V. Ralston, general manager of the Queensland National Bank, in Hie course of an interview on Sunday night a» to the elicit of the »»*ar on Queensland from n financial standpoint. "If England is not in volvcd." Mr. R.iMon said, *'I don't think Ililli the »var »»"ill nfleet tho banks m Queensland at all, except lliat the banks naturally »»'ill hold then* hands. I don't mean to suggest that I hey »rill slop busi- ness, but tiley »»"ill be cal eftil- nothing mole. There mo only three banks with their headquarters in Briblmnc.' If any action is taken by the haul;« in Australia (hat action will be decided on in the south. All Hie» banks of Ati-trnliu ate very strong, particularly in coin. Theie need hu no 'cnuse for uneasiness. It is just as »veil to give the public that assurance." AMERICAN MEDIATION. CLERGYMAN'S * * SUGGESTION. In the comt>c of his icttuie al the Audi- torium last night, tile Rev. C. M. Sheldon, ...I)., the noted American author-pioaclier, alluded lo the Itiiropcun war, and saul Hint peace was among Hie tilings which Hie world most needed. Its establishment on earth Ibokcd at the moment an impossi- bility, but the icalisntion of the. bl other Hood of man would some day bo possible. Rnce prejudice was passing away. "War ?»».its a thing -»vhicli every thinking man and woman the world over should abhor and do all in their power to destroy. Ho believed this »vould be the labt gi eat »»*ar. Did it not sccin as if God was going to teach the worid by this terrible outbreak the awful coii- equences of strife? War was an outrage on Christian civilUntion. When a man was loaded down with guns and pistols ho became exhemcly dangctotis. When the spirit of war wns life it was be- cause the militai)' men become obsessed with the one idea, and because, also, some l.pc*» «if joutnnli.m filled the minds of people with a false sense of patriotism. It wits because of these things Hint Em ope wns to-day an armed camp. The whole thing »vas in the hands of a fe»»*. He did' not believe that the great masses of people wanted to light. The interests of all na- tions were involved in the present struggle, but the unfortunate thing was those who hud not the remotest connection with tho onuses of this gieat outbreak would suffer soriouslv, the innocent with the respon- sible. It would bo just as in the wars of Napoleon. The boy or young limit who did not know what the fighting was about »vould bo among tho first to bo killed, if not by shot, then by disease. It could not be possible that the war would last very long. _ The masses should cry out for some international tribunal befoic which tlie fighting nations should lie obliged to ap- pear, lie believed that if it »vere po-siblc tho United Stales, which must necessarily lcniiiin neutral, would offer mediation and to bring about peace. As an American citizen, he believed the American nation wns piepaied to do thal. Prcsiuent Wilson lind preserved peace in Mexico. The Ameri- can people as a whole wanted peace, to live for the good of mankind, and Hie ele- vation of Hie human ince. He piayed that the God of our fntlicis and nf all Haltons would bung *>»»*( el peace to the earth. . Al the conclusion Hie Nationnl Anthem »vas sung. RAILWAY CONTRACTS. ELECTRIFICATION SCHEME AFFECTED. Serious, if not complete, disorganisation of the work connected with the electrifica- tion of the suburban railways will occur as a result of "the oulbteak of hostilities in Europe. The Ballway -Commissioners 10 f use lo-make nny statement 'concerning the question ¡it this juncture, bul ii is known thal they legard the situation ns very Feri- ons. Important contraéis have been lol with Siemens Bros.' Dynamo' Works Ltd., bul apart-from the question of»whçlher German contracts will be curried out in due course, there" will no doubt bo n stoppage of work by British contractors in' the-, event of Great'.Britain'engaging in warfare. The total amount of the contracts Iel to dale is about £2,300,000, and the engineer- of some of Hie contractois recently uri ¡veil in Melbourne for the puipobe of carrying out the overhead equipment-of the pcriniinont way for electrical operation, and suporvis iug the laying of the high-tension transmis- sion cables bclij_en the Newport po»ver .talion and the various substations. It is understood that about (10(1 tons of ma- chinery, comprising boilers, cconomiscis, and other equipment, for Hie boiler- house of the power slulion, is'noiv on the way to Melbourpc. ' The Rniliwiy department has also let con- tracts amounting to several thousands of pounds »vith British and .German manufac- turéis for the supply of tyres for locomo- tives, electric cats,, and bioud mid narro»»* gauge ears and »»'aggons. STATE PUBLÍC . SERVANTS.' LOYAL DEMONSTRATION. ENTHUSIASTIC OFFER; , OF* ' SERVICE. A remarkable demonstration of loyally was nindo ycslciduy by a gathering of over a thousand members of the public service outside the main entrance of the pii-Hc offices, at Ticnsury Gardens, yesterday. ' 'The gathering enthusiastically e.prc-fcd its loyally to the Empire. Heads of depart nienl.s and others assemblctl on the pórtico of the Government Buildings,, which was draped w-ilh Union Jacks and the Aus- tralian flag. ' * Mr. A. Martin, vice-president of the Vic- torian Stale Set vice Federation, nnnounced that the meeting had been convened at the request of diffeicnt sections and viirious branches of the service 'for the purpose of conveying to the Government knowledge of their loytilty. Ile moved, -midst clieeis- ' ,' ' "Tint «[> tinder the -oi'crnment'an assurancc of íIiijioirIi lovnlly to the "Empire In the present cr.sii, inn! tender our -Crileca lo the (loiuin mont ¡it any time and in any capacity re- quired." , In support of the resolution, Mr. Mattin saul it meant more than it appeared. It meant that they »vero willing to do with a good heart what they might later bo com» polled to do by regulation. (Applause.) Sonic of them were too old*to fight, lint, by heaven, they could dig trenches. -, (Ch-crs.') Tliey would back np the Govornmcnl in nny »».ay it deemed necessary. (Loud ap- plause.) Jil'. W. Mciver, who seconded the mo- tion,-said the pic.eut was not the time for talking, but for action. When Britain was at war the Empire ni large was at war. Thev must be piepared to step into the siiife. If (hoy had to lay down their h»'es they »vould do so. (Cheers.) They would have no hesitation in serving in iihutover capacity they wetc lequired. (Applause.) The motion »vas cairied with acclamation and cheers. 'The meeting concluded with the singing of the National Authcui, und cheela for the düng ¡uni Empire. Tlie State Cabinet was sitting while the meeting was being held. At .the conclu- sion of the Cabinet's deliberations, the Pte [nier (Sir Alexander Peacock) expressed Ins appinciiilion of Hie terms of the resolu- tion. "The spirit which the civil servants have displayed is tile spirit -which will have lo be dir-plaved by all classes of the com- munity should the necessity arise," declined Sir Alexander. OFFER BY WOMEN, A special meeting, convened by telegram, of the women's branch of the Overseas Club wns Held at 5 o'ejock last evening. Mrs. G. H. James occupied tho chair, ¡md a icsolulion wns passed that all members be asked to meet at the rooms on Wednesday, ni S p.m., to discuss the advisability of oflct ing themselves for nursing service' in, con- nection with tile St. John Ambiilunce Asso- ciation. It iyah announced that the Ambu- lance A-.-ocitit*on weie considering j»lint slops might be taken for quick qualification in the event of serious developments. CELTIC CLUB BALL. EXPRESSIONS OF LOYALTY. During the supper adjounnent nt the Celtic Club ball, which was held' iii Hie To»vn Hall last evening, Dr. N. M. O'Don nell proposed Iho health of the president iMii.or Mcliiciney) ¡ind Mis. Mcinerney. Ile saul Hint the niembeis of the Celtic Club lind been keenly interested in the long struggle for Home Rule, mid knew the keen part played by their president. All their fcelin-;-, however, »'.*cic set aside,at the picseiit vr!*.**, ind thev felt that thev weic all Biitisheis, ¡md'desired lo st ind by the Emiuic in its hour of need. The Chief Secretary (Mr. Murray) in supporting the IoiihI, said Hint war was a dicjdiul thing, but it still seemed lo be the final .ubitranicnt of the nations of the world. It wns pleasing to note til the pie f-eiit crisis that thtotighoiit the world-wide Empiie Hie sentiment »»as sound in respect of lovnlly. Mr John Puffy. Mr. Rirlhipg, M.L.A., and Mr. I,rink Uranium also supported Hie toast, whii'h »»-.is brielly icplied to by Major "Mcinerney. . ? RECEIVED WITH " CHEERS. ' AT POLITICAL MEETING. At Hu» conclusion of the meeting which »vas held last night bv Mr. Boyd, the Libe- ral candidate ior Henty, in tile Malvern Town llall. Hit» ch.lirm.in (Mr. W. W. J. Fookes) announced that the Primo Minister (Mr. Cook) had olleied the ser- vices of 20,000 nion 'lo Great Britain.' ."Al- though up t» that lime the meeting had been n veiy "mixed" one, and feejing lind on several occasions um high, the aiiuouncc meni wns icccived» with continued cheer- ing. 111*. Boyd nt the commencement of his meeting also made reference to the inter- national ci isis, remarking that he had never felt less inclined to talk politics than on that night. I DENTAL CORPS OFFERED. At the monthly meeting of the Dental Graduates' Society of Victoria, Mr, J. 1'olnck, L.D.S. (president), in tin» chair, it »».as resolved, on the motion of.Dr. Matting- ley, seconded bv Mr. It. A. Wright, L.D.S., to' oller the Minister of Defence (Mr. Millen) n fully equipped dental corps, to use as he thinks lit. HOSPITAL ACCOMMODATION, INaUïRIES AT GEELONG, GEELONG, Monday.-The keenest in- terest was H ken in the wai» news to-dny, mid it P Í) 't'owd gntheicd at the ncivs paper ofiitta. Rcfetenco wns made to the situation nt tho Chamber of Commence meeting, and a resolution was carried vic»»* ing the situation 'ns grave, but expressing confidence Hint Great Britain would take tht» right stand. Colonel Hv.in, principal medical officer of the Conimoinveiilth foi ces. telegraphed to-dnv lo the Geelong Hospital, asking hon- man»* patients .».mid be t ikcu m the event of hostilities, and ii icply »»*iis .cut that -0 beds would be av.nl.ible. SLUMP IN IMMIGRATION. A shim]) in immigration is expected m coni-ciiiiciiic of the European Situation. 'J ho next ies-el to imivt» with immigrants fiom Englind is the Geelong. This vessel, which is bunging 07 assisted pns-engols to this Stile, is due on August 17, Othci steiuneis on their »»ay to Victoua ¡ile Hit» l'oit I.in culn, due on August 2.1, and the Benalla, I due on September fi. On bonni the Port Lincoln nie ffit-t immigrants: toi Ihib State, and on bonni the Benalla 112. NEW ZEALAND'S OFFER. CROATIAN RECRUITS. AUCKLAND, Monday.-News of Ccr maiiy's declaration, of war upon Russia was lcceived with widespread interest through- out the Dominion. Special prayer« for peace were said in the churches last night. The Austrian consul lcceived a cable,mes- sage this morning from Vienna announcing a gcncial mobilisation. Jn view ot the statement of the Prune Minister (Mr. Massey) that an expedition- ary force will be sent if- needed, tlie Goa linns in Auckland, who dcsiic to go to the Continent lo light for Servia, have decided to imk permission for Croatian lcciuits to accompany l,hc New Zealand volunteeis. Prices showed a further decline on the Stock Jäxehangc to-day. The cliaivman, ad- dressing member», ¿aid tltitt'hc trusted that they would do all in their power to allay the fears'ofelientB, who were inclined to sacri- fice their stocks. ' . STATEMENT. BY- MR. .MASSEY. MEN TO BE SENT IF NECESSARY. WEDLTÑGTON (N.Z.j, Monday.-The. Prune l\1ini=ter (Mr. Massey), in an inter- view', said that ho could not say anything at ptcsonl. The Government was pro- ceeding with piccautionnvy measures. No oUicial reply had been received legarding the expeditionary foicc It wiib not an oller until J'arlia'iient concuncd. If necessary Parliament would ask for the ' necessary authority. Tlie Government had no know- ledge of the number ot juen requited. Jf it weie necessiry to piovide an.expedition- ary foice applications would bc^ nbked lor from the Territorials, not from' outsiders. Parlianiont) would sit in the ordinaiy way. The question of proiog.itmn -nonld he dealt with later. Everything was being done Unit waa necessary in the circumstances. "GAZETTE'.' EXTRAORDINARY. CENSORS APPOINTED. .Wellington íÑ.js.),' Momiáy.-a "Gazette" extraordinary to-night contains two proclamations. The first calls leServe liaval volunteers into actual seivicc, direct- ing them to report themselves forthwith to the icgistrar. 'The second decíales the drillship J'liilomcl and Hie New Zealand naval iorces to pass immediately under the contiol of-lhe Biitish Go'ciument. An Order in Council announces regulations'em- powering the Executive to close.the tele- graph stations. Censor» have been ap- pointed to act at Wellington, Awanui, Nelson, and the Bluff. OVERSEAS RIFLE CLUB. Tlie Overseas Club of Melbourne at the meeting of the gcnci.il committee1 last nignt passed the following lebolution- ' ? "ïlint,tile (hcrsc-is Clul> of Jlelbournc, realis- ing ltd creed nnd objects, lesolves lo form a nile club, to be registered under the Defence Act." ;lt is cx]jected that there will be an enthu- siastic response lo this movement of the club, and a huge number of nicmbei» have already enrolled. A sub-committee, con- sisting of Mr. l'ctei», Colonel Talbot, Major Cul tis, and Mr. Tregarthen, was appointed to further this object. A denlonsti allon in iib support will bhortly be held m the Town Hall. SAFEGUARDING PORTS.. PRECAUTIONS AT THE HEADS. After the Cabinet meeting jesterdny the Minister for Defence (Mr. J?. D. Millen) stated that piecautions were to be taken to safeguard 1'oit J'hillip' and oilier harbours against possible attacks, lind, as a ncccssaiy nieasmc, it had been decided thal shipping s'houW only be permitted lo pass through the Heads dating the daylight hours. Vessels passing inwaids. ho\\\e\ci, will be tequiied lo submit to examination, Tlie Union Company announce tlmt tbeir s.S. jfaiiiil.a, prcvioiihl) ndwttisfd to leave ('ncen's Wlullf lit 2 p.m. on WednOfid.il, Allirli-t 3, for Holiurt and New Zealand, will no4 li.ivc at noon on tlmt day. It lias also been lu ranged tbat tim departure of tbc s.s. I/iolurniu will, ui]tU furtlier nolillcati'on, lie lived at balf nnst '2 pan. cadi trip. ."'I lu-departure of tlieifl.", lloloinaliaiu on Wednei (loy b.l"i boen filtered fVù'ni' iVclot'l.; hJ prcva*Miál> advertised, to 2 ii in. ¡ ' ' ' ~' Tile s.*. Wiiiidill.1, lor'Adelaide and Western Ans Irali.i, was prcviotislv .idveitiscil to nail nt ' p.tn. on Wcdnevlitv, but tlie sailinir bom Ins now been altered to 1 p.m. on Wedncsd.l.v, August 3, INTEREST IN THE COUNTRY. BALLARAT EXCHANGE OPEN. BALLARAT, Monday. - There.wns ,a keen demand Ulis afternoon for the special cditiçn of "The Argus" giving the latest war news. Lui gc crowds gatheied in f i out of the newspaper, olliccs, eagcily awaiting the posting of telegraphic new». The Stock Kv change eonimiltce met dilling the afternoon, and decided to call the list as UMial, until further notice. Hueincs. was ics'tilcled lo a veiy few slocks. APPRECIATION OF WAR NEWS. K1U10HK, Monday.-The special edition of "The Aigus" was unMolisly awaited here this afternoon. \Vhun the papers ar- rived at 5 o'clock in the af tel noon thev were tuslieil, and the supply was 'immediately exhausted. The paper was eagerly .-canned for the latest uifoiiiiation/iom I'mope, and much appieciation was c\pus-ed fo.' the cnlciprifc and thoiightfulncss of the pio prielors in siippljing war news. GEELONG MERCHANTS RUSHED. G15KLOÑG, Monday .--'Ali emly, the war news has, had the eiïect of considerably in- creasing the pi ¡ces of foodslufis in Gee- long. Meiclnnts -weie on Monday morn- ing rushed with orders for flour, and within an hour and a half one gioccr hooked ordcis for mole (lour thun in oubliai y times he would lake within a foitniglit. DOMAIN WIRELESS STATION. WIRE ENTANGLEMENTS. Messages for despatch by wireless from Australian stations are to be subject to strict censorship from now on, but that is not the only precaution to be taken. At the wireless station in the Domain armed guards were on duty throughout Sunday and yesterday, and they will remain in con- stant attendance. As an additional safe- guard barbed wire entanglements were yes- terday erected around the reserve in which the installation is situated, and only those officially connected with the radiotelegraph branch of the Postal department are in future to be allowed within that barrier. ' Germnny's military strategy has endured for many years without -vital alteration, so her form of infantry ntluek has chnnged very little. France lins even changed less. The solid columns which did so much for Napoleon and failed signnlly against Wel- lington is still their favourite formation. It is almost inconceivable Hint while the range and rapidity of Uro-both for rifio and .cannon-has -so vastly .increased the formation behind it ? remains unaltered. Tho German method of infantry, nllnck is one of extension and envelopment; the French concentrate' strength as a wedge to break .au opposing line. Both picsupposc as a matter .of .course Gcrmnns on, tile ussault, French onthc defensive. Not long ago one of tho best military authorities in Europe compared their methods, and ex- pressed the view thrtt with large armies necessarily spread- over a great area there was ii possibility of the Germans. being I broken in detail by a sudden nssault »i-itli overwhelming . trcngth. Tint seems to he the risic of the German formation. If the enemy remain on "the defensivo lie is men- aced in flank and front, but a ¡aulden re- versal of mil» is ¡ilway.s possible. When one attempts to criticise a polic approved and maintained by Hie» best i-oldieis in a great ¡irmy. he may be reminded thal the professional soldier kum»** hi- business lunch bolter than the ci» iban critic; and tho argument »voulil" lu» conclutivi» .wore it not that men on the other hide of equally high rcpiitilio-i prefer to do just the op- posite thing. Both methods li.ivo still to be tested in tin» tiirn.ico ni Hindern war, vvhi'if the 1'ii'iit'h may fail through its costlini'sh-Hu» Gorman (hi-uiigti the dis- persion of striking power. 