POPULATION OF GERMANY. Some interesting- particulars re garding the population of the German Empire are given (asys the " West. d minster GO sett.") in the " Germant d Year Book, 1914," edited by H. A i Walker, anti just published by the Angloe-German Publishing Company " (4s 64 net). The Oermatn Empire in a Europe covers an area of 208,777 square miles. The population of the a Empire is now about sixty-.ight millions. Its growth -has been coi. n tinuous during the last century, par ticularly since the 'foundation of,,the new empire in 1871. At present it a increases at the rate of over 800,000 e per year, dno mainly to the surplus of births over deaths, and to a esmall extent to immigration from neigh. bouring countries. The emigration of Germany into foreign coantries is tnuch smaller than the emigration fromn England, but there is, nevertheless, a large number in every habitable part of the clohe. All European as well as oveorsea countries'heve a amore or less large German population, running very often into nix figures. The aggregate number of Germane in the world in the current year, as far as can Ie estimated, reasels 100 .inillions.., Large , nuohters of foreigners live in Germany. Austrians, Hungarians, Pules, Russians, Italians, Dutch, French, and Danish to a largo extent settle permanenttly in Germany, bIecause opportunities are greater there than in their native countries. The foreign population proper in Germany amounted at the rnnous of 1910 to 1,259.873. More than 50 per cent. tweremof Austrian nationality (63.1 913). Dutelmen oname next with 144,176, followed by HRusians (137.697), and Italian . (104.204) Of British na. tionality tlhere were 18.319 people, as rtainat 16.130 in 1900. The great number of these foreigners ere unskilled labhorers, Like all other great notions of to. day, Germany htas become a nation of towni dwellers. Almost thIree-fifths of the population live under urhan con ditions. The number of people en gaged in agricuallurnl pursuits has re tImained stationary since thle hleinniag of the .lot century, while all increase of population during the last fifty years has ninee to swell the town popu latinn. When the empire was founded in 1871 there were only eight towns with a population of over 100,000 inhabitanls, wherens the number of such towns in 1913 was 1,150. Towns with over 500,000 inhlabitants in 1910 were i-Berlin, 2,071.257 ; Hamburg, 931.035; .Munich, 596.467 ; Leipzig. 589 850; Dresden, 548.308; Cologne, 516.527; andi Breslnu, 512,105. At a porelain sale at Christle's r:c.ently there appeared a relio of a ocletbratod cricket, match played more than a ct:etary ago for heavy staken . It was n nte:ry mug by Fletcher and Co., of Skoltou, 61n. high, printed In red, with a view, according lo'n inscription, of "The OGrad Cricket Match, played in Lord's Ground, Marv.le. honeat, June 20..1700, and following day, between . the Earls of Winchelsea and Darnley, for 1,0(00 guineas " Accom panying tile mug was a manuscript score of the match, from whichd it appeared that Lord Wincheleea'a side won by eight wickets. It was knocked down for 43 guineas. (o to a good chemist, pay a good pricelo for your soap, and use as little as possihle of it, was the advice given by Dr. F. Gar. diner, lecturer on diseases of the skin in the University at Edinbturh,. In tie course. of an address at the Industrlal HIyglene Section of tile Health Congress which has just beeoon held in Edinburgh. He was lec turing on the subtject of "Occupation Dermatitis." In all cases the keynote of success Is - soundness. Take my word for It, says Miss Irwin in her" Fine Points of .Auction." all the really great players are solit, reliable, rock-hottoem partners. There are few hril. liant ",coups," few wild flights into the onexpected, no erratic rguments, - The first time-you play with them you will pro. bbly bhe disappointed at. the ealmness of their game t htt It won't take you longt to realise what absolute rocks of safety they are. The French "nut" has turned to anlcent Greece for inspiration for his latet mod e. a1 Pitling that the long hair brushed smoothly back, which he effects, has no inconvenient habit of falling orer his eyes when Ihe plays tennis, he has adopted a " fillet," or hand, . of the softest white leather, which he slips over Isla forehead it the beuinning of the day and which holds his hair firmly In its t place. . . A pretty story Is told how Prince Osca r, I, the Kaiser's fifth son, behome enrated to the Countess Ilna vo B;as'owlt. to whotm he is to he mnrcan ,triallr marrled TIhe routettal in passlonately fonal of masle, an I h:a a voiceof wonderful purity. Two years aoe, when at Schwerin, she Iehocme- n. f qelInted with tihe IK-lser'o only t dubter r wih Is tow thie l]chelsen of Brutnwiek, and i sing to be . They tetarne eo'ne friends, n itnge tno him.'. Prnitae (lscur hienl'atitn in- t fattlated with theo en ess, who then 'met E ot,ler. menhoranf.the Itmtperit ftmily, a I. c of ahom were Is turn bewitched by hIer P sinl?inOg. Colin Bell, the Austrolian pn'illet., had nn interview with Sir OGeorge RIid, the lliuh Cnommintolner of Atttraliain onlon. noll it only 28 years of age. and I a power-. falivy.htlIt m:stt. When hIe enteroel tile rmion and slenk hands tih the Hilh Pot- I mtisoner hiis lpower'tfl arip ratnseI Sir Genrae to wince, andl he remkrkld jvially. l " it 1 nt use Ua.kint hiw yeoa frel, I eot fei( I it." 'Whitn ltell toll Sir Georre of hie inatches withb three negrer Sir George e pressed dlsapprttval of theie enontrols he. tean whilte tnttd black, and whetn oll ex pres.ed tihle Ih,,! thln iht, mlaht be able to anet .hi hnson, the lluh Cntommislntncr .oid thIere titght he a hih rIsk, " hati," Ih. added, " If yo an o l:et hilm,, go in nttd writ." lThe pntllsh Royal family ha n espeohllp tnd historic bodygtnrl to pIreveot stcti III. trotion, Its thalt whlch has teturrudl at lucklngham- l'altce, For centtrios the \lnlteros, who olust be natives of the town of 1splnosa, and have serred with hInnour in thie army, have hadl the exeluairve pril lego of guarding lho lonyal palaces by nltghtt. I their hlistieri costutme. nt. t wtarling felt Ahtot, thiey take up their posts at midhulnght outstle the rtoomns tt-tho Kitt, p Qteen, and otier royItlier, htble detlacht tment patrol thie halis anl corridors atl' night long. 'IThey spe.k no word, nckno, w. ledglingp each olter's presence Iy slgtn atdt Is counteresign. In tihe mornlnr, they dl.ap. pear as silently, egivingt place to the ordinar) setrles and .attendants. . p The German paper "Rreuzzeltung" re cently recommtended an alliance between Sweden and Germany, and the forcing of Denmark to join, in order to be able to hlneck the )Dnish. Sounds. The leading Conservative paper, "Stockholmes - Dag blad." remarks that this s,,ggestion was not even worth an answer. The foreign politics of Swolen had beent, and would certainly be, consclentiously loyal. According to otclitl stallstics just issued there has been a great increase In the numnler of divorces granted "in. Germany. The figures for 1913 are 11,162, as against 6,797 in 1912, and'9,782 in 1911. The cumber of divorces granted his grown steadily since 1901, the increase up to date being 139 per cent. The latest fl?kres show that there are 147 dlrorees for every 100.000 marriages. Of the 11.162 divorces decreed last year 8.995 applied to people living in towns and 2,167 to country pieople. A joke of the iherlnelt lolmes kinld was ilayed on Sir Arithur Oluan Dotyle durllng his lint visit to Paris hy a lrench taxi.cab tdllier. The mnn bhid driven Sir Arthlar from the stallin In an hotel.-, ai when he reelretrd Ilis fare, he sall," Mierci. . Conan DI)le,." " Why, haw do dono know toy nsrne ?" asked tir Arthur. ' Well, sir, I have mseen in the i papers thlit you were omng frlnt.llotlelslth of. Francs to Paris olnr'gepeetl npplroatnce t.oltl'mme yo. trll. e. Engl:hi t your halr bid bloeen 'eloslyltast cut by, a bather ot thle outh of. France. I put these l tll ilealionns together. and luIesed at once that it ws yonu." , That in very remnskahle You hlnve no other evidence In go tpIn ?" " Well," said the manu, " there a'ns aln the fact thiat your Oname was on your luggage." There has jlest Ileeio nl'unteld in the forecountrt at Lloyd's a gull.fromnthe .lltine, recovered last year. Stilrage tfrom the Lntine, which was stink in 1799 with the loss of nll the crew but, one. hal taken a curious courtr. When tihp diraster hill). pened Great Ilrlt sin was at war with ithe Netlherlnnlds. and the )Dutch Governaiment claimed the wreck-. as herol DIuring this pIerlnlod Dutch fishermen salred some £,G..001. Later on Brilish enleriprise con. IInoed l lth slline of specie, and recovered vat rlouas rttiR alnotrtlll t to £40t,500 ibetoeeon 1857 noll 1ils. 'Thll rudder andl oltalins sint ithei bell nw ot I loyd's were brought up in 1859\. All the oriuinal unldrwrliers bein4 Inlt deadl a spelcil ant ttf l'nrliuloent" was passetl permnitting Lloyd's to deal ithll the 'pecle allIved. A gull recovered In 18881 I at the Gulthanll. The capitnl invested in Swiss hotels. as. eotling to the latest figurts, amolntls to ,over £411,lll0,0c00, while Iho lverage sunulal profits are ,ntiiiated it £10,000,00d. The elport shows thnt a Iinumlber of the biggest hotels are controlled by large coumpanles, which form it kind of trunt, in which there is a large proportion gnof tcr enpiltil itn vested, There ore 43,000 holel servrells in Owillerland, most of whom are very well paid. 