Empire Commissipn. Emigration Question. Cotton Growing in Queensland. LONDON, January 28. The report issued by tlic. Dominions Commission states that the Commission ers deeply were impressed throughout Australia bv the desire oi all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than with fureign nations, not only by tariff preference, hut by a clear anil distinct preference based on sentiment aud pat riotism. Discussing the question of immigration, the report states that labour-saving machinery is much more used in agricul ture in Australia and New Zealand than in Europe. Comparisons siiowed that tho proportion of the population engaged .in agricultural and pastoral pursuits was smaller than in tlic United States and iminy European countries, and the town population was excessive. Tho mother country already was dependent on countries oversea for a considerable pro portion of food 'anil raw material, and The Commission was impressed with the 'desirableness of ns large a portion as pos sible of the dominions being occupied by a population which would assist in tho de velopment of the primary resources. Tlic best age. for immigrants was fromi 18 to 24 years. A town-bred 'youth often found his feet quicker in a new environment than n rustic. The requirements of Australia nnd New Zcaluml had .been largely ful filled by well-disposed 'youths whom en vironment in the United Kingdom had forced to a blind nllcv of employment, and youths rrom the industrial schools. The Commission found no evidence that only those who followed agriculture in the old country could become successful agriculturists iii the new. There was a strong undercurrent of opposition in Aus tralia and New Zealand to emigration, principally among the urban wage earners and artisans, who regarded Immigration as likely to increase competition in the skilled labour market, but the Commission believed that the hostility arose mainly fronr the present defects in the immigra tion system. Discussing the question of female, emigration, the report stated that the surplus in Great Britain mainly was re sidential in towns, and consisted prin cipally of elderly ladies and women ser vants. The lirs't -were not possible cmlgrnuts,. and servants could ill lie spared, as' the ranks of female domestics were depleted by the demands of com- mcrco and industry 'in the United King- dont as compared with 20 vcars ago. It is intended to deal with this matter at greater detail in the final report. Dealing with the difficulty of family emigration, . tile Commissioners stated that parents often were too old to settle comfortably, and a man was tempted to establish himself prematurely as a farm owner or tenant. ' Road y-raa'dc flirjns were non-existent to any large extent, but farming 011 tho /share system was extend ing in Australia, and was highly com mendable. ' Thd organisation of. family emigration would chtail considerable public . expense, beloro an ideal system was reached. . The report recommended the fuller use of tile methods adopted at Pittown, in Now .South Wales, which was. an admirable institution. It was undesirable to leave the duty of describ ing the attractions of the dominions to interested passage agents. There existed a widespread feeling, which the com mission considered justifiable,, that mis representation was common ""enough, und in cases amounted to 'actual fraud. The possibility of making greater use of the .British labour exchanges deserved close attention, particularly in regard to juvenile emigration. The commission recommended greater co-operation between the homo and Aus tralian Governments . regarding the, migra tion of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whom were, willing to go to Australia or New Zealand, but found a difficulty, though tliey already were accustomed to' a ' climate moro trying, than that of northern Australia. The saving bv direct emigration ' would allow of considerable financial assistance being given to such emigrants. The commission favourably was im pressed with the German settlements , lin Queensland and South Australia, aud tho Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria. Such migration would be a wholesome addition to New Zealand and southern Australia. Regarding tiib Suez Canal, the commis sion was impressed with the capacity of the canal to 'deal without undue delay with 15,000 ships, as against the present 0,000, provided certain traffic regulations were observed. The commission also was impressed with the increasing ability to take vessels of. deep draught, which would shortly be 30 feet, but it was doubtful whether this Would bo bumciout io pro vide for the . necessities of a quick ocuan sci' vice to Australia. Tho fact that the Panama Canal would give a depth of 40 feet would accelurato the already rapid increase in the size and draught of ocean carriers. It was doubtful whether the authorities at tho Australian and New Zealand harbours were properly alive to tile quick increase in draifht which -was in prospect. Tliu proper standard should in n:'lfl J1' Rxcent ill Sydney, I-lobart, Wellington, nnd Auckland, the facilities were considerably below that standard. I be commission could not urge too strongly that the governing bodies of the various ports ' should devote earnest consideration t0 the problem ol deepening the harbours.. Any semi-autoinntic renewal ol the mail contract, with a slight improvement in speed and conditions-, and a slight de- crcaso in cost, would bo inadequate as a solution of the problem, which needed to be handled on broader l.ines, giving full consideration to all vnrianlSi particularly the speed restrictions at Suez. There was grave reason to doubt the reality ol competition under present arrangements for this continuance of u qimsi-moiiopoly existing for a long period, probably pre vious to tiio development of shipping, as it removed n great incentive to the con struction of faster ships. No mail con tract would be satisfactory uliicli did not provide for a seu speed considerably in excess of Unit , of tlic unsubsidiscd lines. The attention "or the commission hail been drawn to complaints of outward hills or lading being nub or date, and undulv complicated in favour of ship ownors as against customers. Nevertheless, there was evidence that rnunv companies grantedi redress which tlicv were not legally com pelled to give. There was evidence that 'he unymnt spent by the shipping ring in London was so great that the com bined action of importers was of little avail. Tiie report draws attention to the poss-ihililv of amending the United King dom law, in order to bring it into line with the Australian Sea Carriage Act of 1991. The report includes details of the pro posals of the British Cotton Growing As sociation to establish cottou growing, which the Commonwealth and Queensland Governments have accepted. The Com missioners deny -that experience has shown fiiul cotton can be successfully grown only by black labour. On the contrary, 75 per cent of the labour employed in cotton growing in Texas is white. It is possible that the Maltese would furnish just the typo of labour required. It was estimated that, flic picking of cotton in Australia would cost 3d. per iii., and there was ovidence that the quality of Australian cotton was such as. to justify thu expectation that iv higher price won I'd lie secured than in most cotton growing countries. There also was the possibility that a cotton picking machine would re duce the importance of the labour factor ill Australia. 11 also should be possible In organise the small growers into asso ciations for picking tin: crop co-oper atively. Though admitting t hut hides were dam aged by binding, tlm report, states Unit the natural remedy is a dihcrcntiatiuii oi price between bides branded as tlic tan ners sugEc-l nnd l hose branded us new. The commissioners do not recommend lliore stringent regulations regarding thu usu of glucose in leather. iFfflWtffqgjfys W5CS,;.uflitflr,BUtl oMpe&tefc.; tion and regulations regarding food' and drugs in 'Australasia. The agricultural, mineral, and forestry resources will he' treated in the final re port, and also the result of inquiries with regard to better facilities fori. handling meat and ' fruit, on which investigations arc proceeding. Tiie commission is making further in quiries regarding inter-Imperial exhibi tions, and the desirableness of an- Im perial Development Board. 