News and Notes. Monday's intense heat was respon- sible for a large number of outbreaks of fire in country districts, some of which caused considerable carnage. A Ministerial conference will con- sider suggestions for encouraging agri- culturists from Great Britain and Nor- thern Europe to settle in Victoria. Surprise has been caused by the an- nouncement of the resignation of Mr. S. Griffiths from the position of sti- pendiary steward of the V.R.C. Never before had the staff at the Melbourne General Post Office been faced by such heavy mails as those dealt with during the Christmas season just passed. In destruction and damage to State timber alone it has been estimated by the Forestry department that forest fires last year caused a loss of £100,000 worth of property. The holiday season brought forward its usual list of casualties and acci- dents, the columns of the daily press being over well supplied m this direc- tion. Henry Fotherby, dairyman, a Labor alderman in the broken Hill City Coun- cil, was fined £5 and £1/7/6 costs for having offered for sale adulterated milk. The revenue collected at the Custom House on December 29 amounted to: —Revenue, £19,406/12/4; State, £20 2/; contingent, £29/12/; pilotage, £102 16/; whariage, £679/7/1. Monday's weather was very trying in Melbourne. The maximum official registration was 99deg., but at Gaunt's 101.7 deg. was recorded. Tuesday was also hot, dusty and oppressive. A father was drowned at Nagambie on Monday in attempting to save the life of his infant, who had fallen over- board from a boat. The child also perished. A motor party on its way from In- verell to Kempsey met with a serious mishap on Sunday, when about 30 miles from the latter place. The steer- ing-gear went wrong, and the car run over a cutting, falling some 40ft. It was then caught by a tree. The five occupants were violently tossed out. One sustained a fractured skull and broken ribs, another injuries to a shoulder, and a third injuries to the head. Persons liable to pay income tax are reminded that the first batch of re- turns must be lodged by the begin- ning of February. These refer to incomes consisting solely of salaries, wages, allowances, pensions, or rents. Any benefit in addition to, or as part of salary, such as board and lodging, is regarded as income. Returns from businsss people are not due until the beginning of March. According to the latest messages from Thursday Island, whose wireless station is in communication with the Dutch liner Tasman, the stranded ves- sel has 13ft. of water in the hold, and her chance of getting off the reef is regarded as doubtful. The Tasman went ashore on Bramble Cay, which is situated at the north-east entrance to Torres Straits, while on a voyage from Australia to Java. An unsatisfactory condition of af- fairs is disclosed in an official report, which shows that the flow of water from the artesian bores throughout N.S.W. continues to diminish. In 392 bores gauged there was found to be a reduction in the flow at the rate of 7.7 per cent for the year. This fact is stated in the report to present a strong argument in favour of the supervision which is exercised by the State in connection with the effective bedding of the casing of all bores sunk and in favour of the control of the bores after completion to prevent waste of water. A strike took place at Winchelsea on Saturday morning last amongst the rural workers, when between 60 and 70 men struck work. They demanded the rural workers' log rate of wages, 8/4 per day, eight hours, and food, or 16/ extra and find themselves. A few of the farmers are giving the log rate of wages. A large meeting of the rural producers took place in the Shire Hall on Saturday, when it was decided by the meeting that they would not pay the men the log rates of 8/4 per day, eight hours, and food. It was decided that they would assist one an- other to finish their work. At a meeting of the Water Supply Commission the undermentioned appli- cations for land in the irrigation areas were approved:—Shepparton—H. W. Thompson, allotment 53, section D. Koyuga—A. Comparo, allotment 27. Conuna—F. Vale, allotments 11c, 11a, 11e, section 5. Bamawm—Mrs. E. H. Sheaf, allotment 75a; D. W. Irish, allotments 76 and 75a; Werribee— T. W. Fowler, jun., allotments 68 and part 67, section D. The tender of the Northern Timber Company at £228 13/ was accepted for the erection of a settler's house at Tongala. Advive was received by cable message on Monday that the R.M.S. Otway and the s.s. Commonwealth had left London on December 19 and 24 respec- tively with assisted passengers for Victoria. On board the R.M.S. Ot- way are 7 farm workers, 26 nominated passengers, and 2 British lads. The s.s. Commonwealth is bringing 2 land- seekers, with a capital or £500, 7 farm workers, 74 nominated passeng- ers, and 6 lads. A small party of immigrants arrived by the R.M.S. Orvieto on Monday. The newcomers consist of 12 Danish agricultural la- borers, 3 nominated passengers, and 6 lads. During the past few months there has been a satisfactory increase in rail- way revenue. According to an offi- cial return, made available on Mon- day, a revenue of £2,521,806, was de- rived by the department during the period from July 1 to December 21, or £143,955 more than during the cor- responding term of last year. The principal increases were £98,027 from goods traffic, £29,547 from live stock traffic, £13,457 from passenger traf- fic, and £4495 from parcels traffic. During the seven days ended December 21, the receipts amounted to £119,342. or £8615 more than during the same week of last year. There was an in- crease of £11,268 in respect of goods traffic; but a decrease of £2331 was shown in respect of passenger traffic. Returns of the Christmas traffic on the Victorian railways show that though the bookings were in excess of those of last year less revenue was received. During the period from De- cember 19 to December 27 inclusive 31,181 excursionists booked at Spencer street station, and were responsible for a revenue of £21,349. During the same period of last year 29,690 per sons gave a revenue of £21,781. At Flinders street station the number of the bookings to inland resorts from December 20 to December 28 inclus- ive was 44,494, and the receipts am- ounted to £8344. As compared with the same period of last year, there was an increase of 2920 passengers and a decrease in revenue to the extent of £743. The Australian Vaudeville Artists' Association complain that the vaude- ville theatre managements of N.S.W. and other States have instituted a system of boycott against Australian artists. At a largely attended meet- ing of the association it was decided to affiliate with the Political Labor League and the Labour Council, and to circularise every union and labour league in the State, painting out the state of affairs existing, and asking members of leagues and unions to re- frain from patronising theatrical shows which employ imported artists to the exclusion of local talent. With reference to a complaint made by the Federal Treasurer (Sir John Forrest) about the delay being caused in the construction of the transconti- nental railway, the Prime Minister (Mr. Cook) takes the same view of the matter as the Federal Treasurer. Mr. Cook said:—"A peculiar position has arisen, and the question for the Gov- ernment in general, and the Home Af- fairs department in particular, is what is to be done in the circumstances. I agree with Sir John Forrest that the present rate of construction is highly unsatisfactory. The whole question is further complicated by a reported scarcity of sleepers." 