:}□ TOPICAL TALK. . The spur of the moment with a lot of i iis is the spur of necessity. j ? # # What can't be cured, can be -endured — by the doctor, if the fees are certain. k f 'A new sort of Trust is threatened in | America — a combination of matrimonial f agencies. A sort of wedding- ring, so to I ' epeak. | ? * ? j I In Sydney whisky and soda now costs | ? 9d. a glass; whisky and water, 6d. Ob iBerve the generosity of the publicans; they charge you nothing for the water. t Certain flowers turn towards the sun, while others open only in the darkness. So with minds. Some love the sun of i progress, others tighten themselves against it. * # 'Who are those people who are cheer ing?' asked the raw recruit, as the sol j diers marched to the boat, j 'Oh, . those,' replied the veteran, . 'are ! ? the people who are not going.'' * # ? According to the 'Scientific American' tnost people don't know when to eat. But, fudging by the quantities of indigestion cures sold, there are more people who flon't know when not to eat, * ? ? Analyst Hamlet, of N.S.W., declares that Irish blight (the potato disease) is not Irish, but came originally from Ger many and should be called German blight. This should make the Kaiser squirm. What can you expect for fourpence? Only a loaf of bread nowadays; but not so very long ago you could get a loaf of bread and a pound of steak for that modest sum. That was, of. course, before the Trusts arrived. * * # A man who was brought before a Syd ney police court last week said that he hoped to be able, one of these days, to pay off the national debt of Australia. He was given a week to find work. Which seems to imply that the man who starts out to be honest on a big scale doesn't get much sympathy. # # One lesson of the war so far, we are Informed, is the need for invisible' uni \- forms. But if both sides w-ear^them, and nobody is able to see anybody else, how is the war- going to end? For it is mighty hard to hit something which you cannot see. It is almost as bad as seeing some thing which you cannot hit. \r # ? # . * This quaint advertisement recently ap peared amongst the birth notices of a Queensland paper: — 'McArthur— October 14, to Mr. and Mrs. D. McArthur — a son. (Adopted.)' But a Melbourne man went one better — or worse — the other day when he seriously explained to a Divorce Court judge that the other lady in the case was his adopted wife. I # & * ' ? Some of our great private banking con cerns have been putting the screw on those of their employees' who wish to en list in the expeditionary forces. The banks have always regulated the marriages of their employees, now, as we see, they are attempting to regujp.te the manner of their deaths. By and by- the prospective bank clerk will have to ask 'The Bank's' per mission to come into the world. ^r - ' The Master Retailers want Holman to receive a deputation in regard to Govern ment House, on the ground that the ab sence of a gubernatorial residence, and in consequence . absence of the Governor . General, is bad for trade. So the outcry that the resumption of the mostly empty mansion was an act of disloyalty to Brit ain and the King boils down to a state ment that it was an act of disloj'alty to Fluff and Frills, gay rag merchants. * *= tf ' THE REASON. A young woman in male attire was charged at the Albury Police ,Court to-day with having no visible means of support, and was remanded for a week. Senior-Sergeant Blaekburne said it -was desired to find the young woman's friends. She arrived in Aibury about a week ago, and put up at an hotel as Jack West. The accused is stated to have walked from Sydney. — News item. Oh, Woman who would steal our clothes away, What is the reason of your thieving, say. j Why do you leave .the marge of your domain To wear the clothes of men, oh tell me, Janel Oh, surely you don't really estimate A man so: high that you should imitate *? His garments. Or, now tell ine fair and square, Has Modern Fashion left you none to wear? . RJ.C. j This is the season of. the 3*ear . when presents make the heart grow fonder. i 1 « tr- * An Australian expeditionary force has arrived in the land of the Pharaohs. So there's Cornstalk in Egypt. ? / # # # New York 'Life' offers ? to supply its readers with the only reliable news of the war. 'We run no risk,' it says. 'We manufacture the neWs right on the^pot.' One of the Tory papers has an article on 'Cotton seed as a food.' Apparently the tendency these times is to eat our clothes and wear our foods. Why not turn our selves inside-out and let things go on as they were? « ? ?'# * Someone is promoting a scheme to per suade all Britons to sign a pledge not to buy any German goods henceforth and for ever. No amount of patriotism, however, will prevent some people from buying in the cheapest market when the chance comes. 'My pocket, right or wrong,' is their motto. # # # Mr. Clement Wragge states that a great disturbed area is now visible in the sun, and it must be taken to indicate improv ing seasons in Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. Well, there's a great dis turbed area in the earth at the present time. And probably the sun isn't going to be outdone by a comparative speck. The writer of this par. isn't an astronomer, nor is he a prophet; but his explanation seems as good as any. 'At anyrate, he's going to stick to it. ' - , [ A number of bakers have volunteered. They are ready for the hour of knead. . $ A frequent case among the wealthy is that the father raises 'sugar' and the son raises Cain. * * , The nian ;who knows everything dpesn't as a- rule make, good. tthe. .axiom , that r knowledge is power. . , __ # # # Black garments are forbidden to be worn in Berlin. And after all a more appropriate mourning tint would be a blood color. # # # The latest cult demands that one's at tire should accord with one's mood. We should hate to meet the man with a tem per like one of these new neckties, all the same. Melbourne 'Argus' says that Austra lians consumed over a billion and a quar ter ' cigarettes last year. 'Consumed' seems a curious word. And, b3r the way, we haven't been told how many cigars were im^bed. * * # Some men have no luck. At the Syd ney quarter sessions a man was sentenced to five years' jail for horse -stealing. Yet over in South Australia recently horses could be bought for a shilling each. Steal ing, in the circumstances, looks like doing something that could be done better if it weren't done at all. Even music has its material uses. Ow ing to Germany's supply of lead running short, the Government is reported to have seized the whole of the lead and zinc used in the production of music plates. These plates weigh over a pound each, and it is estimated that there are fully a million and a half of them in the country. It seems a roundabout way of doing things. If the. music is as bad as a lot of which Germany imports to Australia, a better plan would be to- play it to the enemy. ! When mankind is really civilised, the theatre of war will be refused a license. , It Is not so much the . artistic as the artist-'hic' temperament which is apt to mar genius. * & # They call it the Stock Ex-change — pos- sibly -ibeoause change of the fool who has speculated there belongs to the past. # ? *= # A new book by Ella Wheeler Wilcox is called 'The Art of Being Alive.' It's an art that certainly takes a good deal of thinking out just now. # # # Thus a cable item: — 'All those from the front agree that what the men in the trenches most want is news.' Evidently those who are at the war know as much about it as nobody. 'Some commercial concerns have facili | tated the enlisting of their employees,' I says Senator Pearce; Yes, by chucking them out, neck and crop, into a congested labor market, though that. is not what the Minister for Defence meant, of course. # # # A Chimpanzee which assaulted a police man in Sydney recently, tearing his uni form, has not yet appeared before a police court as is the custom when human beings indulge in similar pastimes. It is under stood 'the talent' are asking why 'this in jurious differentiation,' as Bruce Smith would say, on the part of the authorities. .# # # Last year Australia smoked 1,278,450,629 cigarettes — about 255 per head, or month, for every man, woman, and child in the Commonwealth. Considering that a good few women and babies don't smoke at all, and that a considerable number of men smoke a pipe, this means that several people must have smoked more than their share of cigarettes. However, they had to contribute £52,000 to the revenue for so doing. As if the smoking of 1,278,450,629 cigarettes wasn't punishment enough! 7 Nowadays about the only mining news worth reading comes from the North Sea* # * a Petrol is a bigger factor than gunpow* der in the present war.' Trust in God, but watch the oil supply. ' # ' # * ? So many fires are being reported in thd dailies lately that these are in danger of being considered incendiary publications. * «= # , ? A cookery column in one of the dailies gives a recipe for a meatless dish. There'll be a lot of that sort of dishes before long if the Beef Trust isn't squelched. # # ? # The Federal Government proposes to' impose a death duty and probate tax to help meet the heavy war expenditure. It is now up to rich patriots to get to work and die for their country. * # # - 'Dreadful thing, this war,' said the benevolent old gentleman in the park to the other occupant of the seat. 'My blanks'- oath it is,' said the latter, 'why, it's even sent up the price o' beer!1' * * * Look out for the Aktieselskabet Def Ostasiatiske Kompagni. /Don't be alarmed! It is only the native appellation of a Dan ish shipping firm which has decided to extend its operations to Australia. # # # On one of the N.S.W. railways the dally passenger train takes three hours to do 25 miles. A departmental notification in timates that this time-table 'is subject to alteration.' Well, it is something to knot? that the alteration can't be for the worse. # e # *R7'Via co \'C fVi o f wor len't rrnrv/4 -frvr* At Chiddingfold, in Surrey, England, the walking-stick industry is booming. The ticks are for the use of wounded soldiers. The crutch makers, too, must be feeling on excellent terms with themselves. # * . * A Sydney thief who had been arrested admitted his crimes and told the. police where the proceeds of robberies he had carried out with others could be found;! but when the police investigated they dis covered that the 'others' had got away with most of the booty. Evidently there! had been a lift in the loot. =» # # A quaint explanation came from a Syd ney -baker who gave evidence before the Necessary Commodities Commission. He was asked why so many half -loaves were sold. 'Well,' he replied, 'on the Edge cliffe-road nearly all the half -loaves are supplied to newly-married couples, who live' on bread and cheese and kisses.' j # # # ? - Somebody writes to the Melbourne . 'Age' protesting against the blowing of railway engine whistles at midnight. Still the trouble, after all, has its advantage. For if the whistles didn't blow, how would he know it was midnight? And, come to think of it, a man who knows when it is midnight, and is awake to know it, knows a good deal more than a lot 'of people. . «= * * The need for the continuation of what' . the Tories term 'a sane and progressive immigration policy' was illustrated again last Saturday at the White City. The ?management had advertised for grounds men and turnstile attendants, and half an hour before the time appointed' the crowd of applicants had reached hundreds. They were so eager for a job that their pressure broke down the gates and barricades, and they were so many that it took five hours to deal with them all. Undoubtedly this is another argument for a vigorous irrua&s; gration policy. * & * QUESTIONS. A verdict of suicide was recorded to day at the inquest concerning the death, of William Hindon, aged 61, who lived at 30 Lower Campbell-street, with Ah Foo and other Chinese, and was found dead last Friday with his throat cut. Con stable Scott gave evidence that Hindon was an opium smoker and drank to ex cess. — Sy'dney news item. . ' What dreams did lie dream in the old time, I - When life and its prospects were new, In the happy — the blue and the gold time1, Ere the world went grotesquely askew? Did he bracket his dreams with the boys* and : Was lie quite as good as the best, :- Ere the world (or himself) stole his joys', and . Consigned him to levels unguest? 1 Did he once have his splendid ambitions, Ideals that reached to the skies? % Did he start out on marvellous mission® With the fire of his race in his eyes? Did the task that he started look easy % ? ... Ere the. fire in his eyes became dim — Ere the voice of his purpose grew wheezy, And the ghosts of the world haunted him? And how came his black disillusion? Was it gambling, or women, or wine? What handicaps came in profusion? And, say, were the mills grinding fine? I know not; I only can guess them — What else can we venture to do? There are dreams, and the things that obsess them — ~ An :bpium den and Ah' Fob! \- ? ?, (.GIL. . 9 ' ' * 