I How the Uistermon was Evolved I . V J Ve ' " ' " -V X . : ... < | The Making of the Ulster Scot. :: :: ; .? . ' ' ... , : ' .77 ' . . ... «Jo Interesting Lecture by Professor Heron, D.D. | f . In the Assembly's College yesterday Rev. Professor Heron, D.D., delivered the dosing, lecture, his subject being \- '" The Making' of the, Ulster Scot." In- this course of a very instructive and (deeply interesting address Professor Heron said for some time past the Ulsterruan lias had concentrated on him a good deal of attention. He has been giving some moments oE an xiety and perplexity to statesmen. His , case and claims, I am told, have been a subject of keen debite among the students of . German universities ; while his decided and very un amiable ( disinclination to be treated as a. mere pawn in the game of politics, or to 1 be tossed about as a shuttlecock of parties,, has astonished and even pain- , ed some people. Now, this ordinarily : quiet and . ' industrious, steady and thrifty, but grimly determined, inde- ' pendent, intractable, unbending,' and disobliging person — who is he? .What . were his antecedents before he came to : Ireland > "Wliat .were the constitu ent elements and 7 manipulations that : went to the making of him? Of what sort was the laboratory wherein the' 'component .parts of him were put together 'aad formed and moulded? «.' , After referring to the fact that the Scotch settlers in Ulster came chiefly .from the. ancient kingdom of Stratli- : clyde, the counties around-. Edinburgh, 7 aiid the district .' lying between Aber- . deen and. Inverness 'Professor Heron v ; continued— as a necessary preliminary, " however, some .7 NOTICE MUST BE TAKEN OF THE 77 . . PICTS, ' . . wnp/nefu aunost. tne wnoie 01 tne country, we now. call ' Scotland when.it' 7 begins to -emerage into the light o£ 7 -history. , A Keen controversy i;" as to 7- the; racial , connection pUth' Picfe' ;in . .'. which the Scottish" historians Pinker- 7 ton aud, Chalmers, towards the end of . ./Die eightpenth century, were the chief i protagonists, - raged for many years, Pinker ton maintaining that they, were Teutons. n.nd. .' Jiis opponent ' arguing with equal vigor that they were Celts. 1.' .The verdict, of the (latest and best mo- dejiff experts is Ihat the- Picts were neither .Celts, nor Teutons, but . were . .the aborigines of Scotland.- In Strath, clyde. there /appears to have been . a considerable .substratum of Pictish ab- origines. " But' . " overlying them - and constituting the- dominant element in the population, were the Britons, or 7 Brythonic Celts, wlio formed the Brit- 7: ish kingdom- of Strathclyde. They ' were in close . kinship with the Welsh.' 7 That, .then is the first thing to. be no- 7 'ted;- ivith' regard to -this region— that 7 prior to . the. coming of the Romdns,' 77 and -.later, Galloway is - chiefly - popula- ted by Pictish aborigines and Strath- 77 ' clyde by Britons, who were "Brythonic ;S. .7 Celts,'.- akin to the Welsh. ;7 ; The second fact is the invasion of 't ' North 'Britain by the Romans. Dr. 7; Maoewen, in his ' recent "/History of 7 the .Church 'in Scotland" (p. 18), J . : qays that with the Picts and Britons // there was "blended ' a mongrel half- .foreign elemcmt; the residue of the Ro- man population. ..This element is difficult to explain in its relations to native life, but it .is extremely . his torical both in itself and in its influen ces." He . describes the people even at .this early .date, as "the hybrid in habitants, of, Strathclyde;" while. Dr. ( Zimmer points out: that Patrick >in his letter, to Corpticus speaks of the sub jects of Coroticus in Strathclyde as being of both British and Roman des- cent. . We have' next to record the influx into, the whole province of Galloway and Strathclyde of A TEUTONIC PEOPLE. In ihe words of Skene, " Galloway was for centuries a province of the Anglian kingdom' of Northumbria" ("Celtic Scotland," Vol." 1., .p. 3ll); and the same' is ' true of Strathclyde also, Bed informs ifs. for example, that in/ the .year 603 Aethelfrid, King of Northii'mi/ria, "ravaged the Britons more than all the great men of the Angles . ITe conquered moire territory from the Britons, either making them tributory or expelling the inhabitants and -planting Angles in "their places, than any' other king'" (" Eccl. Hist." B.T:- c. 2-t).- " Mark the policy of the Northumbrian' King, as described .. by Bede,;:of' "expelling the inhabitants and planting Angles in their places" —a policy which seems to have . been pursued by their successors. By 1 the repeated ravriges, slaughter, and ex pulsion; of ; the. native Britons, they must have been imnienselv reduced in number, while the possession and do mination "of , the . province for ; so long A ' " . A 11 JL A n"1 . I A.M - A MAAMI 0% Of . jJCtiUU UT bliC lAiwUIUL whose 'pblicy .it. was , to "expel the natives and to/plant Angles. jn../ their std;/7,caniiot7b7u.t' ' / liave""'ad<3ed ; a,: large .and .powerful'; : Teutonic element to a .population' .already much reduced and mixed 'with other Celtic ingredi ents. / But we come now ? to another Teutonic invasion " which must have still inore' profoundly ' affected them— the seizure and occupation of both Galloway and Strathclyde BY THE SCANDINAVIANS. There, is a record in the "Ulster An nals", to. the effect , that in 822 "Gal loway of "the Britons was laid waste with all, its dwellings and its Church." But in .870 again both.- Stralhclyde and Galloway were devastated by the terrible Northmen;' Alclyde was taken and demolished, and . many 'captives and much bpoty carried awky;" And the chronicler, Svmeoh of ijurham, re cords another desperate invasion . of the . same ' territories by the Danes' 7 in 875; when they laid waste the.-i'countiy and "made great slaughter ." of ' the inhabitants.' As was inevitable,' these Northmen left their niark; deep oh Galloway and Stfathclyde; and added a strong' Teutonic ingredient to the stipulation. " It is. plain," , says , Sir Herbert -Maxwell, " from the ! place- names of Norse origin scattered through the stewartry arid the shire that thefe: was permanent Scandina vian' settlement' there " (': History ;.oi Dumfries and Galloway,'' p. 38).' ...A Norwegian witter, quoted by 'Macker- lie, states that "the language of , 'the Lowlands of Scotland is so much like that of Scandinavia that the Scottish seamen wrecked on the coast of "Jut land and Norway have been able- to converse without difficulty in their- mother- tongue with the people ' there." In short, nothing in. Scottish .history is ..more : certapi than that a very lirge infusion of Danish and Norse blood has been given : to the people of Gal loway and Strathclyde. ; In view of the repeated devastation and " depopu lation of the country by war and ' by emigration of ' the ' natives; " ahd ' the large. influx and colonisation1 by Sean dina\»ans, that infusion riitfii't have been very- large indeed. Rut "We have to notire - in tb next place the great est revolution of all 1 in the. hist'&ry; of this region, and.' of nearly '' aU " Scot land , . the . revolution caused by the INFLUX. OF SAXONS; AND NOR- " ' MANS/ Through the troubles in, England' consequent on the llanith and. Gor man invasions," says Dr.- Hume Brown "a succession of, Saxon settWiierosa- ed the Tweed in search of the' peaha they could not find at home. La. it- , self this immigration must' have pow-i erfully affected the course of Scottish ) history ; but under the Saxon Margar-' et ahd her sons the- Southoi'n ihfluence. was directed and" cbncentraled -With' ' a deliberate persistence' thkt. eyeptually'- r educed the Celtic element to a subsi diary place in the developmeni=pf the Scottish nation." "The -form 7 in which the Conquest' was (' first f pit; in' Scotland," says 'Div .Hill Burton, '"was,, by a steady migration of the Saxon 'people northward. ' -They found in Scotland people of -their own'rac:&, 'h-hd/ made a marked addition to. the/';, pre;' dominance of the Saxon aud Teutonic, elements. . . . . Froin this period," "he adds, "we find a stream of' Saxpn;ahd.' Norman settlers pouring" .xhtd 'Scot land. They came not as .conqirerors;' and yet they came to possess thelland/ With amazing rapidity, sometimes "by" Royal rrranta, and sbine times'. 7v. by ad-7 vantageous marriages, . they acquired the most ..fertile districts , -from.1 ' the' Tweed to.'theFentlabd - Firth, ,and'7 ab' most every noble' family in Scbtlond now -traeesTrom them its;' descent". The; strangers brought With, them .English' otviAsation." It is certainly not go ing too far to- say, as . Mr. Andrew- Lang does, that "the long reign "of QIAJrnlni ponmnrn - ttifanoiliAJ -J ' THE SWAY OF ENGLISH IDEAS, and increased the prepotency/ of the English element." ; It, was, /however, by David I. (1124-1153), who has been. called "the maker of Scotland,-" that more was , done in the way. of /Ang-' licising, Teutonising, , ' and, revolution- ising that country. »than by any of his predecessors. And noqr it is ; by Nor man rather thah by SaXon agency and influence tbat the revolution Is effect ed. 7 Of .the nation itself, it may be said," Dr. /Brown remarks, " that the Teutonic element had now the prepon derating influence in directing its af fairs. The most valuable parts of the country -were in the hands of man ' of Norman and Saxon descent, - and the towns owed their prosperity 40 the same people." ' So , much with" regard to the Saxons aud Normans, who, for more than a century and a half con tinued to flood Scotland, and to make- the. race predominant in the country. But. the entrance. o£ yet another Teu tonic element has now to be recorded. "One great cause of the wealth and prosperity of Scotland "during these early times," says the well-known his torian Mr. Eraser T.vtler; ," vvas the .settlement of - multitudes , of Flemish merchants, in the country,' who brought with them the knowledge of trade and manufactures and the habits of . appli cation and industry. . In 1155 ' Henry H. . banished all foreigners from" his dominions, and the Flemings, ' ofi whoni there were great numbers in Entrland, eagerly ilocked into the neighboring country, which offered them a near and safe asylum. We can trace " the settlement of - these industrious citizens' during the twelfth and ; thirteenth cen turies in almost every part of S.eot- £ ajk illnEwi' hi St. Andrews/ Pei?U,rttbaftoa' -Peebles, Lan- ark, BdmburIi, and in the districts . of Renfrewshire, Clydesdale, arid - An- uandaie, in Fife, in Angus, ,'n Aber deenshire, and as far north . as Wer- nesp and Urquhart." < Try now; to' REALISE THE j-TRANSFDRMA- '- ' , TION.' I . which in the'; course'of more than 1000 years of eventful history— of . repeated j slaughterings, emigrations, and colon isations — the inhabitants of ; .Galloway and Strathclyde have undergone.-. \ye have", first of all, as: aborigines . the Ricts; ' w-ho were not Celts, but . who continued to survive in considerable nuinbers. We have next the British, of Brythonic Celt, akin to the Welsh, who subjected but did not expel the Picts! We have the numerous Roman campaigns against, the British, in which large numbers of . the latter were .slain or carried captiyt, and in the course of a Roman occupation of 200 years' duration the addition ,of more -, or less of a Rojnan element. We have next for a long period, meas- ured'by centuries, its possession,, and domination by the ., Teutonic . North- junibrians an immense reduction of the niunber of the native inhabitants by .war, captivity, and actual emigration, aiid' the. settlement . there of many Angles. We have, then, its capture and occupation by , the Northmen, " and a/ powerful addition of Danish and 'Norse, blood to the population. Moat' imporiant of all, we have for a peri od of more (than a century pouring, in to, the country a continuous stream of Saxon and' Norman colonists, who, in. conjunction with, other Teutonic set- , tiers, soon took the upper hand and beckme:,pioBiinant. And, , finaUyj: we' have" ipflow 'of- a-, multitude, -/of; Flemings/, who were . also /Teutons,'. ih.-.''tras;n(Stionably ih"7". the . iV- InVaihs' oi/ f'/V /. . . ;./' 7/rteE''iE . midlandTBRITO : a, Celtic, . element, ;.'i.vwhich, hoceyer/i r through- intermarriage- ahd-fusioh./ - of- : the.'aces- in .thel tj-veifth- end/ihirteenthf :wnturie9,.sdbn,ceased in- ihe : Lowlands ' ' tip. .be ''a-'.'', separate .& and i r/appreSpia ; quantity'.'; . ByA , that- s ' int- niarria'ge 1'aCe, distinctions / were obliterated,/ and . \- vliejScpttish people 'of //the' Lowlands' J a.mWg'amatedj-and' consolidated inlo ' . a( : compact. ahity..«:aw'hicli:. the .Celtic ele- liqeht had. 'become ded-idedly 'exiguous.', i;inc'e-the twelfth ajf«,'"-.J saya'.aj&K.;' iLmes,;'.": we: have v no. - fiirthe'r ' mention ' pfitheiilenses ;or '.-.Welsh; (' the./ re: /mains /of .the old; Midiaiod Britons') in ! those ;parts_ as ta distinht peopje/they' being insensibly so united /with - - -and,' (incorporated into one people with the' ! rest -of-, the' inhabitants of 'that coun- itrv; (that-i'-'in the : following age they appealed 'no less eclipsed or ! vanished 'than? if .they -had left the country." Father 'InU.es is rikognised as one of j the' most learned, best informed, -and £v wheats A eoMM VW ft iturff how to the second territory, in-, i eluding 'Edinburghshire, Haddingtoja- jshire; and Berwickshire/ which pcovid.- ed a considerable number of the. 'Ul ster- colonists of King Jamea's"IJlanta- tion. 'These are all named in the re- cords as having supplied hot a few of the Ulster undertakers . and; settlers. Now, the whole district from the Tees ;to the Forth, embracing these 'coun ties, was "early taven popsession -of by a -Teutonic people. By the victory of the Scottish King, Malcolm II/, over Northumibria at Carhajn in 1018, the whole ..territory, from the Tweed . to the. Forth, containing . the counties named, was ceded to Malcolm. This cession o f ' , : WHAT WAS NOW /CALLED. ,- . LOTHIAN- ' was one of the most momentous and epoch-making events in/ Scottish his tory,'' for it added a rich, fertile, Teu tonic, and English-speaking province to the. Scottish kingdom, which before long became the central and predomi nation influence in the nation,' " It involved nothing less than ..the trans ference to another race of the main destinies of a united Scottish .people," and . the Anglicising of ail Lowland Scotland (Hume "Brown, p. -43). But -what 1 ask you vei-y particularly- to notice is that the people occupying that region of Lothian, which sent a vei-y considerable number of colonists to Ulster, were Angles or English, so? that it is quite "certain that the Ulster immigrants from that area were to all mtents'" and purposes of purely ' Teuto nic- blood. We pass finally to that wide territory north ;of. the Eorlh, knoum in early times as Bictland. and which gave many emigrants to Ulster. It is '.known 1 that a good many years later than the actual Plantation un der King Fames a large number of people came from the region that lies between Aberdeen and. Inverness, the ancient province /of Moray. In a cur ious, book of. ."Travels"' by! Sir "William r Breretdn, tlie'i adthor states' /RHat ih? . .July, 1.635, he ( came to thei' house of Mri -' Jajnes Blare, in ikvine;'' Ayrshire/ WhoinfbnneH him thpt "abbvoV ld.OOOi 'persons have- within - two years last past left thq country wherein they liv- ed. which was betwixt ' Atterdine and Ehuemess, and are. /gone for Ireland; tl»v have 'come by one hundred ', in compaBy through this; town/, and 30U have gone hence togeiher, . sjuppbd' for Ineiaud at one . tide'.'" Now; what is the previous history _ of that province of ancient Moray?, lj-ing between Aber deen and " Inverness, from \yhich , they emigrated! Ft >vas . originally inhabit ed by Pictsi a- non-Cdtic /people. But its later history is.,- noteworthy. It was one of the ieuri'tofjes ; which the Northmen took . possession of anil made their own. ? In 875 Thorstein the Red, a Danish leader,,: added ;Caithness, Sutherland,. Ross, aud; Moray to his dominions. -Later the sqme territory was seized by, ihe Norse 'Jarl Sigurd, who ruled, over it . till/his death at THE BATTLE ,|)F Q vvhen he ivas ' su<eded my his son. The.zfina, so that for . a: /long pKtad it vvbd prartically. a province! df /Norway. Skene says that the. Mormaers and the men of Moray " had ' as often ba«n subjeut to the Norwegian earls, as they had been to tffe Scottish kings." It- is known, that, occupying , ..that pro vince for. so long a series of y8ars, the Northmen, added, . - a. strong Norse .element to the blood ; of the .'.wliile /it /was ;l-te . sceqe of hiany : coaj. illicts'' which must/ havh -greatly, dimin- ishgd'.the. natiye population. .But ahr' otiier vigorous' Teutomc/irejdient was; still fo be given to. 'ii,'.. .Tii'e.qldsprbyri uti-e of Moray -was/ one ol.tbqsefspemhltq ly/faybred by a- J ageyhnd Mberal Nor-; /)m>&>jeqlbhisailon. . ...Rftiie rapid, sur- iyey' I hya. given;' the' thing that most .Strikes; pne i». !;the great -Variety of races ; that .have . Wmbincd Vo. produce?' ihe. Lowland Scot, whether he resides oh .fihe other .side or. on.- this side -vpf . the//Ghahhol. . Pict! and/ Celt, Roman,, Frisiuh, /Angle," and ;. S»xqn, rDane.t ahd- .Norwegian, . Nprmah , pud .Fisnting-k-tOTi; different, .nalt.qnaiities-have all-; .gone . : to the making, of -him'. .. it . is , not to .any. one;,' constituent, but to. the -qnion-. and. combination, in himself -.of. /such/a; great, .yariety' of. ; , vigorous / elements. -.titfti1 he .owes; tho$;e-dlai(Riye ...traits.: and qualities .which '/distinguish . him from other men. . . If r you;,. ask.-' -.what; piy»portidn thaCelt bears/to. theother. nationalities which have 7 united tin the amalgam whidh we call . the "Ul-.. ster Scot," my own iihpression is that the Angle ana. the. ! Saxpn,. jhe-Dane. and the Norwegian, the Norman ; and he Fleming, aU . of , which have gone.. in, his formaAon , when. taken; tocrether. 'MAKE A CO3EBINATI9N ; / 7; -77 ' by which, I imagine, the- Celt in -him .- is: overpowered .-and'- dominated; '-That': is my impression, b.ut you- can-' guage the justice of , ft by. tlie .facth? which - -I have placed, before, you:' ... And the course of .tne subsequent historv. seems' to justify this view. 'It is. significant that, "after the amalgamation of the races to which I have referred, ' the people of the .Lo.wlahds should be habitually regarded and spoken of as Sassecachs, ahd the Highlanders and the Highlanders of the West as Celts. After the Twrtouisatioh of; the., former, and the fusion or ' the ' races, and when the unahsorbed Celtic population v.-as confined mainly to the Western Highlands and Islands, . it was almost inevitable that there ahould be a -. de termined and final struggle on ! the part of the letter to maintain, .if. not their predominance, at least their in dependence. . Such ' a derisive strnggla actually occurred at the famous and desperate battle - - - of Harlaw in 1411 . Sir Walter Scott was mora than - a . mere' writer of rogoptaace.' From . . his early yearj he had given special inter' est and continued attention, .to anti quarian pursuits and la the past his tory of the country, an intercut which appears in the histo.rica! cast and character of so nj any' of his tales. Ft is true he wrote! under a p&rsdnpl; bias against the men of the Covenant, out that Fie was exceptionally familiar with antiquarian past history of Scot land is beyopd quelfbn. Now,_ Sir Walter Scott' habitually 'represent th# Lowlandois as "Saxonsi'7 (which he uses as an equivalent , for " Teutons") 2 and the Highlanders as Celts - But Z Scott-' is not alppe In this repretewte.-, # tion. I have given the statements of Z Dr. Hume Brown, the .historiographier Z Royal of Scotland, and. . proisafeoj: of ..aneaeni; Scottish liistory and palaebg- 2 Taphy in' Edinburgh University. ,1 shall Z only trouble von v.'-th the deliberate A judgmeat' of another modem historian w who has trarri'ted the whole field 7' of Spoitish histdrr.. , The Scots," -ori- z /yually' Irish,'.' ay's Mr. Andrew Lang, Z " hays given their/ name to a UenstTy .5 -'wh'Syedf, perhaps, /the greatest part of 2 the ijaqtives are. / 1 - . -.A AS-ENGjjlSII IN BLOOD . -| as they. 'are in spaerh." The exact 2 proportion .off. 'the/ Celt1 in the . Lowland 4 Scotahia'nldr -.the-'Ulsterman it is . now v impossible ,to. measure with 'precfisipn ''2 It . is"the: fact that so many different 2 races 'have . united in. producing btm — 2 that '.the: blood- not '©ply of the ' Pict u and the -Gait, but .of the Frisian, the /Angle;. an'd; the Saxon, the Norwegifth,- a and .the Dane; .the-. Norman and - the Fleming, all intermlngled, is flowing 4 in ; his veins— that /serins to :&<«< -'-tbe' A main, thing! to be noted in the making- 2 d£ him, the secxet 'to which he owes f the distinguiahing . features in his char-. 4 acter: -What are .-they ? To summhr- 4 iss theaa in -a sentence, are they not j soabtluHg like: these ? An econpaiy. J and even parsimony of words, ' wliich .3 does not always' betoken a poverty "of 4 ideas, an: insuperable dislike to wear 4 .his hedrt upon bti sleevc. or make a display . of the- deeper and more tender J rtf " V>io 1 M>H4M«UI - _ 0-I ; J ' r ; 2, aaq.UA 4 demonstrative" deportmezrt which may have great firmness 'and determination .behmd- it y a-. doiir; exterior which may j : a reaLly gonial disposition and < nxiMt caution, waxyiss. and resenre, but % decision energy of. < d ' teaaacity of purpose, ii a?' asi® Eaoch Ardanl ! 1 h®ld his will ancf bear ».f through;" 4 & very decided practical faculty which 4 "i!- Q e-v h the'' main, chance, 'but , which may co-exist with a deep-lying < , of sentiment; a capacity for hard work and close application to busi-' 4 ness, which, with thrift and patient i persistence, is apt to bear fruit in considerable success; in short, a ' re- -serve of stcength, self-reliance, eour- age.- and endurance which, 4 WHEN AN EMEEGENGY DE- 1 MANDS ,/ J (as bab'nd the Walls of Berry.), bwa a sui-prise the world. Where did he get ! there traits ? Did he get. them from 4 the Celt ? I rather think not. ' The '< qualities which, in his "Religion f -the -.Ancient- Celts," ' CullOch specifies- as in, all times 'J the distinctive characteristics of \ the Celt ace — ". loquacity, vanity, ; ex- < citability, fickleness, imagination., love '< of the romantic. sentimental live of 7 country , religiosity passing easily over 4 to supers titution '/—most of' .them the i exact antithesis to what' you find in 'A the Ulster Scot. .1 conclude that' ihe 4 Gelt in the UXrterman is treated. by the other races that unite' in k-Lm vex much as the "daft body/' in . Dean < Ramsay's story was treated by the turkey-tock. He was "sairly haddea 1 douh," It is. evident that thb ' Gcifiie i strain in the blood of the ' Ulster .< Scot is " sairly fiaddsn doun" by that varied coaglomeriite of powerful Ten- < tepte Angredfehts which have conspired < in- the nxakipg- of him, and which' set him in the most obvious, glaring, and 4 piquant contrast with the typical ! Celt, Irish or other,— The "Northam , Whiz." 1 - '/ ; /. . /. # , ' 7 / " J'"/" 'fy 7/ 4 TOM DAWSON Popohr Comeiiaa sow Appearing at 'tlie Tivo!i. 1 : :'/ .0 ' '' / ' - '' / ,'t/ '. ,. ' . S' ' : : :. ,7/ ' A. '" -"'7 '"-''V ' : y #. - A" ' 