[?] Huued by the lN?EnNATipNA$ SECUETAUUf of National Trade (Ttiiqn Centre*. (Affiliated membership over 7 million.) * ? ? »??????? .i *,..+* 'm^m ? ?- ? ?!-? Brief Labour Notes from All Countries. '? Berlin, February 6, 1914. Creat Britain. A conference which was attended by the representatives of 48 religious bodies and 58 workers' organisations recently took place in Newcastle; its object \vao to bring about a better un derstanding 'between ibe church and Labour. Among the delegates was the leader of the Labour .party and various well-known Labour leaders. United states. . Numerous strike-breaker and spy agencies are in operation, which supply spies (in times of peace), who enter the various works *as workers to incite the employees to any indiscretion which might suit the purpose of the employer. Similar agencies are now springing up, which offer their ser vices to the trades unions. Their aim is to unmask the spies in the trades unions^ to '-? 'bring them to account and to afisist the trades unions in the case ot Itrikes, etc. Ill vi^* of the numerous complaints concerning the increasing unemploy ment in all the towns of North America, the Director of the Public Welfare Board in New York announced tteft! a public meeting of unemployed would take place on the next day. with ine consent of the Slavers, for the pur pose of discussing his, and various other proposals for the fighting unem ployment. Canada. Having regard to the great unem ployment, further emigration to the Pacific ports or, to British Columbia is forbidden by .the-1 Canadian Gorern ment. Only Chinamen are excluded — from this regulation ; but tb ~r -hare to pay ait amount of £100 before being admitted into the country, as before. Belgium. The Brussels chauffeurs jyho were formerly net organised were successful in getting the price of benzine reduced, to the former ngure (upon same being raised from 18 to 22 centimes), in se curing a reduction of the amount de ducted for tyres, and jn obtaining pay ment for time spent in garage during repairs, etc. The majority of thr chauffeurs joined a union, which had just been established, during the move ment. The trial of the 57 members of the executive of the etrike committee of the Belgium Seamens- Federation, who are supposed to have made attempts upon the 'liberty of the workers' upon the occasion of the last great strike, should begin on February 9. The officials ihtruisted with the investi gation at the lime of the strike, in structed tHe strike-breakers to report' all cases of molestation. The trial has been adjourned til! June at the request of the complainants. A workman's bank has been opened in Ghent by the trade union and- co operative organisations of the modern trades, union movement. Germany. , Among the most interesting papers of the German Labour Movement may be counted the 'Neue Xeit,' the paper for blind 8oeialir.tB. This paper, which' is printed in npeeial type, has been published for over five years. So severe is tho censure on the Ger man' Labour Press that the editors of one paper alone, the 'Erfurt Workers Journal' (Arbeiterblalt), have spent altogether 1.5 years, eight months, and one wtek in prison since this paper was established 25 years ago. 11,220 marks' had -to be 'paid in fines, whilst the legal costs totalled 34,500 marks. Each number of the 'Tribune,' which has been published for 25 years, has cost. 5 k hours of liberty and 6s. 9d. in fines. ' Russia. The official Lodizer Committee, rep resenting commerce and industry, i.s \- greatly concerned by the fa.e.1 that the ; workers suffer r-o much through the desperate housing conditions, and the excessive rents. This committee re cently appealed to Government to ex empt the houses of the workers from taxation for 10 years, in order that the rents may be reduced ; thus, to a cer tain extent, solving the disturbing question. 'Jhe committee, which is, of course, prompted by purely 'humani- tarian motives.' was ashamed to f-tiite that this exemption would do more iu wards placing extra money in the pockets of the employees than to reduc ing .the rents for the workers. Bloody Sunday, was commemorated nil o/ver Russia, by menus of f.trikfR. Tbej; stoppage was especially fjreat in Russia and I?i-i:i where work eanio to a standstill in almost all great works. The Government has drawn up a new Press Act, which is being discussed by a committee of the Duma. The new law renders still severer the existing reactionary regulations, and is hostile to the workers to the extent that only men with at least Grammar school edu cation may act as editors. Should this Act come into force same will strike the trades union papers epecially hard. Austria. Negotiations for the settlement of the strike among the printers began on January 20 and hjave led . to an agreement in the meantime, but not before almost the half of those en gaged in the movement had secured their demands. Should any further difficulties arise, they are to be settled through arbitrations ..boards. Portugal. Trades Union Congress has had to be postponed as a consequence of the political unrest. All kinds of trades unions will take part in the congress, and it is hoped for certain that a united trades union federation will be the result of the negotiations. Hie International Federation of Trades Unions will be represented at the con gress by Barrio, Madrid, the secretary of the Spanish Trades Union Centre. The strike among the railwaymeu was broken up with real South African brutality. Philllpines. The establishing of a federation was decided upon at a Labour Congress re cently heid in Manila. This federa tion will probably affiliate with the AiMeTumir^^edef atiori of r Labour . The progressive spirit which has already secured certain amendments and im provements in the Phillipine Mauds is noticeable in the Labour Movement as ..ell, and is reflected in the decision at the last congress to unite the uniju;. i» one great federation, whose duty it should be to strike .tor a moral and material improvement iu the condi tions of the workers and to defend their interests and rights, etc. Unemployed insurance. The General Commission of the Gei-- man Trades Unions has published a asw edition 'of its ' Unemployment Benefit. in Empire, State, and Munici pality.' This edition, which is much lafger than the first (1911), contains uk completion of the trades union statistics for the year 1910, the reso lutions of the Gorman Trades Union Congress in Dresden (1911) and tht laws and municipal rules concerning unemployment insurance? issued since 1911\. The memorial is being sent to all Governments, Parliaments, and municipal administrations, as well as &e; editors of a greater number ot papers. It is to be hoped that unem ployment, which is always increasing, nil! force a great number of municir ..wlities into adopting the same mea ;ares. Unions and Emigration. Complaints are continually being re ceived concerning the difficulties ex perienced by the trades unionists emi grating to America in their attempts u» remain true to the trades union '. uovcnient in their new home. For tunately the old and mischievous bar riers are being swept aside. It is being more and more recognised that .it is in tiie interests of the trades unions themselves to admit those trades - union - educated immigrants. The leaders of the Federation of Labour and various central bodies are using their influence in order, to bring about a change in this direction. The New York Jewish Local Trade? Council, which has nearly a quarter oi ;i million members, has instruct, d I r Bakers' Trade 'Union,, which are affili ated with the former, to repeal their regulation concerning the exclusion .if new members or be expelled from ibe tr.-ifloK rniincil. Threp of the -trades unions conformed, and thrre did not-, the latter Mere at once expelled. Their expulsion from the American Bakers' Federation was then proposed. In this, as in other cases, it is a matter of workers who are immigrants them selves, but who wish to prevent any body else coming into the country. They will have to learn that in doing tl lio they are breeding strike-breakers ; they should get into closer touch with the foreign countries from which the emigrants are drawn in order to check the flood of emigrants tit its source. The question of emigration will doubtless be a ma Her of great impor tance to many ni' the European trades iininnr, during tho cowing years. I'll Germany, for instance, the number of loreign workers assisted into the ;cojintr^2y'1ihB^o^ -me million. Even when tHese, workers, -return to their-4iomee-afc--ibe -;lose -of 4/he season, the whole system presents a great danger to the agricultural and the industrial labourer. T4ie -trades unions in Denmark and Austria are always complaining about the arti ficially stimulated emigration from the East.' Only a few days ago the 'Huraanitv,' the French Socialist daily, raised a protest against the, wholesale importa tion of Chinese. They are engaged for the vineyards, where the Frenchmen were successful in obtaining consider able improvements in their wages and conditions of labour last year. Trades unionism is to be stamped out of our French comrades by this means, since the importation of Italians has, up to now, failed in this purpose,. The same in the case of Northern France, where the coal and iron magnates are im porting Russians in great 'numbers., Jii'o workers' trades unions are oppos ing this with ail their might. Ths Oookcrs of Copenhagen. The Danish National Centre writes us : The strike in Copenhagen is still raging. The company has been suc cessful in obtaining 300-400 blacklegs during the course of the strike, chiefly the vagabonds of the greater towns. It has been proved that numerous Ueket-of-leave criminals have found work in the free harbour. Only a few bona-fide workers may be found, workers from the more remote and back ward parts of the country. Recruiting is being carried on all over the country, although the Anti- Socialist press all over the country had given the assurance weeks before that there were enough workers obtainable and that the strike was therefore lost! A great portion of the new 'workers' is quartered in the buildings surrounding the harbom — in order to escape the pickets. The conduct of the etrikers is irre proachable, not a man has turned blackleg. Instead of weakening the solidarity of the workers the strike has had just the opposite- effect. They iVere f armerlj- divided into three trades jinions— ^lockersj coal . workers, ? jmd_ iorkers In T3ie freeHiiarbours. These three organisations have now amalga mated into one unified organisation for ill local harbour workers. The Etrikers ire drawing full benefit becides cer tain grants from the unions. They will 'je able to conduct the fight, which ha.-i jeen forced upon them by the rich free 'larbour company at the instigation of th'- Employers' Society, for a longtime yet. Lookout Threatened in Norway, Consequent upon certain small works disputes, the Norwegian Employers' Federation has given the trades unions notice of a great lockout, affecting th? noulders and cabinet-makers thrdugh jut the whole country, numbering 1500 ind 1100 respectively . A further 169 vorksj with 6000 workers, in tho north - 'rn districts of the country, will also le involved. The lockout among the cabinet workers was the result of a ?-rike amdhg the cabinet workers in tfaugefiujid. An understanding has ?een arrived at '.between tlie persons lirectly. concerned, but the Employers' federation refuses to recognise the agreement, probably as a pretext for Uie general strike. Largest Union in the World. The greatest- trades', union in the world, the German Metal Workers -^deration, is composed of the follow ing separate trades: Wire workers, turners, etc., electrical fitters, file Miakers, tenter-hook makei-B, stokers ind enginemen, blast furnace workers, tjopperrmiths, mechanics, metal stam prrn, metal polishers, needle workers, optical workers, strikers, litters, rolling mill workers, shipyard workers, female workers, . tin .moulders, moulders and foundry helpers, gold, workers and en gravera, tinsmiths and gas, etc., fitters, 'liiitliK, labourers, etc., workers other than metal workers. This again .'?hows the extraordinary progress mode in the .German 'Metal Workers' Federa tion, and also that the principle of the industrial federation, in spite of all diHiculties, is making' headway. Miners' Strikes in America. The strike among the copper, mineru 'if Calumet, Michigan, has now been .'?aging over six months, Tho condi fions which existed in this district -ip Lo the time of the declaration of the .'.-?trike are almost without parallel in the whole of the dark hutory of capi talism.. The desperate and dastardly methods employed by the capitalists in their attempts to prevent tho men from organising, the cruel victimisation niid ultimate banishment from the district I of such miners as dared to further en danger their wretched existence by or» giinising, and the deplorable- conditions under which the miners had to work, i»oth as regards long houi!s and inade quate pay, drove these brave workers to reaching out their hands to the lust weapon of the wage-earners — the strike. No sooner had tho ?;trike, in which ](-,O00 miners took part, begun, than the mining corporation!., who, by th--. way, seem to have got the military, municipal, and police authorities in 13ie palmTof their relentless 'hand, even 4ifl---tiiey- had striven-to-do -in the case of the miners,; are TeBorling to stielr measures as would create a sensation ven in Russia, and as would be toler ated by no other civdised jiountry^ The words 'lnoriey-bttgE'7 and 'mailed h'st' have become almost synonymous; here we have the 'mailed fist' without discipline, and lawless ness, the mightiest of the capitalistic strongholds. As though the military wore insufficient for the work_of , mur der, molestation, and rapine, the capi talists have engaged armed ruffians to assist the soldiers in firing upon the. miners and ar.Hiiulting their w'ives and daughters. Finding that the miners were ada mant and that strike-breakers could not be imported* it was decided to establish a, 'Citizens' Alliance.' All those who refused to join this .Alliance were threatened with the ruin of their business and deportation. The sworn purpose of this club was to destroy jrganised Labour. ,A veritable reign of terror set in, the law was trampled under foot, professional men and minis ters of religion became rampant anar chists, the Circuit .Judge and the Sheriff were seized and made to do the 'ridding of the 'Alliance' under threat of deportation. But this has not inspired one atom of fear into the hearts of the miners, neither have they ljudged one inch. Russian Railwayman. The i-ecent railway disasters in Rue =ia have exposed the miserable condi tions under which the railway em ployees in Russia mu&t; work. Theat workers are subject to the arbitrari ness of their 'superiors' in regard U common rights, whilst they have U luffier much at the hands of the rail vay police. The despotism of tlie latter ia tso great that not only tht tower officials and workers fall vie tims to same ; ' erpionage is rife and much depends whether the officials and workers make a, ^sufficient display of humility. * And now-^tojthe- economic eonditions __ of' the employees^' Vfe 'take tlie rollow ing from an article _in the Liberal Press : — ' 'A signalman received 15 roubles per month (1 rouble— 2s 2d), a station watchman 12 roubles, a woman working on level crossing 4 roubles. (!) permanent-way men 12 to 16 roubles. A slight increase has taken place lately as there was a great scarcity of workers in the branch. The fluctuation among the lower officials is enormous. Dur ing the last five or six years the whole stuff has been renewed ; this is about as bad »s it could be. The result of what has been stated is that tl'p safety of passengers and the security of ^oods are entrusted to officials who have no previous knowledge of the »vork, who are paid like beggars, who ire beaten down itnd have to put up rtith the worst of maltreatment, men who have no interest for their work, vho have, for the most part, accident ally fallen into their positions and re gard same only as a passing employ ment. Sick Insurance in Norway. The Norwegian Government is about to revise the Sick Insurance laws, and to provide a motherhood insurance. The whole of the insured women and tlw wives of the insured workers will re ceive a benefit in the ease of confine ment amounting to 40s. in the eaeo if women not-, actually insured them .elves, and a weekly benefit of 6s. in the case of insured women. Besides his, the mother receives ths servicss )f a midwife free, a woman beiiig specially appointed to act in this capa jity in every district. The annual ex penditure ol' the motherhood insuramo is estimated at l,300,000kr., of which imdunt 20 par cent is met by tho vtate, 10 per c?nt .by both the muni cipality and the employer, and the re mainder by the insured. 