Children’s Cot. Each year an effort is made in the Sunday schools of Bendigo and district to interest the children in the cot known as the Sunday School Cot in the Ben- digo Hospital. In every school to-morrow an appear will be made, and a collection taken up. The united committee, which has the matter in hand, and which has in the past succeeded in raising a con- siderable sum for this deserving object, appeals to the parents of the children to assist them once again in this matter and see that a liberal response is made. City Sewerage. Yesterday’s Council meeting the Loan Committee was deputed to go into the Sewerage Bill, which is at present be- fore Parliament, for the purpose of sug- gesting any amendments to the Bill. The committee will meet at an early date. City Court. The Mayor, Cr. D. Andrew, and Mr. W. Cowling, J.P., occupied the bench at the City Court yesterday morning. P. J. Lynch was fined £1 for not putting in an appearance in answer to a fraud sum- mons, in which he was proceeded against by H. A. Ross. The bench also dealt with a number of undefended debt cases. Domestic Accident. Mrs. W. Arnott, a widow, who re- sides at the corner of Lily and McKenzie Streets, was carrying a heavy kettle of boiling water from her kitchen on Thursday morning, when her foot caught in a mat and she fell heavily on the hard wood floor, breaking her right arm near the wrist. Fortunately, however, she escaped further injury from the kettle of water, which shot clear of her. It will be some weeks before she will be able to resume her occupation—that of a dressmaker. Sunday School Conference. Advantage is being taken of the visit of the distinguished English minister, the Rev. W. F. Adeney, M.A., D.D., to arrange a tea table conference of Sunday School Workers. This will take place at the Y.M.C.A. on Monday at 6 o’clock, and will be under the auspices of the United Sunday Schools Committee. Ad- mission will be sixpence, and it is hoped that all interested in Sunday School work will avail themselves of this opportunity of conferring with one of those who is a recognised leader in Sunday School reform. Distinguished Preacher. Dr. Adeney, the distinguished English preacher and professor, is to visit Ben- digo and will to-morrow preach at the Quarry Hill Congregational Church in the morning and the Forest Street Congre- gational Church in the evening. On Mon- day he will lecture in the latter building at 8 p.m. It is expected that large con- gregations will gather to hear one who is recognised as a great theologian in the Homeland and whose books have a wide circulation in many parts of the world. Until recently Dr. Adeney was principal of the Lancashire Theological College. Good Investment. Interest at the rate of 2000 per cent. would, if offered, truly make many per- sons very rich, but such an interest on outlay is very rare. At present it is being offered to the Bendigo public by the Long Gully Free Library committee. The library is not in a sound financial position, and to tide it over its difficulties and also to claim a £70 grant from the Government, a bazaar is to be held on the 12th, 13th and 14th of this month. In connection with the bazaar a raffle is being conducted and the first prize is a magnificent canteen of cutlery manufac- tured by Joseph Rodgers. The canteen is valued at £50, and can be won for a 6d ticket, thus the 2000 per cent. A number of other prizes are being offer- ed. The canteen will be on view at Hen- derson’s furniture warehouse for the week. To-day’s Events. Mr. F. Maldon Robb, Belfast Hotel yard, 2.30; Football, Press v. Railways, Upper Reserve, 4; Tivoli Pictures, Royal Princess Theatre, 8; Lyric Photo. Plays, Lyric Theatre, 8. Forfeited Shares. Shares in the following companies have been forfeited and will be sold by public auction to- day: — Spring Gully, McDonald’s Reef, New Golden Fleece, Sheepshead, Broken Hill Gold and Cop- per, Garden Gully Freehold and Victory and Pandora. Census Cards Pulped. Twenty-seven tons of official docu- ments, containing secrets which may af- fect the greater part of four and three quarter millions of people, have been destroyed in a manner which should not fail to satisfy the most sensitive per- son on the question of age, marriage, religion or the score of other matters which have to be revealed when the census man calls. This large quantity of material was composed of census cards filled in three years ago. It has taken most of the intervening time to properly tabulate all the information gathered, and the cards, being of no further use, have been rendered into pulp, to be subsequently turned into useful paper again, or made into cardboard. The pulping of the census cards was carried out under the supervision of the officers of the Commonwealth Bu- reau of Census and Statistics. Jewish Lamentations. From sundown this evening until sun- down on Sunday Jews in all parts of the world will keen the fast of the Ninth of Ab, neither eating nor drinking while it lasts. Unlike the great Fast Day of Atonement, which is peculiarly sacred, the Ninth of Ab is a working fast. On this day, regarded as the most mournful in the Jewish calendar — both the Temples of Jerusalem were destroyed by Nebucha- dnezzar, who carried the Kingdom of Judah into captivity at Babylon; and the other after the lapse of several hundred years by Titus. Dreadful scenes of car- nage and destruction were enacted in the siege; but the devotion of the men, wo- men and even children to the Faith of Israel was strikingly manifested. At all the synagogues throughout the world the services will be of a mournful character, the reading of The Book of Lamentations being a special feature, as is also the Liturgy, set apart for the evening and day of the fast, descriptive of the sufferings of the inhabitants, and of the destruction of Jerusalem. Federated Bakers. A grand social and dance will be held by the Federated Bakers’ Society at the Trade’s Hall on Tuesday, August 4. The event promises to be an enjoyable one. Tickets may be obtained from the secre- tary, Mr. L. Clarke. Labor Social. The Bendigo East P.L.C. held a social in the Masonic Hall last night. It was opened by a progressive euchre tourna- ment, which was won by Mrs. L. Pinch and Mr. Prichard. Dancing was enjoyed to music supplied by Mr. G. Hambly, with Mr. Hutchinson, M.C. Royal Princess Theatre. The management of the Royal Princess Theatre intend presenting two splendid items to-night in connection with the picture programme. The first is Hanlon, Dean and Hanlon, celebrated comedy acrobats and hand balancers, who have just arrived from the Winter Gardens, Berlin. The other act is Ford and Davis, musical comedy artists, who will present their brilliant musical comedy en- titled “After the Show.” Both acts are reputed to be excellent. The picture pro- gramme will also be up to a high standard. School Anniversaries. Following the plan recently adopted of celebrating the anniversaries of historical events bearing on their school work, the teachers and children of Long Gully State School commemorated the defeat of the Spanish Armada and the salvation of Eng- land from the threatened thraldom of Spain. The Union Jack was kept flying from the school flagpole on the nine days (August 21 to 29) during which the sea fight was in progress, and the story of the Armada and the lives of Drake, Ral- eigh, Hawkins, etc., were dealt with by the first assistant, Mr. Gould, while some of the elder scholars read, recited, and sang appropriate pieces, including “Drake’s Drum” and “Amyas Leigh.” Many interesting pictures were shown, including a copy of Millais’ “Boyhood of Raleigh,” State barge and apartments of Elizabeth, pictures of Raleigh, Drake, Drake’s crest, facsimile copy of the reso- lution to fight the Armada signed by the English commanders, the signatures of Howard, Drake, and Hawkins being easily picked out. There were also shown many pictures of English and Spanish ships of the period, incidents in the life of Drake and of the conflict, “The Armada in Storm, Fire and Ruin,” “England is Watching,” the “Burial of Drake,” as well as copies of famous paintings on the subject by Maclise, De Southerbourg, Lucas, and Goodwin. Copies of the old Spanish ensign and the English flag at that time, our Union Jack and the Aus- tralian ensign, served as links to trace up cause and effect, and to emphasise what these things mean to us to-day. Church of Christ. The anniversary services of the Church of Christ Sunday School, Golden Square, will be celebrated to-morrow, when Messrs. F. and T. J. Cook and Dr. J. Cook will officiate at 11 a.m., 3 and 7 p.m. services respectively. There will be special singing by the scholars. A tea and concert will be held on Wednes- day evening. Y.W.C.A. A meeting of the committee convened last week to arrange a banquet for all members of the Young Women’s Christ- ian Association, was held last evening in the rooms, View Street, Miss Steven- son, general secretary, presiding. Re- presentatives were present from the “Wonderland Club,” “Merrymakers’ Club,” “Guild of Helpers,” “Hearth-fire Girls,” staff and general membership. It was advised that the Y.M.C.A. would lend their building for the banquet, which would be held on Wednesday next at 6 p.m. It was arranged that different departments of the association should take a table to supervise, viz., Board of Management, Merrymakers’ Club, Won- derland Club, Hearth-fire Girls, and Guild of Helpers. Arrangements for furnishing the tables were made, and the menu was planned. The toasts com- mittee reported that the list was well under way. At the singing class following, some time was spent in practising as- sociation songs and calls. It is desired that there shall be a good rally of mem- bers, young and old, and that acceptances accompanied by 6d, shall be sent in at once. The association labors under such difficulties as to space that there is seldom an opportunity for gathering together all its large number of mem- bees, so that such an occasion is an opportunity of which all members, young and old, should avail themselves in or- der that there may be that “association” which is the key note of the movement. The banquet will be followed at 8 o’clock by a business meeting at which the reports of the year will be given, and the new board of management elect- ed. This meeting is open to the public. Rowing Club Ball. A meeting of the committee of the Rowing Club ball was held last even- ing with a large attendance. Everything looks favorable towards the annual ball which will be held in the Town Hall on August 12, being a pronounced success. Bruhn’s orchestra has been engaged, and will supply the latest dance music. Euchre and Dance. Fully seventy couples attended the Bendigo West Political Labor League’s euchre and dance held at the fire station last night. Mr. J. Dunne was master of ceremonies at the dance and Miss Walker pianist. During the evening a meeting of the executive was held and final arrangements made for the annual social at the A.N.A. Hall on Tuesday next. Slender Benefit. Myer’s Employes and Friends (per Miss L. Goddard), £3 7s 10d, and B.S., 2/6, have forwarded their contributions to the Independent Office on behalf of the fund to provide James Slender, the Kan- garoo Flat youth, with an invalid’s chair. Deaths in the Hospital. Daniel Thomas, aged 45, was admitted to the hospital on July 6 and died on the 27th. Hazel May Smith, aged 46, ad- mitted on July 28, died yesterday. Immigration Agents. Recognising the necessity of giving more assistance to Mr. Fricke, in his duties of immigration administrator in America, the state Government decided to send two Australians, well versed in local conditions, and Messrs. F. Bassett, valuer, and Storer, late inspector of the Shepparton district, were selected. These gentlemen leave Sydney for America to- day by the Sonoma, and immediately on arrival will commence their duties of procuring desirable immigrants for Vic- torian settlements. To-day at the rooms, Mitchell Street, at 2 o’clock, Messrs. Curnow and Thomas will conduct an extensive sale of pot plants, orange and lemon trees, etc., under instructions from Messrs. Herbert Keck and Sons, of the Bendigo nurseries. On Monday next at the rooms, at 11 o’clock, they will conduct their usual weekly sale of household furniture and effects, and on Tuesday next, on the premises, Wattle Street, close to Rowan Street, at one o’clock, they will conduct an extensive clearing sale of modern household furniture and appointments, including a magnificent bedroom suite, upright piano by Neu- meyer, etc., under instructions from the owner. Mr. J. B. Edwards, the Mall jeweller, is advertising wristlet watches in to- day’s issue. A large stock is to be seen at this establishment, besides an enormous stock of gold, silver, and cheaper watches, at all prices. Repairing is a specialty at this shop, and as Mr. Downie, a watchmaker of great repute all over Victoria, is in charge of the the workshop, satisfaction may be guaranteed in this department. Mr. Edwards claims to be the only estab- lishment in Bendigo where there are five practical watchmakers employed on the premises. A trial is solicited. Mr. Jack Collier, of the cheap cash boot store in 225 Mitchell Street, has the original way of stating the low prices of his wares. He says, “This is a free country; you can go to the larger shops if you want to pay higher prices.” He stocks high class boots and shoes, which he is selling at low prices. Messrs. Irving and Duffy, of Mitchell Street (late Carolin’s) are offering some special bargains in new and second-hand furniture this day, including a fine as- sortment of dining suites, double door wardrobes, 2in bedsteads, etc., also two second-hand pianos at a very low figure. Next Tuesday, August 4, at 1 o’clock, on the premises, 410 High Street, Golden Square, Mr. T. C. Watts will sell by public auction a good freehold property, next Mr. J. H. Seiver’s, comprising seven rooms and conveniences; also at same time a splendid 20 acre property situated at Spec. Gully, only 10 minutes from Golden Square. This is an irrigable property. Messrs. White Bros. announce this morning that of their large consignment of Ansonia alarm clocks they have only 200 left. These they are offering at 3s 3d to clear. The St. Patrick’s sports committee elsewhere acknowledges the receipt of a number of additional donations. Those who suffer from disfiguring hair growths will be delighted with the won- derful results ahcieved by Dannebrog. This famous Danish remedy never fails to destroy the hair growth. Consult the representative of the Dannebrog In- stitute, Melbourne, who visits Bendigo on the second Saturday in each month at the A.N.A. Hall (ground floor), View Street, Bendigo. Bush’s stores draw attention to some specially choice olives from Cosenza’s olive groves. They include Giant Spanish olives, Olives Verdals, Olives de Lacques, and all in large bottles at 1s 6d per bottle. The same grower’s olive oil of special quality is obtainable at Bush’s, next the Tower, and you are assured that a visit there is well worth while. Fresh factory butter at 1s per lb, and Hutton’s frankfurts, fresh pork sausages, Strasbourg, Liverwourst, garlic sausage and brawn should command attention at W. Jeffrey, the Quality Grocer’s estab- lishment to-day. The ’phone number is 221. Tenders are elsewhere invited by the Commissioner of Public Works for re- pairs and renovations of the Sydney Flat State School. In view of the prevalence of diphtheria Mr. T. E. Cooper, chemist, of Mitchell Street, advises parents to take preven- tative measures by giving their children Dr. Horwitz’s Formalin Throat Tablets, which have proved themselves effective in checking the disease. Messrs. Keogh and Austin, architects, of the Commonwealth Chambers, Charing Cross, invite tenders for painting and re- pairs to eight tenements in Hargreaves and Queen Streets. Tenders are elsewhere invited by the Town Clerk, Mr. W. Honeybone, for annual work and requirements by the Bendigo City Council. Under the auspices of the United Sunday Schools Committee, a conference will be held at the Y.M.C.A. buildings on Monday next at 3 p.m. An address will be delivered by the Rev. W. F. Adeney, M.A., D.D., of England. The half-yearly meeting of the share- holders of the Bendigo Gas Co. will be held at the company’s office, Pall Mall, on Wednesday, August 19, at 11 a.m. Tenders are invited by the acting- sec- retary for Railways for the supply of 250 tons of fire wood at any station with accommodation within 40 miles of Bendigo. The contracts are to be of not less than 100 tons. Mr. R. F. Nicolai, architect, 224 View Street, requires tenders for a new brick hotel at Charlton; a new brick hotel at Wycheproof, and a new billiard room at the Glenloth Hotel. Further particulars may be obtained from Mr. Nicolai. Messrs. Mason Bros.’ annual horse sale will he concluded at their bazaar, in Hargreaves Street, to-day. The sale commences at 1 p.m. sharp. Messrs. Hall and Batchelder will sell at an early date freehold property and an orchard on account of Mrs. A. Wes- ley, of Kangaroo Flat. 