DOMINIONS COMMISSION. (By Cable). LONDON, January 27. The Dominions Commission report states that the mast urgent problem of Australia concerns better distribu- tion, population and improved over- sea communications. At present the Dominions are spending a great deal of money with doubtful success in at- tempts to secure agricultural work- ers. It is therefore natural to sug- gest that some portion of the expen- diture could be more profitably de- voted to bearing with the Mother Country a share of the cost of some system of Government farms for testing and training in the United Kingdom. This scheme would be easier if emigration was under cen- tral control in Australia, and even under the existing regime affords hope for success. Australasia mainly requires youths with adaptability, and this require- ment could be met equally from the towns as well as the country if suit- able training was provided. Although Australasia needs more domestic ser- vants, the Commission is unable to endorse the view that a suitable sur- plus exists in the United Kingdom. Family migration is open to serious injections under the present arrange- ments, which are susceptible to im- provement, the system under which emigrants are required is antiquated and defective. The arrangements in Australasia for the reception of women need attention and develop- ment. More emigrants are needed to fill tropical and sub-tropical Austra- lia, for which Malta seems the most suitable recruiting ground. It would be advantageous to divert to Austra- lasia some part of the present Irish migration. Emigrant ships should provide adequate privacy for the mi- gration of single women, and an in- crease of hospital accommodation. The deepening of the larger Em- pire harbours was urgent to meet fu- ture requirements of inter Imperial trade. First-class harbours should have a working depth of at least 40 feet. Regret is expressed at being unable to take a favorable view or the over- sea postal facilities enjoyed by Aus- tralia. The postal service is inade- quate.,the existing speed of the mail services does not justify large sub- sidies, and if enhanced speed was not obtainable at a reasonable cost, the Commission would prefer to see the mails carried at statutory rates. The money so saved could be devoted to improving Imperial accommodation in other directions. New routes to Australia were opening up, and it was therefore unjustifiable to bind the states to subsidise the Suez Canal service beyond the brief period of the termination of the P. and O. contract, which renders the time opportune to re-examine the problem on broad im- perial lines. Australasian cable rates are too high, restricting their use to the com- mercial classes, and checking free in- tercourse between the Motherland and her Dominions. The cables were worked far below their maximum capacity, and certain modifications in the way of deferred messages and week end cables should be made im- mediately. Sally cable letters should be introduced, and the minimum rate for week and cables should be reduc- ed to twelve words at 6d. a word, to which the British Post Office was favorably disposed. The Commission found freight dis- crimination against British shippers, whereby certain British shipowners transport goods from the Continent to New Zealand at lower rates than from British ports. That was thor- oughly unsatisfactory, and ran dir- ectly counter to the patriotic and Imperial sentiments of the New Zea- land legislature. It acts detriment- tally on British trade. No adequate defence had been made, though re- peated opportunities had been given. Further scientific investigation of the artesian water supply of Austra- lia was an important question. The substitution of bulk handling of wheat instead of bagging was worthy of examination, and further co-ordi- nation of statistical methods to se- cure uniformity was urgently desir- able. The Commission recommends an Empire Conference of statisticians. Preferential advantage granted to British goods was prejudiced to some extent by the fact that each of the Dominions requires a different form of certificate of origin, and urges uni- formity. The Commission is grati- fied with the cotton growing experi- ments in Queensland, the improve- ment of Port Phillip, and confining loan issues to definite remunerative, purposes. LONDON, January 28. The Commissioners were deeply impressed throughout Australia by the desire of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than for- eign nations, not only by means of tariff preference, but by clear and distinct preference, based on senti- ment and patriotism. Discussing migration, the report states that labor-saving machinery is much more used in agricultural pur- suits in Australia than in Europe. Comparisons show that a smaller proportion of the population is en- gaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits than in the United States, and many European countries, and that the town population is excessive. The Mother Country is already de- pendent upon the overseas for a con- siderable proportion of her food and raw material, and the Commission is impressed with the desirability of as large a proportion as possible of the Dominions being occupied by a popu- lation which will assist in the de- velopment of the primary resources. The best age for immigrants is from 16 to 24. A town-bred youth often finds his feet quicker in new environment than the rustics, Aus- tralia's and New Zealand's require- ment are largely fulfilled by well dis- posed youths, whom the environment of the United Kingdom had brought from blind alley employment, and youths from industrial schools. The Commission had not found evidence that only those who followed agricul- ture in the Old Country can become successful agriculturists in the new. There is a strong undercurrent of op- position in Australia and New Zealand to immigration, principally amongst the urban wage earners and artisans, who regard immigration as likely to increase competition in the skilled labor market. The Commission be- lieves that this hostility rises mainly from the present defects of the im- migration system. Discussing female immigration, the report stated that supplies from Britain were mainly residential in towns, being principally elderly ladies and women servants. The Mother- land can ill afford to have the ranks of the female domestic depleted by this demand. As to the commerce and industry of the United Kingdom, compared with 20 years ago, the Commission intends to deal with the matter in greater detail in their final report. Dealing with the difficulty of fam- ily immigration, the Commissioners state that the parents are often too old to settle comfortable, and the man who could be tempted to estab- lish himself prematurely as a farm owner or tenant on ready made farms was non-existent to any large extent. Farming on the share sys- tem is extending in Australia, and they are highly commendable organ- isations. Family migration will en- tail considerable public expense be- fore an ideal system is reached. The report recommends fuller use of methods adopted at Pittstown, New South Wales, which is an ad- mirable institution. It is undesirable to leave the duty of describing the attractions of the Dominions to in- terested passage agents. There ex- ists a widespread feeling with the Commission considers justifiable that misrepresentation is common enough, and in cases there was actual fraud. The possibility of making greater use of British Labour Exchanges de- serves close attention, particularly in connection with juvenile emigration. The Commission recommend greater operation between the Home and Australasian Governments regarding the migration of the discharged In- dian soldiers, many of whom are will ing to go to Australia or New Zea- land, but find some difficulty in doing so, although already accustomed to a climate more trying than that of Northern Australia. The saving by direct migration would allow of con- siderable financial assistance to such immigrants. The Commission was favorably im- pressed by the German settlements in Queensland and South Australia, and the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria. Such migration would be a wholesome addition to the population of New Zealand and South- ern Australia. Regarding the Suez Canal, the Com- mission was impressed by the Canal's capacity to deal without undue delay with 16,000 ton ships, as against the present 5000 tons, provided certain traffic regulations were observed. They were also impressed by the increasing ability to take vessels of deep draught. It will shortly be 30ft. deep, but it is doubtful if that is sufficient to meet the necessity for large ocean going vessels for Australia. The fact that the Panama Canal gives a depth of 40 feet, will accelerate the already rapid increase in site and draught of ocean carriers. It is doubt- ful whether the authorities of the Australian and New Zealand harbours are properly alive to the quick in- crease in draught which is in pros- pect. The proper standard is 40ft., and except at Sydney, Hobart, Well- ington and Auckland, the facilities are considerably below that standard. The Commission cannot urge too strong- ly the governing bodies of ports should devote earnest consideration to the problems of deepening their harbours. Any semi-automatic renewal of the mail contract, with a slight improve- ment in speed and conditions, and a slight decrease in the cost, would be inadequate as a solution of the prob- lem, which needs to be handled on broader lines, giving full considera- tion to all varients, particularly speed restrictions in the Suez Canal. There is grave reason to doubt the reality of the competition under the present arrangements, which are a continuance of a quasi monopoly, which has existed for a long period, probably previous to the development of shipping. It also removes a great incentive to the construction of faster ships. No mall contract is satisfac- tory which does not provide for a sea speed considerably in excess of that on unsubsidised lines. The Com- mission draws attention to the com- plaints regarding outward bills of lading, which are out of date and un- duly complicated, while they favor the ship-owners against their custom- ers. Nevertheless, there is evidence that many Companies granted a re- dress which they were not legally compelled to give. There was evi- dence that the extent of the shipping ring in London was so great that the combined action of importers would be of little avail. The report draws attention to the sosh likky of amending the United ?? faw in order to bring it into line with the Australian Sea Carriage Act of 1904. The report includes details of the disposal of the British Cotton Grow- ing Association to establish cotton growing, which the Commonwealth and Queensland Governments had ac- cepted. The Commissioners deny that experience has shown that cotton can only be successfully grown by black labour, on the contrary 75 per cent. of the labour in Texas is white. Mal- tese would furnish just the type of labour required. It is estimated that picking in Australia would cost 3d. per lb. There is evidence that the quality of the Australian cotton is such as to justify the expectations of a higher price being secured than in most other cotton countries. There is also the possibility of a cotton picking machine reducing the import- ance of the Australian labour factor, and it should be also possible to or- ganise small growers into associa- tions for picking the crops co-opera- tively. While admitting that hides are damaged by branding, the natural remedy is differentiation in price be- tween hides branded as the farmers suggest, and those branded as now. The Commission did not recommend the imposition of more stringent re- gulations regarding glucose in lea- ther. The report urges uniformity of le- gislation and regulations regarding food and drugs. The Australasian agricultural, mine- ral and forestry resources twill be treated in the final report, also en- quiries into better facilities for hand- ling meat and fruit upon which in- vestigations are proceeding. The Commission are also making further inquiries into an inter-Imperial Ex- hibition, and the desirability of an Imperial Development Board. 