LITERARY GOSSIP. In '"The Custom of the Country," Mrs. Edith Wharton. one of the best known of trans-Atlantic writers, has given a pitiless exposure of the condition of American society. She has found material for seeth- ing comment in the supreme importance attached to material prosperity, in the absence of filial reverence, and in the facility of divorce, which renders the marriage tie a nullity, and almost gives a practical sanction to the principle of free love. It is quite possible that Undine Spragg may be considered an extreme ex- ample of American characteristics in this respect. But there is ample illustration afforded in actual life to show the ex- istence of the evils which come under the lash of the satirist, and to redeem the portrayal from the reproach of inartistic exaggeration. The heroine is animated from the very beginning with the am- bitious desire of making the most of her physical attributes. She is the daughter of parents whom she has made absolutely subject to her will, and whom she treats with. contemptuous indifference. Every one with whom she is brought into associa- tion is used only for the advancement of her own ends. When her father has made money sufficient for the purpose, she comes to New York with the intention of pushing herself into the front rank of society. She chooses a husband with this object in view, and when she discovers his means are insufficient, she has no compunction in casting aside all family restraints and secur- ing a divorce that she may have another try. Disappointed in holding the errant fancy of a wealthy New York banker, she marries a French Marquis for his position, but is soon disgusted with the restrictions and limitations and the economies of the aristocratic regime. In the end, after another essay in divorce, she comes back to the American millionaire, who, in girl- hood, had captivated her fancy, but whom she had divorced under parental direction. His nature and hers, commonplace and vulgar, are more akin, but the one fly in the ointment is the dis- covery that she can never be ambassadress, because they won't have divorced ambassadresses. Mrs. Wharton's An interesting photograph, taken in Falmouth Harbor, showing two of the oldest type of ships of the navy merchant service moored alongside each other. The smaller of the two is the H.M.S. Implacable, of the wooden line of battle ships, formerly named the Duguay Trouin, which is the last survivor of the French fleet at the Battle of Trafalgar, and is now used as a private training ship for boys. The larger of the ships is the Lady Jocelyn, formerly one of the foremost merchant ships carrying passengers between England and Australia. During the strike of the dockers at London last year she was fitted up to house. the blacklegs, who dare not come ashore to sleep, and this week she has been towed to Dublin to serve the same purpose. OLDEST TYPE OF SHIP IN THE NAVY AND) MERCHANT SERVICE. powerful indictmcnt may have a useful result in calling attention to the sordid nature of American ideals. The book is published by Macmillan and Co. "The Paramount Shop," by H. Maxwell, is an amusing extravagance, whose pur- pose is to tickle the humor of the reader with absurd situations and impossible Steel Silo in Course of Erection for A. Gillespie and Sons, Burnley, for the Storage of Wheat, which was blown to the ground during the storm on Wednesday, 7th inst. The silo had been erected to a height of 60 feet; its capacity was to be 100,000 bushels. STEEL SILO BLOWN DOWN. with absurd situations and impossible contrivances. Possibly also, there is a little touch of satire over society's follies. The one supreme test of aristocratic im- portance is to have the privilege of entry at Mostyn's. This is the shop where they won't sell you anything unless the blood in your veins happens to be the bluest of the blue. Kings are among its customers and Emperors refuse to deal anywhere else. But as these are notoriously bad pays, the institution is brought to the verge of ruin, when the astute proprietor makes up his mind to pass on the obliga- tions to someone else. There are many diverting complications, too intricate for explanation, but as the end of the book is to make people laugh, it may be counted as successful in its mission. Long and Co. are the publishers. "Lot's Wife," by A. M. Judd, also is- sued by Long and Co., has no association with the Biblical parable. It is a story, Australian in incidence and setting, and tells of a young squatter, who, having mar- ried a girl for love, discovers later on that her heart has been given to another. But the outbreak of a bush fire, in which he al- most sacrifices his life to save his rival, presents him in such an heroic aspect that his wife realises that he, after all, is the most worthy of her affection. "Jack Desmond's Luck," by Leon Breaker, is a racing yarn of the stereotyped kind, which is no better and no worse than others of its class. There is some thing about turf roguery and much about turf luck, while a love episode is intro- duced to stimulate the interest. The book is published by George Routledge and Sons. "The Living Wage" is a reasoned effort by Mr. Philip Snowden, M.P., to present the economic and practical reasons why Labor should receive a fair remuneration for its toil. A series of works on social questions of the day is being issued by Messrs. Hodder and Stoughton, under the editorship of Mr. Harold Spender, who welcomes Mr. Snowden's essay as a very vital and illuminating contribution. Aus- tralian and New Zealand experience are largely drawn upon in illustration of the points to which attention is specially di- rected. Mr. Snowden holds That the de- mand for a living wage is not a demand for full justice. Justice will demand much more than a living wage, such as is pos- sible of realisation to-day. But the de- mand that no workman shall be employed at wages insufficient to maintain himself and his dependents in physical health and in moderate comfort is one which no civilised and enlightened community can resist. "Cassell's Magazine of Fiction" for January, which. is really an enlarged Christmas number, contains an abundance and variety of interesting stories by well known and popular authors. "The Century" Christmas number is one of admirable value, both in an artistic and literary sense. It is described as "the most elaborate Christmas number ever published in America," is crowded with beautiful illustrations, many of them in color, a wealth of fiction, and such momentous contibutions to current thought as Professor Ed- ward A. Ross's Social Effects of Immigration, W. Morgan Shuster's authoritative paper, Have We a Foreign Policy? and The Modern Quest for a Re- ligion, a serious and reverent study by Winston Churchill, author of "The Inside of the Cup." "Munsey's Magazine" for Christmas will also be found of very attractive quality, with a new novel by George Barr McCutcheon. to give a description of the future war between Germany and England, but, un like other books of the same kind, does not predict a crushing vidtory or defeat for either adversary. The- author's purpose is to show that such a war would produce neither victors nor vanquished, but would only mean ap palling ruin for both. He therefore wishes the book to be considered as a warning against "useless" war. War was declared on Christmas eve, and at once the news was received that a British submarine had attacked and sunk the German protected cruiser Gneisenau in Chinese waters, .while the German battle cruiser Goeben, scouting in Danish waters, detected the presence of several British ships. The next two .chapters relate some courageous scouting flights made by British military airmen, trying to find the German :home fleet, Whieh 'was anchored off Wilhelmshaven. Airmai Dudley Hob son, .acting on the ,First Lord of the Admiralty's instructions, flies over to Germany from Salisbury Plain, passes unheeded over the. great . Ger man 'military port, and is ahle to report with perfect precision about all the enemy's reserve ships. He then attempts. the second part of his mission-~he destruction of the Wilhelmshaven Docks-in.which he is also successful. These happenings are only a prelude, the climax of the war being a great sea battle, when the German and British fleets meet between Borkum and Heligoland. The battle ends in England's victory, owing to her fleet being more powerful both in num bers and efficiency. After a day of fierce fighting, 'the German commander, seeming several of. his finest ships silenced for ever, places his last hopes in the smaller craft, and displays the foi lowing signal: "The Admiral will not return to harbor before, the home seas are cleared of the enemy." The following reply comes from every one of his ships: "None of the German ships is able to offer the slightest resistance." Germany having lost the first move in the game, the Zeppelins come on the scene. Four military airships are secretly sent to England, flyming at night with lights out Each succeeds in fulfilling its mission, one pouring explosives over the English re serve fleet anchored in the Solent, another setting the Portsmouth wharfs ablaze, and ~I~; ~:c:~·:··:-lrg ::'-·~Jq ::li:: ,· .·. .·· .-;i. !1·;· : ~ ~'·-i· t;:;··: ~qc" ::: L;i'-·' : ·i ·~i' ;i..:i : ·`I·;·:~ ~. i'·-" e -·-5-~? ~~·~-· ;i : Y: ·:r:::::/.-: ~·o~l.:.~ ;·f! I: ~·1 *.- ~i."tl ·j ·:.:`: I ·?I~ ·c~ ;·i - i .·-~··· ··i~~` ~ ~I:·i 'j ·: I.r~~i.6 '''2::7 ~zf;· ~ ···' · ·:: !::~f:'."·".J-: iBB ·-·· :·:· ·;:-: ~'":':Bj·i t c.-:- -·-·r rsr~f~·· ·' ·I· -":·r.··-·; .··:. ii: :!if :·.:.~·. ~s~ " :~r·t ·-;\ :~~·· ~~ ··: ;·.*1 I': 