Empire Commission. | Emigration Question. | Cotton Growing in Queensland. I LONDON. Januarv 28. I The report issued by the Dominions Commission slates that the Commission ! crs deeply were impressed throughout Australia by the desire of all classes to deal with the British Empire rather than with foreign nations, not only by tariff preference, but by a clear and distinct preference based on sentiment and pat riotism. Discussing the question of immigration, the report states that labour-saving machinery is much more used in. agricul ture in Australia and New Zealand than in Europe. Comparisons showed that the proportion of tl:e population engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits was -smaller than in the United States and main* European countries, and the town population was excessive. The mother country alreadv was. dependent on. countries oversea for a considerable pro portion of food and raw material, and The Commission was impressed with the desirableness of as large a portion as pos , siblc of the dominions being occupied by a population which would assist in the dc I velopmcnt of the primary resources. The ' best age for immigrants was from 16 to 34 vcars. A town-bred youth often found his "feet quicker in a new environment than a rustic. The requirements of Australia and New Zealand had been largely ful filled bv well-disposed youths whom en vironment in the United Kingdom bad forced to a blind alley of employment, and vouths from the industrial schools. Tie Commission found no evidence that only those who followed agriculture m the old countrv could become successful agriculturists in the new. There was a strong undercurrent of opposition in Aus tralia and New Zealand to emigration, principally among the urban wage earners and artisans, who regarded immigration as fikelv to increase competition in the skilled labour market, but the Commissica believed that the hostility arose mainly from the present delects in the immigra tion system. Discussing the question of female emigration, the report stated that the surplus in Great Britain mainly was re sidential in towns, and consisted prin cipally of elderly ladies and women ser vants". The first were not possible emigrants, and servants could ill be spared, as the ranks ot female domestics were depleted by the demauds of com merce and industry in the United King dom as compared with 20 years ago. It is intended to deal with this matter at greater detail in the final report. Dealiug with the difficulty of family emigration, the Commissioners stated that parents often were too old to settle comfortably, and a man was tempted to establish liimself prematurely as a farm owner or teuant. Ready-made farms were non-existent to any large extent, but farming on the share system was extend ing in Australia, and was highly com mendable. The organisation of. family emigration would entail considerable public expense, before an ideal system was reached. The report recommended the fuller use of the methods adopted at Pittown, in New South Wales, which was an admirable institution. It was undesirable to leave the duty of describ ing the attractions of the dominions to interested passage agents. There existed a widespread feeling, which the com mission considered justifiable, that mis representation was common enough,"and in cases amounted to actual fraud. The possibility of making greater use of the British labour exchanges deserved close attention, particularly in regard to juvenile emigration. The commission recommended greater co-operation between the home and Aus tralian Governments regarding the migra tion of discharged Indian soldiers, many of whom were willing to go to Australia or New Zealand, but found a difficulty, though they already were accustomed to a climate more trying than that of northern Australia. The saving bv dircct emigration would allow of considerable financial assistance being given to such emigrants. The commission favourably was im pressed with the German' settlements iin Queensland and South Australia, amd the Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian farmers in Victoria. Such migration would be a wholesome addition to New. Zealand and southern Australia. Regarding the Suez Canal, the commis sion was impressed with the capacity of the canal to deal without undue delay Willi 15,000 ships, as against thi present 5,000, .provided certain traffic regulations were observed. The commission ateo was impressed with the increasing ability to take vessels of deep draught, which would shortly be 30 feat, but it **.as doubtful whether this would be suRicicnt to pro vide for the necessities of a quick ocean service to Australia. The. fact that the Panama Canal would givt a depth of . 40 feet would accelerate the already rapid increase in the size and diaught of ocean carriers. It was doubtful. whether the authorities nt the Austral an and New Zealand harbours were proptrlv alive to liic quick increase in draiicrht which was in prospect. The proper standard should be -10 feet. Except in Sydney, Hobart, Wellington, and 'Auckland, the facilities .were considerably below that slunHard. The commission- could not urge too strongly that the governing Indies uf the various ports should Umole earnest consideration to the problem of deepening the harbours. | Any semi-automatic renewal of the mail contract, with a slight improvement in , speed and conditions, and a slight de crease in cost, would he inadequate as a solution of the problem, which needed to he handled on broader lines, giving full consideration to all variants, particularly the sliced restrictions at Suez. There was grave reason to doubt the reality of competition under present arrangements for the continuance of a quasi-monopoly -}xsstin<r for a Ion*; period, probably pre vious to the development of shipping, as it removed a great incentive to the con struction of faster ships. No mail con tract would he satisfactory which did not provide for a sea speed considerably in excess of that of the unsubsidised lines. The attention of the commission had -hcea drawn to complaints of outward hills of lading being out of date, and unduly complicated in favour of ship owners as against customers. Nevertheless, there was evidence that many companies cranted. . eilross which thev were not legally com pelled to give. There was evidence that the amount spent by the shipping ring in London was so great that the com bined action of importers was of little avail. The report draws attention to the possibility of amending the United King dom law, Ui order to bring it into line with the Australian Sea Carriage Act of 1901. The report includes details of the pro posals of the British Cotton Growing As sociation to establish cotton growing, which the Commonwealth and Queensland Governments have accepted. The Com missioners denv that experience has shown that cotton can he successfully grown only by black labour. On the contrary, 75 per" cent of the labour employed in cotton growing in Texas is white. It is possible that the Maltese would furnish just the type of labour required. It was estimated that the picking of cotton in Australia would cost 3d. per lb., and there was evidence that the quality of Australian cotton was such as to justify the expectation that a higher price would be securcd than in most cotton growing countries. There also was the possibility ihat a cotton picking machine would re duce the importance of the labour factor in Australia. It also should be possible to organise the small growers into asso ciations for picking the crop co-oper ativelv. Though admitting that hides were Cam aged by binding, the report states that the natural remedy is a differentiation of price between hides branded as the tan :s;rs su?ge:t and these branded as new. The commissioners do not recommend more stringent regulations regarding tlie use of glucose in leather. The report urscs uniformity of legisla tion and regulations regarding food and drugs in Australasia. The agricultural, mineral, and forestry resources will he treated in the f.nal re port, awl also the result of inquiries with regard to. better facilities for handling meat and fruit, on which investigatbas are proceeding. Ttic commission is making further in quiries rcgardiug inter-Imperial cxliibi tions, mid the desirableness of an Im perial Development Board. 