Last Year's Shipping Satisfactory Recoril. Oversea Increase. The year 1011 has been an eventful one in the history of shipping, hot only in i relation to Queensland, wit to the whole world. The suuden outbreak of the. 1 European war disorganised shipping, and | I lie presence of enemy warships made the j sen roules unsafe. German men-o'-war shuttered about the oeeuns of the globe, . dumngcd or destroyed a number of British ships ; hut the marvellous com--; hlnntion of iill parts, of the British, Empire, and the size and efficiency of its ; navy welo the factors' which swept , the enemy rein the ocean, and rapidly re established safe, sea lanes for the transit i ot our shipping. I Notwithstanding this temporary sus- 1 pension, the 1611 , statistics , for Bris- ! bane arc very satisfactory. . Compared I with Inst vear, the ilgures. for oversea | shipping inwards ilnd outwards, sltow an increase in numbers anil tonnage. There bus been a slight decrease in coastwise shipping. The. , figures have . been . . made available bv 'the collector ot. customs (Mr. O. S. "Maddbcks), and the following tables dhow the monthly registrations for' interstate and ' foreign and coastwise ves sels, inwards and outwards. INWARDS. . i ; Interstate and Foreign., ' Month. No. ot Vessels. Tonnage. .January ; 88 178,517. February i... ... 59 U7,'401 ,'Mnrell ' .:. 81. 222,153 " April ... ... 62 150;487 ."Mar .74 162,817 .jtllic ... ... 87 230,421) -July." 87- 184,872 August ... ... 63 154,004 September ... ... 62.' — 135,31)4 ' ' Oetobor 70 -182;914 . November 113 140,892 December 71- 160,111 Totals , 828 '2,078,073 Coastwise!' .Month. No. of_Vcssels.-.. Tonnage. . January-- ... -17 (iO,2U February .- ... 42 : 4fl; 336 f March 49i , 1)2,107. April ... ... 46' 62,311 May . ... .... 45.. .-. 63,088 ' . . June . : ... ... , 43 ; . 81,005 Julv 50 - 78,811 .August . ... ... 48 72, '182 September ... ... ;42 55,490 ' - October . ... -48 57,557 November ... 4ii ; 81,519 Deccinlicr 58 . ... 07,167 Totals v - . 560 '. .751.234 . The flgurfes for 1913 were : Inwards foreign and, interstate vessels, 807. ; ton- nage, 2,031,303 ; coastwise; 850 vessels tonnage, 801,508. ' -. OUTWARDS,. Interstate- und Foreign. Month. . No. of Vessels. Tonnage. Jpnuary ,- 67 173,877 lebruary ,:.'::51)- , ; 139,732 ' .March ... .... n 187 800 April ... 07 160,272- Muy - ... 72'-.-. -192.829, , June ... .78 ' . . 205,145 'July,,: ... ... ._ 65 176,373 August ... .... 54 : '141,008 . September ...--03 158;543 Oetobor ...r. ... 80 ' ' -153;873 ' November. A." .... 65 ' 105,741 December ... .n . 85 ;'.;152,207,: / Totals ...' ... 788 2;016.i89 ' .. Coastwise. ! . .Month.. No. of Vessels. Tonnage. January ; 80 64.904 February 45 : . 50.203 , March --.'A., ... 48 A i ' .88,544 1 ' .April' ,x:;.44 " 55',562 "- = i Slay ; 48"" ..-"s-w -84 289' June ' ;.. ... 45 59,451V ' -. -July . ... -.... ::.t. '53 . : . 70.042 ,' -Augdst ... ;49 ,- A -7R.G03 ' September ;a -52 -.= ' 65,854 October. nl " 117,195 w November v,.. ... 47 ' 511,738 December ... ... SS - ,72,468 " Totals .C ...500 A- 707,709. The flguics ior' 1013.. w'ere ; Outwards, foreign and 'interstate vessels, 7?7, ton- lingo. 1,085,751 ; coastwise, 680 . vessels, tonnage,' 8511,189. - ' . HARBOUll IMPROVEMENTS. The Stato Treasurer (Hon.<W. H. Barnes), in his lapt linaDcial statement, dealt 'with shipping. for the financial' year, ended 30th; J unc; . and . -made rctctence to harbour improvements. . He said improve ment works had ' been carried out' at nil ports during the ' year where trade had been' active. . The governing depth ' ot the Brisbane River hud not been 'increased during', the-, vear, but the channel had been .widened in various places, and shoal areas, outside the limits of the cilttiiigs deepened , pre paratory to imdertaUing tlie provision ot an increased depthn AVlth this object the bucket dredger Maryborough hail been lengthened to enable a greater depth to ,bo reached, and arrangements for lengthen ing the Hydra similarly had been com pleted. It was intended to increase the depth or the waterway from 24 feet at l.w.s., tlic excisting depth, to 26 feet at t.w.s., anil the dredges Hercules anil Maryborough were working to that depth. The maximum draught per mitted . at present through' the Suez Cnnal was 29 feet, but (luring 1915 this draught might , lie . increased to 30 leet-. With 26 feet at l.w.s. in the ' wnterwny ol the Brisbane River there would he a depth varying, from 30 to 33 feet iithigh water, ' at neaps und springs respectively.' At Buliinba point the low-water line had been cut back 400 feel and 9 acres of land removed, nnd the Ilulimba reach cutting below the lorry muinlnincd und widened. The waterway in tlic Humbug reach above Norris point was improved, and in a very short time the channel there would he 101) to 500 feet wide willi n minimum depth ol 26 teet ut low wilier. It also was proposed to remove some 8| acres Irom Kindlon point, the land having been purchased some years ago ior that purpose. The waterway in Slmfston reach had been widened by 200 feet, with a minimum depth of 25 (cet, At Kangaroo Polnl all that could ho done rit present is lo maintain the water- wne which had been provided there, hut some casement to tlic navigation of the river in this vicinity hud been effected by (lie removal of' thu customs rocks. At the Gardens point an area ol some 5 acres hud .already been removed. The growth of tlio meat export business at Brisbane hsid created a considerably amount of harbour improvement work. The suction dredger .Samson, which had been mil of commission for munv years, wns sold lo the New South Wales Gov ernment for what is considered a satis- faeloiv price. At Maryborough various cuttings in (lie Mnrv River which had shoalrd wen' dredged in Hie latter lmlf of 11113. A anulriicl was let for the construction ot the Inner portion or Hie jeltr at Uran- gun point for J; 13,394, which now has been completed, und tenders luivc been culled or the, outer portion. At Glad stone a Harbour Board was rreutcd, and commenced its functions (roiu danunrv," I'M 1. A I Townsville the eastern hrenkwuter had been widened, relieving the conges tion or traffic. Dredging had been con tinuous. imnroring the entrance nnd also the approach lo the new pier. The gus- li'inv placed at the entrance channel to the harbour wus proving of great benefit lo mariners visiting the port. The lead ing lights in the harbour also have under- eone alteration. Ihe height ot the towers hcliir; considerably incrensed so as to give mariner:; their full benefit as lead ing 'marks. I mpravemcnts also had been cP'flrteri al Maokav, Rowen, ami Cuirns. DOCK 54 URGENTLY REQUIRED. The shipping statistics (foreign und roasting) for the poll of Brisbane, 11s shown in Hie last annua! report of the. cio.'inrer for harbours and rivers 'Air. Is .1. Collen) furnish a splendid illustra tion of the steady growth of shipping, and consctyiicntly increase in trade. The number of vessels that arrived' at Bris-- bane in 1880 was 12-1, and' ,.tlic net pmse wns 20,150;- Forr 1913, tHD figures were 1,457, arrivals; and (the net tonnage 2,832,819, NotwithstanUihg tills , inftr,cr'Ei nothing has been done to provide adequate docking aocomnioda- f ,0il..far lt!c acquirements ot ships viSit- ing'thc por. This is a grave defect. A large up-to-date- dock fit Brisbane and one at ja'n;s llrc 1 urS=nt necessities artd because ship owners cannot obtain docking facilities, tlie.y are obliged to arrange tor their requirements elsewhere Tile . sooner this anomaly is abolished the better, for the State is losing revenue and .employment far its people. Never was there a more effective demonstra tion for large docks in Queensland than lias been furnished within the Inst five months. Australian warships and trans ports have been cruising along the Queensland coast, and had anv of these ships been damaged by the enemv, it -would have been a - difficult task to 'n?.!1G-vr tliem to Sydney for repairs. The South Brisbane dock appears to have commenced operations in 1883, and in the following year 38- vessels used the dock'- .Sit-in , 1902 ; and 88 in 1914! The figures show considerable .fluctuations, hut tlio- obvious llevelbpmcnt or require ments is sufficient to make one. ask,- why have . not , the dock-' ing facilities of Brisbane : increased with the progress of shipping. In 1833.. the vessels, .as stated above, . using the dock numbered 39 ; the total tonnage of '5HP?£"then ''Mrivtag at Brisbane, was 538,780. In 1914, the. vessels dealt with at the: dock totalled GR, but the total net tonnage of all the vessels arriving at Brisbane was 2,832,819. .The logic of these Ilgurps is' irresistible: ANCIENT MARINERS GONE. . In the ' early part of the year, the Stato. lost by death,, tliti services ol one ot its most able servants— the Tate Cap-: tnin MacKuy, i.S.O. He passed away on the morhing ot the 12th March, at thu ripe age of 75. His name und achieve ments are indissoluhlv associated with 1 the. history of Quk-nslnnd. He arrived in Australia in the year 1853, and joined the , Queensland Marine Department on tho 12th. July, 1883, when he was appointed harbour master at. Cooktbwh. On the 26th iMarcli, 1903, lie permanently was appointed to the position ol head of'ths Marine Department, die, was succeeded by Captain W. D. Forrester, as port- master, and . chairman of the Marine Board.- Another , line 'old . pioneer inariucr. who travelled .to tile lonely port. whcncc no- traveller returns, was Captain 'William -Collin.': He settled. in Queensland iii the year- 1882, and, from that time until' he retired from business a fcw_: years before his demise, lie. closely was .identified with shipping urtd commercial interests. He passed away on . the .2nd of January in the -80th year of his i h'ge. ' "MISHAPS. ' \- Tile year did hot pass without addiug to ..the list of marine mishaps. The most serious was the wreck ol dlic steamer St. Paul, which occurred oil tlio night ot the 28th March. The St. Paul was a French owned cralt., und had left New Caledonia for Brisbane with a cargo ol 2,000 tons of chrome ore. When entering Moreton Bay she appeared to get into difficulties, and struck what proved to be an - un charted rock. Seventeen persons on board were drowned, and only 11 were saved. This disustor was not due -in any way to the fnultlncss ot the navigation marks, tho vessel having struck a rock hitherto uncharted, within the ioul ground m tho vicinity of Smith Rook. It then was recommended to tho authorities that a fresh survey of the : locality where the vessel struck should be made. and. as an additional safeguard; It was decided to place a lighted buoy near Smith Rock. Another accident j of importance was the stranding of ' tlic steamer Matunga, which traded between Syffiiey and Papua. She came in, contact with an unknown rest about 20 miles from Wood- lark' Island, and remained last Until 12th March, when she salely was re floated; and was able to continue .her voyage. On the 23rd May tlio immigrant steamer Wuipura got into difficulties in the vicinity ot Annibal Islands reef. She touched the ground from the forepcak to No. 3 hatch. The agents, the B.I. and Q.A. Company, instantly arranged for as sistance to be sent to the Walpara, and kept, in constant touch Willi the vessel by means of wireless telcgranliy. No casualties ol anv kind happened, "and the vessel being satelv refloated, continued her voyage to Brisbane. On Sunday morning, the 27 tli September, the Ade laide Steamship Company's well known passenger steamer Marloo /struck a red on Sandy Cape, anil subsequently was beached 18 miles southward of the cape. The Marloo humped heavily, and as she was making water fast, 1ho captain im mediately made for the beach, and for tunately succeeded in running his vessel on a suitable part of . the, coast of.Frasor Island before she sank. The whole ol tho passengers (thirtr) and crew thus were saved. The Marloo was a vessel ot 2,628 tons gross register, well known all the way from Cairns to Fremantle. For muni1 veurs she was , employed in the Adelaide Steamship Cnmnany's Svdnev to Fremantle service, hut for - tho last de cade or so she was running In tho cast coast service. The ves sel subsequently was , abandoned, and since has become a . total wreck. OHier noticeable incidents were the fires which recently occurred in n Cargo o ore in the Adclaido Company's steninev Urillu, nind in the muil room ot Hie Australian Steamship's vessel, itmii- hnla. Fortunatelv. both firps were sup pressed before thev caused. anv exten sive il mmi ee. In the last quarter of the year a rather unusual number of minor nccidenls hnnncned ill the Brisbane River, ,- md the assistant shipning inspector (Cup- tain II. G. Shaw) hnd husv time con ducting the preliminary imuiiries. NEW PILOT STEAMER. The. uoiv pilot steamer, Matthew Flinders, arrived at Brisbane on tlio 3 7 th October, m command of Captain Buchanan. She was to have been de livered in May, lint. 111 consequence ol heavy rains. Ac., nnd several small strikes, which delayed the building. Re time hnd been exceeded. She sailed roe. Great Britain on the I8II1 Julv, but Iicr voyage had been protracted owing to .war conditions. The -Matthew.. Flinders arrived safely ut Atbanv on 13th October, and site reached Sydney', on ,23rd, October, leaving for BrisGane next day. A de scription, of the vessel was published in the ",Tclegt-fi|lh''- on her arrival at this port. However, it seems that in the opinion- of some. ttm pilot steamer was not quite suited"" To" U'lcaT requileniSrits, and her construction recently was the subject of criticism in the Legislative Assembly. Messrs. Itirwdn and llarber Contended, among other things, that there was not proper accommodation or the pilots, and Mr. W. I-l.' Barnes, In reply, said ii that wrrc found to he tlic case, alterations would lie made. On Monday last, us was stated, certain improve ' ments had been made, nnd the port- master expressed unbounded admiration at the appearance and suitability of tlio steamer in her present, garb of French grey paint, whicii has taken the sombre dark hue in which the hull previously wns painted. But more imp'ortant thaii | these changes' Is 'the ndditioti or ah i awning deck, which overspreads the whole of the main deck aft, and the affixing of cowls - tri tlie ventilators connecting with every cabin in' the ship, in addition to these, improvements tile skylight ait has been raised to such an extent that it will be; possible to keep it open in all kinds of weather practically. In this and similar xvavs the vessel now has been fitted for her subtropical work, ana .will he rccomraissioned to-day. J: : ; -NEW. VESSELS. .. On the 1 lt.il January! the Blue FUhltel liner Ulysses/then 011 ner first voyage to Austriilin, reached.! Brisbane, having left Glasgow on .the- 17th November. Sho brought to Brisnane 1,400 tons ot general cargo, which was discharged at the .mer cantile wharf. The -Ulysses is n sister ship to the Nestor, is 580 feet long, with a gcOsS 'totinage of 14,500. O11 the 28th March, the trial trip of the inotorboat Magneta was made. . She wus built ior Air. Hayles, 6t Townsville, bv J. H- Whereat, of Uuliuiba, and was designed to ' carry ' passengers between Townsville and Magnetic Island. At the time uf tho trip dimensions' were "given ' as 66 feet iung, with a beam of 14 feet 6 inches. It then wiis claimed thdt the Magneta, which cost £2,000 to construct, was the largest boat of her class cver'huilt In Brisbane.. On tho 10th April, the Dutch packet steamer Van Cloop paid her first visit to Brisbane, and among the passen gers were lier roval highncts the Duchess D'Aosta, jjliss Hicks-Beach, and the Mar quis Piscicelli. Another newcomer from the east 'was the Jap anese mail steamer, Hitachi Maru. which now is on lier homeward Voyage from Australia. But( by far tlie, most important event in the way of new visi tors. -Wns the appearance ot tlio big liner SUevtc, which signalised the extension oi the White Star service to Brisbane. She made her first trip to this port on the llt.li May, and departed for the United Kingdom with a large cargo, on the IStb. The next White Star liner seen at Bris bane wns the Persic, which entered the river about the 3rd June. Sohie months ago the company's representative visited Brisbane with the view of .sending to Queensland the man/moth liner ' Ceramic, 18,000 tons. Tlio -Treasurer,, commenting on this enterprise, said it was another Indication- of. the prosperity of . tho. State, and showed that . the shipping companies were' prepared to avail them selves of the snlendid opportunities which offered in connection with Queensland trade. QUARANTINE. From the public point of view, the quarantine administration . generally has been very satistnetory. The examination of ships uroved fairly effective, aud this work necessitated strenuous and "con tinuous supervision by. the quarantine officers in Queensland, "which State is the most important in the service, oil ac count of tho relative amount oi shipping and coastline, nnd its proximity to jn- fected centres in the orient. Queensland will become even more .important in the province ot quarantine, 'when ships com mence to touch Its shores, via. the Pana ma Canal, in cqnsequence'.ot the difficulty of dealing - with "the stcgomyia mosquito, which carries yellow fever. This dqnger Will not be incurred by, the steamers ivheh passing through 'the canal) but the infection is met at subsequent -ports, of call. This has peen shown by the fact that somo years ago yellow fever was conveyed to Hoholulu, where, however, it was stamped out, In the courso of the year one case of plague, in a ship from tlio cast, came under observation ; it was detected at Darwin, and tho patient was sent on to .Sydnc)' for treatment. One ease of smallpox, which recently excited soiree comment, was found on the steamer Kanownn, ..bound from Melbourne, via Sydney to Cairns. The continued ex istence of smallpox at Sydney is' an ab solute danger to the rest of Australia. Experience everywhere has ' shown that, outbreaks in modern civi lised communities resolve themselves merely into a question- , of proper legislation, properly enforced. The persistence ot smallpox in Sydney points to the very obvious inference in respect to tho local health administra tion. The trouble cannot bo saddled on the Commonwealth ; it is caused by the muddling of the Ideal health authorities in Sydney. The prevalence ol cholera in the Dutch Enst Indies and the discovery of .a case at Itabaul last year obliged the quarantine officers in this State to carry: out a systematic inspection of ves sels, especially in regard to drinking water tanks. A large amount of fumiga tion . took place in oversea and domestic ships, not only at Brisbano, hut at all tlie out ports. Many hundreds of thou sands of tons of shipping Irom Sydney were examined, this being obligatory, be cause of the smallpox iufection rampant ln tho southern port. A quarantine sta tion at Thursday Island was built in 1914,- and the station at Lytton, com menced in .1913, and capable ol accom modating about 16 patients, now is ap proaching completion. It may be interest ing to mention that Dr. Cumpston (direc tor of quarantine) last year issued a valuable publication embodying the his tory of smallpox in Australia from 1788 to 1008. The compilation ot this volume involved an immense amount of research, nnd no doubt, the lessons of experience it contains will exercise a salutary effect in the future. MISCELLANEOUS. Among the notable events recorded in 1014\. was the inauguration' ot tho new mail contract by Howard Smith, l.im- f tod. The' It. M.S. Coomu left on her first northward run in the new service on 4 th December. The Motirilyan and Lass 0' Gowrie also arc engaged in the car riage of mails in the far north. -Last vear, witnessed the return 1o Hie north ern trade of the AoU.S.N. Co.'.-; .fine pas senger steamer Bingera. The outbreak of the war caused a sudden fail in the 'interstate passenger traffic, but- before the end of 1014, the traffic was back to nor mal , nnd the' best instance of the recov ery is proved by the fact that Hie at earner Canberra left Brisbane for Mel bourne and Sydney on 23rd December, ivltli a complement of 500 passengers. The. fine cargo steamers ot'thc Adelaide Company were engaged busilr throughout the veur, and among other commodities handled lurge 'quantities of sugar. Tim conquest of Gorman New Guinea opened a hew- uvenue of trade, und the steamers of Burns. fillip, and Co., several months ago commenced lo call ut Rabaiil. Tlie removal of large vessels for the transport of troons and horses caused I einporary inconvenience, hut this gradu ally is lu-ing obviated. Probably this year will he found to have been the most, active in shipping circles ever recorded in the annals of tlic State. The declaration of war hv Great. Britain wns followed by a seizure ' of hundreds ni German owned merchantmen 'n the various parts of Um Empire. In Australia 21 vessels were de tained, ami of that .number, three— the I'rinz Sieismund. Cnn,statl, anil Signal— wer- held at Brisbane. Though the fact tmidli- is noticed now, it will he one of the marvels of history that. German -dhin- ning and German warsliins were swept, off 1he sea >n a lew months, anil ' lie wide viiTnlfientinns of British mercantile marine maintained almost' unimnaired. A schonlhnv recently wrote : "Much hut t ee is imported from Denmark, because. Danish cows have greater enterprise and superior technical education to ours," 