STATE PARLIAMENT. ! ? ?— — * ? — '' '? ? ; LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. — ? » ' THEG^OVVjrH^OF^DEPARTMENTS. PERSISTENT DEMAND «?* SAV. ING. Tlie Legislative Assembly, met yesterday a; H.30 p.m. ? . ' . ? Tiit: discussion of the budget was con tinued in committee of supply. Mr. Keast said that ns chairmtui of the Public Accounts Committee lie felt'that it was his duty to give certain information to the House and the country. A number of flic items in which the Premier proposed economies were non-recurring votes. Many of the departments were over-manned, and a big saving could bo effected in them. While the dungeons of the Lands depart ment were being reconstructed, room /or nnout iuu clerks could be found in the geological branch. Unemployment would increase when soldiers returned from the war; and as the interest on the Govern ment and municipal debt of Australia amounted -to £16,000,000 per .annum, it was necessary to looli ahead. . The Chief Secretary: It is jiot much for. Australia. You arc a pessimist. Mr. Keast: 1 am not a pessimist. It is Ik- viisc man who looks ahead, not the wan who sits on a bench and does nothing. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Continuing, Jlr. Keasc said the outstanding feature of the budget was that there was an esti mated deficiency of £233,000 for this finan cial year,' and in view of heavy taxation that must result, there was need for econo my. The expenditure of £2,000,000, proposed under the Slain Koads Act, should be limited to £1,500,000, and the board should be responsible for tivo'-Uiirds of the capital outlay and the shires for one-third. Tins would necessitate the board's selecting the most pressing works, and letting others stand over till alter the war tvd depres sion. The finance committee mentioned bv the Treasurer iu big budget should .have been ' appointed before delivery of the budget. There had been a steady increase In the cost of every department.. The Chief Secretary need not look annoyed. The Chief Secretary: Xot 'annoyed— rather amused ! (Laughter.) Mr. Keiist: It took \ery little to amuse the Chiei Secretary. . The Chiei Secretary: You are quite r/'giit. . .?' ??' Mr. Keus't: The 'Government should have accepted' the bulk, system of liandling grain lecommenued by the commission; To bring an lAjittu ilUUJ V.UIIUUII WllS UHOWlllg tlllSt hi the eyes of the public. The Lands tlo jiartmeuthud failed to deal with iihoccu [liol Crown lands. The loss ai the Itoil ? way department last year was £S'-0,0!)0. } It was a year of drought, but was it any i wonder tint the railways of the country i (lid not pay when they ran through him | tirals of thousands of acres of uncultivated I land ? The Government proposed to in ! crease the salaries of the Ibiiiwny Commis i sioncrs, while it, could not give 1/ per day { increase to the underpaid men. Jf anyone ». were entitled to an increase is was me | luiver paid men. ({lcar, hear.) | Expanding Commitments. I The vote of the Water Supply department f showed all increase of nearly £30,000. : and ? iKe Agricultural department's expenditure .1 had increased within the last five years by I over £53,000. . What in the name o'f heaven did the 1000 employes in the latter depavtmeut all. do ? The Minister and tjiitl every, man was bu»y, owing to tiie seed wheat and foilxlor being supplied. Jjnr iny the !-outh African war one Jinn, ton sisriiij; of three prineipiils and two clerks, -l;d trie whole work of handling '23,000 toil* nf fodder wmc away to Sont.h Africa. Tne Premier said there was only a lo^s of ' £110,0(10 oil the. wJiciit unit fod-ler im jiorteil. lie (Mr. Keast) estimated that ? the loss on fodder alone would Hot lie ! much less. He olrjeeted to the unnccessiiry i vuliiicatibus, which swelled- the priming : bill.' and to ? the increase in the Kiluriefc of tiie Attorney-Generars de liartnieut; ? Surely ' men . had 'enough patriotism not. , to accept such Jn iToments in times like these, lie certainly objected to increiwcs in big salaries ,vhen the Government could not pay increases to poorer paid servants. The Premier: -The increases would only amount to £-00 or £.100. 'Servants '.vere legally entitled to such increases. j . Mr. Keast: He .va» oorrythat the grant i to cotiniry libraries hail.bcen cut down. A non-recurring item was that of £30,000, .Mont Park Asylum and pureliut-e of land. The Premier: Arrangements have ibeen made with . the Federal Government to j lake over portions of the new .buildings there for soldiers. I! Mr. Kciiki said he noticed that traveljing ?' c.\jieii.*ivii in some departments were to be It itduceil from ;i0 to M \wr cent. To jiis K inind it indicated that there had been 'ah K ubiit-e in connection with travelling ex B 3*nees or that much neeillesrt travelling H li'hl taken place. The new taxation the. K ]-eu»le would have to pay woiild amount to k I'D! 1,437. Loans falling due in the course ?| iii live yeaia uniountrd id1 ±:-J-J.OUU,OOO. The I'reuiior: ..Did'- you read the ntate mm: that the people of Knglnnd may iiuvn U- t'uivgo hull' their earnings Y Mr. Iveasl: We may have to meet it U'i'c iu a similar way. Mr. 'Solly: ilear, iiear. 'Billy' llughe« Vs not iniislied-wiOi' them yet. (Laugh ttr.) | Mr. Keast: Did the Government intend ! to continue the huge expense of the John . Murray ? ? Tie Premier: Sixty-six 'boys of the ship ?are lighting at Gallipbli. ? ' ' ilr. Solly: The John Murray has nothing to do with that. Mr. JCeast, in conclusion, urcpd the Gov ernment to exorcise economy' in the meteorological and statistieinn's ollices; in Jact he did not see the -necessity of keep in; the State Statistician's office, in vicv 'I the fact that the Federal department nerved the purpose. .lie Jicrped the Trea surer would recast the estimates. ?Mr. Solly: Ami recast the Government. (Uiijnter.) I Mr. C'hatiiiini said it was not right that 1'Mpie who objected to land tax valuation »aouJ,| huvo to i-|-fii.l A'30 or iVHI iriIcn appealing. The provision shoul-l be »im Jlihed, and the cTheek valuer sliould make inspections. Those who paid land tnx were relieved of income tax on the proceeds of too produce of the land. At ? Mtltlurn, Mere £1000 worth of fruit was produced ?I in a very small area, people wore practi m caliy relieved of Iwtli taxes. The Govcrn H inent propose-l to increase the salaries of M- public olliccrs drawing £1000 and £1500 a B- jear. At this time Uio country could not H afford the expenditure. Those oflicers K would find it liurd to earn as much out m tide. K The Attorney-General: One man draws K '£8000 a year for managing a business ?j imaller than the railways. ?j Mr. Chatham: Some high salaries were K Me to the possession of trade secrets, in m, connection -with irrigation, it seemed B ttrange that the cost of the work for sup ? Plying Werribee settlers with water should ? amount to £15 or £10 per acre. ? 'hen 'there was an opi»rtunity of saving ? star\\-ing stock, the only thing wanted to ?j carry out the irrigation policy was water, ?j A few yeara ago the Victorian Government ? supplied thf: South African Government ? with a quantity of wattle eeed. Now H ™fth. Africa was exporting millions of ? liounds' worth of wattle bark every year. ?1 Mr. A. A. Billeon: Exporting it to Vie ? tonn, too. ? ? H Sir. Chatham: Tt was strange that the ?J people who were able to furnifih the wattle ?i *xd had not taken up the growing of ?j Yatllc. trees, th:it had turned out so profit M ttlc. The Piemier had Siiid the State had ?- tet £70,000 on the importation of. wheat. ?j Hie (iovernment should provide at least ? one year's supply of grain to feed the ?I W'plc. It could be obtained from, finch ? farmers as those to whom see-l wheat ad ? Vinccs had been made. Bf -t ? St'Pherson eaid hu .vondered why H the heads of departments, when they knew ?j what waa hap])ening t'nrougVi tlie war, ?j should come along with estimates so ?j greatly inflated that Oie Premier had . to ?j fat the figures down. No great economics I! ?ter? ^'Sgestcd in the budget statement, ?j J{ increases in pay were granted to the ?j higher grnrle servants thero. was every H jeason for' lower' grp.de mrrants to ask for ?) »cr»aM6. He could not blame them for ?j siting.: Hi ^Tie frenjier: Xo increi:-eati5 have been ?| Hopped in the lower grade.-:, ?j Competetlvo Extravagance. . I! HrV Sl'Pherson: 5in:e 'the Common Hi wealth »as created there sonmed to exist H ,* nV^TV- !v1th tlje Sl'tc ilK ld »'hidi snouid ?j Vav thf mglier snUnes. ?J The Premirr: Hear, hn.tr ? ? ?j Mr. M'Phereon Mivl he he.ud tuat it wis ? ^oMmg thP State C20.WK) a M'.ir to re tan ?j a»v raving, bajik oHu-'sle who had ii ?fctw ? . | , tended transfen-ing their services to tha Commonwealtn. ' ! . ; Jlr. Sinclair: Sonie of the clerks deserved' increases. . . ? . Mr. M'Phereon: A number ot the officers ?to whom increases were given were cer tainly in receipt of good pay. Mr. Sinclair: And some were poorly' paid. ? Mr. M'Phewon thought an outside ex pert slioulri inquiro into the working of the public service, and co-operation of the Federal Parliament should .be Bought with a^ view to the amalgamation of certain Federal and State ntlicers. It was not of nuicli use asking a Cabinet sub-committee, Ministers or beads of departments to con sider the question of economies, for human nature prevailed. The outside ex pert could make suggestions without fear or favor. He congratulated the Govern ment on the success of the SUte insurance scheme, and suggested that fire insurance be added to ite activities. There should bo nn amendment of the act to com pel .municipalities to effect their insurances with the State oflice.' It should ?jo possible to effect a saving by collecting some of the land and income taxes trom July to December, instead of uoing, all the work between January anj the end of June. Nothing demoralised a man sooner than not getting plenty ot work._ To Jus knowledge orders wero'sant out ot Australia for g00(is that ,ou](1 be nude here, hvery pound we kept in the country would Jielp to pay our indebtednefs. lllear, Jiear.) In England the authorities advocated great restriction of imports for the same reason. Heads of department? should , be instructed to consult the Minis ter before sending orders of any substan tial amount outside Australia. Jf land ivere made available, paople would come to Aus tralia and settle of their own account. (.Iiear, hear.) One could travel for miles pn the railways without seeing' signs of habitation. Land owners should not be allowed to retain the increment in vaiue caused by making railways. Mr. Tunneeliffe: A line to be opened next weeks. runs for five miles on the front age of one estate. About £3 an acre or. 3U.000 acres. . ? . 'Mr. A. A. Billson said he felt it was -lis duty to make any suggestion that migafc be helpful in improving the finaucial posi tion. ? . ? TJie Premier: I'll accept suggestions from you or any other member. It is no ques tion of party. Delusion in the Budget. ? Mr. A. A. Billson said it was au absolute absurdity to ask' the country to believe that the Government was following the lines, of economy. The reduction in the immigration vote was due to the fact that there were no immigrants; but it was paraded before the country as a neat stroke ot economy. Last year there wore only 3,000,000 bushels of grain to carry; this year there would be from 45^000,000 to 50,000,000 bushels; jvfc the Treasurer naked theHoiise' to helievc there would be a saving on the. railways of £103,000. liver since the act was passed appointing an inspector-general in lunacy; the expenditure (on the depart ment) had been something tremendous, lliey found n paltry sum of £75 was set down for work ngainst the disease that bad inflicted the greatest curse upon -humanity. Mr. holly: Our asylums are full on ac count of that disease. If you eradicate it, you can do away with asylums pretty well. Mr. A. A. Billson: Hardly one item dealt with the curtailment of the cost of the pub lic service. A Cabinet committee vrne not tlie proper body to overhaul public expendi ture. l£e (Mr. Billson) preferred ? the pro posal to appoint an outside. business man. -Mr. Hannah: ,Mr. M'C. Anderson has had a marked effect' on the Commonwealth service. Mr. Ilnyles: Yes; 1 see, Spcnce lost his ]o'.i. (Loud lani?ljiter.) i: , -Mr-.-A-A-. Billson: It was a 'delusion'1 budget. The -Treasurer *had deluded him self into the belief that a policy of drift was tne surest way to keep the ship of Mate off the rocks of disaster. \--?-'.. -iii-iiuiiu.v . it is easier 10 criticise than to suggest economics. ? Mr. A. A. Billson: We could cut down' the expenditure' of £11,400,(1110 in various ways without doing much harm to the State. H was extraordinary that while expendi ture on education had greatly increased jhe attendances at schools had not been larger on the averages. Mr. Membrey: Years ago the cry .-.was that education was starved, and extra ex penditure resulted. Mr. Sinclair: The public is not trying out alvout the expenditure on education. Mr. A. A Billson: The expenditure of loan money had greatly increased. -.-rMr-. --Sinelnfr:- 'You are crying- '-volf ' When the wolf is not near the door Cheer up ! - ? 5t'\1-A- A- Bi's°n: It was imperative to lure Aral'nlllS aSain«t Croat, expendi The Chief Secretary: Let m sit down and Jia\e a good cry. (Laughter.) -Mr. A. A. liilson: That remark is ouito ™T'Slul J''\H'tf Chief Seerei.irvTBqatt' \ 'hi, Vf Jw7rbce? '''''B «r lying down an Jus hfc. (Lauplitcr.) \- The Chior' Secretary: I have heard the wi me accusations made against Mr. Bill. Mr. A A. Biltepti: Tiixation had shown « B»at incnwe. We had outboomed the luZ ?Vr''i ViB total tilSilt'on now (in h, m ?ll/'',il lea(1- '« thought he House .would have no hesitation ». ; *iyinir that the finandal proposal Mr. Solly: ihere is the; £600 for the'e-'' laying eonteet. . . ? . '' Mr. A. A. IJillson: Quite eo. Fancy £000 times'' -*:' ''ylnff- --»«ipotition three 'Ihe Cinef Secretarv (to M^r Billsoni J)out forget you are responsible for some ot the expenditure in the past ! Mr. A. A. Billson: As' a member of a previous Cabinet lie had had to submit his proposals to fcne Treasurer of the day Owing to the solidarity of the Cabinet he wa.-i often forced to agree to various pro posa s outside his department which per sonally , he did not approve of. (.Members: Oh !) A'ttcr all they could not perhaps expect anything from a Government which was racked with internal dissension, and with some members of it anxious to get out ot ollice as quickly as possible. The Chief Secretary: Where did you learn that? - Mr. A. A. Billson! We know what is going' on. -. ' ' ? Mr. M'Laehlan asked whether, when members spoke of retrenchment, they mi-ant the dismissal of otiicers anil tin' cutting down bf salaries. lie was against that kind of retrenchment. Keleriiii' to rural development. Mr. M'Laehlan said that until Victoria adopted tlie system' of testing cows followed in Den mark.. Canada,' England. Scotland and Xciv Zealand the. dairying industry would not go ahead. The average milk yield, per cow here was 340 gallons, compared with 450 gallons in America, 500 in Great Britain au'l 00ft in Denmark. The Chief Secretary: The average Vic torian cow is better than the Danish cow. Mr. M'Lachlan: Sir Kider Hncrard show ed that Denmark imported the best breeds from England, but did not progress until the testing of cows was started. Then the cows which gave the best results were uscdior breeding. The people in the coun try were bent on resisting the increased freigTits and fares. Mr. JI'LeoTl asked for the adjournment of the debate. The- Premier: I have no objection. The debate was adjourned, and at 0.40 p.m. the House adjourned till 11 a.m. to day. ? 