Last Year's Shipping Satisfactory Record. Oversea Increase. The year 1911 has been an cvcnttul one in the history of. shipping, not only in relation to Queensland, hut to tho whole world. Tho sudden outbreak of the 1 European war disorganised shipping, and | tlic presence of enemy warships made the ! . pen routes unsafe. German men-o'-war j sea He red about the oceans of the globe, | ifntiiagcd or destroyed a-, number of 1 British ships ; hut the marvellous com- 1 liinnlion or nil parts ot tho British : Empire, and the size and efficiency of its. navy wete tho factors which swept the I enemy from the ocean, ttpd rapidly re- j established safe sea lnnes for the transit , of ' our shipping. Notwithstanding this temporary sus- 1 pension, . thu 1914 statistics for UriB- j bane arc very satisfactory. Compared witli last year, the. figures for oversea , shipping inwards, nnd outwards, show an increase in numbers anil tonnage. There J has been a slight decrease in coastwise shipping. The figures have been mado available by the . collector of customs (Mr. O. S. Muddoeks), and thu tpllOwing tallies show the monthly registrations for interstate and ' foreign and coastwise ves sels,- inwards and outwards. INWARDS. Interstate and Foreign. v . Month. No. ot Vessels. - Tonnage. January ... ... Gil. ' 178,917 February 59 137,404 ' March ... ,... 81 222,152 April 02 - 150,407 " Miiv ....... 74 102,917 Jliiic ' :.v ... '87. r. 23b, 429 ' , Julv ... ...' 07- 184,072 . Ailgnst ... ... 03. 154,004 September ... ... 02.; - 135,294 October ... 70 182,914 November 113 149,093 , ' December ... 1... 71 190,111 Totals : 828 -. 2, 078, 0)3 .Coasttvise., . , .Month. . No; bt Vessels. Tonnage. , , January , .„ 17 / " 00,841 Fcliruary ... .... . 42 '49,330 . . , March ... ... 49 03,197 April ... 49 02,311 . "lay . .45 ii3,«88: June. 4.3 - 01,005 \ July ... ... 50. . 78)311 . August . ... ... Ill ' . 72,182 . September 42 55,490 ., October ... ... 40 57,557 . Novonibcr ... .... 45 . . ,01,519 December '58 ' ..... 07,107 Totals 550 . ' 751,234 The figutes . Mr 1913 Wore:' ihWifdS, foreign and intetstiito Vessbis, 80? ; tbh- nnge, 2,031,303 ; coastwise, (150 Vessels - tonnage, 801,508. ' OUTWARDS. . , . Interstate and Foreign, . Month,..- No. ut Vessels. TOBhage. . January .. 67 173,877 .."..Feliiunry, .. ....ail 139..723 ' ; . Mnrcli ,.,-rr7B 1 197,300 ' ' i'11 ' " ' ®'- 160,272 \- r May ... ... 73 102,829 June JB 205,145 /July 05 176,374! August 54 - 141,008 September i.. ;.. , 03 158,519 Oetobor ... .... 00 159,073 . NoVeniiier 03 las, Ml - ; December . ,.i 05 152,207 / / Totals 788 ' ' 2,610,180 Coastwise. Mohtli, ; NO. of VdSBBlSi Tnhrtilge. " January." ' ... 50 34,904 Febnlary 45 50,203 , Marth ... .... -48 05,544 ' April.. ... 41 =.; 50,562 May ... ... 48 r 04,239 -Juno ... ... ... 45 119,451 , 'July--— -53 . 79,043 ' V.-Augllst' ... .., ..i- 4.!L 70,008 " September p. - ... 53 05,354 October ' 5.1 117,106 'November .... ... 47 i 59,730 December ... 58 .,',72,409 Totals - ... .../BOO ' , 707,709 . . .The figures for 19i3 Were: butvfnVdk, foreign and Ihterktate vessels; 111, tbn- iiuge. 1,985,751 ; coastwise, 930 Vessels, tonnage," 86(1,189. HARBOUR IMPROVEMENTS, The State Treasurer (Hon. W. H. Bifi'hcs), in liis lust financial statement, dealt with shipping for the ; financial year, ended 30tli June, and mode reference to hprbour iinqiroVcpients. He said improve ment works laid been carried' out at all ports . during . the ' year wbete trade had been active. The governing depth of the Brisbane River had hot hern increased during thu year, but the channel had been Widened in Various places, and siloal areas outside the limits of tlic cuttings deepened pre paratory to undertaking the provision ot all increased depth. With this object the bucket dredgtr Maryborough had been lengthened 'to enable a greater depth to bo reached, and nrtangements for lengthen ing the llydi'u Similarly had been com pleted. It wus intunded to increase, the depth of the waterway from 24 feet at l.w.s., tlie Hxcistiiig depth, to 20 feet at f.w.s., - and the, dredges Hercules and Maryborough were working to that depth. Tlic maximum draught per mitted at. present through the Suez Canal wad 29 feet, but during 1915 this draught might he increased to 3U ect. U'itli 20 feet at l.w.s. in the waterway of tho Brisbane River there would he, it depth varying from 30 to 3il feet at high water, ' at neaps and springs respectively. At Buliniba point the low-water line had been cut buck 400 feet and 9 acres of land removed, and thu Hulimba reach cutting below the ferry mnintnlrtcd and widened. The waterway in the. Humbug reach ahovo Norris point Wns improved, and in 11 very short time, the channel there would lie 400 to 500 feet wide Willi a minimum depth of 20 feet at low water. It also was proposed to remove some 8j acres from Klncllnn point, the land having been purchased some years ugo for that purpose. The waterway In .Slmfstnn reach had been widened by 200 feel, with a minimum depth ot 20 feet, A1 Kangaroo l'olnt all that could he done at, present is to maintain the water way which had bceii provided there, but some easement to the navigation of tho river in this vicinity had liccn effected hy the removal Of the customs rocks.' At flic Gardens point, an area of somo 5 ncres hud nlrcudy been removed. The growth of the meat export business at Brisbane hud created a considerably amount of Imrboiir improvement work. The suction dredger Samson, which hud been out of commission for mnnv years, wns sold to tho New South Wales Gov ernment for what is considered a satis factory price. At Maryborough various cuttings in the Mn'rv River which hnd shoaled were dredged in (lie latter half of 1918, A contract was let for tlic construction of the inner portion of the jcttv at Uran- gnn point for £13,294, which now has been completed, and tenders have been called for the outer portion. At Glud- slonc a Harbour Board wns created, and commenced its functions from January, 1»H. At Tnwiisvillc tho eastern breakwater bail been widened, reiioving the conges tion of traffic. Dredging hud licen con tinuous. imninving the untrance and ulso the approach to f lic new pier. The gus- luiny placed at the entrance channel to flic harbour wns nroving of great benefit to mariners visiting tlie port. The lend ing lights in Bin harbour also have under gone nllci'ntlon, (lie height of tho towers being considerably increased so as to give mariners I heir full benefit as lend ing marks. Imnrovcments also hnd been effected at Maekav, Bo wen, nnd Cairns. BOCKS URGENTLY REQUIRED. The shipping statistics fforeigu und coasting tor Hie port of Brisbane, as sbowr: in the last ;mnmi! report of the engineer for harbours und rivers (Mr. K. A Cullrn) furnish n splendid illustra tion ni tlie steudv growth of shipping, ami consequently increase in trade, The u'ln!?" or,o»nSSOl!i H'dt arrivbd at Bris bane in I860 wus .124, and the net tonnage was 29,150. For 1013 the t'nnnf "Yeim oil arrJTals. aa!l «'< net wT Notwithstanding this '-"Tease, nothing has been done to provide adequate docking accoriimodu- tmn for the requirements of ships visit- ing Lie pore. This Is u grave defect. A large up-to-date dock at Brisbane and- one at .1 ov.-nsville are urgent ..necessities and because ship ownets cannot obtain docking facilities, .they, are obliged to arrange for their requirements elsewhere. , s"oaer thlB anomaly- is abolished the better, for the .State is . losing revenue and employment for its people. Never was there n more effective demOnstra- ,tion for large docks in Queensland than lins been furnished within . the last five months Australian warships and trans ports - have been Cruising along the Queensland coast, ahd had any of these ships been damaged bv the- enemv, it would huve been a difficult ..task to convey them to .Sydney for repairs. The .South Brisbane dock appears to have commenced operations in 1882, and in the following year 39 vessels used the dddk 8i.« in 1902 ; and 08 in 1914. Tho figures allow considerable fhlctuatibHs, but tlie obviolis development of require ments is sliflieieht to make one ask, why have ilOt the dock- iaf, facilities ot Brisbalie increased with the progress of shipping. In 1853 the vessels, as stated above, using tlie dock numbered 39; the total toBnakc ot Vessels then arriving at Brisbane, was 538i78c- in 1914, Die vessels dealt vyith at. the, dock totalled US, hut tile tdial net tonnage df all the Vessels nrrivihg at Brisbane was 2,832,8i0, Tlie ldglo dt these figures is I tresis 1 1 hie. ancient Mariners gone. It) the ' ehriy. part ot' tic vear, the State lost by dcuth, the services of one .oi its most able servants— the late Cap tain Mackuy, l.S.O. He passed aivav on the morfiihg of thS lath March, at the ripo age of 75. Mis liable and aciiioVc- hients .are Indissoluble associated with the history of Queensland, f-le arrived in Australia ih the year 1S53, und joined the Queensland Marine Department on tho 12th July, 1883, when he was appointed harbour imuitet at Cooktbwit. On tho 20th March, 1008, he permanently wns appointed to the position of head "of thd Marine "Department, die was succeeded bv' Captain \V. . 11. Forrester, as port- master, and chairman of the Marine Board. Anothet line old plohqer mariner, who travelled to tlie lonely port. Whence 11b traveller returns, was Captain William Collin. He settlett ih Queensland ih tlie year 1802, and ftoin tliat time until lie retired from business, a cw years before his demise, he closely Was identified with shipping alia dlintlhcmul liiiafests. He passed away on tile. 2nd of January in the 80th year of his age. MISHAPS. '' The year did nbt jiass Without adding to tlie list of tilatiilc mishaps. The most seribUs was tho Wreck of tlie stctiinet Bt. f alil, wlileli oyUurrbil: bii Hie night of the 29th March, ,1'ilil ,St. Paul Was a French owned craft, and hail lett New Caledbitia for BrisBaUb with a cargo of 2,000 tons of . chroitlb ore, When entering Moreton Bay she iijipeai'ed to gel into diifidultios, nnd struck. What proved to lie ait un charted rock. Seventeen persons on bonrd Wclo .droWnod, ahd only' 11 WCre saved, This dlkustcr Was not duo -in any way to tlie fiiUltlnoSs of tlio navigation marks, tho Vessel having struck a rock hitherto uncharted within the foul ground in tlie vicinity of .SMitli Rock. It tiled wiis recommended to the authorities that a frcsli survey, of the locality where the vessel struck shoUld/lie Made, niiil, as ad additional safogunrd, it was decided to place a lighted 'buoy nBur -Smith Rock. Another accident ot importance was the stranding of the steamer Matimga, which traded between Sydney and Papua. She came ia Cdhtact witli un unkhbwn reef nlmiit 20 miles froin Wood- iark Island, and remained fast Until 12 th March, when she safely . Was re floated, and was able to continue her voyage, On the 23rd May fbe immigrant stealnef Walpttrd got into difficulties in the vicinity, of Annlbnl islands reef. She touched the ground from the forepcak to No. 3 hatch. The agents, the B.I. and W.A. PompahV, instantly urruiiged for as sistance to ho sent to the Walpnra, and kept in constant toiic-li Willi fhe Vessel by means of wifeless telegraphy. No easualtles of nnv kind, happened, and the vessel being sutelv refloated, continued her voyage to Brisbane. On .Sunday morning, the 27th .SeptemBcr, (he Ade laide Steamship Company's well known passenger stealncr Marloo struck a «it off Sandy Cape, and subsequently was beached 13 miles southward of the cape. The Marlon bumped heavily, und as she was makihg wntcr fast, the captain im mediately mado for the beach, and for tunately succeeded in running his vessel on a suitable part of tho coast of Feasor Island before she sank. The Whole of tho passengers (tldrtv) and crew thus' wore snved. The Marino was a vessel ot 2,628 tons gross register, well known all the way from Cairns to Frcmnnile. For many years she was employed in the Adelaide Steamship Comoany's Svdney to Fremantle service, hut for tlic last de- eado or so she. wns running in the cast const service. The ves sel subsequently. was abandoned, nnd since ban become a total wreck. Oilier noticeable incidents were the fires, which recently occurred in a cargo of ore in the Adelaide Company's steamer l.'rillu, and in the mail room of tlie Australian Steamship's vessel, Boiu- lmlti. Fortunatelv. both fires wore sun- pressed before thev cauftod nnv exten sive damage. In the last, miarter of the yenr a . rather unusual number of mlrtor ueeidents hnmionnd In the Brisbane River, and the assistuut, shipping Inspector (Cap tain H. (I. Shaw) hnd a busv time con ducting the prelimlnarv inmiiries. NEW PILOT STEAMER. Tim now pilot steamer, Matthew Flinders, arrived at Brisbane on tho 27th October, In command ot' Captain Buchanan. SI10 was to have been de livered in May, but. In consequence of heavy rains. Ac., and several small strikes, which delayed the building, tli" time laid been exceeded. She sailed lorn (ireat Britain on the 18th Jiilv. hut her voyage bud been protracted owing to war conditions. The Matthew Minders arrived safely at Albuhv on 13th October, and she reached Sydney' on 23rd October, leaving tor Brisfianc next day. A de scription of tlie. vessel was published in the "Telegraph" on her arrival at this port. However, it seems that in the opinion of some, tlie pilot steamer was not qiiitc suited to local requirements, and her construction recently was the subject of criticism in the Legislative Assembly. Messrs. Kirwfcn and Barber contended, umong other things, that there was not proper accommodation for tho j pilots, and Mr. \V. II. Ilnrncs, in reply. J said if that were found to be the case, alterations would lie made. . Oh Monday I Inst, as wns stated, certain improve- | ments had been made, and the port- j muster expressed unbounded admiration \ at the appearance and suitability of the : .steamer in her present garb of French ' grew paint, which has taken (he sombre dnrk hue in which the hull previously ; wns painted. But more important than these changes is the addition of an j awning deck, which overspreads the whole of the main deck aft, and the affixing of Cowls to ttm ventilators connecting with every cabin in the ship. In addition to these, improvements the skylight ait has been raised to such nn extent that it will lie' possible to :kecp it open in all kinds of weather practically. In this and similar wavs the vessel now has been -fitted for her subtropical work, and will be recommiissioned to-day: NEW VESSELS. On the 11th January, the Blue Funnel liner Ulysses/then on' Her first voyage to Austrnlitt, reached Brisbane, having left Glasgow 011 the 17th November. She brought to Brisbane 1,400 tons of general cargo, wliieh was discharged at the mer- canluc wharf. The Ulysses is a sister ship to the Nestor, is 580 feet long, with a gross tolmugc of t-1,500.' Oii tlie 28th March, the trial trip of the' inotbrboat Magneta whs made. She was built for Air. Huyles, of TownsVllle, by J- h. Whereat, Of Bulitnba, and was designed to catty piisswigerS between Townsville aud Magnetic island. At tlic time of tho trip dimensions 'WSffc given as 00 teet long, ' tvitli a beam of 14 feet 0 inches. It then was claimed that the Magheta, which Cokt £2,000. to cohnttuct, was the largest iioat of her class evet tnlilt In Brisbunc. Oil tho lOtll Apfil, tlie Dutch packet steamer 'Van Uloob paid her first visit to Brisbane, and among the passen gers were her rovnl highness the Dilcliess D'Aosta, Miss HickS- Beach, hMl tilts Mar quis Piseicclii. Another newcomer from tlie east was tile Jap anese , mail . stenriiet, HltaClU Marti. Avhieh iiow is on her hdriieWanl voyage ftom Australia. But, by faf the most important event in the way of new visi tors. was the apjiearanee ot the big litter Suavic, which signalised the extension, of the White Star' service to Brisbane. She made her nrst trip to this port On the 11th May, nfid departed for the United. Kingdom with a largo Cargo, on tlie 13th. The next While Star liner seen hp Bris bane wns the Persic, which entered the rivet about tlie 3rd June. Sflme months ago the company's representative Visited Brisbane with the . view ot sending to Queensland the manVbioth liner Ceramic,' 18,000 tons. The Treasurer, commenting on this enterprise, snld it was another indication of tlic- prosperity of the State, anil showed thnt . tiie shipping coinpntlleS were tirtbared id nvSjt. tliein- selves oi, t.lie shlendid dnportiinlticS which offered In connection With Queensland trade. QUARANTINE. -From the public point of View,' tho quarantine - administration generally has bbch. very satisfactory. The examination or ships Ufoved (airly effective, httd this work necessitated StrenlioUk afid Con tinuous supervision by the quarantine officers in Queensland, Which State id tlie ihost Important in the. service, oh ac count' of ilic relative ainollnt ot shipping and coastline, and its proximity tb in fected centres ih the orient. Queensland Will becoinc even more important in thfl province of quarantine, When ships COftv-. tnent-e tb touch its shores, via tiie Pana ma Oadal,.in consequence oi the difficulty of dealing with the stegomyia mdSqUlto, Which carries yellow . fever. This danger Will not be incurred by the steatnftta When passing through the cnnaii but the infection is met. at suhScquept. ports of call. , This has bcefi klinWn by the fact that some years ago yellow fever was conveyed to I-Wbdlulu, wliete, however, it was siamped out. In the course of tho year one case of plagile, in a ship from the rust, camo under observation ; it was detected at DarWin, and tho 5hti6iit Was sent on to Sydney! for treatment. Ohe case of smallpox, which recently elicited some comment, Was found on liui Steadier Kanownu, bound from Melbourne, Via Sydney to Cnirns. The enfatinued 6k- is'tcnee ot Smnlljjdx at Sydney is an itb- sOliite danger to the rest of Australia, Experience everywhere has shown thnt outbreaks in modern Civi lised communities resolve themfiftlv&s; merely intd a queStiofi of proper iegislatloh, jitopcHy enforced. The persistence ot . smallpox ' in Sydney points to the very obvious inference in respect to the local health administra tion. .Tim trouble cannot bo Saddled on tlie GoimnonwoaRIi ; it is caused hy the muddiing of tlie local health authorities in Sydney. Tlic prevalence of Cholera 'in tho Dutch East indies and the discovery of a case nt Rabaul last year obliged tlic quarantine officers in this State to carry out a systematic inspection of ves sels, especially in regard to drinking water tanks. A large amount df fumiga tion took plheo In oversea and domestic ships,, not only ut Brishabo, hut ut all the out ports. Mativ hundreds of thou sands of tons of shipping from Sydney wore examined, tills being obligatory, be cause of tlie smttllpdx infectioh raiilpant in. the southern port. A quarantine sta tion at Thursday IslahU was built in 1914, and the station fit. Lvtton, com menced in 1913, nnd capable of accom modating about 10 patients, hdW Is ap- nroaChing completion. It may be interest ing to mention that Dr. Cumpsloh (direc tor of quarantine) last year IssUed a valuable publication emhodvlng tho his tory ot sniallpok in Australia from 1788 to 1908., Tito compilation of this volume involved nn imiilcnsc amount of research; and no doubt, the lessons of experience it contalh.V will exercise a Salutary effect in the future. . miscellaneous. Among tho lintabio ovcnls recorded In 1914, was the inauguration of tho new mail contract hy Howard Smith, Lim ited. Tim R.M.S. Coomu lett on her first northward run in tlic now scrvkm utt-ith December. The Moiirilyan und Lass o' Gowrio also are engaged in flic care riago of mails in tho far north. Las I vcar, witnessed the return fo Ihe north ern trade of the A- U.S.N. Co.'s lino pas senger steamer Bingera. Tlie outbreak of the war caused a sudden fall 111 the 'interstate passenger traffic, but before the end of 1914, the traffic was back to nor mal, und the' best Instance ot the recov ery is proved by tho fact thut Ihe Meiiiuor Canberra left Brisbane for Mel bourne anil Sydney on 23rd December, witli u complement of GOO passengers. The fine cargo steamers of the Adelaide Company were engaged busily throughout tiie vcar, nnd among oilier commodities handled large Quantities of sugar. Tho conquest or Gcrmun New Guinea opened n now avenue ot Irade, nnd tho steamers of Burns, I'lillp; and, Co., several months ago commenced to cull nt Rnbaul. The reinnv.il nt large vessels for tho transport of troops anil horses caused temporary inconvenience, but this grailu- nllv is being obviated, i'rohnbly this year will he found to hnve been the most active in shipping circles ever recorded in . the annals ot tlie State. The declaration of war hy Great Britain was followed hy a seizure of hundreds of German owned, merchantmen in the various parts' of lite Empire. In Australia 31 vessels were de- tuineil, nnd or that number, three— tlic Prinz Rlirislmiml. Cnnstntt, and Signal— were held nl. Brisbane. Thou eh tlie fact hardlv is noticed now. it will he one of the marvels of historv thnt German Alie ning and German wnrshtns were swept off the sea in a few months, and 'he wide ramifications of British mercantile mnrinc maintained almost untmnntred. A schoolhnv rernntly wrote : "Much butter is imported from Denmark, because Danish cows have greater cnternrise nnd superior technical education to ours." 