SUMMARY At Albury tlio Murray River is otily 20 feet across with a depth of one foot. It is not iutomlod to extend tho Wheat Ac cpiisition Act beyond Septoinbor next. Tho showers that passed over Grafton on Monday night givo a rainfall of S5 points. Tho Benalla, which arrived from Loudon on Saturday, brought a number of immigrants. Mr. Burgess, M.L.A., denies that tho recent voting in tho Caucus was of a party character. Prescott's wheat store at Wagga was dc strpyod by (ire, together with 1000 tons chaff. Wntor hyacinth is being clearod from tho Haunter tributaries in tho vicinity of Mait- land. Mr. Griflith declares that tho Works De- partment is moro efficiently organised than it has over been. , Tho Now Zealand 'Government threatens to establish bakeries if thc price of broad is in- creased. A* movement out Bonalbo- way is afoot to convert C Riding of Kyogle Shire into a now Shire Tho amount of £00,350 was received by tho State lust week in connection with probate duties. Two men named Byan and Cann wero drowned by tho capsizing of a boat at Parua Bay, N.Z. - A Danish scientist considers it a pity that so few nativo trees aro to be soon iu tho vicinity of Sydney. The Methodist Conference iu Adelaide de- precated tho efforts to legaliso tho totalisator in ATctoria and Xow South, AVnles. Por a' -100-acro block in tho Morco district (MD applications were received, ropresonting £11400 in deposit' money. . Some liberal contributions to tho Bolgian Relict Fund were- handed in at the public meeting on Tuesday evening. Tho Premier lins cabled £40,000, tho eighth instalment of money contribution to tho Bol- gian Food Fund. During tho next couple of weeks 100,000 carcases of mutton will bo sent the Imporinl authorities by tho State Government. At tho Lismore Industrial Court on Monday, linos ranging from 10s to £2 and costs were imposed on employers for paying'below award rates. In Sydney, from a largo iron safo, £100 in cash and £90 in cheques wero stolon. An em ployoo who slept within JO feet of tho safe heard nothing of the explosion. Joseph Mopami, contractor, was assaulted in j Reservoir-street, Sydney, by two men, and robbed of a gold curb chain and gold inscrib- ed medal valued at £5. Tho largo hay shed of Messrs. .lames Bros., of Cosey Camp, Bexhill, filled with fully £500 worth of lucerne hay, was totally dev stroyod by Uro on Sunday night. A haul of whiting wns netted by Messrs. Paddon and Pingcrio at Evans River. Thoro wero in all upwards of 25 dozen tish, averag- ing lRbs. each, and the heaviest weighing 2j. At the Bulli Police Court, John Ralph was fined £5, in default one month, in Wollongong Gaol for wringing the neck of a turkey in the stables of the Royal Hotel, Woonona. A troopship from Suez has brought back to Wellington (N.Z.) 21 patients, mostly suffer- ers from lung trouble, and 12 prisoners, who will ho tried by court-martial. Mr. Fitzpatrick, treasurer of tho Farmers' and Settlers' Executive, is resigning owing to tho unwarrantable introduction of his name beforo tho Royal Commission. - At tho Grafton Police Court yesterday, be- fore Mr. T. T. Bawden, .T.P., James Bartlett, an old offender for drunkenness,- was lined 5s or 24 hours. On Sunday the Casino Municipal Council's inspector took snmplcs of the milk supplied by tho various Casino milk vendors. These are being sent to the Board ol' Health for analysis. Senator Pearce says there are no cases of malarial diseases among tho troops invalided from Egypt. Tho Minister added that when the mon recovered from their illness they would rejoin tho troops. Tenterfield Municipal Council lins accepted the offer of the Commonwealth Bank for a loan of £S000 at.4J per cent, for the pur- pose of installing electricity and erecting sale- yards. Patrick Broltaii was killed on tlie railway near Scarborough, Illawarra lino during Fri- day night, through being run over by a train. The body was found about "5 o'clock next i morning. Tho probable prohibition of tho export of fodder to Victoria nnd South Australia is causing concern in those States. The lucerne crop in Arictoria is practically exhausted, and thc supplies of ehalt aro running out. Tho ollico of tho Geelong Harbour Trust at Sparrow A'ale farm (Vic.) was broken into on Saturday. The thieves blow open tho safe with gelignite, and secured £100 in cash and £84 in cheques. A man named Tugg was found dead in his hut nt Repton, Ballingall Uiver. Investiga- tions showed that ho had boen dead for some weeks. A revolver, with un empty shell, was found ulonside him. At Paddington Jnmes Kenny was committed for trial on a charge of assaulting Robert Delaney and robbing him at Ben Buckler, near Bondi, on Friday lust. Delaney was sand-bagged and brutally kicked while on the ground. In. tho enso .Ins. Campbell against tho "Daily Telegraph," claiming £5000 damages for alleged libel, an ngreoinent was arrived at, a verdict being ontorcd for tho pluintilf for £500. This would include plaintiff's costs and tho sum of £2001) paid into Court. The tnkings at Glen Innes show last woolc amounted to £408 3 7s Od, as compared with £418 14s tho provious year, whilo .tho sido shows roturnod a rovenuo of £105, which is in excess of lust year. Tho membership roll numbered 75 moro than in 3 014. Tho Commonwealth Treasurer has approved of tho payment of nearly £00,000 to various Australian Urins for tho supply of rofrigorntcd und canned moats to tho Government of South Africa, tho largest contractors in New South Wjulos hoing tho Cumborland Pncklng Co., £7500, and Thiel and Co., £4000. Tho body of tho man 'found near South Head lins boon, identified ns that of Albert Joseph Coylo, 20, I whoso address WIIB Randwick. Coylo had a bullet wound in tho head, and a revolver was picked up'cloBO by. Ho hud boon sufforing from insomnia. Tho works of tho Public Works Department nt Ballina aro closed down, und tho staff lin» boon distributed ovor other works on tho coast. Tho last to leave was Hr. Scott, who has go no to take up a position on a coastal drodgo on tho bar-not the Richmond River bar. Matters in connection with the coal mining industry in the south have again become seri- ous. The closing down of the Balmain Col- liery, the failure to draw cavil at the Corrimal mino, and the arrest of South Clifton sur- face hands are the principal causes of dis- content. Apart from tho members of tho Expedition- ary Force on activo service and in tho trnln ing camps within tho Commonwealth, the total active und reservo forces availablo for homo defence uro 115,877 men. There are nlso 3¡¡8,370 endotB-Bonior and junior-who uro' not considered efficient as lighting nuits. Late on Sunday night tho King's Park mili- tary patrol guarding tho Perth water Bupply reservoir sighted mon carrying a bundle and trospiiBsing on tho guarded aroa. Tho mon refusod to answer tho challenge. Thoy wero fired upon, but escaped. Tho incident-unused a sensation, as tho park was crowded at tho time. At Prahran (Vic.) military polico took ob- jection ta a Billilli band of struct musicians wearing a uniform flint wns considerad to bo of ". military character, lt' was composud uf blue cloth and red braidings. Tho mem- bers of thc band wore taken to tho polico station, whore their names woro recorded, and thoy nro to bo brought ?boioro tho Provost Marshal. 