TO CORRESPONDENTS. 'Fireman,' Broken Hill.— The mud drum may not be continuous across the two sets* of tubes, in which case the water would not necessarily stand at the same level in both gauge glasses. If the mud drum is continuous the difference of level can only be accounted for by some obstruction, cither in the mud drum itself or in the steam or water connecting to the gauge glasses. Experiment, Parksidc.— A small sample of about I oz. of crude graphite may be obtained from the School of Mines by mak ing a request for it to the, registrar and mentioning this paper. . If a larger sample fs required you should apply to the Mines Department. They will give you the ad dresses of secretaries of companies upon whose leases graphite is found. 'Parent.'— The military authorities state: — 'It is true that no more recruits are to oe sent to the Mitcham camp at present. Tie officers' school which is oeld at Mitcham has been removed from the camp area and lias been segregated on grass land on tne other side of the road. The tents used by the officers' school have never been occupied by the men, and the principal medical officer is of opinion that tnere is no more danger in camping where the officers' school is located than there would be at any other spot around Ade laide. If the officers were crowded in tents in the Mitcham camp are there certainly would be danger, but they are not in the danger- zone, and only three are allowed to sleep in a tent. Your correspondent's eon aas been sent out oi the officers' camp in order to allay . the anxiety of his parents.' I 'Wants to Know.'— The Customs duty on electric batteries is 10 per cent, ad va!., general tariff, and free of duty if from United Kingdom. Hectric light fitting* must be specified before the rates of duty can be given. j 'Fall In.' — A correspondent has kindly forwarded us a copy of Harold Begbie'.-; poem, 'Fall In,' and you may obtain it on application at this office. 'Banknote.' Adelaide.— 1. No. 2. Par liament could do so, but it is scarcely likely to take action contrary to the will of the people. 3. Yes, provided the Federal gold reserve is sufficiently large to meet euch a | threatened crisis. - j 'M. Miller,' Oodlawirra. — Sandbags in- ? tended to be sent to the front should bo made of strong, close hessian, and should be .33J in. long and 14 in. wide when finished. | 'Anxious.' — Yes, provided he is other- 1 wise physically lit. | 'A. E. Horwood,' Sydney.— If the Syd ney doctors will not pass you, you stand but little chance of being accepted here. 'G. Smith,' Port Pirie.— The Port Ade laide robbery, in which Flynn and Law^ou were concerned, was perpetrated on Janu- j ary 23. 1902; the Towitta tragedy occurred on January 1, 1902; and the Gattan tragedy (Queensland) on December 26, 1898. '''Arcomarnna,' Meadows. — The fence_ is your property and you can claim nothing from the adjoining occupier if you shift it to the correct boundary line. 'Sugar,' Port Augusta. — 1. The price of BUgar as fixed for South Australia is 3d. , per lb., plus, in the case of country dis- j tricts, an amount equal to the cost of car riage from Port Adelaide to the centre where it is to be sold. 2. Yes; to a heavy , penalty. | 'Jabuk.'— Yes; if the rent Is not paid and he wishes to eject the tenant, bo may apply to the nearest Local Court for an order for the recovery of tenement. 'P. E. Williams,' 'Adelaide.— The reduc tion in the price of milk fixed by the Prices Regulation Commission came into operation on Monday, August 24. - 'Wayback.'— You stand no chance of bein? accepted for active service. 'Subscriber,' Clinton Centre.— Com- municate with F. J. Koehncke, Gawler place, Adelaide. 'G. Neale,' Halidon.— The secretary to the Railways Commissioner advises that in bona fide cases of farmers? horses sent by rail for agistment only, a special re bate will be allowed up to September 30 next. 'Pekina Correspondent.' — The military authorities, to whom we referred your query regret t.iat they are far too busy at tlie present time to rnmDile the figures asked for. 'Flowers,' Purnong. — 1. If th« man is serving with tbe Light Horpe. the let i ter should be addressed: — 3rd Light Horse Brigade. 2. Write as uiuc'i as you '; like. 3. An illustration:— No. 177, Pri vate J. K. Jones, 4th Reinforcements, ; Oth Light Horse Regiment, 3r-l Light | Horse Brigade, Australian Imperial Force, Kgypt. 'Wager,' Adelaide.— Use tne tcma 'Male, divorced,'1 or 'Female, divorced.'' 'Anxious,' Robe. — We cannot very well advi«e on personal matters, but if yon in tend to engaee in farming operations your capital would appear to be too ema'l. Storm.' — The storm you mention oc curred on the night of Saturday. May 15. 'B.V.-,' Wilmington. — 1. Tlie distance by rail from Adelaide to Port Augusta ifl 299 rail'is, and from Wilmington to Gladstone 5tJ miles. 2. 'Gal-lip-o-lee.' 'Collar,' ToiTen6ville. — 1. Celluloid is an artificial substance, composed chiefly of cellulose, and much used as a substitute for ivory, bone, coral, &c;, in the manu facture of knife handles, piano keys, &c.; 2\. You could not possibly manufacture it without tlie necessary plant. 'Tinty.'— The wattle flourishes in South Africa, and wattle bark grown and cured there by cheap colored labor and imported in large quantities 'into the Commonwealth has proved a serious menace to the local wattle bark industry. 'Narracoorte.'— It the clubs own pro perty returns should be furnished. 'Argument/' Freeling.— Couut 24. 'Constant Subscriber,' Glenroy.— 1. The standing army of Great Britain prior to the declaration of war against Germany was 275,000 men. 2. No statistics on this point are available. 'Poker,' Port Augusta.— The winning band ie tbe one that includes the ace. ? 'Gardener,' Solomontown. — The seeds men sell a preparation specially made for the purpose. 'Constant Reader,' Milang.— The local Harbors Board cannot supply the informa tion. Write to th* secretary. Marine Board, Hobart, and. if possible, give somi .. rough idea of the date. 'F.S.A.,' Mije-Knd.-l and 2. The military authorities at Keswick regret that they are at present too' busy to look up this information. 3. About 120,000 have enlisted, and between 70,000 and 80,000 have been dispatched, or are on the point of being dispatched, to the front. -1. Xo statistics are available. 'M.K/'— Ihe letter did not reach ui,' 'Mcdindie' asks how to curl a feather boa. Can any of our lady readers ob-liee? 'Katie.'—!. Mail matter intended tor the Australian troops at the front must still be addressed to. Egypt. It will be forwarded from there to the men in the trenches on Gallipoli. 2. No writing materials, apart from pencil* and 'on service' postcards, are issued by tnf department, but supplies may be sent by friends. 'A farmer,' Mannnm. The meat meal referred to is manufactured by the Go vernment Produce Department, Adelaide^ Rnd can be ordered' through your store* ? keeper, or direct from the department. 'A Volunteer,' Exhibition Oval.— Where & business nartnersliip has to b« gone into tbe obligation of filling in tit* return' . relating to wealth falls on ta« partner now in charge, and possessing al] the particulars. 'Enquirer.'— The action, of the can* yasfier was fully authorised. The lady, in sub-letting portion of the house, bat come under the 'joint occupancy' clause of the Act, and can no longer claim a - vote for the Legislative Council. , 'Enquirer,' Robe;— The right of a councillor who occupies a Crown leaM owned by his daughter, to represent hia daughter, and give evidence before a council Court of Appeal' turns on the question of whose name appears in the assessment-book. If the councillor's name figures^there he has no legal right (being an interested party and also a council lor) to appeal; but the position is a little less clear in a ca»e where the daughter's name Appears. To be on tlie safe side it would be better for the owner of the lease (the daughter) to get someone else (not a councillor) to represent her. 'Mathematician.'— 1. The usual method of payment when men are on piecework is by' the square yard, the thickness, of the willing being also taken into ac count. 2. The glass sheath within which the fluid is put prior to stoppering forms a vacuum, and does not conduct heat. 3. We cannot say; the actual date is fixed from year to year. 'T. F. II. Walker'7 Blyth .-Evidence in tbc else mentioned was taken before the Arbitration Court «»ome time ago, but we have no record of the date on which it was published. 'Kayo,' Morchard. — Your letter gives insufficient particulars Write to the Master of the Supreme Court, Adelaide, and sunj)jy full details of the case. 'Conscription,' Waikerie.— Particular! are not available. 'Argument,' Port Lincoln. — The ento mologist at the South Australian Mu- eeum, to whom we referred your let ter, reports that Langstroth gives the life of the wonting bee, after becoming winged, as an average of 35 days; but that fome individuate live for consider ably longer, but none for a year. Tbe queen-bee, however, may live for several years. Tho time that elapses between the hatching of the egg and the emer gence of the winged bee averages 21 days. '?H.F.G.,' Tanunda.— Iwo cheap Illus trated works have been published on Australian butterflies and their collect ing and arrangement, nimely: — 1. 'Aus- tralian Batterflies/' by A. B. Olliff, ob tainable from the Xew South Wales Naturalists' Club, Sydney. 2. Victorian , Butterflies,' by Anderson and Spry, nub lisiicd by H. Hearne and CO;, Little LonscWe-street, Melbourne. : 'Cape Weed,' Leasingham.— Both, would make excellent ensilage mixed with other succulent green stuff, provided the plants were not too old. 'G. H. Watson,' Mile-End.— If your neighbor's fence encroaches on your pro peitv you flhoukl ask him to remove it. Failing tbis you could shift it at bis expense. 'Emu,' via Broken Hill.— T-he secre tary, Surveyor-General's Department, Adelaide, advises:— 'Pastoral run plans Xos. £ and 11. on an eight-mile scale, can be obtained from tbis office at 2/ per copy. A plan showing the stock routes through pastoral country would aisc be useful, price 2/(5. Postage would be required in addition to the above fees. 'Worried,' Hoinka.— The Government veterinary lecturer (Mr. F. E. Place), to whom we referred your letter, diag noses tho complaint as tetanus or lock- ? jaw. He adds-— 'As some days huvt elapsed the horse may have settled the question of treatment himself. If not Jet him have about 8 oz. of EpBom salt* in mashes and so forth every d*y at, sav. 2 o7. at- a time.' . ''Argument 6.»ke,' East Moonta.— In the case of privates killed while on active service tho pension payable to the de pendants is £52 per annum. \ 'Fair Game,' Mannum.— Write afld state the position fully to the D.A.A.G., Military Headquarters, Keswick.* 'W.rM.,' Mitchell ville.— 1. Themone/ could not now be forwarded. 2. If the benefviiarie.* are still alive at the con clusion of the war no objection 18 likely to be raised here to the legacies being paid over. ? ?Fish Tin,' Arno Bav.— All men who wish to go to the front must enrol for goneral service, and take the chance of being drafted into the arm they pre fer. Generally speaking, an endeavor is made to enrol them according to their wishes. 2 and 3. Yea. 'Ticket Iioider.'— The winning num. bera were duly published in 'The Ad vertiser,' and tbe list is reproduced oa page 45 of 'The Chronicle,' of Septem ber 6. 'Enquirer,' Cleve.— The emigrant ship Golden Grove arrived at Port Adelaide on March 30, 1876. Her immigration re cords are available, and can be inspected at the offices of the Deputy Commissioner of Pensions, Brookman s Building, Gren fell-street, Adelaide. 'Constant Reader.'— 1. He would be ? a German subject of Danish and French extraction. 2. At the date you mention Ham burs was a member of the North German Confederation, and one of the four free cities. 'Watcbannie' asks:— 'Can any of your readers oblige me with a good recipe for potting butter?' 'Constant Reader.' — You would ren der yourself liable to prosecution on a charge of abduction. ?'I.K.L.'— To make aide grease from anlnuri fat, first boil It down and ? train; then boil »galtt, ?doing about one quart of sweet oil to every gallon of tat; thoroughly mix, and put in tub a email quantity of parafln oil. When ihlf ,,;??; is cold you wiu h*ve a Snt-claai utt-MoU«| ,? axle greas* - ' fi 