I the tubmoii of natiohs. Copenhagen, 'Sunday. The American Ambassador in Berlin has informally announced an jmpond ing official protest against; the German declaration regarding neutral ships. The Danish, Swedish, and Norwe gian Governments are also making representations, on the subject. GERMANY'S ASSURANCE. Washington, Sunday. Germany has informed, .the United states that she does not intend to seize or molest American vessels laden with foodstuffs for the civilian popula tion of enemy countries. Germany hopes Britain will not make the reconsideration of this de cision necessary by seizing the - steam er Wilhelmina, which is about ,to. leave New York with foodstuffs for Ger many. ' BRITAIN, FRANCE, AND RUSSIA." Paris, Sunday. Great Britain, France, and Russia are arranging to take over equal por tions of advances made or being made to countries now fighting with them, or disposed shortly to join the com mon cause. llie British, French, and Russian Ministers of Fipance hBve adopted measures to facilitate. Russian exports. RUSSIAN; GAINS. Petrograd, Sunday. The latest communique sayst "The Russians have, seized an important point on the left bank of; the Bzura. We captured the first and second lines of trenches and six machine guns near Borjimoff. We prisonered . 2000 at Wuoszkoff Pass." : KAISER AT EASTERN FRONT. ; Berlin, Sunday. It is officially stated that the Kaiser has gone to the eastern fighting line, via Czemstchowa. The Kaiser . telegraphed his con gratulations to the Germans, on their storming the heights, oif Craonne, KAISER'S ORDER. London, Sunday. It is rumored that the Kaiser, after his visit to the Western front, ordered tlie commanders to: abstain from sacri ficing too many men. He added that the operations were of secondary im portance. . As the result: of this order the Germans are beginning to believe that the German'troops in; the West are numerically inferior to those of the Allied forces. , "FORCED ON HER." The King of Bavaria, in an. inter view, declared that the war was forc ed upon Germany, L He would go through with it until she. secured in contestable victory:. and peace condi ■ tions worthy of a. .nation and commen surate with its sacrifices. The- heart and soul of the countiy .were in the fight. Germany would fight to the last drop of blood. THE REBEL. De Wet is .shortly to-be tried for treason, r:,.. DARING AIR FEAT., A British aeroplane flew over Zee hrugge, defying - a concentrated fire. It suddenly dived ' and. dropped a bomb on a German submarine, which, after a terrific explosion, sank. WORKING TOGETHER. The joint finance' proposals of . the Allies are regarded as , a colorary to and as jnst as important as their de claration not to conclude peace separ ately.- During-, the war-it implies the mobilisation of the gold of - the three richest centres of Europe. An official statement declares . that Britain, France, and Russia, are re solved to unite ..their .financial and military resources in order i®. prose cute the war to final victory. . - AliLDSS PROGRESS, . The Allies! progress , north, towards Ostend, continues, " OPERATIONS IN SOUTH . AFRICA: The Germans, attacked a town, in the. Orange River . Colony, .and " were.. re pulsed, losing nine!, killed and - 22 wounded.- V ' " MORE IMMIGRANTS. : ' The first contingent of 120 girt sailed for Australia- to. take up domes tic work under the Queen's Work Wo men's Fund. ■ ' - TURKS DESPONDENT. The Turks are .very, "despondent over the failure of their; Attack -oil the Suez Canal. > Some of the deserters say that when they saw German-arid Turkish officers shooting, ithey .ran - away, -and- they thought it safer to make for -the Brit ish lines, , , 5 No buil&ingSan;'.dimniUa were bit. None of the enemy's'shells evencame into the town. The Alexandrja/ ivPrizc yCourt -has condemned six German, steamers. :■ - SCARBOROUGH RAID. The "Times" military coD-^pondent says that sinrejffie Great Britain has" recruited an- army corps in a week.*'' v Since the beginning of- the. war be tween 156,OOO and' 200,OOp British coal; miners have ,eulisted, beiiig 20. per' cent, of the whole body.- : - • paniostmcken • Germans: ■ Further. detaiW of' the engagement at BolimqS ahow Hhat demso.maiss^ of the pidyerised hy the Russian artiuery^ '. • The hostile -cojfiinns;: beiime panic stricken atid surgedibackwards, but the machine guns.;in .(the .rear drove them forward. - Then the Russians; without filing, charged with bayonets, and not a single German who entered the Russian trenches survived. ■ RESULT OF THE WAR. Earl Grey expressed a hope that Che result of the war would be the creation of a new world of small nationalities who would feel secure in the know ledge that the might of the whole civ ilised world would protect them fropi insults, aggression, and pillage. RUSSIA'S GIGANTIC EFFORTS. Petrograd, Monday. A communique states: "There were successful night attacks at Uypin. Our artillery routed a column marching to wards Bolimoff, and guns' were cap .tured. Fighting occured on the whole front of the- Carpathians, and we shattered the encmy'6 resistance at three ^fortified positions at Mezola borcz, and pursued the enemy several versts, capturng 172 officers', upwards of 10,000 men; 18 guns, and 22 ma chine guns. - The enemy's attacks at the Tnkholka and Beskio passes were repulsed with heavy losses. The enemy retreated in disorder." GERMANY ASTOUNDED. Copenhagen, Monday. German newspapers are astounded at neutrals condemning the blockade. A telegram from" Berlin Bays the Gov ernment will disregard friendly or un friendly protests, adding "the treat ment of neutrals' vessels in future de pends on the attitude of. the respec tive Governments." FOOD IMPORTATIONS. The German Government declares its readiness to entrust the management of food importations to American or ganisations. , AMERICAN COMMERCE. _ The "Sun" declares that while it is of the greatest importance that America should hold aloof from war, it will be her duty to notify Germany that any attempt to interfere with American commerce in any zone will be resented with all her resources. TITANIC CONFLICT. The "Messagei-oV Petrograd scribe says that the conflict on the Vistula and Rawka was of a titanic character. Soldiers fell, in thousands, the bodies being piled three feet high. The res cue of the wounded was difficult, and many were buried under their com rades' corpses. FRANCO-BELGIAN ADVANCE. The Franco-Belgians forced a pas sage between the West of the Great Dune and the sea, sending a damaging fire from new positions against the enemy's extreme right before West ende. "WOUNDED FRENCH MASSACRED. . A German non-commissioned pris oner avows that he .witnessed the mas sacre of 20 wounded Frenchmen by German troops. •USE OF NEUTRAL FLAGS. The Foreign Office has issued a statement declaring that with certain limitations the use of a neutral flag as a ruse de quere was a well established practice. Britain had always considered the use of .British colors by a foreign ves sel legitimate for the purpose of es caping capture, though a vessel other wise using them ; would be liable to forfeiture. - It was also obligatory upon a belligerent to ascertain the character, of a merchant vessel, and cargo before capture. Germany had no right to disregard such an obligation, therefore the in tention to destroy a ship with a non combatant crew -would he pure piracy. PRACTICAL". ADMISSION OF BLUNDER. London, Sunday. A' Romc paper says that the German declaration of a Submarine war shows little consideration for the' rights of neutrals, who will demand that Ger many's military operations shall be conducted - in such -a way that, they will hob touch .the right of living by neu trals. The "Times" says Germany's prom ise ;not to molest ' or seize American vessels laden with food - is an admis sion that a blunder lias been made. , The' .naval Correspondent of the "Times"'writes: "Germany has not yet felt 'the effect of a real blockade. The time lias surely come when * she should- he taught ' what it means. If it were decided ■ to blockade Germany effectively, we should be assisting neu tral countries as well as ourselves and our Allies. There is no question but :«iiat it could be done by making, fuller use of our naval power." " ;:;v.: ADVA3f0E ON EGYPT. The advance of- the Turks on Egypt ■was well -planned by German officers, who, however, made the mistake of filling .the soldiery, with false notions about the British powers of .resistance. ■Turkish regimental chaplains " were instrncted to warn the soldiers that While victory or paradise awaited them in Egypt death and hell would claim those, who retreated. Lying articles accusing the British of atrocities were also distributed among the'Turks.-„ ; .'". .. Particulars', of the Turkish defeat in Esn>t;show that the Turks surrounded their commandant, who was carried off this .fieiji wounded. Theseeondincommand was also .tar' 