THE MORROW OF THE RUSSIAN JEW. Ity l/OUin \jiv\t\h, Ph.D. (.Tewlifh Immigration Bulletin.) 'lhd Jew of Russia am justly say, in the wortlft Of Hhylock, that sufferance in his bftdge, There is hnr'Hy a source of .fcv/ish anguish from v,hj<:h he has not. boon mode to (Irtnk. He he-tt bees deprived of legal /'Ighf.H, hsrnpered is making it living, driven into n. ghetto, robbed of educational op portunities, outraged m bin religious feel ings, subjected to pogroms arid murderous imiiiiiltfi. He bus been made t.o bear in a generation all Mm forma of physical and spiritual torture which v/ere devised for hie ra.ee in (.lie course of twenty centuries. '/'hero baa been no relief for Mm Russian .Tow In recent yea.ru, 'f'fie c.ount.er revolu tion In Russia. wan carried t.o f.he top—the iUnc.lt Hundred, the firofenaional antl-Ho mlto, end the fffiauvinist bureaucrat whoso political programme is baaed ori the idea Of oppressing the .lew. Asserting their in fluence In legal arid Illegal wa.ya, these re actionary elements have driven the 'Russian Government Into a, systematic antl-.fewish policy that has no parallel even In the an nals of Russia. It Is sufficient l.o mention the flcllls earie to suggest the ghastly char acter of this policy. lint both before the Roll Is case and since, there ha. ve been abun dant, illustrations of this policy, which, though less dramatic, touched the every day life of the Russian .lew In no less a sensitive manner. Much has been the severo enforcement of regulations concerning tho Rale ; the further extension of the area of exclusion ; the Introduction of a system Of registration for .Jewish merchants, ro strlctlng their opportunities of travel bo yond f.he I'ale ; the order to confiscate tho 'merchandise of .lews Illegally carrying on trade outnldo the Rale ; the prohibition to register as barristers,; the abolition of t,lio military exemption of the first order ; tho limitation of the electoral rights of .Jewish merchants living oiits'do tho Rale ; the In troduction of a harsher system of admis sion to schools, colleges, and Universities /; the further limitation of the right, to par ticipate In stock enterprises, and many more too numerous to ho mentioned. The worst, feature of this repressive policy Is tho fundamental Idea by which it. Is animated. Through I ho various laws and administrative orders there runs like a rod thread the systematic effort, to dislocate tho "Tow and to destroy his economic foun dation, Tho Russian Government. has ouphomTstlenlly called this the "nationali sation" of the economic life of the country). The Irony of It ley In the fact, that, tho most representative spokesmen of Russian Industry, commerce and labour have time and again denounced the policy of tho Government as ruinous t.o the welfare and growth of Russia. Rut, tho Russian Gov ernment has Insisted upon its ways to Sratify the Rlno.k Hundred and to drive the ow to the wall. The Russian Government could not, of course, succeed In lis main purpose. Tho Jew luis in the course of conturlos become an Integral part of the economic life of Russia. The functions he ixu-forms are es sential to the welfare of the rest, of the population. Ills activities may bo 111 adapted here and there, or disorganised In some parts ; but he cannot be removed from: the economic1 organism without, dan ger t.o the life of the whole. This Is re cognised by those sections of tho popula tion which' plnv a leading pnrt In the In dustrial life of the country. Tt. Is' also proved by the fact that all exclusive laws cannot piwenl the expansion of economic activities by tho .Tew. The policy of the Russian Government, however, has aggravated all these evils the source of which lifts in the existence of the pale. It has encourage! further congestion in the Pale as a whole and in the cities l'n particular; it has prevented the utili sation of larger energies in new occupa tions are) enterprises ; it has further stimu lator! the rlisproportionate industrial com position of the Jewish population ; it has preserved the conditions in which petty trarfe breeds out of all proportion to the . means of subsistence ; and in these ways ft has helped to accentuate the poverty and misery which make life in the Pale so disconsolate. The legal disabilities and anti - Semitic policy have further hampered the normal development of those processes which char acterise the economic life of the Jews in Russia f.o-day. There can be no doubt that the Russian .Jews are passing through a period of fundamental industrial changes. AH observers of Jewish life in Russia are practically agreed on this, as well as on the main features of these changes. To describe their nature and effects would require a volume, but, in a general way they may be summarised as the breaking 'down of some of the old: handicrafts and the reorganisation of others ; the growth of the factory system ; the development of large commercial 'enterprises; the growth of co-operation in the villages and cities ; and the industrial coming- of-age of the other elements of the Russian population. Out of this transition grave problems have arisen for the various elements of the Jew ish population. It Is well known what an im portant part handicraft has occupied for decades in the economy of the Russian Jews. According to the Im perial Census of 1897 (the only one made), there were In the Palo 518,075 Jews en gagod In industries out of a total of 1,050,839. In other words, the .Tews formed 31.4 per ccpt. of those engaged in Industry and only 11.5 per cent, of the population of the Pale. The great majority (about, 75 per cent.) of them were handi craftsmen. The investigations of the J.O.A., published in 1904 (partial of char acter) showed 13.2' per cent, of handi craftsmen in the Jewish population. In the cities the percentage of Jewish craftsmen were* considerably higher. The economic position of this large group of the Jewish population in Russia has m recent years been threatened by the intro duction of machinery and the development of factories. This has been notoriously so in the textile industries and in the boot and shoo industry (to mention but two). (To be continued.) A London report says that, still smart ing under tho severe criticism he was sub jected to In tho United States during his recent tour in that, country, for practical ly abandoning his Jewish faith, Georg Brandos, the celebrated Danish critic, has turned over a new leaf, and seems to have returned'to Judaism. Drandes has in augurated a hot campaign against tho anil-Semites of Russian Poland, who are accusing Jews of disloyalty to Russia. It is the llrst, time ho took up his powerful pen and raised his mighty voice in defence of tho Jews and against their enemies. During the dark days of Russian massa cres and Polish boycotts the great critic was silent. TTo seems to have taken to heart, the criticism of the Jews of the United States, and Brandos has " come hack" to the faith of his fathers.—"Am erican Israelite." "Tt's a Long Way to Tipperary." Yet Germans have reached there. Says "Rey nolds Newspaper" "Pivo hundred Ger man prisoners, some of whom have learn ed to sing "Tt's a Long Way to Tipper ary,' have been landed at. Dublin, and es corted to Templemore, Coifnty Tipperary, Trolnnd." 