NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. Annual Meeting. Tile National Council of Women held the first .session of their annual meeting at Willard House, yesterday aiternoon. There was a large attendance. Airs. Kingsbury presided. In her .opening remarks, Mrs. Kingsburv Said that it was two years since she bad presided at an annual meeting of the council. Mhc referred briefly to bcr visit to Rome, when the quinquennial congress was held there last year. Since the last nuuual meeting she said, Australia had been baptised as a nation in the blood, of her most glorious sdns. Women had done their part in the work of the na tion in that twelve months, and only needed to - be shown what more could be done to at . once do it. The National Council had had a busy year, as the an nual report would show. Jirs. js.ingshury made an appreciative re ference to the work of Mrs, Mason jUeatty who had resigned the position of secre tary, in constkjuence pi other duties under taken since the war began. Mrs. Pagan also had resigned, in consequence of leav ing Brisbane, and Mrs. Kingsbury also voiced the regrets of the committee at losing Mrs. Pagan's help. Mrs. Williams saiif a few;word of appre ciation of Mrs. Kingsbury's address, and) the good work she had done lor the National Council. The report oi .the foreign and interstate secretary was presented, This was brief, since the war has interfered with . the work. Tlie secretary of the International Council lives in Germany, und correspon dence with lier thus has been impossible. Members ot the Interstate Coun cils have; been so- engrossed in the work of the Red Cross that they have not been able to give much time to the work of the N.CAV. .When international work again is .pos sible, it- is hoped to encourage the study of tlie national, social, economic, and ethical problems raised by the war. The next quinquennial meeting will take place in ChriStiania in 1919. Congratulations were sent to the Danish Council on the franchise, on an equality with men, be ing granted to the women of that coun try. The tenth annual report showed that this has been an exceedingly busy year. The question of bush nursing, which was brought up at the last aunual meeting by Mrs- Young, had, been considered by a small subcommittee, of which kits. \V. S. Anderson was convener. Eventually a committee, . calling the " "Bush Nuijsing Committee" was . formed, with, power to make ail arrangements. No centre yet has been , established, but the secretary, Sirs. F. Little, lias accumulated much in formation on the subject.. .Reference also was made to the Imperial Service Cliib. and eulogistic references were hiade to the work of the committee. The club has been in existence scarcely three months, and already 2,590 members Ifavo been on the hooks. The Women's Mutual Service Club, for the wives and relatives of soldiers and sailors at the front, also was mentioned. InXIiily, a meeting was held at the Albert Hall, when Professor Gibson and Rev. Scott Fletcher addressed the members. Seventy-six ladies - en rolled after tlie meeting, and the executive was empowered to draw up a scheme whereby a fully classified list of women workers would he available, should the Government decide to employ women to relieve men for war service. The council now consists of 39 affiliated societies. Two societies have affiiliated, namely, the Red Cross Society and' the Children's Playground Association. The financial report showed a balance in the Government Savings Bank ot £58 8s. Gd., and £l cash in hand. -The following officers" were elected : 'Pre sident, Mrs. J. J. ''ingsbury ; vice-pre sidents, Mesdames Williams, W. Smythe, W. S. Anderson, O. E. Rowe. and .E. B. Harris ; lion, treasurer, Mrs. Exley ; foreign and interstate secretary; Mrs.'.W. H. Carvosso ; State secretary, Miss Bage; assistant secretary, Mrs. . Ray Stanley. The following conveners of standing! cons- inittees were appointed : Finance, .Mrs. . Exlej-;;-' Press, Mrs. William "Young ; peace .and arbitration, Mrs. G. E. Rowe,;' law's concerning women, Mrs. J. Williams.';' suf frage, Miss M. A. Ogg ; equal moral standard, Dr. Helen Shaw ; public health, Mrs. W'. II. Carvosso ;, education, Mrs. J. S. Kerr ; emigration and immigration, Mrs. Brigadier Harris. The following were elected to the executive : Mesdames - Stanley, Moss, Boyd, -M. Beatty, ' Cole, Go'ggs, , - Foxton, Hope Morgan, Miss Griffith, and Sister Lily. 