General Items '■ «-— It appears that, owing to certain, differ ences which have 'arisen (between, the 'Minister for Home Affairs <Mr. Hugh iMahon) and iMr. Alfred Deakin, <the lat ter will not proceed to the Panama Ex hibition to represent Australia. It is «tatecL that Mr. Deakin, who was 'appoin ted by the Cook Government, declined to resign, and that the Eisher Govern ment has refused to place any funds at his disposal. The Very Rev. Dean Robinfon, late of Western Australia, after a vacation in America, arrived in Ireland la6t month, and during a brief stay in Cork paid a visit to the Lore to Convent at Fer moy. He left in the afternoon to join Ft. P. Brennan, and btyfch priests will immediately begin their novitiate in the Redemptorist Order. Fr. Brennan is in excellent health, and the Dean enjoy ed his holiday in America immensely. The cables announce the death of Gen. Sir Thomas Kelly-ICenny, G.C.V.O., the distinguished Irish-Catholic soldier. The eon of 'Matthew Kelly, of Treanmannagh, Countv Clare, he was born in 1840, and added the surname Kenny in 1874. He was educated at Carlow Lay College, and entered 2nd Foot in 1858. l£le served in the China War of 1860, and Abyssinia War of 1867-8, and was successively A.A.G. in Northern District, in N.E. District, at Headquarter? and at Alder shot. The Federal Labor Party has had an other serious loss through 'the death of Mt. S. F. G. Jolley, who won. the Gram pTans seat from Air. Hans Irvine at the recent general election. !M!r. Jolley was a native of Maryborough (Vic.). As a State scholar he won a scholarship which entitled .him to enter Xavler College at Kew, wEich is conducted by the Jesuits, and he won several exhibitions which entitled him to go through the University where he had a brilliant course. After qualifying as a barrister he returned to Maryborough, and; ipractised his ptofes. si'on until last year. An imposing funeral has, it is cabled, been accorded Bruno Garibaldi, grand son of the .Italian insurgent leader, who was killed whilst leading his men ag ainst German tTenches in tne ATgonne district of Northern France. Twice wounded, he dropped^ exclaiming, "Go ahead, boys! Viva Italy!" Lieut. Txambetta, of the Foreign .Legion, who died alongside IJruno Garibaldi, was bur ied at the same time. Gen. Gourand represented thj» French Government at the side of the grave. The Rev. Fx. J. Mimnagh, in order to show his appreciation of the citizens in electing him to the unique position (for a priest) of Mayor of Bundaberg (Q.), has promised 25 gold medals, of the value of £50, to the various schools in Bundaberg, to be distributed by the headmasters as they think best. This year Fr. Mimnagh defeated two ex-may ors, Aldermen W. 'Dunn and Redmond, at the polls, and was afterwards elected Mayor, an experience unparalleled in municipal history in Queensland. Fr. •Mimnagh has refused a mayoral allow ance, and dispensed with the practice of entertaining councillors in the Mayor's parlor after council meetings. Lord Winburne has been appointed to the position of Viceroy of Ireland, which the Marquis of Aberdeen recently noti fied his intention, of resigning. Lord Wimboxne is a first cousin of Mr. Wing ton Churchill, and is 41 years of age. As the Hon. Ivor Churchill Guest he was well known as a cricketer. He is a Privy Councillor, and has been lord in-waiting to the King. On Christmas Day, after the 11' o'clock Mass, in St. Patrick's Church, the choir conductor (Mi. E. Payne) was presented with a silver-mounted baton .frim the members of the choir. Mt. Denny, M.P. made the presentation and the Rev. Fr. .Morrison voiced the good washes of the choristers for (Mr. Payne's future suc cess. The recipient, who has only been conductor of St. Patrick's for the past 12 months, and is well esteemed by the choir, thanked the donors for the gift, which he much appreciated. The Minister of External Affairs (Hon. Hugh Mahon). states that he sees no Teason why financial assistance should he given to the Asiatic pearl divers at Broome, "W.A., who axe said to he in distress through the wax affecting the trade. He regards them as a pest to Australia. In view of the abnormal price of wheat, the Government of India has decided to restrict exports of wheat (including flour) to 100,000 tons, from December 1, 1914, to March 31, 1015, and to confine exports -to (British possessions wherein strong demands continue. The Abbe Beyant, an aged priest of Bruges, (Belgium, who had retired from his spiritual office, has, it is cabled, been sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Germany for (writing to a London . newspaper. It is announced in out advertising col umns that the annual retreat foT ladies will begin at Oabra Convent on Saturday, March 27. It is reported in Rome that-a number of Albanian Catholics have invaded Mon tenegro and attacked' the 'Montenegrin outposts. The Albanians were well ar med, but it stated that they weT© anni hilated. A resident of Kentucky, Mr. ;E. Cant Tell, who for 17 years lived in Belgium,^ states that on visiting Liege immediately after its occupation, he noticed German military posters, each headed in German "City of Liege," with the printed date, 1906, cancelled with a blue pencil mark, and 1914 substituted, thus proving the Kaiser's 'long premeditated intention to invade Belgium. A Danish estimate based on the Ger man official casualty lists, places the total losses of the enemy at 3,000,000— 2,000,000 Germans and l,OO0,<SDO Austrians. The trial flights of the biplane liver pool, which was recently given to the Australian Government by a Liverpool merchant, exceeded the most sanguine expectations of her designers. .She eas ily -proved herself the finest type of aeroplane ever tested. The ancient and sacred palace of Sup reme Lama at Urga, in Mongolia, has been burned down. The whole of its unique treasures have been -lost. Urga is situated on the plains of Gobi, in Northern .'Mongolia, and is the sacred city of the (Mongols. In tfie annual .report, presented by the Prefect of Studies at the Dstribution of St. Ignatius' College prizes, Riverview, Sydney, mention was made of the fact that so far close on 10 of the old boys •had gone on active service, and among them were many who had sacrificed posi tions or careers of great promise. We have received from the Minister of External Affairs <Hon. Hugh Mahon) a New Year card of greeting, containing views of Papua and 'Norfolk Island. Advices from the United States have induced the Young Australian League to proceed with the American tour of the Western Australian boys, which was dropped when the war broke out. The preliminary expenditure on the tour has amounted "to £1,800. A very serious position threatens the N.Z. meat freezing industry owing to the great shortage of refrigerated space avail able in the home steamers. A loss of many thousands of pounds seems (pro bable. The Kaiser, in a New Year message to his army and navy, says:—"Always fresh hordes are rolling up against us, but tlie number does not frighten us. Next to God's guidance. I trust the mat chless bravery of my army and navy." Elnglish officers who have returned .from the front pay tributes to the superb fighting qualities of the French troops. Everywhere they are displaying wonder ful dash, also marked cheerfulness ana fortitude when on the defensive. Their artillery practice along the whole line is superior to that of (the Germans. The Immigration Bill, prohibiting the entrance of all aliens over 16 yeais of age unable to read and write English or any other language, including Yiddish, has been adopted by the United States Senate by 50 votes to 7. President Wil son has announced bis intention to veto the measure as Mr. Taft did. Belgian subjects are exempted from the opera tion of the clause as an act of grace. Heavy rains which have fallen daily throughout the year-end and new year periods have caused considerable discom forts on Salisbury (Plains and at other military training camps in England. The Bishop of Zanzibar has telegraph ed that theTe has been no news of 11 British missionaries in German East Af rica since, the. outbreak of the waT. It is unoffically reported that all the mis sionaries are safe, although .nothing has been .permitted to be privately communi cated by them. Dr. Maenamara, Parliamentary Secre tary to the Admiralty, in. a speech at the Browning Settlement In London on Sunday, said: — "If the thousands of young men who have not yet answered their country's call think they are going to enjoy freedom and immunity at the expense of the other fellow, I may tell them they will not enjoy it for long." Mr. A. J. Hampson, M.'L.A., for Bendi go, has been selected from 14 candidates to contest the Bendigo seat in the House of Kepresentatives in the Labor inter est. The Liberal candidate has not (been chosen yet. The Berlin. Chamber of Commerce, in a new yeaT message to the Kaiser, stat ed that it trusted that all the wounds inflicted on the economic life of the Ger man Empire would be healed and com pensated for in the future. The British Ambassador at Washing ton <Sir Cecil Spring-Rice) has, it is cab ■ led conferred with the United States De partment, to which he announced the receipt of a dispatch from Mexico City, in. which the conditions existing there were described as deplorable. The docu ment stated that the lives o.f British and American subjects had been saved only through the timely intervention of the ex-Governor (Senor Iturbide), when Zapa ta and his followers entered .the city. A tremendous advance in the price of wheat is reported from Liverpool. TEe highest quotations for 40 years have been recorded. The rapid increase in prices is due partly to a,-rise in freights, which, has eliminated the competition of car goes from the Argentine, and partly to a great decrease in the visible supply in Europe. A German officer has stated that after the battle on the Chilian coast, in which the cruisers Good Hope and Monmouth were sunk, the Germans were ordered to let the British sailors drown. Miss MaTy Hakendorff lias been suc cessful in gaining a diploma for Asso ciate in Music at the London College of Music examinations held in Adelaide on December 22. Miss Hakendorff is en titled to the letters A.'L.C.M. after her name. This lady has composed several charming pieces fox the pianoforte which ..re well known. A cable message states that Mr. Wil liam .Redmond, M.P., in an article in the London "Daily Chronicle," says that by every consideration of honor and sen timent Ireland is heart and eoul with the Allies against the Germans. There are not many people in Ireland, he adds, who have no friends in Australia, New Zealand or Canada. And for those friends, who for 30 years have helped Ireland to* win her reforms, the Irish people"can never be indifferent or neu tral when they see their free lands men aced and endangered. Mr. John O'Connor, one of the oldest subscribers to "The Southern Cross," died at fhe residence of his brotlier-ia law, Mr. Thos. Barty, Maitland, on Dec ember 20, at the ripe old age of 82. He had been a supporter of "The Southern Cross" from the time it was the Catholic Monthly, and bften said he would rather go without his meals than without the "Cross." K7I.P. While the new taxation measures were under discussion in committee in the House of Eepresentatives, some of the clauses weTe recast at the instance of Mr. Glynn, so as to make clear the ex emptions of Catholic institutions and schools. The London "Daily Telegraph's" Washington correspondent states that the United States Ambassador in London has informed President Wilson that Great Britain's reply to the-Washington Note re contraband of war will be satisfac tory. Some concession .will ibe made as asked, while > others will be refused. A number of German and other dele gations appeared before the United States House of Representatives' Foreign. Relations Committee to urge the prohi bition of Gie export of war supplies to Europe, on the ground that Germany's enemies alone ' were benefiting owing to the power of the British 'fleet. The Berne correspondent of the "Morn ing Post" states that the death sentence on the Earl of Lonsdale is not to be carried out. It was passed by the Ger man Court-martial with the object of terrifying the English prisoners in the hands of Germany, who have often prov ed very refractory. The Jewish Emancipation Committee in New York is initiating plans with a view to having representatives at the peace negotiation between the European belligerents when these are instituted. The committee will demand world-wide 1 political emancipation. The new Bishop of Cook town <Right Rev. Dr. J. A. Heavey, O.S.A.) was the guest of Archbishop CaTr, of Melbourne, on December 29. He visited his Grace the Coadjutor-Archbishop and left for Northern Queensland on December 30. An enthusiatic reception awaits Dr. Heavey at St. Monica's, Cairns, the epis copal centre of the vicariate. An American correspondent states that German aviators are anxiously awaiting the 'Kaiser's orders to make ' a raid on. ■London. . Tliey are said to. have mam moth bombs ready to drop oh that city. Great Britain has protested, to the Uni ted States in reference to the" deplorable state of Mexico and interference with British subjects. • Cyclone in the Murchison district, W.A. , Many buildings blown down and damaged. bir ..Edward Carson, K.C., speakings at Bangor on the Sth inst., said that the ilrish Home Rule question will cohie up again directly the waT is over. T. Adrian defeated Duke Kahanamoku, the Hawaain swimmer in the N.S.W. 440 yards championship on Wednesday. The United States Government is ap parently prepared to accept the British proposal that American cargoes for neu tral ports should be examined. iand. cer tified as free from contraband .before they leave America. An attache of the German Embassy in Washington is said to i>e implicated in the plot to repatriate German reservist's by means of fraudulent passports. Germans who surrendered to Austral- , ians in New Guinea to be allowed to re turn to Germany, via America. Hungarian politicians dismayed at the advance of Russians. TEey are repor ted to .be seeking to preserve Hungary's independence, believing that Austria is doomed. Christmas Day was spent by the ships of the British fleet. in the North Sea with the decks cleared for action,, "wait ing £ot the Germans to come out" of Wilhelmshaven. A telegram from Berlin states that the first exchange of permanently incapaci tated prisoners of war will toe made at Geneva this month. The exchange is due largely to the action of the Pope. Pour men killed by an accident on the trans-Australian, railway, 102 miles from K&lgoorlie;, on Tuesday. 'Mild case of .smallpox developed at Port Adelaide in a passenger toy the Runic. Patient and contacts quaran tined. Ft. Hogan's fine' war sermon at the Cathedral on Sunday last is to toe sold in .pamphlet form for the benefit of the Catholic Women's League Belgian Relief Fund. Yuan Shi Kai .has secured' legislation conferring the Chinese Presidency on himself for life and giving him the right to nominate his successor. Heavy snowstorm in Great Britain and France during Christmas holidays. Con siderable loss of life and damage to (pro perty. -Mr. Peake, in an address at Mount Gambler on Saturday, defended German Australians "as loyal' to the- Crown. 