The British People. How Many Races? iTt is tolerably certain that the British islands once formed a part of the main land of the continent of Europe. How the . Kaiser must wish that such might he the case to-day. Also it is tolerably certain that the original human inhabitants of the British islands were cave-dwellers. In England occusionallv, even to-day, may bo seen here and there an individual suggesting a descent from those same cave-dwellers. Mr. John Monro, in his admirable little hooli, "The Storv of the British Race," says : During the "Great Ice' Age," the region \- of the British Isles was as desolate as Greenland or Spilzborgen is to-day. After . a time, as we know, the weather became more genial, and most of the ice melted away, hut ere it was all gone the land which had been liiglierBUian it is now, sank from 600 to 3,UD0 feet bolow its present .level. All agree, however, that after the Great Ice Age, when the climate was milder and Britain was again joined to the continent, palaeolithic men took up tbeir abode there. Remains of them arc found in the alluvium of rivers, in the south of England, and in caves of Yorkshire and Derbyshire as well as North Wales and Ireland. Those of the drift nfc thought to bo earlier than those of the caves. A piece of skull was found at Wcstley ia Suffolk in a "pocket" of briok earth hollowed in the chalk 72 feet below the surface, and in a cavity adjoining, two motar teeth of .the mammoth with" several rude llfnt "weapons. This is the only human bone vet found of the Drift man in the British lsics, and it was too small to throw any light on the shape of his head, but it is highly probable that lie was of the samo type 03 the "race of Canstadt." More than 30 years ago, the late Sir William Grove, D.C.L., in his presiden tial address to the British Association at Nottingham, drew attention 'to an impor tant fact which has been overlooked by the anthropologist as well as by the genealogist. There is, said. lie, anothc. difficulty in the way of tracing a given organism to its parent form, which, from our ' conven tional modo of trgping gcnoMogics is never looked upon in its proper light. ,\Vhere are we to look for the remote ancestor of a given, form ? Each of us, supposing none of otir progenitors to have intermarried with relatives, would have and at or about tho Norman Conquest up wards of a hundred million direct ances- tors of that generation, and it we add the intermediate ancestors, double that number. As each individual has a male and female parent, we havu only, to multiply by two for each 30 years, the average duration of a generation, and it will give the, ' above result. Let anyone assume that one of his ancestors at the time of the Norman,- Con quest was a Moor, another a Celt, and a third a Laplander, and these three were preserved while all the others were lost, he would never recognise either of them as his ancestor, he would only have thp one-hundred millionth of the blood of each of them, and us far as they were con cerned there would be no perceptible sign of identity of race. - It cannot be affirmed that we know all the racial elements of the English and Welsh, perhaps we never shall ; but more light will doubtless be - shed on the matter. Needless to say, the national character of the English is not derived from the Anglo- Saxons, or any single race, but from all the contributory types in the country. Wherever a type is common it ' will affect the general character of tho people in the district. Hence v. e shall rmil local differ ences in tho character of the English, and this, perhaps, is one reason win- popular opinions or literary estimates disagree and even contradict each other. By and by the anthropologist, alter long and painstaking observation, will perhaps be able to pro nounce a verdict on it as a whole, but for the present we may leave the task to the private judgment of the reader.' -' .And the above, is correct, although . .-. some -historians toll- us tlmt-.s.notliing- is known 01 the tustorv 01" Bri tain till the invasion of the island by Julius Caesar in B.C. 55. The .fabulous talo of the colonisation of the island hy Brute the Trojan. - the greatgrandson of Aeneas, and of his long list of descend- ants, docs not require any serious refuta tion. The only certain means by which nations can indulge- their curiosity in re searches concerning their remote origin is , to consider the language, manners, and customs of their ancestors, and to com pare them with those of tho neighbouring nations. There can be no doubt that the first inhabitants of Britain were a tribe of Celts, who peopled the island from the neighbouring continent. Their language 1 was the same : their- manners, their gov ernment, their superstition varied onlv by those -small differences- which time or a communication with the bordering nations must necessarily < introduce. The Celts are divided .into two great branches tho Gael and the Cymry, of whom tho former now inhabit Ireland and tho High lands of Scotland, and the latter the principality of Wales. It has been vehem ently debated whether tho ancient Britons belonged to the Gaelic or Cymric stock of the Celtic race but we may safely ac quiesce in- the conclusion of the most cautious modern inquirers, that both the Britons and tho Gauls- of the continent were Cymry, and that the Welsh may he regarded as the descendants of the anci ent inhabitants. In proof of tins it may he sufficient to mention that' the Celtic words which still exist in the English language are clearly to be referred to the Cymric and not to the Gaelic dialect. The Gallic origin of tho ancient Britons is expressly stated by Caesar, who says that the maritime parts of the island were inhabited by Belgic Gauls. who had crossed over from the mainland for the sake of plunder. He adds, it is true, that ' the inhabitants of the interior were said by tradition to have sprung from the soil ; from which we can only infer that the earlier immigrants of tho Celts took place long before tho memory of man. Tacitus, who derived his information from his father-in-law Agricola, supposed that the red hair and large limbs of the Cale donians indicated a German origin ; and that the dark complexion of the Silures, their curly hair, and their position oppo site to Spain, furnished grounds for be lieving that they were descended from Iberian settlers ' from that country ; but these were evidently conjectures, to which Tacitus himself seems not to have at tached much importance, since he adds that upon a careful estimate of probabili ties we must believe that the Gauls took possession of the neighbouring coast. The British tribes with whom the Romans became acquainted by Caesar's invasion were mainly tho "following, though their precise boundaries cannot of course he 'laid down Tho Cantii, under four princes, in habited Kent. The Trinobantes were seated to the north of the Thames, and between that river and the Stour, in the present, coun ties of Middlesex and Essex, having Lon don, already a place of considerable trade, for their capital. ' The Cenimagni, perhaps the same as tho Iceni of Tacitus, dwelt in Norfolk, 'Suf folk, and Cambridgeshire. The Sogontlaci inhabited parts of Hants and Berks. Tho Ancalites and Bibroci inhabited parts of Berks and Wilts. The position of the Cassi is uncertain. I. The Saxons.— This people , arc first mentioned in the second century hy Ptol emy, who places I licni upon the narrow neck of the Cimhric Chersoncsus, and in three islands opposite the mouth of the Elbe. From thence "their power extended westward as far as the mouths of the Rhine. Among the irihes subject to them were the Frisians, v, .10 probably formed the majority of these Saxon invaders of England, though they are only mentioned under tho general name of Saxons. The southern parts of the island were occu pied by the Saxons proper, or Frisians, who founded the kingdom of South Saxons (South-sexe, whence Sus- sex), of the West Saxons (Wes-sex), and of the East Saxons (Es-sex), the hisl. im-luiling the territory of tho Middle Saxons (whence Middle-sex). The Germnnic tribe have always been divided into two great branches, to which modern writers have given tho name High German (tho pcoplo ia -tho interior, or higher parts ol Get- many), and Low German (the people in the lower parts of the country near tho const). The Saxons belonged- to the Low Germanic branch, and1 their language was closely allied to that of the modern Dutch. ' ' II. Tho Angles or Englc, who accom panied or followed the Saxons, scent I to have been a more, numerous and powerful race, as they .peopled a'Jargct -district of Britain, , and at length gave their name to -the world land. They settled in -East Anglia, or the eastern '/counties, north of Essex ; Mcrcia, or the midlandcounties ; and Northumbria. or air the counties north of the I-lumber. Tlicy are firsu men tioned by Tacitus among the obscure tribes of the Suevic race, and they are placed by Ptolemy on the western ban of the Elbe, near the Lower Saale. Tliencc thev migrated north of the Elbe to the Cimbric Chersonesus, where thev inhabited a district called Anglen, which lay between the Saxons and the Jutes. There is still a- district which bears- this name between the River Slie and the Elensborger- Fiord : but ancicntly it must have comprised, a much larger tcrritory. The Angles, like the Saxons. were origi nally a low Germanic race; but as their first settlements - were upon the upper part of the Elbe in the neighbourhood of High German tribes, and their second seats were, in- the. proximity of the Danes, their language appears .to have been altocl a to o c e te t bv- their ncigh- bo nd x. 1 1 1 lnties in the no tie n 1 nl t 0 1 ngl nd bear traces of the High German and Danish langu ages. - . III The Jutes— These invaders were 10 o mo n the. Saxons. and p 1 onl I 1 Isle of Wight, a 1 1 of 1 1 1 Ihev came irom tl 1 n 1 of J II 1 wlncli is now inl I te I I tl I 1 hut it- is prob- abl tl t tl |io d of the Germans, 1 1 o pcopl t 1 resent h ' southern part of ti pen la t nd I further north 1 n cnl t ne nd tl ere arc .some "re on for h lie ing th t the Jutes were Goth T10 T k th ons. apd Angles, v e 1 0 lo G n n c race The .1 a on h ve been very po 1 fo tl n d :ave their name to J.e co-ntrv. tl.c community, and their language. Also the Saxons must have been powerful invaders, for they gave their name to several of the. great coun ties of England.. We have Wes-sex equal to West Saxons. Es-sex meaning East Saxons, Sus-sex meaning South Saxons, and Middle-sex meaning Middle Saxons. And these two powerful sets of invaders, from a national point or view, absorbed the original inhabitants, commonly called Britons, and all other invaders, so that in the issue we have tho Anglo-Saxon, whom still we sometimes are proud to call a Briton. 