RUSSIAN SUCCESSES HEAVY LOSS INFLICTED ON THE GERMANS ANOTHER TURKISH ARMY ANNIHILATED FIGHTING KNEE-DEEP IN SNOW IN CAUCASIA FRENCH PROGRESSING IN ALSACE. AMERICANS INDIGNANT AT GERMAN INSOLENCE THE POSITION SUMMARISED. The Russian official communiques record successes against the Germans, not only on the borders of East Prussia, but in Poland and elsewhere. They state that raw German troops have been pushed forward as food for cannon," and to screen the Prussian regular troops. A big fight is develop- ing at Bolimow, where the enemy arc verv strong. The Russians have in- flicted another severe defeat in Caucasia where they have wiped out the Turkish force opposed to them The battle took place in a heavy snow- storm Another important Turkish position has been taken near the bor- ders of Caucasia The Allies have been doing good work in France and Flanders. The French are vigorously pushing the Germans back in Alsace, and they have shelled them out of Cernay. The American Government are beginning to take a more reasonable view of the position in respect to the German interned snips in their ports The New York newspapers are indignant at what they term the insolence of the German- American threat to use the political influence of 5,000,000 German voters against the Americans who condemn the bloodthirsty schemes of the Kaiser. The rumor of another aerial raid on England has proved groundless. More bombs have, however, been dropped on Dunkirk. The Russians have dis- covered that members of the Parseval crew, who dropped bombs on Libau, were until recently living in that town. The Germans are rejoicing over the cowardly tactics of submarine U21 in attacking and tanking unarmed merchant ships. Further interesting de- tails are given concerning the dastardly outrage on the Tokomaru, which was carrying gifts from New Zealand to the starving Belgians. Thee Hungarian Premier (Count Tisza) is slated to be endeavoring to make Hungary the predominant partner m the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and to remove the capital from Vienna to Buda Pesth. The threatened attack on Egypt is no nearer consummation, and the Suez, Canal region is quiet The second contingent of the Australian troops is now encamped near Cairo. A New Zealander has been killed while fighting in German East Africa. An Australian lady was abducted in Nyassaland, but she has returned to her home. RUSSIAN ADVANCE. FOOD FOR CANNON. RAW GERMAN TROOPS. HEAVY LOSS SUSTAINED. PETROGRAD, February 2, 7.15 a.m. An official dispatch, published at Petro- grad this morning, says:-"Hand-to- hand fighting took place near Borjimoff on Friday and Saturday;, the attack of four German regiments resulting in the loss of four-fifths of the men of the attacking force. Many of those made prisoners were over forty years old, and had had only a fortnight's military training. Such troops are being used only as food for cannon. They have been sent to certain death in order to exhaust tne Hussian ammunition before the trained German troops deliver 'the real attack. The Rhss.ans having,discovered the trick reserve their fire. The Germans are now testing the experiment of mixing mem- bers of the Landsturm with the re- gular battalions." Traitors in Libau. The crew of the German Paraeval shot down at Libau include two men who were employed as hairdressers in Libau, and also Lieutenant Schenk, a large land- owner in Russia, where he conducted a lucrative timber business on behalf of the German Government. Lieutenant Schenk refuses to disclose the nature of the orders on the strength of which he dropped bombs on a defenceless city. The Russian Government have decided to try the members of the crew of the Paraeval by court-martial, on charges of murder and attempted murder, because they attacked an undefended quarter of the port of Libau. MANY PRISONERS TAKEN. \- PETROGRAD, February 1. A communique issued by the Russian War Office this afternoon states that the left wing of the Russian army, which is operating in the Carpathians, is advancing. The Russians are taking many prisoners daily. GERMANS REPULSED. BIG FIGHT AT BOLIMOW. PETROGRAD, February 2, 7.20 a.m. A Petrograd official communique pub- lished this morning says:—''The Russian cavalry penetrated the German lines for a distance of 15 versts to -the north of Sierpce, 22 miles north-by-west of Plock" The German offensive at Lipno (30 miles north-west of Plock) and Dobr- sin an January 30 was repulsed. The Ger- mans were thrown back to the north- west of Wloclawek, 35 miles south-east of Thorn, leaving many dead. The German offensive to the south of Bolimow has de- veloped into active operations by very large forces. The German offensive in this region has been marked by great tenacity, and has been conducted in close forma- tion strongly supported from behind. The lighting near Bolimow on January 31 com- pelled the Russians to rétire to their second line of trenches." FRANCE AND BELGIUM PROGRESS IN ALSACE. MULHAUSEN MENACED. PARIS, February 2. An official communique published Paris this morning says:—"The French are making gradual progress in Alsace. The Germans have quietly evacuated the town of Cernay (Sellheim), in the vicinity of which heavy fighting occurred some weeks ago. The French guns had made the place untenable by the enemy, and now the bom- bardment of Cernay by the Germans pre- vent the French from occupying, it. In the meanwhile the French are shelling the forest of Sonnenbruch, whither the Ger- mans have advanced, thus barring the French advance to Mulhausen." Mulhausen is on the right bank of the River 111 and the Rhone Canal, and it is the principal seat of cotton spinning in Western Germany. It was ceded to Ger- many with Alsace in 1871. The popula- tion is about 80,000. It is about 10 miles east of Sellheim. A FIGHT NEAR LA BASSEE PARIS, February 2. A communique issued at 2 a.m. to-day covering yesterday's operations, reports that there was a very heavy fall of snow on Monday morning. Taking advantage of the weather, the Germans violently as- saulted the Allied trenches north of the Belthune La Bassee road. The enemy, how- ever, were repulsed, leaving numerous dead on the field. On the same day the German infantry near Beaumont-Hamel, north or Albert, attempted a surprise attack on the Allied position, but were forced to fly. So anxious to get away were they that they abandoned their explosives. There is great activity at Fontaine Madame and Bois de la Gmrie. A German attack has been repulsed towards Baga- telle. LIVELY ARTILLERY DUELS PARIS, February 1. The official communique issued tins after- noon states that lively artillery duels are in progress along most of the front in Fiance and Belgium. AMERICAN AFFAIRS. SHIP PURCHASE BILL. DR. WILSON CAUTIOUS. GERMAN PROPAGANDA. LONDON. February 2. The Washington correspondent of the "Times"' states that it is clear that the members of President Wilson's Adminis- tration are exercised in their minds by the discovery that the sale of German ships will assist the German propagandists. It is generally believed that though Presi- dent Wilson devised "the Ships Purchase Bill" for the purpose of acquiring the in- terned German vessels in the United States ports, he in unlikely to use the. measure as he intended to do in August. President Wilson states that he is determined to avoid complications with foreign countries, and that he will use his powers with the greatest discretion. Pro-German Meeting. Mr. Bartholdt's pro-German meeting on Saturday caused, a great shock to public opinion-in-America. This was particularly the case in respect to the threat that five million m mbers of German-American societies will enter the coming contest in favor of pro-German candidates for politi- cal-positions. Newspapers Indignant. The New York "Times," in referring to Mr. Bartholdt's. meeting, says:—"Ameri- cans have been very indulgent toward the German citizens of the United States, but when, in their insolence, they threaten to use the ballot to punish Americans who refuse to applaud the Kaiser's enterprises of blood and slaughter, it is necessary to warn them that they have reached the permissible limit." Many other American newspapers pub- lish similar strictures in respect to Mr. Bartholdt's meeting. Mr. Bartholdt's Career. Mr. Riehard Bartholdt, member of the United States Congress, was born in Ger- many on November 2, 1855. He is the son of Mr. Gottlob Bartholdt, who married Miss Caroline Louise Wagner. He arrived in the United States as a lad, and received a classical education. He learned the printing trade, and married Miss Caecilie Niedner, of St. Louis, on June 27, 1880. He was editor-in-chief of the St. Louis "Tribune" from 1885 to 1892, and has been president of the school board in that town. He was elected to the House of Représen- tatives for the 10th Missouri district in 1893, and his present term of office ex- pires this year. He is president of the Interparliamentary Union for the Pro- motion of International Arbitration, and he is a Republican. HYDRO-AEROPLANES. NOT WAR VESSELS. WASHINGTON, February 1. The Secretary of State (Mr. W. .J. Bryan), in reply to the protest of the German Ambassador against United States manufactures exporting hydro- aeroplanes to the Allies, asserts that such machines are not war vessels, and their shipment to the Allies, therefore, is not a breach of neutrality. BUSY AVIATORS. BOMBS ON DUNKIRK. LITTLE DAMAGE DONE. PARIS, February 2. Six German airmen yesterday dropped 60 bombs into Dunkirk, but the damage done by their explosion was insignificant. Dunkirk has been frequently visited by hostile aviators recently, and extensive precautions have been taken to protect the place from bombs. FIVE AIRSHIPS SIGHTED. LONDON, February 2. Unconfirmed reports state that five Ger- man airships appeared over the south coast of England la&t; night. The forts, includ- ing those at Dover, opened fire on the raiders and drove them across the Chan- nel. The authorities in London and elsewhere promptly gave the rumors importance by obscuring the lights at the railway-stations, on the routes to London. The special con- stables were immediately called out. All the emergency measures were carried out with splendid orderliness. GROUNDLESS ALARM. LONDON, February 2, 5.20 a.m. The alarm caused by the report that five German airships had been seen over the southern coast of England proves to have been without foundation. WAR RATES. The following are the war rates now in force:—Outwards and homewards—All routes (including America and Canada, Atlantic ports). 1 per cent.; to or from Far East. Africa, $ per cent.; India and Colombo, any route, 2 per cent.; Pacific ports, 1 per cent.; Pacific Islands, including Fiji. 1 per cent. Sailers, - outwards and homewards. 3 per cent. Applicable to all flags, except German, Austrian, and Tur- kish. THE DESTRUCTIVE POWER OE A MODERN SHELL The damage caused by a single German shell in, St. Martin's Church, Ypres. WAR ON THE SEA. SUBMARINE U21 DANISH FLAG TREACHERY. LONDON, February 2, 5.50 a.m. There have been no further tidings yet of the German- submarine U21, which re- cently sank the Kilcoan, the Linda Blanche, and the Ben Cruachan in the Irish Sea. The sailings of some steamers from Ireland to Liverpool have been deferred, but com- mercial men deprecate undue alarm on the part of shipowners. A report is current in Liverpool that submarine U21 received a supply of oil on Saturday from a vessel flying the Danish flag off the coast of North Wales. THE TOKOMARU'S FATE. LONDON, February 2. Mr. Harry Bryan, wireless operator on the Shaw, Savill, & Albion liner Tokomaru, which was treacherously sunk by a German torpedo off Havre on Sunday, states that the torpedo forced its way through, the ship into her coal bunkers, where it ex- ploded sideways. This accounted for the Tciomaru not sinking for over aft bour, thus enabling all the crew to escape. A dozen French torpedo boats answered the "S.O.S." call sent out by the Toko- maru within half an hour. SEA AS BLACK AS INK. LONDON, February 2. The captain and the second officer of the steamer Tokomaru, who were on the bridge, sighted the periscope of a sub- marine. A few seconds later a torpedo struek the vessel amidships, carrying away liar bulwarks and part of the bridge on the port side. After the explosion the water swept the deck, the- waves-rising to the height of the funnels. The crew, who were below, had some difficulty in reaching the deck owing to the list and to the volume of water pouring down the com- panion ways. The sea became as black as ink owing to the fact that the torpedo penetrated the coal bunkers. The crew boarded the three boats without mishap, and they are now inmates, of the Sailors' Home at Aldgate. SOUTH AUSTRALIA SYMPATHY. On Tuesday afternoon the Premier (Hon. A. H Peake) sent a telegram to the Prime Minister of New Zealand ex- pressing the sympathy of the Government with the people of New Zealand in con- nection with the loss of the Tokomaru, particularly with respect to that portion oi the cargo which consisted or presents from New Zealand to the Belgian sufferers. THE NEW ZEALAND. LONDON, February 1. Captain Halgey, of H M S New Zealand, replying to the congratulations of the High Commissioner of the Dominion on the part played by the cruiser in the recent naval engagement, has telegraphed to the Hon. T. Mackenzie that all on board the warship are proud of having represented New Zealand and of having received her appreciation. GERMAN JUBILATION. AMSTERDAM, February 1. The German newspapers, in their com- ments on the sinking of the Tokomaru and the steamers in the Irish Sea, express; jubi- laiion concerning the activity of German submarines, which, they allege, threatens to cat off England's food supply, and strike at the root of her trans-oceanic trade. AUSTRIA-HUNGARY COUNT TISZA'S IDEALS. LONDON, February 3. A Hungarian publicist, writing to a friend in England, states that Count Tisza, the President of the Hungarian Council of Ministers, is aiming at the establish- ment of the ascendency of Hungary within the Dual Monarchy,'and the transfer of the capital from Vienna to Buda Pesth. The same authority adds that Baron Stephan Burian, who has succeeded Count Berchtold as Imperial Chancellor, is merely Count Tiszas representative in Vienna. TURKISH CAMPAIGN VICTORY AT GORLESS. ENEMY WIPED OUT. PETROGRAD, February 2 An official dispatch from the Russian military headquarters in Caucasia, pub- lished tats morning, says:—"The Russian victory at Gorless unis week was decisive, and it resulted m the annihilation or the only Turkish division winch escaped a simi- lar fate in the battles of Sarykaimsh and Kara Urgan. The enemy attempted a flanking movement, but became hemmed in between Olty and the river The battle was fought during a furious snowstorm The Russians scaled the mountain passes which were many feet deep in snow, but they had still sufficient stamina to storm, the Turkish positions and carry the village at the point of the bayonet. They killed 700 Turks. A large quantity of munitions of war were captured, with many pri- soners." LADY ABDUCTED. NEW ZEALANDER KILLED. LONDON, Fcbruarv 2. Mrs. Roach, the wife of Mr. T. J. Roach, an Australian engineer, was among the women earned off by the rebellions Anguru natives from Magomera, in Nyassaland, on the occasion of the rising on January 23 Mr. Roach was absent from home at the time. Mrs. Roach, who has been restored to her home, was not injured in any way. Mr. John Gale, a son of the-late Mr. Frederick Gale, of Kaikoura, New Zea- land, was killed on January 28, during an attack by the British forces on Lon- gido, in German. East Africa. ADVANCE ON EGYPT SUEZ CANAL QUIET. TURKS DESERTING. From C. E. W. .Bean. Australian press representative with the Australian Imperial Force:— CAIRO. February 1. ? Hie '.lpngrthreatened:"British forces', alone the'Stier. Canal hav-'e'iiot 'been'molested yet; and every thingj'is reported- to-be'quiet; there. Deserters"JfAitfl tbé.'Ott»man'..áririi "ani.ubming intoîthe British:lines every 'da.vr ánd: hil tell' of the iüsaffeétion- wïïieh/,per nieates . the force. One .man, who had. 'Been" ' á * cabcTrrVér^in ;. Jèrusale nf^lic'fqré '.big.'ún rolv men¿ by" the;Turks, .siktecl-:.that;itíte >pors tio.n of the army to.whicliihc.jwas^a.ttacbe.çl marched; from. .; that, ¡-.¡ty . vand'*l-oaV.tlie coastal route to El' AîishV.;;Th7pr]gèJiÊvwé!Ïj:i iníaUd by a ilrjsert;crps^:rpad-to';-Nahkh..llc added that.the otñcer3vwerei.we"ll_"f¿p.; .but the nien fared miserably-..;.- -V- '.;, :'?.'.. I'V deserter, with "brie íhánd'] ctit:off,\ >'r [ r'ved in theJ3ritish'.-campl;'.. An'.'officialdom-. municatíon'.'cóniáiBs" the .man's-.e'Splanation of his ^ misadventure. "ETç;'saíd^a't'Gérmárí i -.officer Ordered ' him. -to- CHt'y.thâ- tí élepítorié wire near-Tor." Hcíprotestea" agâinstlthc order, as lio;íons3dered',t&b;^ , to be reached." The officer' taen drew his .sword and cut the-mans. hand ' off. The prisoners who. "Kaye :'given ' thémselvîès1'' up have .been -in an ..absolutely . ragged- - con-: ditiori.? .-?-: U:'?'i ."'?. .-' ??-. ?'. .;.. ?.?.?..' ,'.. THE SECOND CONTINGENT; LANDED IN GOOD HEALTH. The second contingent of soldiers from Australia has landed in Egypt. The voyage was perfect, and the ccondition of the men and and horses is good. The transports passed through the -Suez Canal without seeing or hcariñg'"'áñy lighting, 'although aJlirusli bc'-' twecn Indians and .Turks.had óécu£fedncar Kantara on.tbe previous.day. : -, ?' > ..¡No ceremony-of any kind attended .the arrivalj.of. the transports at. .Alexandria. The hugë"ships, crowded with .men, moved slowly up to the wharfs. .These were ab- solutely'deserted, except'-' for three or f our Australian -officers"whose 'mission was to superintend; the disembarkation and a few policemen. ,. j¡';,.- -^ ;. .- v '" The Australians of'the first.'force were intensely, interested'' to 'discover.' the quality ;'óí!'the~ríew-l¿Trrvals.'"The' first "thing 'tliey ! nótifced was .tlíat .?'voie','new "? troops-'. -wore j forage caps, which gave them an appear- ance ^similar;."to-that: of- the British sol-, diers -in Egypt.. The-.infantry brigade is-, to go into-..camp at.- Zeitun, whither the .1st Light^.Horse Brigade.rhas also:moved' ;frómíM.aadi:>íTl\e.'.re.inforcements will ;go. "into cainp; at.-.Abassia,-..near. Zeitun. ¿.¡The .se'cpnd: brigade bas been-.sent to the Maadi 'camp,' hvhich the-first brigade has just ; icf tó-.v ;:?-,', -./--.: ,-.*.. .'-.'/ .".-.. ,-:. ¡: THAKKz PROM LADY DUDLEY. Lady Galway* has received from Sir George Reid,' the Higa Commissioner, tho follov ng cop} of a litter norn the Dowager Countess of D-dlev -ibp man} ttyin'iS for the informat on with regard to the cases of stores which have been sent to this tociclV" from Australia I simp1} cannot tell vou with what gratitude they will be received m dur stores department here There arc such immense calls made upon i*s for stores of all sorts and for clothing for our hospitals both in England and abroad, and lately the gifts made,to vs in thi= respect have been falling oft cons derabl}, owing to private collections for tie men of the different regiments Therefore, the-c generous gifts from Aus traha are ot untold value at this momen* especially ' A DECiarBER REPORT Some idea of the eitensrve work cair»ed on by too British Red Cro-s Society may be gathered irpm the "summary" of woifc for the week ended December 19," which Ladv Galw ay has rece»ved from tne head a uarter- of the soxaet} m London It States - The number of Vuxiharv Home Ted Cross Hoc pit ils accepted by the War Oftice to date is 013, containing beds- for li 291, including 344 beds ac cepted during the past wee!, and distributed I amoru? the arra} commanda as follows -London, 1905, ¡southern, ¿> «49 Mdershot, "»21 eastern, 4,20o \prthern, ',i06 Western, 2 COS Irish 201 _j ire being util -ed m r-onnection with these bos Ipiials The British Ked Crcfc.3 Hospital, \atlej, has its full number of bcJs non a -ailaole and to dav there are 20S British, l-»2 Indian and 10 Bel glan sick., and wounded soldiers, occupying cots ílanj ot the countries which nave erected Inila art generously supplying g ts> bith for E itisi and Indi in wounded. \ Christmas dimer Las been arranged for patiei t=T nursing Sisters, ai d orderlies, and several ente-tainmenN wall be held for tin amusement of Biooe in hospital The to'low Inff inptor an puXMicea have, bein ditpaix.hcd during tb£ |«st wet! -21 airbuUrcc- 4 touring cars, 1 'orry -and i scrap kitchen to Boulogne " amuu la-ees ,2 tour ng caro, and 1 Urrv to Dunkerque ami 11 ambulance» cts"whc-o u\ England V daih list is reccivrcd irom Boulogne of woim led ofh cert, there or at other pUo> This imormation is forwarded b¡ the War Office to Messrs Co-; ond Oo , ind to relatives B» arrangements with the War Ofhce a sv tem will come into operat on in a day or two whercl» c\en wounded man in hospital will be liawíed a postcard bearing the name of the hospital, in order that le raa3 rtotifj his nearest-of-kin. Correspondence is maintained with varoua Government droartmont , wit» Geneva,'and the prisoners of 'War Bureau Stores and Transport -3o0 cases ot «tore» were «ert to tne Continent, of these 1o9 went to Boulogne and IO« to Calais, J 6o-hospitals- in this countrj were supplied with 419 cj«cs of storr» Dunn» all this period, tne stores department has continue»! to pack and p-epare cases oi torc-, and comforts so (bat Wnencver an advance or the- vllicd armies lakes p'acc and an urgent dunand ar'cs it wall be jiossibíe to send a ven. largo qnantitv oi sup- plies abroad with the least possible delay Tbp congestion at the ports of both Boulogne and Havre jr.. this moment is phenomenal it is now necessarv to send a messenger across with every cqnsiii"mci)t of good». It has happened more than once that our '.tores luve had to cross th" Channel three times Tbcv lmve been «ent to Boulogne, but the rteamer lias been so filktf with goods that before ebc 1-as been able to tfload »beni all, the time for he- return jiiirrev to Eng land has arrived Gonsequcjitlj she has bad to tike oin" stares oack to 1 oIRestctne, and then take them a second lune to Boulogn Tin-, is in sume measure due to the approicn o Christmas, but even. ollpwiJg for tin , it ji bceonuig mon and more difficult to casare the arrival of »tores to tile r leStmation arywherc m Trance mil «j accompanied bj a special, messenger 19, >S» gar ments were received durng the past week, ard 11,009 vere issued" OFFICIAL NEWS. SUCCESS ON BOTH FRONTS. , _ Melbourne, Februarj 2 Toe Mtritotcr or Defence received to dav the rollowmg cable message rrom the ¡secretar' o State ?or the Colonies, dated London, rponiarv 3 7 40 pm - The official Press Bureau report«» that the cneniv s attack on TYidav on the Bnt.-.h on.es> nea" Gum'hy, n I ranee, "was cislj rcpu.1 ed O. cr 200 German dead were counted, but tlie Brtieh casual t es were »mall >. -The Ticnch 'iOv crament confirms the statement o the- onemi's heavj Io«ses near Lombacrt¿ydc, m Flanders Two of the cnerrj *s> guns 'and "some "convojs were de^trovr-d bv the artillen near Rheimi The Ru""*ian Government reports havmg made some progresas m Last Pru ¿tia. On the left bark or the Matura tie Germans were dislodged aom a captured trench, losing nearly "two entire companies, with prisoners and a quick Inng gun I ight tug in the Carpa tinana continues DESERTERS WARNED. Melbourne Fcbruarv 3 »Deserters from the Expeditionary Forces are to bo verj .severely deait with in-fuiure The Minister of Defence stated to-daj that the question had come berore the depart ment and steps viere to be taken to deal with all deserters bj court martial All men who threw up -the sponge without good reason and le t the ranks without «arct on would render themselves liable to impugnment The Minister added that deserter-, Rendered Ihemíich'es liable to the death penalty only when thej deserted m the nee ot the enemj s J J APA p^ :;ASPI RATONS, :'-"."; the surplus'.population""' ?.'-.?.? ,, ........ probl'fíví,;; ;.;.;..' '. î;\ . /?.' '.'.' '". 'Brisbane,vFebriiary 2. ;A passenger by;thc'Nikkd Marir, \'a-it\i arrived "at1'Pinkenba to- day,,'referred ,tó [.tfie political situation. , He said there had been great discussions about the.future of' I'Tsing-Tari and the Marshall Islands. . The people'of. Japan- were not' thirsting to'ex- tend toe'limits o:-their'Empire, but ear- nestly desired spots on ; the;-, earth: into which the^-could project the surplus popur lation,which,was increasing-by half.a mil- lion annually. In-consequence, oftiiis zhe coantirj-r.was becoming- poorer./. .One. of .'the .reasons v\:l_y;tiie 2iikko Maru 'initiated; on this voyage the'new" pnic'tT- ce of1'calling, at. Zamboauga, in,. the Philip pines,.. 'fas' ' " to meet 'the;.requirements, 'of " J^pañ'ése '.'who .are settling-in-that;part of the" group.'The natives are not good laborers, -and Japa- nese immigrants, principally -farmers and pearl fishers, were welcomed".' ?:? i'-""I do not think,"-observed the tourist, I "that .the' people arc" hungering, for'more territory.- The development or- Korea is. taxing their energies, and,-in fact; -it is beyond their-capacity at.present. - If. there', ha any new placé they would_ like to obtain : I think it would be the Philippine' IsIandâ.'V'.'; .-' ;:" .'?' .-. ? \ '?' " "Japanese-Editor. Arrives... ' The Japanese mail steamer Nikko Maru I ?arrived', at 'Pinkenba' to-day., from 'Yöko hamai bringing..3,009 Jons; of"cargo;to Aus- j .tralia'. * Among the ' passengers is Mr. 'T.: ¡ Tsuca'iyâ, formerly editor ''? -of .the -well known "japanese: dilly .neVvspaper, "Asiahi," published in Osaika. Mr. Tstiehiya's mis- sion to AustralLi'is to; study problems and; .prospects a: trade,witha- viçrw- to embody- ing his investigations in a.séries of articles.; He said, it was considered in. Japan that1 a' journalist, would handl .more1 comprehensive arid' businesslike ?.*vay than Government', officials, as. they are said to., be tero fond of departmental statistics .and' routine methods., -/; :...-.: :.,' ?-.;'...-! : :-' A New Vice-ConsriL*¿a ' .."'.?'f.'-.-.'/îV. -; An interesting--passenger by :the 'Nikko. 'Màru'.is Mr. Amauy <óí the' Japanese Drolo matic Service.' He is'1 proceeding'to Syd; iiej-_ where he will assume the duties of Yieê-ÇonsuJ. ' Colonel Yamashtia, 0: the Japanesc.àimy, k'also. travelling to, Sydney to buy horses for the Government. , . ?' ' ' '.'.-"ASOLDIER'S:DEATH, [\ " ' ' ' ... ..... Melbourne,' February 2. . '-The.¿Defence'.!.Department.: 'had- received .news b: the death ?? of Private, Frederick Howes. C Company, 3rd Tropical Battalion,1 .who died at Frederick Wilhelmshafen, of malaria, .on January 24. v "ghe next .of kin is Albert Howes, of Stewart-street, Gran- ville. ' : ' ' ,?" BOY SCOUTS i Melbourne. February 2, The Victorian distinct military authori- ties intend encouraging the Boy ¡scouts in the art of map-making and map-reading. A Sun e} Department has for some time | past been engaged m making military maps of the whole of Australia, and after the Boy scouts have "been lectured to by mili- tary officer^ the} arc to be entrusted with small sections of maps omi instructed td (Til in upon them information concerning fords, the directions of river currents, rail ?«} crossings, towers^ and. other similar objects of militar} interest, i } . THE BARRIER BATTLE Melbourne, February 2. Air J TJiomas, the member for the Bar- net, to dav made a_ lormal application to the Minister of Defence for compensation to be paid to the relatives of the persons killed and ti o<-e who wore wounded when tvvo enem} subjects fired on a picnic train at Bioken Hill on New Year's Day The matter will be discussed by the Cabinet when the Federal Ministers return to Mel- bourne from ¡>}dne}. COOKERS THAT VERE TOO SLOW. '. "Melbourne, February JJ. Recent!, the Thud" Light Horse Brigade was supplied with field kitchen« designed to prepare meal» piomptl} The brigade, however, has turned down eight of the cookers and íeturned them to the Defence Department with tne intimation that they arc too =Jow On one occaston during a bivouac it took ti»i» cookers two hours lo ptepare a meal, and the íesult wa* that the hungry soldiers ccpiessed their opinion of the cookers and then defects in strong terms Hie brigade liai decided to do without cookers unies a more «¿cisfactoiy tvpe tan be supplied The Minister of Defence stated to-dn} thnt- an enquiry was being made to ascertain the faults of the eookcis and to rcctif} them. WHY THE GERMANS MUST FAIL ^ HOW BRITAIN CHECKMATED^ THE KAISERS PLANS., %f (By Colonel" F X. Ma»de,',0^/în "T.P.V "Weekly" of December 20.) From the dav the British ultimatum was received m Berlin the higher German t General btaff have been lighting nqdar%q,)} sense of coming disaster.'?Thisi is tthe%car- it dwal point which the pnbhe of Great Britain, of her AHiea, arid of all nentiäl^ B nations would do will to take totl|caiL v for the sooner and^ more1 completely- tjjêy- & realise it the sooner will- come the end of this ternbl» and now useless and there- fore c-immal slaughter If ""J make thu ass-rlion positively, and without reserva- tion, I do so because I was myself trained- ¿*-< up in the some school of strategy $s 'the men who now direct, subject to the inter- ference of the Kaiser, the military opera- tions of our *nemy, and until I cam« under the influence of the new French school of t-hought I saw thc«e problçms ¿>JE the invasions of irance and Russia frofn precisely th; same standpoint as they-, »till do. ' The Strategie Initiative Lost.- \'' The .keynote of policy op both frontier» ^ was to acquire whatsis called- thc"strategic'. -V¿ initiative, i.e., the power of compelling your enemy to do what you want,' not What he would , like to do, and.'_ "to this end no- effort -'had1 becn\ spired i^Äl.-:.? the machine, and in particular- to develop^'¿ífipfí^ railway system, so that from theYverj^ii'V: commencement of hostilities she '? ? cquIííí>iííi strike an overwhelming . blow, utilising;'/;:^ every mau, horse, and gun to'the uttoostij-.-'o; The Germans knew w:ell that .unlessVtbfo>>:í$ first blow proved- absolutely stig^riägi^'"? upsetting the. internal stability,'. }cohi-4";i nicrcial and political,'of ;her'''advcrsa¿i^^.í; France alone would'-prove^-a -very:? seriousi;\,i-'r problem ? to handle...For her material; rc^A«S soiirces are- far greater, and.as.'lohg'tóihéif.r'íji ports remained open to thçiyseaïi'bérv*^ pow-er of recuperation Was' immense^ If^rK however, England kept out of ;the%trugglè>'*'; :'ï the naval power at- the disposal: Tof íGfjt- vf: ;'ï: many was considerably greater- thání;tÍHfí^:;:;: of * France, aiid she might ther'ef^ré¿hop«'Híi'; [not only to interrupt Ffemch.c'ómmerc^A-í; .but also to disembark .troops '-along".;ithfi.^jS' coast anywhere from Boulogne' to, Calais;. ;;íX! and thus achieve the- complete. enyetópii^Xt-ív; of the Whole French north-eastern^ ^dc^'fi;1^ fences. Hence, from' the' day tli^ bègia;vTiv to advance out of" Belgium' 'Tthey¡;liayo;,;í!;~' hád'an uneasy feeling -as fo-"what: mightr^":-; threaten them . from -that direction," geeing'Cíí% i that the sea power, now was in.:bur..Káiijis."'"*''?£': not. theire.' ?' ¡ ; \,_:.' , ; '..-.;' í.¿ ^.?-Y^-^-^-'S ?,..',; The; Providential'; BritijahVï-ii;^^ , For the moment. « and: "until,1, kétiíiit^'jí contact :' had ; . disillusioned -? '..- ttóm'A;¿'af'fy¿f, to Y the fighting '. quality , .-of-- ipi^Birvî:£# 'John ¡Frenches ' ''contemptible :,.ïlittlë;h ,i* Array," its .presence at MóhsJmtistXhav/i|;'A'3 seemed to: them providentiak .For-'its/nnnt:"',-;'^; bers were far too small to hamper'mar í,;í¡ terially the immense forces-they ^badvÜe^;:;J;¿ ployed against the left wing.of the.Allies, :;^;| and since they- knewíúuíteywcll.ith^ had no further troops to disp'atcli fçif''soma ;.;i.r time to come there was still a'good.fight- .,".?: ing chance -for,.' their/'sùcce» agMÄtiTä^,'§V3-; where they had done all- that.mVn%¿apJ^;?;'. treachery "could devise to 'bring about an i.f;;;i upset of the existing government. Wé ¡know, v ?;, now how the superb heroism of the -j. little, ::;4;î British Army, fighting four-te^nc;; ;pdds, ^-.V': purchased for the French time éñougli >t» ;'vjg swing in.their great sixth army,-and--hair;^-M. under the combined pressure of the AlUea-;";§:; annies, the Germans were forced back ;to>öW> the Aisne, and it waa from:'-thÍ8_n^oméhtV':ii:; ithat the danger from the sea .began-.toSjr loom up so threateningly that ^they. weitïVk^} compelled'to:att^p£\tbe'sieg^ and to flood. Belgium, with, whatever JtrooRar-; ..¿.£ they could lay^.their'hand8Ïupon,Vnpi\:ï]r^.fei order to -,seize, the coast -from Calais»::;toi;sJS Zeebrugge; m ia. jumping-off, .place. 4or.? Tia:.;¡¡Û invasion of England, but : tó;:prévent'ítb^í^ ; British ¿danding some of.-their ¿nftny^icpivri^^ tiigeioa.--.then.'' foi-nuns,;.^. transferirá French, leven . Russia^', ' trpops.:,to ;.tííé<;.'sar)«iC.tíi'J .point, thus. ithreatening-,iii j the most î f ipr**-^ mudable manner their, commuiiiratroiisvjñ^ their-owm country.. ' ". .!-'.? ;* j-'.-. ..'?'. r-^^¿^0H The Decoy.of "Invasion.";;..; .'^^Hí'í^ : The Kaiser, .pérsoriálly,,'and' his''.stiff >"ar'»'v$.% ; far'too highly trained',in iniHteiiy',;mf1it^'Síí|:?: to have contemplated. seriouWly;.:,the:;,*víftÍ5"^f;i| cat schemes the German^yie&hi;^éV&ir;^^ copiously attributed to them.'.'b^ut.-r'itiojjj^Ts knew that .the.-possession.'; of :tluS'cbastUn»£'^ 'was vital to them,-arid sóñi'ejTwttle^^.'badíiilKÍ to be found to stimulate:the'.1có.untryi',tó^thAA"r¿¿í rrtinost exertions,"and in;so7.fárr-'as.!Jti^liit^j^i^ actually reached the eów^ ¿nd:íóiimeí^tíé.u^rt .dunes "between 'Niefuport'.and>-'Z;éeftffltói'¿¿>t|^ they; may fairly claim some retorn.for.^Kflt>ïi;;i sacrifices, even .though they,.can h^lyjpiit^r-ip:;;; lish the. true- fact's 'of .the , case-.ín^ttéíc^íí^t .newspapers. But our power of threâtenhSg^'pgi this coastline has had the effect; ófr'cólíti^T^; pelling Germany, to . send 'out;- at -least Coye^Bfi million additional men, half tramed>-,^uV;i;:Ç.;;; badly commanded, tójcomplete her'gigan'fia;|¿''^ battle^front of 2S0:;iniles-um"ofe br.'Íea^:ír^A»?.3^; the Rhine to. the'asâ-^whicK'.'ibas^'btoùgM-;*^ home to -the German public more .rapwl^iyS*; and more intensely- than' anytln.ng;-;.-;èlse;,^;?;i could welTdo the terrible sacritices'tte^wartí'íic 'is'exacting'. ". And along this-line thé'FrJmchíí^if' railway system gives the AlEe¿"hp .less\thíaií í>J;' four lines -of.'. advance, any. one'-of'-vvfiji^àÇ^ift or any two, thre^,or all mayvbe;;utilifi^dl-.^5^ by the'armies novv forming, when' the/tî^:^*^ comes to' resume, -tile offensive.-. ':'J^V'; r^?*.-.'!^; ?;."? The-Political Element/.'; .'??:¿&'$[yi&$:. Now, if'it is suiScicntly'-.'tfin^çuit^tOf;wi^i:v^ corn under which' little .thimbië.'-virês'^thiÉ^A: one small" pea, 'it-is 'clearly- almost-'bpy^nd;Si S human power to say which ,of the i\\-byi3i'#«V-. .by 3 by i pérmuta'tiorís,^.írí-.aiytbe'AKíM^ís^ General .Staff -.may, çliqbs'e' to;'seleetVo¿'36.!-í¿; what moment they may- carry'.infoçoffisëÉ^-ff-i: their choice.- There is only 'one ;*ni]itórjr¿í^5í solution of'the problem, viz.-, a-concentWrfSi'; tion On a. shorter line;'to the rear/wbicfh)??f^v can be held by fewer men-but ?this'.hap-i'í'Jlf: pens to. be; absolutely impboibleAïotifbji^Q^;; German staff to sdc i and dynastic reasons, which nbvv^absolufelyi;;^*: centration is.by.now complete,.aiad.'as^sopB*.. ds the frost really grips-'t^c'-coùnti^l^f^;;'' may look for a determined offensive,óu'-hcc,-;.;^'; part along her whole line.- .The.ttidsíío'a^.vííi1 our watering-places cannot' 'in :'ax>f:Ky&T;Î&M.; affect the situation ono..way'..pr-^i6t^ÈK*--''(?i-; but from our point of view they ;will;-;nOT*';/^ .this advantage-that they will stifféri'«.tb'é^V:# backbone of. our people so that .'thegrA^älkä^' see this thing 'through to .'.the' bitter'^etri i,5^.'': and allow no feelings of spurious' hiiiiíánityA^. to hamper the/conclusion;of'an;enduring*?:?.,£ peace../ .....-; '.?': '.''?:?'??? [ . . "-.-','-'. ~''r'£i'£atyi (Continued'; on next page.)" .:.'', (¿Qfyfifê _--.?.?- .? ?? /-";''^' :^ ^???'?^mßm E W (Continued from Page 7*)' LUEWS FOR AUSTRALIAN TROOPS. ... 'AS ENTERPRISING CEYLON PAPER. | Australians should be interested in »tory of journalistic enterprise on the part of-ca well-known newspaper, "The Times of Oevlon," in ila specral catering for the members of the first Australasian eontin feñt on their reaching Colombo. Recognis- ing thaf the Australians would want to know what <nad happened in regard to the irar in the interval between their leaviug Fremantle and arriving at Colombo, the newspaper, went to elaborate pains to pre- pare a special edition for the troops. Xatnrally.the movements of the Anstralian coBtingent-had been kept absolutely secret by-the naval authorities untd late in the evening of Saturday, November 14. At a late hour on that dale the general officer cotnmantiimT advised ¿he newspaper that the 'Australian contingent was due in Co lonrbo.at 6 ajn. the following day. Realis rug' that there.would be a keen demand lor the latest war news, the editorial, com pomnfe.. and-, printing staffs of the news- paper vere immediately set to work to pre- late a .special. edition containing all Reu- ter'« telegrams from November 1 to Novem- ber 14." This meant a considerable amount of i ¿work, as every telegram had to be re»et from the files, and the whole edition had to .be ready by the early hours of Sunday, in -addition to the production of the usual jdaijy ianie. On the arrival of the trans- ports many thousands of this special edi- tion of-tíie-íT5mes of Ceylon" were ímme idiaiely,jdkpalched to them. The published place was- Cd., but the instructions to the ctpff vere that every vessel was to receive *. «ripply, and tina fact was to be con ftidered of more importance than that all the copies, «hould necessarily be paid for. Áá'M. matter of business, the proprietors were -compelled to obtain some monetary recompense, for the paper; but, as a matter «f ^îaçiotïsn, they were anxious that tire MqwrementB. of the contingent should be coMidered before the claim of their own pocket. Many members of the contingent expressed their, gratitude for the enterpris- ing way in which their demand for news bad been supplied. The strenuous work entailed in the production of the edition, .feinst-time, can only be adequately ap- preciated by those acquainted with the in M^je working of a newspaper office, and is »:¿p]endid tribute to the enterprise and patriotism of the newspaper concerned. ÖERMAX STEAMERS IN DUTCH EAST INDIAN PORTS. ?The Adelaide Chamber of Commerce has been advised of the receipt of a cable fépqi Mesera. Maintz <fc Co., of Batavia, t ai, follows:-"Received several documents .Lubeck;' quite impossible to handle each lot separately; joint action by "all Aus . traiian receirers is important; also engage room your side. When all arranged tele- graph credit for all charges 'and general average and confirm lading bills col- lected." The necessity for joint action, Which "is emphasised m the above cable- gram, was recommended by the delegates Bar the consignees at the Sydney confer- ence recently held. V>" 2ÏEW ZEALAND PRAISED. Wellington, February 2. The Minister of Defence (Mr. Allen), «hen interviewed to-day, paid a tribute tçthc popular contributions to the equip- ment of the Expeditionary Force». He «¡aid the people of New Zealand had giren £150,000 to the defence fund administered by^ the Government. He was unable to make a. definite statement as to the expen- diture for -war purposes, but up to March 31 it had reached two million«! The -work of dispatching the first contingent had pro- ceeded without a bitch, and the second force had now readied tie port of disem bavrkation. The men and horses were -well. Local territorial training camps ?would'be carried on, thomgiion a.modified ..cale, and the elementary training would be as thorough as before. VERSES BY ÁFÁÜSTRAHAN. , The followirtg poems appear' in the Ü .^Westminster Gazette." They were writ "\,taa by Mrs. A. M. Bowyer-Rosman, sister \- of Mr. H. W. "Varley, of Adelaide. Mrs. * Rosman -was born in South Australia, but is residing in London at present. THE SEA'S TOLL. ' They sleep serenely by the northern shore, .Rocked in the arms of au the tides that go -Upon their ceaseless questings to and fro, Sighing a dirge for heroes. Evermore .Dawn shall salute them with his spears of ' gold, Sunset shall scatter roses where they lie, And young night steal star-crowned across the sky, To wrap them in her mantle, fold on fold. And we whose vigils wore the houts to day, Whose hungry eyes were keen for saiT or mast, Know that the bitterness of death is past; No footstep comes the old remembered way. " They sleep serenely! Ours to weep and wake; Set would we give them still, for Englands sake. AN AWAKENING. We heard it blown in the night Floating anear-afar, A silver note like a falling star, 'And I woke in a half-affright. But he said, "It can never be war Sleep on, dear heart, and rest, Our England is safe as a sheltered nest," And he drew my head to his breast. And I slept-to dream of a shattered night, And bugles blown for fight. I hear it now in the night, \- Floating anear- afar. A challenge flung to a baleful star, "'"Arm. England, arm for the right, . Strike for the things that are!" And alone in my desolate room I hear the rolling drums of doom And the marching feet in the gloom Ceaselessly-Right, left, right, left, right Will he lie on the field to-night? RED CROSS WORK. REPORT BY SIR FREDERICK TREVES. Lady Galway has received from. London a copy of Sir Frederick Trêves' report on his visit to the hospitals and other insti- tutions conducted, under the auspices of the British Red Cross Society at the front and elsewhere on the Continent: The value and efficiency of the British Red Cross work in Prance can be well gauged by a visit to the Stores Shed at Boulogne, by a ¿budy of the postings of the fleet of motor ambulances behind The 'British lines, and by the distribution <»î the surgeons, nurses, and orderlies who are in the employ of the joint committee. The Bed Cidss stores at Boulogne are contained in a vast building close to the town station. Here are disposed in the most perfect order some hundreds of tons of Bed Gross material of every possible kind, beds, and bedding, drugs, iiistruiuemta, aad uedical comforts, clothing, tobacco, screens, fire extinguishers, hospital appliances, lamps, laiives, spoons, cups, and* the infinite variety of articles which come under the heading of Bed Cross sup- plies. This immense store does in'mite credit ta Mr. Guise and his volunteer assistants. E is a model of efficency and the staff ure proud of the fact that any article requirod can be pro- duced in a moment, and can be despatched with- out an hour's dçlay, either day or night, on re- ceipt of a requisition. The prompt and never failing help provided .by this store is greatly ap- preciated by all those who are in charge of the sick and wounded in France. The fleet oí motor ambulances, provided by the society representa, ia my opinion, tíie most valuable service ever ren- dered to the .ton}- Medical ¡Department in the form of voluntary odd. These ambulances arc everywhere. The majority are working at the front in convoys of various sizes. They are per- fectly organisx-d and equipped, and are always at work. When they carne down wiUi patients they return with stores for the wounded. In the savinjr of life, in the lessening of suiicring, and in the hceuring of prompt surgical . treatment for thr» wounded, these ambulances have donc a work the' value of which can hardly be exaggerated, i In Boulogne a number of our ambulances stand ready night and day for.whatever transport may bo required. Almost'before the ambulance train from-tile-front has pulled up at the platform our orderlies are at work. I saw a full train discharged, and car. only 6ay that I have never ¡.OOM a convoy evacuated with such rapidity and precision. The wounded, who are taker, oil at once--to the wards or to the hospital ship, iully appreciate the value of this speedy transport, which is a revelation to those who have only seen horse or hand carriage in the removal of the sick. Fifty orderlies are engaged exclusively in this work at Boulogne. In addition lo the motor ambulances, the society has many other cars which are of great service in despatch work 'and tue conveyance of ¡roods; a large number of tlusc hive been lent to the society by generous owners. The chauffeur who was kind enough to drive me ti Le Tbuquet was Mr. Kcmicrley Rumford, the ?famous singT. Another driver of jmto is the vicar of a quiet country parish in England. Tlie most curious car I rode in was driven by a Bel- gian. It had once been very clemant, being a town car of fashionable type, but it is now the color of tire earth. It belonged to a gentleman at Lille, ?»ho lied from that town on the ap- proach of the Germans. His present whereabout« ie entirely unknown. In this flicht he left iris chauffeur, the Belgian, behind, but, whcii in dire course the chauffeur fled he very thoughtfully took the ear with him, and after many adventures reached Boulogne, and handed himself over to the British Bed Cross Society, in .whose employ he now is. He seemed little disturbed by the fact that he had ta^en the ear out without his master's leave., These motor ilrive« ure a9 curious a l.ody of men as were tlie "conductors" ia the .South African wir. A despatch rider on 1 motor cycle was pointed out to nie. He was working with distinction at the front, and had just come some 60 nales with a despatch. He »tis merely a bundle of rags, splashed with mud, and I was surprised to hear that he was a much respected Churcu of England curate. The personnel of the society is dispersed in miny directions. I have obtained a list of the surseoira and. nurses and of the places where ihey -are on duty. Many eurgeona are attached to the military and auxiliary hospitals, others are with motor convoys, others with trains or at rest statiat». A few aro with French troops. Of the orderlies 150 «re at Boulogne vof which number lifty-as already suited-arc with the Boulogne trans- port column. " ConsklcriiEr the vast number of people employed, it is a matter for congrutuWtion that so very few' have fjiled to give satisfaction. The St. John's orderlies are highly tpokm of, and ¡sp- a competent and reliable i>ody «.f iiim. I cuuuirwl a.: the Austrjlran hospita! at Wisurut !tow the St. .í.iiüi'í men, who CuinrK.se U.o malu subordinate staff, wer? <k,ing, ami do answer of the senior sunr-jon Aros "Splcudidlv." The V.A.Ü. Food Station.-Atrachcd to the Boulogne town station a British Red Cross voluntary ' aid deta2uni''nt is "outspannod.-" It consist? of 17 women, 10 wen, and three iully rrained hospital nurses. The "outiit" consists of seven railway wagcras plac-id on a siding pro- J "vided with a platform. The first waggon is u, storeroom, and is most admirably fitted up. The second forms the statf-room and -lining-room. Is well furnished wiih improvised cupbiavds, has I a stove, and is made moss comfortable. The I third is a dispensing store where supplier are i given out. The fourth is a surgery equipped i with dressings, medicines, medical e-omforts. aixl ill the nec^su-ies f.>r an emergency dressing s»:a- j tion. It has a good stove ami au oilcloth covered . floor. Here tlie nurses work two on day duty ! and one at nichf. Hot water ii kept going niglit j ami daj-. Tlie three remaining tracks provide j a Michell, a barrack for the women orderlies, and i barrack for the men respectively. I csiuiofc j speak too highly oí this station. Kviry detail has] K-cii worked out with the greatest care, the equipment is excellent, and t'v crdiT and me- j thod observed arc worthy of the highest praise. | It is businesslike, practical, and unobtrusive. Emergency drcMngs are applied by the nurses and a hundred little sen-ices rendered to wounded men arriving by train which a =ood nurse alone .jan render. T!ie wounded jiassiiig through ate supi.licd with cooja, tea. soup, treat!, and butter, liacon, chocolates, and cigarettes, and with oti.er luxuries when the supplies allow. The largest numb«: of wounded fed on one day by this ex- cellent corps was 2,300, while ihe .total number ministered to in live weeks amounts to about 20,000. This is a fine piece of Rod Cross wot!;, inexpensively administered, and the very greatest boon to the poor fellows who reach the basa after a long and exhausting jouniev. Voluntary Hospital?.--There are 17 hospitals in or about Bologne, of which 10 are regular mili- tary hospitals, and seven voluntary hospiUls under military control. The number of beds amounts to thousands. This number has been needed, for Colonel Lynden Bell, A.D.M.S., tells me lliat from October lo to December 11 the number of wounded arriving tit Boulogne was very great. . lue cffuencv of ih<_ voluntan hocçntal depends upon li) til suitabihtv of *ho building for hospital pn-noscs (') the qualineatloiis o£ tilt semor me<l val officer an 1 matron ind l8) the freedom from lav urtern-rence vpplyinK thc-e criteria to the hospitals m question, I would venture to j-ve the fu^t place to the Duchess of \\\ rttminstcr''! Hospital at Le Touquct ruis hos pital oocup es the lamons casino of ti« place, i budding ?îiiiguLirlv well suited lor hospital purposes It contains 2"0 beda Tne medical officer in charge is Major Gordon Watson, a. sound ad-nmiatrator who lias made the mo»t of the experience he cined m tin South African war \inong the stat' ire two Lntisn Bed Cross sur -, on» ouJ eight nur»t» sent out bv the socia v The nunn use rooms of the casino p'ovido cvccl lint wards, weil lit, well ventilated , and well -am ed Tilt battant room uiAos a splendid «ard, ard s nom» the vvcr^e for tkc fact that tile baccarat tables j»-c -still piletl up at Qu'- end cf t The Vmericau bar of the casino is the diápcnsirv while the well kept linen store occupies the room in which the Tango was tau. ht a fact made manifest by the lantaatic dancing pictures on the wall. An admirable X-ray room has been fashioned out of a garden store V'se, whilp the dark-roam is a large bathing machine -which lias been brought up from the beach to fill this unwonted office. The operat- ing theatre occupies the fencing saloon and the racks for foils have been put lo other purposes. This theatre is one of the best in the whole district. Tne hospital is well found, and has gained a high reputation for good work. The Allied Forces Hospital is ' at the Hotel Christo!, Boulogne, an hotel very familiar io tra- vellers passing through the town. It is under the charge of Major Ernest Miles, who has with him a strone; stuff., The total number of beds is 1S9. At the time of my visit the hospital contained as patients -Î3. officers and 45 men. The hospital has "throughout been largely occupied ty wounded Brib'sh officers. The building adapts itself well to its present purpose. The main ward is the diráng-room of the hotel. The lotel vvTÎting- rocm is the X-ray room, while the staff mess-room occupies the proprietor's privat» room. There are numcrotiä little wards upstairs, and spong them an excellent and very well equipped operating theatre. There is a vided wiü» a pl-oiform. The firsè waggon is a large btaff of fully-trained nurses personally se- lected by Major Miles. The whole hospital affords evidence of careful administration, and is in all particulars well equipped. Of the various voluntary hospitals at Wïmernx, the best is the Anglo-American Hospital, usually known ¡is Lady Haüficld's Hospital. It occupies the Hotel des Bains in. the main street. The medical oflicer-in-charge is Major Armstrong, I.M.S., who has snown himself to bo á gemías in improvisation and in adapting the building to its present purpose. Tiere are four rme'ieal olficers and four drossers. The hospital has "the advantage of the servies - of Mr. Lett, from the surgical stall of ,ijie London Hospital. Tlie 30 orderlies and the Ï0 nurvs-jre all supplied by the St. John Amaulaiica Association. Tac chief ward is in ' tau dining-room and restaurant of the hotel. It makta a line ward. The ex- cellent .equipment and the very bright bedcovers make the wards (if tiiis hospital peculiarly cheery. They are all well J'i and all specially ventilated. The thoatr: is cxc^llini and well appointed, am! is in charge of. toe theatre siste.- livni the Louden Hospital. Trie .íospifal tun provide 100 bed?, and well deS'TV'-s its fi'feli reputation. The British Hospital occupies the Hotel Be*le Vue at. Wiraeroux. It has 102 beds. The build- ing is not very well adapted "for a hospital, although the best ' has been done willi it. It has a very perfect X-ray department ia an ad- joining hous<:. The .Vustralian Hopitnl is cstablislicd at tho Golf Hotel, Wimcreux, and lus ai present 100 beds. The ' building is close U» tlie sea, and lmieh exposed to the weather, so exposed that many windows facing the Channel have been actually blown in. The chief surgtxm is Colonel llames, who has worked with great enthusiasm. There are nine surgeons on the staff, all of whom are Australians. Ail the nurses ¡ire from Aus- tralia. The orderlies are provided by the St. John Ambu-lauee Association. "The principal ward is the dining-room erf the hotel, and! is in every way well suited for ita purpose. ' Upstairs there are many small rooms, but theve are ren- dered more workable as wards by tlie simple expedient of removing all Uic doors. Certain alterations in hand have been delayed owing to the difficulty of obtaining laiwr. The operating room is in "the v craniUh. It is well equipped, as is also the X-ray department. The Women's Hospital Corps Hospital is es- tablished in a large \illa ¡n Wimcretrc It ia under the charge of Miss Garrett Anderson, M.D. It is worked. entirely by lady - doc-tors, and has in all C5 beds. Tlie wards are clxer- ' ful, tidy, and well provided. The' theatre is not very fommutely placed, but the villa afforded !K> ether room than that selected-by the ladies. There is a -nice garden to the hoiîse. The- work of the hospital-which is full of patients- is car. ried on with great earnestness and enthusiasm. til.» fV.,,,i;.," ITr.c.v.-t.,! n^ rl,o Hrtlf Hntpl Le me v^anaoi-in iio^pii-ii u me uuu iu«.e , Touquct I vus unable to visit for want time Cil-us-TV Baltic IlcetntaJ -This hospital is sniialfd ia i large girls «chool on the out skirts t»f the to*-n, and is devoted sclelv to Bclgnn sold cr« It contains 10-j beti Incr» is alao an irnexe for cutenc casts, vvljch con taina 20 bed? On tne cav of uij visit there wen. oi patients in the hos'i'al and 17 ¡sues of enteric in the aniiev«1 All the pabenu arc Bi gnu soldiers The hospital is rationed bv Hie Bellum armv Hie surgeon in charge is *Xijor Stedman TVrc an» two other «urgeois apoomtcH' bf the Bn ish Bed cross Societv, ard tv -> b. tin St John \mbulancc Xssooiation. Thc-e ar" b" nur** and _a crdcrliei appimtal bv tee joint committee llie Baltic Hospital I is al o a clearing hospital -it the iailwav-sui tion -wi 1 11 motor ainbalancea The builoang occupied by the main hospital is well 6int».-U l a- tlie purpose fhc donutoriis make excel luit wurd , light, warm, and well ventilated 1 tere is a ve-v good opcratiu ' tlnaiiv The irowral equipment ti the li3->pitil ia "ood H\ icpt i. Ai h nur«1» all the j TaSiuicl is hoiricd in tin hcej wal Hare htivc been great ùoublcs v*ith the drains, but the« and many oom did! culues Major i*tcdman ha» eio-niaunUJ with mo=i praiaeworiihy suece«--. The aospital is a good one, and ia do'ng splendid work. Enteric iev«r is apparently not increasing It is reported thai there are only 200 to -o0 enscs of tjplioid among the Belgiar soldiers iii the whole of Calais T(i new case» are coming in at the rate of about ten a dav Dunkerque and Fumes-Pr Hector Munro uoing work worth ot enoouragcmint His partv is stationed at r-urne*, and consists of înmscïf, one Other surgeon, 20 orderlies, and chauffeur»-, and four nurna Ile has nine ambulances end f\e cars, the forma being provided by üie Bn tish Bed Cris-, Society Tins unie work» with tne Bclgiin troops ind brings in woun led inm the lines to whatever point the convoy i» directed. There are no beds associated with this unit, and ¡the peraonnei live in the town of Fumes. In times of pressure the ambulances have brought in 200 to 250 wounded in a day. The so-called Quaker Hospital I was unable to visit, but received information about it froiu IXr. Munro. The hospital is situated tro the outskirts of the town of Ypres, and is irequcnUy exposed to shell fire. It ministers to the sick and ' wounded refugees from the town, and is currying out a most heroic work. Tlie party, I understand, consists of two surgeons and number of orderlies. The nursing is undertaken by re-fugee nuns from Ypres. The hospital ha? five ambulances. But for the help o* this ad- vanced htispüal the people from Ypres would bo witliout medical and surgical aid. Tlie British Hospital at Fumes 1ms passed through many vicisitudes, but is now well ? tablished and in excellent order. It deals solely with Belgian wounded. The cliief medical officer is Mr. Souttar, of the London Hospital. He "has with him six surgeons, 23 fully trained nurse.?, two orderlies, and three drivers. The hospital occupies a iTesuiï College, and has SO beds. Tha w-irds are large, well lit, wanned, and venti- lated. The equipment is light, but very good. A light equipment is nece.=sary, as Furncs is fre- quently shelled and a rapid evacuation at a mo- ment's notice is always before tlie mind of Mr. Souttar. There is a fine operating theatre, well pro"ided for. Very valuable, surgical work has been c'onc by it . Tue hospital lias its own laundry and the whole of the personnel is lodged in the tibíeles in Ure upper stories oí the building. In the main ward-a fine hall is a little boy. in a bed very much too big for him. He is a refugee from Ypres. In one of the roanny attacks upon that unfortunate place his foot wns smashed by a shell, and, as a re- sult, the limb has liad to he amputated. He is doing well. TVIíat has happened to his parents is not known. Ho is probably alone in the , world. In a basket on the floor, by the child's bed, ia another refugee from Ypres-a puppy of very indefinite breed. He was, probably thrown I by some compa-ssionate soul into a cart which wa? living in haste from the burning town. He j's little more than a round "woolly ball- woolly hy reason of his extreme youth, and round as the result of persistent over-rationing. It is a curious picture; the whitewashed refectory full of gravely wounded men, some still groaning with pain, eome nearincr death, with, high upon the waH, a kindly statue of the Virgin looking down upon *he scene, and, in ihr centre oi the room near the stove, the ridiculous puppy and the one-legged boy. FRENCH SOLDIER PRIESTS. M. IMiturico Buitcs, one -of the most in- fluential men in Prance, lias done more than any to newe the soul of his country-1 men for "the day eli trial. In his latest j article, "The Song: ol' the'Brave Races," in the "Kcho de Paris," he refers to the young priests who az» going forth, so courageously to wounds and deiath. The ancient and close friendship between j France and Scotland, is renewed hy these j gallant offers on tile part of the clergy of both nations, many of whom arc eager to fight in ,the ranlw as privates. "When the time comes,"' says ^Maurice !Barres, "to recount the deeds of this war of deliver- ance the priests wiE wish to tell how the religious soul of France "was delivered. And we shall listen to thom with prodigious in- terest. Do not tell us only of the chap- lains who arc authorised to exercise thor ministry With the annies, we shall say to them, tell us- also about the curates, the monks, the eceJcsiastics o£ every order, who mingled with the rants; for one of tlie chief characteristics and one of the most striking beauties of our armies of 1014 iws been the appearance in their midst of the soldier-priest." ' M. Barres, adds that the position of young priests who were excluded from, the anny would be "impossible to-day in env villages. They vould die of chagrin." ¿I. Barres recognises that there are some wars "in which those whose business in the world is to help in setting up the Kingdom of God could not. and should not, take part." ''But the servant of Christ is in his right place amid the defenders of civilisation when humanity ha«* been nailed to the cross by thv Ulilons from beyond the Rhine." This war is not a brilliant anti dashing African campaign: it is "a great and sorrowful work." A pathetic pic- ture is given of the soldiers* life in the trenclics and 'the sufferings the gay letters from the front vainly attempt to conceal. "Among you. brave friends^ the priest is not out of place, nor does- be- compromiso his sacred character." "THE SWEET TJITEE MAX-.** The first portion of the .following poem by Oliver Yandell Holmes, was published in "The Advertiser"' of January 13. Wc now, by request, print the poem in ita entirety: All the brave boya nnder canva3 are sleeping, All of thern pressing to march with, the van, I Far from the home where their sweet- hearts are -weeping; What are you. waiting for, sweet little man'' Yon with the terrible warlike monstach.es, Fit for a colonel or chief of a clan; You with the waist made for swordbclts and Bashes, Where are your shoulder-straps, sweet little man? Bring him the bnttonlcss garment of woman ! Cover his face lest it freckle and tan; Alnster the Apron-String Guards on tire Common, That is the corps for the sweet little mau! Give him for escort a file of young misses. Each of them armed with a deadly rat- tan: They shall defend him from laughter and hisses, Aimed by low boys at the sweet little man- . ' All the fair maidens abont bim shall clus- ter, Pluck tlie white feathers from bonnet and fan, Make him a pirrare like a tnrkey-vrânged duster, That is the crest for the sweet little nran! Oh, but the Apron String Guards are the fellows! Drilling each day since our troubles began- .-.. _ .. "Handle your walking-sticks'." "Shoulder umbrellas!" * I That is the style for the sweet little man! l\ Have we a nation to save? In the first I place Saving ourselves is a sensible plan; Surely the spot where there's shooting's the worst place Where I can stand, says -the sweet little man. - - * * » * Such vvas the stuff of the Malafaoff takers, Such were the soldiers that scaled the Redan ; Truculent housemaida and bloodthirsty Quakers, Brave not the wrath of the sweet little man! * * * * Yield him the sidewalk, ye nursery maidens! Sauve oui peut! Bridget, and rightabout! Ann Fierce as a shark in a school of men- hadens, Seo liim advancing, the sweet little man! * * * * When the brown soldiers -come back from the borders, How will he look while his features they scan? How will he feel when he sets marching orders, Signed by his lady love, sweet little niau? * * * * Now thon, nine cheers for the Stay-at Home Banger! Blow the great fish-horn and beat the big pan! First in the field that is farthest from danger, Take your white-feather plume, sweet little man! ENGLAND UNDAUNTED. TENNJS PLAYEtt CHANGES HIS GAME. Melbourne, February 2. In a letter received by this'week's mail Mr. A. W. Dunlop, of the Australasian Davis Cup team, writes from London: "Everyone does something for the war here. I have joined the central committee for national patriotic organisations. We work from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. instructing public opinion throughout the country and laying before neutral countries a clear statement of the British case with respect to the causes and objects of the war. I am also enrolled a-s a special constable, and have to do duty three nights a week from 10 p.m. to 2 a.m- in cold and wet round Westminster. London is absolutely mar- vellous in these times of strife and stress. ISo club or hotel sell liquor after 10 p.m., and very few people ave out late at night. Stanley Dou-t has just passed au exami- nation to drive a car for the commissariat department at the front. FroiUhcim and Kreitzcr, who played for Germany against its in the Davis Cup match in America, are both -prisoners at Gibraltar, and hil in all day playing tennis. Tlie -work involved in organising in connection with the different branches of this national patriotic move- ment is terrifie. We buck iu luce mad all day, and every day I dream of war and of books on war. One is brought very closely in touch with the sad results of the war here. The number of people in mourning for relatives killed in action is awful, but there is no sign of dissension, no weaken- ing or wavering in our public spirit, no matter how great the hardship or how severe or long the continued sacrifices en- tailed by the prosecution of the war.'' MEAT SUPPLY" FOR D1PERIAL USES. Brisbane, 'February 2. With reference to the proclamation ex- tending to August 1 nest the operations of the Meat Supply for Imperial Use3 Act of 1914, Mr. Denham, the Premier, to- night stated he had received a cable mesease from the Imperial Government espresang appreciation of the manner in which the Queensland Government had dealt with the question of meat supply. Measures have now been taken which will have the effect of ensuring that shipments of meat shall arrive at the lowest possible increase of cost. Two days ago Mr. Denham received a cablegram stating that the President of the British Board of Trade advised that the conditions made it necessary for the British Government to take advantage of our Act of 1914, and requested the Queen land Government to assume control of all meat vyorks in this State. Mr. Denham tooday met the managers of the varions meat works and discussed the scheme with them. He will meet them again to-mor- row and go into the matter of details. Ali meat for export will be under Government control as to prices and destination. Inci- dentally he remarked that ¡o-al consumers would, to some extent, benefit by the ar- rangement. He said he had submitted tiro or three alternative schemes to the meat company, each scheme entaiïïcç Go- vernment control as to prices and export. WAR FUNDS. The s-tibscriptions acknowledged below have been received by the couunittees of the funds mentioned: MAYOR'S PATMOTÎO FUND, Casnalty Reserve,-Previously acknowledged, £20,075 6/. Current Relief.--Previously acknowledged, £10,208 1/-2; forwood Baptist Church, £13 2/; cyclists' fund, £16 9/0; motorists1 tuna, £76 10/0; Thevenard Athletic Club, £01;; Loxton district relief commit lee, £1 2/; Elliston dis- trict fund (4th), 6/; officers South Australian Kailway Departments (monthly), £301 15/2; to- tal, ¿103» 7/20; total of fund, £51>,J7ü 13/10. BEOLGIAN ËËÎIEF FUim LADY GAL-WAVS APPEAL. VreTiou'Iy acknowledged, £H,S26 11/9; per J. O. Colebatch-proceeds farewell concert to nine Saddleworth volunteers. £10 l-l; J. n. Freist, £l 1/-, W. S. Heaslip, £1 1/-£1S 3/4; per Loxton committee Belgian Fund-O. liseTbach, £1 1/; V. H. Schütze, 2/«; F. McMillan, 2/; J. A. Lyons, "/-£1 7/S; Penrice; Synday- sehool. 5/Ô result of an effort at Bern, oreanired by 3trs. L. Pea- cock, £13 ia/; Peter iLcRicnan, £6; per Mr. Yeomans (St. S'mian's Church, Prospect), £3; Happy Valley Congregational Church, £4 4/G; children of Lovedav ¡¿hool, 10/: Vi. R. and II. .V. Lewis, £1 10/: E.J. (4th contribution), S/l: I total, £14.377 10/11. I The Mayores«' Belgian Fund. Porfc Adelaide. Collected by Mr. Sammy Lunn.-Aitrcunt pre i viously acknowledged, £44 15,r. Alberton Bap- tist Pirmary "Tots." 6/; Dicky, 1/; collected by S. Lunn on holklay, £3 l/.>; steam«: Florae (6th in»talment), £1 0/7; total, £!S S'. Cyclists' Fund.-H. B. Gogler. £S; A. Faulk- ner, £1 17/; A. E. Vemtirg, £1 4/;'M. Goode, £3 13/6; M. Morey, "2/S; Horner Bros., 2>0; I C. K. Hinslcy, 5/-, .E. B. Faulkner, £1; P. J, t 'Williams, 10/; F. A. Johnson, IO/; Hammer ? Bros., 10/C; Q. B. Liebelt, 5/; Victor Motor ' Works, ö/; !.'. B. Puckridge, £1 S/; B. B. I Woolston, 0/0; H. T. Backer, H>/: H. A. Bett'!, ' 5/; -A. E. Bell, IS/;' TV. IL McKenzie, S/-, El . liott Bros., &/; B. M. Dixon, 5/; total, £22 . Í/Ü. Motorists' Fund.-T. Ketter, £3 3/; II. J. L. 1 Goldsworthy, £1; Mrs. Goldsworthy, £1; John Lane, £1 I/; A. Me.Coürt, £X If; Vi. Wood- roofe, £1; A. C. Myers. «/; K .Iellett, C1 V, J. IL Reid, £1 if, F. Leo, 5,'; A. Goode, £1; \V. Bond, £1; J. Jj. Avery, £3 5/; E. G. Hubble, 2/8; R. L. KzezkowEki, £1; Mrs. E. D. Thomas, £11/; J. J. Taylor, 10/; A. IL Ful larton, 10/fi; F. H. Jericlio, £1; II. X Pitcher, £1; F. Flicker, £1 If; John Moore, £5 5/; W. .T. Laue, £1 lM S. G. K. Smith, 10/; I W. H. Dav, 10/; T."Wcnzel, 2/6; E. Champion, 5/; E. V. Robertson',* £3; S. A. *Vhite, £1 1.;' J* C. Cunningham, ''£5; C. 'Webb, £1 1/; J. H. "Webb, £0. 1/; aV*L Evans, £1; C. Stacey, £1 1/; C. Tiller, 10/; T. H. "Williams, £1; It It» Eevnes, £1; Gï A. 4: G. G. Winkler, £2; C. IL Kroemer, 2/0; It. O. Ilobinson, 5/; H. Smith Teesdale, £5;"H. L. Hancock, 10/6; 1". and R. Kirkland, 10/6; F. H. Ränder, 2/G; K. A. Miller, £1; S. March, £3; J. It. McGregor, £1 1/-, H. -W. H. Tracy, £5; F. Merritt, 5/; T. E- Stacy, £1 1/; A. G. Day, £.1; ,\\. L. A. Wehr, 10/; E. E. Hamdorf, £t 1/; IL Lawry, 10/0; J. Varley, £1 1/; K. J. Haine?, 10/; M. Dobbie, £1 3/0; M. 'Packer, 10/; J. Par- ker, 10/; Vi. IL Kennedy, £1 1/3; vy. Diener, G/; J. it. Poisden, '£1 7/; W. äimpson, £3 15/8; *V. H. Davey, £1 4/-1; K. Solly, £1 1/; N. A. Webb, £1 1/; S. Hanns, 2/; H. II. Nicholls, 10'; A. J." Humberstone, £1 1/; Pen- glase k Rose, 10/; J. II. Gilbert, £ü; V. Jack- son, £1; Lock k ¡Freeman, £1 ?/; Gard Bros., £2 2/; S. nancarrow, 5/; C. Wolr-Dempc, 5/; IL A. Behrens, 2/3; A. & A. Hersey, £2 2/8; £. E. Eglinton, 7/6; D. AV. Brue.-«, 16/4; 11. Bridecake, 2/; T. B. Ragless, 5/ß; Behrens and Marshall, 5/1; total, £94 6/. The above two funds have handed 25 per cent, ot the total to the Bed Cross Fund, and 75 per cent, to the Mayor's Patriotic Fund. The executive committee of the Mayor's Pa- triotic fund desire to acknowledge with thanks S24 dozen whiting, sent by Messrs. A. k F. Frins dorf, of Kangaroo Island, througli the manager o£. the Central Fish Market. A FAIR AT MARIOS. The junior, classes of the Marlon Sumlay-school, under the supervision oi Mrs. S. D. Duff, arranged a lair in oiil of the Belgians, vvirhih was opened recently by Mrs. Freebairn. The girls wore patriotic costumes, while the boys wore belts and tics of the colors of tlie Belgium flag. About £20 was realised. BRITISH RED CROSS SOCIETY. Previously acknowledged, £14,246 15/10; Mrs. J. Donnell, St. Peters, £1; Bobe hrauch (per Mrs. P. Wyllie), £G 13/0; Murray Bridge branch (per Sirs. F. S. Rogers), £0; collected from officers of the Instructional Camp at Brighton Lieutenant Krome, Lieutenant Hughes, Lieutenant Gcpp, Lieutenant norville, Lieutenant Fowler, Lieutenant -Rostron, Lieutenant Peters, Lieuten- ant iloule, Lieutenant Dodson, Lieutenant Ghuz, .Lieutenant Stein, Lieutenant Davies, each 5/ (per If. W. Davies), £S; total, £U,2ôû U/7. MOTOR AMBULANCE FUND. In connection with the purchase of a Wattle Day League motor ambulance, a special meet- ing will be held to-ni¡rht at 8 o'clock in the Pub- lic Library Lecture-hall. Patriotic speeches will be delivered bv the Federal and State president flfr. 'Vi. 3. Sowden), Sir Josiah Symon, Rev. T. Tait, M.A.. B.D., and Mr. U. R. Gelston, cliief president of the A.N.A. An appeal for tlie co- operation of members and friends will be made bv the hon. organiser (Mrs. Jeanne F. Young), who will ou.line the work undertaken. Concert« and continentals are being arranged in the suburbs and country, and a croquet gymkhana, the ar- rangements for which are in the hands ot Mrs. Wallington, is expected to reap a harvest of revenue for the fund. A ladies' committee, with power to add, consisting of Lady Butler, .Mesdames Briggs, De Passey, Miell, Robinson, Trc-.vei-ach, li. B. Robson, R. M. Goonan, A. S<"iger, Crawford Vaughan, Wallington, Torode, and Burford, and Misses Humphris, Coombs, Tay- lor, and Schlank, has undertaken the entire control of the arrangements for afternoon tea, cool drinks, ice cream, find sweets stall. The following dona- tions have been promised or received:-Mr. J. E. Silver, £5 o/; Sir Josiah Svmon. £10; Mr. G. E. Kreusler, 10/; collected by Mrs. R, M. Goonan, £1; total, £16 15/. WOMEN'S EMERGENCY COUPS. DüCflEcS OF MAHLBOROUGH'S APPEAL. Response.".£0 5 0 EXPOB.T OF SKINS AND HIDES. At a meeting of the Hindmarsh Town Council on Tuesday evening it was resolved-"That letter be forwarded to the Federal Government, rcspec'uully asking that the exportation oi sheepskins and hide* in their raw state and leather be absolutely prohibited to mil countries other tuan our Allica', and that this resolution be .tut to the State Government, asking for ita ju riueiice in the above direction." Councillor Mcinnes, the mover, said since the inception of the tanning industry in this State it had bein ccntTCd at Hindmarsh or on Wie banks of the River lurrcns. As j ears rolled on the trcitmcnt oi shmpskms, taking the wool off and tanning the pcLs into basils, had gradually di», appeared 'Hits was due princually to the opc rtaois of oversea bujers, »ho practical!} did no thing but dry and pack skins for export to coun tr.es where cheaper labor, m which men, women and children were tng-igcd, and longer hours pre- vailed, and the conditions of lue were Buch as would bp abhorrent in Australia- It waa re grfttanle that more skins were not dc.vocflled in South AujtriUa and the pelts caavtrtud into bu-Us. At present they wert faced with a na- tional cr-sis. In October last, at a meeting of tilt Viderai Executive Council, proclamations were asjiied prohbiting the export from Au-trolia of the«, p kins and ludt-3 except by pe-rmi-saon of tlie Minis cr of Customs For the five ¿tars from 1007 to 1U1- the value of sheepskins with w ool exported from the Commonwealth was tb.álJ.Wá Of tina amount Germany took £73,á95, and the Luitcd States irU^Sl. Since the outbreak of war extensive purohases of sheepskins with wool had been made throughout vustralia on account of merchants in the United States, but as such "rail sitters" were not to be trusted in their n creasing interest in Australian raw material, the ultimate detonation of such purchases was questionable, in fact, there was a very strong htismuou that Germany was being supplied b\ An erica and neutral Commentai ports. During the same period of five years the value of hides exported trom Australia was ±»2,778,011, the United States taking £¿11,261 lu the 12 months ending June 30 lost, America took 70,bö2 hides, Or 5,'JOi hiues per month, whereas during the wontlis of December, 1914, and Januarv, 1015, the eame countrv had taken ¿2.U2S hides. This re presented an increase in trade of 86 per cent, with America. Apart from patriotic feelings, which predominated in the present crisis, it vras strongly felt that the exportation of hides tu touuvries other than tho¡e of the Allies should íc prohibited, as the present indications were Uiat ire long Australian tanneries would not hut sufficient raw material to keep them fully goui" Councillor Online thought the matter was out side the prouuee of the council, and the mein bers would be better employed in dealing with local affairs He opposed the moUon on that ground. With the exception of Councillor Guthrie, all the members voted in-favor ot- theJnotioa. 