CURRENT COMMENT. The latest epidemic which «eems to have broken out appear^ to be the disease of ? eockitis, the symptoms of which, are tie carrying about of glinting steel daggers and, untold lengths of wool. Antonio has been stricken. Da lady from alia da suburb Oome in by da tram what i£ fuQ, And wava da pain da needle Wid balla da muttony wool. Some clad in da plain sorta fashion, And some in da latest cut ftpek. Both kind for da soldier get Tjutv, And alia dem knitta. -3a sock. So tootsies ol Tommies be cost, Ole lady and pretty young girl Toil bard xrid da quick£tty fingers And work at da plain an' da purL All over da country and city Grey hair and da goldero- lock Broil over da hands Trot are 1-ufv At knitta da woolleny cock. Da miesns Ae buya da needle And mile and da balla da wool. She work all da day like da dickens. I sbout out, 'Tou taka da poll.' I langh at da first ot her hoseE, - By gosh; now I lost da block. And Etarta. myself like da blazes To knitta da soldier da sock. All day back behind* de counter When dull in da chop is da biz, I try to make feet- wrap for soldier, But gctta ma brain in da whizz. Betweena da customer wiring Prom eigbta eleven o'clock, » I Eticka da need' in da finger And knitta .da bonzer warm sock. I open da oysf wid da needle, I tangle da wool rauad -3s czar. It tnaka da mess of da bizness, But still I get jollr and gay. Between* da sales at da counter Of Lincoln of Syda da Bock, I work like da overtime factory At maka da wonderful sock. — AKTOSaO DI SEBEE. ? ? ? In these degenerate deye, wSen the ma jority of parents are inclined to resent the infliction of corporal pukialrment upon their offspring, even at the hands of those possessing authority, it is refreshing to read that a. schoolmistress in charge of a country school recently received the fol lowing letter from, the mother of one of her pupils: — ^1-ear Miss— You -writ me about whippin' Tommy. I hereby give yon permission to beat him enny time it is necessary to lern his lessens. He is quite like his father; you bave to lern him with a dub. Pound nolodge into him. I want him to get it, and don't pay no attention to what his father says. FH handle him.'' That was plain and to the point, anyhow, though neither Tommy nor his dad might relish the treatment in store for them. ? ? ? A Queensland Judge, while har.-ily cri ticieing the character of some of the immi grants that found their way into that State, eaid they were capable of stealing anything except 'a circular «air in motion, or a redhot stove.' But the cases which moved His Honor to such strong com ments were mild compared with the achievements of a band of 'kaltured' thieves in Halle, Germany. Incredible though it may seem, they made awav with an entire building, a three-storeyed dwel ling house. By inheritance the dwelling had passed into the Lands of a resident of Berlin, who left it untenanted for a time. When he went to Halle to view hie pro perty no trace of it could be found. An investigation resulted in the discovery that an individual named Franz Block, who re represented himself as acting for a firm of house builders, had with sublime impu dence applied for and obtained the neces sary permit from the local authorities to pull the house down. Aided by accom plices, he had erected a hoarding round the property and carted the house away piecemeal, leaving not one stone upon ano ther. The chief culprit has been caught, but the others concerned in this novel en terprise are ©till at large or eke killed by the Allies. The wife of General Metziflger, a dia aguished French officer, -whose eon, a. ;aptain in the army, wae recently wound ed, wae travelling from Switzerland to Lorraine. She overheard a. conversation jetween two German officers daring a rain storm. One said, 'Oh, I left my um brella, in an hotel in Paris.' The other replied, '^Kever mind; you will be abie to go and get it next week.' 'P*ajv' interrupted Madame Metzinger, 'do not put yourself to any such trouble. Me K-n, who is captain in the French Arm-% trill undertake to bring it to Berlin him self.' ? ? « A gallant soldier at the Exhibition Building luncheon to-day was doinr ample justice to the excellent spread provided. 'I am glad to see that you have an ex cellent appetite,' said one of the lady attendants to him. 'Yea, tiiank you, miss,' replied the warrior. 'I eat well, iou see, I've been practising all my life.' « s « Humorists, like prophets, often get little honour in. their own country. And, email as their need of honour ie, they frequently get even less in the way of cash. Aa with the individuals, so with the channels through which they seek to infuse a little sunshine and laughter into 4 dreary world. The comic paper of to-day nnds ite 'way; into the dustbin to-morrow, and the 'jokes and quips of its contributors are buried beneath the debris and forgotten. If they do come to light again it is mostly when Borne scribbler, in search of copy, resur rects them to once more enjoy a little period of evanescent popularity. But* the comic paper is not always unappreciated. A noted instance of this is just reported from Italy, where the late Marchioness Isabella Cucini, of Pavia.'has lelt a legacy of £600 to a. local comic paper, to widen. she had been a life-long subscriber. The deceased's will also directed that £60, is. addition, should be epent oh a. sumptuous banquet;, at which the staff of the paper should be entertained, 'in recognition,' so the wiH reads, 'of the many pleasant hours epent in perusing its humorous columns.' ' l-ucky humorists! Luckr paper! # # # 'Improper feeding' was the verdict re turned at a recent inquest upon the body ot a child seven weeks old. The medical officer remarked upon the' frequency of such cases in New South Wales, and the Coroner emphasised the need of adequate instruction to mothers in the upbringing of children. Learned societies, he eaid, whined about the degeneration of the race, but there was as good life coming into the world as ever. The proper rearing of children, however, seemed to have be come a lost art, and the sooner it was taught again the better. The jury fe coinmended that young mothers should bo instructed, but the exact course of instruc tion was not mapped out. However, the recommendation recalls the story of a young nurse who bad the teaieritj- to point out to a married woman with whom she came in contact that the food she was giving her child was entirely nn s-iited for infantile stomachs. 'Oh, you can't teach me anything about children.' was the retort; 'I've buried five.oS them!' ? ? ? So often in peace times e. model for the bigger nations (oys the 'Daily News'), Denmark is living quietly in a backwater of neutrality nest to her unhappy neigh-* bour, German}', and she is' awaiting tbs final earring up of the map with com posure. Her senss of neutrality is ' ea strict that she will not permit the waving in public places of any national emblem' but her own little white crossed flag, tit Dannebrog. But in this land where there is no outward trace of war there came m few days ago the sound of 'TSpperary.'- I am told that the civic heads met and! doscussed it privately, and a sort of un written decree went forth in Copenhagen that, being the National Anthem of one of tiie warring Powexe. it must not 1m sung in, music haUe or theatres, and smali boys inxsM. not be encouraged to whist-la it in the etreets. 'All light,' eaid th« Banish citizens, 'we will observe that dex cree. but a tune by any other name will sound as sweet.' Remote in' the Danish farm country, on the island of Zeeknd, there is a hamlet consisting of one or two cottages and an inn, called Tappenoie. It is hidden, in a land of legend like Tippe rary, though it is perhaps not eo beautiful. But what Tipperary is to the British pa* tion Tappenoje is now to the panes. Be fore the war. as far as I can discover, tha fair name of this haintet was 'used as a derisive exclamation. When a Dane want ed to be rude to another Dane he said, 'Oh! go to Teppenoje/' as one might eay to Timbuctoo. Then e. remarkable dis covery was made by a Danish song writer, Mr. Alfred Kjeralf. 'Tappe,' roughly, translated, meant a draught of wine from the wood, and 'noje' meant '?satisfied.'*- So instead of singing Tipperary in accord ance with the civic decree, the Danes have substituted 'Der er lang, lang, Vej til Tappenoje.' which means, not too lite' rally translated, 'It is long, long way be fore you sip the wine oC victory! * 'Jens.' a Danish soldier, is supposed to sing the song. ItT6 about littte Maren, a peasant girl, whom he is bidding good-bye before 10 p.m., the hour be has to be 'in barracks at Tappenoje. a place of some military importance under the Danish pap tial mobilisation order. He sint$:-= It's a. long, long way to Tappeaoje. But I have to harry, my girl. For I have to be in bed by ten o'clock. Or there'll be the devil to pay; Good-bre, Little Haren, wipe away Tour tears, It's a lone, long way to Tappeaoje, But that is my way home! 