The Britisb People. How Man; Races ? lit is tolerably certain, that the British islands once formed a part of the main land of the continent of Europe. Mow the Kaiser must wish that such might he the case to-day. Also it is tolerably certain .that the original human inhabitants of tho British islands were cave-dwellers. In England occasionally, even to-day, may be seen here and there an individual suggesting a descent from those . same cavo-dwcllers. Sir. John-Munro, in his admirable . little book, : "The Story of tho British Race," says : During ">tho "Great Ice Age, the region / of the British Isles was as ' desolate as Greenland or Spitsbergen is to-(lay. After a. time, as wo know, the weather became more genial, and most of the ice melted away, but ere it was all gone the land which had been higlierOt-han it is now, Sank from 600 to 11,000 feet below its present level." All agree, however, that after the Great Ice Age, when the climate was milder and Britain was again joined to the continent, palaeolithic men took up their nbodc there. Remains of them are found iu the alluvium of rivers, in the. south of England, and in caves of Yorkshire and Derbyshire as well as North Wales and Ireland. Those of the drift arc thought to bo earlier than those of the caves. A piece of skull was found at Wcstluv- in Suffolk in a "pocket" of brick earth hollowed in the chalk 7 1 feet hclow the surface, and in a cavity "adjoining, 'two .molar teeth of the mammoth -with several rude Hint weapons. This is the only human hone yet fqund of the Drift man iu the British Isies, and it was too small to throw aav light -on the shape of his head, but it is" highly probable that ha was of the -same type as tbo "race of Canstadt." More than an years ago, the late Sir William Grove, D.C.L., in his. . ' presitlen- tial address to the Britisli Association- at Nottingham, drew attention to an impor tant fact which has been overlooked by the anthropologist as well as by the genealogist. There . is, said lie, anothe. difficulty in the way of tracing a 6iven organism to its parent form, which, from our . conven tional mode oi tracing genealogies is never looked upon in its proper light. .Where are we to look for the remote ancestor of a given form ? Each, of us, supposing none of ohr progenitors to have intermarried with relatives, would liavo had at or -about tho Norman, Conquest up wards of a hundred million direct ances tors of that generation, and if wc add .tho intermediate ancestors, double that number; As each individual lias a male and female parent, we have only to multiply by two for each -'III years, the average duration oi a generation, and it' will give the above result. Let anyone, assume that one of. his ..ancestors at the time of the Norman - Con quest was a Moor, another a 'Celt, and a third a Laplander, and .these three were preserved while all the others were lost, he would never recognise either of .them as his ancestor, he would only have the onc-liundred millionth of the , blood o! each of them, and as far as thbv were con cerned there would be no . perceptible sign of identity of race. It cannot bo affirmed that . we - know all the racial elements of the English and Welsh, perhaps we never shall ; hut more light will doubtless he shed on the matter. Needless to say, the national character of . tho English is not derived from the Anglo- Saxons, or any single race, hut from all .the contributory types in the country. .Wherever a type is "common it will allcct the gpncral character oi Lie people in the district. Hence we shall find local differ ences in the character of the English, and this, perhaps, is one reason why popular Opinions or literary estimates disagree and - even contradict each other. H; anil by the anthropologist, after long ami painstaking observation, wili perhaps be able to pro nounce a verdict on it as a whole, but for the present wc may leave the task to the private judgment of the reader. "",""'And the ahoye is'. cprrcct; although :sbnp historiam:'-:rxc'Il"'-'us'-"tKat" 'nothing" i' js.knowti oi the history of Bri tain till the invasion oi the island by Julius Caesar, ip B.C. 55. The fabulous tale of the colonisation of the island by Brute tho Trojan,' the grcatgrandson of Aeneas, and of ;.'his long list of descend ants, does not. require! any serious refuta tion. Tho only curtain , means by which nations canindulgo their curiosity in re searches concerning their remote "origin is to consider/ the language, manners, and customs of their ancestors, and to com pare them with those of the neighbouring nations. There can bo no doubt that the first inhabitants of Britain wore a ' triba of Celts, who peopled the island from the neighbouring continent. - Their language- was the same; their manners, their gov ernment, their superstition varied onlv by those small differences which time or a communication 'with the bordering nations must necessarily introduce. The Celts aro divided into two great branches . tho Gael and - the Cymry, oi whom the former now inhabit Ireland and thb High- , lands of Scotland, and the luttcr the principality of Wales. It has been vehem ently debated whether the ancient Britons belonged /to tile . Gaelic or Cymric stock of the Celtic race ;. but we may sately ac quiesce in the conclusion of the most cautious modern inquirers, that both-, the Britons and the Guiiis of the continent wore Cymry, -and that the Welsh may he regarded as the descendants of the anci ent inhabitants. In proof of this it may ho sufficient to mention that the Celtic .words, which still exist in tho English . language are clearly to be referred to the Cymric and not to, tile Gaelic dialect. The Gallic origin of the ancient Britons i Js expressly stated by Caesar, who savs that the maritime parts of the island were inhabited by Belgic Gauls, who had crossed over from the mainland for the sake of plunder. He adds, it is true, that tho inhabitants of the interior were said by tradition to have sprung from the 1 soil; from which we can only infer that the earlier immigrants of the Celts took place long before the memory of man. Tacitus, who derived his information from his father-in-law Agrioola, supposed that the red hair and large limbs of the Cale donians indicated a German origin ; and that the dark complexion of thu Silures, their curly hair, and their position oppo site to Spain, furnished grounds for be lieving that thoy were descended from Iberian settlers from that country ; but these were evidently conjectures, to which Tacitus himself seems not to have at tached much importance, since lie adds that upon a careful, estimate of probabili ties wo must believe that the Gauls took possession of the neighbouring coast. Tho British tribes with whom the Romans became acquainted by Caesar's invasion were mainly tho 'following, . though their precise boundaries cannot of course he laid down The Oantii, under four princes, in habited Kent. The Trinobantcs were ' seated 'to the north of the Thames, and between that xlver and the Siour, iu the present coun ties of Middlesex and' Essex, having Lon don, already a place of considerable trade, for their capital. The C'cnimagni, perhaps the same as the Iccni of Tacitus, dwelt in Norfolk, .Suf folk, and Cambridgeshire. \- The Segontiaci inhabited parts of Hants and Berks. The Ancalites and llibroei inhabited parts of Berks and Wilts. _ Tbo position of fhe Cassi is uncertain. I. The Saxons.— This people arc first mentioned in the -second century hv Ptol emy,- who places them upon the "narrow neck of tho Uimbrio (Jhersonesus, and in threo islands opposite tho mouth of - the Elbe. Erom thence their power extended westward as far as the mouths -of the Rhine. Among the tribes subject to them were the Frisians, wlio probably formed tho majority of these Saxon invaders of England, though thev arc only mentioned under the general name of Saxons. The southern parts of the island were occu- Piod by the Saxons proper, or Frisians, who founded the kingdom of South Saxons (South-scxe, wheiico Sus-scx), of the West Saxons ('Wcs-scx), and of the East Saxons (Es-scx), the last including the territory of the Middle Saxons twhence Midtllc-scx). The Germanic tribe have always been divided inlo two great branches, to which modern writers have given the namo High German (the people a, the interior, pg higher parte of Ger-( many), and Low German (the people in 'the -lower parts of the country near -tho coast). ' The Saxons belonged 'to the Low -Germanlc-.branch, and their language- Was- closely allied to that of - the modern Dutch. ' ' II. The Angles or Engle, ' who .accom panied- or ' followed the.. Saxons, seem, to have be'm ' a- more numerous- and powerful, race, as; they peopled - a . larger district ot Britain, and 'at . .length . .gave '.their name to the:. world land. They settled in East Anglia, or the eastern counties, north of Essex ; Jlercia,' or : the, .midland counties ; and Northumbrla,. .'or all the counties north of the Huinbcr. They are/first men tioned by, Tacitus' among ' the obscure tribes of the Sucvic race, and they qri placed bv " Ptolemy on the western ban of the 'Elbe,' near "the Lower, Sable.' 'l'hcnce -they migrated north of. the Elbe 'to the Cimbric Chcrsonesus, where the; inhabited .a district called (Anglcn, \vh eh lay between the Saxons and the Jutes. There is still a district Which, hears this name between' the River: Slie ' anil ' the Flefisborger. Fiord ;.. hut anciently .it must have comprised a much "larger territory. The Angles, like, the, Jjaxous,' were, origi nally. a low Germanic "race ; but as then: first settlements were upon the - upper part of the Elbe in, the neighbourhood of High Gorman . tribes,' and their second scats were in . the proximi ty . of ; the. Danes, their 'language 'appears Ho. have been aflccted -to; some extent by their , neigh- "hours, and several'; peculiarities in the northernkdialects of Epglnrid bc'ar traces of the 'High' .'German and Danish langu ages. iff. Tile Jules.— These -.invaders, were not so numerous even as the Saxons, and possessed onlv Kent, the Isle of Wight, and part of Hampshire. They came from the peninsula ' of Jutland,.. ' which is now inhabited by the Danes ; but it is prob able that the possessions of the Germans;, who- people at present the" southern part of the ' peninsula, extended further ' north.. in,a.neicnt',tiincs, . and- /there- -.are'' 'some' reasons for believing that the " J utes were Goths, who, like the. Saxons, and Angles, wore .also a low Germanic -race.- The Anglo invasion must have been very powerful, for the invaders gave their name to the country, the community, and their language. : Also the Saxons mu£t have been powerful invaders, for thev gave their name to. several of the greats" coun ties'" of England. Wc have Wes-sex equal to West Saxons, Es-sex meaning East .Saxons, Sus-sex 'meaning South Saxons, and Middle-sex meaning Middle Saxons.' And these two powerful, sets of Invaders, from a national point of view, absorbed the original inhabitants, commonly called Britons, and all other invaders, so that in the issue wc have the Anglo-Saxon, whom still wis sometimes are proud to call n Briton. 