THE VERY LATEST BRITISH SiMilSATWOl IN TEE CAEDASELLES. Destroys Transports and Several Other Vessels. Huns' Horrible Crime. Massacre of 700 Civilians. America's Latest Note Causes a Sensation in Germany. New York, Wednesday. I Newspapers point out that Dr. I Mayer Gerhard was ostensibly Count Bemstorff'e emissary in Berlin, but wan really Alfred Meyer, chief of the German Army Supplies Department, who was taking information of great importance gathered from munition brokers and manufacturers. His Red Gross mission to America was only a farce. He really came to purchase war supplies, and to obtain information on the United States military pre paredness. Mr. Bryan was hood winked into securing Meyer a safe , conduct. Amsterdam, Wednesday. The execution of cignt Liege citizens for alleged espionage has produced intense anger. Twenty . others are still imprisoned, and great anxiety is felt as to their fate, but some relief baa been afforded by a telegram from the Kaiser exhibited alongside the list of those executed stating that in future every court martial death sentence must have the Kaiser's sanction. _ Rome, Wednesday. The Austrian plan is now clearer. They have prepared a desperate | defence of Goritza and Toimino, be 1 lieving that it would be impossible for , the Italians to continue their march on Trieste while their left flank was threatened. The Austrians everywhere are on the defensive except in the Carnia zone where the best troops are centred for a violent offensive move ment aiming at the invasion of the valleys leadiug to Venice, and thus force the Italians to retreat to defend their own territory. The Austrians are defeoding Goritza from the heights of Pdozora, which are situated on the west of the town, | where four miles of front are covered with invisible trenches protected by steel plates, connected with several | ranges of underground tunnels from whence the troops fight under com plete cover supported by heavv artillery hidden :u grottos excavated in the hills. 1' ierce fighting is proceeding from the Inferno valley to Maleborghettoa height (7000ft.). So far the Austrian attacks have been repulsed. A battle raging for several days at the foot of the east Trentino glaciers euded in an Austrian rout. Tough, fierce, and picturesque are these Alpine engagements, but they do not possess great military importance. Berlin, Wednesday. A communique states: Influenced by the Russian defeats the French and British made strong attacks at many points. The English near Yores slightly pushed back our positions north of the lake village of Bellewaards where fighting still continues. Two attacks of English divisions between Estaieea and the hi. Bngaee road and canal completely collapsed. The Wesfcphaliaus reinforced a portion of the Guards who repulsed this attack after a desperate hand to hand light in which the British suffered severely. Wo captured several machine guns and one mine throwiug howitzer. We defeated the Russians on Wed nesday in their attempt to arrest the pursuit on the San front between Sieninja and Dniester marshes. During some hard fighting the Russians were thro.wn out of other positions by the evening. Since the 12th General Mackensen has taken 40,000 prisoners and captured 69 machine gans. The Russians have gained some ground between the Dniester marshes and Zuawano. oil . ^ar'8i Wednesday, ihe Matin estimates that the number of Germans killed, wounded, jinA^en prispnors to date at 4,200,000 out o{ 8| million, aud Aus trian at 2,326,000 out of 4* million. «. T London, Wednesday, air John French's report on Tues day states that we captured a mile of the first line of trenches east of Testubert, but fai,ed to hold them daring the night against strong counter attacks. We successfully attacked iho Gem an position north of Hooge early on Wednesday morning aud occupied 1AAA Pe 0 tl'enche8 on a front of 1000 yards, and also a part of the second line. 157 prisoners were counted by noon. The German counter attack was repulsed with heavy losses. ti tk , P&ria;, Wednesday. 1 ho Drench arc equipping their in fantry with light steel helmets, re sembling the antique men at arms' headpiece, as a protection against spent shells and fragments of bullets. _ London, Wednesday. At the Lusitania inquiry Mr. Mao Master, representing the Canadian government, drew attention to a device capable of detecting the pre sence of submarines but gave no details. Mr. Booth, chairman of the L/unard Co., stated that the Lusitauia's top Bpeed was 24 kuoes, and the non use of certain boilers saved a thousand tons of coal per voyage, which was necessary if the Lusitania was to con tinue without financial loss. He did not think it increased the risk. No vessel had previously been torpedoed going above 14 knots. The company i did their best to counteract the efforts j of the German-American spies, and the Lusitania was specially warned not to stop to pick np a pilot. Other evidence was given to the effect that the vessel changed her coarse foar times a few hours before the disaster. Mr. Carson said the manifest con tamed certain cases of ammunition and some empty shells, bnt neither coald be utilised for military purposes. Copenhagen, Wodnesday. It is officially announced that Lieut. Ueresmg has been decorated in re cognition of his gallant act in torpedo ing the Lusitania. Amsterdam, Wednesday. ihree British airmen dropped three bombs Jon a Zeppelin shed at Grond rade, south of Ghent. The damage done is not known. Scutari, Wednesday, ihe Montenegrins have occupied Clements, defeating Malissori and Gracoserb. The advance continues steadily. Colonel Zoutose, cousin of Greeks61"26108' *" commandinS the Brisbane, Thursday. Ihe Army medical authorities in Queensland are actively pushing on preparations for the reception of the i wounded soldiers. 400 of the 500 &eds; allotted to Queensland have been arranged for. 200 of these will be in the Immigration Depot at Kangaroo Point, and the others at Toowoomba! and South port. The Government have extended! leave For a further six months to all civil servants now at the front. The fortieth casualty list issued to night contain 300 names. 131 deaths are recorded. Following are the Queensland casualtiesKilled in action, Privates J. Quinn, E. Mc Gowan, C. Reade, F. Anderson, W. Biqmmw, W. Barues, C. Broome, G. Bowerman, P. itobaorf, F. Swain, and Corporal C. Bond; died of wounds, Driver J. Bartlem, Privates A. Bal lard, lii. Bouvke, and D. S. Cott. The latter was previously reported as wouuded. The wounded are: Pri vates A. Liddel, G. Storey, W. Bel La.my, ?" B- Unnafield, W. Jones, H. Sinclair O. Smith, W. Adams, S. *L L Ansou, A. Attwell, G. Abraham, H. Avery, W. Burns, E. Bartholomew, H. Burke, J. BayliBS T Crowthcr V Daly, W. Douglas,' 8. Evans, V. Fieher, J. Fraser, R. Fox R. GillcBpie, L. Gaillard, E. George! H. Hickerton R Hayes, J. Johnson) tt. Jacobs, 1). Joues, E, Kirbv E , Kendal, E, Mott, J. Morsen, R. Mom son, R. McLeod, P. Naylor, G Nor man, J. Price, A. Phibbs, A. Phefer, C. Quinn, 1. Rogers, R. Reid, N. C. Schofield, W. Mihell, Sigualler L Ferris, Bugler D. Crosby, Lance Corpora s H. Hobbs and T. McCay, Corporal E. Melia, Acting-Corporal ®v8eaat B- Hunt, and S.S.M. E. Corbett. The missing are Lance.oorporal J. Shaw, Privates F. Boston, J. Brown, J. Foster, M. Coll yer, F. Paterson, C. Smyth, and R. G. bcliQueld. A at ? , PariB> Thursday. An oHicial communique states that we have gained ground at variouB points, notably to the waet of Lorette, and to the south and south-west of DOQchez. We captured in " The Labyrinth" 800 prisoners and several machine guns. At Quenneviere, after repulsing several counter-attacks, we extended our gains to the north westward, and captured 100 prisoners. The enemy threw 100 shells on rtheims, some of them incendiary A dozen projectiles fell ou the cathedral. We made important progress in the VosgeB ranges aud carried Bronnkopf, on the northern bank of the Haute, fflcbt r'Ver, taking many uuwounded prisoners, four officers, many rifles, and half-a-million cartridges. On Tuesday some botnbs were dropped oa St. Die, Belfort, and Nancy, Some civilians were wounded ! at the latter place. London, Thursday. Mr. Donohoe, the " Daily Chron lcle correspondent, telegraphing from Rome, states that the Anstrians at tacked the Italian positions in the Sesis Pass aft dawn, aud advanced in massed formation. Only a few lived to roach the Italian trenches. The Austrian artillery waB unable to co operate owing to the unfavorable nature of the ground. Fearing they would decimate their own ranks their infantry reserved their fire, trusting to the bayonet, bat the Italian fire swept the open grounds, and the Aus trian fell in heaps. Their first and second attacks withered away, and their third also failed. Amsterdam, Thursday. A Butch fishing smack was mined off Kuocke (off Belgium). The crew of four was killed. An Austrian communique states that during the laBt fifteen days they have captured 108 Russian officers, 122,300 men, 53 cannon, 187 machine guns, and 58 waggons. They claim I to have repulsed the Italians every where. London, Thursday. Official.-The north-east coast raid resulted in 16 persons being killed, I including a policeman, and 40 injured, j Tto connection with the Zeppelin I raid, cabled on the 7th inst., also on the north-east coast, five men civilians, thirteen women, and six children were j killed. A drapery establishment, timber yard, and a terrace of email j houses were burned. I Tbe Board of Trade statistics on the war bonuses show that 1,987,444 f workers, from January to May, se cnred a weekly increase of nearly 3s. 6d. each in wages, exclusive of over time. j Mr. Lloyd-George (Minister fori Munitions) bad a further private con ference with the representatives of 41 j Workmen's Societies, and discussed methods for securing a sufficient j supply of labor to produce the neces sary munitions. . The " Pall Mall Gazette" says that j it would be better if the Treasury I undertook to finance tbe actual press ing necessities of the Colonial Govern* ments at no loss to itself until a general re-arrangement after the war.; In any case the Treasury must keep a tight hand on all new iesnes. In vestors are inclined to criticise a con-1 tinual peddling of these loanB, and the magnitude of the New South Wales loan is sufficient to mark it out for a fiasco. The Lord Mayor's special appeal at the Mansion House meeting on behalf' of the Red Gross Fuud has resulted in I £87,455 being raised, including a second £20,000 from Mr. Waldorff Astor. The fund now aggregates £1,400,000. ' 8 I Stockholm, Thursday. The mail steamer Thorsten, from Gothenburg (Sweden) for England, baB been captured by the Germans and conveyed to Swinemunde (Prus sia). The British steamer Aredale, laden I with coal, bonnd for Archangel was mined and sunk southward of Cape Orlov. Three sailors were drowned, j Many mines have been seen in the j entrance to the White Sea. Copenhagen, Thursday, i It is reported that the Karlsruhe raid destroyed a barracks and muni tionB factory. , Petrograd, Thursday. A Commission inquiring iuto Ger-1 man atrocities examined Sergeant Major Atho, who had a large slice I cut from his back by a German officer I in an attempt to get him to divulge certain information. An official communique states that the German attacks for the last three days on Liatzkow were unsuccessful, and ended in our favor. Our troops in the Popchany district crossed the Venta river, our cavalry sabring bun-' p areas of the fleeing Germane. x The figitiug at Shaevli continues with varying fortune. Some villages have fallen into the enemy's bands. The enemy, fruitlessly attempting the. offensive beyond the river Niemen, I sustained heavy Josses. We have recaptured all our ad vanced trenches to tbe northward of Prasnysz. . The battle on the river San con- < tinues with increasing fierceness. The fighting on the Tistenitza river, on the Bystritza front, continues to our advantage. We captured southward of Widacheff another 500 German 1 prisoners, including 14 officers, alsoj four gnns and six machine guns. London, Thursday. It is understood that fbe Govern-! meat, with the assent of the Trades Unions, has resolved to ask for greater powers than those at present conferred by the Defence Realms Apt, to deal with the labor problem. The new measure will probably be intro iac^.4._ne*,t week to increase the mobility of labor and to limit the P? iontrol,ed establishments where all Trade Union restrictions have been abolished. Committees will be appointed to inflict fines for an7 Blackness. The heads of the principal agricultural organisations urge the preparation of a national scheme to organise agricultural workers and secure increased production by assur ing farmers that a generous expendi ture on farming will be repaid by the remunerative priafes. Lord Robert Cecil, !" the House of Commons, said the Government had taken steps to prevent cotton entering Germany. All the cotton from over* seas suspected for tbe enemy destina tion would be brought to port and restored to the owners on Prize Court terms. Lord Montagu stated that the Go vernment was devising a means to tax all war proBts. Petrograd, Thursday. The enemy's strength on the San river is enormous. With new rein forcements tbe Germans alone have fourteen Army Corps concentrated in the regions of Luboozowka, and Wisenia. The enemy's advance on the right ! bank of the Lnboczowka gives faim possession of a railway spanning tbe river and leading north-east to Rawa ruska. They are endeavoring to ad vance north-east, and are menacing the Russian rear on the Dneister. while in the Wisznia group the enemy is moving direct on Lemberg. London, Thursday. The Petrel Explorer and Japannica, both trawlers, of the Aberdeen line, bavo been Bunk by a submarine. Paris, Thursday, Mr. Ben-. Tillett visited the front, and upon being interviewed said he learned from the men at the front the meaning of the word "strike." Wo have got to strike now with every ounce of British grit, energy, gold and brain behind the blow. When tbe workers of England realise the Bitua tion they will get their coats off and give the soldiers proper backing. We want shells, gas, and every death dealing device conceivable. " Lb Temps" Petrograd corres pondent states that a Ruesiau squad ran severely damaged the Turkish crnisBr Hamidien. Copenhagen, Thnrsday. The Danish steamer KokoD, timber laden for Leith, was submarined in the North Soa. The crew were saved. London, Thursday. The " Daily Mail s" Rotterdam cor respondent stateB that tbe German machine guns checked a spirited British advance near La Bassee. Rotterdam, Thursday. There is a severe engagement, after an artillery action, in progress on the Eesen, Dixmndc, and Ramsoapelle Duxport front. Fresh German troops are still arriving, also southward of Ypres. Allied airmen dropped a warning to civilians at Ostend that heavy lighting was imminent. A great number of German wounded from tbe vicinity of Dixmude have been conveyed to Bruges. A neutral who has arrived from Karlsrhue states that fifty bombs were dropped, almost destroying the palace which was the headquarters of the local commander. Three officers and two'soldiers were killed, and over 20& killed elsewhere. ad,- Havre, Thursday. A Belgian communique states: We gained a footing on the western border of the grounds of Chateauborne, Dix. mude, and the Roumen road, and in the trenches, which the enemy pre cipitately evacuated, abandoning their dead. Amsterdam, Thursday. A persistent drought in Germany is likely to seriously affect the harvest especially at Mecklenberg and East Prussia. Rome, Thnrsday. Combats favorable to tbe Italians have occurred along the whole frontier notably at Carnia and Isonzo. The' Alpini at Montenero charged and ex pelled the Austrians from their posi tions northward of the principal enmmit, and taking 315 prisoner including114 officers. ' .tilt n 11 LoudoQ> Thursday. Mr. Cogblan s appointment to the chairmanship of the War Office Trade v0tQD]itt66 is honorary, A German submarine exploded bv bombs the steamer Trafford on the coast of Pembrokeshire. The Trafford Bank, but the crew were saved. ,, .Pre8"s Bureau reports that on fche night of the 15th inst. a party of the enemy, led by a German officer, gallantly attaoked the trenches held by the British brigade at tbe Dardan !W,Mftoh,ed tb® P^pet and were kilted, bat the majority fell be fore reaching the trenches. There were uO dead, including the leader. Strong bombing parties afso led an attack on the trenches which we cap tared on the night of the 12th, and forced ub back 30 yards till daybreak. Oar machine guns then enfiladed the. vacated trenches. The Dablin Fusiliers attacked with the bayonet and reoccu pied the trenches, in which were 200 dead Turks. Oar casualties were very Blight. The steamer Strathnairne, bound from Cardiff to Archangel laden with coal, was torpedoed without warning off the South Bishops. The second mate and ten Chinese landed at Mil ford Haven, bat it is feared the cap tain aud 22 of the crew were drowned. Amsterdam, Thursday. ] The "Cologne Gazette," in Rn in- 1 terview with Mr. Gerhard at Christi an Band, states there is no bellicose sentiment in America. " The conflict between President Wilson and Mr. Bryan had an old origin, and arose from other causeB than the LuBitauia breach; but was rendered inevitable through President Wilson's drafting of the last Note according to his own ideas without reference to the Cabinet or consulting Mr. Bryan. Mr. Gerhard adds that the conflicting news over the Lusitania rest on a misunderstand ing capable of peaceful settlement. He accuses Reuter of poisoning wells on a grand scale by circulating men dacious reports in neutral countries. Paris, Thursday, i A communique states: We con tinued progress in the Vosges region aud mastered the heights dominating Fecht, north of Steinebrocb and Met zero), and also progressed between two branches of Upper Fecht, and the heights between Fecht and the Lanch Valleys. Athens, Thursday. A British submarine on Wednesday torpedoed and sank three transports beyond Nagara (The Narrows), the greater part of the troops and crews being drowned. Two gunboats were escorting the troopships. London, Thursday. The Lnsitania inquiry has been con cluded, expept for a private sitting re lative to navigation. Mr. Carson ^produced official evidence that there was nothing; in the cargo which the law of the United States did not allow to be shipped in passenger steamers. Mr. Baker, a passenger, gave evidence .of a lack of competent men in lower ing the boats. He said that Staff captain Anderson ordered women and children out of some boats, saying there waB no danger, the ship was not .going to Fink. Mr Carson pointed out that there was no confirmation of this. The Central News Amsterdam cor respondent states that a traveller from Ghent declares some women in Malines commenced rioting on Tues day, and almost the entire population participated. The Germans fired in discriminately, and quite 700 persons j were killed. Malines (almost midway ( between Brassels and Antwerp) is uow isolated with electrified wires. | Washington, Thursday. The German Embassy denies the allegation that Meyer Gerhard was J really Meyer, a prominent official in the German ArmB Department. President Wilson refuses to discuBB ' the matter, and stateB there waB no ?evidence is proof of any hoax. j Amsterdam, Thursday. The American Note made a deep! impression in Germany. 1 The " Cologne Gazette" abandoned j its trnculent tone, and admits that it would be imbecile for Germany to | desire another enemy; nevertheless j the torpedoing of merchant ships can not cease until Britain relinquishes the economic blockade. The " Gazette" falls foul of the1 "Lokai Anzeiger," which does not' share the belief that the British blockade is vile, and points out that Germany would be very glad to em ploy similar tactics against Britain. The " Kiuz Zeitung" is similarly indignant at the " Lokal AozeigerV' candid admissions, declaring there muBt be no weakening of the weapon of submarine warfare, which was the foundation of all negotiations. The American question has given rise to bitter newspaper controversy, some suggesting that Herr von Jagow, German Secretary for Foreign Affairs, should be replaced by an Imperial Board to conduct the foreign policy; others desire to recall Prince ron Balow (a former Imperial Chancellor) to power. London, Thursday. Mr. Beardmore's deputation has returned to Glasgow, telling their fellow workers that it was a case of "Shells, more shells." There must be no stoppage of work for any cause -whatever. What they saw in the trenches was awful. Amsterdam, Thursday. The allied ' aeroplanes last night bombed the German positions at Zee brngge, Heyst and Knocke, causing serums damage. The aviators escaped. Paris, Thursday. There is great satisfaction in France at tbo bombard niont of Karlsruhe as a tardy but fitting reply to conntleBB German attacks oil unfortified towos. Rome, Thursday. A British snbmariue reached Con stautioople and sank two vessels aDd a large steamer at the Golden Horu. All the forts aud warships tired, bat did not hit the eubmarino. 