P TOPICAL TALK. □ A straw hat shows which way fashion | blows. # * * The papers refer to ' Lady Godiva,' now being played in Sydney, as a costume dramji. We should rather infer from the title that it is a lack-of-costume drama. . ? m * The hardest thins to find in the news- I papers is a wedding that is not 'pretty.' \- But after all, most weddings are pretty — at any rate in their early days. Later on l-some of them are pretty ugly. # # * The ' commercial morality' which pre vails in the jam industry stepped into the limelight once more, the other day, when the Victorian Fruit Commission was j shown some tins, which were called in the j trade 21b. tins, but which, according to the j label, were not guaranteed to contain more than 30oz., An expert witness from one big manufactory cheerfully admitted that the public, when buying, thought they were getting full weight, and he didn't fall , down dead with shame when the chair- j man commented, 'This kind of thing is a general commercial fraud.' & # # The Second Australian Force, while on its way to Egypt, did not forget the girls it left behind it. At Aden there was landed from the fleet for transmission* to the Commonwealth a mail of . 100,000 letters, and of these 90,000 were 'addressed to women.' All the same, these had to be duly censored, and it's odds on that who ever had the job was more inclined to cry than to laugh before his giant task was finished. Nothing in the way of literature is more boresome than a book which takes the form of a series of love letters, and the perusal of 90,000 such effusions must have been a paralysing job. * ** * A FAIR PROSPECT. The next triennial conference of the Federal Labor Party is to be held at Adelaide in May, and the agenda . paper is now in course of preparation. — News item. Adelaide and May! ... Suggestive of the fair. And fair will our conditions be, If Labor's conference be free To all our wrings repair. ?S Cr v ft Foreign flatterers sometimes -try to pull Australia's leg. A Danish journali'stjOyho for some months has been footing it about' this continent, told an 'Age' reporter the other day that he 'had not yet seen an Australian who could not ride.' Australia is always pleased to hear that sort of flat tery, and doubtless the Danish gentleman 'h.-i.d observed as much. Being more or less . ✓*; hoisey in theory, we like to kid ourselves that -ye are great equestrians. But, be tween ourselves, so to speak, what are the facts — the rehl substantial things as they are? Can CO per cent, of us ride? Can oven 20 per cent.? And if we can, who counted us? Isii't it a fact that the main work in preparing mr South African con tingenters consisted in teaching the most ?qf them to sit on a horse? . AN .EARTHLY PARADISE. At St. David's Isle, one hundred miles ' north- of Dutch New Guinea-, there are no police; tlieTe is no Custom-house, no law courts, none of the tilings that go to make up and sustain what are called the amenities: of civilised life. — 'Daily Telegraph.' O, take me to St. David's Isle, And let me dwell in- peace, ... Where life approaches the sublime; . No Custom-house, no courts of crime, No bothering police. No city garbage spoils the beach; No sweater makes his pile; ; No faddy doctor raves and rants \- About the need for immigrants, On -fair 5th David's Isle. No races lure you to the course, To fatten Ikey Mo; , *No Stadium of bang and biff; No sacrifice to Norton Griff,' ! Those happy people know. No Meat Trust robs you at its will, No war news daily shocks; No telephones get muddled there, To make you mad enough, to swear; No flappers, and no Blocks. No editors return your screeds, Inscribed, 'Declined with thanks.' There is no whisky, rum, or beer, To steel your brains, nor need you fear The going bung of banks. No trams or motor-cars you dodge, No morning train you miss; O, take me there, e'en for a while, For, verily, St. David's Isle Must be a land o£ bliss. FRIAR TUCK. Advance Australia! In the Mother State of the Commonwealth beer is a necessary commodity but soap is not! # * * The poor old spud seems a peaceful enough vegetable, but has often been a 1 cause of strife. When it was first known to Europeans the people rioted because they were advised to eat it. Now, in Ger many, they are rioting because they can't get it. I I In a Sydney Adelphi pla;: Lady Godiva j I is supposed to ride naked through the I streets of Coventry because she has been j promised that if she does so the citizens will be freed from certain heavy taxes. If the same thing happened in Sydney nowadays many peopie would surmise that the fair rider was setting an advanced fashion in surfing costume. ' ' ' # # - ' David Lindsay, the Australian explorer, lecturing before the London Society of Arts recently, suggested tliat Spain might supply a^sufficiency of cheap labor to de velop the Northern Territory. If Lindsay really believes that Australia is yearning for cheap labor from Spain, or any other country, then his explorations in these parts have taught him very little. The inevitable boodlers would, of course, wel come Lindsay's horde of cheap Spanish slaves, but they will find that they are merely 'building castles in Spain' in try ing to get them — while a Labor Govern ment holds the reins, at anyrate, and the prospect of a Liberal Government later on is a mighty poor investment. A customer in an ironmonger's shop re fused to accept double-spiked carpetfas teners; on the ground that he believed in' bachelor tacks. * 9 * A private in the Highland Light In fantry died recently from wounds in the back. Don't get excited, Scotty! It hap pened in a street row in Glasgow — not on the- battlefield, where the braw laddies always have their face to the foe. $ # « Talking about the warfare ion the Suez Canal, th% 'Sydney Morning Herald ' says that passengers on the R.M.S. Mongolia, while at Port Said, 'had a splendid view from the decks of the site of the action, where burial parties were working.' It would be hard to beat that for ghoulish ness. The majority of the Sydney hotelkfeep ers asserted a while ago that whisky could not possibly be sold at less than seven pence a nobbier, but soon they returned to sixpence, and now some are selling it at fivepence. And whatever the price, the man or woman on the other side of the cash register looks vastly more prosper ous than most of the men who buy the ?stuff. ? - « To the rabbit, starling, sparrow, .and, other pests that have been imported into { Australia from abroad has now been added j the foreign horror of 'Sleeping Sickness.' A Cottesloe (W.A.) man wandered away from his home on January 29, and does j not remember where he went or what he did until February 20, when he woke up somewhere in the Darling Ranges. Some' years back, while living in Africa, he was j stung by a tsetse fly, and has suffered j from periodic attacks of 'sleeping sick ness' ever since. This scourge plays 1 havoc with the natives in certain parts of Africa, and so far seems to have baffled j scientific treatment. - ' 'Humanity always becomes a con queror,' declared Sheridan. _ But in these days it looks as if humanity is the kind of conqueror who only conquers in death. # =s «= The Prisons Department of N.S.W. is about to start a farm for convicts, at Emu Plains. ' Old Darlinghurst Jail was known as Reid's Farm in the 'eighties, but there was more lagriculture than agriculture about it. # # # The Golden West continues to earn its title. The W.A. gold return for February shows that the output was 104,268 ounces, valued at £442,903. This is good news for the shareholders, most of whom re side abroad. The local miners, who win this wealth will, as usual, receive a bare living wage as their share of the booty. There's nothing like 'local color' to 'lend verisimilitude to an otherwise bald and unconvincing narrative.' In an im ported-from-England story, now running in the 'Sydney Morning Herald,' the author makes a character speak about the horrors of an Australian 'prairie fire.' Has any Australian bushman seen a prairie fire about his locality lately? The well-worn story regarding the quite common person who suffered' heart-spasm and mental shock on learning that he had all unknowingly talked without deference to a king, or a duke, or an admiral, or something, has received a new lease of life in these days of patriotic enlistment. The shock comes now to the recruiting officer, who, finds that he has secured, in the guise of a plain man, asquatter's son, a rich landlord, or somebody who in pri vate life owns many motor-cars, and doesn't earn his own 'living. If something isn't done to put an end to this sort of thing it looks as if a number of military experts may become fit and proper/ sub- jects for invalid pensions. It's a toss^up as to which is in the worst \ case — the man who alleges that he takea drink as medicine, or the man who hag got into the way taking medicine as drink, A metropolitan daily notes with re-? gret the non-success of the effort to pur-: chase on the State's behalf the collection of convict relics, exhibited in Sydney by . a curiosity-collector from Tasmania, Haven't we horrors enough just now? # «= # An Australian clergyman of some con-: sequence, just returned from a tour of the world, sees as a direct result of the Euro pean horror the regeneration of England. It's a perverted view, at best. War is a degenferator, not a regenerator. In the present instance, it has thrown civilisation back a hundred years, and has wrought physical and mental suffering beyond tha grasp of the most active imagination. The other day was several people's lucky day. At Wallace Town, Nev/ Zea land, a train overtook a motor cyclist and kicked him oh to the cow-catcher. The cycle cannoned against a pointsman, who was sitting on the lever, and made him turn three Catherine wheels. The en gine tripped over the open points, and dug its nose in the ballast. And after all that fuss no one wanted even a bit of sticking plaster! , *= & * The British War Office, or somebody acting with its authority, has excited the righteous anger of ithe county council of Argyll, Scotland. Members of the latter body recently described 'the new khaki kilt' as 'like a girl's petticoat.' 'It is,' he added, 'twa yairds too short, and winna overlap in front.' When a body of troops so attired is let loose in Ger many the effect will undoubtedly be awe inspiring. # # * Cabled that 'graft' has diminished to an extent hitherto unknown in Russia. No wonder. At the beginning of the war a lot- of army contractors called to see the Grand Duke Nicholas about supplies for the troops. Nicholas wasn't in a hurry, and let the representatives iof Big Busi ness cool their heels in an ante-chamber for several hours. When at last he did appear what he said was to the point*. 'Him who steals, I hang; good morning!'- Now, if Nicholas were only given a free hand in some countries The Worker knows of he'd find himself working over time with the rope. ? * ?? L. R. writes: The Hurley-Birtles ex ploration . films now showing at different picture theatres completely upset one's preconceived ideas of unknown Australia. Instead of the inhospitable, strange, and forbidding area of jungle, desert, and quicksand, which some of us had imagined the Gulf country to be, some of the scenes shown, except for the alligators, might have been snapped any sunny morning in j the vicinity of Centennial Park lakes. Similar scenery to much that is shown, in fact, could be found in a dozen places quite close to Sydney. Instead of its be ing no place for whites, a sojourn in the Gulf country,' if one is to judge by tha Hurley-Birtles films, must closely re semblfe being back once more in the track-: less wildernesses of ; Parramatta, Banks-' town, or Middle Harbor. ? 1 * # # Miss Adela Pankhurst, being English, has of course grown up in the tradition that liberty of opinion and speech is an inalienable- right of British citizens. In pursuance of what she deems her duty she has for some time past been expressing in Melbourne opinions regarding the war and the belligerents that are not acceptable to the 'Argus' and some of that journal's intelligent correspondents. One of these latter writes- to say that she and a friend / are prepared to pay Adela's passage to Germany, while another expresses her con viction that Miss Pankhurst's sentiments have filled 'every right-thinking woman in Australia with indignation and absolute ? disgust.' A 'right-thinking' male citizen j decides that Adela 'should be at once de- - ported and landed on the shores of the gentle German.' Adela should ponder La Fontaine's cynical dictum: 'The opinion of the -strongest is always the best.' - #' ' # * 'BUSINESS AS USUAL.' The snows of winter melt away. The European spring is coming, And on the battlefield, they say That things will very soon be humming. Great preparations are in hand For foes to knock each other dizzy; From all accounts, I understand, The guns at Easter will be busy. But not alone across the main ? Will Easter be a time of action, | The Sydney show will once again t For country folks be an attraction. j When Bill, and Jim, and Dad, and Mum, And cousin Kate, and sister Lizzie, In thousands to the city come, The 'guns,' as usual, will be busy. .. FRIAR TUCK, v » - : 