More Money Required. Miss Ina Higgins, hon. treasurer Women's Labour Bureau, desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the following donations:— Acknowledged . £661 7 2 Miss Jean Robertson 1 0 0 St. Agnes' Church of England, Glent Huntly 211 :i Miss McMahon 0 10 0 Master Jack Dunn 0 J 0 " Sebastian" .' 0 2 0 Mr. Howey 0 20 Mr. W. Ratnm 0 3 0 Per Victorian Band 10 8 2 * * * £082 5 1 PRAHRAN. The Prahran Unemployed Relief Committee has been given the free use of Barrett's Picture Theatre every Wednesday evening for the purpose of raising funds to relieve the destitution in Prahran due to unemployment. The whole of the proceeds go towards providing food and clothing for the women and children who are suffering. Arrangements have been made with the Railway Commissioners for the free carriage of goods for distribution by the committee. The office is situated at Commercial-road, South Yarra. * * * COLLINGWOOD. The Town Clerk of Collingwood states that although the Unemployed Women's Register at the Town Hall was advertised, only 18 names have been enrolled. He has found situations for six women, and temporary work for a few others. HOW A LABOUR GOVERNMENT CREATES UNEMPLOYMENT. The following new order has been issued by the Postmaster-General's Department:— The practice apparently followed of granting to a temporary employee leave on account of illness, and regarding him as being still in the employment of the Department, is irregular. Temporary-employees have no claim to leave by reason of illness, and in any case where such employee cannot continue in the performance of his duty, his employment sliould be regarded as having ceased. Upon his recovery, should lie desire to be re-eniployed, and another temporary hand not have been taken on in his place, there would be 110 objection to his re-employment, provided that the term of his re-employment when added to the previous period of employment, would not excced six months in all, as the Public Service Act limits employment in broken periods to six months in any 12 mouths. Exception might be made in any case where the absence does not extend over one day; but any absence in excess should lie treated as breaking the continuity of the temporary employment.'' If one is a temporary employee in the Postal Department, two days' illness is a serious offence, to be punished by dismissal. Mr. Culliney, secretary of the United Labourers' Union, discussing the order, said truly enough: "A Prussian bureaucracy would do no worse. If we are going to get this sort of thing from the Labour Ministry, let us have Cook back again and get a little common sense." * * * At a meeting of the Women's Branch of the Hotel and Caterers' Employees Union, held 011 3-Jth iust., it was reported that the number of unemployed domestic servants and waitresses was increasing, and protests were made against the action of the State Government in still inducing the immigration of house workers to Victoria. The following resolution was carried:— " That Mr. S. Whitehead be requested to call the Women's Unemployment Committee together to deal with the present situation.'' Miss Lewis said she and many others felt that not enough was being done for unemployed women. They had to drift from one registry >ffice to another in search of work, and frequently had to pay fees for positions which were quite unsuitable. She suggested the establishment of one Central Government Employment Bureau for women, or the co-operation of the various bodies at present dealing with the unemployed problem. VICTORY FOR DENMARK. In spite of war and war's alarms, Denmark has enfranchised her women. We cordially congratulate our Danish sisters on their splendid victory. Great Britain, the land of liberty and progress, sees other nations forge ahead of her without a pang. She can talk of " Votes for Soldiers " fighting <in foreign battlefields, but " Votes for Women" fighting harder battles in England's own battlefields of industry are still cruelly withheld. "SHORTAGE" OP SUGAR. The Grocers' Association of Victoria has informed the Federal Attorne\'-General (Mr. Hughes) that !)(i "per cent, of the grocers are " absolutely stranded for sugar," and the Association appeals to him for relief. Mr. Hughes has replied:— " The question of securing a sufficient supply of sugar is engaging the most anxious consideration of the Government. )mt, no doubt you , will readily i.iu.Vi-t.nnd, ;he OOUJ^I^A^WJLS I^T ;t complete control, not only ct the local, but 01 foreign markets, that any attempt by the Government to deal with this matter is surrounded by a thousand difficulties." What are difficulties for but to overcome? When there are difficulties in the way of securing means of destruction the Government overcomes them. When there are difficulties in securing ne cessary food commodities for the people, the Government is overcome by them. * * * The State Government has arranged for sufficiency of sugar to be supplied to Victoria between July and the end of August, the period of expected shortage, to enable householders to be " fully served." The price, however, will be £25 per ton instead of £21 /2/G. Will the Government pass the increase 011 ? It is not only a question of being " fully served " that concerns householders. They demand that they shall be fairly served. The Colonial Sugar Refinery would be delighted to serve them fully by increasing the price—the " shortage " would vanish into thin air. • * * Housewives' Association. The W omen's Co-operative Association will henceforth be know as the Housewives' Cooperative Association. A bakery has promised to supply bread at 74d. per 4 lb. loaf if sufficient support is received, and 011 the same condition depots for general produce will be opened in the principal suburbs. * * * Meat Commission. A judge of the Supreme Court is to be appointed a Royal Commission to inquire into the meat export question in this State, private firms having exported meat in defiance of the instructions of the Government. * * * Queensland Commission. The Price Control Board appointed by the Denham Ministry has been abolished, and the Labour Government lias appointed Mr. Richard Sumner a commission to control the prices of commodities in southern Queensland. We regard it as the duty of every woman to fight the militarism which is nearest to her; and we regard British militarism as more immediately dangerous to us and our cause than German militarism—which the women of Germany may be left to deal with.—Mrs. Sheehy Skeffiington, Jus Suffragii." The power of earning is essential to the dignity of a woman if she has not independent property. —John Stuart Mill. 