I Germany Waking Up i -. LABOUR LEADER'S VIEW8. "LONGING FOR PEAC13." Another nrticlc 1ms been published in the Danish "Soclul Demokraten" from the pen of a prominent German Labour leader. The following quota tions have been received from the { special correspondent of the Exchange at Copenhagen: . "The war started as a war against Russia and Czarism. We were told that the Caar had broken his word to the Kaiser, and that the German peo ple had* been scandalously deceived. 1 The mass of the people believed these statements, and when those who were quite indifferent to the Kaiser's per sonal disappointment became inflamed by the war fever, and were ready to : assist their country. and their Rus I sian 'brethren' to fight official Russia. I "But as the months passed we came Ito look upon things In,a different light. | The war seems more and more to tfhange from a war against Russia to a war between England and Germany. England is regarded as the villain of the piece, and Sir Edward Grey is attacked in bitter, insulting words. We hear rumours to the effect that Influential persons in, Germany would now favour an arrangement-a fair .arrangement-with Russia and France, , in order to make it possible for Ger many to attack England with 'colossal energy.' ''Germany might for many reasons favour an arrangement with Russia. It is obvious now that Russia Is much stronger than some optimists thought nt the beginning of the war. It is , clear also that nn arrangement with 1 Russia would cost the friendship of I Austria-Hungary, but there are indlca ! tions that certain people would not mind that, as, by inflicting n crushing defeat oil England, they would muke people forget tluit Germany originally began the war because she would not tolerate the weakening of Austria. "The German Chancellor, Dr. von Bethman Hollweg, Is attacked not only because he Is unwilling to accept any great 'annexation plans/ but also be cause he will not change a policy which started as an action against Russia into a smashing war against England. "It is well for the Chancellor that in this respect he is more In sympathy with the people than are his opponents and those who are working for an un derstandlng with Russia should very earnestly ask themselves whether the German people are willing to accept a falsification of their willingness to fight against Czarism. ? "Whilst discussing all these cheer* less questions, the number of people who are out of work is growing In a terrible manner, and the poor peo ple's misery is pitiable. One is be ginning to ask oneself: Why all -these enormous sacrifices? , The high-soun ding phrases about 'Cunning Albion' are not listened to by the working classes. The writings from these mis led professors have less atid less In fluence on ordinary people. The work ing class Is beginning to long for pence." Babies are Australia's Best immi grants. In manyhomes baby does not appear, greatly to the disappointment and sorrow of husband and wife. A book on this matter contains valuable Information and advice. Copies free If 2d be sent for postagp Address (Mrs. Clifford, supt. 291 *31izahetb St, Sydney. The latest Rag-time Music at Pal ing's, Young. 