JOTTINGS. King Geoggo is so essentially a Con sltutlonel 4sonarch that though.ho h n expressed a desiro many times to go to the front, his Ministers have advised him that he canlnot under the Countitu tion leave England .in order to takeul the held in person. A lately reported carbon-dloxide gun, evidently of German origin, claims to be a great improvement in convenience and power over the ordinary air gun. A cart ridge of compressed carbon- dieoxide holds enough for'100 to 800 shots, and eanch pull of the trigger released aulliclcnt for one shot. The gsln's range is about 80 feet with small.Ehot, and 130 feet with bul lots. A " consecrated widow" was a term applied.in the middloages.to a widow who vowed her services to. God, but who nevertheless lived in her own llome. There was a special service conducted by the bishop, who blessed' that 'habit she awn towear,,and,also the ring. The dress frequantly'wern by widows at the pre s?ent.day Isobeloleved to be a survival of this anediaeva"r costname. Our ancestors must have fbrcseen the aeroplano or they would not have em bodied in tho law the principle that he who ostns the land owns the.column of air above "usquo nd coolum," or up to the kloSa. This can bo ,tr'od back as far as the relgn of Edward I., and fromathis time every authority to 'the present Court of Appeal has emphasised thile right of every citizon not only to, be ilng of his own castle, but of the air above it, I hope my landlord will not stick on to my lease the rent of a fnnw square yards from my flat to Ionven I On a certainL.night of overy year Hindu womsen in all xasrts of Tndia celebrate a sacred rite in' honour o Savlitra, the wife of three thousand years ago, whose love, says tile legesnd, vanquisehed the power of death, and it 'is a Ioilef unong HIlndu wo men that whoever listeus to this legend will never ltnow wldosyiood. The beauti ful. poem-play "Savitra, or Love (onquoro Death," wlich is to be produced in Los son In aid of. wounded Indian troops, In based upon this story from thie great HiEn du epic "Mahabharata," which hass for centuries embodied the deepest traditions of the Hindu race. Wsalnts, of which thorn has been an abundant crop this autumn, have a curious connection with war, 'MIost of the oldest troees in England were originally planted, not for the sake of the fruit, but bo cause tlsa wood makee the bhest gu atockls, beinlg light, strong, :od not easily warped.' The nlrgest walnut grove in Eng land is 'at: KoImpston, near Iledford. It contained at lirt 3e5 trees, one for eacl dasy of the year, which were planted about a cehtury ago by the lthoen owner of tilhe farm, wihoe cynics.lly remarked that wars would never coaso, and hse timber would nlwayso be wanted .for fgun-stocls. . In 1893 iMrs., ·liznabotl S. Taylor, of Orange "County, California, sent some preserved fruits as Christmas presents to frieonqs in the elilt, Th'riey wore so good that these persons cried for more. Mrs. Taylor sent her sonsanct to talse orders. So sue'oaeful was he that she gave up her kitchen stove, ned began putting up fruit over gasoline ranges in a shed, flto uses nothing but fruit that has ripened on the trees; it is all pooled by hand, and cookeod In shallow porcelain pans. 8he will use none hilbt the finest 'cane sugar, She has no assistants but members of her own family, and to-day this business brings hier in £20,000 a year. The enthusiam dlesplsycd by thle Del glans for the sport of pigeon flying in shown by .the.fact that of recent yvear millions hlave been annually sent over .the .French border to be raced bicklc to IBolglusi. Nearly 'every vilisge has its "8ocloto Colombophilo." The sport io gn'.in 'l1818, with a match of 600 miles. In 1823 tlhe 'first race from London' to Bolehlun wln ilown. Thie amlual "Coi couras Natlional"--n race of 500 miles, froen Toulouse to frtlsolels-was inaugurated in 1881, In whlich your the first races In Great Britain from Exo'tor, Plymouth, and Pcn zance ,to London, tooek place. The town of Coldstream, from whlcb the Coldstrlem Guards taho their lname, is . one of the nearest Dorder towns in Scot land; In fact, the railway stationl to It is In England-in the county of North umborland. The town stands on the very bualk of the' Twoed itself. The ford which gave' the town its name Is only a matter of about 200 yards from the near est house, at the Junction of the rivers Loot and Twoeed. ThIle village at the tinme the regiment was raised was named LCeo. sonl; but thile Engllell army, while crossing the river .during the Border wars, said it was a cold stream, and the name stucd to the place, One wonders If ihlstory will' repent It self In tile present war by a battle foesgist on staltcs, In 1572 some Dutch armedl vessela were frozen up near Amneetorrlnis, whlen Don Fredorickl sent a force over thile ee to 'nttacie them, As itho Spanlards ah'lllelrtd a.bnlsd of' skllfel nmuskseitoeeq, Mllounted o0 skates, mot tlems. A bat tie onsuod, Ii ,wilech thile Dutch, owieng rhollily to.their' powers itssaolters, eOasily vasnesuished thile eotny, whoe fled', leaving illhundlreds of lnce dead tpon tile ice. It is also recorded thiat a Dutch force on skaltees one repulsed a French force on the Sciholdt, 'This was it thie latter part qf the soventoontls century, wohen Francse wasn at war with H1olland, 'rhoro 'has been a constant and inter. osting shliftlig, since tile two recent flal Ikati wars, of the population of the var Jeous territorics affoctedt. Moat of Euro penn Turkey having beein Isrtltionod among several difforont Dalkan States and now boundarloci mado, the nationala of thle vcrious nffocted countries hasntened \--ome of their ivwn free will, and otellurs thIrough forced' clrcumstanncejto shoelter within tile confines of the newly-annooled torritory, For instance, the 'Groolks a ore migrating fromn Asia Minor and Thrace Into '!Now Greeoe,'" tll Turks from wosat. was formerly Europon Turkoy to Con stantinople and' Asia Misnor, anst the luii gars to "Neow Bulgaria'' f'roni contlinous Groelek, Turkliss,; or Servin torritories, Signor GlollttJU, whose disclosure of the tortuous coUreo purasod by Austria Ihas caused a profound sonsatlon can boast of a longer servleo.as Premnlr tilan any other statesman In..tho history of United Italy, his various' terms of omco aggre gatilg 13 years and 'ono.month. Althousgih deoorated"wltli thie Collar of the 'Annuni ziata' (the equivalent:of our Gartor), andi theorofore.'n conusin of the King," Signor Glollttl rarely figuroes in the great world, exoept at ssnel Court funetions as hie is compolled'to, attend, '10l hasm no expen eve tastes, .'tays at. third-rate hotal, when away from leome, and declaros tihat hies Is.never so hlappy nas 'when at woek in his garden at Cavour, where iohe owns n small 'property, During Iss long spell of power his omolla salary always fell below £1000 Ia year. Discussing thie eastern fortresses of Prussla and their inflqpnst upon thle Rus laton invasion of Ge'rmany, the "Navy and Army" remarks : "Derlin itself has been left completely undefonded, and Prusslnu strategy hnag not attemlted to convert this capltal into a central kIop of thile nen tlonal defences, sulch as the Frencelh iave made of Parls and tillo oumnaulanes of u charest. It shouls d ie said that ans ad mlrablo systuem of railways leadin upll to and runnnsg along tile oastorn frontier gives to tie armioes defending Gornman ter ritory even greater support tlsan that s'hich'thoy derive from its fortresuses; in. doed, thile Ineantlon of tlhose fortrosson has boon settled In most cases by the disec tion of the rsoiclay, and It will be observ ed that thile ralwilway bridges are thed prlt tipal object df thle defensuive geog'raihy of eastern (Iermsnsly."' ; LocklJaw or tetanus is oneoef the:sol dier's most dreaded and fatal ohmlsilo All. three armies-Elsgllis, FrenCli and Goar mann--have slffeored severely in .tll- ro opoet Ti'e diseneo' is caused in Jo 'ein gulsar Why. T'fle sursslonsoire flglltisg. Ilnsa'' distriet whlclo has been Illoly 'eulthvtesld' and highlly mannrodl forgi'. etnorsatlonsThb' reeult IS that the ioll in full f totctniud lbacilli, and the doopoier yol dig thie mere bacilll thIere ilr, TI'o flrst'ilnpnls' 'ros mall whIo 18 Wounded la to pilace Ils Ilalld oe1 the wound, .Thleo Ilslids of most of the eolllos' aro caovored. ylthl..(liht plcliad sIP n the trenclles, Ills, tlhreofore, consla n Ing biellll. Tile 'roAllt' in that wlel ol s matl- in wolsnded lie froqenoltly infoots iiln' woaind'b. m lhlutllig his Ilnd spi n .It. I!t1rllctlonll hlave beill lasllel itl all thireo armies, dlrooting thie uolleors to rofraln. frtosn puttilg their' )uands loar thelr wounds, Mnme. Polncaro, wife of the President of France, daily attends as a nurse in tilhe hIlosplltl for wounded soldiers at Bor denaux. The weight of tile lMartti-nlcnry rifle is nib, and of thile lilitoet lIb loz. Tire LecrMetford rifle, Marli 1. weighs O1b oia, and the bayonot 15Osz. Almost nothing that has hloppencd inll tile war has bhappened accordling to tile books, and most of the beat efforts have been made in deliance of established theory, says a war correspondent. 'Nuremlclnberg, tle olhfi colnlmlerclal city of Bavaria, 1has Ieon'noted since Ihe mid die ages for its toys. It produces tlhe largest numliber of German lead pIenclls, and is tile greatest llop market in the world. T'ri florin derives Its name from the factilthalt it was first made by the Flor. entlnes. It ras issued in Lthis country by Edward III., hut its valua was 0s. 'The present aslilver florin of 2s was first mrin ted inthis country inIlOtI. "God Save Ithe King' is-.said to have been composed lby John Bull,; Mus. DI)oc., in 1000, and it is also claimed that the aLutlhor was henry .Clroy, wilho died in 1743, The melody leas been edopted fotr tile German arid Danish l Naltionali An thIema. Between Enrigland and Scotland stand thIe ruins of tLhe old Roman wall, known as thie Devtl'a.Wall, owing to tile belief of thle peasantry that, on accolunt of tlhe flrmnese of the nortar and the Iniporisih. ability of tile stones, iLtan had a hand in its construction. What luck lies in starting life as a newspaper seller ? Many a notable man claims to have earned his first coppers by selling papers-Edison and. Carnegie, for instance. And now the latest rec plaont of the V.O., Privatoe.Gorge Wilson, of the Hlighland Light Infantry, confesses to having sold papers ill tile streets ofI ]Edinburgh before enlisting. Thieo annexation by Aoustria of thile little repulici of Crancow, the llast fragment u1 independent Pioland in 1840, ledl to a keen debate In the lIritlisl Pa'rliamenllt. Lord Palmorston entered a strong protcst Iagainst the acL net: it wais referred to in tile Quecen's Speech; slid tile Illcatl Joslephl lUiIne nmoved a 'oto of cenlsllro upon All tria, lusala lnd Prusslia. whlliclh was hear thly sulpported, by Sli R'obert Peel and by staunch Conseratlves. Up till the beginning of last century, naval guns possessed no sights. A pro posal to use slghts of some such simple form as everybody to.day is familiar with was sent to Nelson just before tile battle of Copenhagen. "If tile person comes," he replied, "I sihil, of course, look at it, or be happy. ifnecessary, to usa.it. But I hope we shall be able, as u1ual to get so close to our enemieos that our shot cannot mlisl tile object." Austrian solllors have one advantage over friends and foes now that floods. alre playing so great I. part.in tile war for they alre aill swtnmcrs. .Since tile ittleo of Koniggratz, whien so many' tjloulandl were drownled In` tile Ilbe, every AusLtrianL is taughlt swimnlanglla part of his mill tory training. And llow often merchint mariners are dropwnold becaseo tiloy can not swim! "It's Qbetter, to drownl quick thalllln ulow," is the motto. ilr. WhitE, Citnadlan:NMinlster for Fhii ance, spoaningl at Montreal .rocently, said: "Thle war hlas interrupted thile flow of capltol and immigration into Canada. In order, under this condition, to meet our interest payments abroad, sustain our share in the burden ofwar, and piromote to the greatest poseiblo'degreo prosperity throughout the Dominion, It in the duty of all Canadian cltlzena to co-operate In producing ae muchl as ipossible of wllhat call be used or sold for Canlada at this juncture. Tile watchword of the .)our bshould be 'production''": Sonme may fool pity for our soldiers 'on these sovero nights, beolng'illnablo to litht fires in tile tronclheon for fear of Indl eating thleir piosition to the enemy, but ll reality, the noeeming privation may prove a Ileaosling in disguise One of tile secrets of Ikeeping out tile cold is to avoid overwarmlng. A: terrlblo' ldstances of the evil offects of ':lltitlsg too much before tile fire occllrrad whoell the Frenchl army was ibefore Sobanstopol. D)uring the seovre wcelthor somo ,thousand or so of thile soldiers lit fires--contrary to orders -and within a day or two 000 died of frostbite or ineunlonlia . ."Thile Dragon ot C0hina" is the chief iamong the four supernaitural, or ldeal antedilulian crctsurn.t.iI~hCina. Accord ling to 'tile Chinese thoroe are folr. kinds of dragoasn-the, celectial dragon, which guards the manuslo;is of the' gods and supor'ts them from falling; the spiritual dragon, which causos the winds to blow and produces rain; the dragon of eartlh, which marks oiut . the couroa of the rivers and streams: and tho'dragon of hidden treasure which watcihes over tlhe wealthl concealed from ,nfortals. TI'races of 0lioeao drawings of dragons hlave been founld dating so far bock as t0fO0 years D.C. .. ;. One of tile most popularlecogends i Eng. lanld Is tllhat told In conllnetion with Coolk's Folly, thIe residollc', selr lBrlstol, of the ilto Sir Hlerlert Airll:mn.'ll The old tower twhlihil tcnds ill the nlhdst''. '.tthn t.lidilnRi was lollg yeorn lago illlt by a ir'. Cook lor the preservatlon of ht-s'0non, w'hoso ideathl by violence beflro, ho rohlfled llis twenlltylirat birthdaYtl had been forotold by a r.lmpsy. 'rhe boy spent lomany ycl\rs l i safety, slitl up illn h to?werl'; 'llut oln 'tile morning of hli twenty-llrst blrlthday, whenll tIe soxtlous flathlr entered to reoloso llhm, Ie wyas foulnd ;load frmnth/e bite of a111 addlerl, whlllh had ilben contealid In some faggots passed. through a hilldow on the previous evening for the lad's fire. Ono of thoe mot interestingof the many war insatruments' being almdoe in the .Ilrm Ingihamn district, is thile oantrnhlug tool, which is being iseood "to '"the Brltish Army.'It has a spade tt .on0; nd and at the other a pick. Mado of'the'boat tool steel Itis of aploendid worunanshelp. Coln-. plalnts are hoard from time to thno that In the' rush to got slipplios: fo',.the army through, the workshlop e shoddy 'matrlial and erattlsanslip Is, ovorloalod, The' ox perionce of manufacturora'. of those . en trenching tools, is vory 'different, and there are complalnts 'as to its too groat severity. The edges of the toolnaro tested by strlcing on .n steel anvll, and if thoru is anlly dentin(g or turning theo-tool is ' rs jected. nich' andl woll-to-do ?ioh reosildents In the nnnexod prolviocss of Alsacs lnd Lorralno cint afford to send' their sons across 'theb: frontier nod pay: the heavy lines' imposed for dofault. ?Wlth the ar tlesan and peanant tho ilibitlion0 is other wise, HIor defetioll ;from. military sor vice, ens ono It, only lilflonk' soparatlol but worldly ruin; To h wealt.lhy an seosca slonal slght ofi their young: soldlors in. trnillce is ail easy .inattor., .A pool'. man mIust stally at home. It his iions qult Al saae-Lorralne to go througllh tholeir military servieo 'on t Frenoh soil, tlhey cannot. ro-: turn until ,they havo attainled tholr forty)' filth' yehrl', and' the penalty. of default :is so' hlghl' thllt. it .mennst and is intonded to mona?,ruln. , Woren hane played a largepartt in the Krupp forttnos, ' irlfirlh:lKrupp, 'tho-or ignalo founder, Whoso eamoo'has booean' ro talned us, the buslness. tt?liol; of the. firm, lost his father'ihsn hloy,:and'waid brought ul by hlis grandnlotlor.' Ini1800'Ithbisma torlul old Ildy pyrchiasodisomo e smetolting worhsantYStorltrad, niditlivas under her tutelago thant i irlsdrlch i'rst 'essayed to mako east stoel, the sorett of whlosh avns careflfly 'gtlnrdled In 'trost Britain. On his deatii, ll 1]?81, wohen;he ohnd booon 0-' tabllshlled ' nt Easol. for, sixtoon yeori, Frliodrclt's wldoitv undortook~lo 'carry aon tol small forging plnt, which ,was nall .herl htbbnndllhad left her, nnd dld.so 5 s0 os.0 - fully unltil Alfrld Krirtpp.ltb t;Io ftite .,of Dortla' Krillp, tail oldol oIuf l to:; assume theo minlagomunt, 1 , ' A force o fifLty pollcoWemsn iasn quietly ostabllhebd' itaolf in Londolt. Tle :'noeat bluoe Unlform and the lioWldi': hat of the woullOn pollee voillntors 'willl in' future he i feature of thd Londol 5treots5 Thleforo was initiated undtor. ? sif~it',it atusploes, thotllgh not all its miembbrd'iwvb alloegiance ito lhal mov'eino it, 'l'h'" ,,ltldid'1 eorp is ' Miss D'0ntnor' Diaeont. All'the 'pilltuowon men0, nroe.l* iolof tnf t liloc 'rbhd ito.tc, 'sthil nlntady the olfblnl polld'in~'ifoiind thlti IlSoeftlll inl thie.l ,la of titqllti'hters for rt-' flgoees, 'TIlhollgh thile hIboldltl'ore'a ar0 ntxt do1o to ScotlaInlldYnrd, ,till dlvoOninllt hIa lt tIrocni t tIn ollh:lal. s tlitllt MolI ntl ilnI, the pnlaowoaIll. Is.dghirliltt eaxporlenctll, liolping ti id ladles crtil t'l.u , strlelt, livin first/ hi lil 0ei l(l911tAlln .pedpl l,;.wathinglth llti u i rostsior o m oumanalid dhlldrei inL tie streets and the parklas 