NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. The tenth annual meeting of the Queensland National Council of Women was held during the past week. It had been arranged that there would be no special addresses given, no festivities, but a two days' sitting arranging pro- gramme of future work and reports of work by the affiliated societies. Mrs. Kingsbury, in her presidential ad- dress, said it was two years since she had presided at an annual meeting. Since then she had travelled far and seen much. In the past 12 months Australia had be- come a nation baptised in the blood of her glorious sons. In this time of national stress the women had played no ignoble part; they had simply been splendid. All the local channels of service had been faithfully helped, notwithstanding the extra pressure consequent on the war. The women had only to be shown what more they could do and they would do it. The national council had had a busy year in launching forth proposals sent forward by the various organisations. Mrs. M. Beatty had resigned her position as hon. secretary owing to pressure of other duties, and a vote of thanks was passed to her for her services. Mrs. Pagan, one of the vice-presidents, had also been com- pelled to resign in consequence of leaving Brisbane. Regret was expressed at this resignation, and she was asked to start a branch of the national council in Towns- ville. Mrs. Williams expressed apprecia- tion of Mrs. Kingsbury's address. The council valued her work and services. The report of the international and interstate secretary (Mrs. W. H. Carvosso) showed that there had been a suspension of com- munications, consequent upon the war. Women all over the world have responded splendidly to the stern call to duty and self-sacrifice, and had proved them- selves ready for every variety of emergency work within their reach. She drew attention to a movement for the study of international relations. The International Executive had decided to meet at Edinburgh or Oxford in 1916. At the invitation of Norway, the next quin- quennial meeting would take place in Christiania in 1919. Congratulations were sent to the Danish council on the grant- ing of the franchise. In regard to a suggestion that the deputation from the I.C.W. should visit Australia, instead of holding a congress in the Commonwealth, the council agreed with the Tasmanian council that this was not acceptable. The hon. secretary gave a resume of the work done during the year. The council con- sisted of 39 affiliated societies. The following reports from con- veners of standing committees were re- ceived :—Suffrage and rights of citizen- ship. Miss M. A. Ogg; emigration and im- migration, Mrs. Harris (Salvation Army); Queensland Committee on equal moral standard, Mrs. E. B Harris; peace and arbitration, Mrs. G. E. Rowe; Press, Mrs. W. Young. The following com- munication was received from Miss Board (secretary of the National Council of New South Wales):— "I believe your council has on foot a scheme for the voluntary registration of women. We discussed the matter, and decided that before we attempted it our- selves we should request the Federal Gov- ernment to include women in the war census which they are contemplating. They could do the thing in the most com- plete way, but we find them ignoring the fact that women can do as well as give, since they require a record of the wealth only, and not of capabilities. We have had some excellent meetings for the dis- cussion of these matters, and the follow- ing resolutions were almost unanimously passed: '(1) That the Federal Government be urged to pass a Bill making national service during the time of crisis compul- sory for men and women, according to their several capacities. (2) That the Federal Government be asked in the name of the National Council and its affiliated societies to form a register of women on the same lines as that for men, in order to find out what service they are capable of rendering and are prepared to render to the Commonwealth, and that this council should communicate with the councils of other States with a view to their co-operation. (3) That in the case of employment of women, un- employed women should be given the first chance; that for the same work they should receive the same pay as men; and that in case of women going to the country suitable accommodation should be provided.' If the Government will do nothing then we shall also start a move- ment. The compulsory national service is what we particularly stress. The last year has shown so clearly the results of unorganised work, and England is be- ginning to recognise even at this late day how necessary it is to organise the ser- vice of each man and woman in the country." This letter was referred for report to the Registration Committee. A telegram of greeting was re- ceived from Western Australia per Mrs. Bennett and suitable greet- ings returned. The election of offi- cers resulted as follows :—President, Mrs. J. J Kingsbury; vice-presidents, Mesdames J. Williams, W. S. Anderson, W. Smyth, G. E. Rowe, and E. B. Harris; hon. treasurer, Mrs. Exley; foreign and interstate secretary, Mrs. W. H. Car- vosso; State secretary, Miss Bage, B.Sc.; assistant secretary, Mrs. Ray Stanley; executive, Mesdames Stanley, Moss, Boyd, M. Beatty, Cole, Goggs, Foxton, Hope Morgan, Miss Griffith, and Sister Lily; representatives of International Standing Committees, finance—Mrs. Exley, Press— Mrs. William Young, peace and arbitra- tion—Mrs. G. E. Rowe, laws concerning the position of women—Mrs. J. Williams, suffrage and rights of citizenship—Miss M. A. Ogg, equal moral standard and traffic in women—Dr. Helen Shaw, pnblic health—Mrs. W. H. Carvosso, education —Mrs. J. S. Kerr, emigration and immi- gration—Mrs. Harris (Salvation Army). 