NEWS AND NOTES, The Malls.-A despatch of mails for the United Kingdom and the Continent of Europo will be made to-morrow, closing at the G(P.O. at noon. For soldiers at the front, however, correspondcnce mlust be lodged by midnight to- night. Mails for Sharks Bay and Dirk Hartog will be made up this afternoon at 2.30. Parliament.-Parliament will resume the .ven tenor of its way this afternoon. As-. cording to an official statement last week, the sitting of The Legislative Council will be very brief. The Premier said yesterday, when questioned on the subject, that he saw no reason why the session should not be brought to a close this week. "If the House wishes it, I will make an effort to close up within the next few days." he said. "If, however, members want to talk, I do not see any reason why we should prevent them. The remaining business on the notice paper, however, of a really im portant and urgent nature can be dealt with in one sitting, and while waiting for messages from the Legislative Council. we can deal with matters which private mem bers have brought forward." The Premier added that they were not likely to proceed further this session with the Mine Workers' Relief Fund Bill. From the tenor of Mr. Scaddan's remarks yesterday it appears pro bable that an attempt will hbe made to close the session within the next few days. The orders of the day in the Legislative Coun cil include the Roads Closure Bill (Com mitteo progress), the Land Act Amendment Bill (Committee progress), and the Sale of Liquor Regulation Bill (second reading de bate). In the Legislative Assembly con sideration will first be given to the balance of the Loan Estimates. Amongst these items is ooe dealing with the purchase by the Government of the Kangaroo; this is likely to provoke considerable discussion. Next on the list is the adjourned debate on the Supplementary Loan Bill, while amendments by the Legislative Council to the Health Bill and the Licensing Act Amendment Continuance Bill, among other matters, also await attention. The Referenda Compromise.-Discussing with one of our representatives yesterday the Referenda compromise, the Premier said :-"There seems to be an impression that the arrangements made between the Premiers of the various States and the Com monwealth in connection with the postpone ment of the Referenda appeal have the effect oL renealing the Bill .which the Federal Parliament passed permitting of the Rcforendaon the questions to besubmittted. If, however, the State Parliaments do not Pass the necessary legislation giving effect to the compromise, there is nothing to prevent the Federal Government. from pro ceeding with the Referenda at a later date; they have all the authority that is neces sary. I mention this merely to point out that opposition to the passing of any legis lation such as that dealing with the com promise will not have the effect of repeal ing the Bill and wiping out the Referenda entirely. In any case, the proposal now under review is merely to give the Federal Parliament certain powers until the end of the war: it is purely a temporary trans ference of powers." An Equitable Arrangement.-What the chairman termed a just and ecuitable ar ranuement was arrived at by the Gosnelt Roads Board at its last meeting. For a long time nast, and more earticularly dur ing the winter months, the condition of what is known as the pipe-track road has been a fruitful source of complaint. Rate payers in that nart of the district said that the road was impassable for wheeled traf tic, and that they were cut off from com munication with the outer world. Mem bers of the board averred that it was im posseibl to keep the road in order, owing to the pipes of the Water Supply Department frequently bursting and flooding the sur rounding country. While not accepting re sponsibility for the condition of the read, the department, conjointly with the Public Works Department, has shown a disposition to meet the board in a fair spirit., and there is reason to assume that before next win ter ell cause for complaint will be re moved. The Water Supply Department es timates that £600 will be required to putI the road in good order, and has asked the board if it will contribute a thir4 of that amount, provided the balance is made up by the two departments concerned. Satis faction was expressed with the probable so lution of the difficulty, and it was decided to intimate that the board would be willing to enter into or. armngenment as proposed, and a reply has been sent to that effect. Improved Postal Service for Gosnells. In consequence, of representations made to Mr. H. Gregory, M.H.R.. by the Gosnells Roads Board. for anl improved postal ser vice between the city and that di-:rict, an intimation has been received to the Wffect that a second daily service would be in augurated forthwith. Mails will be received and despatched to an; from Gosnells and Maddington and Perth for a month by way of trial. Should the extension beyond that period be justified the beard will be dily notified. Perambulatos no Palmrnrer Trains.- -At I last meeting of the South Suburban Tlail way Association, attention was directed to theo inconvenience caused to mothers with infants, being compelled to book their per ambulators singly instead of return. The honorary secretary of the Association (Mr. W. D. Robinson) communicated with the de partment on the subject, and he has now re ceived a reply to the effect that return go cart tickets are issued at Gosnells and Ar. madale, and that arrangements are being made to supply a stock at Kcnmscott. The Liquor Trade.-One of our represen tatives yesterday brought under the notice of the Premier the references in the "West Australian" recently to the liquor trade and the proposed legislation, and particu larly the statement by Archbishop Riley. "Matters," said the Premier. "are now be. fore Parliament and it is, I think, prema ture to conclude 'at this stage what the Legislature will do. It is, however, our intention to deal finally with the liquor legislation now before Parliament before going into recess." Hourd in Government Service.--A state ment recently by Mr. D. Cameron regard ing the question of hours in the Govern ment service was brought under the notice of the Premier yesterday. Mr. Cameron claimed that the statement made by the Premier "that those unions which were in sisting upon their membersonly working 44 hours for the Government were at the same time working 48 hours outside of the Gov ernment shops" was not correct, and that as a matter of fact, the works controlled by the Commonwealth Government, which employed a large number of workers, were only working. 4 hours at present, and had been doing so for some considerable time past. Outside employers, added Mr. Came ron, who had in their employ a large number of carpenters and joiners, were also working the 44 hours, and in one case 40 hours, with the object of spreading the work over a larger number. 'My references to the matter," said Mr. Scaddan, "applied: more particularly to my own department, the railways, and to the moulders, who, I understand, are working 48 hours in out side shops." Consecration Ceremony.-On Saturday af ternoon the Anglican portion of the Fre mantle Cemetery was consecrated by his Grace Archbishop Riley, in the presence of a largo congregation, who came from all partB.of the town, four special cars being pleaced at their disposal by the Tramway Board. The petition for the consecration, which wad signed by the Fremantle clergy and prominent churchmen, was read by the Rev. Canon Moore. The.procession, led by the' combined choirs of the Fremantle parishes, made a complete circuit of the ground, singing appropriate hymns, in which they were assisted by Mr. J. Myers on the cornet. A halt was made at a suitable place. and the deed of donsecration was read by the diocesan secretary, Prayers were .said by Canon Moore, and the lesson read by theRev. J. Priestley. At the con clusion of the service, the Archbishop gave an impressive address. Philatelio Society of Western Australia.- The monthly meeting of the society was held at .Harper's Buildings, Howard-street, recently. The president, Mr. Johnston was in the.ehair. The following were elected for the ensuing twelve months:-Patron, his Excellency Sir Harry Barren; KO.M.G., C.V.O.; vice-patron, Mr. R. A. Shell; pre sident,.. Dr. Pearson; vice-presidents, Messrs. Giles, Walker, Johnston, and Beck; com mittee, Messrs. Krol, Glasson, Unmack, Walker. Giles, Foster Wallman, and Beck; exchange secretary, Mr. I. Abraham; audi tor, Mr. L. Glasson; secretary and treasur er. Mr. 'F. Tipping.. Mr. Gile, for winning the competition t, " the previous meeting, was presented with' a collector's duplicate book. Mr. Trouchet showed his book of forgeries which were much admired by the members present. Sir. Shell gave an in teresting lecturette on the printing 'of the 6d. bronze W.A. stampf, and at the same time showed a specimen sheet,. which, it was stated, was the only one in Australia. Mr. Shell consented to allow any member at any time the use of the sheet, wherpby the plating of -tho different stamps could be made out. The War on Mosquitoes.-In his report, submitted to the last meeting of the Guild ford Municipal Council, the medical officer of health emphasised the danger to health from the mosquito and fly pests. Owing to the dapger of malarial fever from nmosquitoes, the drainage of low-lying land was verV necessary. cillors Kin.s and Evans moved that the method adopted by the council last summer of spraying stag nant water on the low-lying landswithkero sono should be again resorted to this year. The discusmon revealed some difference of opinion maongst/ councillors as to whether the mnvrlnn hda hann an ntmrndrm elrnrte on the pest, it being contended that the river banks were a prolific breeding ground Eventually, however, it was decided that all waterholes should be treated with kero sene, and that owners of rainwater tanks should be requested to adopt similar mca sures. Rose Club.-'The members of the Rose Club met on Monday afternoon at their rooms ih the West Australian Chambers for the purpose of presenting Mrs. Parker with a token of appreciation for her good ness in helpingaclassto pass their examin ation in first aid. Lady Hackett, president of the club, in an appropriate little speech, presented Mrs. Parker with a beautiful silver teapot of Queen Anne design, on be half of the club. Mrs. Parker, who was taken by surprso by the gift, said it gave her great pleasure to know that her class was so appreciative and successful, and it had been a delight to. teach them. The rooms were beautifully decorated with roses and spring flowers. Lady Hackett present ing each member with a rose. Delicious afternoon tea was handed round, and after arrangements had been made for selling badges on Henley Day, and other minor matters had been disposed of, it was de cided to meet again on Monday next, at 2.30 p.m. Citizens' Rally.-At the citizens' rally, to be held on Thursday evening, in the Palais de Danse, the Mayor (Mr. John Nichol son) will preside, and addresses will be de livered on the importance of Western Aus tralia standing in line with the other por tions of the Empire incombatingtheliquor traflic by Monsignor Verling, the Dean of Perth, Mrs. Cowan, Mrs. Beadle, Rev. 8. H. Cox, Dr. Saw, M.L.C., Mr. B. J. Stubbs M.L.A., and Mr. Albany Bell. Several leading commercial men, and the leaders of women's societies have already intimated their intention of being present and assist ung the movement Woman's Christian Temperance Union. At the executive meeting of the W.C.T.U., held last week, it was decided to write to the Sydney organisation, and complain of the action of the Government there in in troducing a system of beer-gardens dur ing this time of war. The committee's re port on the meeting in protest against the Amending Health Bill was accepted and endorsed. The superintendent of the Sai lors' Rest announced that a fete would be held on Thursday next. in aid of the work of the institution, and that Lady Barron had consented to open it in the afternoon, and the Mayor of Fremantle in the even ing. An interesting meeting was hbold in the Methodist Church, Claremont. on Friday last, under thq auspices oftho local branch of the W.C.T.U. Sister Leila presided, and an address on the "Needs of the Soldiers" was delivered. Fremantloe Municipal Elections.-Nomina. tions in .connection with the election of Mayor, councillars, and auditor in the Fre mantle Municipality, will close on Wednes day next. All nominations should be in by 4 p.m. Agent and Financier.-Before Mr. Justice Rooth. in No. 3 Court yesterday. William Henry Laffer, an agent, brought an action for damages against G. Luber. a financial agent, for alleged trespass and wrongful seizure of certain furniture. Mr. John Moss appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Draper, K.C.. with him Mr. J. A. Chick, for the defendant. Plaintiff's case was that he borrowed an amount of £25 from the defendant on May 31 last, security being given under a bill of sale over cer tain household furniture. The rate of in terest: was 60 per cent., to be paid in monthly instalments of 25s., and the prin. ,pal redeemed at the end of 12 months. On June 4, it was stated, in cou of the lodgment of caveats, def per 5uaded plaintiff to sell the furniture to him ror £25, for which a sale note was effected on the same terms as the bill of sale. One Juno 9 defendant sent a bailiff to plaintiff's house, but the following day an injunction was obtained from the Chiet Justice to restrain defendant from selling. The bailiff remained in possession for three days. Counsel for detendant maintained that his client had been misled by plain. tiff when asked if there was any possibility of caveats bemg lodged against the bill of sale, ans had therefore demanded the re turn of the £25 whch was advanced before the registration of the bill ,and for which the sale note was given as security for re payment. Whilst paying £5 into court in satisfaction of the seizure, defendant claimed a declaration that the bill of sale was void. and for the repayment of the sum of £25. In giving judgment, his Honour said that the plaintiff, in establish ing his case for trespass and wrongful seizure, set out that oni May 31 heborrowed £25 fromn the defendant, which was se cured by a bill of sale over the furniture. Defendant said there were certain coven ants and conditions in the bill of sale, and amongst them there was an agreement that if the plaintiff made default, or if execution was made against his goods, then ho (defendant) might seize them under the bill of sale. The plaintiff said that none of the cvents provided for had happened, but it turned out that he had either misin formed counsel or overlooked the fact that execution had been issued against his goods on June 2. It thus became within the right of defendant to exercise his powers under the bill of sale and else the furniture, as he did. The plaintiff had failed to make out his case, and judg ment would therefore be entered for de fondant, with costs. The defence having called no evidence in support of the coun ter claim. judgment on that issue would be entered for the plaintiff, with costa, it being understood .eat defendant's right to su, under the bill of sale at the date of expiry would not be precluded by the judg ment. The £5 paid into court was ordered to bp returned to defendant: Children's Court.-At the Children's Court, Perth, yesterday, a boy was ordered to receive six strokeq of the birch for wilfully killing a white swan and destroy ing five swan eggs at Monger's Lake. The chairman said he hoped this would be a warning to boys who wantonly destroyed harmless birds. Offenders, if caught, would be severely uealt with in future. " Million Club.-There will be no meeting of the Million Club to-day. An invitation to deliver an address before the club at an early date has been accept"' by Mr. Stani forth Smith. The subject of the address will be "Papua." Y.A.L. on Tour.-Mr. Lioned T. Boss, president of ,the Young Australia League, has received a further cable from Mr. A. Coyne, secretary of the league party of boys touring Canada, under the director Ehip of Mr. J. J. Simons. It says:-"Our arrival at Winnipeg was a marked, me morable event of tour. Greeted by High land band, presented with medallions of the city arms. Town Halt illuminated in honour of our visit. Attendance at Simons's. addresses before Canadian and Rotary Club members totalled 1,600. Officially welcomed by the Premier, and official reception at Government House by Sir Douglas Came ron, the Lieutenant-Governor of the Pro vince of Manitoba. Six days' programme Toronto begins Saturday. Wonderfdl re ception at Fort William and Port Arthura, cities on Lake Superior."' Silver Chain Fete.--A social and dance, the proceeds of which will be devoted to the Leederville stall at the forthcoming Silver Chain fete, will be held to-morrow evening inithe Oddfellows' Hall, Leeder ville. An attractive programme has been arranged, and it is hoped that all who ap preciate the good work performed in the district by the Silver Chain will endea vour to attend. The stall committee is working hard to make the function a suc cess. "Aunt Mary" desires to ack ledge the receipt of the following amounts towards the Christmas Tree Pund:-HLW., Kellerberrin, 2s.; Mrs. E. Fowler, 10s. 6d.; Miss Mary Howard, 10s.; "Small Birthday Gift," 5s.; Miss Cameron, £2; total, £3 7s. 6d. Benzine in Boot Polish.-According"to the Danish papers, a merchant attempted to export ten tons of boot polish tb Germany, via the frontier town of Vamdrup, but the vigilant Customs officers had their sus6i cions aroused by the extraordinarily pene trating- smell of benzine givlon off by the consignment, and sent a sample to the State chemical laboratory for analysis. It was found that the cream contained 70U per cent of benzine, or ten times more than that contained in ordinary polish. The Minister for Justice ordered the institution of criminal proceedings. Queensland Public Service.-It was an nounced recently by the Premier of Queens land (Mr. Ryan) that the .proposed Public Service Commission will deal with the whole of the State Public Service, including the Railway Department. When asked whether the Government anticipated that the Com mission would effect a large saving in the cost of the administration of.some of the departments of the service, Mr. Ryan said that all he could say at present was that its inquiries would reveal tq the Govern ment the true position of affairs. Germany's Lost Drug Trade.-The war having cut off the German pply of chemi cals and drugs, prospecting is taking place overthe mining districts of BritishComnm Sia with a view to the p?ibility that ,w material for certain of the- rrtices which have been interfered with may be procured from this source. It is regarded as probable that Western Canada will be able to make good at least part of the deficiency created by the war. The British Immigrants will heold a darne to-night in the Oddfellows' Hall, Willias-atreet, Perth. At 2.30 o'clock this aftemno e esw. Robert son Bros will sell, on the premise, No. 4 Campbell-sitreet, Subinco. £ olaetion of has bold furniture and effects, induding u.g. Thur. mer piano. 20th Century d.h. sewing machine in oak oak dining table, hallstand, doheme pair. and numerous sundries. .Mr. Chas. Sommer will conduct a sale of household furniture at the corner of Alice and Parker roads, Claremont, at 11 o'clock thi_ morning. Messrs. T. Tate and Co. will conduct saes of furniture, merchandise, eto., on Wednesday, at 2.30, at their mart, 713 Hay-street; o Thurs. day. at 2.30, they will hold a bailiff's sale un. der distress for rent at their mart; and on Fri. day at 2.3Q. a sale of pianos, furniture, and effects, on the premises, 190. Railway-parade, Loederville. Messrs. Thomson, Ltd., as represcntatives of Jones Sewing Machino Company, desire it known that, owing to the war, Jones did not have any sewing machines at the Panama Ex. position, por did any other British sewing mae chine makers compete. Meussrs. Eben Allen and Co. draw attention to a sale of useful household furniture and effe.tis at 1028 Hay-street. neas Georg.est?yet, at 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning. Messrs. Ehen Alen and Cos will conduct a sale of summer residenee sites and brick resi denge on the ground, Kilbree estate, adjaoent to Goosehberry Hill station, on Saturday, No. vember 20, at 3 o'clock. Messrs. Eben Allen and Co. will sell the household furniture and offects, on the pre mises, the corner of King's Park.road and Colin. street, West Perth, on Thursday. November 18, at 11 a.m. 