Crumbs. *lio. Moloug brunch of the P.L.L. iiud carried a resolution coauueudtn* the action of the Ucvernuiunt in seu ing wheat. I Wednesday (to-murrowj; will bo tho kL&t;) day for furnishimr incomo »nv returns for tho year ended December 31. There is 'no intention to coaso im migration |u iV'iotoria. Only domestio servants aud nominated passengers will, however, be sought for during the ucxt fow months. The German Admirulty wans nont* rul nations -that February 18 uvery lice tile merchant ship in Brit ish seas will be destroyed, regard less of danger to crew or passengers. To date. -18,150 tanned short wool Jhecpskin, vesta and 10,000 of ! inaolas hftsw ' mcnt. vfawf - stato to Sir George Reid for the War Office. ? Tho crow .of tho steamer port Al bany, during :Uie voyage from London to Melbourne, 'saw, whilo crossing tho Southern Ocean, 40 icebergs of various dimensions. After a search extending over eight weeks, tho missing trawler Endeavour has been given up as lost. Tho search steamers havo been ordered to re port at Jlobart. interviewed at Batburst, the Dep uty 1'cMtmnitflr.ftftn^] 'mentioned a scheme of decentralisation in the pos tal service which was now being work ed out. ' Two further 'shipments of wheat for milling purpcees have been ordered from America by the Victorian Gov ernment. This makes a total of 832,600 bushels .which the Govern ment ordered last week. Germany's warning to peaceful ship ping apprcuching the west north coast of Franco has aroused indignation in Swoden. It is interpreted as a fresh blow 'at tho commercial freedom of the neutral powers. Tho Japanese cruiser Asama was lost through striking tho rooks on the California coast during a heavy gale. Tho officers and crew have been land ed on Mexican soil, pending the ar rival of other Japanese warships. Mr. Waddell, 'M.L.A., has bo en in formed on good authority that an ord «r for a Very largo quantity of tinned rabbits, representing about £25,000, had been recently received from Eng land, . and 'if executed would be . on behalf of tho Belgians and French. There aro 9,000 Turks and 20,000 Bedouins in the main camps 22 miles oast of , the Salt' Lakes and 11. miles oast of .Suez. The expedition, it is reported, . has been forced to : a 20*contimetro gun. The transjport difficulties are insuperable* ' The larg-' - est guns aro -15 and 18. cenUmotre. ? Money is exceedingly cheap in London; short loans having been taken ' at 1} per cent, per anhuin, and discounts at 1 3-8 .per cent. Ou - th»- ' / London .-took.'L^cl)ange -British- Conn ?ols;^«!nfialteredl- ot':,jusf'ovef~681,-' 'T''-' ' While Australian inscribed stocks 'av' have fluctuated irregularly. The Admtn»strator of the' Northern Territory reports tuaf sheep ar* ih i» ing well -in parts, and contends ? that if tho pastoml industry is to bo -de- pendent entirely on cattle, he is afraid holdings will have to ? bo large, and there will -be no -means of providing 'work fof 'anything but a minimum pc^ piilation. l Mr. ilolman made referouco to tho political truce between the two dom inant parties m Parliament* and said .? ???. tho time had arrived for Liberul . pol- iticians and Liberul . pross 'to ropudi- '? ate and rebuko the candidature of ' Mr. 'Blackett as the ojipouent of the ' Labour candidate for tho Castlercagh seat. . . ? The Rev. John Ferguson has re turned to Sydney after an absenco in Europe-of nearly 12 months, lie coucra«td tiie bor.tniJ- uiiii--v«r ---? oi the. iirit.sh public respucuu^ tli-' woi with, the cciuiUoiiit in Ausiratu, -and ho . declares ikit ah tlio- Urit su boxers - have gono to tho irout: uilU oxi r'uHses ' surpnso tliac tM/x ag U c-'iit,u ui iia ? Sydney. . r'.-.'- owedisu una iju:cii uoW^p.|.o « rr.i \i.iy 0ii-Si-0f»t:U . in . prolyl. tho threaUUen Uock-.de fay . ucnu'tuy The neutral nations, -it is duciiifod, oannot be mLmidated or^ ovoavyod by% ?' ?? threats.: Dan.slt and -Dutch rshippers- ?'- announce that, they will oitniinue' to' trade as usuur, rolying upon jiritain' ' to protcot neutral nat ons. The Uait ed States Ambassador at Berlin has informally announced ? (Jig impending official protest. The Danish, Swedish and Norwegian Governments are also making representations; Germany, it is declared, does not intend. to seize American vessels laden with kodstulla for civilians of enemy countries. . Sir William Cooper has . presented to the' Red.Croas Society a fuur»loa Gar ford lorry, which was purchased in' ' New Zealand and arrived in Sydnoy on Saturday; Tho lorry will be. ship- - ' pod to London this week, 'inscribed with tho donor's name. The Now ' i South Wales Masonic Club has sub- - scribed a three-ton Belsize lorry to the society, through Mr. Sherbon. This lorry will bear the inscription, 'From tho New South Wales Masonio Club.' Tho New South Wales Club has made a gift) of a 3|-ton Napier lorry, at a coat of £750. The DenmanMusw^il brook branches of tho Red* Cross So cioty presented a 21-ton Dnrkopp lor-' ry, inscribed with tho namo of ! the distriot, and it was shipped on Satur day. i 'The girls in New Zealand have been of material assistance to tho rooruiting officers,' said Mr. Hall, Attorney-General, on Friduy. MI mado inquiry in Christchurcb, and was told thoro by ono of tho girls that thoy wero not walking out with any single men ;at tho present time. 'When I asked why, they told me that all tho men who woro worth having Hn/i cither volunteered or woro giving up ' thoir ovenings in training; and tho:e who had not volunteered and wero not training -wero not worth walking out with. These fine girls not only rofrain from discouraging the men from doing their duty, but where thd men are slow in realising their re* sponsibilities, thoy show their disap prove by giving them white feathers. In one instance I heard of a ba^d t-f fivo girls who went , put to a sports | meeting and klis^ributed white feathr ' ew- to likely-looking young fellowf** 