ALLIED VICTORIES SPLENDID ACHIEVEMENT AT NEUVE CHAPELLE IMPORTANT ADVANCES BY FRENCH AND BRITISH INEXPLICABLE GERMAN PANIC NEAR PRASNYSZ ANGLO-FRENCH DECREE CONCERNING CONTRABAND AUXILIARY CRUISER AND MERCHANT SHIPS SUNK LOSSES OF THE TURKS IN THE DARDANELLES THE POSITION SUMMARISED. felling descriptions are given in the cables published today of the splen- , did valor displayed by the British troops near Neuve Chapelle, and stress is laid on the importance of the victory. The French correspondents pay a high tribute ,"? veto the dash and the cheerfulness of the British, who have since captured another / village and a large extent of trenches. The French and Belgians have also won ground from the enemy, and everywhere the Allies have consolidated their new ' gains. , i '"i The German submarines have been exceedingly busy, and they have sunk the auxiliary cruiser Bayan, with a loss of 200 lives. They have also destroyed a number of merchant steamers, and in some cases fatalities have resulted. The Americans are indignant concerning the sinking of the wheat ship William P. ïVye by the Prinz Eitel Friedrich. The British and French Governments have issued a decree tightening the blockade of Germany, and ordering the seizure of all ships bound for that country. The cruiser Dresden and the auxiliary cruiser ' Kronprinz Wilhelm have been active, and each has obtained another victim. The Russians have won further successes against the Germans and Austrians. A big battle as developing in the vicinity of Prasnyisz. A sudden panic seized a German force near that place, and they 'fled, abandoning rifles and ammunition. , Snowstorms have caused the suspension of hostilities in the Carpathians and in Galicia. The Allied warships are still pounding their way through the Dardanelles, and they have inflicted great losses on the Turks. The German commander of the defence forces has been killed. A strong Allied landing party is being pre- faced. Italy is still trying to make up her mind concerning the "war. She has received an offer of a bribe from Germany, which she is now considering. A Labor Conference has been held in London to consider the increased food prices. The Conciliation Boards are taking action to prevent strikes among the workers. General Hertzog is pursuing his endeavor to embarrass the South African Union Government. FRANCE AND BELGIUM SEVERE FIGHTING. GAY BRITISH SOLDIERS. A j AIRCRAFT ACTIVE. LONDON, March 13, 5.20 p.m. Field-Marshal Sir John French, the British Commander-in-Chief, telegraphed to- day: Some further progress has been made by the Seventh Division from the direction of Neuve Chapelle towards Aubers. The fighting was very severe, as the enemy were reinforced opposite my right by at least two divisions. We have captured 612 prisoners, and I believe more are coming in. Our aircraft have been very active. They have destroyed German railway junctions at Don and Doug." a Haughty, Stiff, and Swaggering." The war correspondent of the Paris "Matin" expresses warm appreciation of the fighting qualities of the British and Canadian troops at Neuve Chapelle. He says: "Their faces beamed, and they sang a gaily as they returned to the British front. Several hundred German officers were among the prisoners, and they assumed a naughty, stiff, and swaggering air. Many of the German troops made prisoners were elderly men or boys, and it was a sorry light to witness their depression." The correspondent adds: "Some members of the German General Staff have left Lille, and are travelling towards Tournai, in Belgium." THOUSANDS OF PRISONERS. <"" HAVRE, March 14. Already 2,000 German prisoners taken by the British during the battle of Neuve Chapelle have arrived in Havre on their way to England. Positions Consolidated. AD official communique, issued in Paris at midnight on Saturday, says:-"We have consolidated our positions everywhere." GREAT BRITISH SUCCESS. IMPORTANT ADVANCE MADE FOR COMPLETELY BEATEN. LONDON, March 14. The "Eye-Witness" with the British headquarters staff writes -"Our offensive at Neuve Chapelle has been attended with signal success. The concentrated fire of many guns and howitzers at the opening of the bombardment is described as the most tremendous, both in regard to noise and to general effect, on the enemy which the array has ever seen or heard. Within half an hour after the signal to attack was given almost the whole of the elaborate series of German trenches was in our hands. Except at one point there was hardly any resistance. Many of the trenches were quite blotted out, being filled with the bodies of dead and dying Germans, which were partially buried as a result of the artillery fire under earth and debris. The majority of the survivors of the German forces were in no mood for further fighting. In the meanwhile on the right of the line from Richebourg a similar advance was made by the British, who are progressing towards the rectangular Bioz wood, about 1,000 yards to the south-east of the village of Neuve Chapelle. The resistance offered by the Germans was slight, and we have reached a point about 400 yards from the wood. Paying Off Old Scores. Some of the British troops in Neuve Chapelle advanced for a distance of 400 yards to the eastward, and others advanced to the northward. The fighting continued long after darkness set in. The enemy were then considerably shaken, and they were surrendering in some parts in groups. The Germans throughout the day held a strong position nicknamed by the British soldiers Port Arthur.' This was situated at the angle of the cross roads to the south of the village, and consisted of a perfect network of trenches and barbed wire. The struggle raged for its possession until 5.30 p.m., when the stronghold was stormed and carried before the bayonets of the Britishers with the utmost dash. Throughout the operations there was a consciousness on the part of the British of old scores to be paid off. Beaten and on the Run "The enemy for the time being is beaten and on the run. The British wounded have filled the hospitals and ambulances, but they are the cheeriest crowd of wounded soldiers yet seen. Good Work by Aviators. "A British airman has destroyed a pier of the railway-bridge over the river Lys at Menin, in Flanders. Another airman has completely wrecked the Courtrai railway- station, which is seven miles from Menin. Both places are of vital importance to the communications of the enemy." THE GERMAN VERSION. AMSTERDAM, March 14. A German official communique published in Berlin says We began attacks with the object of recapturing the village of Neuve Chapelle, but discontinued them owing to the superior strength of the English forces. We have shot down three British aviators during the last two days." FIGHT FOR NEUVE CHAPELLE HOW THE DAY WAS WON. PARIS, March 15. 6 Tremendous enthusiasm has been roused throughout France by the historic success scored by the British forces in the battle of Neuve Chapelle. Reports of the fight show that after several attempts to dislodge the enemy from the village, it was resolved to attempt a turning movement- The French, artillery on Tuesday night prepared the way for an advance by compelling the enemy to evacuate their first line of trenches. The German artillery was rendered helpless by the superiority of the Allied guns, and the Germans, fearing a diversion, did not dare to diminish the immediate defences of the village. This lost them the battle. A Magnificent Spectacle. The British on Wednesday morning im- patiently awaited the word to advance. Then suddenly there was a spontaneous yell from thousands of throats as the command was given. A magnificent spectacle was presented by the "Tommies" as they dashed forward with glittering bayonets, and completely overwhelmed the surprised Germans. The British passed rapidly from trench to 'trench, sometimes rolling over each other in the mud in their eagerness to get at the enemy. The German Deren ce Fails. At last the Germans detected the British manoeuvres, but it was too late. The enemy hurled forward every available man in a futile attempt to force a passage through the British ranks. The British firing, however, paralysed the onrush, and most of the enemy surrendered without further struggle. The British completely surrounded the village, and then profiting by the enemy's disarray, advanced during the afternoon to the Pierre cross roads, sixteen hundred yards from Neuve Chapelle. The Germans being reinforced now vigorously counter-attacked, but did not gain an inch. They sustained heavy losses in the attempt. Nevertheless they rapidly entrenched themselves in a strong position in front of Aubers, from which point, many machine guns opened a terrible fire, inflicting severe losses on the British. The British, however, have firm grip of their new positions, and an artillery combat is now raging there. A BELGIAN ADVANCE. PARIS, March 12 A communique, published in Paris this afternoon, states-The divisions of Belgians have progressed 500 metres, notably in the direction of Schorbukke, to the south-east of Nieuport." GENEVA, March 12. The French yesterday repeatedly repulsed violent counter-attacks at Reichackerkopf, in Alsace. They drove the enemy down- hill with great slaughter. HYSTERICALJGERMANS. COPENHAGEN, March 18. All letters and letterpress correspondence received in Denmark from Germany bear the stamped phrase in German, "God punish England.'' A PATRIOTIC MAHARAJAH. DELHI. March 14. The Maharajah of Ketch, Sir Dbiraj Mirzan Maharaj Shri Khen Garja Sawai, who rules an Indian State with an area of 65,000 square miles, and a population of nearly 500,000 people, has undertaken to give £3,000 a month to support an Indian regiment at the front for a year. BRITISH PUSHING ON ANOTHER VINTAGE TAKEN. LONDON, March 12. ' Sir John French, in his weekly report, which is published to-day, states The success gained by the British at Neuve Chapelle has materially altered the situation both at Armentieres and La 'Bassee. Our losses, in proportion to the results achieved, are not great. We have established ourselves 1,200 yards beyond the enemy's advanced trenches. The enemy's repeated attempts on March 11 to recover lost ground were repulsed with heavy loss. We are steadily progressing, and hard fighting continues. The Fourth Army Corps and the Indian Corps repelled several counter- attacks on the night of March 11 and the early morning of March 12, with heavy loss to the enemy. The British Third Army Corps has captured the village of Lepinette with slight loss. ACTIVITY IN FLANDERS. FIGHTING NEAR DIXMUDE. AMSTERDAM, March 13. The concentration of powerful German forces on the lines towards Ypres and La Bassee continues. All the German troops in Northern Flanders have been sent thither. The Germans have mounted heavy guns on the coast near Middclkcvke. and are endeavoring to destroy the sluices at the entrance to the harbor of Nieuport. A strong German attack on the Allied lines has been opened to the south of Dixmude. t GENERALS WOUNDED. PARIS. March 18. General Mamoury. in charge of an army corps, and General de Villars, one of his divisional commanders, have been wounded while inspecting French trenches which were situated about 33 yards from the enemy's advanced lines. GERMAN LINES CAPTURED. PARIS. March 13. A communique issued in Paris at midnight on JiViday says: "After repulsing two strong counter-attacks the British forces captured part of the German lines in the Pietre region, taking 400 men prisoners. We captured several trenches in the Mesnil] region and advanced 200 metres in the Rcichackerkopf district of Alsace." "THE STREET OF HELL" PARIS, March 15. an official communique published in Paris this afternoon says The Belgians have progressed to the bend of the River Yser. The British in the Neuve Chapelle region have captured several German trenches, and have reached the road known as "The Street of Hell,' which runs to- ward;- the suburbs of Aubers. The French supported the British advance on the left and right with a heavy artillery, machine gun, and infantry fire. We have captured 150 German soldiers and six officers to the north-east of Mean it. The Germans, after a violent bombardment of Reichacker Kopf, in Alsace, attempted an attack on our position, but our fire checked them." THE DARDANELLES BOMBARDMENT CONTINUES. TURKISH FIRE IMPROVES. ATHENS. March 13. The Allied warships to-day destroyed a bridge near the town of Dardanelles (Kale-i-Sultaniye. or Chanak-Kalessia), on the east side of the Dardanelles, 20 miles south-west of Gallipoli. The bridge was used for the transport of artillery to the forts close by. The enemy's fire has recently improved, probably owing to the fact that German gunners are now employed. Six units have reinforced the Allied squadron which have bombarded the forts on the coast near Smyrna. The Turks have evacuated the coastal villages near Smyrna, and have fled into the interior. The officers of the British battleship Triumph, 11,800 tons, four 12 in. guns, relate that the Allied battleships were sometimes under a tornado of shells. The Triumph, which has been seventeen times in action in various parts of the world, since the war began has fired 2,000 rounds of ammunition, She has been hit fourteen times, and her funnel has been riddled with shot. A shell penetrated her turret, where fortunately there were only fifteen men, only one of whom was killed. Another shell entered the commander's cabin. When the landing parties blew up the Turkish forts huge pieces of wreckage were hurled so far that they fell On the im- Tipirlv across the Straits. LANDING FORCES, READY. PARIS, March 12. It is officially announced that apart from the force under General D made, which is at present concentrated in North Africa, sections of another force are already en route for the Dardanelles. It is intended to land them on the Gallipoli Peninsula to co-operate with the Allied warships in reducing the Turkish defences. BULLI0N~RËrVIOVED. ROME, March 13. The "NG ¡órnale d'Italia" states that all the bullion and papers belonging to the Ottoman Bank, the Deutsche Bank, and the Deutsche Orient Bank have been removed from Constantinople to Brouisa, in Asia Minor, owing to the fear of the success of the Allied attempt to force the passage of the Dardanelles. GERMAN GENERAL KILLED ROME, March 13. The "Giornale d'Italia" states that 20 Turkish officers and 300 men were killed during the first day's bombardment of the Dardanelles forts and that 1,000 Turks were killed on the second day. Included in the fatalities on the latter occasion was General von Klohe, the German commander of the Dardanelles defences. GERMAN PIRACY THE WILLIAM P. FRYE. AMERICANS INCENSED. LONDON, March 12. American newspapers of all classes to tiny publish savage comments concerning the sinking of the American ship William P. Frye by the German auxiliary cruiser Prinz Eitel Friedrich. The action is characterised as vandalism and piracy. Strong indignation is expressed in regard to the "'sublime impudence of the pirate in entering an American port to effect re- pairs The William P. Eyre was a steel four masted ship of 1,874 tons, owned by A. Sewall & Co., of Bath, in the state of Maine. She was built by that firm in 1901, and was 332 ft. long, 45 ft. 4 in. broad, and drew 26 ft. 2 in. She was one of the biggest ships built in America, and was a source of great pride to the shipping community. Her loss, especially as she carried nothing but wheat, and therefore I should not have been sunk. is very keenly | felt. _ NEUTRAL STEAMER SEIZED. COPENHAGEN, March 13. A German cruiser has seized in the Baltic Sea the Danish steamer Bryssel, 1,329 tons, which was bound from America to Stockholm with a cargo of oil. A British warship had previously examined and released the vessel after the officers had satisfied themselves as to the genuineness of the destination of the cargo. A RUSE THAT FAILED. LONDON, March 12. The passenger steamer Great Southern, during a trip from Rosslare, a port on the southeast coast of County Wexford, Ireland, to Fishguard, in Wales, noticed a two funnelled steamer endeavoring to head her off. The stranger flew a signal of distress, and in the meanwhile a German submarine appeared. The Great Southern made her escape by travelling at high speed. The decoy steamer then sailed away. The Great Southern is a steel twin-screw steamer of 193!) tons, owned by the Great Western Railway Company. BRITISH MERCHANT SHIPS. TOTAL LOST 73. LONDON, March 13. The British Admiralty officially announce that from the beginning of the war on August 5 to February 7 the number of British merchant ships sunk or captured by the enemy totalled 73, of which 11 were | destroyed by mines and 11 were sunk by submarines. In addition, 46 British fish- ing vessels during the same period were sunk or captured by the enemy of which 18 struck mines. Only one fishing- boat has been sunk by a mine since the submarine blockade was begun on February 18. BRITISH SHIPS SUNK. LONDON, March 14. The Admiralty officially announce the following disasters as. the result of German piracy: The steel screw steamer Headlands, 298 tons, belonging to R. Hardy & Co., of West Hartlepool was struck by a torpedo from a German submarine near the Scilly Islands, to the south of Land's End, Cornwall, on March 12. The crew are reported to have been saved. The Indian City and the Ellerman liner Andalusian, a steel screw steamer of 2,349 tons, wore also sunk off the Scilly Is- lands on March 12. The Adenwen was struck by a torpedo in the English Channel on March 11, but she was subsequently towed to the French harbor of Cherbourg. The Florazan was torpedoed on March 11 near the mouth of the Bristol Channel, but all the crew were landed, except one fireman, who went down with the vessel. The Invergyle Steamship Company's steel screw steamer Invcrgyle, 1.794 tons, was torpedoed off Cresswell, on the coast of Northumberland. She sank almost immediately, and all on board were drowned. The steamer Halldale was torpedoed on the morning of March 13, but was not sunk. The South Cock, 149 tons, belonging to the Liverpool Screw tonnage and Lightering Company, was torpedoed in the Irish Channel. Two of her crew were drowned, and 29 were saved. This outrage occurred on the morning of March 13. AN EARLIER REPORT. LONDON, March 13, 11.35 p.m. The British Admiralty state that the following British merchant ships have been torpedoed by German submarines since March 10:-"Adenwen (not sunk the Fk>raj«a (sinking not confirmed The Indian City (sunk, crew reported saved The Andalusian (sinking not confirmed, crew reported saved); Hart dare (not sunk)." SUBMARINE 1129 AGAIN. LONDON, March 14. The attack of the German submarine 129 on the steamer Indian City near the Scilly Islands was witnessed from the shore. The same submarine chased the steamer Head- land, and soon overtook her. She torpedoed the Headland directly her crew had quitted her, and afterwards pursued the Andalusian until she was out of sight of land. SWEDISH STEAMER SUNK. LONDON, March 14. The Swedish steamer Hanna, 1,573 tons, was sunk yesterday off Scarborough, on the Yorkshire coast. Fourteen members of her crew were saved, and six were lost. The latter were apparently killed by the explosion of the torpedo. An officer of the Hanna says he saw the torpedo coming, but the submarine itself was invisible. The II anna's name and nationality were painted on her side in letters so large that they reached from her rail to the water- line. The outrage was therefore of a wanton character. GERMAN HYDROPLANE LOST COPENHAGEN, March 14. A Danish trawler has picked up in the North Sea two floats belonging to a German hydroplane, which has apparently been lost. A SUDDEN PANIC. ARMS ABANDONED. PETROGRAD, March 14. An official dispatch from the Russian Commander-in-Chief published in Petrograd to-day says: "A sudden and inexplicable panic occurred among the Germans to the northward of Presbys. on the night of March 12, and it led to their retreat for a distance of four versts. In their flight they abandoned large quantities of rifles and am- munition." A vessel is a Russian measure of length containing 1,166 2-3 yards, or 3,500 feet. It is about two-thirds of an English mile. CARPATHIAN SNOWSTORMS. PETROGRAD, March 15. A communique published at Petrograd at midnight on Saturday says "Fierce snow storms are raging in the Carpathians and in Galicia. The situation everywhere is un- changed." SUCCESSES ON FRIDAY. PETROGRAD, March 13. A communique issued in Petrograd to-day says The Germans have assumed the offensive in the Seyney region. We annihilated the parties which crossed the river south of Gorlitze, in Galicia, and also made prisoners of three companies of Austrians. We carried the Ltrpkow Pass, as well as Smolgik, and the surrounding heights in the Carpathians by a flank attack, and captured four guns, seven maxims, and 4.000 prisoners. The Cossacks exterminated three squadrons of Prussian hussars at Niezwiska, in East Galicia." GERMAN GUNNERS KILLED. PETROGRAD, March 12. A communique issued at Petrograd this afternoon states: The Germans in the Pilitza region brought up new troops and advanced their field guns to the ground in front of our trenches. The German gunners were killed, but neither side was able to remove the guns." GERMANS AND SIBERIA. PEKIN, March 12. Captain von Pappenheim, a German military attache and his party, who escaped from Tsing-Tao before its capture by the Anglo-Japanese force, left Pekin after procuring Chinese passports, ostensibly for a hunting expedition. They have reached subside, and are proceeding to Manchuria with 20 camels and a great quantity of explosives. It is their intention, if possible, to blow up a portion of the Siberian railway. The Russians are endeavoring to capture Pappenheim, who offered a Chinese official fifty thousand roubles for assistance. BIG BATTLE APPROACHING. PETROGRAD, March 13. The concentration by the Germans of half a million troops on either side of the Russian, position mar Pt says in Northern Poland, to which reference was made on Thursday, indicates that another gigantic struggle is about to begin in that country. AFFAIRS IN CHILI. BOYCOTT OF GERMAN-OWNED 1 TRAMS. Melbourne, March 14. Writing to a relative in Melbourne, in January, a business man in Valparaiso states that Chili a very much affected by the war. as nitrate," for which Ger- many is the largest consumer, is the Chief export." He goes on to say that, although the wheat and barley crops will be good this year, the country generally is going to suffer, and employment for the majority of the people will be hard to find, j "Just at present," he says, "we have a boycott of the electric trams on. It is a German-owned company, and about five weeks ago it raised its fares from ten to twenty cents, and the public refused to pay. Each day at different spots, they raid the ears and smash the win- downs. Big windows were broken also at 6 cronan banks and at the German Con- estate. At one time it looked as if things would be serious. The result was that for about ten days we had tried town full of soldiers with Gatling guns, and the men got a bit excited. The tram? stopped running, and only recommenced about four days ago. However, the boycott continues, and 101 e passenger traffic is carried on by motor cars, drays, c, with seats (arranged an them." NAVAL OPERATIONS THE BAY AND TORPEDOED. NEARLY 200 DROWNED. LONDON, March 13. The Admiralty auxiliary cruiser Bayan was sunk on Thursday by a torpedo from a German submarine off the west coast while she was patrolling the coast. Twenty-six members of the crew were saved, but the commander and 13 officers and 194 men are missing. The steamer Castlereagh passed some wreckage and floating bodies with lifebelts attached to them on Thursday morning, and afterwards searched for survivors, but she was driven off, and subsequently chased by a submarine for 20 minutes. "Good Lad, Save Yourself." It was pitch dark when the Bayano was struck off Corsewall Point, a Scottish headland, near Port Patrick. She sank in a few minutes. Many of the crew were asleep at the time, but there was no panic. Everyone went to his post when the alarm was given. Some of the boats were cut away in readiness for launching, but they were smashed in their descent. Captain Carr, the commander of the Payne. said to a sailor who was giving out lifebelts to the crew, and who offered him one. "Good lad. save yourself." "*.' He stood on the bridge cool and collected as the ship went down. The bulk of the men were drawn into the vortex, caused by the steamer as she sank, and one sailor was jammed between the funnel and the stay and carried down into the sea. He released himself and came to the surface. The steamer Balgrino rescued 15 of the crew, who were terribly exhausted, as they had been struggling for four hours in the sea. Some of them were clinging to an upturned boat, and others to rafts. The patrol ship Tara rescued eight other men. A South Australian on Board. Mr. Ronald SinclaEr-Wood, a son of Mrs. Sinclair-Wood, Barton-terrace, who was born at Mount Gambier thirty years ago, is believed to have been on board the Beyond. His father was accountant at the Broken Hill Proprietary Company's smelters at Port Pirie for some years. The last letter received from Mr. Sinclair Wood stated that he was about to join the Bayona as an engineer. BLOCKADE TIGHTENED. AN IMPORTANT DECREE. LONDON, March 14. A Press Exchange telegram from Paris states that a decree tightening the blockade of Germany will be issued this week. The decree has been drafted by the British Admiralty and the French Minister of Marine conjointly. It orders that all ships bound towards Germany shall be seized, irrespective of the flag they bear, and shall be taken to a French port for examination. The question whether or not a German ship shall be taken as a prize or shall be sunk is left to the discretion of the captors. Provision will be made for the purchase of any merchandise seized. THE DRESDEN AGAIN. VALPARAISO, March 13. The German cruiser Dresden, which is believed to have been interned in Argentine waters, has sunk the steel barque Conway Castle, 1,694 tons, belonging to the Conway Castle Shipping Company, of London. The crew of the vessel have arrived at Valparaiso. ALMOST CAPTURED. ANTWERP, March 13. A released prisoner who was recently on board the German cruiser Karlsruhe said he heard that when the cruiser Glasgow recently ceased chasing her in the South Atlantic Ocean the Karlsruhe only had five tons of coal on board. She would have been caught had the pursuit continued. MORE SUBMARINES. AMSTERDAM, March 13. The Amsterdam "Telegraaf" states that Reuter's Agency confirms the report that 500 workmen are engaged by the Germans in hurriedly building more submarines. CARGO OF OIL SEIZED. CHRISTIANIA, March 13. The Norwegian Customs authorities have forced the Norwegian steamer Helga, 2,631 tons, to unload a cargo of marrow oil destined for consignees at Lubeck, in Germany. KRONPRINZ WILHELM PREY. BUENOS AYRES, March 13. The German auxiliary liner Kronprinz Wilhelm has sunk the French steel twin screw steamer Guadeloupe, 6,000 tons, belonging to the General Trans-Atlantic Steamship Company, of Havre. The Guadeloupe was captured near Fernando do Noronha, an island in the South Atlantic, 125 miles from the eastern extremity of Brazil. BROKEN HILL FUNDS. Broken Hill, March 14. The Broken Hill branch of the Red Cross Society has so far raised iSB9 in cash, besides large quantities of goods for soldiers. The society is now raising money for motor ambulance. AUSTRALIA'S FIGHTING FORCE. Melbourne March 14. Apart from men on active service there was a total active and reserve force in the Commonwealth on December 3 last of 115,877. In addition there were 138,170 junior and senior cadets The total including militia, junior and senior cadets, permanent forces, and rifle clubs, is 5,561 officers and 248,486 of other ranks, making a total strength of *_ri,047. During the present week 602 new recruits were sent out to the training camp at - Broadmeadows. They were all enrolled in the Victorian area POSITION OF ITALY A GERMAN BRIBE. SPONTANEOUS OFFER. ROME, March 12. The Italian Government have officially denied that they either initiated or urged on any negotiations with Germany, with the object of securing territorial concessions from Austria, in Trentino or elsewhere, as an inducement for the continuance of the neutrality of Italy in the present war. Germany, they declare, spontaneously offered her intervention, with the object of satisfying Italian aspirations, and the Italian Government replied that they were ready to examine the offer. PURE IMAGINATION." MEAN GERMAN TRICK. ROME, March 13. Signor Martino, Minister for the Colonies in the Italian Cabinet, speaking in the Chamber of Deputies to-day in reply to questions from members of the Left, said: "All rumors that Italy has come to in agreement with Austria are without foundation and are based on pure imagine a tion." Arms in Beer Barrels. The Italian Customs officials at Venice have seized two truckloads of barrels, pur : porting to contain beer and consigned from [Berlin to a firm in Tripoli. There were '92 barrels in all, and on examination they were found to contain rifles and ammuni- tion of French manufacture intended for the Arabs. Apparently French arms were sent by the Germans with the intention of causing the Italians in Tripoli to imagine that they had been dispatched from France. ITALY AND NEUTRALITY. The Rome correspondent of the "Daily Mail," writing at the beginning of February, said An ex-Premier of Italy (SCg nor Giolitti) has been accused of plotting to overthrow the Cabinet, with the object of averting intervention. The "Tribuna" published a letter written by Signor Giolitti on January 2, with a view to setting things right. Signor Giolitti, writing to a friend, deplored the facility with which legends are formal, and says he knows Prince von Bulow, the special Ambassador from Germany, and esteem- his generous character and friendship for Italy. He admitted having visited him in Rome, but declares that the conversation was purely academical, and that Italy's attitude was not touched upon. He added that his adhesion to the party of absolute neutrality is another legend, since he considers that war, though a misfortune, is necessary when the country's honor and interests are at stake. Signor Giolitti says it would be a mistake to plunge Italy into war simply out of sentimental regard for other people. It is possible that Italy may obtain certain advantages without intervention, but the decision as regards Italy's attitude belongs properly to the Government only, which he sup" ports. Hence he declares that the rumor of his plotting to bring about a crisis is unfounded. The ex-Premier's letter is commented upon unfavorably by the Italian press, and sensational developments are expected shortly after the reopening of Par- amenta The fact that Signor Giolitti, while professing to support the Salandra Cabinet, declares that Italy can reap advantages from the present situation without intervention, implies his approval of von Bulow's efforts to avert intervention, and justifies the suspicion that he aims at a return to power to uphold the neutrality policy. The pro-German press is naturally jubilant, but Signor Giolitti letter is severely condemned in the independent journals, which point out that Italy's absolute neutrality will lead to a dangerous isolation. WORKERS AND WAR DEMANDS OF MINERS. LONDON, March 13. As the outcome of meetings of the Conciliation Board in connection with the wages paid by the colliery proprietors in England and North Wales, amended proposals will be submitted to the owners by the men, and it is now considered unlikely that there will be a strike of miners. The South Wales Miners' Federation have rejected an offer of 10 per cent, advance on their wages as a war bonus. GERMAN BITTERNESS. SHORTAGE OF FOOD. LONDON, March 13. The Copenhagen correspondent of the Daily Chronicle" states that the residents of North Germany complain bitterly of the further reduction made by the German Government in their daily allowance of bread. The Socialist press, in referring to the latest restriction in the food supply of the people, declares that it is proof that Ger- many is fighting a losing battle." In accordance with the suggestion of the German Government, many of the wealthiest citizens of Germany have gone abroad, and it is estimated that quite 20,000 of them have already arrived in Copenhagen. REDUCING WHEAT PRICES. LONDON, March 12. The War Emergency Committee, appointed by the labor Party, owing to their dissatisfaction concerning the attitude of the Imperial Government in respect to the prices of food, summoned a national conference, which met in London on Friday to discuss the subject. Mr. A. Henderson, member for Barnard Castle and chairman of the Parliamentary Labor Party, presided, and a resolution was passed urging the Government compal sorily to reduce the price of wheat and to obtain control of ships in order to lessen freights. SOUTH AFRICA REBELS REPENTANT..! BLOEMFONTEIN, March 9. The rebels who participated in the recent rising led by General de Wet and the late General Beyers in the Orange Free State have resolved to pay for all damage caused. Some loyalists have merely claimed the cost price of the articles commandeered, HERTZOG AND THE » REBELLION. / CAPE TOWN, March 18. General Hertzog, in the House of Assembly yesterday, moved the resolution of which he had given notice, affirming that the South African rebellion was due to the unconstitutional action of the Government in detaining members without formula tins charges against them, and also to their having proclaimed martial law without first summoning Parliament. He admitted that the Government had done their duty in suppressing the recent "disorder," which £9 the phrase he used to characterise the rebellion. Mr. Never (Chairman of Committees) announced that Beyers on August 14 told the rebel commandants that they were going to the border to receive German guns and ammunition, and would return to Pretoria to establish a Republic. in ABSOLUTE CONTRABAND, LONDON, March l. The "London Gazette" to-day announces the following additions to the list of an-,. absolute contraband Raw wool wool tops nails, woollen and worsted yarns, and the sides. GENERAL WAR NEWS. WELSH DISESTABLISHMENT. LONDON, March 13. 9 The Welsh Radical members of the House of Commons are very angry with the Prime Minister (Mr. Asquith) for introducing a Bill to postpone the coming into operation of the Welsh Church, Dis- establishment Act until six months after the war. They are tabling many amendments in the Government measure which is designed to bring about the postponement, t RELIEVING DOCK PRESSURE. LONDON, March 13. ; in order to relieve the congestion of the traffic in the docks along the Thames the Port of London Authority are erecting additional sheds with a storage capacity of 35,000 tons. A large part of these sheds have been completed during the last three weeks, and the whole of them will be finished within two months. THE OLYMPIC GAMES. ' _ ATTITUDE OF GERMANY. AMSTERDAM, March 14. i - General Podbielski, president of the Genoa man Olympic Games Committee, now proposes to cancel the Olympiad it was proposed to celebrate in Berlin in 1910. It is feared that few German athletes will survive the war, or that if they do, most of them will be wounded. It is proposed to sell the Stadium in Berlin, which cost £2,000,000 to build. <" The Kaiser took a great interest in the coming Olympiad, and he had done everything in his power to encourage the trains ing of athletes in every branch of sport with the object of manifesting the pre-eminence of Germany at the next Olympia Games. BRUTALITY AT LILLE. COPENHAGEN, March 13. ' At public meetings of the inhabitants of Lille, in northern France, which is in the hands of the G et mans, the citizens have protested against the increasing persecute tions by the Germans of residents of the city. Many of them have been court-yard trailed and sentenced to death, because of an allegation that they were organising, a massacre of German troops. The city has been further fined 500,000 francs, with an additional penalty of 5,000 francs because the citizens cheered some French citizens taken through the town. (Continued on next page.) THE (Continued from Page 7.) A GERMAN BRUTES. TYRANNY TO PRISONERS. : A CRUEL SENTENCE. AMSTERDAM. March 13. '' Mr. John Bramble, a British prisoner of war, has been sentenced to 30 months' imprisonment by the Germans on charges of disrespect and disobedience. Mr. John Bramble, who is interned in the Prussian fortress of Spandau, was on January 30 remanded on a charge of assaulting a German sergeant, who struck him with a whip. Mr. Bramble afterwards ran among the other prisoners to escape being murdered, and a soldier of the Landwehr, firing at him, killed another prisoner. BULAIR BOMBARDED. PARIS, March 14. Two British battleships bombarded Bulair "fresterday, while two other battleships bom regarded the light batteries commanding "Morto Bay, near the entrance of the Dardanelles, to prevent repairs from being effected by the Turks. A French division is continuing the operations against Bulair, and also Morto Bay. ANOTHErTÖUTRAGE. LONDON, March 13. a steamer, believed to belong to a Swedish company, has been mined and sunk ¡ off Scarborough. Two members of the crew were killed, and the rest were picked up. A GREAT RUSSIAN. COUNT DE WITTE DEAD. PETROGRAD. March 14. The death was announced in Petrograd yesterday of Count Sergius de Witte, the celebrated Russian statesman, at the age of 66 years. Count de Witte, who was a member of the Council of the Empire, was born at Tiflis on June 29, 1849. 31s father was Director of the Department of Agriculture in the Caucasus, and he was descended from a family of Dutch immigrants!: to Russia. Count de Witte was educated at the University of Odessa, and entered the railway service. He also worked as a journalist, and he became chief superintendent of the Odessa railway. During -the Russo- Turkish war he was director of the traction on the South-West railways. In 1889 he became Director of the Railway Department at the Ministry of Finance, and president of the Tariff Commission. In 1892 he was made Minister of Ways and Communications, and in August of the same year he became Minister of Finance, and in that capacity he was responsible for the Portsmouth treaty, which ended the Russo-Japanese war in 1905. He formed the first Russian Constitutional Ministry, of which he was President in the same year, but retired in 1900. He possessed the highest Russian and foreign orders, was (honorary member of the Imperial Academy of' Science, and of most of the benevolent and scientific societies in Russia, and was an honorary citizen of 15 Russian towns He wrote an important work on the principles of railway tariff. OPENING A MILITARY DRILL HALL. The large military drill hall and suite riff offices, erected on spacious grounds at Thomas-street, Unley, to form the new headquarters of the 74th (Boothby) Infantry were officially opened on Saturday afternoon. His Excellency the Governor Sir Henry Galway, who is honorary colonel of the battalion, arrived at 4 o'clock, the regimental band played the National An- them, and his Excellency inspected the members of the battalion, senior cadet-, and representatives of other branches who were present on parade. Sir Henry Galway was escorted over the grounds and build- urge, the officers accompanying him, or taking part in the proceedings, being the Commandant (Colonel Irving!, the Brigadier G Colonel J. Rowell, CB.), Colonel Dean, Lieutenant-Colonels Dollman and Sheppherd, Majors Smeaton, Could, Connor, and Hughes, Captains Hardy and Barrows, and Captain Stone, Lieutenant Morris, and Master Gunner Paul (representing Fort Largs), and C.P.O. Oanie Ton (representing the Naval Brigade). In addition to the men and cadets on parade there was a large attendance of visitors. The Commandant handed the key of the premises to Colonel Rowell, who committed it to the care of Lieutenant Colonel Dollman, saying g as he did , "I have much pleasure in handing you the key of this parade ground and drill hall. The drill hall was then open to the inspection of the public. The new hall is on a large block of land in Thomas-street, and can be approached either from Thomas-street or Arthur-street, The hall, which is constructed of galvanized iron and wood, is built to the design known in the department as type 2 and measures 100 ft. by 50 ft. The walls are 15 ft. high, and the height to the apex of the gable is about 50 ft. There are eight convenient- offices on the eastern side of the structure, and these are equipped with desks and other fittings. On the western side are four store rooms. The structure is well ventilated, and the lighting arrangements are excellent. Electric light is installed. The regimental band played military, and patriotic selections under the direction of Bandmaster Correll. The Mayor of Unley (Mr. T. E. Yelland) was present. THE ROLL OF HONOR. "Faithful Unto Death. DIED AT SEA. Melbourne. March- 14. The death occurred on board the Kyarra on the voyage out to Australia from Egypt of Harold Ernest Amos, of B Company, 2nd Battalion, who died on March t. His next-of-kin is Mrs. S. Amos. 75, Darley road, Manly, New South Wales. DEATHS ON THE AUSTRALIA. Melbourne, March 14. The Navy Office has been notified of the following deaths on board H.M.A.S. Australia 'Able Seaman Conrad Stretton died on March 12, as a result of congestion of the lungs Ordinary Seaman William Kenneth Buck died of pneumonia on March 11. Mr. Stretton gives an Englishman. The relatives of Mr. Buck reside in Tasmania. AUSTRALIA'S FLEET SEARCHING FOR THE GERMANS. NOW NEW GUINEA WAS CAPTURED. Melbourne, March 13. The Defence Department has issued a report by Commander Cumberlege, of the Royal Australian Navy, of the operations of the Australian destroyers in the Pacific, when searching for the German fleet at the beginning of the war. Commander Cura besiege reports that information as to the declaration of war was received on August 5 and the Sydney, the Warrego, and the Yarra arrived at Thursday Island late on the same date. The destroyers were prepared for war. On August 6 the three ships proceeded to a' rendezvous in the Pacific, where they met the flagship and the Parramatta on August 9. On August 14 the Sydney and the destroyers parted company with' the flagship. Their orders were to the effect that the Sydney would lead them to a point one mile off Pard Point, where the destroyers would part company and proceed with the attack of the two harbors of Matupi and Simpsonshafen where it was thought probable that the German ships Scharnhorst, Gneisenau, Nurnberg. and perhaps the Komata and Planet would be found. "The four ships proceeded at 20 knots to the rendezvous, some 70 miles away, and the report proceeds, we crept round the harbor, close in to the port hand shore, and found ourselves passing the high beehive weeks. While in the middle of the harbor we could not imagine why they did not switch on the search- lights and come to business. It must be borne in mind that not only we in the de- strikers were convinced that the enemy were waiting, sue me information supplied, was given as a practical certainty. It was not until I found myself close to Rabaul' pier that it occurred to me that the harbor was empty. We steamed about, not the slightest notice being taken of us. I believe that no one had the faintest notion that we were even in the harbor. We searched the harbor thoroughly, and found a few small craft, which were not molested, and having spent about an hour and a half on this duty, came out and reported to the Sydney, having passed through all the excitement preceding a night attack for nothing. The Yarra had already returned to the Sydney having found Matupi blank. We then went round the coast to Talkie Bay to reconnoitre those Darts, when, the moon having risen, a brilliant night ensued. Whilst here we intercepted a German wireless message reporting that the three war vessels were in Table Bay, which goes to show that our reconnaisance of the harbor had not been observed. As a matter of fact, they admitted next day that no ships had been seen in the harbor during the night." The report goes on to describe the subsequent landing at Simpsonshafen. Herbertshohe, and Rabaul, and the fruitless search they made for the subsequently dis- covered wireless station. The report con- cludes "It is worthy of note that this operation was carried out within six days of the declaration of war at some 2,000 miles from the destroyers' nearest base, and that the destroyers had been at sea for six weeks previously, and I consider I this reflected the utmost credit on the effi I ciency of all concerned." DIED WHILE TRYING TO ESCAPE. A A GERMAN OFFICER IN SYDNEY. Sydney. March 14. Lieutenant Katzer, a German officer who was on parole, died from apoplexy in Sydney Harbor under sensational circumstances yesterday. It is believed that he went on board the steamer Sonoma, having arranged with an accomplice to tie securely the cover of a lifeboat after he had lain in the bottom of it. As the tying was done from outside there does not seem to be much doubt that someone was aiding him in making his escape. The vessel was searched under the direction of the mili- tary' authorities, and unfortunately the absconder was overlooked. The blazing sun poured down on the boat as the Sonoma slowly made its way down the harbor, and the sufferings of Cheer can well be imagined. When in the vicinity of the heads one of the passengers thought he heard groans from the direction of the boat, and a hurried inspection revealed Catzer in a dying condition. He was lying on his? back under one of the seats and gasping for breath. The Sonoma was here to and the water police launch communicated with. Catzer was taken off, but died on the way up the harbor. Lieutenant Katzer was about 35 the years of' age, and had seen military service in various parts of the world, but lately had been managing a plantation in New Guinea. On the outbreak of hostilities he was called into active service by the Go-. eminent of New Guinea, and took part in the recent operations there. RECRUITING AT KESWICK. | The military authorities reported on Saturday that they had that day examined 111 volunteers. Of this number 9 were accepted as fit and 2 were considered unfit. The week's totals are as follows-First, 159; unfit, I do. Quartermaster Armorer Sergeant C. 0. Provis, who sustained an accident recently in Egypt, is progressing satisfactorily, and his old St. Peter's College chums express the wish that he will have a speedy recovery and be able to proceed with his comrades when they leave Egypt for the front. 