Cairns >T (For tUt "X. Q. miB'.er.1? riAlRN'S. Mny »• . Subscriptions to the patriotic funa have now reached £tf22, of Wliich £26' has been disbursed. Tho Belgian Fund feu reached 11324, of 'which UX4 htf been expended. A horse nnd a tailor made dress or suit are the* latest dona tions, and these will be disposed of by art union, tho proceeds of which will materially augment the fund. As was anticipated, competition at tho long, delayed Government sale of business and rasldonee filths in tho Bablnda township was slack, only seven of tho former and four of iho latter being disposed of,, the pric«J received being a,'trifle ovor the upset. Owing to tho long delay in bringing matters la a head, many would tyj buyers were salted outride the area/],* Tho masterly h&ndllnp;*nT Hie Mou rttyan by Captain Minwftm U tho ^ub j«'t of much eulogistic comment, on Tuesdays /and Wcdfte.s<ia>v, v.-1 if- n the jjerUin^-.o at tho concrete wharves is severely taxed, it Is it case of dWil take the hindmost and bnro npnce is loit, a matte? of two or three feet only being allowed. This does not appear lo affoct the gonial skipper, for he cornea along as if h* had the whole Inlet to manoeuvre jn, and berths Ills ship without a bump. Passengers af firm that the dop^turo from Port Douglas, stem first, In all florts of wea ther, along tho narrow cutting, Is no thing short of marvfjlous, and when It U resUiaetl that the ship is bound to a Htrlct timrstablo and every minute Is of value, the hcnnllt of having such a man in charge cannot be over-esti mated. i: The R.I.B.N. pt earner I^rncrielc, vHh 200 odd immigrants on buaitl, called in on Monday evening, and landed some. 800 toas of cargo Operations of the .Ambulance brigade during April included attendance on S7 accidents, UA severe and 203 alight of fice cases, and 31 transports, the toUJ distance covel^d being 751? miles. YTU4 the limited start which j£ now main tained for economical n^isons, this 14 a good record, and it 14, plenstng to, know that the public appreciate it* and when approached, respond readily* The Saturday night collections .At the wharves continue to realise an average of £2 lis, and a word ot praise nut be given to the willing ladles nt tllft i Rod Crust League who turn out rolun-; , tarily wet or dry to lure the tristyla sixpence. k- *• Tho W.r.O. apparently real tot thai m close contest on tho 22nd is tnevttajriii i for wry voter jn tho Cairns eZectonttf Is getting a reminder that Short <lto4 Cormack)' is "the" man, not COdttr* On the Liberal side, with the fcKcepfJw, of Mr Mucrossan, who Is putting in^ai4 strenuous campaign, there If no s&tfe; apparent. * Failure to notify the Electoral trar of change of address and woflr^ other evasions of the Act has oiuiefl the appearance ot quite a number-o*-. people in the Pollco Court recently. The majority of the cases have been dismissed or withdrawn, a clerical er ror on the part of the constable com piling the roil having been proved. la the case of a conviction the averaf* line was 2s 6d with 3s 64 costs. A case that might have had serious consequences occupied the Bench for three days last week. A man named Chas. Anderson was charged with hav ing committed a serious offence on a woman named Grace Mitchell, at Gor donvale. The complainant stated that she went for a walk with Anderaon one night, and that he# gave her a. drink of whisky, which she averred wsa drugged, nnd which sent her to sleep. The offence was then committed. A se vere examination by defendant's colist ed elicited a statement from the woman as to her condition prior to the alleged offence. This was in direct contraven tion to medical testimony, submitted by Dr. Clarke, who examined her. This fact, combined with want of evidence, no doubt influenced the Bench, and the cose wafi dismissed. This community has been well catered for lately in the matter of amusement. St- Leon's Circus, O'Connor's Comlo Opera Company, the World's Enter tainers, have each come and gone, and Incidentally taken away a lot of gootf money, for thoy tverfe well patronised. The throe picture shows still continue to draw pood hoiux/s, and If it were not for tlioxe lamentable casualty list* which are coming along we would-be fairly happy. Fame pood "wis**" arA arriving from th»» TuhMund, the bent to dale Is ft toothpick mt.«ai»uTing H4ft. in girth* whli>h was railed from Tumouttn for on? vi tb* local sawmill*. At the monthly meeting of the nical College directorate, Uie secretary reported that since the last meeting the credit balance had risen from £99 to £1)2. Of this amount £70, had been placed In the Government Saving! Bank. Mr E. TTenriqnes was re-elected Pr®* stdent of the Penny Savings Bank for the ensuing )S months. It was an nounced that the bank was now in » position to loan £260 on approved se curity. By the Kanowna on Saturday we lost two sterling good follows in Gorw don Wilson, of tho Q.N. Bank* and Alf. Wriggles, our papular station* rooster. The former goes to Towns* vMe, and the latter to Plttsworth. Father McCoy has Jeft us to talc«* charge of the Croydon parish. On Saturday afternoon at a meeting of the SodnMy of St. Monica's the worthy rather was presented with a gold watch and a travelling rug, while the children gave him a leather dressing case. As a result of the Mar Day sports, the patriotic fund will benefit to the extent ot £30, and the Red Cross fund £36, the larger amount being on aooount of the good service rendered by the ladies of the Society during the day. The innovation of daylight meetings ot the Harbor Board will he welcomed by country members and pressmen. Hitherto the meetings OTnmenced at 7.30 p.m., and continued until one and two a.m., and this was unsatisfactory to all concerned. Next meeting will commence at 10 a.m., and the principal item on the agenda paper will be a revision of the Board's tariff, some drafttlc changes being hinted at. Mr and Mre Charles LJlley departed by the Kanowna on Saturday for 8yd* ney. whet* they will in future reside. There was a lfirpe crowd at the wharf to wjeh the worihy couple bon yoj* The German publicity office in Dres den asked the Danish press, "in the Interests of truth." to give publicity to n number of grave charges against the treatment or finrman prisoners In Kngiand. On«? of Uie leading papers lti the country announced that, "in Die Jn 1"rests of iruth." st hid consigned the Charcfp irt the waete-papflr 