{HOME & FOREIGN CABLES HOME MABKET8. J LONDON, Thursday.-In the home markets butter is easier *11 round.' oirlug to weakness. Danlah end ? Australian choicest is quoted at i 136/- to 188/-, exceptional 149/-. j WHEAT SHIPS WANTED. I LONDON," Thursday.-Hie Italian Government has decided to comman deer merchantshlps for the transport of cereals*. 1 THAMES SHIPPING. I/JNDON, Thursday.-The conges* tlon on the Thames is lessoning. Dutch barges have been used for the temporary storage of cargoes. 'ANARCHY IN MEXICO. MliXICO CITY, Thursday .-The provisional President, General Gana, has e-acuated the capital. Carazau ists are threatening to enter with a large amy- Hundreds of people are star-tag. Railroads are idle, lacking fuel, and general anarchy prevails. IMMIGRATION BILL. VETOED. WASHINGTON, Thursday.-Presi dent Wilson has vetoed the Iumlgra* tion Bill, on the grounds that he dis approved of the literary test. COUNTY CRICKET. ; LONDON, Thursday.-The Advis ory Committee on county cricket has decided that there will be no, county competitions thlB year, but if the war is ended each county may ar . range a programme. The following is an extract from a 'letter from the Kjyarra, received fcjyi a Brisbane resident: "Hie UueeDg * land privates have bad all the .worst of the [accommodation, and have taken their intense discomforts like , men and feoldiera. 1 cannot help j saying what :a lot I think of lhcm.14 : this respect, and in others. Up to the time the contingents from the other States joined us 1 d[<l "tot'hear u bad word. The atmosphere hoe not been quite so clean since we left Sydney. There have been n. few punishments in the guard room, but uo Uieenslanders have had it. I think myself tliut it is highly pro bable that this good condition of th iigs amongst our fellows is due to tho quiet lnlluence of C.\\\italn Fo.xton on them. He is a right pood sort, and everyone, including the privates, is very fond of hiin." | Colonel Holmes, loto Administra tor "t Ilnbuul, at present in Mel bourne on war business,/ In the course of a brief Interview, stated that most peorlo in Australia appeared to in.' agine that (Jerman Nciv Guinea u'nB now a British possession. They mis took British military occupancy for annexation. At present tho colony w js iik'MV under British udmintstru-i tion, and Its future must, necessarily remain undetermined until tho con clusion ot the war. 