SUMMAKY. TIia 1JJ n t-__ As a result o( tho French victory at Coronoy, 2000 prisoners woro taken. Tho . attacking French troops displayed furious determination. Carried away hy thoir ardor, tho French troops auvanccu Doyona mo poini. uiemiuucu ju their orders, and lost rather seriously. Captured German officers said: "Your firing was mathematical, and tho infantry advanced so quickly that It was Impossible to resist." Tho French guns battered tho German trenches with terrific effect, hurling men and - earth high into the air. At Aubers/ tho British infantry's advance was. mado in tho face of a murderous lire. Tho lines woro rent and battered, but tho remnants pushed ou, although tho men .were falling in clusters. It Is asserted that tho German offensive has reached a desperato phase. Tho enemy con tinues to make reckless attacks in denso for mation, and tho losses aro very great. Owing to recent reinforcements, tho British lino 13 now stronger than over. Tho troops aro astonishing thoir own officers by their coolness and daring. Enormous streams of Gorman wounded aro arriving at Courtral and Haulers. Wounded Germans assert that tho British drovo their troops backhand that the butchery was ter rible. After a desperate six hours' light, tho Allies dislodged tho Turks from tho heights of Krlthia, and entrenched themselves. Steadily, tho Allies aro pushing tho Turkd back. Tho preparations at Tcnedos end l«m- nos to rcjnforco tho Allies aro described as colossal. . - A German communlquo claims that tho Ger-< man advanced troops aro before Przemysl. Slgnor Salandra, Italian Prime Minister, who. retired from office because ha could not obtain tho support of all parties, aud who is in favor of war, has beoa Invited to remain In power. Great oxcltemont was caused in Italy when it was announced that Italy, on May 4, had de nounced her treaty with Austria, and concluded a new treaty with the Entento. The Austrian and German embassies and consulates in Homo aro protcctod by troops, and 25,000 additional troops have been brought to tho city. Violent pro-war demonstrations havo boon held. . Orders have been Issued for tho arroBt of- all enemy aliens In London. Many aro voluntarily surrendering, but tho pollco aro arresting hun dreds of others. "If another American ship Is torpedoed, tlio Atlantic fleet must start for tho war zone."— New Yorl: "Herald." Dr. Dernburg, who Justiflod tho sinking of tho Lusitauia, iu leaving America immediately, as tho Government objects to his attitude. Tho German Admiralty states that tho Lusi- tania was torpedoed onco, and her rapid sink ing must be attributed to tho explosion of tho omunitlou which was on board. A Danish steamer, tho Marthat, was tor-n - pedoed oft Aberdeen. Her crew of IS escaped. During ,tlio week ended May 12 six vessels were sunk, by submarines, tho tonnago aggre gating 47,564, tho greatest sinco tho beginning of tho war. Casualties among the officers of tho British army and navy Tor tho past fortnight total 1674. Tho cnli for recruits is being admirably, answered in the State. For six days up to Sat urday night tho number totalled 1506. About 200 young men congregated outside tho Deutscher Turn Voroin Club in Fltzroy, Mel bourne. The polieo drew their batons and dispersed tho wild mob. j Tho Minister for. Defence, interviewed, said ho : could say nothing nt present as to whothor tho : Federal Government would Intern all enemy aliens. "Cost of living— A report by the Commonwealth Statistician oil tho cost of living showod tho aggre-i gate result lor tlio 30 towns covered by tho in vestigations shows that prices wero 13.2 pop cent, higher in April this year than la July last. ' The increase sinco tho outbreak of war was greatest in Queensland, and least In New South Wales. Thu resale is to reduce tho rolatlvo cost of food and groceries In Sydney compared with other towns. Sugar Shortage— ' . A conferoneo is to bo held to-day botweeri tho Necessary Commodities Control Commis sion nnd tho Victorian Price of Goods Board to discuss tho sugar shortage. Tho Fremier. of .Queensland stated- that tho effects of tho drought in tho sugar districts havo been very severe, but somo districts wero recovering as tlio result of recont rains, Mr. Tudor said that tho proposed reduction of fluty was a matter which Cabinet would have to deal with, and it would then bo for Parliament to tako whatever action Was deemed necessary. Labor — A meeting of miners at Nowcastlo decided tlmt the State Government should provido work to relievo tho distress existing among a sec tion of tlio mining community. Tho boilermakors' dispute at Sydney has boon settled, and the men will resume work to-day. Tho pay nt the KurrI ICurri collieries for tha last fortnight lias not averaged more than half- time. .. Sporting — Probably 24,000 or 25,000 people witnessed Saturday's Rugby League games. Tlio winning clubs wero South Sydney, Glebo, Eastern Sub urbs, and Balmain. At tho Canterbury Park races on Saturday tho principal ovont was won by Orama, Trino- buntos being second, and Magas third, Duko Ahvyne won tho Newcastle Cup, run on' Saturday. Firm was second, and Blueberry, The four-bowl championship of the State was concluded on Saturday afternoon, resulting "in Lawson (Ashfleld) being returnod champion, General — It is statod that tho collections in tho Statoi for Belgian Day will be sure to rench £100,000, but for about a week It will be impossible to give tho exact figures. Mr. Donham expects a triumphal Liberal " victory at next Saturday's Queensland cloctions. Mr. Robertson, tho Queensland representa tive at tlio Puuuma Exhibition, is to ho asked to represent Australia. According to n roport received by tho Pre mier tho Canadian Government is restricting immigration. , Mr. A. L. Lonsdalo, of Chatswood, and well k-noivn In business circles in Sydnoy. has booh asked to contest tho Armidulo soat at ono tlmo neld by his lata father. The gold yiold of Australia during the first lour months ot tho current year totallod 668 672 lino ounces, ns agninBt 667,141 produced for tho corresponding period of lust year. Additional splendid rains havo fallon through out New South Wales, which has put an end to tho severe drought. Churches to tho number of 31 observed City Mission Sunday yesterday, whon tho city mis sionaries gave descriptive accounts of their work In the twelve mission districts. si Although Mr. Fisher has threatened to extend tho number of sitting days and longthen work ing hours unloss members mako speedier pro- gross with business, tho House' will not 'moot until "Wednesday, and the Senate on Thursday. Finance, Trade, and Shipping— Saturday morning was again quiot on tho sydnoy Stock Exchange, nnd In Investments a few minor variations only were apparont. Operations on tho mining section of tho Syd ney Stock Exchange on Saturday wero of satis factory volume for a woek-end. Both sales figures and quotations wore firm,' :wlth frequent advances. , v At tho London-Colonial wool sales on Satur day good competition ruled, and prices wero v harder oil round. To date 162,370 bales havo been catalogued and 143,157 bales sold. . : In London on Saturday tho wheat market was dull and occasionally lowor rates woro ac cepted. . " / On tho London metal cxchango.on Friday both spot and forwurd copper declined 17e 6d per ton. Tin also weakened 10s, but load firmed slightly. R.M.S. Ostorloy reached Adelaide on Saturday "-M from London. Malls by tho vessel aro expected - - at Sydney to-morrow. , ;'n Two steamers, supposed to be docoys. woro , >j mot by tho Stato Government trawler Gunun-- daal during tho voyage through tho Merltorra tienn to Sydnoy. A French cruiser hova in sight, aud tho vcssols made off. t i' Weather Forecast— "f" L "Some soattorod showers over the oaBterh and uorth-eastern dlstrlots, Fino ln- wostarn 'nroo.j i Cool generally, with squally west ; io> eouth-wcat J SSjai winds," . i v jfo «)3BiB 