THE COST OF WAR AGGREGATE DAILY EXPENSE £9,600,000 BELGIAN PROPERTY WORTH £268,000,000 DESTROYED ROUMANIA EXPECTED TO BEGIN NEXT MONTH GERMANY SAYS SHE CAN'T PAY ANY INDEMNITY ATTEMPT TO MURDER PRESIDENT POINCARE CAUSTIC CRITICISM OF PRESIDENT WILSON TURKISH CRUISER SHELLS TURKISH TROOPS THE POSITION SUMMARISED. A significant admission is made by a high official in Berlin that the German offensive is broken and that it is impossible to institute another campaign with any hope of victory. A German professor adds that the Alliess will not be able to squeeze any indemnity out of Germany, because she will fight to her last man and her last penny. Count von Moltke, however, declares that Germany will be able to maintain the contest until ''the enemy has had enough." There is no talk now of smashing France, pulverising Russia, and conquering Great Britain. There has been further desperate fighting in France, in which the Germans were beaten. An attempt on the part of German airmen to murder President Poincare is reported. The enemy are also said to have reinforced their armies in Alsace. His Holiness the Pope has demanded from the Germans an explanation con- cerning the arrest of Cardinal Mercier and the seizure of a letter sent to his Eminence from the Vatican. The Russians continue to exercise great pressure on the Austrians, who are fleeing beyond the Carpathians and into Ronmanio. The Germans, too, are evidently anxious concerning the invasion of East Prussia. The enemy has been driven back from Cracow towards Zenstochowa. Roumania, it is reported from the Bulgarian capital, will send her troops into Transylvania against the Austrians next month. Italy has floated her war loan. The trouble with Turkey concerning the out- rage at the Italian Consulate in Hodeida has been settled. Germans and Aus- trians are, however, leaving Italy, under instructions from their Governments. The Socialist paper, "Vorwaerts," has made an estimate of the aggregate daily cost of the war, which is set down at £9,600.000. Reports are published that the German cruiser Karlsruhe has been sunk, and that the German cruiser Bremen has been disabled. The German-officered cruiser Breslau has been distinguishing herself by bom- barding a Turkish position on the Black Sea coast. The Russian advance on Karaurgan has been temporarily checked by the massing of a large Turkish force, under German officers, at that place, which is near the Caucasian border. The contemplated attack on Egypt has apparently not been abandoned. The trials of rebels in South Africa are proceeding, and at present a Dutch clergyman, and a grandson of the late President Kruger are before the court. In the United States the Republican papers are sarcastically attacking Pre- sident Wilson for ignoring American obligations in respect to Belgium, and yet, at the instigation of the moneyed interests, seeking to embarrass Great Pritain in respect to the policing of the seas. The Viceroy of India (Lord Hardinge) bears eloquent testimony to the loyalty of the Indian troops and people. FRANCE AND BELGIUM OFFENSIVE BROKEN. BERLIN IN IGNORANCE. WILL FIGHT TO THE LAST. PARIS, January 13. A high personage in Berlin recently in- formed the Copenhagen correspondent of a Paris newspaper that the German govern- ing circles now recognise that the German offensive has been definitely broken. Germany, he declared, still has con- siderable resources, both of men and material, but she was not powerful enough to undertake a new and victorious offensive campaign. The public we still kept in ignorance of the real state of affairs. Cannot Pay an Indemnity. A message from Amsterdam states that while some German newspapers gravely ask their readers to believe that the people of London have been reduced to dire straits there has been a general and marked change in the tone of the German press in respect to the war. Professor Pariseval, in the course of an article in the ''Cologne Gazette," says:—"If Germany is defeated it will be impossible for her to pay any indemnity, because her last man will have fallen exhausted and her last penny will have been spent. This must be made clear to the enemies of Germany." COUNT VON MOLTKE'S THREAT. NEW YORK, January 12. Count von Moltke, who was until re- cently Chief of the Staff of the German Army, on being interviewed by an Ameri- can journalist in Berlin, stated that Russia and France had entered into the service of Great Britain, which was aiming at the extermination of German shipping, com- merce, and industry. "Germany," he added, "has 3,000,000 more soldiers, and the war will last until the enemy has had enough. Everybody in Germany, from prince to pauper, is filled with a determina- tion to stick to it and see it out at any price." HOW THREE FORTS FELL. PARIS, January 13. French prisoners who have escaped from captivity in Germany give some interesting accounts of the capture by the enemy of Montmedy, Charlemont, and Longwy, to the north-east of Verdun, on the borders of Belgium, early in the war. The big Austrian guns, which have a range of 7½ miles, battered Fort Charlemont to pieces, and the garrison surrendsred on September 1\. The Germans occupied Montmedy on August 29. The French had previously de- stroyed the defences and blown up the military stores and ammunition, as well as an important railway tunnel. The bom- bardment of Longwy began on August 21. The buildings were soon set on fire, but the garrison resisted the German attack for six days and nights, and only surrendered when the town was in ruins. Longwy is a fortified town in the arron- dissement of Briey, near the Belgian fron- tier, and is known as "the Iron Gate of France." Montmedy is a second class fortress, 22 miles south-east-by-east of Sedan. GERMANS IN ALSACE. AMSTERDAM, January 12. Strong German forces have been as- sembled at Spincourt, on the Meuse, and at Briey. north-west of Metz. It is esti- mated that 120.000 Germans are concen- trated at Metz, the great fortress in Alsace- Lorraine. THE INNOCENT. AMSTERDAM, January 12. An official message received from Berlin denies the allegations made by the French Commission, who recently reported that outrages had been perpetrated by the Germans, and states that the German commanders have always maintained dis- cipline and observed all the rules of war. A GERMAN CLAIM. AMSTERDAM, January 12. A German communique states:—French attacks at Grony and also to the east of Perthes have been repulsed with heavy losses. We captured a French point of support in the Argonne forest. The French losses at Argonne since January 8 have been 1,900 killed and wounded and 1,600 taken prisoners. French attacks to the south of St. Mihiel failed. The Russian offensive in North Poland has failed, and our attacks west of the Vistula are pro- gressing, despite the bad weather. A DESPERATE STRUGGLE. PARIS. January 12. A French communique states:—here has been violent cannonading from the sea to the Oise, in Northern France, and very lively fighting round the trenches north of Soissons, which we captured on Friday. On Sunday several German at- tacks were repulsed, and we captured more trenches. There have been artillery duels all along the line from Soissons to Rheims and Souain. There was a desperate strug- gle at the Beausejour redoubt (which the Germans tried lo retake). The enemy es- tablished trenches inside the fortifications, the salient parts of which we still hold. The struggle continues there. We repulsed German attacks at Consenvoye and La Bouchot Woods, which are on the Meuse heights. We surprised and routed a Ger- man company who were pillaging St. Sau- veur, near Cirey-sur-Vesouse. Snowstorms continue in the Vosges and in Alsace. ENGLAND'S GREAT WORK. PARIS, January 13. The London correspondent of the "Temps" considers that England's remark- able effort in improvising an army of 500,000 men, besides supplying the needs of her armies in Egypt and Mesopotamia and furnishing the Allies with everything they required at a time when their indus- tries were crippled by mobilisation or in- vasion, was a veritable tour de-force, which no other country could have achieved. FIGHT NEAR SOISSONS. PARIS, January 13. A Paris official communique published at midnight states:—Throughout the whole of last night the enemy violently bom- barded our positions on the plateau of Perrieres and Spur Hill No. 132, to the north-east of Soissons. The enemy made an important attack at the latter point, the result of which is not yet known. There were no important incidents on the rest of the front. POINCARE AT DUNKIRK. PARIS, January 13. President Poincare was at Dunkirk when the recent raid by German aviatore was made on that port. AN ASSASSIN'S HUMOR. DUNKIRK, January 13. The German airman who tried to drop a bomb on President Poincare was evi- dently misinformed by spies concerning the time of his arrival in Dunkirk. He also threw down a weighted streamer bearing the inscription "Good afternoon, Presi- dent Poincare." AUSTRALIAN PRISONERS. LONDON, January 13. A correspondent of the "Times" points out that Germany has already given pre- ferential treatment to British colonial prisoners. A party of Australians, who are interned in Berlin, are allowed to remain at their hotel, and are merely re- quired to report themselves to the mili- tary authorities twice weekly. THE SEAT OF WAR BETWEEN THE ALLIES AND TURKEY. INTERESTING LOCALITIES SHOWN ON THE MAP. The present map, which is purposely kept as free as possible of confusing names, shows the area of the campaigns of the Allies against the Turks. It also makes clear the relative positions of Roumania, Bulgaria, and Greece-the neutral Balkan States-as regards Turkey on the one hand and Serbia and Austria on the other. In the Black Sea the war was begun by Turkey, which dispatched the Goeben and the Breslau to bombard Sevastopol, Theodosia, and Novoro-sisk. More recently the Russians, in retaliation, have bombarded the Turks at Sinope, Khopa, and Trebizond, while the Allied squadron has bombarded the entrance of the Bosphorus. To day we are told the Turks have bombarded their own troops out of Khopa. The Russians also landed troops at Trebizond and penetrated into Armenia in the direction of Van, to the south of Erzerum. The smashing defeat recently inflicted on the Turks by the Russians took place in the Caucasus, the enemy's forces under Iskhan Pacha being cut up, captured, or scattered at Ardagan and Sarykamish. The attack of the Turks was made from the direction of Erzerum. British forces have recently occupied Shat-el-Arab, Basra, and Koweit, at the head of the Persian Gulf. The British have also landed troops at Akabah, at the head of the gulf of that name, to the south of the Sinai Peninsula. There are large British forces in Egypt, many Indian soldiers being stationed on the shores of the Suez Canal. The Australasian troops are camped at Cairo. The Turkish attack on Egypt, it is said, is to be launched from Damascus, by way of El Arish and the Sinai Peninsula. The Catholic Bishop at Haifa, near Damascus, was recently sentenced to death by the Turks, in absentia, for preaching in favor of the Allies. The British occupy Crete in strong force. Turkish army corps are stationed at Adria- nople, Constantinople, Erzerum, Van, Baghdad, Smyrna, Aleppo, Damascus, and other places, li there is any fighting with the Turks in which the Australasian troops will participate it will probably be near the shores of the Suez Canal. There is a wide stretch of desert sand to cross before the Turks can reach their objective in Egypt. Jerusalem is at present under the dominance of the Germans. ARMY DOCTORS RELEASED. LONDON, January 13. Five British army doctors have been re- leased after being in captivity for five months at Magedeburg, having been made prisoners very early in the war. They in- clude Dr. Austin and Dr. Elliott, mem- bers of the Red Cross Ambulance Corps, who were arrested by the Germans in Bel- gium where they intended to establish a military hospital. They were tried by court martial on a charge of espionage, and were then sent to Cologne. After remaining there for a fortnight in solitary confinement they were again tried several times, after which they were sent to Torgau, in Prussia. They were subjected to insolent treatment at Cologne, where they were also poorly fed, but they had a pleasanter experience at Torgau. FIRE AT BRUSSELS. AMSTERDAM, January 12. It is reported that a big fire at Brussels was due to the burning of the great Ant- werp oil works. A biscuit factory and 12 houses were also destroyed. WELL-DIRECTED BOMB. ROTTERDAM, January 13. The ignition of the oil works in Brussels are supposed to be due to the explosion of a bomb dropped by a British aviator. A GERMAN ESTIMATE. AMSTERDAM, January 13. The German Socialist paper, "Vor waerts,'' estimates that the daily cost of the war, reckoning the aggregate expendi- ture of all the belligerents, as £9,600,000. The paper estimates the damage done by the German armies to the property of the Belgians at £266,000,000, and the damage done by the Russian armies in East Prussia at £2,000,000. FAITHFUL PRIESTS. AMSTERDAM, January 12. The Roman Catholic newspapers state that many priests in the Malines diocese have refused to obey the German interdict with reference to Cardinal Mercier's pas- toral address, declaring that they will obey the cardinal alone in this matter. DETAINED IN HIS PALACE. ROME, January 12. The "Tribuna" says Cardinal Mercier is not imprisoned, but merely detained in his palace, where he is watched by sol- diers. The Pope has asked Germany far reparation for the treatment to which the cardinal has been subjected and also for the confiscation of the pastoral. THE POPE DISSATISFIED. ROME, January 13. The Vatican has addressed a dispatch to the German Government asking an ex- planation not only of the arrest of Car- dinal Mercier, but of the seizure of a letter sent from his holiness the Pope to the cardinal. RUSSIAN PROGRESS FIGHTING NEAR CRACOW. ENEMY PUSHED BACK. PETROGRAD, January 13. Private advices received in Petrograd to- day concerning the fighting to the east- ward of Cracow are of a satisfactory cha- racter. They show that the Germans and Austrian are gradually being pushed back by the Russians towards Czenstochowa. GERMANS LOSE HEAVILY. PETROGRAD, January 13. A communique issued at Petrograd to day states:—The Germans continue ineffectively a stubborn offensive in the Sukha-Mogelev district. Six of their attacks were re- pulsed. Russian scouts along some parts of the front threw grenades into the Ger- man trenches, inflicting heavy losses on the enemy. The Germans left 500 dead at Sa- mice on the night of January 10. THE MAZURIAN LAKES. PETROGRAD, January 13. The Germans are utilising icebreakers on the Mazurian lakes, in East Prussia, to enable gunboats to operate against the Rus- sians and also to prevent the passage of the Russians over the ice. FLIGHT OF AUSTRIANS. LONDON, January 12. The "Daily Chronicle" correspondent at Milan states that the Austrians in Buko- vina have been driven out of their camp at Kimpolung in great disorder, and many refugees and soldiers, who in a famished condition fled over the border, have been interned in Roumania. Most of the sol- diers had been hastily enrolled, and were supplied with obsolete weapons, with which they were sent to the front after only a fortnight's training. They say the Austrian authorities are moving fresh forces from Hungary to strengthen the army along the Roumanian frontier, and that the remnant of the Bukovina army is being massed at Dorx. Austria is said to be massing a further army of 300,000 men with the object of resuming operations against Serbia. These will be joined by the army of 60,000 Germans now at Sara- jevo. SMALLPOX AND CHOLERA. AMSTERDAM, January 13. Reports from Vienna state that serious outbreaks of smallpox, cholera, and typhoid have occurred in that city. It is also stated that a large number of refugees from Buko- vina, thousands of whom are on the verge of starvation, are flocking into Vienna. LOYALTY ACKNOWLEDGED. Recently the district councils of Angas- ton. Nuriootpa. Mount Gambier East, and Georgetown, the Mosquito Plains Lodge ot Oddfellows, the Manchester Unity at Narracoorte, the Band Associa- tion, and a meeting of Robe citizens, car- ried resolutions, expressing loyalty to the Crown. Copies of the resolutions were forwarded to the Secretary of State, who has sent an acknowledgment of their re- ceipt to his Excellency the Governor. TO FIGHT IN FEBRUARY. SOFIA, January 13. Roumania is expected to join the Allies and to begin active operations against the Austrians in Transylvania, in co-opera- tion with Russia, about the middle of February. Roumania has long desired to annex Transylvania, where Roumanians form the built of the population. OPENING OF ROUMANIAN PARLIAMENT. The ordinary session of Parliament was opened at Bucharest on November 28 by King Ferdinand, who was accompanied by the Crown Prince Carol. The King, after a filial reference to the late King Carol, went on to say:—"To be able to come through these difficult times we need the sincere support and the enlightened pa- triotism as well as the union of the whole nation. I am convinced that, realising the importance of the present situation, you will give my Government every assistance in passing such legislative measures as are demanded by the circumstances and are required to meet the needs of the army." Important Message from M. Take Jonesco. M. Take Jonesco, the Roumanian Premier, in a telegram, dated Bucharest, November 27, to a friend in London. Mr. Gustav Roos stated:—"Some days ago have given telegram views to 'Novoe Vremya,' Petrograd, imagine telegram was correctly published, be certain Roumania will join Entente, only matter still under discussion being precise date of it." LETTERS FOR PRISONERS OF WAR. Melbourne, January 13. The Postmaster-General to-day received from the Secretary of State for the Colonies a copy of a note from the United States Ambassador at Berlin communi- cating a translation of a German mili- tary postal decree regarding postal com- munications to and from prisoners of war. The decree provides that for the present al! letters for transmission must be unsealed. All postal communications sent by or to prisoners of war will be transmitted free of charge to and from foreign countries. This also applies to mail matter concerning prisoners of war which is sent directly or indirectly by the bureau of information of prisoners of war. Mail matter must be marked by the sender with the words "Communication for prisoners of war." POSITION OF ITALY. HODEIDA INCIDENT CLOSED ROME, January 12. Signor Sonnino, the Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs, in the Senate last month stated that the Government of Turkey had consented to release Mr. Richardson, the British Consul, who was seized after he had sought refuge in the Italian Consulate at Hodeida. They had also removed from office the Vali (or Governor), who was responsible for the outrage on the Consulate. It is now offi- cially stated that the incident has been closed. SERBIA AND ALBANIA. ATHENS, January 12. The Albanian insurgents, who, acting under Turkish influence, recently revolted against the rule of Essad Pacha, the self- styled Governor, have placed guns in such a position as to threaten the Adriatic sea- port of Durazzo, which Essad has made his capital, and whence foreign consuls recently fled to Italian warships in the harbor. The Serbian troops, with the consent of the Entente Powers, have occupied strate- gic positions to the north of Albania, with the object of protecting the Serbian fron- tier. Italy, also with the approval of the Allies, recently occupied the Albanian port of Valona and came to an agreement by which Serbia is to have a port on the Adriatic. THE WAR LOAN. ROME, January 13. The Italian war loan of £40,000,000 has been largely over-subscribed. WHAT DOES IT MEAN? ROME, January 13. Large numbers of German and Austrian subjects are leaving Rome. They are act- ing under the advice of the authorities in Germany and Austria. NAVAL OPERATIONS THE KARLSRUHE. SAID TO BE SUNK. MONTREAL, January 12. Private advices, which hitherto have not been confirmed, state that the German cruiser Karlsruhe has been sunk as the re- sult of a fight with a British warship off the coast of the West Indian island of Grenada. A lifebuoy, marked "Karlsruhe," has been found on the shore of the island, to- gether with much wreckage. Some resi- dents of Grenada report that recently they witnessed a naval battle at a great dis- tance from the island. The Karlsruhe is an armored cruiser, of 4,820 tons and a speed of 26¾ knots. She is armed with twelve 4.1 in. quick-firing guns and two machine guns. She has since the beginning of the war overhauled and sunk several Bri- tish merchant ships in the Atlantic and elsewhere, but had not been heard of since the fight off the Chilian coast until the present message was received. THE BREMEN DISABLED. PETROGRAD, January 12. Information has reached Petrograd that the German cruiser Bremen, 3,200 tons, 23 knots, has arrived at Wilhelmshafen in a badly damaged condition as a result of striking a mine. SCANDINAVIAN FIGURES. COPENHAGEN, January 12. The figures relating to shipments of cop- per to Norway, Sweden, and Denmark quoted by Sir Edward Grey in his reply to President Wilson's Note on the contraband question have caused a public sensation, and the newspapers demand the publica- tion of detailed statistics. The Danish Foreign Office explains that many articles in 1914 came direct to Scandinavian ports instead of via Hamburg, as previously, and also that it is now necessary to purchase in America many goods which formerly were bought from belligerent nations. TRIALS OF REBELS. KRUGER'S GRANDSON CHARGED. PRETORIA, January 12. The trials of captured rebels on charges of treason are being continued at Pretoria. One of the prisoners now before the court is Pastor Brockhuizen. a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, who acted as secretary to the late General Beyers, and from the pulpit exhorted farmers to sup- port him in his rebellion. Another of the accused is Commandant Grobler, a grandson of the late President Kruger, who is a prominent supporter of General Hertzog, and a member of the South African Union Parliament. TURKISH CAMPAIGN. SHELLING THEIR OWN TROOPS. PETROGRAD, January 13. A communique published at Petrograd this morning says:-"Curious evidence of the independent activity of the Turkish fleet is given by the fact that the cruiser Breslau recently bombarded the positions held by the Turkish troops near Khopa, on the Black Sea. The Russians were thus enabled to occupy the positions which the Turks were forced by their own guns to evacuate. The Russians also destroyed several Turkish vessels in the Riza district, near Trebizond." TURKISH INGENUITY. AMSTERDAM, January 13. Messages received in Berlin from the Turkish headquarters deny that the Turks were defeated at Sarykamish. They allege that operations have been delayed by snow and that the Russians merely attacked and captured a transport and the Turkish wounded. AN ENVOY CAPTURED. PETROGRAD, January 13. The Sultan recently sent General Noury Bey, chief of the general staff of the Third Ottoman Army, to investigate the cause of the great Turkish defeat at Sarykamish. The Cossacks captured Nour; Bey at Karaurgan. CHRISTIANS MASSACRED. RUSSIAN SUCCESSES. PETROGRAD, January 13, 11.30 a.m. An official communique published at Petrograd this morning says:—The Turks and Kurds have reached Maraga, a Persian town 55 miles south of Tabriz. A massacre of Armenians between Lakes Van and Urza is reported. Many Christians in Azerbaigan, near Maraga, and in the Alashkert Valley have died of hunger and cold. Fifty thousand refugees have reached the Russian Caucasus. Enver Pasha, the Turkish Commander-in-Chief, executed several Turkish officers at Erzerum for expressing themselves disrespectfully to- wards Germany. Turkish prisoners brought to Kars vehemently denounce the Germans for ruining Turkey. Fighting at Karaurgan. The communique continues:— Severe fighting has taken place near Karaurgan. The Russians made prisoners of 1,300 Turks, including 11 officers belonging to the 92nd Turkish Infantry Regiment. They also destroyed a battalion of the 52nd regi- ment., of which the remnant were made prisoners. They captured a hill in Tur- kish territory and seized a depot of artil- lery containing shells and cartridges. A Temporary Check. A communique issued earlier in the morning says:—The Turks have assem- bled about 100,000 men, mainly officered by Germans, at Karaurgan, thus checking the Russian advance on the threshold of the Ottoman territory. INDIA AND THE WAR. LOYALTY OF THE PEOPLE, SPEECH BY THE VICEROY. DELHI, January 12. Lord Hardinge, the Viceroy of India, made a stirring speech this morning at the first meeting of the winter session of the Legislative Council. He said Enver Pasha, the Turkish Minister of War, acting under German compulsion, had betrayed the in- terests of Islam and abdicated the sove- reignty of Turkey, which had now passed into the hands of Germany. When the character and motives of the war became known any sentiment of reli- gion which might have been in other cir- cumstances inspired in the Indian Mos- lems would be swept aside by the feeling of unswerving loyalty to the Empire and the towering wave of patriotism which had rolled through India from shore to shore. This was one of Germany's mis- calculations. India had already dispatched or was dispatching nearly 200,000 men over the seas, and British and Indian soldiers had been fighting side by side in France, Egypt, East Africa, the Persian Gulf, and in China, while there were maintained on the Indian frontier enough troops to meet any emergency. That the Government of India was able to do this was a supreme mark of hie absolute confidence in the fidelity of the troops and the loyalty of the people. That confidence was being daily more justified. They need have no doubt regarding the ultimate triumph of right over might. He appealed to the Council to refrain from discussing controversial questions dur- ing war time, while all minds were fixed on the protection of the Empire. The only feeling now prominent was the necessity for united action to conquer the common enemy. Lord Hardinge's speech was listened to with intense interest. The Council passed a Bill prolonging the period of various ordinances previously passed, consequent on the war. (Continued on Next Page.) T (Continued from Page 7.) AMERICAN AFFAIRS CAUSTIC CRITICISM. WILSON ATTACKED. NEW YORK, January 12. Vigorous criticisms are appearing in cer- tain New York and Chicago Republican newspapers concerning President Wilson. He is accused of disgracing the name of America in Europe through his supineness while Belgium was being outraged and de- stroyed, contrary to the terms of The Hague treaties, to which the United States has attached an approving signa- ture, but of launching an imme- diate protect against Great Brit- ain's action on the contraband question when a few hundred thousand dollars' worth of American commerce was delayed by the British fleet, which apparently had good grounds for investigating the cargoes. The Chicago "Tribune" bitterly assails the Wilson Administration, accusing it of ignominiously running away when a pro- test might have been effective in the case of Belgium, but immediately recovering courage when the profits of copper kings were endangered. Who Will Trust Her Again? Other newspapers point out how ill the Peace Treaties recently entered into by the Secretary of State (Mr. Bryan) accord with the disregard by the United States herself of her solemn covenants with respect to belgium. ALIEN IMMIGRATION: WASHINGTON, January 12. President Wilson has decided to exercise his right of veto in respect to the Immi- gration Bill because of the insertion of the literary test. The Immigration Bill was passed by Con- gress to restrict the entrance of aliens into the United States. The supporters of the measure recently declared that they had sufficient majority in favor of the Bill to override the Presidents veto. GERMAN ACTIVITY. WASHINGTON, January 13. German propagandists are showing great activity concerning the reply of Sir Ed- ward Grey to the President's Note on the subject of contraband of war. They are flooding the American newspapers with arguments, meant to show that the sea domination of Great Britain is worse for the United States than German militarism. GENERAL WAR NEWS. BUTTER FOR SOLDIERS. LONDON Januarv 12. The 365 boxes of butter donated by Vic- torian manufacturers for the benefit of wounded .soldiers, have been distributed between London hospitals at which wounded men are lying. THE HON. T. MACKENZIE. CAIRO, January 12. The Hon. T. MacKenzie, High Commis- sioner for New Zealand, who visited Cairo to welcome the New Zealand port'on of the Expeditionary Force, has sailed for England. ADVANCE AUSTRALIA! CAIRO, January 13. Sir George Reid, High Commissioner for Australia, in a farewell letter prior to his departure from Egypt for England, urged the Australian troops to back up the noble resolve of the whole of the Australian peo- ple. "Remember," he wrote, "that the liberties of mankind are involved as deeply as the name, fame, and welfare of Aus- tralia." AMERICAN VERDICT ON THE WAR. A REPLY TO THE GERMAN PROFESSORS. SPIRITED INDICTMENT. Ninety-three of the mo«t prominent men of Germany. distinguished in various branches of science, art, education, and literature, have (states the London '"limes' of November 30 last) recently cir- culated broadcast throughout America a letter, entitled, "An Appeal to the Civilised World," in which they attempt to change public opinion in the United States on the subject of the war. Mr. Church (presi- dent of the Carnegie Institute at Pitts- burgh and author of "The Life of Oliver Cromwell'' has made reply to the Ger- man appeal, which is addressed to Dr. Fritz Schaper, of Berlin. He says:— It gives me a feeling of pity to note the im- portunity with which the people of Germany are seeking the good opinion of America in this strife. It is greatly to their credit that they wish to stand right in the judgment of this nation. But Germany need have no fear that American public opinion will be perverted by the lies and calum- nies of her enemies. We are all going deeper than the surface in our search for the truth. Your letter speaks of Germany as being in a struggle "which has been forced upon her." That is the whole question; all others are subsidiary. If this struggle was forced upon Germany, then, in- deed, she stands in a position of mighty dignity and honor, and the whole world should acclaim her and succor her, to the utter confusion and punishment of the foes who have attacked her. But if this outrageous war was not forced upon her, would it not follow in the course of reason that her position is without dignity and honor, and that it is her foes who should be acclaimed and supported to the extreme limit of human sympathy ? I believe dear Dr Schaper, that the judgment on this paramount question has been formed. That judgment is not based upon the lies and calumnies of the enemies of Germany, nor upon the careless publications contained m the newspapers, but upon a profound study of the offlcial correspon- dence in the case. What do the official docu- ments prove? After reviewing the evidence, Mr Church conclude: Who began it? Was it England? Scarcely so for England in so far as her army is concerned, hid yielded to the popular pica for arbitration, she was not ready for war and will not be ready for another six months. Was it France? Was it Russia'? Not one of the 93 distinguished men who have sent me this letter, if they will read the evidence, will say so It was Austria who by her unreasonable and inexorable attack on Serbia began the war, supported at every step by Germans, who in her turn, gave notice to the Powers of Europe that any lnterference with Aus- tria would be resented by Germany to the full limit of war The Crime Against Belgium Mr Church proceeds:— The next point in your letter reads thus:— "It is not true tint we trespassed in neutral Bel- guim " Have these 93 men studied well the letter they have signed? Could intellects so superbly trained deliberately certify to such an unwar- ranted declaration? Has any one of my 93 honored correspondents read the appeal to the American people by Imperial Chancellor von Bethman-Holl- weg, published in the American newspaper, on August 15? I fear not, for in that statement the Chancellor said:—"We were compelled to over- ride the just protests of the Luxemburg and Bel- gian Governments The wrong—-I speak frankly— that we are committing we will endeavor to make good is soon as our military goal has been reached." What will the good conscience of the German people say when in spite of its passion in the rage of war, it grasps the awful significance or the confession of its Imperial Chancellor? The wrong that we are committing." The wreck and ruin of a country that has done you no injury, the slaughter of her sons, the expulsion of her King and Government, the blackmail of her sub- stance the destruction of her cities, with their happy homes, their beautiful monuments of his- toric times and the priceless works of human genius! "The wrong that we are committing." Worst of all, when the desperate and maddened populace seeing their sons slain and their homes in flames, fired from their windows in the last instinct of nature, your troops with barbaric ferocity, put them to the sword without distinc- ion of age or sex! The wrong! Oh, Dr Schaper if these conditions should ever be reversed and these foreign soldiers should march through the streets of Berlin would not you, would not all of my 93 correspondents, if they saw their homes battered in ruins and their sons dead in the streets, would they too not fire from their win- dows upon the merciless invaders? I am sure I would do so! German Militarism Your reference to German militarism brings up in my mind the conviction that this war began potentially 25 years ago, when Emporer William II ascended the throne, declared himself Supreme War Lord, and proceeded to prepare his nation for war. His own children were raised from their babyhood to consider themselves soldiers and to look forward to a destiny of slaughter, and here in America we know even his daughter only by her photograph in a colonel's uniform and as with his own children, so all the youth of his Empire were brought up. Going far away from your great philosopher, Kant, who, in his categorical imperative, has taught us all a new golden rule the national spirit of Germany has been fed on the sensual ma- terialism of Nietzsche, on the undisguised blood- thirst of General von Benuhardi, on the wicked war dreams of Treitschke, and on the weak mo- rality of von Bulow and we behold in every scrap of evidence that we can gather from your Emperor, his children, his soldiers, his statesmen, and his professors that Germany held herself a nation apart from the rest of the world and superior to it, and predestined to maintain that superiority by war. In contrast to this narrow and destructive spirit of nationalism we in Ame- rica have learned the value of humanity above the race so that we cherish all mankind in the bosom of our country. Therefore we can do nothing but execrate the conduct of your Em- peror who has driven his troops to slaughter their brethren, and be slaughtered by them in this bloody and unspeakable conflict. And so, at last, my dear Dr Schaper we find ourselves shocked, ashamed, and outraged that a Christian nation should be guilty of this criminal war. There was no justification for it Armed and defended as you were, the whole world could never have broken into your borders. And while German culture still has something to gain from her neighbors yet the intellectual progress when Germany was making scented to be lifting up her own people to better things for themselves and to an altruistic service to mankind. Your great nation floated its ships in every ocean sold its wares in the uttermost parts of the earth, and enjoyed the good favor of humanity, because it was trusted as a humane State. But now all this achievement has vanished, all this good opin- ion has been destroyed. You cannot in half a century regain the spiritual and material benefits which you have lost. Oh, that we might have again a Germany that we could respect, a Ger- many of true peace, of true progress of true cul- ture, modest and not boastful, for ever rid of her war lords and her armed hosts, and turning once more to the uplifting, influence of such leaders as Luther, Goethe, Beethoven, and Kant! But Germany, whether you win or lose in this war, has fallen, and the once glorious nation must. continue to pursue its course in darkness in murder until conscience at list bids it withdraw its armies back to its own boundaries, there to hope for the world s pardon upon this inexpiable damnation A DASH FOR EGYPT. ATTACK EXPECTED SOON. (From C E. W. Bean, Australian Press Representative with the Australian Impe- rial Forces ) CAIRO, January 12. 2 45 p m. An official communique issued by the Press Bureau here indicates that an at- tempt by the Turks to attack Egypt may be expected within a few weeks. The communique states that according to the latest reports the German-Turkish offi- cers are determined to carry out the at- tack, and that the Turkish concentration for the expedition is now nearly, if not quite, complete. Stores have been sewed without payment from luckless Syrian traders, and probably sufficient have been secured. The communique adds that it is true that the Turkish commanders seem to have crown nervous it the last mo- ment and are sending to ConstantinopIe urgent demands for more trained soldiers, which the Turkish Government is hardly in a posit on to dispatch, but probablv ûhs need to strike a decisive blow in order to recover Turkey's prestige will outweigh cautious councils Some reinforcements are said to be al- ready travelling south. and perhaps the advance will be derived until these arrive, but the British military authorities are of opinion that if any attack is to be made it cannot be long deferred. The numbers the Gernuni, ate hkelv to ni eg iga n-.t hir pt ire lar^e, and thc-e .s no doubt t'iat if thev succeed m getting vv thin sinking dis- tance the\ will make a determiined effort to break through Although Turk?y mav bs. expected to make a good fight the Arab.« ind ßjnans forming a. lirec proportion of tlie anny have not cot their hearts in the bnvnoss Alluding to the Turkish <3 listers .n the Ciueasus the caniiiiiiuque stit'-s that the iierman« date not io deterred by tire Tuj k'sh misfortunes. The Gcrrian object is not to win \ clones fsi Tinkev. but to d a tnct tile attention of Great lintern from the ca.mpo.-gn ¿n licLnum II is only with this idea that thev have embarked on a course foredoomed to failure. Tnev found a tool in tlie Young Turk Partv, and fear it may weaken unless used quickly. They must strike soon, probublj within a few weeks, and they may drive forward tne S3rian army. THE TURKS IN EARNEST. The newe that Djornal Pasha, Minister of Marine, has been appointed to command the Ottoman forces destined to operate against Egypt, is (according to a Cairo telegram of November 27 to the London "Times'''), if true, proof that the Turks are not making a mere demonstration auainst the Suez Canal. One of the leaders of the Committee Party, ex-Governor of Adana and Basra, commander of the Koni.a division, and afterwards of an army corps during the Balkan War, Djeraal is one of the foremost ligures in Turkish polities. His militaiy value is uncertain, and he has the reputation of being a headstrong if energetic leader, _ and is known to have strong Pan-Islamic sympathies. Since his di- covery that the British occupation of Egypt is really a military one-a discovery which seems to have been made for him by the German Ambassador in Constanti- nople-he has been almost a monomaniac on the subject of au expedition against the canal, whereby he lias hoped to avenge what he considered the affront put on Turkey by England when she laid an em- bargo on the two Ottoman Dreadnoughts built in England. According to a telegram from Berlin to the Amsterdam "Tele eraaf," it was reported from Cairo on November 2S that the road from Fayum to R-jarahad had been barred by the British by a long lim» of trenches and artillery positions. The telegram also states that 70,000 Turki«h troojis, under Tzzet Pasha, are marching against the Suez Canal. This army includes 10,000 Bednin, with 300 camels. The Turks have built a field railway to the El Nakel oasis. HOGUE SURVIVOR'S THRILLING EXPERIENCE. ? In an intere. .tinv "Portsmouth Evening News.'' Gunner ""P. *J. Shoebrldgc. one of the Hogue sur vivora. stated that just as the order came ta lower boats -the vessel was struck by two torpedoes, one immediately after the other. After he had clambered over the rolling chock into the water, a man caught hold of bim and pulled him down. The man let him go, and some time after- wards Shoebridge was pulled into a launch. They went alongside H.M.S. Lowestoft, but, seeing a submarine com- ing up, they shouted out to the com- modore. "Let us drift: there's a sub- marine ahead."' With that the Lowestoft shaped a course and gol clear. When later the Lowestoft came round again and took them aboard, they were given hot Bovril, and the marines aboard gave them any old clothes they could find. LETTERS FOR PRISONERS. HOW MONEY MAY BE SENT. , Melbourne, January 13. A dispatch has been received by the Poistmaster-GenerDl from the Secretary of State for the Colonies stating that neither letters, messages, nor money can be for vvarded through the Foreign Office or the United States Embassy in London to in- dividual British subjects abroad. Payment of money to British subjects who are de- tained in an enemy country, «and who arc unable to return to his Majesty's Do- minions, docs no1 constitute an infrinne ment of the trading with the enemy pro-1 L'lamalion. It is suggested that it may be found possible to forward money through Messrs. Cook à Sons, or one of the prin- cipal banks. Private letters to Germany and Austria-Hungary from neutral coun- tries arc now allowed to be forwarded sub- ject to the usual conditions of censorship. Letters cannot, however, be forwarded direct to either of these countries. British subject? and others wishing to communi- cate with friends in enemy countries must forward their letters to an agency in a neutral country, and correspondents may nelect their own private agency. Messrs. Cook & Son have, it is understood, ex- pressed their willingness to arrange for the transmission of such letters, and ap- plications for information should be ».ade to them. Letters intended for tran«mission to enemy countries mu«t not contain any- thing but personal matter, and should, "if possible, be written in the German lan- guage. Tlie Foreign Office in making the«e "Uggo=tions states that it cannot guarantee the s:if<» delivery of either money or letters. BRAVE BELGIUM. A HOME OF FREEDOM LOVERS. LECTURE BY M. De MARTIN. There "«-a* a large audience at the May Club on Wedne-diiy evening to hear an addrcfs on Belgium' by M. A. de Martin, a citizen oi Antwerp, who recently arrived in Adelaide. Tn the absence of the Consul for Belgium (.Mr. '\V. Herbert PhillippsO tile Deputy Consul (Mr. K. \Y. van Senden} presided, and. in introducing the lecturer, J said he belonged to a race of people who, j by the manner in which they had kept the German houles in check, had proved them- selves to he aiming the bravest in the | world. (Applaiu-e.l j M. de Mivtm, who was icvuved with ap- plause, said that wa.-- the first tune he had ever given tin address in Enclish. He fell that if he could speak in French or Flemish he could do much better, and he undertook to deliver a lecture in French at anj time it was: doired. As it proved, however, ho hud a fluent command of the English lan- guage, and liis remarkr, which included many passages of eloquente, were followed with inlan-e interest. He -nid in older to understand how Belgium had attained it? pro-cut social position it w.u* nece-\\-ary to scan over past history. lie (raced the carter of tile little nation since the day. ot Phillip the Good, until, as a huffer State between the great contending Powers, lip neutrality was guaranteed by Great Bri tain and others. Belgium had been callee! England's foster-child, and England had certainly pioved herself a good foster mother. His countrymen realised "that Gr-->at Britain'« word vv.is her bond. (An phiirse.l M. df Martin crave an instructive account of the physical features of the i'oi'iitry ami its many industries. Tie said Belgium liad a fertile and well-watered soil, with rich mines 0f coal and iron. Her farm lands were held in small holdings, two to three acres in extent. Every equate foot was put to use. One of the main reasons why Belgium could support a large population-OaS to the square mile com- pared with two in Australia-was that. ño.VÍ to Great fîritain. she had the largest amount of coal in Europe. Over 120,(Kifl people worked in the coalfields, and yearly produced coal io the value of £18,000,000. Belgium had more than 5.000 miles of State-owned railways, and to assist the working elapses great concessions were made. The harvest being a month earlier in Franre, numbers of men crossed the bor- der, and after working in the harvest there returned in time for ihe Belgian harvest. The Government allowed those men to travel free in Belgium, and had arranged with the French Government to carry them at half fare. Every workman in Belgium had his little home, and generally a plot of ground where he could cultivate vegetables. All the working men's homes were exemp- ted from taxation, so that 52 per cent._ of Belgian homes paid no personal taxation whatever. The people were very indus- trious, and, like bees, had made their coun- try a busy hive. After having described how the Belgian army was recruited, the lecturer said his- tory had shown the Belgian had always been a splendid fighting man. and recent ichicvements had justified that reputa- tion. (Applause.) Since August last the eyes of the whole world had been turned toward«* Belgium. Becanse of its situa- tion-like a wedge driven in between Ger- many and France-it had become the road- way over which the huge army of Germany had 'tramped. It made no difference j that Belgium had had nothins to do with the quarrel of Germany and France. The Germans wanted an easy road to reach their foemen, and becatise the Bel- gians resisted they were overrun by the Teuton?, their towns were destroyed,_ and thousands of their brave soldiers killed. Fie had been only a litt'e over a month in Adelaide, and what had struck him ma-t was the kindly and generous sympathy ex- tended towards his native land. If I'm people could see the condition of poor Bel- gium at present-the fatherless and the widowed. children looking for their parents, starvation written upon their faces, their clothes in tatters, wives search- ing for their husbands, mothers parted from their little one--then, indeed, the generous hearts cf Australians would al- most break with pity and compassion. He was sure the people would admit that "Bel- gium had done its part, and was still doing its part. (Applause.) He paid a glow- ing tribute to the bravery and determina- tion of the Allied troops, wIiom; bivouacs were stretched over "200 miles of plain and mountain'. .They.'were the'sublime sol- diers of the sacred pause of nations, the defenders of everything that was beautiful. They were fighting for the oppressed and weak. With 'an annegation without paral- lel in the history of mankind they had made the sacrifice of their lives for the justice of the cause. Like Bayard, the knight "without fear and without re- proach,'' they were heroes. (Applause.) M. de Martin drew pleasing word pic- tures of the principal cities of Belgium and the art triumph!, her_ gifted sons had created. The Belgians fighting to- day knew that many of their loved ones were being tenderly cared for on British soil. (Ap- plause.) Although his country's woes must ever be a painful source of grief, that giief lind Leen lessened by the generous ap- preciation which the British race has showed towards Bekrium. His country might have remained unmolested ,for a time at lea^t hy the despotic foe. but in so remaining would have lieen disgraced. Belgium might have escaped an awful visi- tation, but to the people freedom with- out honor would have been worse than death. Therefore. * though he felt for their sorrows and the sufferings of those who were near and dear to him, he would not have it otherwise. He would, like every other Belgian, rather be found fight- ing, and if need be dying, in the ranks of the Allies, whose cause wa« honor and justice, than safe and sound on the «=ide of the nerj-ercd Kaiser, lie would, in the hngiKise of England's great Prime Minis- ter" (Mr. Asquith), rather see his country wiped off the face of the earth than stand branded for cowardice. (Applause.) He made, an elonueut anneal for the practical support of the Australian Field Ambulance, and a collection for that purpose was taken up. The sum of £7 0/ was contributed. The Belgian national anthem was sung by Mi«s le Yasseur. and all present joined in '"God save the King'' and the "Mar- seillaise." Father Edward le Maitre thanked the chairman for attending. A PROLONGED CASE. THE SNOW PROSECUTION. PASSAGES ' BETWEEN COUNSEL Wednesday was ihe seventh day on which the case against Francis II. Snow, charged with having attempted to trade with the enemy, was called on for hear- ing at the Adelaide Police Court. Mr. T. Gepp. S.M., presided. Mr. E. E. Cleland. K.C.. with Mr. V. V. Smith nnd Mr C. II. Powers, appeared for the Com- monwealth, and Sir Josiah Symon. K.C.. Mr. A. W. Piper, K.C.. and Mr. W. A. Norman for the defendant. Major ,T. J. Hughes conlinncd his evi- dence ¡n identification of documents lound during^ a search by the military .-itithori tie.-i of tiic oliic-e occupied by ¿he defen- dant, who was «bown to have been the Au«tr.ilian representative for a number of years of the firm of Aron Hirsch and Sohn, Halberstadt, Germany, traders in copper and other metalliferous products. The witness having recognised one bulky lega! document, the tderit proceeded to read it. It was an agreement-accom- panied by a power of attorney to Snow '«.tween the i'irsehs and the Zin« Cor- poration, Limited. Melbourne, under which the latter agreed to se.il them certain quantities of zinc con- centrates produced at Broken Hill, and containing directions as to mode of de- livery, the zinc, silver, and lead contents, , natta ç of assays, and so on. It was highly technical in part.-, and the reading occu- pied a lona time. The S.M. interposed to ask if it would be possible to .«ove. time, and Mr. Smith s.iid it was for tile other side to consent to non osentia' passages beim: omitted. Sir Josiah Symon-You know very well that vi e ramior either consent or object to the reading of it. Mr. Smith-So far as the prosecution are concerned, we do not object to the omis- sion of these technical directions. It is for my friend to say if he desires them to be read. Sir Joctiah Symon-It is not for me. It is for my friend to conduct the case ac- cording to the usual rule.« I cannot con- sent one way or the other, except for the information to be dismissed; I -will con- sent to that. (Laughter.) Mr. "Smith-We have to put the docu- ment in as a document. It goes in all together. The S.M.-The court has to look at the whole of it. Mr. Smith-Yes: and yesterday when some irrelevant schedule was not put in Sir Josiah complained. Sir Josiah Symon-The prosecution have to exercise their own judsment, but ray friend says an "irrelevant'' schedule. It would be as well for him to refrain from using these adjectives. Tlie document in question was part of a letter. Mr. Smith-I did not use any adjectives. Sir _ Jo«iah Symon-You said ''irrele- vant,'' and that. I think, is an adjective. Mr. Smith-That is only one adjective. Sir Josiah Symon-You *lo use a great many. Cannot you even put in a docu- ment wjth some show of fairplay? Mr. Smith-That is verv cheap sar- casm. The prosecution are scrupulously fair. The S.M.-I merely interposed with a view to save time. ? Mr. Smith-Yes, and Sir Josiah Symon insists on the document being read; which is a pity, as there is no jury present to hear it. Jfir Josiah Symon-I think a great mass of documentary matter is put in that is entirely irrelevant, but I have no right to intorpose. Mr. Smith-if it is irrelevant he his 'the right to interpose, and it is his- duty. The S.M.-T think there is a mass of technical matter in the document that ha? nothing to do with the case. Sir Josiah Symon-Their case would 'be just as strong if they put in nothing -whatever. Mr. Smith-I want it io be made per- fectly clear that we put in only what is essential for our case,, and that alone we are desirous of having read. The reading was then continued. A later document which received attention was an agreement between the Hirschs and the Broken Hill Block 10 Company. Sir Josiah Symon-That can have no | possible relation to this case. It is ?.n asrreement for one year-from January 1, 1906, to December 31, _ 1906. There ¡s no renewal and no provision for renewal, and therefore it cannot have the slightest bear- ing on a charge concerning what is sup pc^d to have occurred in 1914. Mr. Cleland-A.power of attorney with it remains in force until revocation or death. It is still in force. The S.M'.-You are sure of that? Mr. Cleland-So I am instructed. The S.M.-I will admit the document subject to Sir Josiah Symon's objection. Document No. 240 was an agreement between the Hirsch firm and the Wallaroo Company. Sir Josiah Symon said the charge against Snow was one of trading with the enemy, the "enemy" being Hirsch. An agree- ment made by Hirsch with the Wallaroo Companv or anybody else was entirely irrelevant in regard to it, unless connected with Snow by power of attorney or letter. There was nothing of that sort up to the present. Mr. Cleland contended that ihe connec- tion ran 'ight through the correspondence, and he referred particularly to a letter from the defendant to Mr. -lumsden (the Mount Lyell secretary). Snow's power of attorney in relation to the agreement .had already _been put in. Sir Josiah Symon had forgefcten the correspondence iii which Snow said he was anxious to retain the control of copper in Australia, that the Merton group was jealous of that control, and in order to retain it he desired to continue the business rela tion«. vit'i these companies Hie do ument was admitted, find was ollowed by an agttement between Hirsch and Sohn ind the Junction "Soith Com j, nv to v hich was attached a power of ittornev to ^now Hie dun. ot the court, m reading the forme retched a pis=igc winch began "J'aie estimation-VI eigh out 5 grs ore .> I di sol c in It) Cl « «tiong nitric acid, adding a fe v crystal-, ot potassium chlo- rate when the led, fume« cease to nae Air Smith-I do no1 think we want that *«!> Josiah fcvmon-It is no concern of mine Mr «-mitli-No onl> -what I want to mile ('fir i« that the prosecution are mxioits to ibbrevmtc tho c ise and the re spon«ibi!itv for 'engthening it mu«t lest v h the other «id-> Toe pioseuition simplj tender a dociursent and it w put m It follows from this that it will be read in the oidmarv wav unless the other side are siti«hed to °iv irrelevant matter should be dis'iensed with Alt "Norman-We are asked to saj whe tliei suincthin^ sholl be read or left out and we do not 1 now what it i The «i M -A ou do not know what effect it in i} I ive' Mii fcrnilh-How something may be pre cipitatcd bv means of nittic aed would not a'le t nii fnen 1 s ia«e much S i J > ah »j mon-Perhaps j ou wJl a! low ns to judge o tint Mr Sm th-How concentration bj means of n-tnc ind mav affect the guilt or rano cence of Mr Snow, Sir Jo->iai Svmon may be the best judge Ihe sM-iic theie raanj more oi these documents' Mr Smith-We arc elim nating a great number Int. ^ Al-I would suggest that I taerc art mam mirt Sr Jos io m,ghfc in peco tiiem ind see whether iome ar-angement cou J bu mide foi putting them in cn bloc Mr Smith-ne arc gong iX> use some ot theoi us iiliisi.rar.ions S-r Jos an Svmon-Ion are conducting the pro-ecution and know the rule Mr Smith-V\ e can co-ooeraie lo ab brcviite u Sir Tos ih Svmon-No we cannot Yon ni «t tihe tie re pons b btv Tlie prosecution next tendered the drift rf an icieement appointing J Uambi idgc, Queensla id manager for the détendant at Roo himpton in 190f> Sir Jo«iah Svmon-T don't se" how this 13 e ndence m inv snape or form There is nothing alleged in iegard to Queens'and, pnd, moreover there is nothing to show that the document was ever signed Air Cleland «aid the relevancv ot the document was that a good deal of corre opondence hid been addre-sed to Horn bridge, as Svdnev manager for Snow He hod a pcifect tight to show the relation r>ip between the two men «>ir Josiah Svmon said the représentât on ot Snow in Svdnev wis not proved bv the production of a dn t igreemont rehting to Queensland or even to Timbuctoo \fter turther ueument the SAI =aid he, comd not admit tlie document as evt àmre. It was dated eight years ago, and the prosecution had much more recent let- ters which could be put in. Among other documento tendered was an agreement between the Hirsch firm (hy- the defendant a.s their agent) and Ginning, Smith, & Co. Proprietary, Melbourne, for the sale to the latter of 5,000 to 0,000 tons of lump pyrites, and one (also by the de- fendant as agent) with the Wallaroo Matins Lyell Fertilisers, Limited, relating to pur- chase by the lastnamed of lump pyrites. These. Mr. Smith said, were selected from a number of other documents, and it was deemed necessary to put them in. A document was than brottglit forward showing that an agreement was-made on December '29, 100S, between Hirsch and Sohn and the Mount, Morgan G.M. Com- pany whereby the former agreed to pur- chase all the refined copper belonging to the company and refined by the Electro- lytic Refining and Smelting Coaipanv. A letter to the secretary of the Mount Morgan G.M. Company, dated Sydney, August 26. 1014, and signed "Francis li. Snow, per F. Hambridge." stated, with reference to a previous intimation, to the eft not that Hirsch et Sohn had instructed that payments in connection with copper shipments must erase:-"I did not, of course, mean to convey that they were unable or unwilling to pay anything they owed, but merely that in consequence of the war no further transactions could take place between you and Hirsch et Sohn while the war continued, since in the eyes of the law Messrs. Hirsch & Sohn are alien enemies. The rights, interests, and liabili- ties of both parties under the copper agree- ment are. merely in suspense during the cur- rency e.f the war, and no doubt within a reasonable time after the war is over the parties will be able to arrange for a re- sumption of their previous pleasant rela- tions." On September l8 Mr. Hambridge wrote to the defendant in Adelaide:-"We are to-day _in receipt of the following letter from the Mount Morgan Company, dated September 15:-'Referring to your letter of August C8 last, which I have laid'before my Ward, the board not*; what you in- tended to convey in your letter of the 3rd V.U., referred to in the letter now under reply, but in regard to your statement that the contracts with Messrs. Hirsch & Sohn are merely suspended durng'the war, I am instructed to say that my board cannot agree to this view, as they have been ad- vised that the contracts were entirely abro- gated by the war, and are now at an end.' " Major Hughes' evidence had-. not, been completed when the 'court adjourned* until ¡ this morning. ' CADETS -PPvOSECÜTED. At the Magistrates' Court, * Gawler, on Wednesday-, before Messrs. J. H. Sinclair, S.M., and W. H. Cox, Ronald Joseph Hind ivas charged on the information of Cap- tain Connor with having failed to attend the. necessary number of drills for the year ended July 31, 1914. The accused pleaded guilty. Captain Connor said the lad was now in the citizen forces, and his officer gave him a good character. He was anxious to get away with the next contin- gent. The ü.M.. in fining the boy 5/ and costs (£1 in all), or two days in Fort Largs, said by volunteering for the front he was wiping off old scores. No doubt if he was unable to pay the fine arrange- ments could be made regarding his deten- tion at Largs so that he could go into camp straight away. Gavin Doyle w*a.s charged with a similar offence. Captain Connor said that he was 24 hours short with leis drills. Fined C1 and costs, £1 Ia' in all, or four days at Fort Largs; to take effect from January 25. Walter James Window admitted a 32 hours short- age, and was fined £2 and costs, or eaght days at Largs. Edward ifulroney ad- mitted a shortage of 40 hours. The_S.il. said boys such as he brought the discipline of the Defence Department into disrepute. He proposed to sirpport the authorities no matter how stringent the regulations and the severity of the penalties. He had no sjmpathy with the shufßers. Fined. £2 and costs, £3 15/ in all. DEADLIER THAN THE MAXIM GUN. AN AUSTRALIAN INVENTION.' Melbourne, July 13. At a statutory meeting of shareholders in the Caldwell Machine Gan Company to- day Sir Henry Weedon presided. In mov- ing the adoption of the report he said the company's representative Captain C. li. Moss, and the inventor^ Mr. Caldwell, had arrived in London with the gun, and news could shortly be expected from them. He further stated that military opinion in Australia held that the gun was immea- surably superior to the machine guns at present in use. With the Caldwell gun it was impossible for the cartridge feed" to jam, as there was no canvas belting. More- over, as-it was mounted with two barrels and timed at the same pace as a Maxim, double the number of shots at least, would l>e possible in any ' cireumstanegs. Fur- ther, in the event of one- barrel of the Caldwell gun being struck or injured m any way firing cçuld be continued with the romaininc barrel, which resuit was not attainable with the Maxim, it being a single barrel. He regretted the present unfortunate war. but under existing con- ditions he felt that the Caldwell gun would be found of great service to the country. The report vvas adopted. WAR FUNDS. The subscriptions acknowledged below have been received by the committees of the funds mentioned: THE RED CROSS SOCIETY. . Previously acknowledged, £13,733 «5/2. Eastwood branch Red Cross (per Miss C. H. Simpson, lion, secretary), £1 S/9; collection by Pinnaroo Christ- mas Carol Party on Christmas Eve (per F. Lay- cock), £7 3/2; Bimbowrie station, £10; Kalatity ¡station, £2 IS/; total, £13,759 18/1. Bimbowrie and Kalatity stations-Collected by Mr. W. D. Henderson. Bimbowrie:-M.L., £1 5/; T T.. £1 2/f>; B.L.H.. £1; H.J.H., &l; W.G.C., £1; H.J.S., £1; J.H.P., vv.j;h.1\, X.G.S., A.A.S. T.R., F.M., J.D., Mrs. J.E.S., Miss E.T., .I.E.S., W.C., W. O'S-, each 5/; H.H., A.B.. W.M.B., CJ1.J-, F.R., each 2/6; Kalatity-J.F.F., W.B., each £1; G.U., E. O'D., CD., each £>/; T.G.A., 3/; total, £12 IS/. BELGIAN RELIEF FUND. LADY GALWAY'S APPEAL. Previously acknowledged. £13,025 12/9. Pro- ceeds of concert, orsanished by ladies of Pinnaroo Branch lied Cross Society, £S 12/6; District Coun- cil Pinnaroo East, £2 2/ ; Auburn Brass Band. £| 5/. Per Jf. J. McAulcv-Wilson sympathisers, 4/; M. J. McAuley, 10/6-14/0. Leighton Patriotic Fund, per J. M. McDonald.. £12 12/; C.W.L., £1; Thebarton Methodist Sunday-school, £2 1/1; Miss Winney, 4/6; collected at Wallaroo Regatta, Janu- ary 1." per Messrs. J. Malcolm and E. M. Price, £23 ]7/7; District Council of Talunga, 2nd con- tribution. £S 14/9; collected at Forest Range Methodist Church, per W. McLaren, £1 2/; Trevie Scott, 5/; coliected by Miss M. Wrizht's students at their annual concert, £1 10/; prot-eeds concert. Prospect Hall. 18/12/14. organised by Miss M. Wriffht and W. F. C. Boyce, £12; H. J. Penno and Co., purchase bags, 13/; total, £13,100 6/8. COMMONWEALTH PUBLIC SERVICE PATRIOTIC FUND. A statement, showinc; the collections and dis- bursements to the close of the year has been issued by the trustees of this fund (Messrs. D. C. McLachlan, J. W. Israel, and G. H. Knibbs). The trustera, while expressing satisfaction with the amount (rontributed, are anxious to impress upon collectors and others tlie desirability of continu- ing their present efforts, and endeavoring to secure fresh subscribers, and, if pc-ssibie, an increased subscription from those already contributing. Officers o{ many departments of the service have responded loyally to the demands made upon them, but it is hoped that there will be a fur- ther recognition by staffs of departments of the part they should play in shouldering the respon- sibilities of EniDire. TRUSTEES' FUKD. State. Collections. DiFbunV-nicnts. Belgian Motor Balance. Fund. Ambulance. £. s. d. £ s. d. & ? s. d. £ s. d.' X.S.W. 23G 17 S| 57 0 0! 4S 0 «m 17 ? 8 Victoria 1.492 l8 3j 617 0 0|25S 0 OJ617 5 3 Queensl'd 1.013 S of US 0 0! ST» 0 OiSOO 19 4 S. Ans. 249 8 4| 24 0 0) 55 0 0(170 8 i W. Aus. Cil 9 0| lot 0 01 75 0 0)3S2 9 0 Tasmania 225 11 0) 30 0 Oj 29 0 01166 11 0 Totals 3.S39 12 lljl.OOO 0 0|550 0 0|2269 10 7 Balances for Victoria and Queensland are less ex- penses incurred. Contributions made by Officers of the Common- wealth Public Service to Funds other than that organised bv the Trustees. New South Wales-Collected, £2,4o8 0/11; dis- bursements £2,458 0;T1, Lord Mayor's Fund. Victoria-Collected, £1,7W;, disbursements, £700 motor ambulance, £500 Belgian Fund, £610 local relief. South Australia-CoTlerttd. £708 18/6; disbnrse mente. £560 Lord Mayor's Fund, £140 Red Cross FlllKl. Totals-Collected £4,0OH 19/5; disbursements JM.S9S 0/1 J. Total collections-C.P.S.P. Fund (trustees fund). £3,829 12/11; funds other than that or irarrised by the trustees, £4,906 19/5- £8,736 12/4. Tai*!, diäbursemczrts, £6,40 OyU. 