VIEWS AND C03ÜLENT& UNLICENSED AUCTIONEERS. From ''UP.":-¿"A number of people I not holding auctioneers' licenses have been selling goods bv puhüc auction lateiy. Perhaps they do not linow the penalty for undertaking these duties. As all the auctioneers in Adelaide are willing to give their services for any ¡ deserving cause I think, perhaps, pub I lication of the following two clansas I taken from the Auctioneers Act will pre j vent any person from becoming a law I breaking auctioneer:-10. li any person i shall act as An auctioneer without a valid ? and subsisting license authorising him I in that behalf every such person shall ' he liable for every such offence to for- feit and pay any sum not exceeding C100. and to he imprisoned with or without hard labor for iny period not exceeding three calendar months. 12. Any person may lay information for any such offences." MENINGITIS. V-rom "Bird'':-in 'Unbeaten Tracks of Japan,' by Isabella Bird, there is a stitement as to an outbreak of sjeknesa in one village-she passed through whica had swept a. large portion of the inhabi- tants into an early grave. According to her description it is similar to out- pre- sent outbreak of meningitis. For the spotted or black fever the Japanese doc- tors were helpless, *s they knew no cure for that. This outbreak was put down to a very wet season, rain having fallen for eix months in that district. The Japanese called the sickness kak-ke. It was in 1S7S when Miss Bird was there-." FLAG-FLYLNu 1ND PIGHTLNG. From "Pluck:-"Deeds /ire better tihan words or flag-flying. Does Mr. 3. Lunn know that the head teacher at Kilkenny has only two sons? I know t'oem well noble laeb, hoth of wiiom are now in the thick of the fighting tit Gallipoli. One son, writing from It'is dug-out. expressed his keen regret that his many chums in South Australia don't come to the front and help in the fighting, and don't even write "to those lonelj' ones woo .ire there. Does not sacrificing one's own flesh and blood for our Empire count ¿or more than flying a MR. HILLS' SPEECH. 1 From ""'D. "J. Byard," Hahndorf:-"Mr Hills denies having called Australian sol- diers murderers. It Would have been more satisfactory if at the time of his denial he had told us what he really did say and allowed us to judge whether his language was sueh as high-spirited men could hear without resentment. But I contend that the soldiers had ample grounds for indig 1 nation, apart from the calling of names. t How could men listen calmly to a speaker who urged Australian soldiers to become murderers? And murderers they would in- deed become if thev took his advice ant! leiused to go to the assistance of their countrymen at the Dardanelles, who must surely perish; if their cry for help is un- heeded Small wonder that men in the King's uniform resented the suggestion that they should be guilty of such treachery and looked upon it as an,insult to their sol , dierly honor.'' . THE PEACE ALLIANCE. From "Ethel Barringer," North Adelaide: -"In reply, to the accumulated errors of 'Perfect Peace' I beg to state-1. They can rest assured that the Peace Alliance does exist, and 'that it consists of individual inemfners and affiliated societies, which .ire íepresented by delegates. 2. Societies are invited to affiliate,~not in order to alter | the alliance platform, which is already 'de- fined and approved,' but in order to work for it. - 3. All peace lovers must regret that the mistake made by Mr. Ponder, ALP. and the press has disturbed "Perfect Peace.' 4. To say the least of it, the remark that 'Ethel Barringer is in error, in'saying the k Peace Alliance is opposed to compulsory " military training is abso- lutely untrue. 5. The Peace Alliance is well aware that« its enthusiasm does not appeahto that section of the community which delights in apathy and noms de i plume." From "Perfect Peace" :-."'*L. Rndkm ' again avoids the 'point at issue, and put3 to my credit opinions I have never ex- pressed. However, I am quite aware that the Peace Alliance has been formed in Mel- bourne, and that it is hoped to make it a Commonwealth organisation. " I merely called attention to the fact'that it has no actual existence in South Australia, though some people have been using its name and organising park meetings by its (assumed) authority. The Chief Secretary and an- other member of Parliament were clearly misled in the matter. I have by no means 'overlooked the important fact that every- thing must have a ieginninç." It is just be- cause of the 'beginning' which some people so disastrously have made that I have ven- tured to write and endeavor to show that "there is a decent side to the.subject or peace, and that its advocacy ia,not neces- sarily always confined to irresponsible park orators. Frank Brennan, MlH.R., in a recent utterly disloyal tirade^ delivered in Melbourne under the auspices "of the'Peace Alliance, showed how- that body is trim- ming its sailjj on.that side of the border. Since the Prime Minister's rebuke he has been vigorously talking and spilling ink to show that he, too, was 'misreported.' The Peace Society has always stood apart from this-sort of tiling, and" I believe'that the majority of its members in South Australia will continue to do so." [This correspondence is closed.] THE NANCARROW FUND. From "Samuel Mead,'' Third-street, Bowden:-"In regard to a letter which appeared in 'The Advertiser' of Sep- tember 4, concerning the Nancarrow Fund, I should feel obliged if you would allow me to state in your columns that the Mr. S. Mead mentioned therein is not Mr. S. Mead, of the South Aus- tralian railways." GERMANS IN OFFICIAL POSITION*". From "J. Warren.'* Waymouth-street: - "We might as well stop this war and give in as act in the way we are doing towards the Germans in our State. The fact that they are holding positions in our Govern- ment departments is only a sign of weak- ness on "our part, and instead of helping our noble boys at the front we are foster- ing our enemies. _ There it) a case where we are actually giving an old age pension to a German, and he is far from loyaL Ought we not put our foot down and say "No Germans wanted'? What show would any Britisher have in. Germany? Why. they will not permit, oin* language to be spoken. I wi<m to point out a clause m the war census, VLÎ., 'State number and description of firearms and quantity of am- munition you possess.' Will a German answer that.' Li anyone thinks so he is a fit subject for au asylum. Our Allies will not employ Germans. Why should wc? This is the only way to help our boys." I WRITING PAPER (FOR SOLDIERS. From "L. Brann." Westbury-street, Hackney:-"'In regard to tlie unpleasant circumstances prevalent at the front as to writing paper and envelopes it occurred to mc that ¡v suggestion to the Red Cross So- ciety might lead to.the piaetní* of paper and envelopes in the pockets of the shirt which are being made for our lighting heroes. Tn granting them this well-de-- j served comfort we shall be doiug alf-o : duty to ourselves." ' BADGES'FOR BISECTED VOLUN- TEERS. From "Reject*":-".'Station' considers ¡ a certificate , suiiicient for rejected volunteers, but J think if he had one he would not say so. After a while the paper is very dirty and gets torn, and so is nseless for tne purpose for which it is issued. A -badge is far more useful and -dísüníriishias. X have heard it saul by single and eligible men that they don't agree with the issue of bddgf-s, and rightly so in their ease, as these badges will show to the ,man in the street those who ha\e volunteered and will be a great factor jn ¡ stimulating recruiting, li a man goes down to enlist and is rejected as medically unfit I think to 'be medically unfit is a far greater burden, to bear than 'conscientious reasons.' "' MOTOR BUS VIBRATION. From "Rattled to Death"-"I was pleased to notice a letter from Mr. J. Gray, of Beulah-road, Norwood, complaining of the vibration and noises of the passing omni- buses, and I tender him my thanks for bringing the matter before the general public. I am living in a two-storied dwel- ling in Rundle-strect, and have worked up a very decent business. I have one of the best landlords in the State, but I shall certainly have to quit the premises unless something is done immediately to minimise the noise and vibration caused by these vehicles. .Since the inauguration of the buses it is imposribJe to get to sleep before midnight. We shall shortly have again to tolerate the durt caused by these vehicles.'' HOUSE RENTS. From ""A Woman'":-'"' 'FairpUy and all other working men and women ought to wake up and make bigh-and-migbty gentle- men who are in Parliament keep to their promises. Some time ago we had Mr. Fisher over here telling us women that if he got into power there would be pensions for widows and also an increase in the old age and invalid pensions. The mar- riage laws were going to be altered, and, in^ fact, anything and everything was pro- mised to catch the woman's vote, but up to the present thne nothing has been done for us. Then, later, out comes Mr. Vaughan, making promises that have not been kept. We were told to vote Labor and get cheap bread. Let the Government get us cheaper bread and meat and lower house rents. Then they will be doing a little for the poor, and can leave the dairy- men alone, as they are able to manage their own business and charge a fair price for their milk.''" A CONSIGNEE'S GRIEVANCE. _ From "One of the Victims":-'1 would like to draw the attention of those respon- sible to a matter which I consider badly needs a remedy, that is, goods being al- lowed to b'e at Wallaroo, after being landed from the boat from Cowell, when they are addressed "Rail to Adelaide.' I will give an instance. On Friday, August 27, I re- ceived a wire from Cowell that a box was being sent by the Wandana that date to Wallaroo, addressed 'Rail to Adelaide.' I, of course,'met tlie train that day, also the following day and on Monday. I made en- quiries at the shipping office, and was in- formed that the box was put off at Wal- laroo, and that was all they knew. The following day I sent a wire to Wallaroo, ve ita the result that I received the box on Thur5d.LV, September 2, or six days after it V.'.LS l.i'idfd at W.iMaroo. Now, what i would like to know is, who is responsible? The shipping company aay they have finished with it when they deliver it into the railway-shed, and the Railway Depart- ment say the shipping company should nave consigned it on. Surely it is sufficient to have it addressed 'Rail to Adelaide,' or are they afraid they won't get paid this end? L think it is time somebody moved in this matter, as this is not the first occasion. Why are goods allowed to lie there for six days and the public put to no end of in- convenience? They are complaining of the revenue falling off, and no wonder with such management." SCAVENGING WORIv AT HIND- MARSH. From "Female Ratepayer":-"Being oue who signed a petition, as to .'the removal of refuse, I have been wondering why we have had to wait so long for the promised jiblie meeting. _ Now the reason has come out. It is because the originator of the petition is having h¡3 rubbish removed from its old spot, while we have still to meet the scavenger at the front of the house and hand him the rubbish. Nice, isn't it? Why should one ratepayer be favored moie than another? As a Laboritc I hope Mr. Newland will not let the matter drop, but will give us lady ratepayers a chance of getting it thrashed out." From "One Who 'Signed the Petition": "Perhaps the ratepayers of Hindmarsh will pluck up a little courage and ask the mayor and councillors if the rate we pay for scavenging is not sufficient for the purpose for which it is collectetl. I sav this be- cause of Mayor Wood'» letter to Senator Newland to the effect that the roads and footpaths being in such a bad condition all tlie money the council could get wa^ wanted for repairs. What has the scavenging rate to do with roads and footpaths, which come under the general rate? Novv that Mr. Holiday has called attention to the fact that rubbish is not to be removed as under the old legime, surely the instigators of the petition will carry it through to a final issue.'' I TELEPHONE DEPARTMENT. From 'Telephone," Waikerie:-"Postal administration is. very inefficient. A person,' b3- locking up the nr-w telephone subscribers' list, "will find 'Waikerie' set down as a country telephone exchange, and nttaehed thereto are two subscribers' names. Now, the department received, I suppose, close on a dozen applications for the installation _of telephone«* three or four months ago,' and I daresay each applicant, has had "to pay his £3, or per- haps, £0, in advance. Then why print only two names? But that is not all. .When one ringi up and asks for either of the two numbera, he is in- formed that taey are ndt connected by 'phone. By what one can find out, too, there is "not much likelihood of either those two (or the others who have ap- plied) getting tli-o telephone laid on for some months, perhaps a year or two. 'When can they expect it? Again, what right 'have the Postal Department to hold one's money and give one nothing in re- turn, when, were one the possessor of it. one coald get interest at tlie rate of Sif ptT cent, from the banks. I am anxious to know." pßAYER AND PEACE. From "Temp":-'"The Ren-. Henry Howard says he has neither time nor the taste for-a controversy on the noir"1"« raised. In my letter, among other things, f stated . a few oassages of Scripture, and asked one or two qnestions. All Bible Tories are wonderfully interesting and instructive, and I thöroiighlyXenjoy a chat on the good Old Book. T am, however, «omewhat dis- appointed, and perhaps a little surprised to find a minister o: long standing and good repute having neither time nor in- clination for a controversy (he surely means a friendly discussion) on tho quc-* tions raised in niy letter. _ No ^one will question the fact that millions of prayers for peace have been offered by millions of people for thousands of vears without in termissioii. Still war comes along jn«t the fame, notwithstanding the prayers. Does not this fairly "stagger the philosopher? May I suggest to.the Rev. Henry Howard that he state a time limit, say a week, a month, or even moro. That is to «ay, let everybody pray continuously for the- time specified, and then, when wo find our prayei-t* answered, let its cease pnying for .the time Being and return thanks. Ï am sure the scheme will meet with tlie appro- val of t:ic prnyer-pact".and will tnu3#j>rove the efficacy of interceding prayer. , Allow "me to suppose a case:-The Rev. "Henry Howard is at the front in command of .1 bodj- of prayinR, fighting men. Tn the middle of the prayer meeting, however, 'he enemy approaches, aud a few stray bullets come along. ( What happens? Well,, in 99 cases in 100.' the prayer meeting comos TÍO an abrupt termination. Every, man jumps to his leet, and instead of asking for, or e\pecting, help, starts to help himself by grasping his trusty Lce-Melford- something practical-and docs his level best to take the other fellow down; the very fellow for Thom, iia peayed & ajouta jasriouslj*--the enemy, the sniper, ,who hides behind, a bushi or squats in a hole and drills a- small' bola through you when you're not looking. Oui nation is praying for victor}'. The Kaiser is asking the same Go'd to help him, and tlie Turk Í3 doing the same. As a matter" of fact, the Lord can't possibly accommo- date all parties at one and the same time. In the meantime, tako my advice. ' Keep your weather eyes open, don't forget-your rifle, keep your powder dry, then aim lo* and lay them out. A terrible business, I know, but terrible ' work calls for drastiq measures. Those who think they ought to be in the thick of the ficht should get a-arajf without delav." TO CORRESPONDENTS. , '"M.K."-The letter did not reach nat Ji "Medindie" asks how to curl a feathafl boav Can any of our lady 'readers oblige? ''Katie."--1. Msil matter intended iofl the Australian troops at the front must still bo addressed to Egypt. It -will" be forwarded from there to the men' 'im the trenches on Gallipoli. 2. No writing matta-iais, apart from pencils < aajtl "on service" postcards, are issued ' 'hy tba department, but sugplies may be sens by friends. ' *, "A Former," Mannum, The meat mea! referred to is manufactured by the; G«» vernment Produce Department, Adelaide, ' and can be ordered through your store- keeper, or direct from the department. ''Anxious." Adelaide.-Yes.' " ^" "A Volunteer," Exhibition Oval.-. Where a business partnership baa to.be gone into the obligation of filling in-the return relating to wealth falls 'on th« partner now in charge, and, possessing all the particulars. .»,. .'/*, "PrefLs," Kent Town.-No legal,- a»» sistance is necessary. Merely advertise' the change in the daily press and ask your friends and the pensons with whom. you do business to use it when coirmMrrnV cdting with you. . . ', ( ./ ' "Enquirer."-The action of the euri-, Yasser was fully authorised. The > lady* in sub-letting portion of the ,house, has come, under the "joint occupancy'*,- e/Jairas of the Act, and can no longer claim"«, vote for the Legislative Council. "Enquirer,"' Robe.--The right of . »?> councillor who occupies a Crown lease owned by hià daughter, to represent his daughter, and give evidence before » council Court ot Appeal turns on 'th» i question of whose name appears in the Hssessment-book. If the councillor's name figures there he has no legal right (being ' au interested party and also a ex>trncil lor) to appeal; but the position is a little less clear in a case where th* daughter's name appears. To be OB the safe side it would be, better for the owner of the lease (the daughter) tt> get someone else (not a councillor) to' represent her. ' ?'' '"Mathematician "-1 The usual method of payment when men are on piecework JS oy the square yard, the thickness of the walling being also taken into ac- count. 2 The glass «heath wrtbra wTuchi the fluid is pat pnor to stoppering 101 ms a vacuum, and doea not conduce heat *i We cannot say, the actual date is fixed from yeir to year "f F H Walker" Blyth-Evidence m tne case mentioned was taken before the Arbitration Court «orne tim© ago, bat v.t have no «-ecord of the dato oOt t\hich it was published ' Raj o," Morchard -Your letter give« -nsuihciGnii parbutlnra Wnte ta the Master of the Siprcme Court, Adelaide, / and sunplv full details of the case ?* "Conscription," Waikerie.-Particularf I are not available "Argument," Port Linco'n-The ente* mologibt at the South Australian Mu«) seum, to whom ive referred ypur 'e£ tei, reports tiat Langstroth gives tnè ufe of the wording bee, after becoming "tinged, is an average of 35 dny«, but» that -"ame individuals live for consider abl\ longer, but none for a \ear rThe queenbee, however, may live for severai j ears The time that elapses between the hatching of the egg and the emer- gence of the winged bee averages 31 dava» ' H F G , ' Tanunda -Two clieag illus- trated works have been publisaed on Austra'ian butterflies and their collect- ing and irrangement, namely -1 "Aus- tralian Batteries,' bv A. S Olliff, ob- '^ tamable from the New South Waleai Nc.turalk.ts' Club, Sydney. 2 Victorian " Butterriics," by Anderson and Spry, pub"*; lished by H Hearne and Co, lattl« Lon=dale street, Me'bonrne * "Cape Weed," LaHnnghani -«Botlí would make excellent ensilage mixed witk other succulent green stuff, provided the p'ants vere not too old > "G H Watson,' Mile-End-If jour neighbor a fence encroaches on your pro Tier t\ jon should ask him to remove it.1 Faiï'ng tais j ou could shift it at hie" » expense ' Deserted," Adelaide -Make enqmnccr at the St te Military Headquarters, Ker*""' wick Ask for the DA IG 'Emu/' via Broken Hill-The sécré- tai}, Surveyor General's Deportment... Vdelaide, advises -'".Pastoral run planej Nos 5 and 11, on an eight mile scale,, can be obtained from this ofBce rti$fl per copy A plan showing the stock routes through pastoral country -wotil*, also be useful, price 2/6 Postage would be required in addition to the abowr»* lees , "Worried," Boinka.-The Government* veterinary lecturer (Mr F. E. Place)?' to whom we referred your letter, dias£ nosea the complaint as tetanus or, .locc-* jaw He adds -"As some «3aya ha-»«^ elapsed the horse may nave settled the question of treatment himself If nofe. let him have about 8 oz. of Epsom aalte ji mashes and so forth every* á%y '*&$ say, 2 oi* it a time." ~ * . *-> *' Argument/' Parkside-Febnrary 1¿ 191Ï "Disguised Art. '-ProbaWy the ^öa"i**f taon Army. ^ , Y " , -^-, "A-rgument Sike," East Moonta.-Ä) the case of privates killed while-on actrv» service the pension payable, "to. Jthe de- pendants is £52 per annum." """ "Fair Game," Mannum;-Write aid state the position'fully to the D.A.A.G-, Military Headquarters, Keswick. .'W.F.J.," Mitchellville.-L The'-maney could not now be forwarded. 2. If ta« beneficiaries arc still alive 'at tne con cnston of the war no* objection is Mkerj! to be raised here to the legacies being paid over. "Fish 'En,'' Arno Bay.-All mea wa» wish to go to the front must enrol for general service,) and take .the chance of being drafted "into the ann"JÜie*r, pre- fer Generally speaking, an ¿ewairijpr is made to enrol? them .aecortiing'gto^^then wish es. 2 and ^3. Yes. *? ' -,"* fç,£?i¿se "Ticket Holder."-The .w«ii»^-¿»im>. bers were' duly published ' *Är.;<aiTfe*,'.,äa.d vertiser,". ands the list is íréproó* * *" page 45 of'**lfce\'C'irojiJkae/£fol^8»n ber 5. . . . " . rT'^jy^ "WJLJ' Major Be Building, _ _ ?*.,.-. "Plut-kv," Medindie.-Work ô^a-rsoiV tble character will probably be found for him rf he applies to toe secretary; of the Mayor's Patriotic Fund, Mr,«."!. E Winterbottom, Pme-stref*^ Adsuidei "Enquirer," Cleve.-Tb« «mizrant/-3 ati» Golden Grove arrived at Pon »Adelaida on March 30, 187C Her immigration re» cords are available, and can be rnspecfsi at tho offices of the Deputy Commissioner of Pensions, Brookman's Building, Gran« fell street, Adeilaide. "Jumbo Joan."-If <he shed is to be used regularly for entertainments a license wiM have to be obtained. Appiy it the office of file aapcxintendent of Public Buildings, Government offices, Victcna-sauare. ?» "Constant Reader."-1. He would, be a German subject of Danish and French e-ïtraetion. 2. At the date you "mention. Hambnrg was a niembei;, of the North German Confederation, «cid one of the four free citic«-. "Watchannie" asks:-."Can any of your readers oblige me with a gooè) recipe for potting butter?" '.Constant Reader."-You would raft* der yoBTself liable <-to nroseobtionr Wi "m. charse «f ahd«ctwv_y. ~*'»«is¿¿¡¿ ¡ «A. 