LONDON, January 1. (By Cable.) A Danlah steamer was eunx by a mine In (he North Sea. Tbe crew The Bishop of Zanzibar telegraphs: 'N9 new* naa oeen oeara ot «i British mlatlon&riea; In German Eaat Africa elaca the outbreak of the war. An unofficial report states the mlatlonarlea an safe. The Belgian Legation state* that Australia's admirable ' aplrlt of gener oalty Is evidenced by the fact that over £300,000 baa already been sent for the relief ot tbe Belglani. LONDON, January :. A white paper ahowt that Mr E. V. Howard, in congratulating the Pope, wee Instructed to explain tbe motive* which have actuated Britain elnoe tbe beginning bt the trouble. The King telegraphed to the aviator, Hewlett: ?'! am dtllgnted, and greatly nlelved at rotir eatetji. t heartily congratulate yon on your offoru.' The Belgian Commlaelon report* that the German* ehot 1M0 civilians in Bel gian Luxembourg during August and September, Including too at Ethe, 1C7 at Tlntlgny, 106 at Ronlsnal, « at Aoloy, anl to at Etalle. The King telegraphed M. Folncsre, the French Prealdent, good wishes, ad ding that the New Tear was certain to witness tht strengthening of the alUanot between the two countries, tnd hoping that the war would soon be brought to a victorious conclusion. M. Polncare replied, reciprocating His Majesty! wishes, and expressing hi* confidence ot victory. France was re solved to fight to a. complete triumph. The War Oflloe announces the re organisation of the fonts by the creation. ot six armies, eaob generally constating «f three army corps under the respective commands 6f Generals plr D. HsJgh, Sir Horace Lockwood Smltb-Dorien. filr Archibald Hunter, Str H. M. Leslie Rnndle, sir Ian 8tanll*b lfontellh Hamilton, and LUu uunt-Oeharal Sir Bruce Hamilton. LONDON, January i. Hewlett has left Tmullen for Eng land. ? PRtliADETLPHIA, January .t. The 'Public Ledger' elates that the nal Injury to America's conuneroe was inflicted by Mr MoAdoo'i order that tbe tne&lfesta; are not to be pub lished until M daye after sailing. Mr McAdoo thus made British Interfer ence Inevitable. It was, therefore. Idle tor President Wilton to befog tbe Issue by an attack on the British Gov ernment. AMSTERDAM, January I. A telegram from Berlin ttatea the war prisoner* In Oermany an uu officer*, and mns men, Including 1*3 British offlcen and 1MZI men, AMSTERDAM, January L The 'Lolcalancelger' states that Von Bethmann Hollwefs eon was kills! In Poland on the Ith December. AMSTERDAM, January J. The export «f bread and poultry from Holland ll prohibited by tbe military authorities yower to permit the ex port of limited quantities of broad, de stined to supply tbt population In tht vicinity ot tbe frontier, It given. If they an unablt to obtain supplies. PARIS, January I. Tbe 'Tempt' Mate* that Prince Bu low-l mUtton bat utterly failed. HI* principal object was to persuade Italy that bar Interests wen Identical with thoae of Germany with the prospect ot building up a va*t empire when England would be ousted from tbe Mediterranean. Tbe Kaiser In tending Prince Bulow was aware that tbe only hope of tucoest lay In the Prince's po pularity, and In the event of fallnn It waa Intended that Prince Bulow would bear the entire neponstbUItr, thereby discrediting hi* party, which la antagcnlatlo to the Kalaer. Reutar-a Rome correspondent states the Government baa lined a new de cree permitting the n-exportaUon of cotton shipped to Italy. The 'Mains Ftele Pr6.ee,' an Aus trian Journal, demands tbe publication of a red book describing the Austro Bungarltn standpoint retarding the negotiations imeedlng the war, and asks why Austris.Hungary ailenUy accept tbe blame tor the war lnetead ot proclaiming their efforte on behalf ot peace. ' COPENHAGEN, January £ Tht newtpaptn of Danish and other neotnl countries, except* omdal organs, have been forbidden circulation In Oer many. The 'PoHttken,' although a Govemmei.t organ wltb a targe circu lation In Germany, has decided not to tend copies thither while tht other newspapers an prohibited. Dr. George Wegener, In a letter to the 'Cologne Gazette,' asserts that tbe rctiltnta of Berlin ere very down hearted and nervously excited, and are aaldng why then la no new* published regarding the western fnnt, and why the nation Is being kept In the dark. Tbe authorltlea at Copenhagen touted a Urge cargo of copper which a. Ger man-American firm wen attempting to. smuggle to Oermany by means of a false bill ot lading. SOFIA. January I. Tht Stamboiovlit. or extreme antl Ruaalan party, Inalsted on their leader ICTOenaaawn*. being admitted to the Bulgarian Cabinet ae Foreign Minu ter. While refuting to yield, rearing a compromise In fonlgn polloy. tbe Premier oltered H. Gennadlett a less In fluential portfolio. In the event of the detection ot the fttainholovins'lbe do I'emment have secured the Support of M. MallnoK and the democratic, and postlbly otber groups. WASHINGTON, January 2. The Immigration Bill, prohibiting the entrance of all aliens over IB, who are unable to reed or Trite Engluh, or other languages, Includlnc Tlddlah, «ras adopted by the Senate by 00 to nven. Prealdent WTlaon announced his Inten tion to »u- tbe measure, as eiProtll sot TaXt Ud. Behrl*p. subjects .an exempted from the operation ot the ex clusion olaust a* an act of grace. ROME, January 2. The newspaper* state that during the confusion of the Curies attack, tbe PoU fort shelled and bally damaged the battleship Radetskr. The oom msnder ot tbe tori commlned euldae. BERLIN, January t. The Pope telegraphed. to the Kaiser, beseeching him to exchange prisoners, who an unfit for military aervice. The Kelser replied that the Pope's dadroi accorded with fell am. 