TBEITSCHKE. AVc sive in an abridged form 4ihc follow ing article idiic'Ii appeared in. the 'New Statrairum' on 9th ''Jannury: — 'There is a efcoiy of Canon (Uannay'e ajboiit a lady 'wilio' broke out in tihe same week as bhc ivnr; but she i\\-a.s .nothing-- to tihe literary gentlemen. In tho first days of Augnst, when tlie war swept across Europe lake Hie wind out erf (Africa, -there was an ugly rush of innumerable pilots to weather' the storm. Air. Wells hurried' into 'his oilskins, ? 'Mr. Arnold .Bennett jumced into bis spjl .hoots nn,) Laureate heaved a melodious but archaic lead. .By the fiftih day of the I'Yencii ano- 1 bilUation bhc. autumn publishing season was in full swing, and thc Society of Authors clustered round -Sir Kuwarci Grey, ingem inating,' like Wilkins's Emma, JJuit k would never desert him. It was as thooRh the usual old gentleman in the usual 'launch' cartoon had inquired from 5iis window, 'Watahman, what o^£ bhc night?' and had been answered iby tne dear utterance of eight novelists, iivc poets and Mr. Joseph -U'Cabe. Thc mast was almost visible under tho 'mass of colors that had been nailed to it, and Mr. Kipling alone kept silence at the onming- in of war; it was t'he silence of a realist confronted with reality. 'Quite apart from its agreeable literary consequences (Mr. William Archer wrote an epic poem) this outburst produced a startling effect upon the war itself. The distinguished literary ineu who made it' were determined to save (die State. The only difliculty was to Und at short notice someone to save it from. We had for a few days -tlie inspiring spectacle of a crowd of Ciceros looking for Oa-tOines round every comer, and sineo one can hardly save one's country from peojrie that one does not know, they very properly decided to save it from someone of whom they had already heard. Being unfamiliar with the Ger mans of the general staff, our guardian authors .resolved unanimously to save us from the Germans of the study. Moltke was a name to them and Schlieffen was even less, but they had all read Nietzsche in the 'nineties and Treitschke was a fa miliar type of the Continental Anglophobe. That is how the war of armies became suddenly and to its intense surprise a war of ideas; it was a startling trhmiph of the penetrating pen over the unintelligent sword. Great Britain had executed a perfectly normal and proper intervention in favor of the balance of I'juropean power and against the possibility of a hostile control of the Law Countries. It was a casus belli that Bolingbroke could have understood and .Canning would have applauded. But the authors of England discovered in. it a for lorn, hope Jed by the British diplomatic service against thc perverted philosophy of Central Europe. That is how the Dual Alliance of Nietzsche and Treitsehke was called into existence to hang like twin Boneys over the happy homes of England. It is a strange galere for a respectable war. The War of the Spanish Succession, which was fought for a very similar object, had a very similar opening. Louis XIV. aspired to the control of Western Europe, and, as is usual on these occasions, violated Bel gian neutrality. , Great Britain very pro perty, though somewhat reluctantly, inter vened, but nobody announced to the startled suhtjects of William Til. that thev were engaged in. a jehad against the im moral philosophy o:f Pascal and Bossuot, as illustrated by the French king's violation of the Barrier Treaty. 'Thc truth is that wars,' since thev have ceased to be legitimate forms of religious controversy, are not wars of ideas, and in the present instance the election of two writers as -villains of the piece is unusually inept. The choice was not happy, became their names (unlike 'Huns' and 'guns') will not rhyme in any circumstances— even when set to music, and the connection of one of them with any operation of German policy is singularly slender. Nietzsche, whose name has struck terror into a thou sand sewing parties. Was a remote and philosophic Pole. His contribution to the plot appears to be that in the intervals of a certain liveliness' with Wagner he be lieved in force. But so did Carlyle, and no one has yet demanded the destruction of Chelsea or suggested that the Landsturm goes on its wicked Carlylean way from Ghent to Breslau to the Lowland lilt of 'It's a long, long way to Ecclefechan.' 'The second villain is more obviously entitled to a place in the cast. The trou ble with Treitschke is that he was a Ger man. At a time when all respectable per sons east of the Rhine were Saxons or Ba varians or Mecklenburgers, Treitschke was a truculent anti-partienlarist German. It all came of reading history, which has un dermined so many noble 'intelligences. Of course, he was not a German by extraction but nationalists are rarely autochthonous: patriots are made and not born, and there is nothing in Treitschke's Bohemian ances try and Prussian patriotism to startle a generation which is familiar with the Im perialism of Napoleon, who was not a Frenchman, or of Disraeli, who was not an Engjasnman. Treitechke's family were Czechs called Trschky, but they were per suaded upon their immigration into Sax ony to substitute for that engaging sternu tation a name that was less strikingly con sonantal. Treitschke, however, although he retained in his ideas and in his contro versial method some trace of the militant Protestantism which had centred in the Tyn Church of Prague, was born north of the Riesengebirge, and his father was a soldier of some distinction in the Saxon arny.. It was only twenty years since Prussia had failed narrowly to obtain European sanction for the annexation of Saxony, and in a Saxon household Prussia was hated more bitterly than the French. This education produced in Treitschke an inevitable reaction. The air was full of vague nationalism, and the universities, when he went there, were the preserve of the vieilles barbes of 1848. After Olmutz, where Prussia suffered humiliation- at the hands of Austria, the Hohenzollern were regarded almost as the martyrs of the German cause, and when Treitschke went to Frieburg as a graduate of half the uni versities in South Germany he worshipped Prussia with the full enthusiasm of a man who lived in Baden. 'At Freiburg ' He developed still further his fierce ' detestation of Kleinstaaterei. The, small States of Ger many were not an inspiring spectacle, and Treitschke found himself in. sympathy with Bismarck's elimination- of the Middle states and Offenbach's later ridicule of the Grande-Duchesse de Gerolstein.' An edu cated man revolted inevitably against the unintelligence of Rhenish Clericals, who looked alternately to Vienna and to Rome, and against the unimportance of minor royalty,' which looked exclusively at itsclf. Treitsehke with. his Prussian sympathies could, not acquiesce' in the mediatised motto. "Beust will be Beust,' and he dis cerned in the Hohenzollern a dynasty that had done something for itself and for Ger many, and' in- their present Minister a man who might do more. In the year of Sadowa Bismarck summoned him to Berlin and offered him a place in the Prussian Press Bureau; it was refused, and Treit sehke departed to a chair at Kiel. T.lierc he endeavored without marked success to ?iinnrcEs upon the undergraduates . of Schleswig Holstein their place in German history, and he retnrned with obvious re lief to Heidelberg. From this point Trietschke's academic career became an easy course of official preferment, ln 1S64 he had urged Prussia to annex the Danish Duchies — 'The good .cause will triumph, the ' heirs of Frederick the O'.reat will reign in 'Schleswig-TIolstein, and in a short time the nation will be asiiamed of its own stupidity.' In JS70 be argued the case for. tlie annexation of Alsace-Lorraine on the sound military basis that 'we only de mand the German lands of France and so much Romance land its is necessary, for their security.' His admission of military necessity as a test for tlie trace of frontiers will be as fatal to a defeated Germany as his later admission, made in the hope that Germany would one day be an .African or Asiatic Power, tliat eolored troops may be used in European wanarc, it; fatal to a Germany at war with Algerian France ana Indian England. 'The strangest thing about Troitschkc'a career is that it was purely academic. There appears to be a place in German politics for the academic person, which en abled Treitsehke, who was completely deaf, to gain a hearing from tho Kcidistag which he could not hear. He definitely became one of tho wild-eyed prophetic lecturers of the sixties, who paced the rostrum like a quarter-deck ; and Jlansrath in his Life re cords the sensation caused in a room by thc announcement, 'Treitsehke of Frei burg.' As a lecturer and historian Treitsehke developed two things which have made him a . name to most of us at the present time. In company with most Continental observers he believed that England was in a state or hopeless decay, and the colonies, whiclh it had obtain ed by fraud, might be removed by force, differing .from Victor Hugo only in thc view that Germany and not France was the expectant heir. He was driven to this conclusion by a profundly interesting philo sophy of English history, which was not much further from the truth than most English readings of Continental history. His indignation was very properly stirred by the spectacle of the 'weaic John Bnll' allied with the palsied Turk, and he oifer ed the disinterested suggestion of an Anglo Russian alliance. The suggestion has been gratefully accepted, but the neo-Turkisli cry of Deutschland uber Allah is hardly consistent with Trcitsclike's jrronounccd preference for thc destruction of Turkey. His second and more notorious contribu tion to politics is the theory of interna tional contract that 'all treaties under in ternational law embody the clause rebus sic stantibus. The State has no higher judge above it, and will therefore conclude all treaties with that mental reservation.' It is extremely bad law, but it is exceed ingly good Prussian history, and no one who had heard of the invasion of Silesia in -j 1740 or read Frederick's defence of his ac tion on the simple ground of State in terest need have felt the faintest surprise when von Emmich's army moved against Liege.' ? 