ONE of the latest exhibitions of Germany's policy of " frightful ness" was shown in the recent murder of the seamen on board the British submarine, E13. The submarine, on its way to the Baltic, ran aground on the Danish Island ofSaltholm. The Danish authorities formally ordered the vessel to leave Danish waters within 24 hours. In the mea.n time several Germanwar vessels appeared on the scene. The British seamen were in no way concerned about that, as they were lying in neutral waters and were, therefore, under inter national law, protected from attack-or thought they were protected. They were helpless to defend themselves as their vessel could not be worked for that purpose, being immobile. if the tide did not rise high enough to float the submarine off in 24 hours it would have been Den mark's duty, under international law, to intern the vessel and crew until the end of the war. If, with in the time limit the vessel was floated off and got outside the three mile limit of the Danish territorial waters it would have been competent for the waiting German war vessels to attack her if they could, Of course that chane was too remote, as the submarine would have gone under the water 'before she reached the open sea and pro bably would have"sent loving messengers to the waiting Ger man vessels in the form of some "made in England"' torpedoes. The Germans knew that it would be too risky to wait for a British bull-dog in open fight and so they took th.e world's law into their own hands and the moral law with it, and tore them to threads. The Germans again became a law unto themselves both in the moral and international sense, and while the defenceless Bitish sailors were sitting about care lessly waiting for the tide to rise and lift their vessel off the bank on to which they had accidentally run, the Germans opened fire on them and as the British were un able 'to offer resistance the crew by direction of the commander took to the water in their efforts to save themselves-their sub marine having been set on fire by the shells of the enemy. While the British crew were struggling in the water the German murder ers still continued to fire on them with machine guns and shrapnel. This hideous work was only stop ped by a Danish destroyer steam ing in between the Germans and the British. The Danes with boats took all the men out of the water who were still alive and also gathered the dead bodies 14 in number, and took them to Copenhagen. We repeat these now well-known details, because they cannot be too deeply im pressed on the minds of our countrymen. They must be con tinually remembered while the war lasts and must not be forgot ten when the great settling-up takes place at the end of the war. This is only one of the latest in stances of.a whole series of cal lous murders perpetrated by our Teuton enemy. In the progress of any great war there are sure to be instances of cold blooded murder and heartless cruelty, be cause where so many millions of men are engaged there is certain to be a percentage of criminals who will take advantage of the abundant opportunities for giving play to their vile lawless instincts In the case of the German atrocities it is different. Murder, rape, incendiarism, cruelty in all forms are an admitted part of the national policy in order to inti midate their enemies-both military and civil. The sinking of the passenger ships Arabic and Lusitania and dozens more with out warning and without making, or allowing to be made, any pro vision for the saving of the lives of the defenceless civilian pas sengers are instances illustrat ing this. In some cases indeed, the German officers and men have stood on the deck of their submarine and laughed and scoffed at the people struggling for life in the water and manifes ted pleasure as one after another sank below the waves for ever. This orgy of cruelty and murder has been practised systematically in the sea warfare of the Ger mans. The same defiance of all law, human and divine, has characterised their operations on land. They have printed the blackest page of modern history in Belgium. The deeds recorded by the Huns and Vandals have a been viewed for hundreds o0 years, as the most atrocieus in European history, but the merci less acts of the present day Ger man equals, in every way, those of the savage invaders of civilised blooded murder, hardened dis regard of female purity, unre strained licentiousness, pitiless cruelty to the defenceless, sense less and wanton destruction o0 property, are amongst the crimes which have become systematised under the rule of the Prussian military authorities. No one could have foretold the outbreak of this hellish nature in the Teuton: We in this country who met the ordinary German colonist viewed his settlement in this new land as a distinct advantage. He was lboked on as a good class of immigrant and proved to be an industrious, steady, plodding citizen. He was given free access to all the liberal conditions and privileges enjoyed by Britishers. The disclosures of the investiga, tion branch of the Defence De partment since the war began have shown how treacherously, in many cases, he has used the privileges so freely extended to him. It will take a generation, or mor?Ai to wipe out the bitter remembrances 6f the German's graceless and unscrupulous abuse of the generous gift of full citizenship so freely given him. There are many Germans in this country who are, no doubt, true to it, but so many who have been trusted have belied the confidence reposed in them, that those who are loyal to the land of their adoption must put up with any suspicion cast on them. Inthese times, German avowals of loyalty to King George are naturally not believed by the average British pitizen, or at most accepted with vary liberal discounts. This is not to be wopdered at when we consider ·-the ghoulish gidp of the German national character which has been so prominently brought out during the war. There are those who try to exonerate the nation, as a whole, from the daily occurring atrocities perpetrated by German soldiers and sailors. They lay the responsibility on the shoulders of the militarfy and aristocratic leaders of the nation. The blame rests, no doubt, primarily with the heads of the nation, because of having instilled into the minds of the middle classes and lower orders of the people wrong principles. But have not the p.e.Qple ,een willing. learners of the vicious lssoops ? Hlave they not freely put their necks under the yoke of the Prussian junkers, because they were told and they believed that that would lead to German ex pansi.op sp. aggrandisement? To gain power the whole people have become apt pupils .qf their anbitiocs and ,unscrpnulous aristocracy. The whole people nust therefore tale fhe rpaspon sibility and odium of th@ ats 'of their army and navy. Xou should buy your Japanese MIillet and Amnercane Seed noiw from Hawk ho?r ros.4 Kerang. Tlyis seed is g.'ow" :w hi.sp.ca helys we gFro?, . isM gra.4i? 