The Week. The capture of Kcuve Chapellc by the Allied troops would seem to have been a more considerable movement than any other wliich has taken place in the western area for many weeks noof Tf \u. nnf niflrjilv fltaf tfkP'V A frontier in the region affected has been extended for nearly a mile, though that is an important achievement when it is remembered that advances hitherto have been counted in yards. Nor is it merely, as we learn from Sir John French's re port to-day, that the defeat has involved the enemy in losses numbering about 18,009. The really encouraging feature of the suc cess is* the improvement in the situation which lias, made it possible. There had been, a general belief, which every indica tion warranted, that no advance was prac ticable on either side without an enormous addition to tlie forces which for so many months have occupied the ditches extending for 300 miles from Belfort to the North Sea. It is a fair inference, therefore, that the Allies have been so heavily reinforced that assaults which seemed impossible a few weeks ago against barbed wire en tanglements and hidden mines and guns have now become practicable. The pre sent situation on the western front has been compared to the ? prolonged defence of Richmond by the Fede ral army in 18G5-43. The Confederates had established themselves in prolonged en trenchments, which many thought invulner able, and the resistance was only overcome by a thrust in an -unexpected quarter. 'Will lustory repeat itself?' is a question whioli has been eagerly debated in. the home jour nals for many weeks paet; Those who lfave been looking for Sedans are reminded by Mr. Chiozza Money that the titanic conflict lias witnessed scores of Sedans already— that is, battles as prodigious in the slaughter they have involved, though not in their politi cal consequences, as that which virtually ended the 1870-1 war. We may assume, however, that the deadlock will have a much speedier end tlian Mr. Money imagines, ft-r, as shown by the war alreaay. there Is etill abundant scope for atrategy; eind a writer in the 'British Review' is san guine that it needs but sufficient rein forcements to render practicable tht French offensive from Belfort, which - every military text-book has discussed for many yean past. The-GemanVkno w $1 ijjotit1 %Wfoiea^ taijijij* . of ^ otit^%^3^~t^ ipArtioo&B;, like.' the Frem&yiiafe; fceeir 'iiill of it; but/they believed that it w'ouM Mre'fceei* paralysed by their 'capture o£ PAna. Since Ike failure of thefr ija-i tended dash they have been devoting much effort to : itee defence «f -Alt-' Jdrclr arid MulhoUse, whose possession would give the French a ?ec'ure base for «n advance from Upper Alsace' towards the Rhine. . It 'would, then become' a ?qmstion whether Stnufbnrg la as vulner able as many think. Failing the capture ofUii* key to Baden and Wurtemburg, the. AlHea may employ their new armies in an attempt to pierce the Argonne *nd JWoevre, with^a view -%a reaching Troves hy the Moselle valley, or, as seems more generally to be expected, they may throw their whole weight Into an attack on Liege with . a , view , to commanding the enemy's one line of retreat' from Flanders and Brabant. All- this presupposes that the Allies will have their own- resources alone to rely on. but if Italy abandons her present neutrality, her rapid advance through the Tyrol to Ulm and Stuttgart would enable her to co-operate with im raense effect in an assault pn Strasburg. Nor can we exclude from the catalogue of possibilities the adhesion to the Entente Powers of other Allies whose assistance would be almost as valuable for tbe geo graphical advantages it would afford »b that of Italy Itself- If it can be proved to Denmark or Holland that so powerful are .the new forces and eqnipmeut the Al lies are bringing into the Geld that there is no danger in joining them the way will be clear for a strategic stroke that would easily prove irresistible. The treatment of Denmark by Germany since the war began has not been so considerate as to preclude as wholly chimerical the hope that with a view to the recovery of Scbleswig for herself ehe may make herself a party to a landing in that province of Anglo-liiiesian armies sufficiently large to storm Kiel and Hamburg. Indeed, with the German armies now so widely dis persed the 'British Review' contributor does not despair of the possibility of an Invasion of Schleswig apart from Danish co-operation. As to Holland, flanking, as she doea, the undefended province of West phalia, her appearance as an auxiliary of the Allies would provide them with au easy road to Essen, Dortmund, Dusseldorf, &ow; and thereafter to Berlin. Here rather than the use made of her territory as a channel for contraband traffic is the explanation of the respect paid by Ger many to her integrity. \ cable menage which \re publish to-day fltetex that the celebrated 'war . i- best' at Spandau has been opened, and that its contents, amounting to1 £6,000,000, nro coming into circulation. This suggests that Germany may be nearer the end of its gold re sources than British financiers have sup posed. Sir Edward Holden, addressing a ?Meting of bank shareholders in Lon don on January 29 last, expressed the opinion that 'there will be no cessation of this war on account of the gold position in Germany, at all events, within twelve months — and it may be longer.' There might, no doubt, be a cessation of hostili tiaa for other and sufficient reasons. Sir Edward Holden considers that the weak ness will first show itself, if -it has not already done so, in Austria and Hungary. Tbe fact to which we have to reconcile ourselves is that for years part Germany has been preparing for the war, financially, at in other ways. Special attention 'has been given to the gold position. At the beginning of 1910, the year before the Agadir crisis, the Reichebank contained only about 30 millions sterling of gold. Year after year the hoard lias been augmented; in January, 1014, it amounted to about 00 millions; when the war broke -out the total was 08 millions; and now the bank has. about 106, millions in its coffers. The accumulation of gold for war purposes has been aided by ' various devices, such as keeping up the German bank rate to 5 and 6 per cent.; selling exchange on Lon don to' prevent gold from leaving Ger \- many; restraining the banks by threats from exporting gold; taking from England large amounts of South African gold even at a loss; emitting small notes, in order to drive gold into the Reiehsbank; expanding the fcilver currency with the same object; paying. State employes with notes instead of gold; and, since the war began, melt ing down gold ornaments anu sending the gold to the Reichsbank jn exchange for notes, and inducing soldiers to collect gold * and take notes instead by the, offer jf spe cial leave of absence. 'When the pinch . arises,' Sir ^Edward Jlbldcu quotes an American writer as having said some time ago, 'Germany will organise herself eco uomically as thoroughly and as ruthlessly. as she organised her armies.'*' and he might have added, in the words of a German banker, 'Every mark will be (squeezed until jt shrieks.' Do conferences, of State Premiers ever decide any of the subjects they di6cuss, or are these kept alive eo that the in stitution shall not perish from want of . something to do? Such questions are .naturally suggested by a perusal of the list of matters to be brought before the Sydney Conference in May next. There are Ihe same old 'hardy annual*'— the payment for properties transferred to the . Commonwealth, proposed surrender of in dustrial powers to the Federal authority, services rendered by States %» Common wealth and vice versa, uniiorm railway gauge, rate of interest on loans from the ? Commonwealth, immigration, statistics of inter-State .time, bulk baudlijipg of graiti, , quinquennial , census, hall-marking . oL jewellery, &c.; These questions never leem to reach finality, but adorn the pro ^grainmea : of tShe ' Pjremici-sV -^t2c^ces- i^r~; -attar -jKar. ^-'So^%ouW.-fjrtiet«;i tie, relations of the States with Ptho Common-, wealth are ?concerned, it 'may be that the ?latter js chiefly responsible ; for keeping open controversial matters, he, for in stance, how the transferred properties are to be paid for, and whether the Fede ration ought to charge the States more interest on its advances than it ' allows them on the 'properties 'taken over. Even .so, however, jf the State Governments, after diseiHsion, agree- upon a policy to be followed in respect of any such, 'question, it is hard to see why it fihouid lie necessary to rehash stale, fare and serve it up continually at these an nual feasts. ? The cynic begins to doubt whether there ie not a lot of makebe lieve about the Prcmiew' Conferences, and a solemn pretence ' of serious and heavy business when the real aim is a plea sant outing. It is undeniable, however, that there arc important issues to be settled. Why, for example, cannot the State Go vernments make up their -minds finally about the establishment of uniform food and drug standards, as urged by the re cent congress of the Chambers of Com merce? And again, what is there so ' baffling about ' the proposal to collect statistics of inter-State trade, which have not been kept since the book keeping clause of the Commonwealth Con stitution ceased to operate, that the State Premiens cannot devise some practical arrangement to fill an ugly gap in the Australian statistical recoi-d': ? If prices of food and necessaries of life generally are artificially increased by 'cornering' operations, or other manipu lations of the market by combinations or monopolies, it is obviously the duty of the State to tome to the relief of the im properly exploited consumers. The Ministerial programme for the ensuing Parliament promises legislation to prevent such unfair trading by trusts or combines. If, however, prices are high through failure of crops no State action can establish a real cheapness, though aid may be given to euffertre from the enhanced cost of living by measures for which either particular classes or the general body of taxpayers me called upon to p«y. In this State the latest rise in the price of bread, which the master bakers have fixed at 5d. cash for the 2-lb. loaf, has been investigated by the Prices Regulation Commission, who re port that, in view of the price of flour and the cost of manufacture, the Increase is justified by the existing economic con ditions, end so not unreasonable. It ii true that in New South Wales, under a different regime, bread is 4d. The seizure of the farmers7 wheat by the Government has had, however, the effect in that State of disturbing the normal working of the law of supply and demand, and this at the expense of one section of the population— the agricultural community. By taking the farmers' wheat at from 2/ to 3/ per bushel under market value the State has inflicted on this eiasa of producers a loss estimated at a million sterling. Confisca tion of stocks may, of course, produce an artificial cheapness, but there is clearly no justice in throwing the cost of relief on a single section of the people, who are virtually robbed. There can be no doubt that the most beneficial shape which State. activity can «69ume is that which tends to en courage production and lift unnecessary burdens. The nilvance towards a complex system of State Socialism by which New South Wales is distinguishing itself ie not characterised by any perceptible gain to the masses. Since the war broke out, ac cording to the Commonwealth Statistician, the cost of living has risen 8:6 per cent, in Sydney, as against 3.4 per cent, in the capita! of this State. In Western Australia State butchers' shops and other eociaHstio adventures are simply helping to augment the huge deficit in the re venue, while the newe which we publish to-day that the Government have felt themselves compelled to choose between placing the Civil Service on short time or reducing salaries is but one more evidence of the failure of this policy to improve social conditions. During cross-examination by Sir Josiab Symon, K.C., of the defendant In the quarry action, in which Charles Towne hend Hargrave- and Edith Knox are the plaintiffs, and ThomaB E. Inglia is the defendant, on Monday, the defendant, in reply to questions, said prior to purchas ing the quarry property At Burnside he noticed indications that led him to be lieve that the reef from which a com pany web making bricks in the locality ran through the property, which was at that time advertised for sale by auction. He interviewed Mr. Hargrave with the object of obtaining an option over the land, as' he wished to test it and ascer tain whether or not there was yaluable brick-making material on it. He knew the Government at the- time were think ing of starting a brickyard. That was a matter of common talk, end he thought he might possibly be able to do business with them if the reef ran through the property, as- he .believed it did. Mr. Hargrave informed him 'that he could not at that /time have an option, and added that the place was advertised for sale by auction. . It was subsequently offered, but was not sold. The witness then renewed his application for an option, with the right to put down holes to test the land. He did not tell Mr. .Hargrave the pur pose for which he desired to tost it, Hav ing obtained an option, he satisfied him self that there was a good reef of brick making material, 'and then - made out- a report, which he furnished to Mr. Ver ran, who was Commissioner of Public Works at the time. 'He gave £1,600 for the property, and sold the part of it on which he had discovered the existence of the brickmakingmalerial,. to the Go vernment tot £2,(»0. 