h?'lCIAL NOUENGLATU?E. BRITISH AND ENGLISH. ORIGIN AND HISTORY. (By "Nomad.") Practioal persons are more concerned hbout things than the names given to them; but it is undeniable that the sig nificance of nomenclature carries weight, and that the majority of people are sensi tive as to the names hy which they ýre called-and even as tc the way in which they are spelt. Hence we have recently found a learned doctor in England strenu ously objecting to the name of "Britisher," while the London headquarters of the Overseas Club has been discussing how best to satisfy the, overseas subject of King George who objects to be called a "colonial." The sons of Caledonia, though they sometimes indicate their country of erigin by the letters N.B.-standing for North Britain-rather resent the Contin ental system of charxcterising all .nhabi tants of the British islands as-'En'lish," and the Union Jack as the "English Hfag." The children of Ierne are as much dis posed to repudiate the inference that "the first flower of the earth and first gent of the sea" is a part of England; though they may rest assured that when the "kultured" Prussian prays "Gott strafe England" he inchides Scotland, Ireland, and even Wales in the curse. The sensitiveness of some Britons of the Dominions revolts against the term "colonial," since the lands of their adoption have long emerged from the "colony" stage. Yet the Rhenish city of the famous cathedral, the Three Kings and the 11,000 virgins-not to mention the 39 distinct stenches-of Colognn, still bears, though in altered orthography, the old Latin distinction the "Colonia" of Rome as in the day of the Empress Agrippina, in whose honour it was founded. British and Yankee. The word "Briton" as a national cogno men conveys the general idea that an in dividual thus characterised is a native and resident of Britain: and as "English" is objected to as a racial name-though it has the recommendaton of covering the common language issue--there seems to be nothing available but "Britisher;" yet this, it has been alleged, is in some places employed as a term of contempt. Where the "con tempt" comes in is not easy to perceive. The great American lexicographer Web rter-or his latest emendator-declares that "Britisher" means tan Englishman, especial ly one engaged in naval or military service -"but it is now used jocosely." Perhaps the American idea is that "Britisher" stands on the same plane as "Yankees:" which is simply a corruption of "English." The Spaniards-with whom in early colonis ing days we did a good deal of fighting in Atlantic waters, render "English" as "In glse.," and the Indians who came into contact and conflict with the pioneer colon isis of New England, pronounced the word "Yengeese." which speedily resolvbd itself into "Yankees." The name was applied by the Southern to the Northern States peo ple during the great American Civil War of half a century ago as a term of derision or reproach: and even now?Western States ple refer to the New Englanders as down D Yankees." Since, however the United States has adonted "Yankee Doodle" as a national air, there should be no derisiveness in using the word "Yan kees" to indicate the whole na tive - born population of the Great Republic. A distinct preference is now be ing shown. however. for the style and title of "Americans"-yet Canadians. Mexicans, and the peoples of a score of Indian-cum Spanish republics are cqually entitled to call themselves "Americans." Colonial Nicknames. As to the colonial sobriquets generally, it is possible that Canadians may 'protest against being styled "Kanucks," as the Nova Seotian--by a left-handed compli ment to their damp climate-used to be called "Blue Ncses. The Briton newly arrived in Australia is developing a ten dency to recent the title of "Pommy." but there is no reprpach conveyed by the term. It is a compliment in the new chum's egm plexon. coupled with aý indication that he is an unmistakably fresh comer from the land of rosv-apple-fared inhabitants. "Pomegranate" is what Lewis Carroll call ed a "portmanteau word"-two meanings packed into one compressed word- pomme -an apple. and immigrant. Years ago. before the gold discovery in Australia, the "old las'" used to distinguish an immi grant from a pnrisonr. by calling him a "Jimmy." That was shorl for "Jimmi grant," and was probably first aoplied by some convict wit to an early shipment of free settlers in a vesrel na'red the Tames Grant. Moreover. .Australians will call each other hr State ni-kner-cs. It ;s no rprematach a SRdrDev dco native to be *alld a "Cornstalk." Vietarians do not shject to he styled "Gumsueckrs": Queens anders do not r-'pu.linat the sobriquet of 'Hsananlander"- i:nr Tasmanians object , he called P!ni Gun'r. .Adelaideans ccr ainly ldo not I,!;r to he styled "Crew 'aters." for that conoe- ansit impnuttion on their State: an-d rat've, of Swan River may pnrsthbl repudiaje the jocosity which once upon a time labelied-or libelled them as "Gropers." Albion and Eritannia. BRut t? revert from thb colonial to the Imperial questnn of rn.t.i.'nclature, it is interesting to note bhow ih.. Motherland and its pespll' rt Iheir i;names. Nearly five entrllr-s |i fort- r. a .ili:il:.; Caesar crossed the Strait of Doc'r. to rob the poor paint et vavagci and hurran s:acrifice-offerers cof tlhir frerelwater mrus-el pearls-and got such a sever,- handllig by them-the "father of history'" :rentioned the exist er. t the irle, the 'ierle te in Islands. which the Phoenician, visutved to obtain the metallic wherewithal ;o convert soft copper int, hard brontze. . rcnturyi later, Aris totle, tutor il Ah~lunder the Great le frrel to the Itritish Islands as "Albion." Julus (arsar hi'-rf.ce: when his legion lalen galleys pulled aiross to the chalk clhffs of Dover. r"-ong'nil the name as a rood one for s;, wh!;ire-shoredl a land. But thalt was not whit the aborigines called ;t: lher stYvld it Prydain: and the chief of their 30 valiant tribes. whose scythe a-heeled chariots wrctight euch havoc among the legionaries. were styled Brigantes. Hence came the Latinisrd version of the name Britannia. When Agricnla took seri ouslv in hand, a century later, the subju eatton of Britain. he -ave Scotlanl a name that has stuck alse-Caleldonia. Everybody knows--for Tacitus has reported it fully. even to the "wa-: speech" wh;ch Galgaeus made to the clans-what a gcod fight the (Caleionmans put up on the Grampian 3Ioun t?nas, but the Romae did not consider the Highlands worth locting. As to Hihernia Ihernia. lernia. Erin. Ireland--Agricola observedl that when he had time to look after it. one legion woulIl be enough for the conquest. South of the firths of Forth and Clyde. however. there was no mistake about either Roman domination or nomen elature. A coin struck by the Emperor Antoninus Pius. nearly eighteen centuries ago. is not only inscribdl "Britannia," but hears the image of Eritannia. leaning on her shield, sxcept for the trident. almost identical with the Britannia of our own current coinan-e. Two emperors of Rome-Severns and Ccnstantius-actunal lv died in Britain at "Ehoracum'-which i, nowadays cal:ed York. The Roman rule in Britain was mainly confined to the towns-held as military points, as their names still testify: for scores of towns ;t England. from Manchester to Dorchester. still indicate that they were originally Ron.an camps- "castra : and the city of 4 heste:r itself surv;ives to show that in its day it was "The Camp." par excellence. Aparl from tlhese topCtramphical na:tes, the L.ait taongt- left hardly a true- on the ce'lir lau-nlata of the British abo'igine'.. Thee warlike .nirit. however. had been so well broken-after the great rising of the Teeu, utnder Boandicea Wh'.n the British warrior queen, Bleeding fron the Roman rods 'a ked London and slaughtered 70.000 Iturnant-- hat when the. Irlnp.rial legions were ul:rnatelv withdrawn, not even the walls of Hadrian and Severus could keep back !hI predlatre- Piets--the Catledoniats. "Ihe L;J:-.e of the Angles. Then It wao that Britannia got a new natte a n " l.an-: l' and a; new religion. Away in thle Ian ?l pennistl?i of Jutllnd, and in that S?tl:'i.w: D,-hv of which Prlts -.a robbhel P?nirnark 50 v- ars ago, dwelti the Jutes and the Angles. and in , hle; wtg to.day ther, exist- the original Eng.el land or Enslandl. Whein \'ortigerln, pllta tive- King of llr'.ntnma. was hard pressed hb the Picts. he invited the-e warrior tribes ito core mt. r and help hIn'. Hengist and Horsa came and h-?'til Itinselves. saaon tribes fol'l , e l r tI c,,,,.<\--i . wtav-yr ,f human inund.lt:rl,. :sala ,i, cr,? ! t.ll lI.: tons wiere !tti"r.rItel t irr:tu.il fritl T'wa,,l it, Thalmes. Snloe relillnt of tili S.lIts-Gauls as th Hirnan itl':. ,l them - r.futged in the. rtuky iils ,f (;walia. tther wise Wales. and in 'ornw's .·ll shrn .Artliutr P,'ndragonl held -''il- rt::t -a! t- a fr a S ie. tither lrit 'h r i .e , r'.--,". l;, i hanntl an] ,iSat 'sith - t's ia.U the north-west corne- of lthet ,?:lne .., tialh.t. which tar-ar ha ii ith .r,.:" hly subjngatesd. These' ilrleti; is . ii.ie rame to Brittany andl heltI tr, r < .tQ 1i..ri tr mlany a century. while tht Iit, ,it. , heraie, of Franklll<-"fre men ti i l ll o.r the rest of Gaul and converted IIt into France The Brieton folk-- kuiidr-.d :o Welsh still hoeds its groundl there and the llreto?-tr'ie t llh ir insu:ar lherdlity and instincts, are now the mainstay of the Frenah Navy. Brittany was known unto the Romans as the province of Armorice; and our St. George of England, a Roman tribune, martyred by Diocletian was* an Armorican. Judging from English shire names, one would imagine that the country would have derived its new name from Saxons, rather than Angles. The South Saxons under Ella possessed themselves of Sussex and Surrey, the West Saxons under Cerdic held the whole of. England west to the Tamer, I southward of the Thames, yet East Anglia, of the North folk and the South folk, and t'lrcia of the central counties, were cvi :itly racially though not dynastically dominant. For when the Saxon Heptarchy was consolidated under Egbert. King (f the West Saxons, the name of the Kingdom was "England." Perhaps Pope Gre gory's famous pun on the fair haired children from Northumbria offered for sale in Rome's slave market-"Non Aneli sed Angeli"-had something to do with the fixing of the name. St. Augustine re- introduced Chris tianity in Kent. and Ethelbert, its first Christian sovere:gn was, styled "Rex Anglo rum"'-King of the Angles, or English. Ca --.oJnia and Scott-land. Meantime. another national name was being forged on the north of Britain. The Picts, or Caledonians, had to struggle against an invasion of so- called Scythians, styled Scuyths, who, after four c:enturies of fighting. definitely gained the upper hand, and under Kenneth il. (Mac Alpine) King of the Scotti, cantured the capita of the Picts, and established the kingdom of Scott-land. ']he Danish invasions of Britain, against which King Alfred fought so strenuously and successfully, introduced no new element of language or blood into England. The piratical hordes which swept round the coasts of Sc6tland and Ireland and established petty Danish kingdoms there introduced new elements into the Celtic blood; but in England the Dane was rapidly and readily absorbed, because he was of kindred race and tongue to the English. He was of the same stock as the Anglo-Saxon invaders of three centuries before. All that was necessary for him was to absorb what the Angles had lear?ed of civilisation, and to abandon Norse paganism in favour of Christianity. Simi larly the Norman invasion was not that of an alien race. The Normans--North men-were also Danes though a century of settlement in northern France had re suited in their adoption of the language, the institutions, the manners, and the re ligion of the Franks The Norman Dukes claimed simply to be kings of "Eng land." Great Britain. With the union of Scotland and Eng land, the old Roman name for the British Islands came into official vogue again, and the sovereign of the United Kingdom be came "His Britannic Majesty." "To Con tinental Powers, however, Britain, when not acrimoniously alluded to as "perfidious Albion," still remains England. To the French our people are not British, but Anglais. and Germany does not pray "Gota strafe Britain"--but "England." To us. the word. "German" now conveys the idea of Prussian militarism, ruthless and un scrupuldus rapacity and brutality; but the Prussians were noted and notable savages centuries after the Alemanni ("All men"-that 'is men of. all races) had given their name to Alemania, or, as the Roman -whose christenings never seem to fade, Latinised it Germania. The original Alemanni are now held to be represented by the people of Swabia, a name deriv able probably from their pristine title of Suevi. The Baltic Sea was in the time of the Caesars styled the Mare Suevicum. 