THE WEEK AT A GLANCE. LOCAL AND GENERAL. THURSDAY, June 17. In the House of Representatives yester-<*> day the Attorney-General gave notice of the introduction of six Referenda Bills. The Estimates were further considered in Committee. . i . Mr. Geo. Hando opened a pit silo con- < jtructed and filled nine years ago at Chinchilla with 40 tons of pencilaria. It ppened up well preserved and succulent, ! and the horses and cattle took well to ] it. ' Giving evidence. before the Prices of i .Goods Board at Melbourne W. Angliss nd irocated the general consumption of frozen meat as a retarding influence ia tbc up- , (ward tendency in prices. : The Commonwealth Minister for home 'Affairs denies that Sir George Reid, the JHigh Commissioner, was to be asked to J .continue in office in London after his ■ 12 months' extension of his term uutil * ithe end of the war. Agricultural farm selection in Queens- ; land in the first five months of the year ■ was represented by 161,268 acres in 526 farms, and perpetual lease selections num bered 13, covering 7998 acres. During the month of May 612,095 acres p! land were, taken up in Queensland. Only 179 points of rain has so far been irecorded at Undulla and Brigalow Creeks lor the present year. It is stated that a (number of settlers have already lost stock and the loss is likely to be .very (Severe unless rain falls very soon. At a conference of the Country Party members and the executive of the Farm ers' Union held at Toowoomba it was [unanimously decided to form a distinct integral party in Parliament, and Mr. iAppel was chosen leader. A Bill to amend the War Pensions Act, itransi-erring the administration from the iWar Pensions Board to the old age and (invalid branch of the Federal Treasury, is now being prepared in Melbourne for submission to Parliament. ;W!estbrook Hall, near Toowoomba, has ;been accepted by the military authori ties-as a hospital for returning wounded soldiers. So far 495 officers of the Postal Depart ment throughout the Commonwealth have peen allowed to enlist in the Expeidition )ary Forces, and permission has been ■given for anybody in the department to leolist. .. . The indications for coal developments In the Maryborough district, handy to jthe deep water port, are said to be most Ifavourable. The coal is similar in jquality to that of the Burrum field, and nvill make an excellent coke. Mr. Thomas Manning, aged 83 years, a ,very old resident in the Central district, and formerly a carrier to the outside idistricts, has died at Darcaldine. It has been decided by the Government .to purchase in America a modern oil- Jboring plant for the purpose of testing itho oil-bearing lands at Roma and other places and to engage an expert driller to . tfirect -the operations. The cost of the plant will be £5200 f.0.b., New York. Reginald Garth, a; 12-year-old Perth boy, was brought back from Colombo to Perth by the steamer Mjongolia. As his brothers were all serving with the. Ex peditionary Forces he had made an (earnest attempt to get away to the Front, but ,was unsuccessful. , ' Serious charges have been made about ;the poor quality of boots ■ supplied to .the Commonwealth Defence. Department, and it is stated that a consignment Jias boon returned from Egypt, which had been passed by the Department's inspec tors, who are members of the Australian Boot Trade Employees' Union. Speaking at Cairns the Governor of Queensland said that whatever our loss might bo we had to go through it and dt must be a fight to a finish. Two children of Mr. W. J. Roberts, chairman of - the Stock Exchange, Melbourne, were playing at soldiers when ;one picked up a small rifle and pulled the trigger, the charge entering the head of. the younger brother, George, aged 9 years, who died shortly afterwards. After sitting for nearly 12 months "tine Koyal Commission that has been inquir ing into the question of closer settle ment has agreed upon its report in re gard to the dry areas. A fine of £400 was imposed on Francis tfames M'Cullough in Melbourne, on a .charge of underpayment' of Customs Jdutiea and passing false entries. Frank Williams, a labourer, was fined in the West Australian . Police Court 20/ With' costs for having been in unlaw ful possession of a military uniform. At a mass meeting held in the Perth Town Hall it was , resolved that all (alien, ttntjmy, and disloyal subjects should be interned irrespective of social rank and position. The Pioneer River Farmers' and Graz iers' Association, Mackay, has decided tc urge the Government ', to! expedite the (construction of. the railway northwards from Mackay. , { ' . " ' FRIDAY, June 18' '' Suma aggregating £1357/2/4, were yes terday 'received for : "the "Courier? 1 Patriotic Funds. The grand total last pjglit was £85,151/6/2. : . ; ' Tine 40tl- list of Australian 'casualties fit the Dardanelles was issued last night, jmd contained the names of 79 .Queens landers and 221 in the other States. \- An Order in Council was issued yester Jiay removing from office the; Control" oi Prices Board appointed ■ by•: the late €tot crnment, and appointing Mr. R. Sumnei as a Board of Control for tbg' purpose bf the Act, ■ • •.-•'..■■ Nudgee College defeated the Toowoom. ba Grammar School in a Rugby football match yesterday by 36 to nil. - There was a large attendance at the 3rin Gin Show yesterday, when the ring 2venta were the principal attraction. It ia understood that the State Trea surer's mission to the South is to obtain a loan ol £2,000,000 from the Common wealth. The Minister for (Public Instruction states that he has received numerous letters supporting the proposal to abolish home lessons. Mr. Hardacre proposes to submit to the Cabinet the question of abolishing "quarter money." It is anticipated that .a profit of over £800 will be realised as a result of the Belgian Relief Fund Amateur Race Meet ing held in Melbourne yesterday. According to a statement issued- yester day by the Director General of Medical, Services the need for medical men for service at the Front ia still very urgent. Arrangements are being made to estab lish a special branch of the post office in each capital city so as to facilitate the despatch of letters to members of the Australian Expeditionary Forces. In the Senate yesterday the Minister for Defence made a statement regarding munitions, and said he had made a pro position to the Cabinet whereby the Com monwealth would import machinery and make shells and guns in, Australia. Ihe Insurance Bill was read a second time, and the Spirits Bill passed the remaining In • the House of Representatives the Prime Minister made a statement regard ing munitions. A Supply Bill for £2,122, -467 was introduced, and a long debate ensued. - . .. Clause 21 of the regulations, under tne Public Service Act, dealing with extended leave has been suspended for a further period of six months from June 1. .. . Pleurorpneumonia has been discovered among cattle at Elbow Valley, near War wick, and. the holding has been placed in quarantine. ' It is thought in some quarters that the damage to the young wheat at . Warwick is caused, by the scrub magpie and not by the field magpie, which, it is stated, does eood' service to the fanner by eating the soft grubs that attack tho wheat in its early stages. . The railway is now complete to Kelvin Grove, Mackay, and although the opening date has not been fixed, trains will run during the show week. Members of the Hospital Executive waited on Messrs. Foley end Ryan, MM.L.A., at TownsviUe to ask them to urge the Government to establish an asylum in th* North for. incurables. Everything in their, power was promised by the Ministers. , There are said to be indications that an era of activity is likely to commence soon in connection with the development of the Bowen Valley coalfield. It is un derstood that a powerful syndicate Re presenting European interests has been attracted to the field. # • Tho Victorian Cabinet has decided that a Royal Commission, consisting of a Supreme Court judge, should be appointed to investigate the whole question of the exportation of frozen meat since the agreement was entered into early in February with the exporters to make available supplies , for the Imperial authorities. An advisory committee of representa tives of the Chamber of Commerce and Chamber of Manufactures and th* Minis ter for Public Works has been appointed '."by. the Victorian Cabinet to deal with the question of securing freightage for food supplies, cornsacks, and other com- modities from abroad, 'in view of the shortage in the South Australian meat supply the , Government has decided to "open a butcher's shop in Adelaide to supply direct to the con sumer' from the depot at Port Adelaide. It is generally accepted at Mackay that this year's sugar crushing will be a poor one. One mill is endeavouring to negotiate with a neighbouring factory to crush the cane of both. , ' Owing to the sugar shortage in vic toria supplies have been provided for by the Colonial Sugar Co., which will re lievo the situation until the present season's crop is ready for market. This month's supplies of butter are showing a material falling off .compared with those of last month, and the mar -1 ket is firmer. ■ . . ; It has been decided to open to selec tion in Queensland 35 portions of land, aggregating 55,667 acres. 1 Owing to the- dry conditions prevailing 1 in other parts of Queensland a consider 1 able amount of sugar, for fodder, is being 1 trucked from the Beenleigh railway sta tion. A Bill is to be introduced in New Soutl > Wales to deal with the slaughtering o 3; female cattle. ; • . ■ i Farmers are busy at Crow's Nesf witt the corn threshing plants, and steam chaff-cutters working in the district. -, Saturday; June i& ' Suma totalling £1133 were . yesterdaj 3 • received for the various "Courier' Patriotic Funds, the grand total of whicl ? last night stood at £86,284. , The Minister for Railways yesterdaj ■ officially opened the Pahnwoods-Buderin tramway, and in his address said the Go \- vernment was negotiating to again secur< £ the services of Mr. A.;H. Benson, thi \- fruit expert. c Mr, F. G-. Harris lias been appointee 5 inspecting officer to; the Bureau of Cen tral Sugar Mills. Mr. J. F.~ Foster haa been appointed chemist at the Babinda mill. .. ■' The Logan Village-Canungra railway will be opened to public traffic on July 2, and the Drayton deviation on July 5. A University tennis team yesterday de feated a visiting Toowoomba Grammar. School team by 46 games to 23. It is believed that the Government will take some action towards the develop ment of coal areas in the Dawson Valley, and thus practically create a State coal mine. About 1 a.m. yesterday a serious fire occurred in Ipawich, resulting in the destruction of a boarding house, kept by. Mrs. Saunders, Mr. A. Cole's bootshop, and Mr. H. Gee's stationer's shop. At a meeting held in Toowoomba yes terday it was decided to take steps to stimulate recruiting in Toowoomba and district. A direct result of the experiences of the war ia likely to be the coming of France into the Australian meat market as a good customer. . "Rose Day" (yesterday), in aid of tho wounded soldiers, is expected to realise over £1000 when all the returns are re ceived. Sir Robert Philp was invested. by. the Governor-General at Federal Government House, Melbourne, with the insignia of K.C.M.G. In the Senate yesterday a Supply Bill was put through all stages after a long discussion. ' ..- t ' • , v In the House of Representatives the Attorney- General moved the. introduction of one of the Referenda Bills, and a stormy debate ensued, the first reading being eventually carried by the applica tion of the closure. During the pro- ceedings Mr. Foster was suspended for the remainder of the sitting. The other .Referenda Bills were also introduced, and read a first time. An analysis of the returns of cattle sold at the Enoggera yards during March, April, May, and June (up to the l&th;) shows the slaughter of female cattle to be approximately 36 J per cent, of the whole. •Flocks of sheep, chiefly for fattening purposes, have been recently acquired about Pomona', on the North Coast rail way. ' .... ' ■ .. A winter course for young farmers ana farmers' sons will commence at the Queensland Agricultural College, Gatton, on June 29, and will ■■ continue for a period of two'weeks. • • The Logan Village to Canungra railway will be opened to public traffic on July 2, and the Drayton deviation on July 5. Wheat, bran, and pollard have-been added to the commodities for which the Prices of Goods Board may, fix prices. Mr. H. O. Quodling (agricultural ad viser), who has been in the Gin Gin dis trict, states that farmers^ are turning their attention to mixed farmings • The . sugarcane-shown was a feature of the Gin . Gin Show. ' . A number of inquiries, chiefly from the Darling Downs, are being made of sugar : * growers in the Bundaberg district -tor sugarcane suitable for stock. . i It is reported that about 3000 men are ? now idle in the Newcastle district, New. '. South Wales, ,and that the outlook for [ them and their families for the winter is > very bad. i The quantity of butter in cold storage in Brisbane is steadily decreasing, on Friday, the quantity being 1289 boxes. i According to proclamations approved higher prices are to come into operation I"- in Sydney for butter,. bran, and pollard. It has been decided to call a meeting . of Townsville citizens, with the object of establishing a fund for a memorial to soldiers who have fallen at the front. Mr. H. P. Beaver has been elected town 1 clerk of Adelaide in succession to Mr. T. ' G. Bllery, who has accepted a similar 1 position in Melbourne. The two Japanese training cruisers, Aso ■ and Soya, which are making a cruise ' around Australia, are expected to arrive 1 in Brisbane on July 7. } In the New England districts the worm ' is playing havoc with the crop, and no potatoes are arriving from that source, causing a shortage. - ' * At a meeting of the Pioneer River " Farmers' and Graziers' Association, held ; at Mackay, a motion was passed that the Premier of Queensland be approached and J asked if his Government -would, retain L Queensland sugar until such time as a " fair price is assured to the millers and irrowcrs Messrs. Gibson Bros., the well-known Bundaberg sugar people, have bought Marylands station, in the Mackay dis- trict, as a going concern, for £12,000. Two women members of the Sydney f police force have been appointed. The aim " is to keep young children off the streets, especially at night time, and to enable a members oi the new force to prevent the • 1 largely attended meeting of wtimen i held in the Melbourne Town Hall, it was i decided to form" a Housewives' Co-oper ative Society, with the object of obtain ine produce direct from producers in the sr country without the intervention of mid l ,dlemen. MONDAY, June 21. ' A further sum of £234/14/4,, was re v ceived yesterday for the "Courier" Patri a otic Funds, and the total now stands at i- £86,519/10/1. M . — c The 41st list of Australian casualties c at the Dardanelles was issued on Satur day morning, and contained, the namea & of 21 Queenalanderg and of 284 officers i. &nd; men in the other States. £15). The Queensland Parliament has been summoned to meet on Monday, July 12. Peroy Malcolm Job was found drowned in a waterhole near Ingham. yesterday morning. The contest for the featherweignfc cham pionship of Australia- at the Brisbane Stadium on Saturday night, between Jimmy Hill and Prank Ellis, ended ia a draw. , , _, „ . Loveacre won the Park Plate on Satur day, and Eoy Blue won the Park Purse. There was a large attendance at the cabmen's charity races on Saturday at the Brisbane Cricket Ground. M. Reilly s Charity won tbe Stevens "Courier" Cup. In Rugby Union football or. Saturday Christian Brothers B defeated Military by 8 points to 6, and Eastern Suburbs defeated Christiau Brothers A by 13 points In the Rugby League fixtures Wool lcongabba defeated West End by .14 points to nil, and Bulimba won from Western Suburbs by 19 points to 10. The Houso "Fours regatta ■ held by the Commercial Rowing Club on Saturday was won by the. Technical College crew. The Lamington Cup, under the Briabano Golf Ctiub, . was won .on. Saturday by Messrs. O. O. Mant and Olive Boyce. A meat famine is threatened in Sydney. Mr. Peake, ex-Premier, has ' been elected for Alexandra, in the South Australian Parliament. . _ , The Canterbury Handicap, run m Syd ney on Saturday, was won by Crab Apple from Leta and Lady Skopos. The V.A.T.C. Richmond Cup resulted in a win for Royal Alice, with Atora and Souc'i1. in the other places ' A meeting at Murwillumbah carried a resolution in favour of the creation of a new State in the north- east of New South Wales. It is stated that a proposal ,is on foot to allocate certain of the revenues from timber to purposes connected with tne land from which it is raised. , ■ The Queensland Minister for Railways has agreed to receive a deputation on July 9 on the question of railway con nection between the Queensland, railways and Kyogle, New South Wales. . Speaking to a deputation which in vited him to visit Gympte the Minister for Lands (Mr. Hunter) said that as soon as time permitted he hoped to . visit various parts of the State, especially those' with good lands suitable for selec- Mr. Francis Conway Mason,- formerly Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, has died at the age'of .72 years. Mr. H. P. Fredericksen (Warwick), who served in the 18th regiment of Danish infantry, ha 3 received from the Danish Government a gold medal and bonus* of £10/10/ for serving with the. colours. Alderman F. Baker has been elected mayor of Goondiwindi in. place of Alder man Gibson, who has resigned. The dead body of a soldier named John Moore (37) was discovered in a coachhouse at the back of an hotel at Stone's Corner, South Brisbane, death being due to hemorrhage of the brain through an accident from an accidental fall down a hold of a steamer, while travelling from Townsville. . Mr. George Boyle, who is 63 years of age, was severely-gored by a bullock, the animal ~ running its born through his stomach. Consideration is being -given in Vic toria to the question of increasing rail way fares and freights. It is hoped to receive an increase in revenue of from £200;000 to £300,000 by the new scheme. The Administrator of the Northern Ter ritory states that there is no likelihood of employment, in the Northern Territory at present. A sum of £226,000 is to be included in the Federal Postal Estimates for. the extension of the automatic telephone system throughout Australia. Next week New South Wales will receive a shipment froui the Argentine of 7000 tons of ; wheat. The 'Attorney-General states that this wheat will be sent on to Queensland to make good supplies already received from that State. ' At a meeting of the . Iron' Masters' Association of Perth, W.A., it was deci ded to telegraph to the Commonwealth Minister for Defence offering, to place . their works, plant and services* at the dis postal of the. Defence Department for the production of munitions. • A report from Colonel Feathcrston, the Director General of Military Services, states that volunteers for active service " cannot be aqcepted if they have full sets of artificial teeth. ; A cable has been received notifying that 11 officers and 29 men have left Suez for Australia by the hospital steamer Kyarra, being "marked for a change." At a meeting of the trustees of the Ag ricultural Bank hold last week 99 appli cations were approved of for £14,809. The Premier has wired to the Mackay millers, who protested against the re moval of the import duty on sugar that the Federal Government has no present intention of interfering with the sugar duty, and other matters., are the-subject of correspondence with - the Common wealth. . A fire swept through" about eight acres ;of cane on Mr. Dale's farm at Gin Gin, scorching about 100 tons of cane, which will all be lost, as there are no mills ! working." . : TUESDAY/June 22. i Sums aggregating £66 were yesterday i received for the hCourier" Patriotic Funds, the total amount of \vhiclv last flight stood, at & 86,585. The price of butter has been advance!" 9/ per cwt., bringing the rate to 205/—a higher level than haa been reached tot, many years. ' A strike for higher wages occurred amongst a large number of scrub cuttera at Coongoola station, in the CunnamuUa district. The demand has been refusedi and the men have left the district. No difficulty is anticipated in filling theirs places. Timothy Spillane, aged 23, was drowned on Sunday while swimming the Burdekin, on horseback. Garrett Condon, aged 55, residing at Horella, about 7 miles from Gympie, waa found dead yesterday with a bullet wound in his # head. It is supposed to be a case of suicide. The Hon. T. J. Ryan, interviewed in.' Melbourne, intimated an intention to abolish the postal vote, and also to _ in troduce legislation to control combined and monopolies. Tom Newell, a steerage passenger on thd Aldenham, fell between that vessel and the wharf Jast evening. Ho was re covered in an unconscious condition, but iwaa brought round and convoyed to.the hospital, suffering from injuries to tho head, sustained as a result of his fall. The 42nd list of Australian casualties at the Dardanelles was issued last night, and contained 314 names, including those of 89 Queensliinders. ,„ „ v The ■ Queensland Premier (Mr. Ryan)* who is in Melbourne, had a long inter view with the Prime Minister yesterday* and it is understood that finance was one of the matters discussed. The Prime Minister stated yesterday that the Government would allow two weeks' discussion > on the Referenda Bills, but the vote must be taken on Friday week, this being taken to indicate that he will move the closure on that day. , Mr. Fisher also indicated that a Com.* pulsory Voting Bill would be introduced, and would be in force at the time of the referenda. An attempt was made to steal the Sheffield Cricket - Shield at Fitzroy, Vic toria,' between Saturday night and yester* . day morning, but the thieves were apv parently disturbed; The Minister for Finance in New Zca-< land haa announced that a ■ War ■. Loan Bill is to be-introduced, and will be fob lowed by a War Tax Bill. The Defence Department has purchased 4000 tons of chaff in New Zealand at a price -which represents a saving oi about £17,000. '- Stake butchers' shops were opened mi Adelaide for the. first time yesterday. Mr. R. Sumner, who has been ap . pointed to supersede the Control of Prices ! Board in the Southern division, has .taken up his duties. . A deputation waited on the Ministe.c • and Commissioner for Railways with a request for the continued use of Blufl [ coal on the Central .railways. It was i stated, "in reply, . that. further inquiry ;" would be instituted into the matter of i i j [ 3 i - I j , ; . ' the use of Blufl.coal. ' ■ A large number of new works have been authorised by the Commonwealth Minister for Home Affairs, including ad ditions to the Maribyrnong .Cordite Pac-> tory at a cost of £15,000. "The steamer Ganges has arrived at Suva from Calcutta with 800 Indian im migrants. Considerable disappointment is said toi be felt amone the dairymen of' liismore, New. South Wales, at : the amount of 'the increase in tho price of butter, as it. was hoped it would have been 4d; The Government of Turkey has agreed to establish a Prisoners' of War Informa tion Bureau, but the proceedings appear to be. slow. Particulars are to ba cabled'as soon as received. Experiments have been made in Mel-1 bourne in shell making by Messrs. Gray, Bros. , . - ■ ' Strong resentment ha 3 been expressed by representative Labour men regarding' tho delay in establishing a second shift at the Commonwealth Small Arms Fafc tory at Lithgow. His Honour Mr. Justice Hood has been appointed a Royal Commission to in quire into the export of frozen meat from Victoria.. Leslie R. A. Bentley, a young farmer residing at Bchuca South, Victoria, was. fined £10 for expressing disloyal sentir raents. The magistrate expressed regret' that he could not send the defendant to. three months' imprisonment. A strong desire has been expressed by, the Prices of Food Board in Victoria that the iFederal Ministry should at once decide whether or not it was pre pared to remit the duty on sugar. : The Charters Towers Ambulance have installed a new ..motor car for bush work. . j The butter graded by the Department bl Agriculture in Brisbane for export for ! the week ended June 19 comprised 1665 • packages. . : . ? . The supplies of maize in .the Brisbane market continue to be fairly small,, while . there "is no apparent improvement in tbo quality, most of the consignments being • a shade too fresh. WEDNESDAY, June 23. ?urns aggregating £412/12/10; were yes terday received for tfhe "Courier" Patri otic Funds, making the total amount to date £86,908. The Minister for . Railways propose* to bring about decentralisation ,in the Railway Department, the .intention being to appoint an officer in the Central and divisions respectively, to' takq control of -railway 'busiiijesg,- .. Tho question, of a State coal mine £a tmder consideration, lljut nothing definite has yet been done. Arrangements "Hill probably be mado at an early date for an inspection of the -abattoirs trite at Colston by members of the Ministry. The Mackay show "was commenced •yesterday, and the attendance was esti mated at 5000. The .opening ceremony .was performed by the president .of tho Bociety. The Gayndah show was commenced yesterday, when the opening ceremony ■was performed by the Hon. W. Hamilton (Acting Minister for Mines). Tho New Zealand Government haspixi bibitnd the export of potatoes from the Dominion, and a census is to be taken of all the wheat, flour, and oats in New Zealand. Three Chinese were each fined £100 in Sydney yesterday on a charge of having been indirectly concerned in bringing Chinese immigrants to the Commonwealth on the steamer Eastern in circumstances which led to the inference that they in tended to land in Australia secretly. Tho Australian casualties in the war. up to the latest list issued, total 8915, the Queensland total being 1182. Mr. J. Manson Bailey, 0.M.G., the vet eran Colonial Botanist, is reported to bo seriously ill. The New South Walea Minister for Labour states that he ha 9 made arrange ments for 200 of the Newcastle unem ployed to be found work on the railways and another.Boo are to be absorbed. Much interest has been aroused in the possibility of trade development in man ganese. . A mine. of manganese ore is being worked near Gympie, turning put about six tons a week. The price of the ore is about £3/5/ on the spot. No step has been taken in Queensland to place the price of butter • under the jurisdiction of tho Control of Prices Board. 'Following on the protracted drought iheavy general rains have fallen over South Australia during the last three idays. A good wheat crop is expected. The Governor of West Australia haa placed his summer residence at Albany at •the disposal of tho authorities for con iValescent soldiers from the Dardanelles. Mr. J. J. Addison, the well-known Vic torian lawn tennis player, is reported to have been killed in action in the North .of France. _A scheme is on foot in New South Wales for the Government to supply meat provisions to the public at cheaper rates. . 1 The Minister for Defence has approved of the formation of a Dental Corps in connection with the Australian Expedi tionary Forces. The Minister for Defence states that the Commonwealth Government is finding out whether munitions can be made in tho •Commonwealth. At a meeting held at Broken Hill, New South Wales, and attended by about 900 persons, it was resolved to form a volun teer brigade to assist during week ends and other spare time in the manufacture of munitions of war. The Primo Minister of New Zealand states that there is enough frozen pro duce awaiting shipment from New Zea land to fill 20, ships. Tie Prime Minister of New Zealand has ordered a census of all the wheat, flour, and oats in the Dominion on June 30. Since the export of rabbits has been -temporarily suspended 900,000 havo been placed in cold stores in Victoria and 4,560,000 in New South Wales. 