NATIONAL COUNCIL OF. WOMEN. Annual Meeting. The National Council of Women held the lirsl session of their annudl meeting at Willard House, yesterday afternoon. There was a large attendance. Mrs, Kingsbury presided. In her .opening remarks, Airs. Kingsbury Said that it was two veals since she had presided at an annual meeting of tho council. She referred briefly to her visit to Rome, when the quinquennial congress was held there last year. Since the last annual mcetiug site said, Australia had been baptised as a nation in the blood of her most glorious sons. Women had done their part in the work of the na tion in that twelve months, and only needed to be shown what more could be done to at once do it. The National Council bad had a busy year, as tiie an nual report would show. Airs, jx.ingsbury made an appreciative re ference to the work of Mrs, Alason Realty .who had resigned tile position of secre tary, in consequence ol orther duties under taken since the war began. Airs. Pagan also had resigned, in consequence of leav ing Brisbane, and Mrs. Kingsbury also voiced the regrets of the committee at losing Airs. Pagan's help. Mrs. Williams said a few ;word of appre ciation of Airs. Kingsbury's address, and the good work she had done for the National Council. Tho report of ,thc foreign and Interstate secretary was presented. This was brief, since the war has interfered with the work. Tiie secretary of the International Council lives in Germany, and correspon dence with her thus has been impossible. Alemhers of the Interstate Coun- cils have been so engrosseu in the . work of the Red Cross that they have not been able to give much time to the work of the N.C.W. When international work again is pos sible, it is hoped to encourage the st-uay of the national, social, economic, and ethical problems raised by tho war. The next quinquennial meeting will take place in Christiania in 1919. Congratulations were sent to" the Danish Council on the franchise, on an equality with men, be ing granted to the women of that coun try. The tenth annual report showed that this has been an exceedingly busy year! The question of bush nursing, which was brought up afcthc -last annual meeting by- Airs. Young, had been considered by a small subcommittee, of which Airs; W. S. Anderson was convener. Eventually a committee, calling the "Bush Nursing Committee" was formed, with power to make all arrangements. No centre vet has been established, but the secretary. Airs. F. Little, has accumulated niuoh. in formation on the subject. .Rciercncc nlsq was made to the Imperial Service Club, and eulogistic references were made to the work of the committee. The club has been in existence scarcely three months, and already 2,500 members have been on the books. The Women's Alulual .Service Club, for the wives and relatives of soldiers and sailors at the iront. also was mentioned. In July, a meeting was held at the Albert Hall, when Professor Gibson and Rev. Scott, Fletcher addressed 1 the members. Seventy-six ladies en; 1 rolled 'alter tire meeting, and the executive; was 'empowered to draw up a scheme whereby a fully classified list of women workers would be available, should tho Government decide to employ won\en to relieve men for war service. The council now consists of 39 affiliated societies. Two societies have aifiiliated, namely, the Red Cross Society and the Children's Playground Association. The financial report showed a balance in The Government Savings Bank of £58 8s. Cel., and £l cash in hand. The following officers were elected :" Pre sident, Airs. J. J. ''"ingsburv : vice-pre sidents; Alcsdames Williams, W. Smythe, W. S. Anderson, G. E. Rowe, .and E. B. Harris ; hon. . treasurer, . Mrs. Exley ; foreign and interstate secretary, Airs. W. II. C'arvosso ; State secretary. Miss 13nge; assistant secretary. Airs. Ray Stanley. The following conveners of standihg.conj- mittccs were appointed: Finance, Airs.' Exlev ; Press, Airs. William Young ; peace and' arbitration, Airs. G. E. Row? ; laws concerning women, Airs. J. Williams ; suf frage, Miss' AI. A. Ogg ; equal moral standard, Dr. Helen Shaw ; public health, Airs. W. II. Carvosso ; education, Airs. J. S. Kerr ;. emigration and immigration, Airs.. Brigadier Harris. The following were elected to the executive : Alcsdames Stanley, Moss,. Boyd, M. Bcatty, CoIe> Goggs, Foxton, .Hope Aforgan, Atiss Griffith, arid Sister Lily. 