^eaSMOKE DRIFT. 'The causie of charity, linked t the totalisator, is being vigorously advocated. - -The trial of Christian de Wet,on .reason charges, is proceeding at Bloemfontein. 'A fleet of Zeppelins is reported to be patrolling the North Sea, in Danish waters. „ During the past month 431 miiles of rails were laid on the E. and WV railway. 'y America has received 5%4 mil. lion immigrants from Germany i0 the last 90 years. Potatofloour, now used in Ger. many, is said to have strong nutritious properties. Flour is now £18 per ton; poi. lard has gone up another is, but bran is reduced 5s. Victoria's application for 250,000 bushels of wheat from N.S.W. has been turned down. For the year ended December last- the Carlton Brewery showed a profit of £10,207. Despite the German "blockade" shipping in the English Channel continues normal. Germany claims to have 120 big mine- laying submarines each carrying 100 mines. 953~ per cent. of the half-year's butter of the Trafalgar Company was credited-assuperfine. In the cool stores fruit is kept at freezing point at a charge of 1td per case per week. \- In February last year flour was £815s per- ton;in the beginning of this year it was £14. The .War Office has ordered another 300,0001bs of jams and jellies from a Sydney firm. An underground flow of water, tapied near Inglewood, has proved a boop to that town. Tales of-starving stock and tailure of water supply are heard from almost the whole State. The Wheat Acquisition Board in N.S.W. has prohibited theex. port of wheat from that State. An Australian transport with troops from Queensland is I earound on Thursdav Island. The Kaiser has gone to Wil helmshaven to direct the opera tions of his submarine fleet. The Austro-German army at Bukowina has been defeated, and fsretiring before the Russians. Possible financial dislocations owing to the war have put a stop to plantation extensions in Papua. Destruction of a Zeppelin which in a snowstorm got beyond con trol. The-crew jumped into the sea. \- As a result of Germany's action against merchant vessels, Norway threatens to cease trading with her. Yarra Glen -residents are in dignant that 500 sheep are being depastured in their local ceme. tery. The N.S.W. Government is claiming £750 from a farmer for selling wheat in contravention of theAct. The Kaiserhas uttered a lament over what he terms the wanton destruction of property by the Russians. The State Ministry has not yet explained its failure to prevent further devastation by the desolat ing dredge. ,Germany claims to have cap tured, to date, 64,000 Russian prisoners, 70 cannon, and 100 machine guns. Germain blood amounts to about a folirth part of the current in the veins of. white people in the United States. 