SMOKE DEIFT. The cause of charity, linked to the totalisator, is being vigorously advocated. The trialiof Christian de Wet,on treason charges, is proceeding at Bloemfontein. A fleet of Zeppelins is reported to be patrolling the North Sea, in Danish waters. America has received 5% mil lion immigrants from Germany in the last 90 years. Potato flour, now used in Ger many, is said to have strong nutritious properties. Flour is now £18 per ton ; pol lard has gone up another 5s, but bran is reduced 5s. Victoria's application for 250,000 bushels of wheat from N.S.W. has been turned down. For the year ended December last the Carlton Brewery showed a nrnfit; of £10.207. Despite the German "blockade." shipping in the English Channel continues normal. Germany claims to have 120 big mine-laying submarines each carrying 100 mines. 95M Per cent, of the half-year's butter of the. Trafalgar Company was credited as superfine. In the cool stores fruit is kept at freezing point at a charge of l^d per case per week. In February last year flour was £8 15s per ton ; in the beginning of this year it was £14. The War Office has ordeired another 300,0001bs of jams and jellies from a Sydney firm. An underground flow of water, jtapped near Inglewood, has proved a boon to that town. Tales of starving stock and tailure of water supply are heard from almost the whole State. The Wheat Acquisition Board in N.S.W. has prohibited the ex port of wheat from that State. An Australian transport with troops from Queensland is aground on-Thursday Island. The Kaiser has gone to Wil (helmshaven to direct, the opera tions of his submarine fleet. The Austro-German army at Bukowina has been defeated, and is retiring before the Russians. Possible financial dislocations owing to the war have put a stop to plantation extensions in Papua. Destruction of a Zeppelin which in a snowstorm got beyond con trol. The crew jumped into the sea. As a result of Germany's action against merchant vessels, Norway threatens to cease trading with her. Yarra Glen residents are in dignant that 500 sheep are being 'depastured in their local ceme tery. The N.S.W. Government is claiming £750 from a farmer for selling wheat in contravention of the Act. The Kaiser has uttered a lament over what be terms the wanton destruction of property by the Russians. There are now £22,225,243 worth of Commonwealth bank notes in circulation. Gold reserves, 9H millions. The Minister of Lands is on the tracks of trustees of public re serves who have failed in their duty. There are 882 men in the West and 1711 in South Australia work ing on the E. and W. line. An active campaign for the better regulation of the drink traffic is in progress. The Defence department in timated by letter to the Poowong and Jeetho Shire council on Wed nesday that an obsolete gun, now at Port Fairy, had been allotted to the shire by ballot, and that it was now available. It was pointed out that the cost of removal had to be borne by the council, and it had been ascertained that the freight charges would be £8 7s 6d to Korumburra. The gun and carriage weigh a little under 3 tons. After some discussion, it was decided to accept the gun, providing the total cost of re moval does not exceed £20, and to place it in the Korumburra public park. 