RURAL TOPICS. Tlie complete returns of last week's rain fall showed that the amounts were greater than at first anticipated. It was a gentle, soaking rain, every drop of which went into the soil, and Which must be of immense benefit to crops. There is no doubt mow about the early growth of cereals, and any necessity for harrowing~to break the crust, and let the plant through, has disappeared. In the "South-western and North-eastern quarters of the State the rainfall was al most heavy enough to flood the rivers. In New South Wales the South Coast regis tered heavy falls, and the rain, though lighter elsewhere, was general. Western Australia reports that the rain was lighter in . the agricultural areas than might have been wished for. In the Northern and Western districts of Victoria and in New South Wales grass is growing nicely, but is hardly forward enough yet to be of much benefit even to sheep, and stock of all kinds suffered severely from the cold. Losses were in parts very severe, and most of those left are in poor condition. In the Southern districts it is hardly likely that conditions will alter very materially before August; but in the North early-sown crops will soon afford good pasturage. The State Government has lately in formed the wholesale meat trade that in stead of, as heretofore, conserving stocks of frozen meat for the use of the British Government, it is preferable that the sup-1 plies should be released for the use of the public here. In conformity with this policy, therefore, holders of large quan tities of frozen beef, mutton, and lamb are now'wiUing to sell to the retail butchers a^-prices below ttibse ruling for fresji meat. : The: public :Tjvill therefore befpffered "frozen meat- at prices,"ip 6ome cases^as much as a'penrfy per pound cheaper than the fresh. Any prejudice which, the Melbourne public have had against frozeirsupplieg Is expected to berbvercome; otherwise another serious advance in the price of fresh meat is inevit 'tfbie^pr ..supplies are totally inadequate to-Mfe^ppnimmption. Legislation cannot assist in \ipUeving the meat shortage, but. the position is now entirely in the hands of the public. ".If;- .the . present opportunity , is not1 ^ the iJ^dgpsjjNpf:ofrozen meat-fOTfljiimvh no alternravh'buOt'jibislup the lrieaViAway to Europe, it being impossible to bold the stocks indefinitely until the public taste is educated by any slow process. \- ActoVding' to reports which have- ween received, by: the Minister for Agriculture, selfohness is being displayed by,some mill owners in regard to the dornapdifOr im ported wheat.! In these particular instances, though large stocks of Victorian wdieat are held, applications have been made f5r im ported wheat. It is presumed that the . Victorian wheat is being kept back in the expectation that wrhen all the imported . wheat and tli^flour manufactured from it 'is''disposed of higher * prices will bp^com manded for flour made, from Victorian wheat. In the agreement with tflb-Mill bwners'L Association it is provided: that flour manufactured from the Government wheat -shall be sold at a maximumrprice oi* £lf a ton/ No price has bejSa fiked foV flbur made from Victorian 1v|ie&t;, so that if . it became exceptionally s$$e mill; ;owwp who, had supplies would^e able tVdiSermme their own prices: SjjJhe inill -Pivners whb have large iiolflinp^of Vicj . torian vwheat. are • greatly concerned over the aimbuncement that allotm^^ of Go vernment wheat by the seveh steppers that 'are ■ expected to arrive' after Jj® 15 will depepd on what is,ravea}^diby^jie stock; , taking of supplies of wheait and flour which will be feffectediShbrtly^y the^Prices of ;Gobds Board; \ Representations pve beeii made to the Minister for Agri<|g}tiire by tfcfey. will-j' flispoBeio| ^heir Victorian, flour by July 15. Why these1} tKey bad ^aidy 'la^aAupplies' jjrain on hand demands explanation. While M^y warsTi^^>. atp^iin^l^ to-bblain' $uff|aent Wheatfe^ .^i«i^{^iiL|-}^^r^ui' i^S^d also be inquired"intdV", / ' - The New South Wales State Cabinet on June :14appr0yed;of ,tiie appomtment of. Sir. ' Camiciiael^ekJitihister f Or--Public Instruc tion, as a royal commissioner to conduct an inquiry into the general administration of the Yanco irrigation area. He will also in quire into certain vague charges of cor ruption made by some settlers against cer tain officials of the area in connection with a land transaction. Chicago people anticipate a big demand for bacon and pork products from abroad. Fodder is scarce in Denmark, in conse quence of which the Danes have been kil ling off their pigs, so that there have been plentiful supplies of Danish bacon right through the winter. In April the weekly killings had fallen in four weeks from 68,000 .to 34,000. This should encourage Australian breeders, who have feed in the shape of maize, &e.;, to increase their breeding opera tions. Speaking at tlie opening of the Swan Hill Piangil railway, the Premier (Sir Alex ander Peacock) said that the Agricultural department had sent out circulars to all the agricultural societies of the State to ascer tain the response, to the appeal for an in creased • acreage to be sown with wheat. From the returns of 62 societies the present seeding was put at 3,600,000 acres, of which 250,000 acres represented hay. This consti tuted a record for seeding, and with a 12 bushel average would give a yield of 40,000,000 bushels. This wheat is not in the bag yet. The report of the directors of the Gipps lafid Co-operative Society for the half-year ending February 28 last congratulates mem bers on an increase of business. The figures for the half-year were £10,049/15/11, which is a record, The net profit, after allowing £100 for depreciation, is set down at £451 3/10. A dividend at the rate, of 5 per cent per annum on the paid-up capital is recom mended. The report and balance-sheet were adopted at a well-attended meeting of mem fcers last week, and several minor matters were discussed. Messrs. W-. Tanner, G Pentland, and E. Redpath were re-electec on the board. At the annual meeting of the Richmond Tweed branch of the Australian Jersey Herd Society (reports the Sydney "Stock and Station Journal"), a motion was car ried protesting against the method of elec tion to the council, and. requesting that some system of election be adopted that will permit of every member having a vote. It was alleged that the last annual meet ing of the society in Sydney was packed for the purpose of electing certain men on the council, and that the result was that a leading Victorian and a leading Richmond River breeder were dropped. One man elected, it was said, was not a member until the day of the election; and another had only one cow to his name out of 4,000 on the books. It was feared that the so ciety was being turned from one for the ►benefit of breeders into one fqr the benefit of dealers. At its meeting last week, the Albur; Pastures Protection Board discussed th question of the destruction of rabbits b; poison. Dr. Andrews, chairman, said tha unthinking people were advocating the dis continuance of the. destruction of .rabbit through the agency of poison. On account c the present nigh price of meat and th scarcity of stock, it was urged that rabbit would become a staple artiole of diet. Fror his observation,y he thought the averag Australian would' not' eat rabbit, and t talk of discontinuing poisoning was a shorl sighted poliey, wbicli would prove disastrou to the whole of the Commonwealth. I the practice of exterminating rabbits b; poison were forbidden, the position woul again become as acute as in 1890, when th country was practically; eaten out. - It wa the business of the board to be vigilant oi such an important matter. Mr. G. A Bell said there was no doubt that meat wa dear at present, and although the drough was in a great measure responsible, still th position was intensified through the los of herbage caused by rabhits. In previou droughts stock/were removed to whajt'/cpuh be termed but in e^gtea many instancesii^elj^fittry was nowprac tically vahieleisjtbrough the rabbits. The Director qf .AgricyiUure (Dr. ^Came ron), speaking witli'reference to the short age of fodder, says that the indications are -that the jump in prices last week will retard seeding and fallowing operations in the farming districts until imported fodder arrives to relieve the situation. The first cargo is not expected until the 25th of this month. Fodder is fetching prices ryjjngh are unprecedeuteji since the tipre.pf ^l§ol$£ruit&§n': ther early- fifties.One ex planation which lias been offered to account for the shortage of fodder last- week was that the wetweather interfered with chaff ing./. ^Vc^find that t^ome^ of -j/the im ported -fodder to arrive wi!l«be |anded as ^ay.^nl^ ia ^timber'bf people "prefer it Resolved 4o invite lfS^»rom Permmrwno, £that their.plants 18 evidence* in the coimtry. to cbaff-: ISS&w; South Wales; last week Agriculture vtirere and ^ ,iflwies^ible officem also com w iodder, andthej; "^ wowing Ktnian market South Wales will not be able to get its first shipment diflyy^yfip ' ca^6®8 ^M^fT ."25th ;o^ t^^onthMbe ® est ■ jt» fthe 4tst ■ li&ek;/m JtOiV and 'the ^hird: :4uring t^ ^ifet'.roeek in'-'July, >'?••._/ „ .'." l'r Over a month ago. attention was directed in these. columns to the dafiger of introduce ing weed seedfe and diseases into the State with the fodder which'will reach here from America shortly. • A correspondent in The Argus" this week writes strongly on the same point, and asks why the regulations which weie enforced against private mer chants, to make them sterilise all forage im ported during the last scarcity, should not be carried out when the Government are the importefS. The Bradford "Wool Record" acknow ledges the receipt of a sample of wool from a six-tooth rani that has taken twelve cham pion prizes for Mr. George Lannin, of Leeor, Victoria. The weight of the whole fleece was 2741b., and the opinion is ex pressed that the sample was a very good one, showing good super 60's quality, and excellent length. While such sheep aie bred the merino woolgrowing industry of the Commonwealth will always be main tained. Readers will remember that a description of Mr. Lannin's breeding opera tions was given in our columns some months back. South African farmers, though a-good season was experienced, are not in a very prosperous position according to recent advices. Owing to the absence from their farms of both rebels and rebel-hunters, the acreage put in with maize was consider ably less tlian usual. Diseases amongst stock have taken heavy toll throughout the Union; and the whole business of cattk farming is imperilled. - Anthrax "blue tongue," scab, ■ tuberculosis, and "gallam ziekte " are among the plagues, of which the last named is the moat serious. It began in Bechuanaland, where it ruined a lot of farmers, and spread through the high veldt to the coastal districts. The Immigration Bureau, Flinders street, Melbourne, will be glad to hear from far mers or other country employers who may be in need of assistance. A few men and lads are available at the present time" for engagement who have been displaced from previous employment for no other reason than completion of seeding operations or termination of the dairying sea son. They are recent arrivals who have been in the State for some months, and have obtained good experience of Victorian farming conditions. The de mand from the country districts for farm labour is just now rather slack, and it is desired that early inquiries should be made by any farmers who are able to offer em ployment. The address is Immigration Bureau, 555 Flinders street, Melbourne. At the meeting of the Albury Pastures Protection Board last week, Mr. J. Wilks, stock inspector, submitted a report in re gard to tlie conditions affecting the pas toral industry in the Albury district. The pasturage in the northern part of the dis trict, which was favoured by earlier rains than the district generally, had improved beyond the rest of the district, and had now fair picking for sheep, which,; under favourable conditions, could be kept alive. The water supply was good. The conditiop of stock was the worst he had seen. This district, however, was free of disease. With reference to the losses of. stock through drought, it was impossible at present to get anything like a reliably approximate esti mate. All the owners interviewed stated that they would not know the extent of their losses for some time, as stock continue to die,'and would be likely to do so for some time. The week's rain had undoubtedly im proved the outlook, and the prospects for stock. These remarks also applied to lamb ing, but lie was. afraid, when the actual figures were obtainable, -the losses of breed ing ewea would be found to be heavy, and the percentage of Jambs very small. Rabbits had very much decreased. The report and balance-sheet of the West ern District Factories Co-operative Produce Company Ltd.,for the year ending April 30, disclose a net profit of £5,401/0/7. In view of the.drought, this result,is very satisfac tory. The company's business is drawn chiefly from the butter and cheese factories betw.cen Colac and /Port Fairy, and. the 'heavy monetary los^s which farmers in that a'riea sustained through' The decreased pro-, 'Miction of butter||ay;be:i;ealised by a com parison of . the cqtepany's turnover for the past two years, <as>follows: — Consignments ■/ oik-buttcr, clifeSse, &c.;, ill .191,3-14 realised £708,175/16/6; consignments in 1914-15 real ised £537,106/10/1, showing an actual loss to the district farmers through decreased? production .of £171,069/6/5. lu addition, they have had very heavy losses of stock. The directors' report mentions that the out break of the European war caused a slight dislocation* of shipping arrangements, but that eventually all' surplus butter was. ex ■porteSptibd/U^d^ii^dom. The direc tors voted a sum of £126 to the Belgian Re lief Fund. They recommend that the balance of £5,419/2/4, standing to the credit of pro fit and loss, be distributed as follows: — Dividend,%£1,100^#, refund profits made on factor>^requisit^ £610/14/3,; write off box works, machinery, and plant, £2,000; write /off preliminary^expetees box works, £100 10/2 ■ write off preliminary expenses farm .. produce branch, £100/17/5; write off plant, offie'e furmtuVfe at head office and branches, £150; carry, forward, £1,956/44/6. The com mission earned iast year amounted .to £22,882/5/11,. and-.sales from box worlcs realised £8,425/0/3. iStncethe establishment distributing company in ihe J90T5 seMon "theu!tbtal turnover/ has 'bgen 