SOME ROTHSCHILD MYTHS The phenomenal rise of the Rothschilds in the world of finance has given vise to many myths as to the causes of their exceptional position, and the death of Lord Rothschild has revived most of them, notwithstanding the fact that they have been relegated to the. field of 'notion for many years. There is the story how Mayer Amschel, the founder of the firm, gained his reputation for in tegrity Dy Keeping tne goia ana ]eweis 01 his ;patrou, the Landgrave of Messe- Oassel, throughout the Napoleonic wars, and re turning them to him -after the fall of the Cbrsican. Then there is the further legend of- the same founder sending his five sons, the;!'Five Frankfurters,' to the chief capi tals of Europe, so as to secure united .action ' in these centres of finance. There is, fur 'ther, the myth of Nathan Rothschild mak ing a great coup after the Battle of Water lop, of which he is supposed to have received the earliest intelligence, and, keeping it . dark, made huge sums by 'bearing' Con \- sols,- and, other. securities.' All three allega tions are without foundation in fact, a* fiaa been proved by. the circumstances of the case ov,er .and over again ; and yet they will pro bably., be, continued to.be repeated while the firm remains prominent in the - financial r,Take the caseSof the. relations ;oT~Mayei Amschel with the Grand Duke of, Hesse C'assel. He had been engaged by the Grand Duke' to invest his money— main'ly made out to the Hessians sent to quell the American Revolution— chiefly in Danish securities and, in 'consequence, was .appointed court agent in 1801'. After the BaLUe of Jena in 1806 the -Grand Duke -fled, and' doubtless left his financial interests in the hands of his re presentative. But it would have been ex tremely bad business for Mayer Amschel to have retained the, -property of the Grand Duke in actual, coin or bullion when there were so many opportunities for proper in vestments, especially as Frankfurt had been made the- financial centre of the ' anti -Napo- leonic forces, when. Amsterdam came under the power of Napoleon in 1803. Certainly he could not personally ^ have restored the , coin, in the same casks in' which they had been placed, as Marbot alleges in his inter esting, but .not too truthful, memoirs, when the Grand Duke returned in 1814, for Mayer had died in 1812. What had really happen ed was more prosaic but, much more busi nesslike. The money and securities, amount ing to three million of dollars, had been sent to Nathan Rothschild hi London, who utilised them in 1808 to purchase gold from the East India Company for the use of Lord Wellesley in the Peninsular, Campaign, for ? whom he' provided £800, 000;1 making' four profits out of the -process; on the sale of the wold to Wellington, on its repurchase, on for warding, it to Portugal, and on the sale of Wellington's paper. For at 'this 'period the chief activities of the .house were as bullion merchants and not 'in. connection' with the stock exchange at all. Next comes the legend of the 'Five Frankfurters', sent by their far-seeing father to London, Paris, Vienna, and Naples, re taining- only one - son. at.-hoine in- Frankf u rt. This was indeed trie ' f oundaticm of the for tr.i--^ of the hojise, , but, _ unfortunately for the exact form'!'of the' legend, Mayer \Arnsch el died' in 1812', while the firm of Rothschild , ?? Freifes^was not founded iu. P,aris_JbilL ,1_81 7 , and Karl did not go to._Naple's~till~i-82-l . . It is true that Nathan Rothschild had gone to Manchester as early as?1798 and had set tled in London in 1805, /but he himself told the circumstances of his migration to Sir Thomas Buxton, which had nothing to do with any plan of '.establishing banking 'firms in the chief capitals. Mayer Amschel:dealt in Manchester goods, and, being treated badly by the drummer of 'the firm, with which he dealt, sent his soil. Nathan, at a moment's notice, to arrange for better terms. He 'did so by buying the raw materials and the dyes and manufacturing on his own account, thus ' making, a triple profit in addition to the one to which Mayer Amschel had previously been restricted.' Nathan Rothschild thus gained 1, two hundred thousand dollars during v'his stay in Manchester, and, on moving to- Lon- don, njirried Sir Moses Montefiore's sister in-law and, by this means, came in relation a with the heads of the Scphardic community, many of whom were bullion brokers. It was' Nathan who arranged for his youngest .bro ther James, going to Paris in 1813', the year after their father's death, in order td -pur- - chase gold for the use of Wellington's army, then march on towards France. 'I£ auy-_one is to be credited with the plan of the simul taneous establisnment of branch firms in^the chief capitals of Europe, it is Nathan Rfottis- . child, the third son, who was clearly' the ;' financial genius of the family. ' As regards Nathan Rothschild founding his foundations by concealing the news of the Battle of Waterloo, this again is a legend which the facts of the case prove to be made out of whole cloth. The defeat of the Old Guard and the advance of the life- .guards, before which the issue of the Battle of Waterloo could not be determined, took place at 8 p.m., Sunday, June 18, 1815. A courier, starting at that time for Ostend, the nearest port, would have to cross the channel to Folkestone and ride on to Lon don, which he could not reach, at earliest, on the night of Monday, the 19lh of June, long after the Stock Exchange was closed. Next morning, Tuesday, the 20th instant, the Times and other London newspapers an nounced the great victoi-y,- and there was ob viously no opportunity for any manipula tion for the Stock Exchange on the part of ; Nathan Rothschild. What he had done was . much more patriotic and reasoiiable ; it is true that his courier reached London first, though only a few hours in advance of Wel lington's own messenger, but the news was immediately sent by - Rothschild to Lord Castlereagh, the foreign minister of the time, and the immense anxiety of England was at once relieved on the night of the 19th. Quite ajDart from these facts, Nathan Rohschild was, at this time, not a speculator on the Stock Exchange at all, but a bullion broker whose concern with the success or otherwise of Wellington, was with regard to the need of cash payments by the troops, ac cording to the Duke's well-known practice. Rothschild was sending him a million pounds each month before Waterloo. It was during the period of 1815-18 that the Rothschilds began their loan operations, chiefly by bearing the loans issued by Ouv rard and Baring, for the French and Eng ' lish Governments, who were thus ultimately forced to admit the Rothschilds into the favored ring which, in those days, had the monopoly of issuing loans. But all this was long subsequent to the Battle of Waterloo, at which time the Rothschilds were still mainly bullion brokers. Thus in all three instances, the facts of the. case are against the mythical accounts of the origin of the great wealth of the Roths childs, but are much more interesting as showing the real basis on which their pro gess was founded. It is characteristic that, in each instance, the hero of the tale is not Mayer Amschel but Nathan Rothschild, the grandfather of the late Lord Rothschild,- for whom he was -named. — The American He- . brew. ? A writer in the 'Evening Post,' New York, who claims to' be a Pole of Jewish descent, bra rigs forward an ingenious defence, or excuse,' of the recent anti-Jewish attitude displayed by the Poles. According to this writer, this antipathy' is not directed so much against Polish Jews themselves, who were regarded by. the Poles' as men and bre thren, as against the Riissian Jews, wh© have poured into Poland of recent years and threaten to 'Rusaianise' Poland against all the national aspirations of its long-suffering inhabitants. Considering that ninety-nine per cent, of the immigrants speak Yiddish, not Russian, and- that their connection with ''Real Russians' is far from friendly, this explanation, however ingenious, fails to ex plain. There is besides distinct evidence that the boycott in Poland is against Jews in general, instead of against Jewish immi grants from Russia into Poland. Unfor tunately, -the wolf has always got any num ber of excuses for behaving like a wolf to the lamb. — American Hebrew 