Prattle About People. Sir George Reid has been at it again: ''I wou|Id r-go intoi the trenches to- morrow—if tney. had any to fit me." Mr. Orchard, M.H.'R., is riot nervous in, the limelight. He is a centre of . attraction Wt now because of his position in relation to the Liverpool Camp inquiry, and he smiles with • the self- possessed satisfaction of the man who has the stage. For Mr.' Orchard ~ is not only a (politician and a watchmaker—he is an actor. There have been times when every oth^r afliiaV,ur in his suburb has gnashed his teeth as Dick Orchard carried off all the laurels, and the girls proclaimed in an exasperating chorus that he was "perfectly lovely." But there is no need to run away with the idea that -Mr. Orchard's Liverpool Camp charges were all limelight and Posturing. Read the evidence. The men in camp are not sure whether the world will re member Orchard or Napoleon the longer. Th(3 appointment of tour women av .'-ustices of the Peace in South Australia may have a re vivifying influence on the movement' to- the same end that has been allowed! to lie dor mant in Victoria for some time. Sci far the representations that have been malde for women magistrates in this State- have been taken about as seriously as the plea for lady politicians. But this is a revolutionary age, and it looks as though S.A. is blazing the track. Miss C. E. Dixon, who is probably the leader of the Adelaide quartette of lay lawyers, is a reso lute sort of person, • well known in Melbourne by reason of her prominence in Y.Wi.C.A. matters;, a voluntary investigator of wrong, and a mar vellous guardian of unbefriended immigrant girls. As a feminist'leader of the "no surrad der" order she has long been in the forefront of the fight for the system of women justices. That she has not only secured the system, but has become part of • it herself, shows a force of character that leaves us waiting for the next development. A fine type of the real orthodox naval man was Captain Williaim' Henry% Panter, R.N., who unexpectedly set out on his last long passage a few "days ago. at Malvern. As a .midshipman Panter entered the • Royal Navy in an era of. discipline of'the super-rigid order, and the at mosphere of that early environment dung, to his character , right , throughout after life. As a Justice of the Peace he sat on the Prahran Bench for many years, his attitude and deci sions being typical of the quarter deck—rigidly just, if not generous. Under the apparently cold exterior, however, there beat the heart , of an amiable, broad-minded friend of the down trodden—a man whose ideals were set far above the mercenary goal. His service oin the Raleigh in Ch|ina waters brought him into prominence, and was rewarded with promotion, so that when the Victorian Government deputed) him to bring the Cerberus out from England, his re futation in Britain's most important arm of defence had) been conspicuously established. It was on the first day of the present month, when, at the office of the Board of Marine In quiry—as a skilled member of which he had just been sworn in—he was discussing the posi tion of the British Fieeii m the North Sea, he said: "I never felt so anxious to clear decks as I do to-day." Bendigo lost in two successive days last week two of its most picturesque figures in Isaac E. Dyason and H. L. Atkinson.. Both will pan out big probate cheques. "I.E.," as the late Mr. Dyason was called, was a quaint, quiet figure, always in a white suit through Bjendigo's long summer, whose inscrutable face never be trayed his thoughts, whether irreverent small . boys were calling him "ice-cream." For many years manager for Millionaire Lansell, he left that position to be himself a director of gold mines. Dr. Atkinson went boldly into land and sheep in the early days, coined money at his meidical practice for awhile, and) finallv settled down as a sheep king. He was noted for his habit of getting married. He had had five wives. His sons went to school in London, and tried on their return to teach Bendigo to play soccer. Bendigo jeered loudly. Both Dyason and Atkinson were eighty-three years of age. "What is Mrs. Senator Fearce ?" The Minis ter off Defence has been much harried by this question, and it remains unsettled. It's a great pity the Senator thought it worth while/ to drag the miserable insinuation before the pub lic. They spring, of; course, from the, poisonous party ' vindictive®ess which the Government xfc sel, is determined to keep alive. While the party game is being played for all it is worth there will always be- those on both aides . reajcly to use any dirty , weapon to inflict a wound' upon the opposing crowd. Lord Ldreburn promises European bankruptcy as a result of this war. The German bankers assure the Kaiser that if the war goes beyond the summer Germany mil be down on her nn aneial knucklebones. ... "It will end in October," Wdlhelm replied. Wilhelm began it easily ; he seems to think he can end it just as promptly. But another winter campaign is inevitable, and may prove a frost for the Kaiser. Certainly,• it will give the German capitalists cold feet. Professor ITaberiandt's invention far turning sawdust into an edi'ble and nourishing article of diet has failed. The effort to fatten- German soldiers on the new Haberlandt duet was dis astrous. Although the men ate a deal, tney were seen to pine away. Professor Haberlandt's argument was convincing, top: "Haff ve not stuffed dolls mit sawdust for years and years, undi don|d dey ged fat oa it ?" The llrennan said to Willie: Watt'. "Let's'go together, and be aaot." ' Villie " ' Said Willie Watt to Brennan : "Pooh ! No, I'll beshot, sir, if I do !" H. ,V. M'Kay, of "the Sunaiine Harvester, is greatly concerned in .the. business of manuifac tiiring munitions of war, and the Czar offers him an order for a million shells as a start. It is apparently something of' a wrench for a man who has been a big harvester., of life to De come of a sudden a harvester ofvxdeath ; but heeds must when the German devil drives, and ■ we are looking forward to a new harvestex fromi the; Supshine Wonksh-a harvester -that will go through the German ranks as the Sunshine macbirie goes through the standing corn. H. V. iM'Kay might , stamp this motto on the machines he hopes to manufacture for the Russian War Office: "What will the harvest be?" The "Evening Telegram," "New -York, sum ming up the 'Kaiser, says he not only wants « way to the sea—he wants iill, the seas. H? does not merely want a place in the sun-—he wants the whole m, that ..he- may peddle its rays to non- Teutonic hepnaiuity : The Kaiser sat upon his throne, His wants enumerating. Said he : "The --things I dp not own Will take a lot of stating. I do not own such things as these : The force of gravitation, The harvest moon,, the summer breeze ; And all the seas -I'vie yet toi seize : To glorify my nation. "I do not yet possess the sun, I can't command a shower. " The dew it falls on everyone, To stay it T've no power. I can't direct the lightning's flash ; The thunderbolt to please me Will-not avert its final dash. If I ruled all non -German trash, It wouldn't quite appease me. ''I .-want the great Jehovah's-. place, " . ' The universe to play with. Then those who did not win my .'grace; , / I'd quickly do away with. I want the earth beneath my rod. Than I no Power is wiser, Arid to mv mind, 'tis very odd That one designed to be a god Shouldi only be a Kaiser!" The Kaiser, it is said, cofild stop :the/War if ' he would;, but Thomas Edison, of U.S./A., is really the dominating person. - As Emperor; of -•the Dynamos,, he is thq man who can stop the war. Rut he won't, because ha is-;-, a man with • a tender heart. As an electrician, he avers he -could work out a means of destruction \- beside which rifle and artillery fire wculd -he • trivial; but he can't da it, because he wants to add to life, not to detract from it. But he 'adds : "If the United States gets into the War, and my country is.'attacked, I shall certainly help ta make it-worse for the enemy." Evi dently,- Mr.'Edison's tumanitarianism is strict-' ly American—it is for home consumption ofaly. What an opportunity to miss! By giving: the Kaiser a galvanic shock Edison coiild end the war; and he won't because:he respects human life. -The man who really rt>spe6b'et||.human life should) see that his diutv is to down the arch destroyer of liffr—one Bill Kaiser. Persons and papers in Australia are continu ally abusing the late William Gladstone lor handing Heligoland! over to the Germans. Really,, Gladjstone had practically nothing to do with the transfer, Lord Salisbury being the responsible party—if blam'e can he attached di rectly to individuals. The real mistake was not in giving Heligoland away to its present owners, but in taking it from its original own ers. If England had never seized the is land -it would - have remained-in the possession of the Danes; but in a foolish moment she took a barren rock that was useless to herself, aud then, in the hope otf making the best of a b-au bargain, traded it off to Germany for African concessions. As she now holds all Germany's African property, that deal was vain. The wisa-: thing, as it tugns out, would have been to havd given Heligoland back to the Danish people. Anyhow, it is rather unfair to abuse poor Glad stone or anyone else, far the only sane British action in connection with this miserable rocfc the being rid of it. W. Maloney, M.H.R., "The Little Doctor," is perhaps 5ft. high, but he is a tall talker. At one recent suburban recruiting meeting ne said that for . the time being the 6th Command ment was ultra viris "Thou shalt nab kill !" is translated by Dr. Mal-oney into c '"Kill, kill, kill, and go on killing !" Furthermore, the fire-eating M.H.R., the pocket Napateon, said that the man who objected -to killing might at least volunteer to be a corpse. There is no age-Jimit for this office—a man of any years and. any size might serve as a dead body on the field of battle—and Mr. Breniian m'av sav that, going strictly on his own argument, Dr. W. Maloney,. M.H.R., is failing'in his duty. If he doesn't look oi!(t, he'll have Brother Brenmian challenging him in these memorable words : "I'll go anid he a corpse if vou will !" Ais for the suspension of the 6th Commandment, that happened long ago ; and if we can't keep the Germ'an from killing us, excepting hv the primi tive alternative of killing him,' of course the Allied killers must be kept hard at it. Hindenberg andi: the Kaiser were said not tcj be playing speaks. This is sai'd to be because of the general's Assertion that . as Germany couli not hope for success, it was vain to go on destroying life. The other: dav Kaiser Wil liam was sayingl: "I and my people-' are one." To-day he is disgusted when advised not tc» sacrifice German lives fruitlessly : "I and my folk: are one," said he, "But when it comes to dying, we Will very sensibly agree To go for a divorce decree." Miss Louise Mack, war lecturess, is the latest person to make herself responsible for the yarn that George Reid told an American that •K.C.M:G. meant "Keep Calling Me George h" George has heard Australia calling him fami liarly by his front name for a great many. years, but he cannot like the way in which it is be ing called to hiim across the sea just now. If he were a popular singer his. song for the mo ment would be, "I hear you recalling me." The Sydney papers have been advocating that Same-OhHGeorge •• be granted >a pension. Will the Commonwealth Government bite at that apple? Harry Thaw, an American of some notoriety, has now been pronounced sane, and is liberated pending the continuance otf his trial for that point, His wife, Evelyn, now an actress, says that she will go in fear of her life. It really looks as if Mr. Thaw had been released at the earnest request of his wife's press agent. The whole of that lurid Thaw-White tragedy nas served the purpose of booming Evelyn ofi the American stagtej which will swallonv anything so long as it. is sensational^ enough. Said Watt, "You'll see me wave my pennon If I: can join the ranks witii Brennan." Said Brennan, "TurkeyH go to pot The day-that I enlist with Watt." Meantime, -upon his native heather, The .Turk fought on, and cared for neither. If the dictatofiiip of England were leftiinrhe hands Vthe. ancient Socialist, Rotbert - Blahch ford there wciild be no coal strikes in Warns. The coal .would be dug by military service, and military compulsiota would order the general organisation of the United Kingdom until the war was over. Blatohford continues in jEjnglanxl his fervent crusade for the smashing -of Ger many—the worse enemy democracy ever- knew. .The splendid old Blatchford is, by the way, one .of the most enthusiastic admirers-England contains for our own- Will Dyson, a man now on the i pinnacle of fame. Australians are surprised reading that alter what is described as an unconditional surrender to Botha, German officers in Africa are to be permitted to go* on parole, . and retain their -arms. The rank and file retain their arms, too, but Will be deprived of ammunition. This looks like- carrying magnanimity to that point at which -it ceases to he a virtue, and becomes a folly. Consideration for the feelings of a betaten enemy is one thing; leaving that enemy in a positiojn. : in wh)ich it will 'be comparatively easy -for h'.m'rto become a public nuisance: again ah an early . date is ridiculous weakness. If the Germhns had shown theanSelv.es to be ho)aor»rable foes, who have respect for parole or any plight ed word, generosity woiuild he the right thing ; but bhe incidents of this war prove that the man -who wouild take the oath of a. German would trust .a fox in a pen otf spring chickens. Herbert M'Coy, the lightweight ch? lion, boxer, who can't "go for a soldier"-because he has full sets of false teeth, is the moist perfectly proportioned athlete in Australia, a clean liver,, and a man absolutely gleaming with , brilliant health, When he has a championship : fight he takes out his teeth before he enters the ring. Be- leaves them in his dressingroom'. That's the trouble. Ih^.Gallipoli there is 110 sfrower hath and riih - down; provided after the fight, and you can't go back and find your false- teeth where : you -left them. Sydney is apparently in a state of subdued elation because the number-of- barristers who have left the Harbour City for the ' front now -number "twelve. Such news as that is some what |at a discount in Melbourne,, seeing that up to a few. - days ago Chancery Lane and Seaborne Chambers alone had sent no fewer than thirty two brief merchants into the fighting zone, headed by : that'.hullet-iproo.f optimist, J. vV. M'Cay. The .legal soldiers are mostly of the junior 'bar—fine ..types of -yoiijng athletes like Murdoch Mackay : and- his . University contempo raries. 'Young Jack Toveil; gent one, remarked before, leaving Melbourne-' last year , that the Victorians were sure of any amount of cheap law. "It ought to be good law, too," he sai'd, "because it hasn't long been bought. Most of the -lawyers. going soldiering have just got through." By-the- iw'ay, Jack says the most mis .erahle day .he, ever. puit in was one .SUnday in Egypt when there was no reading matter in the camp, and the only book he had was a copy of the "Law of Torts," which he had brought with him from Melbourne in mistake for the Bible. Lieutenant- Warneford, the gallant airman who destroyed a huge new. Zeppeliin near 'Ghent in- Bel gium, received a V.C. for- -his splendiid feat, but the poor fellow coujld not.,live to receive what, if consciousness remains ' with ' the spirit that has passed, he would regard as a higher honour, a greater distinction. Berlin rejoiced on hear ing of Warneford's death ! The -reason of the rejoicing is given in the words of a Pmssian officer : "We \vjould sooner have lost an army battalion than that airship." The aircraft was the biggest thing of the kind Germany had- con structed—it represented an enormous, sum, mil lions of marks (marks 'of distinction for Warne-. ford), and the high hope of Potsdam. -In a few minutes -the British, aeronaut sent it crash ing to the ground—a ..blazing ruin. Warneford was killed in France^ soon after wiien merely experimenting- with a machine, and Berlin, re joiced -'at ' the news with exceeding great joy That would make a. _good line for Warnefoid's monument' "Our Enemy Rejoiced when he Died !" The motto of iihe Prince of "Vales is a vei appropriate one for every man in the Britis community to adopt. It is, "I serve.." The: is not an individual capable of service withi Greater Britain who should not set that in tt front of his hat. But it has been noticed th£ the Prince of Wales has put his m'otto out * sight. The reason is obvious. On his crest tl good words are put in bad language—German— "Icli, Dien." " : : ' Whether the Prime Minister will go to Lon don as High Commissioner is still an absorb ing topic in Federal lobbies. Nothing is decided, - ana nothing wiir be decided by those most con cerned. If the war is comfortably won by the end of the year, Mr. Fisher may think his main work-.over,. and "go to Sir -George Raid's chair.. If the war is so far from being Comfortably: over as to require most extreme and drastic measures in ^army-raising in /Australia, -Honour-. able Andrew may decide' that thie / special effort shclild not bo led by* a tired man with an in herent objection to conscription. He may nomi nate _the national leader most fitted for the stu pendous task', and pack his bags. In any case the certainty that the'new High Commissioner must do a. large, amount of diplomatic work ;makes the choice difficult. ir \- The British Admiralty has a drastic way of expressing . disappointment. It was not . pleased with the way the - Invincible supported the: flag ship Lion in the North Sea fight, " so it promptly relieved Rear-Admiral Moore of . his command: This led to an old friend And ;S3g vant of "Australia being ^temporarily second . in command - to Admiral Reatty ; in the battle cruiser squadron, : but the eaejerly-desired fight wiTi the Van Der Tann and har consorts did not occur while he was waiting. Discussion in • Londeth as ^ to whether . Aigents General for the States are .really neaded. J. F. Hogan answers the .question emphatically :in the negative. His idea is one building and one High Commissioner for the whole of Australia with a section or department for each State in. that building, presided over by a chief clerk drawn from that particular State. That would certainly conduce -to economy and centralised efficiency. The- A.G's are now scattered all pv.er -London, each running his own little show, and constantly trying to wriggle himself into the.. limelight. "Tommy Brown'' lias made Australia famous —neatly as famous in England .as-has WilP Dy son. London 'is a capriekcs Mistress who ^de lights in being startled. Dvson's brilliant ' 'Khltur Cartoons"" have brcwght him her over whelming favours. His father held a revolu tionary rifle at Euraka. The paternal hatred of . the oppressor lives again in his son's work. His cutting pencil lays bare the sonlle'ss body of Military Despotism. For three years Dyson I'l'iistnated an obscure Labour /."daily," whose struggle for existence was a daily relish ' of Fleet-street. ' The war broke the paper, but re vealed Dyson. It might almost be said that''he woke in the middle of the night to find himseljf among the immortals. To-dav .-''.London regards him as the most famous of living Australians. "Colonel-Commander'' 'Pethebridge has favour ed Melbourne with a dash in from. Rabaul and a hardly less meteoric dash out to that .island of bliss. At the present tim©-freedom from'.the worries of Victoria Barracks must seem like heaven to the popular administrator. Pethe bridge seems marked out for high office- after the, war, when Australia succeeds to tier argo: sies in the South. Pacific. Else surely he could not be spared from, the nerve' centre at such a time as this ! ' By-the-way, Pethebridge is no torious in the'service in that he holds rank us Commander in the Navy and Colonel in the' Army. As Rioling has it—" 'E'is a kind of ( a. giddy "harumfrodiibe—soldier an' sailor, tct:| !"•' Ministers' Duncfieon Room at Federal. Parlia ment House has entertained many high person ages. Its gloomy interior.has frowned on Ian Hamilton, the hero of the . Dardanelles. But it' never enclosed such evidences of solid| wealth as it didi last week when Andrew Fisher entertain ed Australian banking magnates, after discus sion of his twenty milliqns war loan proposi tion. One hundredi and seventy millions of as sets reposed under his mahogany. Thirty mil lions of paid-up capital layabout in handy posi tion, while som'e fourteen or fifteen millions of reserves antfi a hundred and fifty million ster ling of deposits formed subject. for light conv er sation. Few people are aware how efficacious the Bohemian atmosphere of the luncheon table is in. the solution of knotty problems. Prime Minister Fisher learnt much in London ; -not least the art of .effective entertainment. .Mr. Jensen is a happy man. He has attained full Cabinet rank, and rejoices in the title of Minister for the Navy, with the accompanying emoluments of a full-blown Minister of State. /Eix-Minister Millen is far froim satisfied (with the arrangement. He considers that little or- no relief :will be given the utterly-weariedi Senator Pearce, since Mr. Jensen has had virtually charge of the Navy ever since the "changing of the guard" last September. Yet it is dpae to the new Minister, to afford him an opportunity of making good. The genial, burly Dane has already acquired something of the Naval "torch," and bis gait has more in it than a suggestion of the quarter - deck.- In uniform he should impress even the Caucus. First - impressions are favourable of the new! Min ister's Parliamentary appearance. He inevitably drew a perfect hail of questions. The appearance of a 'brand-new target was too tempting a qharry. to he ignored. But his ready and defi nite answers to military as well as naval ques tions betokened the burning of much midnight"., cull at St. Kilda-road, as well as at Lonsdale street. The Little Englander is still with us, it seems. The week - end cables mention that the member for Coventry—a sinister constituency in its very name—startled the House of Commons by suggesting that negotiations- be opened with Berlin- for peace. True, he was rewarded with a cutting rebuke from Asquith and with the with drawal of his constituents' support. : But he speafe-s for a persistent, if inconsiderable, section of thought in the Old Country. Do such people ever realise that London, though it be its chief glory, is not the Empire ?; Do 'they know that the Oversea Dominions will never consent to any peace but that brought about by the abso lute downfall' of the German-idea of world domi nation ? Sir George Reid spoke up for Aus tralia the other day in words that will he re-: echoed ' throughout the Commonwealth. "I ami! still a lover of peace," fie said, "but I swear that the only peace society I will join now is one hound by a solemn oath to give the peace breaker sucfi a lesson that it will enidure to the third and fourth generation of those who repay chivalry with murder." The War Census is responsible for the most ridiiculous rumours. Respectable citizens are met who vibrate between fear .of the press-gang and the summary sei^ire of their Lares and Penates. Federal Caucus has determined that the National Register is to; become perennial Now that the famous German organisation is exhibited lor so much admiration, the experi ence of an Australian lady who took up her abode in the Fatherland just, before the war is of interest. Scion after her arrival tin Berlin she was visited by the police, who entered the house and dem'anded to know, the extent of her worldly, possessions. This third degree inquisi tion rather ruffled the visitor, who apipealed to the head of the house. He, however, could only throw up his hands helplessly. "It was the law,", it seemed, and it was "der Tag"—the day when Berlin's citizens rendered unto the modern Caesar, the things that were William's. Nothing so inqi'iisotorial is sought by the Common wealth Government. But it :has decided that if it is. to meet the Hun on his own ground it must fight him with his favourite weapon of organisation. The passing of the War Census Bill through the Hcuse of Representatives marks a Labour triumph fctr Andrew Fisher and W«. M. Hughes, whose dominance of the Ministerial Party is well-nigh complete. . "Many are called and few offer themselves" might be an adaptation of an old adage in re ference to the i war. "The Lane," yclept of soft goods merchants, has given freely of its tpugh human material to the Australian divisions. Enthusiasm ran high last week when a promi nent "Lane" magnate, who is the head of a great business extending all over the continent, volunteered for active service at the front. This gentleman is well known and admired in social and' business , circles in the city. He is no stranger toi the thunder of the guns. The veldt brought him the South AMcan War medal and a legacy of a crippled arm. His brother is al~ ready "somewhere in France" with the Royal Worcesters. We may not have been a military nation, but each passing day brings fresh evi dence that the nation of shopkeepers has not lost its courage. The Australian Army is, in its composition, the most wonderful- that has ever "entered the lists of the Great Game. The rafters have rung on many valedictory occasion? at the rooms of the Royal Agrieul tugal Society, hut rarely has- so hearty a fare well been given a member as was extended the other day to Mr. A. E. T. Payne, whose hand Was gripped with the. grasp of true sincerity, and with- the inner meaning of A'uld Lang Syne. As' a. stock breeder actuated with the love of that holbby in its scientific aspect, this member ' off; a virile family has proved- his value as a counsellor of the . Royal by practical actions rather than by galiery-courting phrases. As an enthusiastic veterinarian he has had a longing, ever since the war commenced, to become en gaged in that branch of the anmy service that ministers' tci the sick and injured eauine forces. In; leaving for England he will gratify that de sire no d or fit in France, and as a veterinary officer he will.be well and valluably nlaced. This sturdy Australian .supplies but another instance of ; our active men of means mating loyal sacri fices that are real in every sense that we un derstand them. Mr. George Buller is at present 'busy helping the recruiting movement along, and for the Past couple of weeks has put rin twelve hours a day assisting Mr. D. Barry, the organiser, by supervising the examination room at the Mel bourne Town Hall, where thousands have been trying to pass for the front-.' The d)3ath of Bendigo's Dr. Atkinson; 'will leave that city bereft of the. greatest identity it ever had. For a stranger to come awav from Ouartz opolis without having "seen the Doctor" has for years been as unacceptable an omission as- leaving Paris without seeing the Louvre. It was not the personality of the medicine man that was famous, for he Was far from being a lion of soolety, but the multifarious character of: his. interests was a compelling influence in mutual contact. Although the second largest landowner in Victoria, and a mining speculator of great wealth, the frugality of his habits was remarkable. • On his "eightieth birthday three years ago he made twenty-two calls on patients in all quarters of the scattered city, the whole of . the visits being paid on foot. • Not so long ago a friend advised fiim to keep a horse and take regi'dar driving exercise. To which the leviathan mining investor and successful station owner replied : "Tut, .tut! the price of horse feed is outrageous!" The bluff cild doctor leaves 'several records behind him, but the most interesting of them all is probably that of his five marriages, which have kept Bendigo's wed ding hells periodically ringing for fifty years or more. With the Watb-Brennan kettle almost boiled to emptiness, Mr. Fihlayson (Q.) and Mr, Pigt gott (N.S.-W.):—pgain a Labour-Liberal couple— thought it apparently a good time to stare a recruiting wrangle on the I-will-if. you,-will lines. Mr. Finlayson is a very earnest, solemn man, and he's up against anything in the shape of; legislation that might be assumed to carry the faintest suggestion of conscription. It was while he was on that note that Mr. Piggott chipped in with his I-will-if-etc. Here seems to be,a pleasant and fairly novel mode of poli tical controversy. People are tired of hearing Mr. Hughes declare- that Mr.. Cook does not know what a niver-class destroyer is. Which of them will reach GaIlipoli first ? That's a bet ter argument- But the woirst of it is that some silly chap may insist on going, and so spoil .the whole thing. ' Whatever is up-tojdate, in war. or peace, it is a fairly safe business risk to take by betting that you will, find Hugh Victoir M'Kay nosing roi'fnd it- When an order for the manufactuire of shells, slipped into his pocket in England he took it across to America, and said : "Hctw do you make shells ? Let me see yofi doing it, and voui can have this order." Now Russia is after him with an ofrder for a hundred times as many shells. He thinks it will necessitate some slight alteration in his business, but men who know liim are backing him to be , along With the goods. If politicians in Australia could ever look beyond their own ranks. mnny worse things could haplpen to Australia than the appointment of H. V. M. as Minister for Mun itions. , . „ , !ia j ,1 iJJJ 