The Week at a Glance. LOCAL AND GENERAL. THURSDAY, September 28. A terrific explosion occurred yesterday in the hold of the steamer Wairuna, which was lying in Darling Harbour, Sydney, and six men were killed and $aree others seriously injured. Owing to a shortage of 200,000,0001b. of wool which is confronting the American clothing manufacturers, dealers predict Unprecedented increases in prices. A serious outbreak of cholera is raging in the Philippine Islands, several hundred cases having been reported every week for some time past. The death is announced of Sir Thomas Bees Price, Commissioner for Bouth African Railways. Constable George J. Duncan, stationed at Tottenham, about 60 miles from Trangie, N.S.W., -was shot dead on Tues day night by some unknown person. In Queensland on Tcesday 88 men volun teered for active service, H coming from Brisbane. In New South Wales on Wednesday 110 Bcren offered for active service and 71 were accepted. In Brisbane on Wednesday 43 vol unteers were accepted and 24 deferred. FRIDAY, September 29. ■The Prime Minister, in reply to a de putation representing the butter industry yesterday, said that, provided assurances wera^given to-day .that during the com ing export season there would be enough baiter to meet Australian requirements at prices equal to London parity, he would lift the embargo on export. In the Senate yesterday the Solicitor- General BUI was put through all stages. In the House of Representatives yestev- Say the Government's taxation proposals wore discussed, on the .second reading stage- of the Supply (Works and Build ings) Bill. The Admission to Entertain iMttts Tax Bill was introduced. The flood in Victoria broke across the hanks of the lower Goulbum on Thurs day and is filling up over 100 square Biles of low country. The first batch of returned soldiers has -■ Itft Brisbane for Beerburrum to com mence work in connection with the settle sent of soldiers at that place. A motor car owned by Fred O'Brien. net with an accident near Charieville. The ear capsized, caught fire, and was •atopciy destroyed. All the passengers received slight abrasiona. The 222 nd and 223 rd Casualty lists were issued on Thursday morning and con tained 1837 fresh names, including 331 Queamlanders. In Queensland on Wednesday 61 men Sr*re secured for the AJJ 1. In Brisbane on Thursday 54 volunteers . were accepted and 23 deferred. In New South Wafes on Thursday 129 men volunteered and 85 were accepted. In Victoria on Thursday 188 men vol unteered and 86 were accepted. In Victoria on Wednesday 176 men volunteered and 97 were accepted. SATURDAY, September 30. • The 224 th and 2Wth lists of Australian feasmaftieq, issued last evening, contained tflW fresh names. The revenue of the United Kingdom for the past quarter amounted to £51,23?,901 «. «_ * The Yelcho, wrrying Sir ErnC?t Chaekleton, has arrived at Santiago. The town was decked with, flags, and Sir Ernest Bbackleton received an ovation. The State school at Mocatta's Corner and its contents were destroyed by fire, \- on Thursday night. The origin of the fire is unknown. The death of Sir Charles Cayxer, head " of the firm of Cayzer, Irvine, and Co., Ltd., steamship owners, is announced. The body of F. Nevin, who has been i?ssrHg from his home at Sarina for the past fortnight, was found on Wednesday jn a canefield. Beside the body was a six-chambered revolver. «....,. At the Consistory on November 27th it to expected the Pope will create six car iinahk In Queensland on Thursday 91 men vol unteered for active service, 54 coming from Brisbane. ___ . The total number of recruits secured in Queensland «o far this month is 1559. MONDAY, October 2. Mr. Andrew Fisher (High Commis sioner for Australia) has returned from a visit to the Australians, in France. The Danish Parliament has approved of the sale of the Danish West Indies to the United State*. . Owing to the great increase in value of title original stock of the Standard Oil Company, Mr. J. D. Rockefeller's holding increased by more than £1,600,000 in one day. There are now only 530 undergraduates at Cambridge University, aa compared with 3263 in the May term of 1914. Over 18,500 Cambridge men have joined the forces. The Daylight Saving Act came into operation in Tasmania on Saturday, and it is likely to work without a hitch. The ' only comment heard everywhere was one , of appreciation. On Saturday morning a fire was dis covered in Messrs. Beard, Watson, Ltd/s furniture emporium, in George street, , . Sydney, and damage . estimated at £36, -000 was done. In Queensland on Friday 67 men volun teered for active service,, 48 coming from Brisbane. In New Booth Wales on Saturday 160 men volunteered, And SO were accepted. la Victoria on Saturday 317 men tol tmteered, and 112 were accepted, while on Sunday 431 volunteered* and 218 !were accepted. TUESDAY, October 3. The Queensland revemie for the quarter ended September exceeded the ex penditure by £128,1H, compared with a surplus of £368,064 at the corresponding stage of the last financial year. Mr. Hughe* (Prime Minister) arrived in Brisbane on Monday night. Mr. Adamson (Minister for Railways) has resigned his seat in the Cabinet. At a meeting of the University Coun cil on Monday Dr. Georgma Sweet, of Brisbane, was appointed Acting Pro fessor oi Biology at the Melbourne Uni versity. The German Legation has informed the Ministry for Marine that German sab marines will sink all Greek ships found in the service of the Allies or the revolu tionaries. A Townsville vamnan named Charles Largen fell from the front of bis vebiele whiM going over a rut in the road and broke his neck. In Brisbane on Monday 50 volunteers" were accepted; and 33 were deferred. In Victoria, on Monday 200 men volun teered for active service, and 122 were accepted. fifty-seven wovnded soldiers returned to Brisbane by. mail train on Monday night, WEDNESDAY, October 4. A fire occurred late on Monday night in Grace Bros/ furniture repository, Forest Lodge, Sydney, and the loss is estimated at £30,000. The Prime Minister; on being seen on Tuesday in reference to the alleged importation of {Maltese under contract, said that he was having most careful Inquiry made into the matter. Bo tar th* Minister for External Affairs had not bean able to obtain any evidence whatever to sop port a prosecution under the Act. "B«t," went on the Prime Minister, "whether there has been a violation of any of the provisioms oi the Contract Immigrants Act or not, the Government during this war does sot intead to permit any im portation of labour which amounts to a violation of the spirit of the Act, and it has decided to take such steps as are necessary to prevent any further intro duction ol any kind of cheap labour. Tlie death is announced of Mr. Ben jamin Kidd, author of "Social Evolu tion" and other works on Sociology, aged (8 years. An elderly inmate of Sandy .Gallop Asylum escaped from the Institntioa on Monday evenis*. The Legislature of Jamaica lias uoaai aurasly paassd a resolution-not to per mit aliea enemies' to conduct btisiiess in Jamaica for orsr 30 ysaxs after the war. It was m««"?* by the Minister for Defeat* that the first draft of men for munitio? work ia TBagiaaH. who left Aus tralia recently, consisted of T7 men. ■ The exports from the port ol New York for the moatn *of September amounted to £2,009.090 daily. Half the exports were munitions. Tnirty-six volmteers were acesptsS la Brisbane cm Tuesday, ana 11 were de ferred. U Nsw Soutl Waist on Tuesday 191 ■mb vobnteersd, and 1M ware accepted? In Victoria on Tuesday 196 mca of fered th twelves for active service, and] 11C were accepted. 