Peopling Australia. Speaking at a Liberal conference In Bydney, Joseph Cook delivered himself of some of the usual old platitudes, but at this particular crisis in Australia's affairs and the world's history his observations on the problem of the peopling of this' country are worthy of attention. "I want to nrge upon you," he said, "the absolute necessity of at once filling up the country with a virile and capable people, and seeking, in this way, to make the country rich and -great by multiplying the number of Individuals who are well-to- do and comfortably off. The cry of more people for Australia ought to be kept right in the forefront of any Liberal programme, because that, in the last resort, will de- , termine the destiny of Australia." Unfortunately, as a contemporary points out, Joseph's political philosophy, words, and deeds do not square with this admirable Ideal Neither, for that matter, do the sayings and doings of the Labor Party at this pregnant period. From our point of view, there's a blue lookout for Australia as regards the growth of population in the future. Said growth has been mighty slow- in the past, and we can't see any signs or a hustle in that respect in the immediate years ahead. Rather do we glimpse a vista of lean years in the matter of increase of the number-of inhabitants to the square mile. , What are .we doing now in regard to the "Absolute necessity of at once filling up this country wlth »a virile -and r capable people*'? rWe are tending thousandiofour strongest andsturdlettieons to wage war cm foreign-soil, .many®ever more'ta; return to the land which-bore-th em; ananjrto come back mntdcs of manhoods ilEhesejrauag men should) havei been, Jargely the tetters of. -the .next 1 generation/ f-ttoeir among those who would "detenalmo^Bie destiny of Awrti*lla.">.' ItataiM*-? • ->~mnt, barren otrnwulti-they have blossomed but- ts perish e»e they have borne-fruit? ther might astweU-thavenaver VmŁ.-«c . -.ft ft iThe loss of potential parenthood to Australia.Utrongh4he organisattonotitroops to sens abroad caanoti>e»tinu»t»d łnanoney vatee.or^'P«MdhtlHlnsl'-brtt^*te ihfeiwar closes-U will fregrfflroualndee&f-HrSotavl;' grave concera-tyalLi'lntotartudi ianthe future of thiscountry. rr-.;>i.>r'f 1 Apart from that-aspect of Australia's part -in the-<war»-.i vm Just now, German citizens are anathema to most of thelr fellows "OfBrttiahnblood. But. it was not always so.*- -The German colonists came to this land ' > - -"and they have played no small part in Australia's -geographical, political, and commercial history, from the early days of the adventurous explorer and the hardyplo- neer>.tó the present «fag« »r d<ń*tlnpmen* They have "blazed the track" in manv r sphere and many a spot, but now all their InValuable services to the community go for naught. What guarantee has the citizen of any other nationality .-who makes his home in the Commonwealth that-he will not be similarly treated at any time in the future? What bas iteev ffeb: treatment of the -Germans Is just Hk«ly «o be smeted' out to the :Italli«s; JRtUBtena> ^wedes, French, Dutch, Danish; ^aerickjis, or any othersot foreign extracticm^ajnoiig -<mr • dtteens should EngUnd^feecomąiN^itod In a war with their nsspecUve-t^aHrtheWwds' "fatherlands fi#i»aa: tinent^giijpMp^^ In the population. Alre&dy; this country 1B sufficiently cursed with Old World animal and vegetable peBts and religious and; racial feuds. Are we to keep on perpetuatlIlg these latter and further adding to their number? We want population, and we shouldn't care what white' race we recruited our forces from so long as its representatives blended with us and aldfed in the building f t homogeneous nation. We up simply " " can't cant " afford . to quarrel quai with any European nation; but the policy we are pursuing is Bhort-slghted in the extreme, and after the war it will need our most earnest and strenuous efforts to assure Intending emigrants from Europe that, if they come here, they will not suffer the same experiences as during the war fell to the lot of the Germanic elements In the community. But we think that tor many years Australia, owing to Its actions In this war, will be left fai in the rear by America as a competitor for European emigrants; in fact, if the Commonwealth Government is not very careful, if it continues to stifle liberty as it Is doing, very many of our Own people will emigrate to America as a country o'ffering them fuller freedom than Is to be' found under the Southern Cross. To ensure the rapid filling up of this country with "a virile - and capable people," It seems to UB that Australia should welcome the citizens of any and every white race with open haqds, open hearts; and waiting Jobs, socialise all the industry- and commerce of tbe nation, and reward personal worth, communal service. Inventive talent —for peace and not war purposes—and intellectual, scientific, artistic, and mechanical achievement with the highest honours. We would then need no immigration lecturers to chant the Commonwealth's praises in the effort to attract population; Australia would be the Mecca whitherward the progressive, liberty-loving hosts of all the wbite races of "the-earth would turn their faces and wend their way, to make their homes In'some part of Its wide domain. No longer wbnld 'the destiny of Australia be a matter of fearful foreboding, but till the end of all things It would be a land of peace, progress, and plenty for every man* woman and child-of Its- millions of happy, healthful, and harmonious people. Of course, the calamitous Joe Cooks of the present cataclysmic era will pooh-pooh the foregoing •proposals as the ravings of the utterly raad;*t>ut-they are the only proposals that-will' ensure the salvation -of Australia. What proposals hare the Joe Cooks ło submltln tłwir steadtomeet the dread conseguences^of the -Current crisis and themenacestrf thfe Qiture* Let them bring <them forth,' or •hfereafter hold their pfeteet . •'«<•'* »•• ••• 