THE HUN -AS HE WAS AND WILL BE HEREAFTER FOR EVER ; BRITISH POLICY IN SHORT: ?? 'NEVER AGAIN' ? ? German System of Trader Spies Which Must . ' ? Not Be Tolerated . ; COUNTRY THAT ADMIIS A HUN ADMITS AN ENEMY ' ? : 'We Shall Have to Defeat a German Business Invasion or Lose the Freedom We Have Fought for on the Field' By ROBERT BLATCHFORD in the 'Weekly Dispatch' MR. BLATCHFORD is one among the publicists of Britain who see the men. ? ace of German trade with the Motherland and the Dependencies. He '''? ' ' :: -'says: 'I believe that in this and several of the European countries the deadly ? ' - ? '. danger of the German system of commercial and political permeation is not gene : rally recognised. As I have insisted for many years( the safety and the health : ' of Europe and of our Empire demand that W£ SHALL NEVER. AGAIN ' :'t TRUST OR TRADE WITH THE GERMANS. The country that trades with a ?'?? ' ,,,.'? German trade with an enemy. The country that admits a German as a mer- ; ???' ?????'?;??' chant, a worker, or an immigrant admits' an enemy. WHEN -THIS WAR IS I ?. ;???.? OVER WE SHALL BE CONFRONTED WITH A SECOND GERMAN MEN ACE.' . .'.' A trustful and reverent study of the daily . papers, including the leading- articles and the ? ?.- parliamentary reports, has revealed to me the ?conviction of journalists and Cabinet Ministers ...that Mr. Winston Churchill is a soldier and a .: statesman of brilliant and original genius, of immense strength, of swift and firm decision, and transcendent courage. All which is highly gratifying, but does not seem to account foi ? Mr. Churchill's removal from the Admiralty or c .for his exclusion from the Cabinet. '''' As I begin, the Balkan situation is very .bad, and looks like .being worse. Now, I shall not pretend that our diplo ?„, jnacy and ' the diplomacy of France and .'?^Russia has been very successful or very wise;. ''but I shall, because it affects my subject, ven 1 ture to point out that the British and their Al ,: lies had a very hard row to hoe in the Bal c-~ kans, and that their difficulties had been greatly ? enhanced by the failure of Entente diplomacy ;'Vlin the past to meet the German diplomatic 'J'jnoyes. '£;'' The Real Blunder ~-^ It is easy enough to blame Sir Edward Grey for failing to win over Bulgaria, Turkey, Greece, -and Rumania; but it was by no means an easy ' thing for a British' diplomatist to gain as Al lies States ruled over by German princes. Tur key has been permeated by the Germans for many years. Rumania and Bulgaria have Ger man princes on their thrones; the Queen of Greece is the Kaiser's sister. My point is that the Entente Powers were diplomatically worsted many years ago when they allowed Germany to develop her influence in Turkey, and when they allowed German princes to be put upon the Balkan thrones. I make this point because I believe that in this and several other European countries the deadly, danger of the German system of commer cial and political permeation is not generally recognised. As I have insisted for many years, the safety and health of Europe and of our Empire' demand that we shall never again trust or trade with Germans. « i The Flag Follows Trade -' We have a saying in this country: 'Trade 'follows the Flag.' The proper German variant of that saying would be, 'The Flag follows Trade.' I mean that the German trader is part of the advance guard of the German Army. This is true of no other nation. Bri tish, French, American, Dutch, Russian, or Italian clerks, merchants, bankers, or shopkeep ers who visit or settle down in foreign coun tries do so of their own personal choice, with no other object than to gain experience or to make money. In no country but Germany is there a tacit relationship between trade and politics. Ger many is the only country that has an organised system of peaceful invasion of foreign lands. Britain has sent out thousands of engineers, managers, workmen, and merchants to foreign countries. But they have gone as individuals and for salaries or profits; they have never gone as organised spies or missionaries; they have never gone out with a settled plan for undermining or capturing foreign trade, or for ?building up centres of British commercial and . (political influence in another and a friendly .'-I' State. A French or Russian or Italian clerk or shop keeper in London is just a foreign clerk or tradesman. He is not a civil soldier, belonging . 'to a French or. Russian or Italian organisation for capturing British trade, or for Germanising British politics or finance. But a German clerk or banker or colonist or consul is a Ger man soldier, generally a German spy, and al ways a Gernjan agent for Deutschtum. The country that trades with a German trades with an ,cnc.my. The country that admits a German as a merchant, a worker, or an immigrant, ad mits an enemy. W'hen this war is over we 'shall be' confronted with a second German menace, ? An Old German Trick We shall have. to defeat a German political and business invasion or we shall gradually lose the freedom we have fought for on the field. In a book, 'The German Mole,' the German danger is put thus succinctly : 'The ? multiplication of Germans in every part of the world ha« no other aim than economic conquest 'lrt' for political purposes.' This is not a new Ger man trick ; it is a very old one. If one judged ', by the solemn lectures and articles one reads * ' about the new Germany one might suppose thai 'previous to the Franco-German War the Ger mans and the Prussians had been nations of stained-glass angels. - The fact is they have ai rways been very much like they are now. '~ l A remarkable book by Mr. Ian D. Colvin, '' 'called 'The Germans in. England,' has been 1 ' 'published within the past few days by the 3r 'National Review.' r'~ Mr. Colvin's book gives an. account of the ' nature and methods of the Germans in England from the time of the Norman Conquest to. , (he time of Elizabeth. It deals with the machi v actions and ramifications of the notorious Han Ccatic League. The author extends and illumi nates the general knowledge of the subject by revelations of a startling nature, and shows us that the political meddling of the league was ** 'more ambitious and- dangerous than we have hitherto imagined. . ' . ' The Hanseatic League, or, as it was com monly called, the Hansc, was a federation of _ln,from 70 to 90 of the most influential German 0;ucities It was a political and commercial fede ? ration, a kind of State within the State. It was ,not, like the organised, commercial and military power of modern Germany, a State or an Im perial institution. It seems to have been inde pendent of tlic Crown and stronger than the .State. ?????..??' A Finger in Every Pie It made and administered its own laws, built . and armed its own ships, made its own treaties, i' .andlought it-, own wars. Its fiscal policy was J absolutely Protectionist. 'Hanse goods in Hansc ships' was one of its mottoes. Its -methods were very similar to the German ' i methods of our own time. It financed the Soye ,-reigns of other States in -return for commercial ' ' privileges within the borders of the said King's domains. It had a German Guildhall of its /own in London, the famous Steelyard. The Guildhall was fortified and was garri soned by Germans under strict discipline: Mr; Colvin says : 'The Steelyard, as Anderson puts it, served as a sort of bank for the English Kings. 1 he English Government was in a chronic state of indebtedness to the German cities, and to destroy the influence of the Ger mans it was necessary to secure the financial in dependency of the monarchy.' . Again, Mr. Colvin tells us : 'If we inquire into the policy of the three Edwards we shall find the same influences at work as we have seen from the Conquest. The -Kings want money ; the Germans want trading rights ; the two come together, and the deal is made.' To' gain their ends and to protect their monopolies the Bosches of the Hanse intrigued in Courts and guilds ; dabbled in State quarrels ; engi neered royal marriages ; and by means of craft, espionage, bribery, and force contrived to domi nate or to defeat the policy of England, France, Holland, Norway, Denmark, and other States. We Smashed Them Once The ;Hanse, in fact, in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries was as great a power and as mischievous a power as the German Empire of the present decade. In 1339 the Hanse bad imposed a German fiscal preference upon Venice. 'All wools imported into Venice — name- ly, French, Burgundian, and English — to pay ten livres gross per thousand weight. . . . German wool to pay six livres.' That is one instance of Hanse privileges. Mr. Colvin explains it in a passage well worthy of our close attention : And if we ask how the Germans came to enjoy this preference over the French, the Flemish, and the English, we can only an swer, by such methods of force and combina y tion as gave them a preference in the Sound ' of Denmark and the Custom House of Lon don. They were strong enough to snake it so. And now that we have gone the complete circle, what do we find ? That that Hanse is a combination of German towns, from 70 to 90, all told ; that its centre of power is Lubeck ; that it has a monopoly of the trade with Russia ; that it has Denmark and the Sound in its power ; that it has a monopoly in Iceland ; that it drives the English from Bergen ; that it has command of the sea carriage of the north, the source of sea power before steam, and the boundless wealth of its sea fisheries ; that it influences the commerce and politics of Flanders ; and ,that it has a favored position in England, not only ever lorcigners, but over Englishmen. ... This is only part of the truth. We !-hall see the league enthroning and dethroning ? Kings, Danish and English, blockidinR , an-i boycotting towns and whole countries, hoid ing fortified places, and keeping one of the gates of London, setting afloat invasions and revolutions, standing behind Governments and monopolising the trade of nations. And the main theatre of the rise and decline of this great and mysterious power will be England. England raised them high, . and England threw them down- , 