What is Nationality ? An anonymous contributor to the January issue of "The Unpopular Re view," in discussing the misapplied doc trine of nationality, draws the following distinction between nations and races: Race is often used interchangeably" with nationality, and there can be no objection to our speaking of the Irish or the German race if that is what we mean. But if race is used at the same time in the sense of physical type, there is a serious confusion. There are three main races (in the latter sense) in Europe — a blonde, long-headed, tall type found everywhere around the Baltic and the North Seas; a round- headed, partly blonde type to the south of the former; and still further south, occupying the Mediterranean basin, a dark, long-headed type. If we agree to call the first sort of man the Teuton, we find that the Normandy peasant, the Flemish burgher, the Lithuanian, and perhaps the Finn are Teutons, while the mass of south Ger mans, Austrians, and German Swiss are not. Ethnological nationality would evidently lead to some incongruous alliances. The linguistic grouping comes out al most as badly. English, the most wide spread of Teutonic tongues, is spoken by the majority of "Celtic" Irishmen, by Anglicised Hindhus, and by Ameri canised Filipinos, Choctaws, Czechs, Italians, Poles, and negroes. Even the smaller linguistic group of the German language itself seems .to be a poor cri terion of nationality, for German- speaking Alsatians are so anti-German in sentiment that for more than a gen eration the German Government has felt constrained to govern Alsace as if occupying a hostile country. On the other hand, Belgium, which is cut in two by the sharp linguistic barrier between the Flemings and the Wal loons, and Switzerland, where there are four native tongues (German, French, Italian, and Romansch), are two of the most patriotic nationalities in the \vorld. If not race nor speech but "country" is to be che test, then Germany might certainly claim Denmark and Holland as part of its coast line; but France could, put in her. claim for the Rhine boundary, and Poland might justly claim the German city of Dantsic as the natural outlet for the valley of the Vistula, around which river the Polish people are grouped. Germany might find it necessary to yield as well the Alpine regions, which are not, strictly speaking, part . of ,the German plain. Austria would also lose Galicia, which lies beyond the natural frontier of the Carpathians, but it would still retain within its mountain wall such a chaos of peoples as to prove that unity of country need not mean unity of senti ment. Besides, the argument from physiography cuts both ways. If. Den mark is part of the German coastal plain, is not Northern Germany a part of the Danish plain? Could not Den mark put in a plea for re-annexing Schleswig-Holstein on the ground that it was simply bent on securing a better frontier? The more modest Pan-Germans de vote _ themselves to securing unity within the existing empire. They iden tify the "nation" with the . "State." Since Poles are in Germany they must be German. Similarly the Hungarians argue that Croats and Rumanians liv ing in Hungary must be Magyarised. Just as Philip II. could not rest so long as there was a heretic within his realms, so the Kaiser cannot bear any intru sion of an alien element into his Deutschland. Modern persecutions of nationalities are our twentieth century variety of the old human disease of in tolerance, a new incarnation of the odium theologicum. But nations, like heresies, can survive under persecu tion. Ireland has been under English rule for centuries, and England has been forced to grant her Home Rule after all. Poland has not been a nation in the political sense for over a cen tury, but at no time since its dismem-- berment has it permitted anyone to forget that it was a nationality. The fiercely patriotic Balkan States and some of the minor nationalities in Austria and Hungary have undergone many generations of political oblitera tion without ' forgetting the memories of past greatness. It is no exaggeration to say that almost every historic at tempt at forcible assimilation has re sulted in failure. If German nationality is not coter minous with the present German Em pire, still less does it correspond with the "Germanies" of the past. . . . Any philosophy which would justify a German conquest of that part of France which was once Burgundy, on the ground of its Teutonic origin, could justify as well the replacement of the English language by the Welsh and the Gaelic throughout the island of Great Britain. Z\or can the boundaries of Germany be settled by an appeal to the bond of common culture. There is nothing in the civilisation of Germany which is not shared to a greater or less degree by Europe. America, and the European- ised parts of Asia. With the modern means of transport and communica tion, and the modern abolition of illit eracy, ideas can no longer be kept from penetrating every part of the earth. If Germany ought to correspond to the limits of German influence, we must erect a world State and call it "Ger many." This would not displease the Pan- Germans, but for the fact that there would be just as good reason for calling the cosmopolitan Common wealth "France" or "England." When reproached by liberals for maintaining a full-blown feudalism in the twentieth century, the German or German- American will always reply that republic and Parliaments might be all very well for other nations, but that without a hierarchical organisation of the Government the Fatherland would never have achieved its splendid edu cational system, its scientifically fos tered industry, its admirable municipal administration, its intensive cultiva tion and conservation of the resources of the country, and its well-diffused prosperity. But if' these results are to be ascribed to the wise' rule of the Hohenzollerns or the efficiency of the Prussian bureaucracy, it is amazing that results so similar should be attain ed under very different political sys tems. The German peasant may farm more intelligently than the British agri cultural labourer, but he is in no ways superior to the Dane. Prussian cities are clean, but so are Dutch. The indus tries of Germany are conducted with less waste, perhaps, than ours, but co operation is as familiar to" the artisan and enterpriser of Flanders as it is east of the Rhine. Education is more nearly- universal in Germany than in France, but not more so than in Norway7. Ger mans are orderly, law-abiding, and governed by officials who know7 their business. Very true, but so are the Swiss. There is really nothing peculiarly- German about Kultur except the idola try of the Prussian State bprrowed from Treitschke the Czech and a dash of ruthless militarism derived from Nietzsche the Pole. It is clear, then, that no one objec tive test of nationality will cover all cases. Race, language, religion, physical unity, political"-' government, memories of the past, and a common fund of ideas may contribute to patriotic sen timent, but they should never be con fused with it. The popular will is nationality, and any other factor can at most be a cause. We see this most clearly in the case of the United States. With the pos sible (the doubtful) exception of the American Indians, all Americans are immigrants. They belong to every race and type under heaven. They speak all the' tongues of Babel. They represent every creed the Old World ever knew and others which were invented on this side of the Atlantic. The country they live in has artificial boundaries to the north and the south-west, is cut by two great mountain barriers, and extends from sub-tropic Florida to the glaciers of Alaska. One thing they have in com mon — their choice. America is a nation of those who willd to be Americans. . This unity has been all that was needed to keep our fqrty-eight Commonwealths on. The same test can be applied to Europe, although there State boundar ies correspond but poorly to the national will. If we wished to deter mine the nationality of an Alsatian, I do not think that we should ask the ethnologist whether he had a dolicho cephalic or a brachvcephalic head. I do not think we should ask the census taker what language he spoke or what church he attended. I do not think we should send surveyors to locate his house with reference to the watershed west of the Rhine Valley. I do not think we should ask the historian whether Alsace was a German province stolen by Louis XIV. or a French pro vince stolen by Bismarck. I think we should give the man himself a gun and ask him which country he would rather tight for — France or Germany? When he answers you, y ou will have solved the puzzle of the man's nationality. And when the war is over, and the guns are iaid down, there will be many places where in their stead ballots should be put to settle similar ques tions. An inspector of. schools, while visiting one lately, thought he would explain to the youthful idea the significance of the- colour of white. "Why," said he, "does a bride always wish to wear white at her marriage?" None of the children seemed able to answer, so he went on to explain that the reason was, white stands lor joy, and that a woman's wedding-day is supposed to be the most joyful in her fife. To his surprise a small urchin asked: "Why is it, then, that the men all wear black coats when they get married?" \- « 