'"APPEAL TO. THE; UNIONS, ^Fyestgrda^rwew? * >1um iioddtnc, i sata «u *f1t Bit; Mrs, {Ulelgh, J Blum *1' Ltn? °? Vic&iS;! i -pudfllnss.'g Bhrxruld UnJ writing iiHii. x puj&a; fcTt ea;. Mi-b. J. -Uojuh, ig packets Jelly H 4 plum pud-' ®'' oigarcttes ; MIb» Snfl Grtcle Verrfor filled one I5^L VDaklnK Smith's cm-' ployeeiJIUea S Xmaa boxes; Miss Orace ttouldswortli. i tin cocoa 2 facets anvelopes, lib. Hex cheese!' 1 writing paA / * x lied Crc^S'receipts yesterday were: .Mrs. J. - Jarnta&op;,- 1 pair 60cka: Mrs Dr. Strpptc:, 12 mufflers (ail Red C«q*8 material). ]3 London NewT 9 L^.UL.2* 3 W*ey Malls. 9 niJi,.a.«C2f h fcjjociatow; Mrs. M. A l IT« fi" /??lera rbeltfl; Mlaa Flo » « lfluff*crfl, G face cloths; Mrs A. Parker, z suits pyjamas tall Red Cross major al); Friend, 7 Splashes, 3 n't-Pi J I!aeasinos: Mrs. B. Gi'.luihi, l.caf.ou nnd Crusaders; Mrs H. 1. McUUIvray, IB Colliers. 14 Town and Country, 7 London News cad Daily Ms.'is; Un. Mitchell, par cel PWer*; .ttw. 3. T. Verner, 2 suits fjjamas (Red Cross material), Mr. BarIow Allom yesterday recelved word of the deah from wounds of his nephew, Privaee Walter Allom, a son of the late. A. E. Allom of Toowoomba, Two brothers ot the deceased soldier are at present serv- ing with the soldiers in France . ilre Sills, Towers Street, his receiv ed a czfb'egram frcro her son, private Ilex 61138, who was wounded In Prance In the thigh and ttrli-'t, stating h* la etlll In the hospital end likely to be there for a few moi- weeks Five Charters Ttwera men volun teered and passed the mcd'cal ex amination jo^lfnlcy. They were Meisrs J. W. Argaei, G. P. Pe&TjerHm;, R. S. P.!:iU;rHqn, p. Wihltehead-Smith «nd A. Btaiketcp, the fatter of whom It a brother of Ueuesssi Csutlt fiUpleton, D.C.M. , . . OA1TIX®, Oftoher 4, Quite a flutter was occasioned to Cay, by the railing up oi eligible In connection with the w.ir, and the best tacc Was put on lie matter. u-> to «Ix o'clock to-night 115 were enrjilfd one-third cf wham v.vre :e]i ?'.a for tie p;caent,,pei7d:rs tr'eaunimt fOA\UGyi,LLE, October 4. Ill men were £xaait were lit, 45 unfit, and i7 were ult ?iu\ Most cj the la Iter were fit bat .r.TjIvnl for evemixion. .sSi£ r, DRI3BANE, October 3. 'The Prlnio Mjnfsfol*, on being seen to-day In reference to the aJleeed Im portation of Maltese under contract, said ho was having inost careful lu oulry made Into the tnattsr. So far the Minister for Eilernal Affairs had not been able to obtain' anyVvldence w hatever to support a prosecution un der the Act, "liut," said .the Prime Minister, "whether there has been a Violation ot any ot the provisions of the contract of the Immigrants' Act or Uot, the Government during this war does not Intend to permit any im portation of labor, which- amounts to a Violation of the spirit ot the Act, and it has been deolifed to take such steps 03 are necessary to prevent any further introduction of any kind of cheap labor. During the war the peopln or Australia may rest assured that chcap labor, no matter from 'What country It comes, will not bo permit ted. ,. DRI5BAXJ2, October 4. Reports from various parts' of the State shojr the first day's response under -the Defence Act passed off without Incident of any note. Pro-, ceedings at the reporting depots on the whole were very quiet. Mr. Stephens,. In the Assembly this afternoon, was informed by Mr. Hux ham.that the total number of men in the Polite Force who had applied for leave to enlist "since the War began was 127, and JfHi had been granted leave. Leave, to eiillst was granted on September uOth- Leave to enlist was refused "IVlion the exigencies of the service warranted such refusal. Each application wa. _the Commissioner on its merits, Seventeen men had resigned their positions In order to enlist. If men resigned to enlist they automatically forfeited their rights and privileges, but applications for reinstatements would receive favorable consideration, *t was .not the intention to refuse all *eguests for leave to enlist In future. SYDNEY, October 3. Eleven men appeared at U« Central Police (teart to-day charged Tvith trca eon. They were Charles Revo, 30 years, England; . Thomas "Glynn, St, Ireland; Peter I/arUIn, 66, Iceland; John Hamilton, 42, Victoria: Bernard Bceant,' 25, England; Donald McPher eon. 29, Scotland; William T«en, 30, Tasmania; William Beaily, 80, Eng land; Morris Joseph Parein, 40, Rus sia; Donald Grant, 27, - Scotland: Thomas Moore, 34, New Zealand. A remand w#s granted until Friday. To-day voluntary recruiting in Syd ney was-volunteered 111, accented 103. MELBOURNE, October 3. The Minister for Defence announced to-day that the first draft ot men for munition ,work In England, who left >»' 4-alla recently, consisted of 77 ?oo!\, These men would return to Australia with fcn intimate knowledge el munitions, and further drafts would He leaving at an early: dote. To-day 390 mctt volunteered; 116 Were accepted and 2t deterred. IjONDON, October S. 100,<)00. employees In the railway VDrirehopa are demanding S 10/ week ly advance. ilt is officially announced that naval aeroplanes yesterday morning attacked the airsheds in the vicinity, of BiW .clB. One has not' returned. , >, ' The Mayors of several Midlands towns are arranging to meet and dis cuss antl- olreralt reprisal* against Germany. The ".Morning Post's* correspon dent says an Auckland private In the fcttaUMment squad In FUn trenchai j bit: Cinterhury comrades* h&nL; 1 pressed. He collected a party.1 jttjapafl on the parapet, and ran alon* iKHnblUg the intruders, He saved the 1 position,' and repuUed ft~ determined £ounter~attack. Snipers beget the Otagoltes, who vere digging a trench, until one of .them* a crack ahot, crawled along the craters and silenced the snipers* Twice non commissioned officers took command when their officers were.killed- An Otago Bergeant was exceptional for the coolness with which he led his men to counter attack. U3NDOK, October 4- i Lord Brycc, In an address to the1 Congregational, Union, referring to (peace, said:-"Let us avoid a spirit of hatred. We arc justly indignant at the way the enemy has waged the war, and we trust that our victory will warn the world that such me thods shall nearer again be resorted to, and those kullty will be punisucd. "We arc aslrod-Was 1; \t'zq to talfc of barring a whole people for all time to come ? The Germans were under a hard and tyrannous rule, which not only decidotl for them and misled them, trot cllonecd any protest against I its crimes. Some day we hope they sxzy cvcr&zw;'it tvugq ihey fcavc lo&rncd; the truth. If we indulge In i revenge we chall bo qowing the ccca ! 02 futura rcar. liieloaj.canno: hz'co : one another for ever, and'the soonor i tiscy coftSc to do so tho better yiio talk we now hear of starting a trado I Tr&r; has imroeneo capacities Of mis-' chief, end will embitter the hatred 1 v-iiicb should be allowed to dh; otherwi&s; they will lead to the main tenance at enormous armaments and cause a recurrence of the present cala mity. Terms should be imposed se curing a permanent peace, not vin dictively, and also for ensuring tho respect of other nationalities, for de- I ^troying racial distinctions, and for the creation of international maehin- | ery. This would bo Impossible with-1 cct tee GH-opCTcton cf sac espcuaHy of AmcrJcc." AMSTERDAM, October 3r , Berlin admits, but minimises the I Zeppelin losses. ..There'" is a.growing | feeling of anxiety over the continued AGKX, Octcfoer 3. I The Danish Budget provides tor an expenditure cf 143,0<)0, toeing due to a military expenditure of 60,000,CCO kroner. KEW YORK, Ootcber 3. Curils'a Tensplane described as a Zeppelin destroyer, was tested at Buf falo. It showed a maximum ^peed of- 120 miles per hour, and rose at the rate or 1000 feet a minute. The exports from Naw York for Septem/ber totalled dally £2,500,000, the half of which vra<5 munitions. ATHENS, October.3. An Allied Government memorandum addressed to the Governments of cer ?lain neutral maritime E'tatfes urges that ! the principles cf law of nations apply ing to submarines are affected by aPee- ! Sal lawful considerations, and there- | fore any place supplying Biiibmarlo<>s and warships from a base becomes' a ! foafe* of naval operations. The Allies [ express the opinion that submarines | Should be excluded from the bnneilt of the rule of the law of nations re. gardlng their admission and sojourn in neutral porta &nd; waters. Bell). , gcrent Submarines entering a neutral > port cbould be detained. The Allies warn neutrals of the danger of their submarines entering or frequenting t.be war area, instancing the nervousness in Germany at all vulnerable Points. 