HOME-MADE GOODS »? ? ? ? TOWN HALL EXHIBITION. OPENED TO-DAY. ; \' This afternoon -his Excellency the Governor l. opened an exhibition oi home- made goods in the Town Hall. The display is instructive, as it is illus- ' trative of the possibilities of manufac ture in Western Australia of many classes of commodities that are at pre sent imported in such great number. The display has been organised by the Perth section of the Women's Commonwealth Patriotic Association, and its object is the encouragement of home manufactures. Obviously the best method of encouragement in the direction indicated is the furnishing of opportunities to the people of having practical demonstrations of what local manufacturers are capable of produc ing. The present exhibition will be continued to-morrow. It is one that calls for considerable attention. Many branches of industry are represented by artistically designed displays, and ? these include those of stoves, boots and shoes, furniture and wickerware, flour and oatmeals, confectionery, soaps and perfumes, jewellery, leather ware, furniture, brush ware and mats, condiments, rubber 'goods, and woollen knitted garments. It is an exhibition . that is free to all, and to make it more attractive there is*' provided an or- ? chestTa, while several artists have, promised to occasionally ' contribute musical items. In addition to the opening speech, of Sir Harry Barron, Archbishop Riley, Sir John Forrest, and the ActingPre1 mier, Mr.- P. Collier, had agreed to \give addresses at the opening cere mony. ?;-?»'' ' \Discussing the exhibition with one of our representatives, Mrs. Mary A. Juleff, the Western Australian Secrer tary of the Association, said , 'that the objects of the body were:— To foster the gro-rrth of all Aus tralian industries, and to encourage competition and co-operation in same. To foster a demand first for all goods made in Western Australia; secondly, ? for all goods made in Aus tralia; and thirdly, for goods* manu factured in the British Empire. To establish new industries, in, our midst, especially for women, and to encourage Commonwealth. inventions. To demand that all Australian-made goods carry the trade mark (Made in ' Australia). To encourage such immigration ' in the future. 'frpm Great : Britain , and other European countries as may be deemed' advisable. To provide a rendezvous for all men ' and women talcing an interest in the welfare of the British Empire, arid to establish a reading- room in which recent and authentic information may ' be obtained upon subjects pertaining to' the trade of Australia, also a depot for the : exhibition of Australian pro ducts'and inventions. ' ?' ' Mrs. Juleff stated , aisp:~,'The women promoters of the ',Commpn wealth' Association in.- Perth, feel that ' this movement is absolutely essential in: the present state of affairs.' Advo cates, of free trade and advocates of protection, cannot fail to rcaliso that while we owe a duty to our Motherland . and her Allies, we also owe a duty to ourselves and our children, '.arid while the primary industries - are of' , the greatest value to, the State, and. should be encouraged ' in 'every possible ? waj;, town industries ' and also ? village ? industries should follow /along th'eir .natural .' channels, '( * and vthe i-esult will be ', peace .? and pros perity/ , Such ' is unknown in ' Aub- - Lralia' to'-day. The W.C.P. . Association start out in faith, -hope, and charity, believing that industry, ' thrift' and a sturdy individual independence are more valuable in building the national char acter, than lining on others for sup- : port, and ' so (they as women ? think that' e\rery: girl and boy -should learn a 'trade, lhat every man and' woman should know for himself and herselE' wnat their own' country can grow; and manufacture, and take a natural pride in. the achievements of their 'own' citi- v zens. Nothing is achieved without struggle and nothing is obtained with out sacrifice. The town needs the country's produce, and the country needs the manufactured goods of' the ?towns, but -vhat wp want more than all, is- a more fair and equitable ad justment of relations than. exists at present, and so the women feel ok the buyers of the community they can do much towards that end. They can -help their country women .by pr.omqting and encpuraging their small industries' and supporting co-operative . effort wherever desired. IThey owe allegiance ,as a body to no society, and theirplat form is .broad enough to allow of the Women's Commonwealth. Patriotic Association being a friend to all and an 'enemy 'to» none. The names 'of .the exhibition committee should be- a. guarantee of its' success. They are: — Chairman of committees. Mrs. H. F. Mercer, hon. treasurer, Mrs. A. Rich ardson, hon. organise^, Miss ? F. A. Wells, hon. secretary', Mrs. Mary A. Juleff, committee, Lady Forrest; Mrs. trance Le Souef. Mrs. Danish, Mrs. Troy, Mrs. Rapley. Mrs. Weare, Mrs. Pike, Mrs. J. Noble, Mrs. J. E. DoSd, Mrs. Pardy, Mrs. E. A. Hart. 