LOCAL AND GENERAL. Shoalhaven Agricultural Society's annual ball on Friday night next. Nowra Council's system of conduct ing its business borders on the bur lesque. Miss Alice Lynch, from Bega, district, has been appointed to Numba public school. What shall it be— 6 or 9 o'clock closing of hotels? Let the voice of the people declare. The Naval College at Jevis Bay is again open to inspection by persons who have first obtained official per mission. The retiring officers of the Kan garoo Valley Agricultural Society were re-elected at a meeting of the committee on Tuesday last. Charlie Mayne, for some time clerk in the Commercial Bunk, Nowra, but now in the Wollongong branch, has offered his services for the front, and has been accepted. The commiittee of the Kangaroo Valley Agricultural Society at last meeting carried a vote of thanks to Mr Brooks (sub-manager) for his successful efforts in connection with the South Coast District Trophy Display at last Sydney show. Mr. J. I. Morison, J P., of Brundee, met with an accident while out riding on Wednesday night. His horse either stumbled or fell on the Brun dee bridge, with the result that Mr Morison sustained a dislocated shoul der, a number of bruises, and severe shock. The cruiser Hampshire, with Lord Kitchener and Staff aboard, was mined or torpedoed on Monday night west of the Orkney Islands, and all hands perished. Lord Kitchener was proceeding to Russia to discuss im portant military matters with the Czar. The nation was stunned by the news. A proclamation appeared in a recent "Government Gazette" ap pointing Mr Thomas Binks, jun, of Cambewarra, to fill the vacancy of the P. P. Board, occasioned through the death of Mr William Thorburn, until May, 1917, at which date the deceased director would have retired by effluxion of time. For Bronchial Coughs, take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is 6d The Butter Control Committee has decided to prohibit the export of but ter from New South Wales, owing to a shrinkage in local supplies. Recently the butter manipulators of Melbourne placed 500 tons of that food commodity in cold storage. As a result of the scarcity thus created, the retail price of butter advanced 3d and id per lb., when the stored butter was brought out and sold at the higher rates ruling. Stewart and Morton had a very successful sale at their Nowra yards, on Tuesday last, and all classes of cattle met strong competition. Spring ing cows sold to £13; .backward heifers, £11 : fat cows, £13 ; bullocks, £14 ; yearling heifers, £4 10s.; poddies, £3. Rumor has it that- the Messrs Hoskins, the big iron men of Lithgow and Sydney, have purchased the Won gawilli coal mine, West Dapto, and in conjunction therewith that coke works will be established near Kenibla Grange. A few fii- ins like Hoskins would stir up trade on the Coast. * The Cobargo ' Chronicle' says that Kubre Bros., who are working the Wongaruka farm, have introduced the Danish style of housing cows for the winter. Eight comfortable stalls have been built, equipped with feed troughs, and the cows selected take very kindly to the treatment, and show an improved milk yield. Aid. Herne, at the South Shoal haven Council meeting on Thursday, said he understood from some of the Cambewarra Shire Councillors that the stone crusher purchased by that Coun cil some little time back at a cost of about £500 had already saved them more than the purchase money in the reduced cost of road metal. Nowra branch of the Red Cross Society held its usual monthly meeting on Tuesday afternoon. The success of the 'circle scheme' was proved by the generous parcels which were sent in by Numba, Pyree, aud Cambewarra circles. The secretary handed to the treasurer a cheque for £7-1s- 6d, theq proceeds of the sale of a cedar log presented by Messrs. Geo. Lee and Son, to whom a hearty vote of thanks was accorded. The Secretary for Defence advises the Hon. Austin Chapman as follows : — With reference to your letter dated 21st inst., relative to the issue of badges to rejected volunteers, I am directed to inform you that a supply of these badges is now being obtained, and it is expected that the first issue will be made on about the 9th of June. I may add that the military comman dants of the several States will arrange for the distribution of these badges. In the Rev. F. J. Curwood's corre spondence in Wednesday's issue, re plying to a communication by Mr. W. Parkes, a typographical error appeared in the second paragraph, which some what obscured the rev. gentleman's meaning. Mr. Curwood wrote : — ' I wish, however, to refer to one point in his letter that needs refuting. He raises the hwjey that if hotels are closed at 6 o'clock all that, hotels supply in addition to intoxicant? will be unavailable .to the public.' \ Our comp. made it read logic instead of "bogey." The matter of settling returned soldiers on the land at Kangaroo Valley was brought under the notice of the show committee by Mr. Cullen, who said there was any amount of land around the Valley, and under a proper scheme of assistance to re turned soldiers and immigrants these farms could be made to pay and keep families as in the past. He moved — "That the secretary write, through the member for the district, and that the advantages of settling returned soldiers on the land in K. V. be brought before the proper authorities." Seconded by Mr Chittick; and carried. At the Penrith Police Court; Mrs. Mary Daly, professionally known as Miss Kemp, of the buckjumping show, was charged with having inflicted grievous bodily harm on Alfd. Walker, of ,St.wMajpj£s. The case arose lout of the recent fracas at St Mary's, in which;* man -named Young was com mitted for trial upon a charge of shoot ing with intent to wound ' Walter. According to the evidence, Mary Daly struck Walker with' the. handle of a whijp, and later, it wa^ 'alleged, struck' at him, with a. tab%,knife, inflicting a flesh wound. ThexJiarge was reduced to one of common assault, and defen dant was fined £5, with £4 15s wit nesses' expenses. At the last mefeting of the com mittee : of the Kirigtirpp Valley A. and H. Association, Mr Monitt (sec retary) stated that a suggestion had been thrown out by a neighboring society that the K. V. society 'should throw in their lot with them. He was absolutely opposed to any amal gamation of that kind. It was the unanimous opinion of the committee that'; Kangaroo Valley ;would always be able 'to maintain an agricultural society. They had never received any great assistance £iom the outside .districts, and there was, no reason to suppose that they would . not bo able to carry on 'as successfully in the futiire as they had done in the past. 