\- BRITISH POLICY IN SHORT: "NEVER AGAIN" German System of Trader Spies Which Must Not Be Tolerate. COUNTRY THAT ADMITS A HUN' ADMITS AN ENEMY '- }We Shall Have to Defeat a German Business Invasion or Lose the Freedom We Have Fought for on the Field"' By ROBERT BLATCHFORD in the "Weekly Dispatch " R. BLATCHFORD is one.among the publicists of Britain who see the men. ace of German trade with the Motherland - and the Dependencies. He "'' says: "I believe that In this and several of the European countries the.deadly danger of the German system of commercial and political permeation is not gene- . rally recognised.: As I have Insisted for many years, the safety and the health of Europe and of our Empire demand that WE SHALL NEVER AGAIN TRUST OR TRADE WITH THE GERMANS. The country that trades with a German trade with" an enemy. The country that admits.a. German as a mer . chant, a?worker,.or anrimmigrant admits an enemy. "WHEN' THIS WAR IS : VER'-WE SHALL BE' CONFRONTED WITH A SECOND GiERMAN MEN S.: ACE." A trustful anid. reverent study of the daily p:.:apers, including.the leading articles and the \- parliamentary reports has revealed: to me the o..-t.icnviction of journalists and Cabinet Miinisters -' that rle..Winstdon Churchill is 'a soldier and'i s-?tatesman of brilliant and original genius, of . irrimmense strength, of swift and firm' decision, .anhd transcendent courage. All which is highly gratifying, but does.not.seem. to accounit fot -?Mr. Churchill's removal from the Admiralty or for his exclusion from the Cabinet. As I begin. the Balkan situation is very ?bad, and looks like .beingv worse. Now, I shall ..not pretend that our 'diplo macy and the diplomacy of France and Russia has been very successful-or very wise; but -I shall, because it affects my subject, ven tuire to point out that'the British and their Al h li~s:had a very hard rddw to hue in the Bal kans,,and that their difficulties hlad been greitly ernhanced by the failure of Entente diplomacy in the past to' -meet the German diplomatic S" riiOves. .The Real Blunder It is easy enough to blame Sir Edward Grey for failing to win over Bulgaria, Turkey. Greece, and Rumania: but it was by no means an easy thing- for i British- diplomatist .to .gain as Al IliisStates ruled over by German princes.. Tur "' key has been permeated by the Germans for many years. Ruimahia and Bulgaria have Ger man princes on their thrones; the Queen of Greec' is the Kaiser's sister. \---My pontr is that the' .Entente Powers were * .diploimatically worsted many years ago when they allowed Germany to develop her influence in Turkey, and when they allowed German ' 'princes to be put upon the Balkan thronei.' I :: maketitis point because I'believe that-in this and' several other European countries the deadly danger of the German system of commer cial and political permeation is not generally recognised. A' I have insisted for many years, the safety and health of Europe and of our Empire demand that we shall never again trust or trade with Germans. The Flag Follows Trade We have a saying in this country: "Trade follows the Flag." The proper German variant of that saying would be, "T'he Flag follows Trade." - I mean that the German trader is part of the advance guard of the German Army. This is true of no other nation. Bri tish, French, American, Dutch. Russian, or Italian clerks, merchants, bankers, or shopkeep ..era who visit or settle down in foreign couln tries do so of their own personal choice, with no other object than to gain experience or to make money. In no country but Germany is there a tacit relationship between trade and politics. Ger many is the only country that has an organised system of peaceful invasion of foreign lands. Britain has sent out thousands of engineers, managers, workmen, and merchants to foreign countries. But they have gone as individuals and for salaries or profits: they have never gone as organised spies or missionaries; they have never 'gone out with a settled plait for undermiing or capturing foreign trade, or for building tip centres of British commercial and political influence in another and a friendly State A French or Russian or Italian.cleri or shop keeper in London is just-n foreign clerk or tradesman. He is not a civil soldier.'belongingf to 'a French or Russian or Italian orgapisation for capturing British trade or for Germanising British politics or finance. But a German clerk orbanker or coloniat" or consrul s a G'r man soldier, generally a. German spy, and atl ways a German agent for Deutschtum. The tcountry that trades with a German trades with an enemy. The country that admits a German as a merchant, a worker, or an immigrant, ad mits an enemy. When this war is over we shall be confronted with a second German menace. . An Old German Trick . Vie shall have to'defeat a German political adl business invasion or we shall gradually lose the- freedom'we.have fought for on the fidid. In a kook, ,"The .German Mole" the AGermai -danger is. put thus succinctly : "The multiplichtion of Germans in every part o[fthe world hbas ndotheraim than economic conquest for political purposes." This is not a new Ger. ani rick ; it is a very-old one. If one judged iby the -solemn lectures and articles one i-cads -about the new Grmany one might suppose thai previous to the Francd-German War the Ger mans and the Prussians had been nations of stained-glass angels. The fact is they haoe al ways been very much like they are now. A remarkable book by. Mr. Ian D. -Colvin. called 'The Germans in. England," has been published within the past- few days by the "National !Rcvinwe" - -iMr. Clvin's:book gives an account of the nature and method; of the Germans in England from, the time of the. Norman Conquest to the time of Elizabeth:- It deals with the machi nations and ramifications of the notorious Han-. static League. The author extends and illumi nates the-general knowledge of the subject by revelations of a startling nature, and-shos'us that the political" meddling of the league' twas more ambitious wand dangerous than we have hitherto" imagined. The Ha?iseatic League, or; as It was conm monlyrcalled, teti Hanse, was a federation of from 70 to 90 of the most influential Germin cities. It-svas a- political and comsmercial'fcde ation, a kind of Stdte. within the State. It was not, like the organised commercial and tailicary power of modern Germany, a State or an Im peral institution. It seems to Iav-e keen inde pendent of the Croewn and stronger than the State. - It A:Finger in Every Pie - It made and administered its own laws, tuilt and armed its own ships, made its own treaties, and fought its own-wars. Its fiscal policy was absolutely Protectionist. "Hanse goods in Hanse ships" was one of its mottoes. Its methods were very similar to the German methods of our own time. It financed the Sove reigns of other :States in return for commercial privileges within the borders of the said King's domains. It had a German Guildhall of its fown in London, the famous Steelyard. The Guildhall was fortified and was garrl noned by Germans under strict discipline. Mr. Colvin says : "The Steelyard, as Anderson puts it, served as a sort of bank for the English Kings. The Englich Government was in a chronic state of indebtedness to the German cities;and to destroy the influence of the Ger mans it was necessary to secure the fiancial in dependency of the monarchy." Again, Mr. Colvin tells us: "If we inquire into the policy of the three Edwards we shall find the same influences at work as we have seen from the Conquest. The nings want money ; the Germans want trading rights: ; the two come together, and the deal is made." To gain their ends and to protect their monopolies the Boschcs of the Hanse intrigued in C-surts and guilds ; dabbled in State quarrels; engi neered royal marriages ; and by means of craft, espionage, bribery, and force contrived to domi nate or to defeat tlie policy of England, France, IfolLand. Norway, Denmark, and other States. We Smashed Them Once The Hanse, in fact, in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries was as great a power and as mischievous a power as tile German-Empire of the present decade. In-1339.the Hansenhad imrposed "'a German.' fiia nrseferehce n tpon" Vrnirc . "All woolt slnporte into Venice- name ly, French, Burgundian. and English-ta F ay ten livres gross per thousand weight .. German wool to pay six livres." That is one instance of Hanse privileges. MIr.. Colvin explains it in a passage well worthy of our close attention And if we ask how the Germans came to enjo' this preference over tlte Fr:anch, the SFlemish, and the Eaglish, we can only an. Ewer, by such methods of force and combina. tian as gave-tlhem a preference in the Sound of Denmark and the Custom House of Lon don. They were strong enough to tnake it And now that we have gone the -onplete circle, what do we find ? That that Hutme is a combination of German townis, from 70 to 90, all told; that its centre of power is Lubeck ; that it has a monopoly of the trade with Russia; that it has Denmark and the Sound in its power ; that it has a monopoly in Iceland; that it drives the English from i Bergen ; that it has command of the sea carriage of the north, the source of sea power before steam, and the boundless .vealt;l af its sea fisheries; that it influences the commerce and politics of Flanders; and that it has a favored position in England. not only cver lorcigners, but over Englishmen. . This is only part of the truth. We shall see the league enthronitt and d?throning Kings. Danish and English. blocka:llig aal boycotting towns and whole countries, hold ing fortified places, and keeping one of the gates of London. setting afloat invasic's and revolutions, standing behind Governments and monopolising the trade of nations. And the main theatre of the rise and decline of this great and mysterious power wilt he Eangland. SEngland raised them high, and England Sthrew them down. New Light on History It- must not be supposed that the English people.took this lying down. They resented the shameful bargains made by ambitiass and ist pecunious Kings. They resented the presence in England of foreigners enjoynig .valuable piivlleges which were denied to Eng!ishmesn. They resented the .German mons.?!ics of so much-foreign trade and the Gerims, co.manad of the sea. But it took them .hundreds of years to'defeat the Hunnish federationn/and they did not begin to succeed.until the TAdoars came to the throne. It was Henry VII. who laid the faundation of British sea power, and it was Queen Eliza beth who, under the advice of Tn snt:; (iresham, fbnallyemancipated herself from the. Hansc aid drove the Germans neck and crop out of Eng land. The greedy, unscrupulous sae".acitr" of the :Germans and the stubborn resistance of the Engiish resulted . in a prolo. ,:d ted severe uttuggle. Which, Mr. Colvin tells -is, was t,,e of the dominating forces in English politics. iHe says: They (the Hanse) were thus favored pot only over other foreigners. but over English men. Their advantage over other foreigners was so overwhelming that even the trade of the Venetians languished and dwindled al most to nothing, and their-advantage over. Englishmen was substantial enough to make the determination to.end It- one of the chief forces of our mediacval' politics: - Here, then, we come to the main thread of our siory-the struggle hbetween the German and the Englishman for English trade. This great struggle, wtich many e traced from the time of Henry III. to the timte of Elizab.th. seems to me one of the chief factors of Eng lish history, and yet it has been almost ig nored by aEnlishl historians. - The 'First Anti-German Let us' follow Mr. Colvin; and 'let us begin with Simon de Mlontiort. Mr. Colvin says: ' ' I do not gather from his lstory that Sinion de Moiitfort concerned. himself much it the constithtion of the English Parliament his ends were more practical-lie led tIle' anti foreign' and especially the anti-German party 'in England. Mathew Paris. understood this well enough, but' te niodern historian hlmost leaves it out.of account. 'He learnedly dia cusses constitutiornal problems for , which Simon probably cared little or nothing, and •leaves unexplored the practical questions of' protection and patriotism, for which Simfon and his party care a very great deal.' For "his pa:i. la attempts to save Engi sh. trade and to drive the Huns out of London, Simon ,de Montfort paid with his life... The Harse conspired against him. Richard, King of Germany, came to England, and with the English Prince Edward led an army against Simon, who was surrounded and slain at Eve sham. Mr. Colvin says that Simon de Mont fort, Earl of Leicester, like Warwick, the King Maker, died in the field fighting for England against Germany. Both died on English soil, both were hunted down and destroyed by the conspirators of the Hanseatic League. "Natural Allies" Myth The Huns of the Hanseatic League destroyed the Earl of Warwick, as they destroyed the Earl of Leicester. They assisted, if they did not conspire, the attack by the Spanish Ar mada, as they had assisted the Norman con quest. It was their policy to keep the English ICings continually embroiled with the French, and to nurse by any means in their power those two false and mischievous theories whichhave survived almost to the present time : that the French and the English are natural enemies, and the' the Germans and the English are natural friends. The Wars of the Roses Mr. Colvin shows, were part of the struggle for German commer cial supremacy in England. The "Dantzig Chronicle" to 1469 says : "In the year 1469 there was great discord in England among the barons, one of the reasons being the (German) merchant."' "IHere, then," says Mr. Colvin, "'is a motive for the Wars of the Roses, which puts all the chief actors in a new and surprising light. Warwick is a patriot who fights against the German domination on sea and land: Edward (IV.) betrays the cause of Engiish frade and Englislh shipping for German Ioney: Warwick remains true to his principles; and drives EdwaorL froe 'the throne oil which ne had placed :sltet E-dward is restored ?y the German, nos'ever, and replaces the Germat merchant in his position of privilege." King-maker's Ticket The following passage from LIr. Colvin's book will be sufficient evidefice as to the Ger man part in the Wars of the Roses : From the English historian we might sup pose that Warwick -was merely an unscrut pulous noble who acted through sonic pique or personal nolvse, ambhition, or tere cap rice. Butif we apply our German key to these events we find that Warwick eought Lubeck at sea; that Edward was made King on the "anti-Gerinsin" ticket; that 'Edward, in the absence of Warwick, came to an un derstanding with the Hanse ; that Warwick's invading army made an anti-German demon stration in London ; that Edward fled to Flanders and returned in German ships; and that German influence was thrown into the scale for the deicat of Warwick, just as it had been used for the defeat of de Montfort. If English historians say little or nothing of all this, it is not forgotten by the German historians. - Thus Pauli, for example : "Whea Edward IV. was driven out they (the Hanse atic League) had to decide whether Henry VI. should keep the throne or lose it again . they helped the Germanic element to victory. If Henry VI. had succeeded ;t. retaining, the crown . . the sca 'power wielded by the German merchant would have gone- to Rome . . . and the whole deve lopment of European cothmerce would have been , different. Thus the Germans freed themselves from a very serious danger and at the same time forced the King under an obligation to the Hanse." Mr. Colvin handles "the natural alliance" with biting sarcasm in this book and, as we shall see, we have nothing to thanu our natural allies for. Hun Threats That Failed Let us now consider Mr. Colvin's revela tions as to Germany's share in the adventure of the Spanish Armada. .The episode of thf Armada came' at a time when the Hanseatic fortunes were on the down grade. Heiry, VII. had laid the foundation of the English Navy, and the development of trade by sea had hit the Hanse hard. To quote our author:' Thus everywhere the German trade systems is falling to pieces: the Court of the Erss pire subsists on *Philip's bounty, and the ianse, which once looked to Prussia for pro tection, now looks to Spain. Philip was eager to hielp. Acesrding- to Sartorius. he had long pressed the cities to'join him in an. attack on' England, and the cities hesitated. not because tihey loved the Queen (Eliza beth).-but .because they distrusted the King (Philip of Spain). But with the failure of' "caution and contra caution." ard the miser able fiasco of the Imperial Bull, all hesita-' - tion is. thrown to the winds, and the Hanse: linges with zeal into the -great project of the Spanishl. Armada. We have seen the dait at which this secret-. alliance began. and it i~s easy to trace its. progress through the archives- of Venice. Simai?cas, and England. Thus in 1556;, IIieronomo Lipomano, Venetian Ambassador in Spain, reports to tile Doge and Senate: "The city of Hamburg, which governs itself as republic and is hostile to the Queen of Englaod on commercial and other g:ounds, has sent a letter to the King of Spain offer ing. him the' port of Hamburg, which is cap able of shl.ltering a large fleet. The King is also in treaty for the use of another port hear Hamburg Both will be of service to _Flanders'and for putting some ch:'kb on the Queen of England." Egging On the Spaniards Mr. Colvin tells us that .Burleigh was well infoarmed oit he secret undcratandiisg, and li . quotes fromn a letter sent by Burleigh-to'.tha King.of Denmark it December, 1585: To, send to the King of Denrark to de - clare to him how cunningly the merchants of Dantzig. Lubeck, and other ports on tti5-`' east side of -the Sound have this Summer time imade great provision of grairi and other victual,, and oi -It things bSgnging to ship-. ." ping, and carries the same to Spaini by pass. ing the north of Scotland and the --west of Ireland. To require him to consider hots herebytlhe King of Spain hathl been furnished -for Ihis navy, whicii he hasteneth to land all his forces to annoy us. SOiire other quotation and I must leave this interesting subject. Mr. Colvin says: Again, in 1586, the Venetian' Ambassador in Madrid secured a copy of an estimate of supplies and ships for the Armada prepared by the Marquis of Santa Cruz--who, but for his timely death, was to "have taken - com mand. The reader who derives his know ledge -of the Armada from James Anthony Froude will rub his eyes when I say that this estimate includes thirty German ships and 12,000 Germans. - - - The hostility of the league to Queen Eliza beth was due to the fact that she was strongly pro-English and as strongly anti-German. She had wonced against the league from the first. and she it was who after the Armada dealt them he knock-out blow. r A Hint Unto Her Majesty Mr. Colvin tells us that when Elizabeth came to the throne she received some valuable ad vice from the great anti-German Thomas Gresham. Among other bints which Gresham gave her Majesty was the following, quoted by Mr. Colvin from Burgon's "Life of Gresham": SThe great freedom of the Steelyard (the .Hasse Guildhall in London) and granting of licence for the carrying of your wool and other commodities out of your realm. which is now one of the chief points that your Majesty has to foresee in this your Common weal; that you never restore the "Steydes called the Stillyarde" again to their privilege, whiclh hath been the chiefest point of the un doing of this your realm, and the merchants of the same. Elizabeth took that advice to heart and acted - -upon it, and when the Germans tried threats or boycott she met them withthe same pride and scorn and the sanc sntendid rourgac ,,wlttt which se alweavs confronted the-nssmie -of England. 