UNITED KINGDOM AND FOREIGN. A. Royal warrant has been issued I authorising any recipient of the military I cross to. use the-letters after his name. ' | The United States Senate has dropped the Immigration Restriction Bill, because of the threat of President Wilson to veto the measure* r . . . j Official reports from Mukden, in Man-, cburia, complain that the Japanese troops-, have occupied the official buildings there. The Danish Parliament has decided to postpone - the question of selling - the Danish West Indies to the United States until after the elections. Cotton for delivery in X917 has been' sold in New York at 16 cents per lb. Only twice since the American civil war have these rates been exceeded. ^ As the outcome of the Chilian protest concerning the British black list, Britain has informed Chili that she does not intend to interfere with ber trade. The power schooner,-Great pear, carry ing the Borden-Lane Arctic expedition, was wrecked in' Behring Sea, on 10th August, and the vessel is a total loss. The Vatican has allowed Austria two months, in which to* withdraw from its archives ali the diplomatic documents con cerning Austrian relations with the Holy See. The demand for ships is- so great that a company intends. to salvage the ' liner Sesostris, which has been stranded for the past 10 years, on the Guatemala sands. ' I : Herr Hoffman, a Socialist - member of -I the Prussian Landtag, Has been arrested | for distributing circulars, urging all the workers of the empire to declare a general strike. The acreage o[ wheat in Canada shows a decrease of 20 per cent on that of 1 last year. It is expected ' that the Canadian wheat crop will show a decline of 27 per cent. '• -• • • The question of exporting butter to England is to be reopened by Denmark, in the hope that England will respond by releasing raw materials for the manufac ture of margarine. ; The carelessness of a woman worker engaged in makiug fuses caused a fire a$ the munition works at St.- Denis. Three j workshops were destroyed, but there (were no casualties. In pursuance of the decision of the Government of France to employ Chinese labour in the war factories, the first party of 5,000 Chinamen has begin'".to arrive ; at Marseilles. . An article in the "Nation" points out that the complete restitution of trade unionism is the first essential of indus trial reconstruction after the war, and a fair deal is possible only on that basis. At an" inquest surrounding "the deaths of some workmen through the collapse of "a skyscraper in ;New York, the . evidence showed that the building was being erected, at the rate of one story everv six hours. Miss' Theodore Booth, daughter of Gen eral .Balling Booth, of the Salvation Army, has offered, in the interests of science, to submit to inoculation with infantile paralysis virus, in order to save babies. In illustration x>f the enormous charges for freight a Bristol grain merchant- in stances cargoes of maize invoiced at £69,273, of which the value of the maize ! represents £18,826, and the freight ; £50,-147. i The United States Secretary' of State 1 (.Mr. Lansing) announces that the joint commission appointed to deal with the matters in dispute between the United States and Mexico will meet on 4th Sep tember. The Secretary to the American Navy, ia an interview, said that he proposed to rush through the navy pro gramme, and he hoped that within six months 106 vessels would be under con struction. - • ' The death has been announced of' the Right Rev. , John Lancaster Sj aiding, Roman Catbotic Archbishop of Lebanon, Kentucky, at the1 age of 76 years. Arch bishop S'palding was the author of several, religious publications. It is reported from Newport News, in Virginia, that Victor Aristrom made a record day's flight in a Curtis military biplane, travelling a distance of 641 miles in 520 minutes. He used 140 gallons of gasolene during the flight. A message from Nome (Alaska) states that anxiety is felt for the safety of the Borden-Lane expedition, which' is two weeks overdue. Mr. Lane, who Sailed from Seattle, intended to meet Mr. Stef ansson, at Banks Island. The exports from tiie United States during July are valued at 446,000,000 dollars and the imports at 183,000,000 dollars. These figures arc la record "for July, but are smaller than those of the. preceding month of June. General Pershing, who is in command of the United States troops on the Mexican frontier, reports that General Villa, the Mexican bandit - leader, who had beeu reported as dead, is command ing a small force in the Durango Mount ains. A terrible crash occurred during the 100-mile motor car race at Kalamazoo, and out of the' 14 competing cars 11 were smashed, two persons being killed and eight injured severely. The leading car skidded when travelling at a terrific speed, and the others .were piled up ,on it, The "Weekly Dispatch" says that the business of the London and Northern Steamship Company has been sold to the Pyra Watson Co. for upwards., of £2,000,000, which will allow a return of about £55 for each ordinaryshare. Russia has ordered 2,000,000 yards of cloths in the West Riding of Yorkshire for army purposes. The Government con trol scheme will applv to this, whereby all firms with suitable machinery must contribute a fair share of the orders. - Dr. Simon Plexner, director of the Rockefeller Medical Institute, says that, after experiments, he is convinced of the value of the treatment o! infantile paralysis by serum from recovered pati ents, and he urges its'use hy doctors. Three hundred followers of General Villa captured the town of £atovo, alter,, six hours' fighting. The garrison, num bering 200, were without ammunition, and were forced to evacuate the place. Several of the Villista bandits were exe cuted. A banking analysis shows that before^ the war the banks of England,: France,' Germany, and Russia held £136,000,000 more gold than the United States, but now the United States holds within £10,000,000 of the combined holdings' ol the Powers mentioned. Mrs. Hugh M'Intosh has 'completed art rangements for a visit to the United States and Canada of Misses Fanny. Durack and Mina Wylie, the- Australian . lady swimmers. '.The United States may,, adopt the "Australian regulations govern ing women's swimming. • - Great Britain ~ and the Ymuiden ship, owners have agreed that Great Britain shall purchase first in the open market at Ymuiden, and when the prices exceed the maximum fixed by Great Britain for cer tain kinds of fish the Dutch ship owners shall refund the difference. The Central News Agency announces that negotiations for a settlement of the Irish question probably will be resumed Redmond have been discouraged by. the recent failure to reach an agreement. The cost of living during the past year increased - by- from 30 to 50 per cent in New York* and by .25. per cent. in Chicago. The price of tinned foods, in creased by 100 per cent, beef and pork 23 per cent, flour 15 per cent, and fresh vegetables bv from 10 to 1G0 per cent. In. consequence of the reports by Mr, Fitzhugb and Ensign F. Green, not con firming the discovery of Crocker Island, in the Polar regions, a section of Con gress is urging an . investigation of Ad miral Peary's- claims to have discovered that land. It is ponsidered unlikely that an investigation will be ordered. Admiral. Caper town, commander of tho American Pacific Fleet-, says that, under the terras of the treaty between the United States and Nicaragua, the United States is considering the establishment of a naval base in the Gulf ot Fonseca, and the survey of an island suitable for tho purpose will be made in September. A telegram from Punta ^Arenas, the chief port of Costa Rica, shows that the Government of Chile have placed - a steam yacht at the disposal of Sir Ernest! Shackleton, for another attempt to reach Elephant Island, "to rescue the enen, or the scientific material, if the men have succumbed." Sir Ernest' Shackleton has made arrangements to sail in a lew days. Mrs. Hamilton Rice, formerly widow of Mr. George Widnet, who went down with the Titanic, will accompany her husband on his next exploration trip -in South America. They will leave the United States, at an early date in a palatial yacht, once owned by King Leopold II. of Belgium. ' Mr. and Mrs. Rice propose to make a thorough * exploration in small vessels of the River Amazon. America's confidence in the victory of the Allies is shown bv the purchase of the British 5 Per cent war notes, the whole of the £50,000,000 worth offered having been sold within two days. Bankers and investors like the collateral short term, and the newspapers describe this as a new record in American finance. It is expected that a further hatch of British war notes shortly will be offered. At an inquiry at Chicago into the circumstances attending the vanishing of 1,000,000 dollars, the property of an aged recluse named William Morrison, it was revealed that he had a large package of TOU's, repre senting 150,000 dollars, the majority signed by women and other habitues of the under-world. Counsel declared that during 20 years Morrison had been vic timised to the extent of over 1,000,000 dollars. The Chicago police have Leon seeking the whereabouts of Walter Stafford, who has inherited £100,000 from his brother Pierce Stafford, The police have found Walter, and he says that Pierce left 34 vears^ ago, for Australia, where be hopec} to make a fortune. Walter had u<x£ heard of him since. Walter has earned a living as a fisherman on the greaU lakes. 'He intends to devote some of the money to sailors' homes. The nolica do not know the details of the Inherit-* ance or how tho fortune was amassed. ;■ 