BEARING OF IMIGRATION- ON THE RED PLAGUE :Statistics Showing its Prevalence iw Other Parts of the World - FIRST AUSTRALIAN STATE TO PASS PROTECTIVE LEGISLATION The Act ofsWestern Australia Compels Sufferers to Seek Expert Medical Advice, and Cases Must be "Notified" tc. Western Australia attaches the credit of I being the first State of the Commonwealth with the courage to legislate on an evil worse than any other with which the health of the people is menaced, and the greater courage to admit that the special diseases are rife in the community, present in their aggravated foim, and there to he passed on, if the law did not step in and say they shall not be. The Law of the State The Act of the Western State was assented to on December 8, 1915, and some of its principal provisions may be quoted. The penalty for treatment by any other than a medical practitioner, or one acting under his instructions, is £50, or six months' imprison sment with hard labor. (Dispensing chemists operating under a permit from the Commis sioner for Health arc allowed to sell approved medicines.) Every person, within three days of becoming aware of disease, shall place blim self under treatmeht. Penalty .for breach, £20. I Sufferers shall continue under treatment till cured. In the event of a patient changing his medical adviser, he shall inform his new at tendant of the name of the preceding one. The doctor shall notify the Commissioner of all cases, not necessarily giving the names and addresses of patients. If a patient does not continue to report till cured, his doctor shall notify the Commissioner. The doctor shall formally notify the patient if his disease is in the infectiousstage, and shall warn him against contracting marriage before he is cured. On cure, a certificate to that effect shall be given. Parents or guardians. of persons under 16 liable under the Act shall exercise authority to compel compliance,. under a penalty of £10. Parents or guardians- knowing of neglect of compliance, and failing to report to the Com missioner, shall be liable to a fine of £10. Compulsory Examination Where there is suspicion (on information) that a person is suffering, compulsory examina tion .may be made,- and if there.be disease the sufferer may be detained under. warrant for two weeks for examination, and if there be infec tious disease the. detention may:be for such a period as the Commissioner thinks necessary. For knowingly affectidg another tie 'penalty is f50 or six months' hard labor. After the Quacks An important clause is -that which debars the sale of nostrums "alleged-to be curative, preventive, etc: No person shall puil~li any statemesnt which is intended by such person or any -other. person to promote -the sale of any article as a medicine, instrument, or ap pli?nce, for the alleviation or cure of any venereal disease, or disease affecting the 'generative organs or functions, or of sexual impotence, or of any complaint, or infirmity arising from or relating to sexual intercourse or of female or menstrual ir regularities. The penalty for, breach of this portion of the Act 'is £100. - ' S-'Objects of the Act I" a letter?for the February issue of. the '"Medical Journal of Australia," Dr. Athelstan. Saw,. M.D., M.L.C.; of. W.A., says: "It cannot be too strongly pointed out that the objects ' of the Act are (1) to' compel:patients to seek properly qualified medical advice and to sup press the gailek; and (2) to detain and treat in a hospital the man or. woman who wilfully OR CARELESSLY': infects :'othd-rs . -.. The' meappre was` fill: debateda nd- eve.7sdet'il Sthre ci-not is thbLeg -I1lative' Cuncil; iid qj th o';ei rjd iaituts7 wluich "tI? '. dtm tl' ihdttk' were adopted by the Assembly before the mleasure finally became law." - World Interest The treatment of venereal diseases is a mat ter of world-interest, and though this State has not legislated in the direction of making it a matter of national concern, the steps which have been taken have attracted attention outside our lines. Recently Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald. who is one. of the correspondents of the "Henry Phipps Institute" of Philadellihia, U.S.A., for the treatmnent of consumptives, received a let tfr asking for more information as to what was being done here. Mr. H. I. M. Landis. who is director of the clinical and sociological department of the institute, wrote: "You told me when I last saw you that your State was about to inaugurate a similar campaign (to that against consumption) against syphilis. I am very anxious to get your method of pro cedure, and the results you have obtained up to date." In reply Mr. Fitzgerald has postedi the directorate of the institute as to what has been done in N.S.W., and what is proposed by other States. On Labor's Platform Labor in conference has given the subject consideration, and at a recent assembly the question was considered, specifically, with the result that it was acreeda?.o?ke the matter one or natfonal concern, CSOtutl,.- - carried with that object in view, and in due course the manner of treatment of the' dread diseases will have-to be considered by the re presentatives of Labor in Parliament. Men moving in the lines of the people have full opportunities of observing the effects of the ailments, and it has been borne in on the thoughtful among them that, if sufferers are not compelled - to surrender themselves to expert treatment, there will be no check on the dissemination of maladies which will make for the contamination of the whole body of the citizenship. It is realised by these that quack treatment of the serious diseases means quack cure-which is no cure. The result of a long, and expensive course of alleged medicine, may he a patching- up and apparent check of the disease. But it is left in the system of the sufferer and, at any time, there is likely to be a re-development, while there is certain to be this at the gravest time in the life of a man -the time when he marries. With the disease sncured he passes it on, not only to the -girl he weds, but to the children she will bear. To her all the ills and troubles of her sex,. to themi a lasting heritage of impurity, a certain cause of physical weakness and inferiority, a premrature bodily and mental decay, with the final run in the race of life either for.the lunatic asylum or the. grave of the suicide-if not'the grave of the homicide. A Differing Opinion The highest authority in the State is not inclined to accept compulsory notification as an aidt to the minimising of the trouble. Nor is he of opinion direct legislation is going to do much. "What ic wanted," he says, "is a drastic Medical Act, under which only the medical profession shall treat for any ailment. Why should .venereal disease be sanctified to the profession ? Why should all diseases not be treated by men whose mrofession is to cure ? As we are, it is competent for any dispenser to treat for ailmcnts-- of which lie knows no thing at all. A ran with a. cold goes .to a chemist, who gives him a preparation. The. man may have the beginnings of consumption; another is treated for headache, and Ile may be sickening for typhoid ariother for nettle rash, and' he may be in the commencement of smallpox. " To the Highlands' '- : T"We- are not. without provision for treat- ment of" ,the disease -- At any.-:hospital.whtchl hbs tan,-autdoor;. system, sufferers fromv.tlhi specific complaint 'ray. attend -for.-treaqtmfnt. Btr we bhould go to a greater ndlstancenand. priov~ile.fortr e trtftment of sthepe in, jsonitalz "- :S/ .. . :Y . ... .r. '431tu i r ` .1 . nl ".# In Edinburgh; for instance, there ifsa.-rortio of the-hospitals set apart for caseg of the kind. Any medical student of Edinburgh will be able to explain what 'a trip to the Highlands' means. There the sufferers are kept apart, on the top floor of the buildings, and detained till cured. No one knows they are there ex cept those whose business it is to know. In Other Countries Abraham Flexner, an accepted chronicler of the progress of the movement for the mini mising of the ills attendant on the propaga tion of the disease, covers the whole of Europe in his last volume. Some of his statistics are amazing. He points out that in the hospital at Zurich of 1177 venereally diseased women but 7.9 per cent owned to being professionally immoral, 6.7 per cent. said they had no occu pation, and the balance claimed a vocation of some sort. The figures supoort the statement, previously given, of the Comptroller-General of Prisons of N.S.W., that, in his experience, the majority of those in the special wards of the gaols are first offenders against the law. A subsequent investigation at Mannheim showed over 50 per cent. of the sufferers were girls serving in one capacity or another Waitress, seamstress, laundress, actress, etc. In Hanover the percentage of non-professing im morals was 58; in Munich there were traced 2574 'clandestines"; in Rouen of 100 traced. 69 were "clandestines," "partials," etc.; in Stockholm one half of the girl sufferers were engaged in work; in North Germany the con ditions were worse. In Berlin 20 per cent. of the births are outside wedlock, in all Germany 10 per cent. The German peasant is said to have no.con ception of the meaning of chastity; in Saxony it is deliberately asserted that in some of the communities "no girl over 16 is still a virgin." These assertions are on the word of clergymen, on whom Flexner relies. "Roughly spqaking, "said a distinguished German specialist quoted by Flexner, "we may say that most German men have had the disease in its milder form, and one in five has had it in its most serious character. Instruction of Youth No recognition is given sex instruction in theI schools of Britain. "In this grave matter, so timid and divided is public opinion that I have to be practically silent, letting 'I dare not' wait-upon 'I would.' "-John Russell In "Can the School Prepare for Parenthood." In Germany a lecture on the subject may be given the last-year class in the secondary schools opening on to the University, but at tendance on the part of the pupils is optional. -There is, however, in Germany a society for tne suppression of venereal disease, and this body lectures young men. In Denmark and Norway nothing, eith sej den offers no instruction in the schools. These hold-and perhaps rightly-that the problem is one for the home. In France there is nothing taught in the schools. Where there is Legislation Under the laws of Norway (since 1860) a person knowingly infecting another is liable to three years' gaol. The same punishment is provided for conniving at infection. A person suffering from the graver form of the disease may not nurse a child; and anyone causing a child to be nursed, knowing it to be afflicted, or who, being afflicted, engages to nurse a child. is liable to six months' gaol. Free treatment is furnished any applying for it. Under the law of Denmark it is a punishable offence for a husband to infect his wife; one who unknow ingly infects another is liable for medical charges and damages. .I1i Copenhagen clinics are open, and suf ferers must attend. In -Rome treatment and cure are gratuitous; but the whole scheme is voluntary and hygienic, lacking any compulsory feature. Under the Danish system there is the right of compulsory examination in the case of women arrested. The Italian objection to com pulsory examin?tion is that it involves an in fraction of personal liberty. To this Flexner replies: "No individual's liberty can be made to in clude'the privilege of spreading-coniagion;n if'a " demonstrated method of checking. the process is known." In England there has been no . organised effort to diminish the spread of venereal, disease, nor has Switzerland taken the problem seri ously. There is little provision for the treat ment of the ailment in England, even in the teaching hospitals. In a paper read at the congress in Dublin in 1911, it was stated that in London there were 160 beds for females and 27 for males, and elsewhere in England about 70, making 250 for the whole of the Kingdom. R. W. Johnstone, in his report on venereal disease (Local Government Board, London. 1913) said : "It was held that it was unreason able to expect -subscribers to spend their.money on rescuing persons from the consequences of their sins." In Paris, Hamburg, Vienna, and Berlin the traffic .is under regulation, but the results' ap' pear of negative value. Flexner's- Conclusions "Any civilised society utilising the resources and instrumentalities that every such.society has within its reach, can, if really so minded, ultimotely reduce . . the ravages by'" direct action. It is well worth doing t is, humanly speaking, a possible undertaking. . Let us not, however, deceive ourselves into thinking that a direct frontal attack will ab solve us from further effort. Achievement de pends on alterations in the constitution of society and its component parts. "Insofar as female vice is the outcome of ignorance, only knowledge will prevail; insofar as it is the outcome of mental or moral defect, only the intelligent guardianship of the State will avail. Insofar as it is the outcome of& natural impulses, denied a legitimate expression, only a rationalised social life will really fore-' stall it. Insofar as it is- due to alcohol, to illegitimacy, to broken homes, to bad homes, to low wages, to wretched industrial conditions -to any or all of the particular phenomena respecting which the modern conscience is be coming sensitive -- only a transformation wrought by education, religion, science, sani tation, and enlightenment and far-reaching. statesmanship can effect a cure.* Our attitude cannot embody itself in a special remedial' or regressive policy, for in this sense it must be - dealt with as part of the larger social problems with which it is inextricably entangled. "Civilisation nas stripped for a life-and death struggle with tuberculosis, alcohol, and' other plagues. It is on the verge of a similar - struggle with the crasser forms of commer cialised vice: "Sooner or later it must fling down thebo gauntlet to the whole horrible thing.. This - will be the real contest--a contest that will : the resources of humanity to their utter most:' 