THE WAR. THE BALKANS. SUCCESSFUL AIR .RAID. GREEK FORT OCCUPIED. London, Jan. I0.-A Salonika message states that the Allies' marines have occupied the Greek fort on Karaburnu Peninsula, which the Greek commander evacuated after protest. - A m~esago from Salonika states that French aeroplaneu made a magnificent raid on the Ger man-Bulgarian camp at Phzarli, north-west of Lake Doiran. The troops were in a stato ,f panic. The damage done was considerable, and all the machines returned unscathed. The "Observer" correspendent at Athens says the Allies have hinted to Greeco that it would be in her interest to demobilise in view of ap proaching developments. London, Janl. 30.-The Paris "Matin" states that the Italians in Albania have definitely junctioned with Esead Pasha's forces, and are fortifying Valona and elsewhse.e, in order to bar the enemy's advance. ROUMANIA'S ATTITUDE. The Berlin "'Tageblatt's" Sofia correspondent says that four-fifths of thie Roumanians fit for oservice are under arms, the majority being along the Roumano-Bulgarian frontier, while the troops on thie lessarabian frontier had not received exceptional reinforcements. The bulk of the Roumanian heavy artillery is along the frontiers of Bulgaria and Hungary. The En tento PowFers do tcbt conceal their expectation rhat when the much-advertised general offen sire begins Iloumania and Greece will be forced to join the Entente. 'We ought, therefore, says the orrespiondent, to request Roumania for an explanation of her attitude. "WON BULGARIA'S HEART." H. Lizoff (Bulgarian Minister in Berlizi), in an interview in the "Koluischo Zeitung," says the Germcin Emperor has won Bulgaria's heart. Thei Emperor has presented to Bulgaria the en liro'German booty in Servia, including I00 guns adl' material valued at 85;000,000 marks (about £11,700,000). He fearied that the Entento Powers would compel Greece to submit to their behests, but if things came to, the worst the Quadruple Alliance was powerfula enough to subjugate Greece' . An Austrian commusique says: Inclusive Cf Loecen, the booty includes - 314 guns, 50,000 rifles, and 50 machine guns. MR. LLOYD GEORGE. CONFIDENT'OF VICTORY. The Milan "Secolo" was accorded an inter view by Mr. Lloyd George, who said: "I am satisfied with what we are doing. VWe have 2500 factories, employing 1,500,000 men and 250,000 wnomen. We are satisfying not only the re cuiremnents of our own army, but supplying the Allies, particularly Russia. French journalists have inspected our factories. The Russians and Itcdlians will inspect them shortly. I am per fectly oonlfident of victory, because the Allies at last are taking coUnsel together. France, IRussia, and Italy hlad to reorganiso their ar mies. We had to create a now one. We have three millions under arms, and by the spring will have a million more." Asked as to the possibility of thie war ending in a military deadlock, Mr. Lloyd George said: "That wsould not be the end. Victory must be real and cral. The pressure on the enemy :" becoming b eater. They are spreading their frontiers temporarily, but weakening the mili tary. Hence the process of strangulation 1s elow, but sure. ' The Central Emijires have lost the opportunity for victory and know it. It is a grim struggle, but the enemy is on the down rade. VWe may make mistakes, but we never give in." LABOUR AND WAR. The Labour Conference passed a resolution oy c largo majority favouring labour representa tives remaining in the coalition government. A resolution was also passed demanding dras tic revision of the Munitions Act to prevent the war being used as a pretext for greater coercion of labour, also demanding for labour a general share of responsibility in the man aogemecnt of controlled establishments. Mr. F. W. Jowett, M.P., moved a resolution insisting on Parliamentary control of the for eign policy, and opposing'the transfer of terri tory without tile consent of the inhabitants, and urging a drastic redyction of armamena as part of any peace settlement. Afterr an ariimated debate tho 'niotin \ians ne gatived by 1,045,000 votes 'to 608,000. The Conference unanimously adopted the t depeideont Labour Party's resolution in favour of covering the cost,of the warv is far as poe siblo out of current revenue, the money to be raised by heavier graduated taxation, includ ing a special tax: on land values, as increasso m estite duties, a' graduated takation tipon capi tal, and the State acquisition of railways, mines, shipping, banking, and insurance. ADMIRAL 3EATTY'S VIEWS. Rear-Admiral Sir David Beatty,'in a letter o the Society for the Promotion of Chiistian Knowledge, says:--Surely God does not iistend this war, to be a blood-drunken orgy. There must bh a purpose in it. An improvement mnsit be the' outcome. Irance has ehown the way w?ithe a wonderful revival of religionl ESimi arly Russin; bet England renaiins tocbosid olt of the 'stupor of sc!f-soatisfaction and cdiiplic-. cency ihto which her flourishing condition stceped her. Until stirred out of this condi tion and a religious revival occurs, just so long will the war continue. WVsen she looks to the futuro with humbler eyes and pra er on her lipe we can bigin to count the days towards the end." SWITZERLAND. :A Zurich inessage states that':fdiilar riots have ecdurred ant the German Coseiato at Lasisanno. The mriilitary have occupied the town. S WESTERN FRONT. ENEMY ATTACKS. Londsn; Fan:. 30.--A Paris 5ornmnnique tate,: Th6 anbmy, after a violent bombard neat, attacked several kilometres of our'front .outh of the Somme. The assault completely 'ailed, except at the village of Frise (overlook ng the Somme). The enemy's attack for the ;senht has been stopped. In our first counter .lickc we re-occupied" some of the lost tren .:ha.' Several German bttacks in the Attois -e 'ion were repulsed w-itli heavy loss. Our heavy guns set fire to a magazine in Fecht Valley, causing many explosions. Westward of Hill 140 we continued to re-occupy elements of tihe aptisred trenches, and liberated 50 French 'sol diers, swho were taken prisoners on Friday. We repulsed attempts to retake two craters south sdaid of La Fofie-road. , General Siir Douglas ?nig reports that the Germans, under cover of a heavy rifle and .Ir tillery fire4 attempted an infantry attack ns our salient, north-east of Loos, but were driven back. After a heavy bombardment the eneuoy entered some saps near Carnoy, but were driven out early in the morning. They aba'n doned some dead and wounded. We reialsed bombing attacklrs' at the Iulluch quarries and near Givenchy. Shelling about Loos has been heavy, but has now somewhat diminished. Our artillery replied vigorously, and carried out the bombardment at other points, considerably damaging the trenches. GERIMANS IIOOTED.. Crowds who were watchling Anglo- French pri soners pasing through Liego hooted the GOer man guards, and cheered England and France. The Germafs charged the crowds with fixed bayonets, and dispersed them. A GERMAN CLAIM. AoGerman communique states: North-west of Napoli Farin, which is northil-east of Neuville, we stormed the enemy trenches over 1700 yards. i securing ninie machino guns. We captured a souspension bridge near Arras, and captured Frise"villagd. WeVo also took 1000 yards of the adjoining trenolches,' and secured 937 prisoners, 13 machine guns, and four 'ine-throwers. It is reported in lotterdam that a new base has been established at Zeebrisgge for adaihplane and Fokkers. A OILAWAY SENSATION. a strange affair is reported at the Great Cene tral Railwny.. A girl named Violet Reynolds, 18 years of age, was returning honbo by tbohe mnid night train from Mnrylebonac, when a soldier jumped into the compartment as it was mov ing out. She was frightened at the soldier's manner after the train left Nortshwood, and opened the door and clambered out on to tlie footboard. She remembers no more. When the train stopped at Ricklmansworthl tie officials found' the carriage door'open and the woms n s comb on the floor. They searched the line andi fouhd theo girl wandering about in a dazed state. On a further search being made in day light the soldier's body was found, and near by was the girl's bag. He had been lodging at Iichmanswortlh since October, and attended the cbrroboreo at Caxton iall on Wednesday. An inquest was opened, and adjourned until Februnry 14. The girl Reynolds states that the soldier suddenly rushed across tlie carriage and knocked her down. HIo put his thumb on her nostrils and fingers under her chin, to prevent her shduting. She wrenched away her hand, shrieked, and 'grasped the handle of the door, lwhich flew open. She clung to the strap and hung over the side, seemingly for some minutes. She does not remember any more. When she Fell she bIst h'r memory for some time, as the result of tho shock. The landlady with wbhom tile soldier had been lodging at Rickmansworth described him as quiet, nice, and most regular in his habits. ARMED MERCHIANTMEN. AMERICAN NUTE; Washington, Jan. 30.-The United States Go vernment has notified all European Gaovern ments that merclantmen in the future must not carry any armament. If guns are found on board merchantmen, they will be denied en trance to American ports. Mr. B. Lansing (Secretary of State for Ameri ca), in a Note to tlhe belligerents, notifies the Powers that unless they subscribe to the fol lowing principles armed merchantmen may be denied entry into American ports, except on the conditions applying to warships:-(1) A bel ligerent merchantman has a right to relyon iho rules of international law and hlumanify; '12) A mnerchantman of any nationality is not to ye subject to an attack without warning; (3) A. belligerent merchantman should promptly obey an order to stop; (4) A merchant ship should not be fired on unless she tries to resist. Evenc then the attackl should cease directly the flight or resistance ceases; (5) Sinking is justified only if it 'is impossible to supply a prize crow. in that case passengers and crew must be removed to safety. Mr. Lansing adds that, in view of the extensive use of submarines, shich arnmed merchantmen sar able to attack, there is grave doubt if it is legal for merchant ships to carry any arnamient. Hie therefore asks thie Powers to make the above declaration, on condition that their enemies malke similar declarations. MR. 1 FSPER. INTIERVIEWED IN PARIS. P'aris, Jan. S0.I-The British Chamber of Conm merce entertained Mr. Andrew Fidsheor (High Commissioner for Australia) at luncheon at the Hotel Rita. The "Daily Chronicle's' Paris correspondent says that Mr. Fisher, though greyer than in 1911,,has the same upright, wiry, virile figure. He seemed to bring into the old European world the breath of healthy air. His coming reminds us that Australia has given thousands of her best lives, not for the love of warfare, but because she cannot tolerate menace to tihe old home. Mr. Filsher, nwho was interviewed in Paris, said thle war Ihad not materially interfered with Australia commercially. The oversea trade was determined more by seasons than wars. Tlhe diminotion of transports lessened ths exports, but prices were higher. Australia was not grumbling on tlhe score of. trade. She had io great embarrassments financially, thanks to the British Government's help, supplemented l:y reserve national note issue, and the co- opera tion of private banks. The prfce of living had advanced, but not more than in other coun tries. "Australia's spirit sinc thle war," he said, "has been splendid. There is no thought but to see the Old Country through. One needs to go to thle Coloniaes to see what patriotism means. Tliero is no end to volunteers. They come from shleep fartis and the backblocks eagor to enlist. Thousands hasv gone, thous ands are os the way, and more are preparing Australia is all right." A UNITED PEOPLE. A representative of the Australian Press As sociation also had an interview in Paris with Mr. Fisher, who said:--"Anistralians look upon it as being as much their war as Britain's. since it was provoked by an attack on a self governing people. Perhaps there are 50,000 German-born citizene in Australia, quita good Australians, many of whomn left their birth place because they could not tolerate it politi cal oonditions. IFor that matter I would not give a half-penny for the sort of man who is easily indoaei to fighst against thle land of his birth. The spirit of equality and adventure in Australian life hIas Ihelped recruiting, which hIas been wonderful. Our women have done their part. Thero are no doubts about carry itg on the war. We are rertain when Austra lian opinions are expressed they will be heard, and when heard will be considered. We do not wish to criticiso or question the acts of those responsiblo for carrying on the war. Some. day we may have something to say, but the time has'not yet come when matters incidental to theo warcan be discussed. At important poiL., ", ily is usually consulted. . whilte we 'e with England to the. end v ase, money,' heart, and arms." Asked about the economic effects of the wor in Australia, he said; "So far they are not serious. Theo debt has been increased, but money has been raised without difficulty." Questioned. regarding the future and the moveminent for economic agreement against our chnmics, he sehid: "No doubt there will be a flow of, people to the distant Dominions. 1 am sure Australia and New Zealand will receive immigrants with open arms and give them every possible opportunity. Regarding trads agreeme!lte tllere will be a new heaven and a new earth afto' thile War. All our financial pro phets have been deceived by what hfna happes id. No mortal can tell what condlitions mav arise." 'IIe emphasised the need for good facili ties for travel, which would personally acquaint Britons with colonial conditions. lto laid stress on the importanco of a cheap cable service vs tho most.valuable tie between the mother coun try and Dominions. Ito was cordially gratified at Sir George Reid's entry into the louseo of Commons. PARIS. 'ZEr PELIN RAID. Paris, Jan: 30.--Tho Prefect of Police at a quarter to 10 o'clock on Satutrlay night enfor ced the measures prescribed in ease of an air raid. The city was plunged in darkness, fire men traversing the principal streets with bells and bugles in order to warm the citizens. With in a few minutes the outlines of a squadron of. aeroplanes entrusted with the protection of Paris wore discerned in the sky, searchlights lighting up in all directidons. About 10 o'clock tiero were several loud repirts, and it was as certained that a Zeppelin had thrown bombs There were a number of victims. Disregarding the warning to take cover crowds rushed into the boulevards, and eagerly watched the skies. -The numbers increased at 11 o'clodk, when the theatres were emptied, for nowhere was a single programme interrupted as a result of the alarm. A thick mist hung over the city at a height of 2000ft., diminishling the penetrative power of the searchlights and hampering the work of the anti-aircraft guns. The purring of the aeroplanes chasing the Zeppelin could be distinctly heard. The Zep poelin, which was flying at a great height, was fired upon as it disappeared. PTh victims at one point numbered 15. Else where a man, three women, and two children seore killed. Others were killed by the collapse of a house. One bomb killed several people and caused damago to property. TIhirtee boabs were dropped. Nine houses Caere wrecked. Seven persdns were killed, the majority in their hIouses. No one was killed in the streets. Twenty-two persons were in jured. Pite bombs were most powerful. One rooted lp and hurled a tree 20 yards to the roof of a building. Another cut 15 persons. This morning it was announced that the raid had ended. A poli'co officer and his wife wore among the killed. The 15 mentioned included somec of those who wa ere killed. THET BLOCKADE. IMPORITANT ADM5ISSION. London. Jan. 30.-A Zurich messagc says that Count Tisza, the Hungarian Premier, in an ar ticle in a Bludapelst newspaper, says that Eng land, by remaining fliistress of the sea, has stopped the Central Powers carrying on over ssee connuere-even tihe passage of foodstuufs through neutral countries. Count Tisza adds: "It is mainly through England's cold, calculat ing, cruel policy that a condition of thingos which formerly applied to beleaguered towns is now applied to 150,000,000 people." It is officially stated that 142 tons of menat were found aboard the steamer Stockhlolh. The meat was originally entered on tie slohip's mani fest, but had been struck out, aind was not re presented in the bill of lading. As the British Consul sealed thie hatches at New York the al teration in the manifest arouses a suspicion of fraud. MUNITIONS. SParis, Jan. 30.-Aa commission, consisting cf Mr. Lloyd George (Minister for Munitions), Mr. Bonar Law (Secretary of State for the Col oies), General Sir William II. Robertson, and eaasrs. J. P. Du Cane, A. II. Lee (Unionistl, and J. J. Macpherson (Liberal), members of the lIouso of Commons, arrived to confer with B. Thomas (Frencs h Minister for Munitions) se garding'thi speeding up of the output of maunli tions, and a closer"co- operation with regard ro production. Mr. Lloyd George and hIis colleagues attend.ed two meetings, one at thie Ministry of War, withl members of tihe General Staff, and the other with arilery experts, for the purpose of fram ing a common arsmaments programme for the Allies. EMBARGO ON IMPORTS. London, Jan. 30.--Mr. Walter Rtunciman (Pre sident of Board of trade) presided at sixteen im portaut trades.conferences during the week, and was worling far into each night deciding the details on the proposed embargo on imports. ' t is expected that a proclamation regarding paper, building materials, and wood will be issued in a few days, and a second, dealing with fruit and tobacco, within a fortnighlt. The "Daily Mail" states that dll fruit will I- prohibited, except bananas, and the consuulp tion restricted to home-grown. The Board of Trade is determined that merchants with ac cumulated stocks will not bb allowed an s, tortionata profit. VESSELS BOMBED. A Turkish communique claims that aoro planes bombed a monitor in Kephalos Bay, causing a fire aft. They pursued the monitor towa?-s Imbros, bombing three destroyers com ing to her assistance. One of these was hit. The aeroplanes also dropped bombs on a big transport in Kephalos Bay. IN GERM:ANY. SERlIOUS POSITION. The Berlin "Post" deplores the financial situation and the Government's policy of con cealment. It declares that it will be a great mistake if the people are not gradually ac quainted with the position, which is terrifying. But few people hIave any idea how serious t is, and even thie highest .thinkable indemnity will not prevent stupliendous additions being necessary in thelo next Budget. T?E RUSSIANS. FUlTHTEII VICTORIES. London, Jan. 30.-A Petrograd communique sttes:--oWe defeated a large number of Turk ish forces south of Lake Urmia, taking saany prisoners. We also drove the enemy soutlh wards in the neighbourhood of Kandelian I'Puss. A later message says:--\Vo crushed the Turkish column west of Melaygerd, capturisng mnny prisoners and much munitions and material. Weo pursued the fugitives, andi entered IKhyry sknlaka (betwcen Erzerumr and Mlush), close on his heels, capturing more prisoners rand great reserves of munitions and supplies. The T'lurks are flereing towards Msush. Amsterdam, Janl. 80.--An Austrian, cons munique states: We capltured a number of ad vanced Russian trenches at Toporoutz (IBeas arabia). It is reported from Petrograd that a firo has been raging for sevceral days at Vilna. All the wooden quarbers lrlve been consumed. 'MESOPOTAMIA. It is officially announced that General Sir Percy Lake has joined General Aylmer on the Wadi. The weather is badl, the whlale country being deep in mud. Thie movemnents of tihe troops are attendrled with much dlilliculty. lir. Edmundl Candler, official press representa tive with tile Bri'ishl forces in Mesopotamia, states tihat some of the Indian clstingent are arriving in Mlesopotamia from Fianders. TIHE SENUSSI. The Senussi sustaiined ieavy losses on the 23rd, which has discouraged thlem. They are dce serting and returnirng east. GERMAN ALLEGATION. Thie Press Bureau has is-sued, with, the Brit ish reply, German's communsicatioin, thlroughl Mr.. J. \\\W. Gerard (American Amassllnrldor is, Ilerlin), complaining of alleged cruelty by Brif ish troops in tying a rwoundedlcl German soldlier to a tree fronling the trenches at Aubers, be tween March 15 gnd 22, andl firing when at tempts were made to rescue. Viscount French's reply states llat a full in vetigation provcedl thlere wais rno ill-treatsment in any direction. On the consrinry tlire lavarinn wosnded were heroically brought in by the Brit ish under fire of the Prussianrs, who for two. days made no effort to rescue their wounded countrymen. BlITISH' LOSSES.. Mr. Asquith, in a written answer to a ques tion, says that up to January 9 5318 officers and 802,130 men had be6n-killed; 10,217 officers and 248,990 wounded; and 1691 ofmicers and 52,344 men were missing in France. One thousand seven hundred and forty-five officers and 20,455 men 1had been killed, 3143 offliecrs and 74,952 men woundled, and 353 officers and 10.001 men wero missing at the 'Dardanelles. Nine hundred and eighteen offllicers ntld' 11,752 men liid been killed, 810 officers and 15,155 men were wolnded, and 101 otlicers and 2656 men were missing in other theatres of tlhe war. PRITAIN'S FINANCIAIL SITUATION.' Sir Edward Iolden, chairman of the London City and Midland Blank, Ltd., in a remarkable anllysis of the financial situaltion, says that Iondon is still thle borrowing ant0 gold centre of the world. Thile pound sterlipg never had to carry such a load as at preseint, and it hind nturallraly declined in value, in accordance with the law of supply and dcemalrid. IBut whille the excahango valuel in New York Ilhad deiolrrc ted 1.9 per cent., in Ifolland 10.3, in Spain 0.6, anti in Scantlinavia 3.0, it had enormously appreci (ted elsewhere. The poun0 d was above par in Paris by 10.8, in Italy by °5.4, and in Petrograd by-t9.7. The lrdecline in Iolland was due to our lhaving exportedl there durling tilthe year only £17,C0I,000 worth of goods, while we Ihave imported £28,500,000. We could readjust that by sending gold to Holland, bat it might find its way to Germalny. 'The lank of England had £50,6U0,000 in gold, and thle Government £28,500,000. ThIle joint stock banks also held nlarge sums, while thlere wasn i continuolus flow from South America. ANGLO-ITALIAN CONFERENCE. IlThe Romeo Tribuna states that Baron Mayor des Planches, formerly Italian Ambassador at Constantinople, is going to London to discuss grave anId argent economie questions, necessita ting an Anglo-Italian agreement. AUSTRALIA WARINED. London, Jan. 30.-The Neuesto Nachrichten (BeRrlin) says that the Australians are obvione ly endeavouring to outdo the gentlemen in Lon don in the stealing and plundering of private property. It describes the barring of German shareholders as "the latest atrocity," and says the British colonies will one day Iitterly repent it. In the present robbery they struckl the heaviest blow at thleir own future prosperity. AMlERICA. MUST BE PREPARED. President Wilson, in an important apeech, made a strong plea for the military prepared ness.of tlhe United States. Re emphlasised how he had struggled to keep peace, butt the libeert and lhonour of the nation were more iloportant. No admitted in his message to Congress he bad said the need for preparedness was not pressing, but heo had learned much in the- meantime. Americans hadl a deep-seated passion for peace, but were readly to fight any time for the vindica tion of tlheir character and lonouer. They would at no time cravenly avoid ai contest. They would rather -surrender territory then ideals. Ie de sirrd to emphasise that thie ellcumstances of the world to-day were not what they wcere yester day. "I cannot tell you," he added, "what the in ternational relations of the United States will" be to- morrow, and use thie word literally, and I do not dare to keep silent and let the coun try supposo that to-morrow is certain to be as bright as to-day. America will not be the ag gressor, but America does not control the cir cosmstances of tile itorld. We must be sure we are faithful errvants of those things we love, and be ready to defend them." The New York Tribune's Washington corres pondent says that great inportance is attributed to P?riesident Wilson's speech. It is interpreted as a direct warning to Count Bernstorff. Washington correspondents generally regard the -speech as the last warning to Count Bern storff that Germany must give sotisfaction for the sinking of the Lusitnia. President Wilson's speech has caused a sensa tion in Europe. Tlhe general impression in New Ylork is tlhat President Wilson is anxious to erase the memory of hIis oini phrase, "America is to proud to fight," whichl is being continu ally thrown in the face of Americans in all parts of the world. It is reported from Madrid that two Spanish vessels were sunk by mines lwhich were omoored far outside territorial waters in theb Biy'of Bis cay, probably by Germtan submarines. SUBMARINE WAR. - Copenhalgen, Jan. 30.-A German submarine captured lhe Danish steamer Vidar, which was carrying provisions for England. The boat was convocyedl to Swinenomundo (Germansy). ALLIED AIR RAID. London, Jan. 30.-A German communiqoue nentions a noctural raid ait Freiburg, at the mstuth of the Elbe, this being the first noctur nal raid by the Allies. Later telegrams show that the air iaid was directed against Freiburg, in Baden, and not on the Elbo. It was meant as a reprisal for the aeropplne attack on Dover. Freiburg was crowded, in celebration of the Ger Isan Emperor's birthdiay, and the thleatro was packeld. It is oflicially announced that the Freiburg raid was conducted by a dirigible, which dropped 38 bombs on the railway station and military establishmenis ts, causing serious damage. GERMAN EMIPEROR. PL(YI' AGAINST HIS LIFE. Paris, Jan. 30.--The German Emperor is abandoning hIis josurney from Nish to Constan tinople. This is due to the discovery of a plot against his life. Sir Abu Dailey intends raising, rquippig, and transporting I00 South African sharpshooters foer serivco in Europe. London, Jan. 28.-The Agents- General at a sieoting decided to definitely inquire the Bri tish Government's intentions with regard to the Australian fruit trade. It is believed that Australian fruit will come forward normally. Ilritain has not cancelled arrangements for ships. The agitation is increasing protesting against tihe closing of the museums andl picture gallor ies, particularly the British Museum. The newspapers point out that many1 Australian, New Zealasnd, and Canadian soldiers are now visiting London for the first and perhaps the only timoe. The Weekly Dispatch says that the taxation of theatres, music halls, and cinema palaces will be one of the features in the next Budget. The Treasury will not accedo to the Stock Exchange committee's request to remove tihe mtinimum prices of all stocks, but will allow their renioval from Colonial Government securi ties and certain others on 2lth instant. 