CURRENT NEWS. WEATHER FORECAST. The following forecast for Now South Walets was issued last night by the Com monwealth DlvJsioonal Motoomrlogist: Still' squally and showery, with die turbed Eeas on the north const; otherwise floe and becoming milder generally, with winds veering to the north-east; cloudy condltione, with shoWort shortly op proaching the west. Jnmes English, 19 yearo lid, of Roclny Point-road, Kogarah, collapsce and died It the Legar Reserve at Randwlck on Saturd?ay, Immediately after the running of the Novice Hlandicap. Mr. C. II. Davis, the secretary to the Federated Mine Employpes° Asociation, states that there is a possibility of early settlement of the Industrial dispute at Hill Etnd, under which a number of miners lbd been nut for some weeks. Mr. J. SCantlobury, representing the employers, li about to visit the district. J.nt'es Glleepie, of Brisbate-street, tydney, had bath hisl logs badly crushed o?n aturtrly night. at Waverley, and was subsequently admitted to St. Vlncont's HIspitnl. IIt had alighted from a tram, snd while cndeavouring to avoid another car travelling in the. opposite direction, he stepped under the wheels of the first Mr, Iugh Duff, thle founder of the firm of Illugh Duff and Company, auctioneers and laud agents, died at his home, at 3hatswood, on Saturday, aged 56 years. .Mr. DuRf had been ll for about five weeks, and diled of heart failure. He was p son of Mr. 'John Duff, for many years com piler of statistics for thle Stato, and Vwas bhorn n i b0. Mr. John Andrews has been selected as the Labour candidate to contest Aminl dole at the next gonoral' olectlons. lie is a vice-presldont of the Western branch of the Australian Workers' Union, and was for many.years engaged in organlislog worh for that body. A young man between 25 aln 30 yearo of age was killed by a tram in Cleveland street, Sydney, last night. lie was on a ear proceeding towards Coogee, 1'hen he got up to give a lady his seat, and was thrown ost on to the other line, and was badly mutilated by a city-bound tram. Illln name is believed to be Campbell Pratt, lately living in St. lMark's-road, landwick. A letter with tlhat address was foundl in his pocket. Thie strike of storemen anld npackters em ploycd by Sydney wholesale grocers is over. Tile men will rosumno work under the old conditions, but fronm .ne 1 thley will g'cl a wceekly increase of 4s. I he new agreemcelt will enstre increasos that will bring the owelekly rate.for storomtn up to 12 ]3s 6t, and that for pachera up to £3. lThers will be proportionate increases for. foremen and youthl. The ralts now gran ted were Obtained by tile ment sonme time ago unildoer an ward, bht'on appealt by the employers they were reducod. Popuolatlon statistics just issued ehow that during thie llquarter ended December 31Lst New South Wales lost poplatlion to tne otynct of 9560 souls. Tile movement of people between New South Wales and the olther parts of the Commonwealth gave thil State an advant:age of 34l!1. There were losses, made up o0 excesses of dupnrtures over arrivals of 70 by sea lantd 26S3 by land to Victoria, 837.to 'Tansmaia, 1400 to New Zealand, 82 to Canada, 12 to FIli, 15,405 tQ other British Possessions, 22 to the United States, and 46" to other foreign countries. While there was a gain, ownlg to excess of arrivals over depar tures, of .115 by sea from South Australia, New South VWales lost 3221 by land to that State. The other gains were :--From Queensland 2761 by sea and 9322 by land, Itrom West Austlralia 1536, from Northcrn Territory 16, from the United Kingdom 72i, from gouth Africa 38., from GlIna 63, from Japan 20, from the South Sea Islands, 16,. and from the Federal capital territory 689. ThIe total arrivals in the State durino the qioarter were 107,015, and the total dopar tures.l17,1,S4. Tile selected and nomlndited immigrants numbered 3·45 (127. males and 215 femalesl. A statement preparedl by the authorlties of the Royal Prince Alfred HIospital, Syd ney, gives prominence to tlhe development of the various bIranehcs of work In the institution since its establslment 33 years ago. From 1085 to 1915 thle num ber of beds was increased from 146 to 392, thoughl the numher remained stationairy at 230 during tlhe years between 1895 and 1903\. During the five years between 1.190)5 10 the total of in- patients Jumped from 22ff to 57932, while durilg 1915 the num ber of in- patients .treated was 7053. In the same year there were -150 deaths, as compared with 21lI in 1i85. In 30 years the avernge number of patients in dally resldence increased from 138 to 380. Thie table reveals the following percentage of mortallty:--1YS, 1.2.12; 1890, 10.07; 1295, 8.360; 200, 11.50: 1.05, 9.3; 2190, 5.2; 1915, 5.8.: Frrtm 1885 to 1915 operations jlump ed from -105 to 4-19. The statement lays stress on the fact that Ihe Ilgures relat Ing to cured and relieved patients show that they have steadily advanced, whIlle in the lmrelleved class the figures save ,declined, and this applied even more par ticularly to the deaths. The tendency to-day was for people to seek the treat ment of hospitals more than ever. ttr. IIall. State Attorney-General, was quetiotnled st esterday regarding the resolu lion passed by the .Labour Cohferoence in favour of fulIl citlzen rights for women. "ThIle Government," he said, "fully isym pathiscsa with the demands being madeo by women to remoove existing disablities. As a matter of fact, I have already In draft a bill whiclh will enable woolnen to have theb same rights to slt,in tile State Legls nlatlvo Assembly, or to be nomlinated to the State lagislative Councll, or oeoupy seats in thle City Council, as already ex tend to men. Unfortunately this Sbtate is behind Victoria and thle other States in the matter of admission of wolnon to the legal profession. I have always believed that a wonan should have just no 'mchl rilhit to become a solicitor or barrister as to ltecome a doctor. It In, however, aslslng too much of those who control the questlon of admission of persons to these pIrosfesolls to expect them to maklte an al teration in this connection. I'have long reognlsed it is but a fair thing thlat legia lution dealingc with this problcm,eand with the lesser one regarding women's rights to ettain to nmagisterial positions, should be dealt with by legislation. The cnllgcst ed state of business duriss.the last s?es ston of Parlianment nmde it quite .imlpos slble to Introduce these measures with any chance of success. They will, how ever, be brought forward In the near fu tlro, and will n-, doubt receiveo the warm support of all sides of the IloUso." Sir John Matdden, the Chief Justice of Victoria, was the principal speaker at a meeting held In the. town hall, Melbourne, In connection with the Anzaee Day cele brations. He said that while there were various ways of commemorating the feats at Anzae, the most fitting way was to re inforce the ranks of the Anzae soldiers remaining wherever they were fighting. The honour of Australia hung In the bal ance, so long as any battle remained to be fougbt. All eligible soldiers should assume the noble uniform -hlch was for noble deeds. Great Britain had done mag nificently. Still more men woere needed. It was for Australians to do their full share. Some weore saying that if there was conscrptlion of mon there should also be comecrlption of wealth. Wihat dlid they mean ? Had they realised what had boeen done ? Australia had provided £51,000,000 for theb war during the past eighteen months. In addition, very much more money ihad been gathered In taxation for war purposes. Should there be any reluc tance on the part of the people to supply money, thle Parliament had full power to take every farthing that was needed. Con scription of wealth was a mere plhrase a ibhng that was unreal. Senator Givens, the President of the Senate, said that some foollsh people had stated that in thlls war the worlking man had nothing toI fight for. That was a doctrine which he had never recognied, and to which he would never subscribe. The workling man hIad everything that was worth -living for to fight for. It wcs unfair that some fami lies should send, perhaps, aix members to the war, while other families had made no contribution at all. The American ship Dunsyre arrived at Sydney on Saturday, and, according - to her calrtaln, she has made some evenlltful voyages since she was last in Australian waters. After having discharged her Australian cargo at San Francisco the Dunsyro loaded for Stoclkholm, but did not reach her destination. Captain Smith, master of the vessel, said on Saturday that as soon as the sailer entered the Baltic she was held up by five German destroyers, and the sdmiral boarded her, authorisng his men to make a thorough search for contraband, but nothing was found. Though tile cargo was declared to be clear. tile Dunsyre was towed into Swlnemunde, and unloaded, the Germans aying tlsht they must have the lot, be enllse foodstuffs were urgently needed. They paid the full price for the shipment, and also tihe uost of discharging. That was gladly done, because, it is said, the Dulnsyre's cargo was just what was want ed. After the iunloading had been com pleted the Germans kept the ship In port for over six weeks, and then sent her away In ballast. Just before setting out again It was learned that the Germans were of the opinion that the vessel was bound for Russia. The Dunseio Is not the onl' ship that met with such a fate, all neutral steamers, particularly those carrying oil through the Baltle, beIng sublject to a closo examination. Owing to the mining of the whole of the Danish coast, and the extinction of all lights on the way to Sweden, only a narrow chan nol Is left for the use of marlnors, and tlhat in how the Germans catch so many unsuspeor.ting frelghters. The enemy knows Just what course a vessel will take, and act accordingly. When the Dunsyre was sailing from Texas for Als trails, she collded with an oil steamer, and both vessels were damaged. Th e ship was delayed for ton days for repoairs, and the oil steamer longer than that. The Dunsyro brought 75,000 cases fat oil to Sydncy, The weather was fine at Newcastle yes terday, the maximum shade temperature being 6C degrees. In the morning the wind was from the south-east, and in the afternoon from the soutll. The Comnmonwealth Arbitration Court will probably sit at Cobar within the month. The union in putting forward a case for the raising of the mlners',rates somewhat altia to those that now prevail at Broken tIlll. The 11th Infantry Regiment Band, un der Sergeant Oliver, played a programme Oa music on Shortinnd Pare last nirht. Aul the selections were caiably rendered, and a collection was taken up for the New Castle Hospital. Mr. Robert J. Jamlcson,. who for the past twelve years has been manager at Nerwcastle for the Liverpool, London, and ilobe Innernve Company, Limited, has recovered his health, and remains nn offi car of the company, although he does not propose to return to Newcastle. Come time ago Mr. Jamleson's health failed, and the directorstof the company gave him twelve monthls' leave of absence, and the holiday has had a very beneficialn effect Mr. F. II. Kelly sends the following weather foreeast:-"The rain storm is moving off, and it is becoming fine gcner ally, except for some clearing showers on parts of the eonst, chiefly north of New catlle. FogS Ilikely on the central coast, some frost on the hlgllands, and light, variable winds tending northerly in the west, under the influence of a new Ant arctic storm now developing in the West ern Bigllt." Speakinc at a welcome tendered to a retuirned soldier at Rozelle on Saturday Mr. Wade, tle leader of tbe State Iberal party, saidl that while the people wel comend the soldiers on their return, and gave them many presents, there was a further obligatfon, which must not be lost slght of. That was to increase the fighting force. If tile voluntary system failed to keep up the required strength, then those who were hanging behind would be compelled by the law of the country to take their places in the tir. Ing line. It should not be that.men would have to he compelled, because there should be sumalent loyalty for them to go of their own accord. A survey of foodtl prices, issued recently by the Dominion Department of Labour, Ishows that the cost of living during 1915I was sliglhtly greater than during 1911. In Canada the coast of a week's supply of thirty staplle foods for the average w,aork ingl man and family rose from 7,97dol. in 1914 to S.13dol. In 1915, an increase of only I cents (about Sd). Coal and wood were slightly lower last year than in n1914. and rents declined, especially in the West. The report also alludes to the remarkable freedom of the Dominion from inadustrial disputes. When the report was issued, there were only three minor strikes in all Canada, the employees iaffected being under 200. A successful entertatomont was glven to the members of the Australian Garrl son Artillery at Fort Scratchley on Friday night. Songs were rendered by Messrs. H. Hogan, W. Lashmcre, J. Shield, Alex. Smith, and Will. Atlkinson, and specially turns contriblted by Messra Nichoi Brothers (magicians). Bert Terry (Juggler), E. Cullon (ventriloquist), and Zoppl and Atkinson, the lastmentioned two preoentlng a comedy act that was one of the slccesses of the entertainment. Mr. W. Cohen, In hise packing-case myn tory, also contributnd an interesting turn. Quartermaster-sergeant Coles was cho.eir man. Miss Mona Mitlton was the accom panist. The piano was lent by Mess's. Beanle and Company. A comparative snalyslt of the accounts of fourteen of the leadlng Brltiah Joint estockl banks, which ihas been compiled by Mr. H. W. Birks, a well-known landon bankter, discloses that during last year the working resources of the institutions unu der notice increased by £92,263,000 to £932,724,000. Total capital was unchanged, and reserves, owing pilnelpally to the large sumes appropriated for writing down Investments, remnained almost stationary, at £25,150,000. In deposits, however, there was the substantial advance of £80,361, 00t to £825,076,00. On the assets side cagsh rose fromn £157,854,700 to £162,567,500. The ratio to deposits and acceptances de ellned from 20.25 per cent. to 18.65 per cent., but was well above tlo normal per ectugte of 15.73 prevailing at the end of 1112\. Investments went up from £117. 712,200 to £2r't,li98.40 as a result of the hanks' participation in the last war Idann. Net profits at £8,313.700 comparedl with £7,763,100 for 1914, were neaney up to thle record level of 1912. when tile total was £8,ti58,ti0. The percentage which thelre prolts bore to the paid up capital was last lenr 23.07 per cent., as against 21.54 pdr cent. for 1014 and 24.47 per cent. tar 1112. The monthly meeting of the Newcastle and Northern District Naval and Military Association was held in the Chamber of Commerce on Saturday evening, the vice president, Mr. T. Blackall,. presiding. An apology for non-attendance was received from Mr. J. J. Dick, vice-president, owing to illness. The secretary was litstructed to write to .ir. Dick, expressing regret, and wishing him a speedy recovery. Cor respondence was received from Mr. Nsncarrow, in regard to a nidmber who was ill in the hlospital, and it was left in the hands of the chairman and secre tary to attend to. The chairman reported having interviewed Colonel Burnage, C.D., and Colonel Deoston, C.M.G., A.A.M.C., who expressed their willingness to fall In with ally arrangements that tile asso ciation made to entertain them. It wase decided to hold a soucial reunion on Snatr day, the 27tLh Instant, to entertain them, ind Invltdtions to be sent to several other otlicers, the Mayor, and other gentlemen. The chlairman referred to one of their mom hers, C.P.O. Sadeter, of the Bridging Train, who, owing to illness, was backl from the front, wlehilng him a speedy recovery. C.P.O. Santer thanked the members for their hearty wishes, and hoped to he able to go back again to the front. If not, he was willing to do his best in the home do ten.e. Applicationo are being called by tho Depnrtmenct of the Navy for the position of nmedicaln oficor at the Port Stephens naval base. The salary is £400 per an nlumr, with the right of private practice. 