TT e WAR. MONDAY'S NEWS. The French have made progress in their it tack on Mnorilomme. The Germnnans succeeded in getting a footing in the French lines south of Douaumont, but were ejected by counter-at tacris. The enemy's liquid fire attack north iof Cauretto Wood was completely repulsed. The French artillery bombarded the sector east of tthe Ypres-Pilkem-road, while a British action was progressing. Sir Douglas Haig reports that the British re captured a trench lost on tihe niglit of the 12th on the Ypree-Langemarck-rond. Tile British line there hlas been complletely re-established. A German communique admits that the British have recaptured one-third of their lost positions on thlo'Ypres-Langenmrck-road. Thtere is keenl disalppointmcnt in Germany that ihoat British crisis is ended. The Prsesian Finance Minister forecasts great financial difficulties. It is stated that it will irobably be necessary for tile Empire to levy direct taces Uaon ties States. Tihe German Emperor is ostentatiously mani festing an iaterest in the Socialista. The peace moveinment is growing in Hungary owing'to the belief tlhant Genrmany intends to break up Austrina-liungary into States. Tihe Pope, in a imessage-to America, sende prayer for peace. lHo adds: "May the nations now at peace preserve it." Dirently President WVilson's Note was received in Brli the Chancellor took special train to the Emperor. It is expected that an effort will be made to secure another indefinite postpone meat of the crisis. King Constantino desires M. Venizelos to re turn to the Chamker of Deputies. St. Venizelos will be unopposed for Mityleno. A Turkisuh communique admits the loss of Trehiond. iThe Turks, it is said, offered extrao ordinary resistance. Field-Marshal van der GolIts, the German Commander, has died from spotted fever, at the Baghdad hleadquarters. A Turkish communique says:-A Turkish aeroplane successfully bombed the camp at El Itantara, Egypt. A great wending- out of single men working as munition workerm at WVolwich is proceeding. They are being replaced by thlousands of Lan caselire ;omoen, The mjori?tg of Frenchmen would, it is stst ed, hail the introduction of compulsion in Bri tain with intense satisfaction. M. Clemenceau says: Britain must introduce it immediately. Time is of supremo importance. A decree has been issued in Eisbon banishling all German subjecto, exccpt those of military age, who are interned. The Danish stamesr Esbjorg (453 tons) has been captured and conveyed to Svwindemunde. The Norwegian barque Olga has been torpedoed. The crew wcere lnded. The British Sitleauer hhabbia has been sunk. The crew were picked sill). Tie laitest catailogue of Gereian ommemoran tise medals circulating in eolland contains a i Lusitania medal, illustrating tho ship sinking, and treating the disaster as a joke. Priystq Lonsdale, the cx-trm car conductor of- Leeds, who was sentenced to death and theo relpricev for striking a oguner in a Georman prison cameop, has been otlieailiav infoned that ie will be srele ie at ti end of tihe ware for wooA conict c mh. The '3l[osrnng Post's" Weshington eorreopon dent states that Japaon hls protested againsot tle Governsent Immigration lill, which hlas been paosed by the Bouse of Representatives. and speci ally excluldes Asinaticns. Japan points out that ns she herself has prohibited tile emigration of heoolires to Amussrica, rthe ncre lae is a relectiso on her good faith, acd a caunecf indignation tdo her people. The protest, at a time rlen war with Gerrmsmy seems imminent, has perturbed the Adminiiostation The New York "World" says that a dilssomot seh.D was recently in Coostantinolle stat?s that he 1 Turkish armsy new numbers tt400,0t0,of which -on dec Cottz has tit0,hif on tie Baghdad front, where thle RIssinas are thresatening his rom Sisssicastiui s, and 200O,0 are under van Sanders, concentrated on the Sieas--IKharput line, to cournter the Russisns. Tile Germans are daily Ssending sast qanatities of artillery and munii tions to Sivas. They are utilising the material intended for the invasion of Egypt. 