GENERAL ITEMS. ' ! ? London, Aug. *£4- j The "Daily Chronicle's" Amsterdam cbr ,respondent staleB:-"Fpr a,week past Hain-, burg has been in a state of -semi- revolution, ;the* exasperated population haying broken out into hunger riots and peace demonstra. ' *ions. The police were unable and per-, haps, unwilling, to quell the disturbances. Before the soldiers arrived angry crowds .forced their way into several of the'princi- pal streets and smashed windows, but vigorous military measures restored order-" Amsterdam, Aug. 24. It transpires that Carl Liebknecht, the German Socialist pleader, who was tried by court-martial ou a charge * of treason in \- June last, was sentenced to 49 mouths' im- prisonment, six years' loss of honour, ana expulsion from the German army. . . *iho sentence has created a deep im- pression in Germany.' Thc Socialists are indignant and aro organising demonstra- tions for Liebknecht's release despite mili- tary interdiction. Paris Aug. 24. In addition t0 the Chinese, 10,000 Portu- guese workmen above the age of 32 years ..will take up work in French war factories.' Portuguese below. this age are being mobi- lised to go to the front. Now York, Aug. 24-. 'Arrangements have been made for a second commercial, credit to France of ! £5,000,000, thus bringing" France's .borrow inge from the-United States since the out- break of war up to nearly £100,000,000 . New York. Aug. 25. America'^ confidence in the victory of the Allies is shown by the purchase or "the British 5 per cent, war notes. The whole £50,000,000 worth offered was sold within two days. Bankers and investors l'ke col- lateral at a short term. The newspapers describe this as a new record in American finance. It isiexpected that a further hatch of British notes will be offered shortly. Berne, Aug. 25. ? Demonstrations protesting against the iucreased sentence upon' Karl Liebnecht occurred yesterday et Berlin and Chemnitz. Bloting,and shoplooting followed a*demon- stration* at Liepzig. The Hague, Aug. 25.. A new German war loan' will be issued, on September 4 for an unlimited amount. . Old - war ; bonds ' will be . accepted as ; sub- scriptions to the new loan, which canvassers are pushing, by describing it as the last war loan for Germany. \- Berne, Aug. 25. The Kaiser wrote to the King of Bou mania recently, announcing that Germany -was sending- Prince Albrect of Mecklenburg' as a special envoy to Bucharest to discuss the situation- The Roumanian Government replied that it wafl not desirable for Ger- many to send a mission, cs King Ferdinand would be guided by his Ministère, who pre, f erred to receive any ' 'German. communi- cation through the ordinary diplomatic channels- " Amsterdam. Aug- 25. Yesterday .afternoon's Berlin communique stated :-"West of Ostrovo the Serbians are still resisting' the Bulgarians.-Ali enemy reports of Serbian, French, and British eucceEses at Dzemealjerg, the Yardar, and the Struma are. false." ¿ Yesterday's Bulgarian, communique claims the capture of -several positions south of " Florina. The report continues :-"We at- tacked some Serbian divisions on the Drina ?and tba Vardar, and captured 20Ö,' and also five French quickflrers. We completely cleared out the enemy from the left bank >>f the Struma, where" we bu ried.'500 of the enemy." .. London; Aug. 27* AR an illustration . of the enormous charges for freight a Bristol grain merchant «tates that cargoes of maize was invoiced to him at £69,273-original value of the maize, £18,826; freight, £50,447. - , - v London, Aug. 27.. The "Morning Post's" Capet«wu^ . corre- spondent reporte :-^"G«ieraV Botha's state- ment regarding'the recrudescence of $be re- bellious movement in the Orange State and elsewhere will cause no surprise or alarm. It i« common knowl^d^Vitfial^&e; îïational; ist irreconcilables »re ;sKting no limits to their endeavour tô; frustrate the Botha party. There are grounds for suspecting the work of German'agent* who have not yet all been run to earth." London Aug. 27. An official report of the East African cam-' pâîgn states:-"Colonel Van de Venter, on* the morning of the 21st attacked Kilowa all 'dav long. A fighting column was. j de- tached at night time to attack Okata, 20 miles to the eastward, -with a view to! assisting Colonel 'Van de Tenter. This was successful, and Kilowa was occupied on the following day, tue enemy retiring to. the south-east." Zurich, Aug- 27. It ia reported that the King of Bavaria .had an apoplectic stroke during a recent reception. ?. Amsterdam. Aug. 27. The German Chancellor has ordered the liquidation of ll British firms in Berlin, including the firm owning the gasworks sup- plying the city, as a reprisal for the liqui- dation of German firms m England. New York, Aug. 27 Tho New York "World" says that arrests" in connection with a plot to smuggle £5.000 worth of jewellery into the United States revealed the existence of a private ship express, whereby Germans in New York regularly sent and received letters to and from agents in Copenhagen by Scandina- vian vessels- It is alleged that the system violated the United States statutes and de- feated tho .British censorship. The "World" says that a representative of the Deutsche Bank admits giving as much as £20 for the conveyanco of a letter to Copenhagen. The extent to which the system is used will bo investigated. Further investigations into the smuggling of mails to Copenhagen have disclosed the fact that thc same agent succeeded in smuggling men from America to Germany. Copenhagen, Augf.27 German holders of even Danish securities here have ' received from the Government at Berlin orders to convert their stock into new German war loan.'scrip. Amsterdam, Aug. 27. Herr Hoffman, a Socialist member of the Prussian Parliament, has been arrested for having distributed circulars urging all the workers of the Empire to declare a general strike. . Borne, Aug- 27. The Vatican bas allowed Austria two months to withdraw from the archives all diplomatic documents concerning Austria's 'relations, with the Holy Sée. LonSon, Aug. 27. A newspaper in Christiania publishes the report of its London correspondent's inter- view with Lord Robert Cecil {Minister of Blockade), with reference to Britain's new war trade regulations. Lord Robert Cecil said: "Britain, af Ipr increasing the coal ex- ports to Norway» would not view with equanimity Norway exporting her copper output to our enemies while she still im* ported copper. Do not forget that you are selling. copper, molybdenite and nickel to .our enemies.". i Copenhagen, Aug. 28 Two Zeppelins passed Bergen yesterday, flyiug in a northerly direction. Two Ger-i man cruisers -were escorting them- the first time German "warships have been seen, so far north. [Bergen is a seaport- on the west coast of Norway, and the second town of the kingdom.] . Î ' Amsterdam, Aug. 28. Sanguinary food riots have occurred at Mulhouse. The troops were called out, and quelled the disturbances, after killing 20 and wounding scores of thé rioters. The inhabitants of the town have been for- bidden vto leave their houses for two days Paris, Aug. 28. "Figaro/' by quotations from German writers, shows that Germany before" the war contemplated the conquest - of South America, firstly by immigration, secondly ¡ by commercial expansion, and finally by force of arma. The evidence shows that Germany had already arranged to cede to : England, Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia, retain. : ing fdr herfcelf Argentina, Chili. "Urú- i guay, and Paraguay, ehe also proposed to cede the Central American Republics to the United States. » ! New York; Aug- 28. President Woodrow Wilson, in « maga- ': sine article headed 'The American Oppor- tunity." says that when the war closes ' America will be the creditor of all the world, and tho stabiliser of tho world's i finance- Her resources will be unimpaired..! America covets nothing from the other nár tiona except tkill and knowledge in science ; and industry, which she can obtain, not " by. conquest by force, but by the adapta- bility of her people. The opportunity for j which America has waited has arrived. j 