General News. RELEASING RUSSIAN EXILES. LONDON,: August 23. The new Russian Minister'-for'the In terior (M. IvhoostofT) has •'released .120 exiles In Siberia and elsewhere.. It ' is believed that the Czar at an early date will issue an extensive 'amnesty decree. ATTACK OF AM&Rlt;:A*«£>. / WASHINGTON, August 22. The statement from Hcrlin that the Germans have no information with re gard to a submarine having tired on the steamer :Owego,; is the •flrstvdisclosure that the Government of the United States had sent a note to Germany on the matter. It has been.'ascertained here that a submarine • in - the Mediterranean fired-ten-shots at the-Owego, early in August,1, and there were some Americans on. board. • It is believed here, that' the ! submarine may have been Austrian. ■ I ; • POSTS OP" GREATEST DANGER. • . AMSTERDAM,. August .23. -Bavarian Socialist newspapers complain j that, the .German 'general stall, is sending j Bavarian regiments to rposts of * the 'Greatest danger. The" Bavarian casualties on the Sommc were far greater than those of any other, regiments. NEWEST GERMAN DEVICE. / BERNE, August 23. The newest CBomy. device is a bomb, exploding laterally and causing mutila tion and death within an area of 30 yards. A flotilla of aeroplanes is drop ping ' these-bombs on the Russians in the Pin.sk marshes, uhcre dugouts are impossible.' PORTUGAL'S PART. PARIS, August 23. . In addition to Chinamen, 10,000 •Portu guese workmen above 32 years of age will take up work in, the French factories. Portuguese below this age will mobilise And go to the front. MAKING GOOD AUSTRIAN LOSSES. * BERNE, August 24. The Austrian general staff recommends raising the military age; to GO years and lowering it to 16 years, in view of Aus tria's enormous losses. KAISER'S REPLY TO BISHOPS. . AMSTERDAM,. August 24.' A conference of German bishops sent a mepsage to the Kaiser, praying that the Emperor and the people would-hold out: The Kaiser replied: "God's justice will 'give victory to the Germans, who art fighting for liberty' and existence." SENTENCE ON DR. LIEBKNECIIT/ AMSTERDAM, August 24. Dr. Liebknccht, the Socialist leader in the German Reichstag, has been sentenced to imprisonment for four years and- one month, six years' loss of honour, and expulsion from the army. •• / ■ GERMAN WAR LOAN. THE HAGUE, August 14. A German war loan for an unlimited amount will be issued on 4tli September. It will bear interest at 5 per cent, and the price of issue will be £98. Old war loan, bonds will be accepted as subscrip tions. Canvassers are pushing it as . the last war loan^ 1 SENTENCE ON LIEBICNECIIT. THE HAGUE, August 24. The sentence passed on Uerr Liebknecht (the German Socialist leader) has created a deep impression in Germany. The Socialists are indignant, and are organ ising demonstrations in favour of. his •release, despite a military interdiction.. SAFETY OF EGYPT. CAIRO, August 25. The commander or the forces in Egypt (General Sir Archibald Murray),, who has been interviewed, said that the Turkish attacks on the Suez Canal have ended. Enemy aeroplanes_ have been attempting to harass the British, but their airmen are much inferior to the British. BULGARIA AND SEPARATE PEACE. ^ PARIS', August 21. Wifeless reports from Petrograi show that Bulgaria is about to sue for a sep arate peace, if indeed' a request has not been sent alrei'i*. Bulgarian newspapers 'arc unanimous in the opinion that the ex port of cereals and other foodstuffs to Gcrmarij* ought to be stopped, otherwise Bulgaria will be faced with starvation. ^ AUSTRIAN GENERAL" DISMISSED. BERNE, August 25; General Riedcl, the Austrian com mander at Gorizia, and two colonels,* who were tried by. coiirt-martial, be cause of their absence on a pleasure trip during the first' -IS hours of the Italian attack' on Gorizia, have been dismissed from the army. GERMAN OUTRAGES IN FRANCE. " MADRID, August 25 The.. King of Spain presided at meeting of the Government, at which it was agreed seriously to consider the • French'note with regard to 'the German outrages at Lille, and to consult other neutral countries and ascertain the views of Gerniauv. The newspapers support the representations of France. GERMAN • CORRESPONDENCE. NEW YORK, August'25. The "New York World" says that arrests, which have been made in con nection with a plot, which, it is alleged, was arranged to smuggle £5,000 worth of jewellery into the United States, have. revealed the existence of a private "ship express," bv which Germans in New York resularlv have sent and received setters from agents in Copenhagen by Scandina vian vessels. It is alleged that the sys tem, which has violated United States statutes, also has defeated British censor ship. The "New York World" says that a representative of the Deutsche dank ad mits having given as much as £20 for .'.the: conveyance of a tetter to Copenhagen. The extent to which this system has been used is to be .investigated." BELGIAN OPERATIONS. / LONDON, August 27. A Belgian communique states : The Ger mans attempted to cross the canal near Ilclsas'and .penetrate our lines, hut were repulsed, with heavy, losses. ' EAST OF • SUEZ CANAL. AMSTEMJA.-.t, \ugust 2G. A Turkish communique states, In a skirmish- between our detachments una • enemy. rcconnoitrers, 25. kilometers .(15J miles) east of the Suez Canal, the enemy fled. An .-enemy -aeroplane • during .the : encounter accidentally* fired on * its own ■r troops. -• , RECRUDESCENCE OF TREASON. LONDON, August 25. The Capetown correspondent of the, "Mprning Post" says that General 'Botha's statement regarding the re crudescence of" the rebellious movement in ;the .Orange Free. State and elsewhere has' not caused surprise or alarm. It is-mat iter of common . knowledge that the Nationalist irreconciiables arc setting no limit to their endeavours to frustrate the plans of the Botha parly-. • There are grounds for suspecting German agents, who have not yet all been run to earth. . CONDITION OF BELGIUM. NEW YORK, August 20. .. Herman Iluvsmans, an expert munition worker, who 'escaped from Belgium, has arrived in the United States, and he tells an extraordinary story of the condition of Belgium. Milk is unprocurable, and ' babies arc fed on milk tablets. Bacon is selling at 10/ per !b., and bread at <10 cents. The Germans have mined the ; whole country, including the towns and cities. Bombs have been placed uiider .the streets and even under buildings, and there arc electrically, controlled mines under the cathedral and the Palace of Justice at Antwerp. German officers boast that if they arc compelled to re .tire from Belgium they will not leave anything standing. If- Belgians refuse to undertake munitions work their wives and daughters arc deported to Germany. GOVERNMENT COMMANDEERING LEATHER. LONDON, August 20. The War Council notify that they in tend to acquire all the stocks of lighter weight leather, in the United Kingdom, and have ordered owners to furnish' a list of stocks, including Australian < and New Zealand sides and bends. FRENCH DREADNOUGHTS- , . PARIS, August 20. Five new French Dreadnoughts have heetr completed since the commencement of the war, and they now form a powerful and homogeneous 'fleet. . . GERMAN DENIAL. AMSTERDAM, August 27. A German communique denies that z German submarine was destroyed oi 19th- August, and declares that all the submarines returned. BRITISH ARMED MERCHANTMEN. AMSTERDAM, August .23-1 •A wireless message from the German Government asserts that Great Britain has informed . the Netherlands .that all anned British merchantmen have been ordered to use their arms against all enemy vessels, .but neutral waters will he respected. SUPPORTS FOR TRENCHES. PITTSBURG, August 26. Agents' of the Allies have ordered several thousands of tons of steel sup ports for the trenches on the west front. . .GERMAN WAR LOAN. COPENHAGEN, August 27. German depositors of foreign and eren Danish securities here have received orders from the Government "in Berlin to con vert such securities into scrip of the new war loan. AMUSEMENTS FOR AUSTRALIAN . SOLDIERS. LONDON, August 25. The Australian War. Contingent Asso ciation has spent £&00 in purchasing in door games and amusements, principally at the Salisbury Plain' camps. SMUGGLING FROM " AMERICA. NEW YORK, August" 26. Further investigations regarding tlio smuggling of mails "to Copenhagen have disclosed the fact that the sam'c agent succeeded in smuggling men from America to 'Germany. The men were carefully hidden 'during the examination of the vessel. . | BRITISH FIRMS IN BERLIN. I / AMSTERDAM, August 26. 1 • The German Chancellor (Dr. von Bcth mann-HoIlweg) has ordered, the liquida tion of eleven British firms in Berlin, including the gas Voiles, which supply , "the city, • as a reprisal for the liquida- j lion of German firms in England. I CARDINAL MERC1ER DEFIANT. ! NEW YORK, August 26.. ; The "New York Times" has received a ; translated report of a recent defiant speech by Cardinal Mercicr at Brussels. Heedless of the German listeners, and the fact that General von hissing, the mili tary Governor of Belgium, was almost within earshot. Cardinal Mercicr glorified the deeds of tlie Allies, and predicted the spcedv delivery of Belgium from the German yoke. He said that King Albert soon would reign in his capita!, and in a burst of emotion he expressed regret that it was impossible for him to "clasp the nation's heroes in his arms." * RECRUITS FOR MUNITIONS. LONDON, August 25. The Ministry of Munition is starting a poster campaign with the object of ob taining recruits for a new labour • squad. Men rejected for military service, and not how engaged in work of national import ance. arc invited to sign on for six months or the duration of the war,' to build munition factories. .* • TRADE AFTER THE WAR. . . COPENHAGEN, August 25. Ilerr Heinekeii, of the Norddeutscher Llovd Company, says thai Germany is ready for trade after the- war. Every ship* lost has been replaced- The com pany has built four new passenger steamers named the Zeppelin, I-Iimienburg Kolumbus, and Muencben, and intends fe build a large number of vessels of 4.000 tons, and to send out a swarm of new steamers rapidly. The submarines, -Beutschlar.d and-ncemen, will not' be usrt " in peace time, as-they arc too cost.lv- to • run;-. • . - * . i FUTURE OP POLAND. " BERNE, August 23. The "•-ournal de Geneve" allirius thai because of disastrous defeats, Austria* haa renounced her pretentions to Poland, which now falls to Germany. The latter annexes the. province of. Suwalki and the I remainder will lie incorporated in the new Polish kingdom. Probably Prince Leo pold of Bavaria will be king. The mili tary convention gives Germany absolula power in the - government of. Poland, whilst a commercial treaty subordinates Polish interests to Germany; GERMAN FOOD RIOTS'. ' PARIS, August 27. • iThere have been sanguinary- food riots at Mulhausen, in Alsace.' The German troops quelled the disturbance, killing; 20, and wounded • scores. The- inhabitants have been forbidden to leave their houses for two days. ITALY AND GERMANY AT WAR. new 'YORK, August 27. - A Berlin wireless message states, that Italy has declared war -on Germany,, as from 'Monday. . RIOTS AT HAMBURG.' LONDON, August The Amsterdam correspondent, of the London 41'Daily, .Chronicle" says; that for the past week' Hamburg has been in a state of semi-revolution, the exasperated population breaking out in hunger riots and peace demonstrations. The - police were unable, and perhaps unwilling, to quell the disturbances, and before the soldiers arrived angry crowds forced their way into several of the principal streets, smashing windows. Order'even U-t ally was rcs'torcd by the adoption ol vigorous military measures. GERMANS DEPORTING BELGIANS. AMSTERDAM, August. 28. * It is rumoured that the Germans in tend to deport Belgians on'lines siuailat ; to those adopted in Northern France, and it is reported' that 1,200 Belgians al* ready have left Ghent. ITALY'S WAR EXPENDITURE. ROME, August 28. The war expenditure of Italy' for tlif vear ended June last totalled £312,000,000 and of this amount £214,000,000 { was raised by internal loans, and the balance by long maturity. bonds and Treasury, coupon bonds. The revenue shows .itself fully capable of sustaining the onus ol the existing debts. PARIS, August 28. The "Figaro," by quotations froa German writers, shows that Germans, before the war, contemplated the coa j;ucst of South America, firstly by immi gration, secondly by commercial expan sion, and 'finally bv arms: She already had arranged to cede to England. Brazil. Peru,.. and Bolivia, retaining for- hersell the Argentine, .Chile, Uruguay, and Paraguay. It also was proposed to cede the Central American Republics to tha United States. VALUE OF SUPER-ZEPPELINS. PARIS', August 28. M, Julliot, the builder o! the Lebaudy dirigibles, is sceptical as to the value o! the super-Zeppelins. He says that only, when their fuel largely has been used up, and their projectiles discharged, can they reach a height out oi the reach of artil lery. He estimates that out. of 13?' Zeppelins 30 have been destroyed, and 2s lost in neutral countries, the Baltic, and in Germany. PRISONERS IN TURKEY. ' ' NEW YORK, August 27. Two instructors at the American Col lege at Beirut, in Syria, who have, trav ersed Turkey, have returned to New York. They. assert that the British Tommies and Australian prisoners receive the same rations as the Turkish soldiers, and in some districts the prisoners receive double allowance of meat. Kindness was j shown to the prisoners in all the camps i visited. FUTURE OF. POLAND. ZURICH, August 2S. ; The Central Powers have agreed to tin appointment of Prince Leopold of Bavaria as King of autonomous Poland. GERMAN SPY. .. BERNE, August 2S. " Herr Sommer (the representative ot Wolft's Telegraphic Agency in Switzer land), will be tried at Lausaune, on a charge of espionage; «*<so with violating Swiss neutrality. ' Sommer came . to Switzerland immediately after the war : broke out, and organised a German pro paganda in all the principal towns oi Switzerland. Later, on he became chief spy for Germany, bribing Swiss subjects to travel to • England and France for espionage purposes. WHEAT SPECULATIONS. CHICAGO, August 28. Frenzied scenes were witnessed at the Wheat Pit to-day. . The "bears" made a sensational raid based-on .the reports o! the entrance of Roumania .into the war, which' means the'speedy collapse o£< Tur key ' and the export of Russian wheat through the Dardanelles. Prices fell seven and eight cents a bushel. , 