THE AMERICAN WARNING GERMANY PLAYING FOR TIME. COPENHAGEN, April 22. It transpires that immediately after Pre- sident Wilson's warning Note to Germany was received Dr. von Bethmann-Hollweg, the Imperial Chancellor, proceeded by special train to headquarters to confer with the Kaiser. It is believed that Easter has been made a pretext for delaying a reply to the Note. Thereafter an effort will be made to secure another indefinite postponement of the crisis. There is keen disappointment in Germany over the news that the British crisis over compulsory service has ended, and at the evidence that British public men are firmly determined' to prosecute the war. SUPPORT FOR! DR. WILSON. NEW YORK, April 21. The New York State Legislature, which is controlled by the Republican party, before adjourning, passed a resolution giving its unqualified support to President Wilson. The House offered to reconvene in order to vote the State's full resources to maintain the nation's honor. A Papal Message. The Pope, in a message to America, says: -" 'Peace be to you. These sweet words were spoken by the risen Saviour to the. apostles. The Holy Father re- addressed them to all men. May the nations now at peace preserve it, thanking God for so great a blessing. May those at war soon' lay down the sword and terminate a slaughter dishonoring to Europe and humanity." j Sympathy from Argentine. ' The "Nation," published at Buenos'] Ayres, says all the American Republics' share the sentiments of the United States and welcome with deep sympathy President Wilson's policy in taking up the defence of all neutrals. Von Igcl'a Papers. It is understood that the Government have refused to restore von Igel's papers to Count von Bernstorff, though some accounts say that the papers will be rested, ed if Count von Bernstorff admits the accuracy of one paper. Reports are current in Washington to the effect that Count von Bernstorff will be given his passports even if the submarine crisis should be settled with. Germany. It is impossible, however, to verify the rumors. j Teutonic Craft. A theory prevalent in shipping circles in London is that Germany, in destroying shipping, irrespective of nationality, aims at securing a post-war mercantile advantage, owing to the security of her own in- terned ships, and to the fact of mercantile shipbuilding being almost at a standstill and belligerent countries and neutrals I being handicapped by the shortage of a steel. "" The Lusitania Outrage. The latest catalogue- of German' commemorative medals circulating in Holland' contains a Lusitania medal," illustrating a ship sinking and treating the disasters ' a joke. ?' ' "I JAPAN AND AMERICA. : Cpl \- '*, LONDON; April 22. j The "Morning Post's" correspondent at Washington states that Japan has protested to the United States Government? against the Immigration Bill, which has passed the House of Representatives and specially includes Asiatics. Japan points out that she herself has prohibited the emigration of coolies to America and affirms that the new law is a reflection upon her good faith and has caused indignation among her people. The receipt of this protest at a time when war with the United States and Germany is imminent has perturbed the Administration. T. ' FORD PEACE COMMITTEE. ' .' STOCKHOLM, April 22. - ¡ Mr. Henry Ford's Peace Committee of neutrals has issued an Easter appeal to the warring nations to call together a world congress to arrange a lasting peace based, upon the right of each nation to decide its own fate. The restoration of Belgium, the appeal states, must first be agreed ' upon and the occupied French, territory; must be returned. Reconsideration of the difficult Alsace-Lorraine " question is an absolute necessity. The German colonies ought to be returned, and the principle of the freedom of the seas should be recognised Secret diplomacy should no" longer be allowed. Disarmament, it is contended, must be brought about by an . ternational agreement. DUTCH LINER SUNK. . AMSTERDAM, April 21. -at The Dutch liner Lodewyk van Nassau"; . saltpetre laden, bound for Holland, has been sunk. The vessel went to the bottom in six minutes. Five of, theatres, were drowned. A British steamer 'read! I cued the survivors. ' as a 1 ' MORE VESSELS SUNK. LONDON, April 22. The Danish steamer Esbjerg, laden with wine and coffee from France for Copen I. hagen, has been captured and conveyed to Swinemunde. The British steamer Habbia has been sunk. Her crew were picked up. The Norwegian barque Olga has been torpedoed. Her crew were landed. WAR FUNDS. STARVING BELGIANS APPEAL. Previously acknowledged, ATOM late; H. Cock (8th fortnightly), 5/; Thebarton School Staff, 87; i collected by- AL J. Pink, Mount Lofty, 30th Port 1 nifrAtly instalment-Geo. J. Ackland, 47-" At." :<Wnkeaeltl»-4/; L. X. Wrisliliotf.i'tftafi'q^tftf f>i> Mrand Mrs. H. J. PinJc, 10/;-CounciIhir! files > Williams and family, 5/; Mr. F. Moran, and; Mrs. Em Coventry, 2/; Jno. Smith, 37; Harry HilL 2; V Graham C. link,' 2/; State Exams., 21; Taree Amos, to. Advts KESWICK RECREATION HALL. Subscriptions may be sent to "The Advertiser" Office or to his Leworthy, Australasia chambers. Previously acknowledged, MCC 10/6; Girl Guides, j per Lady Symon, J:I 17. CHEER-UP HUT. The Organiser writes -"As the Cheer-up Hut." will be decorated in honor of Anzac 'week, we shall be very grateful for gifts of bay. laurel, and flowers, especially early on Tuesday morning." HONORINÍTSQLDIERS. KALANGADOO, April Ex-Private Lindsay Boyce a B tendered a farewell at the Scouts' Hall. The chairman of the Cheer-up Society (Or. Lancaster)) and other gentlemen spoke of the great age in which Private Boyce is held. The chairman presented the guest with a knife fork and spoon combination. WALLAROO, April 22. There was a large attendance in the Town Hall on Thursday, to bid . farewell to Privates James KancUtu). -son of Mr. Kunclarul, and Mr. R. Tonkin, son of Mr. J T Tonkin. The mayor (Mr. T. R. Ashton), who presided, complimented the young: soldiers for enlisting, and wished them Godspeed and a safe return home. The mayoress (Mrs. Ashton), Councillors George Chatfield and J'. Gannon. and Messrs. H. May, J. Malcolm, W. Berbeck, and J.. D. Phillips also spoke. Items were given by Misses O, Txewcnick, Ashton, and Keating. 