LITERARY NOTES ON BOOKS AND AUTHORS. —An Interesting Reminiscence— Mr. G. F. Hussey (Speaker of Union Parliament) remarked on Thursday:— 'The passing .away of friend Joseph Ash- ton takes my thoughts back to the first Parliament of the S.A.. Literary Societies'' Union, which met in the Oddfellows' Hall, Franklin' street, on Thursday, May 8, 1884, when the late Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. (then President of the Union), attended as Governor, and read the opening speech in the presence of 90 members. The gentle men who constituted the Ministry, with their titles, were as follows:— J. G. Jen- kins, Chief Secretary and Premier; T. W. Fleming, Attorney-General ; J. Ashton, Treasurer; H. D; Gell, Commissioner of Crown Lands; F. Johnson, Commissioner of Public Works; and W. J. Sowden, Minister of Education. It will thus be noticed that Mr. Ashton's death is the first gap. in the personnel of the team. The officers of that Parliament were:— Speaker, W. C. Calder; Clerk (also Secretary and Treasurer), G. F. Hussey; Assistant Clerk, F. Hussey; Committeemen, J. T. Fitch, T. H. Smeaton,.and R. M; Steele. Here again it will be notice that only one of the gentlemen named has 'crossed the bar' and he (Mr. Calder) was an elderly man even 32 years ago. To revert to Joseph Ashton and the part he played in Union Parliament. . It is surely a coincidence that July 10 (the day he was buried) was the date in 1884 (32 years ago) when he delivered the first Budget Speech to which members of Union Parliament ever lis- tened. At that time, as in the present, he had to deplore that the expenditure of South Australia was rapidly increasing, and the revenue decreasing - the deficit having risen to £400,000. He proposed the imposition of a land tax pure and simple, a property tax, beer tax, and stamp tax; all of which were agreed to, after an amendment for an income tax had been lost. All these taxes (excepting that on property) ultimately became the law of the State. Other proposals submitted were: —Free and compulsory education (carried), Colonial Enabling Federation Bill (carried), railways from Terowie to Silverton and from Hergott to Birdsville (carried), payment of mem- bers of Parliament (lost). The Ministry suffered a defeat early in the life of the Second Parliament on a motion for the re- vision of the tariff. Mr. Edward Kay then formed the second Ministry as follows:— Chief Secretary and Premier, E.. Kay; At- torney-General, T. Gepp; Treasurer, J. Sadler; Commissioner of' Crown Lands and Immigration, J. Tassie; Commissioner of Public, Works, T. H.. Smeaton; Sixth Minister W. J. Storrie. Of this list, again, one only is missing— that of Mr. Storrie. This Ministry was in office for the shortest period of any.during the whole history of the union — six weeks, being de- feated on a motion by a private. member (Mr. W. A. Robinson) for the immediate revision of the tariff, which the Ministry did not favour. Denmark and Shakspeare.— Denmark has hit upon an original method of celebrating the Shakspeare Ter centenary. The. Danish Authors' Society proposed in the beginning of July to give a performance of 'Hamlet' at the Castle of Elsinore, the scene' of the Hamlet legend. . The 'existing Kronborg Castle is, of course, many centuries later than any date that can possibly oe assigned to the historic Hamjet— if, indeed, there .was ever, such, a persop. On , the, other hand, it ;has been argued with some! plausibility that Shakspeare may have had Kronborg Castle in his mind wlien he wrote the play, for iji had certainly been visited by some of his fellow-actors, and possibly by himself. Moreover, the 'manners portrayed in the play belong rather to the early days of Kronborg than to any period to which the 'Amlethus' of Saxo Grammaticus can possibly be assigned. An address was to lie delivered, on the occasion of the i-er- formanee, by some Danish' scholar.' Dr. George Brandcs, to whom tho task would naturally be allotted, was unfortunately not available. A piece of old Danish music, wihich has been discovered in the British Museum, will also be performed. No one in Denmark would dream ? of the glainnff linachronism of introducing into 'Hamlet' the Danish national sonc of to day, Ewald's 'King Christian,' as English and German . managers have been known to do. - It'.is about as' appropriate a.^ it wonld.be to make 'Scots what hae' the overture to 'Macbeth.' -^Authors' Wills.— . A palihobio'Sitem in a recent issue of an English newspaper told of the late Stephen PliillipVs estate amounting in value to £5. Few authors, having anything at all to leave, have left so' little, though hundreds have died penniless, and one, at least, could make a jest of it; for in the will of Rabelais, 'dated 1553, there is this jphrpse— ?a have- BO.-dvailaUe.-prc-pttt^; I (owe a great deal; the rest I give to the poor.' On the other liand, more than- one writer bas, left riches. Rabel^ie's countryman, Victor Hugo, left ostat;. ia;Enghnd'alone, amounting to ? £92,126. Lord Lytton ('Owen Meredith' j; left ^£73,270,' And Lord Tennyson. £16,777. Matthew Arnold, on the otfier liaiid, left, in. Jie briefest will ever worded,, only, £1-OH. '_: , . —tinmen in Sliatepeare.— ' A correspondent to a British journal re cently eerit the following quotations from ShaljBpeare on the airman,- his flights and battles:— ' Same airy deral. hovers in the sky, And. pans down raiscMef. ? —King John, ^IIL, 2. Pieree fiery warriors fought upon the clouds,, Iri Rinks and squadrons ' and riglfV form oi vrar ? ? . The noiae of battle burtleil in tlie air. . ; -,?'.: '.'.'. . — Julftis Cear.^II., 2, ., Who ever knew the heavens nrenaoe bo?' —Julius. Cesar, I., 5. Our cinnoDs' malice vainly shall be spent Aaithst the. invulnerable clouds oL-lieaven. '-.; ,''?'? ». -.. -Kin^[ John, n., X A winged messenger Qf heaven ? ' ' Unto ►: the wlUte-upturned wond'ring cj-es . Of mortals,;-tbat tU/baeJc .to spse, on him . When lie bestride3 the lassy^cuifr clouds,' ' -.- AniKwils upon, the 'bosom. i-f the air.... ,, ( ?;?;-;?;? .. ' 3— Bonjeo andiJuUet,-II.f 2, Iniprison'd in the viewless winds, ??' ; ' And. blown. with, restless violence round about The pendant world. . - r ' ! ? '- —Measure for Measure, IlL, 1. Striding the blast, or ... hors'd Upon the flightless couriers of the, air. —Macbeth, I,, ,7. Yea* man and birds are fain 'of climbing high. I thought 'as much: he'd be above the clouds. —2 Henry VI., II., L 