BEARING OF IMMIGRATION ON ?! THE RED PLAGUE Statistics Showing its Prevalence in Other Parts of the World FIRST AUSTRALIAN STATE TO PASS ; PROTECTIVE LEGISLATION Tne Act of Western Australia Compels Sufferers to Seek Expert Medical Advice, and Cases Must be 'Notified' To Western Australia attaches the credit of being the' first State of the Commonwealth . with the courage to legislate on an evil worse than any other with which the health of the people is menaced, and the- greater courage to admit that the special diseases are rife in the community, present in their aggravated form, and there to be passed on, if the law did not step in and say they Khali not be. The Law of the State The Act of the Western State was assented to .on' December 8, 19 IS. and some of its principal provisions may be quoted. ! Th* penalty for treatment by any other than a medical practitioner, or one acting under his : instructions, is £50, or six months' imprison ment with hard labor. (Dispensing chemists operating under a permit from the Commis sioner for Health arc allowed to sell approved l-'edicines.) Every person, within three days of becoming aware of disease, shall place him :;bl£ under treatment. Penalty for breach, £20. Sufferers shall continue under treatment till cured. In the event of a patient changing his medical adviser, he shall inform his new at tendant of the name of the preceding one. The ifcctor Khali notify the Commissioner of all cases, not necessarily giving the names and addresses of patients. If it patient does not continue to report till cured, his doctor shall notify the Commissioner. The doctor shall formally. notify the patient if his disease is in the infectious stage, and shall warn him against . contracting marriage before he is cured. On tire, a certificate to that effect shall be given, parents or guardians of persons under 16 Ijable under the Act shall exercise authority to compel compliance, under a penalty of £10. Parents or guardians knowing of neglect of compliance, and failing to report to the Com missioner, shall be liable to a'fine of £10. \ Compulsory Examination Where there is suspicion (on information) '? that a person is suffering, compulsory examina tion may be made, and if there be disease the sufferer may be detained under warrant for two weeks for examination, and if there be infec : tious disease the detention may be for such a period as the Commissioner .thinks necessary. For knowingly affecting another the penalty is i'.SO or six months' hard labor. After the Quacks : ; An important clause is that which debars the sale of nostrums alleged to be curative, preventive, etc : No person sliall publish' any statement which' is' intended by sunb person or any other person to promote the sale of any . varUcte as :i medicine, instrument, or ap pliance, lor the alleviation or cure of any venereal disease, or disease affecting the generative organs or functions, or of sexual impotence, or of any complaint or , infirmity arising l'rom or relating to sexual '? intercourse or of female or menstrual ir ; regularities. 1 ,The penalty for breach of this portion of the Act is £100... * Objects of the Act In a letter for the February issue of the 'Medical Journal of Australia,' Dr. Atbelstan / Saw, M.D., M.L.C., of W.A., says: 'It cannot b'n too strongly pointed out that the objects ' of tho Act arc 0) to compel patients to seek properly qualified; medical advice and to sup press the auackt.and (2) to detain and treat in a -hospitarthe man or woman who wilfully OR CARELESSLY infects others. . . ..The , :aeasurc was fully debated, and every detail threshed out in the Legislative Council, and all lire amendments which the Council inserted were adopted by \thc Assembly before the n.'tasure finally became law. ' , World Interest ? The treatment of venereal diseases is a mat ter of world-interest, and though this State has not legislated in the direction of making it a matter of national concern, the steps which have been taken have attracted attention outside our lines. Recently Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald, who is one of the correspondents of the 'Henry Phipps Institute' of Philadelphia, U.S.A., for the treatment of consumptives, received a let ter asking for more information as to what was being done licre. Mr. H. R. M. Lfendis, who is director of the clinical and sociological department of the institute, wrote: 'You told me when I last saw you that your State was about to inaugurate a similar campaign (to that against consumption) against syphilis. I am very anxious to get your method of pro ' ccdure, and the results you have obtained up ! to date.' In reply Mr. Fitzgerald has posted the directorate of the institute as to what has been done in N.S.W., and what is proposed by other States. On Labor's Platform ,i Labor in conference has given the subject '?: consideration, and at a recent assembly the : question was considered, specifically, with the result that it was agreed to make the matter ;, one of national concern. Resolutions were carried with that ojject in. view, and in due o'ourse the manner of treatment of the dread diseases will have to lie considered by the re presentatives of Labor in Parliament. Men moving in . the lines ? of the people have full ; opportunities of observing the effects of the ;. ailments, and it has been borne in on file ] thoughtful among them ' that, if sufferers are ! not compelled to surrender themselves to expert treatment, there will be no check on the dissemination of maladies which will make for the contamination of the whole body of the citizenship. It is realised by these that quack treatment of the serious diseases means quack cure; — which is no cure. The result of a long, and expensive courbe of alleged medicine, may be a patching-up and apparent check of ? the disease. But it is left in the system of the sufferer and, at any time, there is likely to be a re-development, while there is certain to be [ this at the gravest time in tlie life of a man — the time when he marries. With the disease imcured he passes it on, not only to the girl he weds, but to the children she will bear. To her all the ills and troubles of her sex, to : them a lasting iieritage of impurity, a certain j cause of physical weakness and inferiority, a ', premature bodily and mental decay, with the : final run in tlie race of life either for the \- lunatic asylum or the grave of the suicide — if i not the grave of the homicide. A Differing Opinion i The highest authority in the State is not inclined to accept compulsory notification as an aid to tlie minimising of the trouble. Nor j , is he of opinion direct legislation is going to :', do nr.-.ch. ij 'What i:. wanted,' he says, 'is a drastic './ Medical Act. under which only the medical profession shall ir;at for any ailment. Why ? should venereal disease be .sanctified to the ?; profession ? ' Why should all diseases not be | 'treated iiy men whose profession is to cure ? i As we are, it is competent for any dispenser to treat for ailments — of which he knows no thing at a!!. A Iran with a cold goes to a ' chemist, who gives him a preparation. The man may have the beginnings of consumption; another is treated for headache, and I\e may bo sickeninc {or typhoid; another far nettlo rash, and he may be in the commencement -of smallpox. 'To the Highlands' 'We . are not without provision for treat ment of the disease. , At any hospital which has an outdoor system, sufferers from thxs specific complaint may attend for treatment. But we should go to a greater distance and provide for the treatment of these in hospital. In Edinburgh, for instance, there is a portion of the hospitals set apart for cases of the kind. Any medical student of Edinburgh will be able to explain what 'a trip to the Highlands' means. There the sufferers are kept apart, on the top floor of the buildings, and detained till cured. No one knows they are there ex cept those whose business it is to know. In Other Countries ? Abraham Flcxner, an accepted chronicler of the progress of the movemeat for the mini mising of the ills attendant on the propaga tion of the disease, covers the whole of Europe in his last volume. Some of his statistics are amazing. He points out that in the hospital at Zurich of 1177 vencreally disused women but 7.9 per cent owned to ieing professionally immoral, 6.7 per cent, said they had no occu pation, and the balance claimed a vocation of some sort. The figures support the statement, previously given, of the Comptroller-General of Prisons of N.S.W., that, in his experience, the majority of those in the special wards of the gaols are fust offenders against the law. A subsequent investigation at Mannheim showed over 50 per cent of the sufferers were girls serving in one capacity or another— waitress, seamstress, laundress, actress, etc. In Hanover the percentage of non-professing im morals was 58; in Munich there were traced 2574 'clandestincs'; in Rouen of 100 traced, 69 were 'clandestincs,' 'partials,' etc; in Stockholm one half of the girl sufferers were engaged in work; in North Germany the con ditions were worse In Berlin 20 per cent, of the births are outside wedlock, in all Germany 10 per cent. The German peasant is said to have no con ception of the meaning of chastity; in Saxony it is deliberately asserted that in some of the communities 'no girl over 16 is still a virgin.' These assertions are on the word of clergymen, on whom Flexner relies. 'Roughly spiking, 'said a distinguished German specialist quotec by Flexner, 'we may say that most German men have had the disease in its milder form, and one in five has had it in its most serious character. Instruction of Youth No recognition is given sex instruction in tlie schools of Britain. 'In this grave matter, so timid and divided is public opinion that I have to be practically silent, letting 'I dare not' wait upon 'I would.''— John Russell in 'Can the School Prepare for Farenthood.' In Germany a lecture on the subject may be given the last-year class in the secondary schools opening on to the University, but at tendance on the part of tlie pupils is optional. There is,; however, in Germany a society for the suppression of venereal disease, and this body lectures young men. ' In Denmark and Norway nothing, either of a general or compulsory character, exists. Swe den offers no instruction in the schools. These hold — and perhaps rightly-«-that the problem is one for the home. In France there is nothing taught in tlie schools. Where there is Legislation Under the laws of Norway (since 1860) a person knowingly infecting another is liable to three years' gaol. The same punishment is provided for conniving at infection. A person suffering from the graver form of the disease may not nurse a child; and anyone causing a child to be nursed, knowing it to be afflicted, or who, being afflicted, engages to nurse a child, is liable to six months' gaol. Free treatment is furnished any applying for it. Under the law of Denmark it is a punishable offence for a husband to infect his wife; one who unknow ingly infects another is liable for medical charges and damages. In Copenhagen clinics are open, and suf ferers must attend. In Rome treatment and cure are gratuitous; but the whole scheme is voluntary and hygienic, lacking any compulsory feature. Under the Danish system there is the right of compulsory examination in the case of women arrested. The Italian objection to com pulsory examination is that it involves an in fraotion of personal liberty. To this Flexner replies : 'No individual's liberty can be made to in clude the privilege of spreading contagion, if a demonstrated method of checking the process is known.' In England there has been no organised effort to diminish the spread of venereal disease, nor has Switzerland taken the problem seri ously. There is little provision for the treat ment of the ailment in England, even in the teaching hospitals. In a paper read at the congress in Dublin in 1911, it was stated that in London there were 160 beds for females and 27 for males, and elsewhere in England about 70\. making 250 for the whole of the Kingdom. R. W. Johnstone, in his report on venereal disease (Local Government Board, London, 1913) said : 'It was held that it was unreason able to expect subscribers to spend their money on rescuing persons from the consequences of their sins.' In Paris, Hamburg, Vienna, and Berlin tho traffic is under regulation, but the results ap pear fit negative value. Flexner' s Conclusions 'Any civilised society utilising the resources and instrumentalities that every such society has within its reach, can, if really so minded, ultimately reduce .... the ravages by direct action. It is well worth doing; it is, humanly speaking, a possible undertaking. . '. Let us not, however, deceive ourselves iuto thinking that a direct frontal attack will ab solve us from further effort. Achievement de pends on alterations in the constitution of society and its component parts. 'Insofar as female vice is the outcome of ignorance, only knowledge will prevail; insofar I as it is the outcome of mental or moral defect, I only the intcliiRent guardianship of the State will avail. Insofar as it is the outcome of natural impulses, denied a legitimate expression only a rationalised social life will really fore stall it. Insofar as it is due to alcohol, to illegitimacy, to broken homes, to bad homes, to low wages, to wretched industrial conditions — to any or all of the particular phenomena respecting which the modern conscience is be coming sensitive — only a transformation wrought by education, religion, science, sani tation, and enlightenment and far-reaching statesmanship can effect a cure. Our attitude cannot embody itself in a special remedial or repressive policy, for in this sense it must be dealt with as part of the larger social problems with which it is inextricably entangled. 'Civilisation has stripped for a lifeand death struggle with tuberculosis, alcohol, and other plagues. It is on the verge of a similar struggle with the crasser forms of commer cialised vice. 'Sooner or later it must fling- down the gauntlet to the whole horriblo thing. This will bo the real contest — a contest that will tax tho courage, tho self-denial, tho fuith, tho resources of humanity to their utter most-'.'. -- ' 