BEET SUGAR GROWING. A VALUABLE INDUSTRY. ON THE BEET FARMS AT MAFFRA. (Continued.) Last year the lainiall at Maffra totalled just 13 inches. Millicent had 908 poinlB in the last month of June alone ! But even a drought has its compensations, end the contrast was a source of keen delight to a party of Millicent residenU, who visited Meffra last month. The glorious sunshine, the faint breeze, with j just a suspicion of the winter tang in it, j made Maffra a delightful place to be in. It is a widespread belief that Gippsland is a wet district-a locality with a rainfall as heavy if not in excess of that of the South-East. So it is, with Maffra district excepted. It forms part of a .plain hemmed in north and south by lofty spurs from the Gippsland portion^* thV Great Dividing Range. It is these moun-1 tainous ridges, throwing the prevailing winds up bSyond the ram elevation, thBt deprive Mafia of the regular showers that would make it the most fertile belt of country in the Commonwealth. The soil closely resembles the best of the volcanic land at Mount Gambler, and is probably better worth its price than the latter is. Mr M. White rather astonished a few of the residents there by the facility with which he summed up its productive value. The land vanes a good cording to the elevation, £40 per acre paddocks including hungry, clayey ridges worth as many shillings. The visitors enjoyed a memorable motor car tour through about 40 miles of beet-producing country at Maffra, BoiEdale, Newry, and Tinamba. Theu guide, philosopher, and , friend was Mr Williams, manager of the government beet factory. Every year I consia erable areas are leased for beet growing at £3 pewacre, and none of it would produce auch crops j ^ be en- hiiTeBted but firfd8 were vifiited in wWch ^ ,' ngar ^ had been B eft M winter feefl fQr 6beep and Mtt|ei And such sheep* and cattle 1 Knee-deep { of condition, and with frames that J put our largest crossbred^ wether r the average South-Eastern bullock to I It is said, in relation to the sugar beet J that the people of Gippsland { the industrial spirit. Whether it be true or not, there is no want of e n t e prise or progressiveness in the efforts of j the Victorian government to help, the j people to help themselves. Reference has already been made to the facilities by the railway department for I at the beet factory. Further j eld, where sufficient inducement ] railway ramps are provided for the of the growere, and one of was inspected at Powerscourt. Tfae I provides a weighbridge, and a man out to weigh the loads, and I the usual deductions for tores. tip-drays are then drawn up onto the high ramps, and the beet tilted easily into tracks watting on the rails below. I The minimum freight is l/- per ton. j Beets are sometimes brought from Bra- ] then, 60 miles away, at 3/4 per ton, and from Hillside-about as far from Maffra as Mount Gambler is from Rendelsham— J at 2/5 per ton In some instances the oeets are carried a road distance of six miles. Carters will undertake to convey it a distance of four miles at 3/- per ton. We were too late to see the haves ting 1 of the 1915-16 crop. This is an interestmg operation. The beeta may be harvested either by hand with a hoe, spade, j or fork, or by simply pulling them from the ground, or by a harvester drawn by horse power. Bruising or puncturing I has to be avoided. Mechanical hawsttug is in vogue at Mafta A special implement provided by the factory lifts the roots without damaging them, a driver being paid 9/- per day to work the machine. The toppers receive from 6/- to 2/6 per ton, according to the yield, a heavy hght crop one. costing These men less to are top expert than at a slicing off the green tops. The beets may be stacked or pitted for some time before yemoval to th « ^ctory wkhout^ affecting their value.Danish immigrants are keen workers at Maffra. They take on hoeing contract at 8/- per acrefand thinning at 30/- per acre, and a year or two after-1 wards they commence growing operations on their own account. There are growers and growers. We met a few of each variety, and soon be-1 came expert at pieking a grumbler long before he commenced his growl The surest indications were a dirty field, and an ill-kempt home, surrounded by down-1 at-heels fences, with here and there a ricketty gate propped up by stray timber found on the roadside. Beet farming is like every other branch of cultivation. Brains and method count for quite as much as seed and manure. And there are growers at MaSra whose live stock, sleek and contented. in securely- fenced, l ££t ment anf ^ Caffrey is a grower of this order. Beet growing, he said, was his obsession. It tad meant jf40,10^60 per_ acre to the Maffra district! Mr John Mills is another tower of strength to the industry. He is one of Gippsland's " big " men, and a staunch believer in the golden future of the beet business. He has struck supplies of artesian water on some of his land, and we were shown what marvellous raults follow the application of irrigation from the artesian bores. Mr Trevor Harvey, at Boisdale, combines dairying with beet dairy cows. But be is " some farmer," and his cows are pedigreed Jerseys, that return him £25 per head every year. There is practically no cereal growing. All i n Mr Harvey's crops are fed off. Another enthusiast is Mr T. Noble, Maffra grower who this year earned £47 out of 20 acres of beet! This was produced on a section that is being constantly cropped. To his mind the great at traction about beet is that it is a sure crop, and you know the price you will get before planting. There are no blighta at £5 an acre is a cheap insurance against a drought There is an assured market for an unlimited supply. Mr Noble was positive in his assurance that if the Millicent district could grow mangels it could grow beet, and that so long as the moi«- ture was available underground the rainfall was immaterial. The tap-root of the beet plant will find moisture if it is anywhere within three feet of the surface. At Maffra the soil is 15 or 20 feet deep, and when the rain holds off it is as dry as the proverbial boue from surface to sub-soil. Good cultivation, said Mr Noble, was the whole secret of success, aud there was an immense lot to learn in the apparently simple art of beet growing. But given an assurance of regular supplies of fairly high- testing beets, there need be no concern regarding the factory. It would follow as a matter of conrse. Beet has made a lot of Mr Noble's land worth ^40 an acre to him. His average "from the 20 acres was 17j£ tons—a remarkably high one. In an ordinary year, given clean land, he figured the expenses at £10 per acre, iuclnding irrigation. Against this there are the tops, aud the pulp, as fodder for stock, and the marked improvement in the soil for other crops. Cattle fatten more quickly ou the tops than on lucerne, and like them better. Last year the tops alone were worth more to Mr Noble thau the 23/ per tou received at the factory for the beets. Silos are much in evidence ou the Maffra farms, and the tops are favored for ensilage purposes. Imported seed is sold by the factory at 2/- per lb. The Maffra farmers sow about 17Ibs. to the acre. This is regarded by sotue growers as too much, 91bs. to 121bs. being considered quite enough. The seed is drilled in, with about 1 % cwt. ..r aupei lo the acre. (To be continued.) 