SUMMARY. The War— - Czcrnovltz, capital of the Austro-Hungarlan provlnco of Dukovlna, and which la 148 milen south-east of Lemborg, has bocn captured by tho Russians, after heavy fighting. ino enemy is retreating towards tho Car- pnthlnne, with tho Russians In hot pursuit. Some guns and 1000 prisoners wore captured In Czcrnovltz. Enemy counter-attacks on tho Styr wero re pulsed, no was alBO a furious German attack at Svldlnkl, on tho north bank of tho Stokhod, 1 a tributary of tho Styr. On tho right bank of the Strypa, north of Buczacz, an offensive was attempted by the enemy, but It was checked by tho Russians. AustrlAns admit tho evacuation of Czernovltz, but claim to have gained ground in Volhynla, and to bave foiled sovoral Russian attacks. On Saturday 30 aerial combats occurred in Flanders, and one enemy machine was brought down. Otherwise tho wholo front Is quiet. It Is stated that ln this roglon flold howitzer batteries havo been multiplied, and various types of now trench guns havo been Intro duced. There has bocn further activity in the Ver dun area. German attacks at Mort Homme and north of Thlaumont wero repulsed by the French. .French airmen engaged criemy airmen who wore attempting to raid Bar-lo-Duc, and brought down five machines. A German communique states that a strong trench attack at Thlaumont Wood, aftor several hours' artillery preparation, failed. Italians continue firm, and In some sections they havo mado slight progress. Further suc cess was achieved in the Sugana Valley. Austrian advance posts between the Adlge and the Astlco were dispersed, and an Austrlnu attempt to break through between MountB Le- merele and Magna Boscbl was defeated. Tho continuance of severe fighting on the Aslago plateau indicates that the Austrians are stubbornly persisting In their original offensive plans. General Sir Percy Lake, commandcr-In-ehlct of the British forces lu Mesopotamia, reports that the enemy unsuccessfully attempted to bomb their saps In front of Sannal-l- yat. It is stated that the Danish Government Is prohibiting food exports until stocks are nor mal. This was found uccossnry as a result of food disturbances. Famine nnd disease are said to bo prevalent In Servln. As soon ns the food boats arrive tho Austrians securo tho consignments, and re sell It at 100 per cent, profit. Mr. Asqulth, on tho reassembling of the House ot Commons, will move n motion author ising. t)>n erection of a monument to the late Lord Kitchener. Tho Parts Economic Conference has con cluded, nnd tho resolutions adopted are to be published simultaneously ln tho Allied coun tries on June 21. M. Broquovllle, In a closing spoech, said that the conference had prepared a defensive coali tion for peace time ngalnst the evil genius which organised force in tho service of crime. Field-Marshal Helmuth von Moltko died of heart failure while attending a memorial sor- vlce in the Reichstag to tho late Field-Marshal von der Goltz. The Irish Trouble— The Nationalists In the six Ulster countleB will discuss Mr. Lloyd George's proposals on Friday. It is thought that the plan of tho Minister for Munitions affords tho basis of a provisional settlement. A disturbance occurred In Dub"-i on Sunday, when 2000 people, carrying a Kc.ubllcan flac. conflicted with the police. Tho procession chccrd for tho ' : lie," and groaned nt the sentrli c. ' Castle and tho Bank of Ireland. Australian War Events-— Recruiting was fairly active at ' rucks yesterday. Out of 113 vi : mnlncd 91 wero accepted. Anxiety lias been caused anion by tile news that £14,000 recently : : . . . tho benefit of tho Poles ha3 bee:i '< : n , . London. It is stated that the British Govern"., not satisfied with Germany's guaran'.-- relief intended for tho Poles wouiu utilised for tho Germany army. Tho Government has decided to provide homes throughout the State for the widows of soldiers as well ns permanently incapacitated fighting men. Arrangements have been made by the gover nor of the Commonwealth Bank for Australian notes to bo cashed free of exchange In Colombo. The countrj' districts aro responding well to tho call for workers for War Chest Day, and applications havo been mado for lou.000 shilling buttons. The State's Population — The estimated population of tho State for the year 1915 was 1,SGS,G44, an Increase ot 6616. The excess of births over deaths was 33,275. while the excess of emigration over Immigra tion showed a decrease of 26,659 in population. The number of marriages- was 18,129. Births numbered 52.8S5. Tho natural increase In population during the year was 33,275 (15,648 malOB and 17.627 females). Labor — Sbonrers and sbed hands at Warrena Park, Wnlgott, have decided not to Bhoar until now rates of pay are granted. General— The now Sunday trading law, which iB duo t# como into operation on July 1, may yot bo sus pended till a later date. The Postmaster-General Is adopting a system of economy ln connection with the administra tion of his department. , Ho stated yesterday thnt tho new order was that the post ofilce which gave A-aluablo ser vice was entitled to receive a fair return for that service. It Is expected thnt a bill for Increasing the postnl and telegraphic rates will be introduced Into the Federal Parliament next session. The Metropolitan Land Board yestorday recommended agulnst tho closing of Cathedral Street, and favored investigation Into tho ques tion of a dovlntion. A stntemcnt benrlng on Mr. Griffith's posi tion was mado last night on behalf ot tho "envo" within tho Stato Ministerial party. It Is not denied that tho agitation for tho removal of Mr. Griffith may have boon tho re sult of discussions among tho Government's personal followers. Stamp duty received ln Sydney last woolc ln respect of probate and letters of administra tion totalled £14,012 Ss Sd. Sblps under construction ln tho United States In May aggregated 1,129,000 tons. It Is fivefold greater than 1914. Presidont Wilson has ordered out the mi.nia of all tlio States for servlco on tho Moxican bordor. Tho Administration does not contemplate on Invasion of Mexico, but the protection of tho border ngnlnst bandits. President Curranza of Moxlco has Issued an ultimatum to tho United States forbidding American troops to penetrate farther into Mexico. , . , , A deputation of women yesterday asked the couth Australian Government to provldo for tho training of girls and women lu agricul tural occupations. The Mlnlstor concerned promised announce: mcnt ot tho Government's policy. Ho said the future ot women with no means would ho a difficult problem. Finance, Trade and Shipping — On tho Sydnoy Stock Exehango yesterday tlioro wns Blow buslnoss in Investments, nt somewhat Irrogular prices. There was a stagnant market on tho mining section. Very llttlo business wns passing, with practically no alteration ln prices. Tho valuo of tho Argentine wool cup Is esti mated at £9,000.000. It Is boliovcd It has been bought mainly by tho German Government. Thero was sufficient butter for all require ments In tho dairy produce section of the Sussex Street markets yestorday. Tho supplies of sheep nnd cattle wore very light nt the Homobush sales yosterday, and tho market was dearor all round. The coasting steamer KUtobrnnks has been towed Into the Richmond River with n broken The Weather — Forecast: — "Fine, with cold, frosty, and foggy night over the eastern districts; cloudy and milder, with northerly winds. In the far (outh- west" ' A . t . v . Ar \ ,\T.' l S 