| ' PEACE NEGOTIATIONS. ) GERMANY'S OFFER TO ALLIES. (UNITEO SERVICE.) j LUX DON, Tuesday Evening. — A mcs- / aago from Copenhagen says that the I - "Ekstrnbladot," a leading Danish paper, J announces that reports from Berlin state that it is persistently rumored that Dr. von Bctlunann-Holhvcg, the German Im- perial unniiccuor, conferred with neutral' Ambassadors and Ministers on Monday, and earnestly urged them to take mea sures for peace mediation.- (REUTER.) Later.— A telegram from Berlin stales that Dr. von Bethmnnn-Holhvcg an nounced in the Reichstag that Germany and ber allies were conscious of their responsibility before God, before their own nation, and humanity, and proposed to-day to the hostile nations to enter into peace negotiations. LONDON, Tuesday (4.35 p.m.). — It is officially announced that Germany has offered to enter into pence negotiations. LONDON, Tuesday (5 p.m.),— -Router's correspondent in Amsterdam reports that offuCni telegrams from Vienna and Berlin state that all enemy powers addressed to the hostile Governments identical Notes expressing willingness to enter into peace negotiations. WASHINGTON, Tuesday Afternoon.— The German Embassy says'thut the peace terms propose tlie restoration of the status quo before the war, with the ex ception of the eslablithincnt of the in dependent kingdom of T'olafid'ahd Lithuania. Germany will propose the complete restoration of tho portions of Belgium nnd France in return for Ger many's captured colonies, and dispose of the Balkan situation, because of its com plicated nature, at the peace conference. WASHINGTON. Later. — The peace proposals from the Central Powers came .i£ a distinct surprise in olucial and diplomatic circles. The one prevailing opinion D that Germany is making tho offer in expectation of making terms ac ceptable to the Allies and England, and which in effect might cause the British to yield to the pressure of the nations fighting with her. It > is generally Germany is trying to bring about a posi tion by which she may make a separate peace. Germany proposes the complete restora tion of tlie occupied portions of Belgium and France in return for the German colonies, and the settlement of the Bal- kan situation by the peace conference. ' PROPOSAL CONVEYED TO PRESI DENT WILSON. .. , The new that Germany was ready for peace negotiations was conveyed to Pre-: sident Wilson, who rent word to the: newspapers thai ho was deeply interested,! but he declined to make any comment! until he heard how the proposal was re ceived by the Entente. On Wall-street, Bcthlthem steel dropped 26 points, and other munition stocks were tartly affected ny the peace news. At Chicago the wheat market broke wildly this morning when the news of Germany's peace proposals was first mooted, and during the first hour sold down eight cents (4d) from yesterday's closing prices. Munition stoens broke sharply, but tlio market steadied later. LONDON, Tuesday (3.50 p.m.).— Gene ral von Bernardi, the well-known German military oxpert and author, writing in the "Vossischo Zeitung." says that Germany's terms in tho west should consist of tlio prohibition of Belgium having an army or independent diplomatic representatives VANCOUVER, Tuesday Aftcrnoon.- Cotton prices advanced three and a half dollars when the peace news was re ceived. (UNITED SERVICE.) LONDON, Tuesday (6.40 p.m.). — A tele- 4-nm Amclnrrl.im c.nlf>s thilf, Llll Kaiser has telegraphed to liis generals as follows:— Soldiers being in agreement with tho Allied Chiefs of State, I have eent peart- proposals to tho enemy. Whether tliev will bo accented re mains t" be seen. Meanwhile, fight Berlin is immensely impressed by this! ludden development, hut tho peace terms' are not yet known. j LONDON, Tuesday Night.— Router s correspondent at Amsterdam says lliel Notes proposing peace negotiations state : "The proposals which the Central; l'owcrs nnd their Allies will bring to tlio negotiations are, they are convinced, suitable for a basis for a lasting peace. Ii, despite this offer, fighting should con- tinue, wo are determined to bring the war to a victorious end, but solemnly decline every responsibility for it." Tlie Notes further stato Hiat tno Quadruple Alliance have proved their un conquerable strength, baling won mighty successes over on .enemy superior in number nod war material, their lines would imshaknblv withstand , panted attacks. Tho latest assault in tlie ltalkans had been quickly wrecked and the latest events went to prove that the Quadruple Alliance's powers of resistance were unbreakable. The entire situation justified the expectation oi f»tllcrn5' 'cesses and glorious deeds. The Quad ruple Alliance hud been compelled to take up arms to defend its oxistx-iico. It. , aim wns not to crush and dc?tio\ . j enemies. In proposing peaco |30l'J|| . tions tltov were supported by (.ciousnoss of their miliiavy and economic strength. . . „ LONDON. Wednesday Morning. — Kc»-| lev's corresopndcnt- at Amricrdam German Note has been addressed to the Pope, which dwells on the war : and misery, including neutrals, it «>e . dares that Europe, the seat ot <'.5V111:l"l tion. was threatened with destruction, .in which Germany was waging a defensive war, nnd hopes tho Holy See will benevo lently assist in tho peace initiative. .'UNITED SERVICE.? WASHINGTON, Tuesday.— Mr. Ger ard, the American Ambassador in Ger many, who is at present ia Washington, on Monday postponed his departure for Berlin, but no r»aoo:i if. assigned for tlie altered aiTang?men1s. Correspondent in New York refer to the feyerishntvs of the recent German peace intrigues in America, but these did not cause much impression. LONDON, Tuesday Afternoon. — - A message from Zurich states that in an iddrcr.s to tho AUgemeino Geaellschlut, Herr Ralhenau said: "A glimmer of peace appears, hut wo miut continue ex tending our war factories and building new ones, tunning Germany into ono great arsenal." AUSTRIA'S "BENEVOLENCE." fftEUTER.l LONDON, Monday Night, — Reutcr's aorioi-pondoiil in Amsterdam reports itint an. official telegram from ' Vieniwi in con nection with the peace proposal, rcitor: ates that Austria is fighting in self- defence. Xevei'Lhelesa, "in cqmbinntioi. with her loyal allies, the Auatro- Hun- garinu army amd navy tiro fighting and bleeding, but are also conquering, and havo truatratcd tho intentions of tho euomy. The Quadruple Alliance lias won not only an immense series of victories, hilt holds extensive hostile territories' Our latest treacherous enemy can testify that our strength is unbroken." LONDON. Tuesday Night. — Router's correspondent in Washington says thai Berlin advices', to - the'- Clcirnan Dmbassy thidtuxICe -l!.ht Germany proposed) Jtho reiiipration of the status quo before tlio war, excepting for the establishment of the independent kingdoms of Poland nod Lithuania. ANNOUNCEMENT IN THE REICH- STAG. LONDON, Tuesday Night —Router's correspondent in Amsterdam says that the Reichstag was crowded and the gal leries were thronged when Dr. von Beth- mann-llollweg, the Inqierial Chancellor, rose to speak. Ho said : — "I shall he brief. Rumania entered tho war to unroot our position and that of our ally, in the cast, .simultaneously! with the grand offensive on tlie Somme, which was intended to pierce our West ern front, while renewed Italian attacks were meant to paralyse Austria-Hungary. The situation was serious, but with God's help our troops withstood the onslaught. The Western, front not only stands, but despite the Rumanian campaign Ger many fa equipped with larger reserves of men nnd material than formerly. While on the Sininie and on the Gar so tho drumfire resounded and tlio Russians launched troops on th? Eastern frontier and in Transylvania, General von Hin- denburg captured the whole of WnDachia; nnd entered Bucharest, great stocks ot j grain and oil falling into «nr hands. Thus, by the strokes of the sword, thol foundations of our economic needs wero laid. "Our submarines have added to their heroic deeds the speelro of famine which mercilessly pursues them. After tho first year of the war. the Kaiser said his heart was filled with uwo and deter mination, and that is how wo feel now If the enemy counted on our wi-arinefs, then he is deceived." "Tlio German Empire is not a belea guered fortress, but. a mighty army camp of unexhausted resources. Our enemies evaded our previous declarations of our rondUiG&s; for peace, hut the Kaiser considers that the moment has arrived for an official peace move in the highest moral and religious souse of duty towards his; people and mankind. ' Our enemies, brought up tlie question of the' world j war in 3914, and to-day we put to hu-j mnnity the question of peace. We await tlie enemy's reply with n calm which our J external and internal strength and clear jViiiw-iviiw uuitjcr. j i our enemies no- elinc — if they wish to assume the world-; burden of horror that ensue— thon every' (German heart must blaze anew with hol'vj wrath." j | The Chancellor concluded by intimating that ho had asked the representatives of the United States, Spain, and Switzer land, as the guardians of Germany's in terests abroad, to transmit tho peace pro posal previously mentioned. Tho Pope had also been informed of Germany's offer. j The Reichstag erected Hie Chancellor's reading of the Note with applause and handclapping in which the Extremists joined. The adjournment of the Hons© was carried, but a section unsuccessfully demanded that there should ho no delay in the discussion of Bothmnnn-Hollwcg's speech. A Vienna official message declares that the enemy blockade and starvation mea sures will never succeed in shattering the Alliance. It is useless and unavailing for the enemy to prosecute the fight, for tlio enemy cannot, alter its fnto' bv n con tinuation of the ware The Quadruple Al liance was therefore impelled candidly and loyally to endeavor to discuss peace terms. Thus the Quadruple Alliance would have given new and decisive proof of its Iovo of peace. WHAT THE NEWSPAPERS THINK. LONDON, Wednesday Morning. — The " Daily News" says that Dr. Ilollweg has chosen tho moment well. But it is not a genuine offer; merely u diplomatic move to influence neutrals to believe tliat tho Allies are responsible for tho con tinuance of the war. The Allies must not play into German' hands they must put their case before the enemy and tho world, staling their peaco terms, audi throwing on Germany the responsibility, of rejecting or accepting the negotiation?.' I LONDON, Wednesday Morning. — " The Times" denounces the peace proposals as 'a manifest sham, Dr. Hollweg's tone re- J veahng insincerity, abounding in loud vaunts of German invincibility and mili tary achievements, which is not tlio lan guage of a belligerent genuinely anxious to come to terms. It was obviously politically inspired, in order to throw tho onus of u continuance of tlio war upon tho Allies,-. The latter, however, would receive unmoved this latest example of German unctnousncss, and so would nil tho neutrnlp who had studied Germany's motives and actions during tho war. It is further cvidenco that Germany mp weakening as tho recent American "Peace Kite" revealed. Russia's recent rejection of the peace offer was a sicken ing blow. There was indisputable evi dence tliat Germany's food difficulties bad greatly increased and that her man pow- cr reserves were rapidly thinning out. Tho Allies must absolutely reject/ medi ation of any shopo from any quarter, re fusing to discuss even an armistice until tho enemy was completely ejected from the over-run territories, thus reaffirming Mr. Asquith's terms, nnd redoubling our efforts to enforco these terms upon Ger many and her accomplices, (UNITED SERVICE.) "Tho Daily Mail" says The whole trick is too obvious and an oulcomo of empty German stomachs and tho tremend ous defcata on tho Somme, whoro they lost 700,000, men, together with ttio heavy losses nt Vordun, and on the other fronts, including 500,000 Austrian? dur ing Russia's Summer offensive. Although tho German reserves wero not yet ex- lianstcd, wc must win if the Allies, all strike at once. The Germans were singu larly deluded if they imngined that wc would permit the submarines to starve us out. The "Evening News" says: The bur glar having got tho maximum plunder, wishes peace beforo the avengers begin to make a start.. Unless Germany's newly- found consciousness beforo God means tho surrender of Constantinople, the re storation of Alsace-Lorraine, and tho evacuation of the conquered territories with indemnities, her proposal will not affect the yrnr. The "Globe" says tliat even the mem bers of Parliament who were serving at tlio front were summoned to Berlin. The "Pall Mai! Gazette" savs that Germany knows that the Allies will not nceoot tho terms, and therefore, intends to throw upon thn Allies tho responsibil ity of the continuance of tho war. Tho "Standard" says that the Allies aro ,not vindictive, but Mr. Asquith's pence terms remain our minimum. FRENCH SOLDIERS SCOUT THE OFFER. (" THE TIMES." LONDON, Wednesday Morning. — Tho correspondent of "The Times" with the French headquarters staff, savs that tho trench soldiers scout the itloa of anv peace offer, and want the war to be fought to a finisji. " LONDON, Tuesday Ndght.— Mr. Mas- scy, 1 renuor of New Zealand, spoakiiw at th© Queen s Hall, said that tho Gorman Imperial Chancellor's statement in tho Reichstag was most important. He added : Germany thinks this is the proper time to negotiate. That is not our point of view, - and we will -discuss pence when we think the timo cs proper. I leavo it at that," (Cheers.) LONDON, Tuesday Night. — Mr. Arthur Henderson stated on Monday that peaco was impossible Whilst all of the most un scrupulous military forces were arrayed against us, as it would mean fighting again soon. , ' "The Times" correspondent at Washing ton says that President Wilson's view on Monday was, that it was i-lmpossible to mediate in the war. becnuse it would pre judice him as mediator when both sides wished mediation. 'These words wero largely quoted to-night, and it is believed that they were made with a knowledgo of Germany's intention. London is profoundly impressed, but thcr© are signs of increased hopes for on enrlv peaco. It is generally recognised that tho utmost mobilisation is necessary before minimum terms are possible. SURPRISE IN AMERICA. (REUTER.)-: - - - VANCOUVER, Tuesday Afternoon.— Router's correspondent at Washington says that . Germany's ponce proposals (VUlSPfl R!ir)l clirm-ien in fliA A ...... rican cities that, few editors' of afternoon papers wero nblo to size up the news, and what it meant. Most of tho newspapers adopted the attitude of president Wilson, who wanted to hear what London and Paris said before ex pressing a decided opiuion. The I e\V8 was discussed briefly in Cabinet this meriting, but the Secretary for Foreign Affairs (Mr. Lansing) nnd other members said no official comment icouid bo made to-day. In any event no eonsKienuioii cuum n© given 10 any steps the United States might take. Mr. Lansing has so far received no official communication. Tho Seattle "Times," in an editorial, savs: "Germany's frank proposal to the Allies that they agree to a conclusion of the war is that country's first open confession of defeat. Having set forth to conquer the world, the Kaiser would not now consider a termination of hos tility unlws Germany's condition felt the need of peace. Tlie Allies may make counter proposals, and tho manner in which Germany meets these, will be the best indication of Germany's condition. It is regarded as nnlikelv that a peaco conference will ever be held in America. It will moro likelj take place at Berne or Tho Hague. Count Bemslorff is likely to be one of Germany's representatives. The German Embassy, in an official an nouncement, savs they are convinced of the ability mid strength of the Entente Allies to continue the war on the present or a greater scale for 10 years, if neces sary, nnd are no less confident of their own ability to do so. Entente officials think that the pro posals will not he acceptable, but admit that they constitute a shrewd move to pine.? tlie onus on the Allies to continue the war, and this might satisfy the Ger man people. Germany is expected in the present in stance to insist on the control of Ant werp, anil get an outlet t-broiiffh Mesopo tamia to llip Persian .Gulf, which Britain would never consent to. PRESIDENT WILSON RESERVES COMMENT. ! LONDON, Wednesday Morning. — Ken- tor's correspondent at Washington says it ;is staled from tlio White 1 lottso that j President Wilson is reserving comment jon th? peac© proposals until he learns the 'Entente's reception of them. State offi- ,cia!s opino that tho Central Powers aro making overtures because they are con- ivinced (hot they hnv© no hope. Presi- -lent Wilson is at present making advances to neutral diplomatists, but there is a 'doubt as to whether any peaceable results can be expected from G-ermnny's some- (what theatrical suggestions. VANCOUVER-. "Wednesday Morning. —America was literally ringing with peaco talk all last night. Students of international affairs wero offering opin ions on every band ; brokers aro ner vously watching war stocks ; . farmers aro watching the wheat market; politician are considering new immigration prob lems; in short, everybody in tho United States Is interested. New York and Washington papers were overflowing this morning, not only was cabled news from London nnd Paris, but eminent Ameri cans arc being canvassed for their views. For nnco in his life Mr. Theodore Roose velt remains "mum." Like President Wilson lie is waiting to hear from tho Entente. Mr. Hamilton TTolt. editor of the "Independent." says that Germany is insincere. .Senator Baker, of Kansas City, declares that Washington expected the offer. Jlerr Muhsterhcrg, a German professor al" Cambridge, says the offer is psychologically Teutonic. Diplomats in Washington certainly pro fess great jul-ilnncy, and their political friends declare that Germany has exe cuted a master stroke of diplomacy, and insist that there is no rcasonnblo basis j for the Allies to reject a conference in vitation. But many independent legisla tors believe that tlie peace terms are j hard for the Allies to accept. ; Mr. Stephen Lauzenno, editor of tho Paris "Matin," cables to tho New York ' Herald" that peace offer proves Ger- ninny's weakness, and only encourages th© Allies to new efforts. The "Tribune" thinks that the Allies will be slow in accepting pence terms from u nation which first proclaims it- relf the victor. Miss Madeline Doty, n special investi gator for tlie "Tribune," in Gcrmanv, who has just returned, says tliat famine forces Germany to offer pence. The wwltiiiR pcopio aro d<yporntc, nn.l sick of tho 1 lohenzollern?. Many prominent New York people de clare that the Allies, with tho recol- lection of "that scrap of paper," cannot trust Berlin. Late Inst night all Washington be lieved that tho President would await some definite showing of the inclinations of the Entente capitals, and might Inter move to throw the Influence nf the United States into tlie pence scales, if there is a reasonable chance of success. The substances of the New York news- paper opinion if. that the Entente is sure to fight on with renewed vigor, seeing that tho pence proposal is a sign of Ger man weakness, (UNITED SERVICE.) LONDON, Tuesday Afternoon.— The National Tidende." a leading Copen hagen journal, says tliat tho German potato harvest has failed,- and tho yield i this year will bo onlv 21.000.000 bushels,; compared with 60.000.000 bushels in 1914, and 54.O0O.GCO bushels in 1915. BERLIN WILDLY EXCITED. LONDON, Wednesday Morning.— Tlie Reichstag was deeply impressed with the Chancellor's speech, the Liberals nnd Socialists springing up and loudly chcer- Ilerlin is wildly excited, and vast street crowds arc eagerly discussing the mat- Th© correspondent of "The Times" at New York forecasts that tho terms include changed Balkan boundaries, Serbia and Rumania being only partly restored. American diplomatic 'nnd financial circles are not excited, though tho Chicago wheat market is demoralised, dropping 11 points. H is generally believed that Ger- many wants to secure the utmost advan tages while tho Allies aro organising for greater efforts against Prussian militarism. The Allies aro expected to reply with redoubled efforts 1 curb tho Germanic amhitions on tho Somtno front. Tho New York "News" states that all tlio new ground has been consolidated during the lull, ami the British artillery and airmen everywhere are superior. .The; guns arc continuously causing pressure on tho enemy's lines ami harassing com-j municntions. GERMANY'S THREAT TO BELGIUM.! LONDON. Wednesday Morning. — 'Hie; '/Daily Telegraph" learns from an unim peachable t soureo that Germany has in-1 vitcd Belgium to insist upon an immediate! per.ee, in return for n guarantee of her independence, fifinncinl assistance, and! rehabilitation. In the event of a refusal, j Belgium hns been informed that Hie exist-: ence of ne? monuments and public build ings. and even her towns, will lie threat-j enecl. , j AUSTRIAN EMPEROR'S MESSAGE TO TROOPS. LONDON, Wednesday Morning. — Reutcr's correspondent at Amsterdam says; that the Austrian Emperor lias rent thel following message to the aruiy and| navy-:— "With God's gracious assistanco and the Royal .Allies' bravery and endurance wu have created a situation whereby our final victory is no longer doubtful. We aro now attempting to secure an honor-1 ablo peace. 1 pray that the Almighty will 'bless this step, hut 1 am convinced that you must continue to fight with the same heroism as hitherto until peace, is concluded or the eucmy is crushmglv beaten." The ' Nieuw Svandendng" points nut that the Central Powers have chosen the most fnvorablo moment for themselves. 