TO CX3RRESPONDENTS, 'SubseribPT,11 Eoseworthy.— 1. Yes, the Oom pulEory (Military) Service Act of the United Kingdom, conscripting all males eligible for mili tary service, received the Koyal assent on May 25 last. The men were classified in groups, to be called up as required. 2. The reply above coven tfafa question. 8. Enquiries are being made. 'Buna,' Aberdeen.— Yes, but it would be un Vtual to do so af|er such a lapse of time. 'Want to Know.'— H the gut of the cow was ?bsolutc, as stated, it is your motSer'a property, tad cannot be taken from her. - ' 'Back Blouk,' longhorne's Oreek.~Ycast buns Are made «s follow:— i lo. butter, 2 1b. flour, t brcsldast-cup milk (warmtd), \ teaspoon! ol of ?tit, i 1b. flue: sugar, 1 teacup yeast, 1 lb. cur tante, I teaspoonfol mixed spice. Mix yeast with tnilk. -Mix the flour with the dry ingredients and make s hole in the niidde of it Pour in the liquid and with the surrounding flour mix Into » thin batter. Cover and set in a warm plsce.uuiil the leaven ferments. Melt the butter And with K and the milk make a soft paste of ?II the, flour. Dust flour over and place again ! in a warm plvx to rise for half an hour. Mix fn the currants, shape into buns, place on a Itreased, oven tra- and let them .rite again in a warm ptoc*-*or half an bour. Bake in « 'quick Oven from IS to JlO'itiinutm. This makes B* buna, 'A .New jOhwn,' Dower.— L Sleep's Hill. B. Tea. .3. Th- main road from Kapunda to Adelaide. ? 4. Four or five milts. '^Enqiitrer,' Fraoces— We hare Jpubltahed '^« Bomber of articles 'on the rjLject without more fleflnite information we onnnot tell to which you I trefer; poaslbly it is one published in 'The, Chronicle' of June 10, I '?Wosror.' AdeUidc.— Ttie record 'gates' at! pnmlemhip football matdiej in Adelaide' were SaUtT in September. 1912, and £921 in Septan-' »«r, JO18. . ?? ? * . . . \ j 'AiBument.' Soteivorthy.— 1. 41160. 2. Yec. ?' ' *-B, Vcars' Conttant. Beadar,'— Vcajr quegti** 1 ? ?.. ? ? \ ?MB answered In 'The Advertiser' of Ju3y 2T, and! 'The Cbronide' of August 6. J ' : 'Advertiser' Advocate.'-— 1- Hctsra. Wardle and Co., yiotoria-square, Adelaide. B. We fear there would be little possibility of getting supplies rU Kngland, although probably an outside brand could bt- purchased in drums; ' Tins and oases rimiVir to those used in South Australia are n.t general in England, bulk or returnable two-gallon cans being used. We have - no idea what the freight ivould.be, but it would be very heavy, owing to the liquid being inflammable. 'Harold Slowe/' Strathalbyn.— The numismatist at tbe~Muscum (Mr. A. Cnitty) reports that the lid. piece is Jot an English coin, but was struck by the British Government for use in the colonies, Jamaica in particular, where it went by the name of the Christian quarter, being quarter of six pence. 'The present value is about one shilling. The Danish coin is possibly a one-filth rigsbank. stilling, but Mr. Chitty cannot say definitely without further particulars. If a rubbing is sent tbe coin can be identified more accurately. 'Intercut,' Pinnaroo.— 1, 2, 3, and 4. We are indebted to Messrs. Dalgety & Co. for the fol ioiriiig replies to t'beec questions:— The freight to London in I9U4 on wool was -Id. per lb., £nd on wheat IB/ft per ton. The freight to Ixmdon in 1914, before the war, on wool was Jd. per lb., and on wheat 20/ per ton. 6. The secretary of the Farmers' and Settlers' Association is Mr. J. 0. Genders, Brookman's Building, Adelaide. 'Argument,' Port Adelaide.— A1 dollar coin was minted in England in 1801. A paragraph con cerning this coin appears in- 'The Advertiser' to day. Several of the British possessions— Canada, Singapore, Hongkong, &c;— use dollars of various values. There is no dollar minted in the Com monwealth. 'Begbul.'— Assuming that j-ou are a Hngle nun, yotlr brothers and siitcrc are your next of kin. 'Perplexed One.'— 1. Up to the present the salaries of the St ate Civil servants arc exempt from Federal income tax. 2. State retiring allowances already paid to June, 1916, are exempt from Federal taxation. 'A. Warnckcn,' Bordertown.— 1. Member* of rifle clubs do not require a license for the rifles issued by the department, the u-?c of which is srovcrnDd 1-y regulations. 2. No license is needed for a person to use a gun on his own property or property of which he is the caretaker. 'Fair Play,' Brighton.— The police have po-»er to etop football playing on the beach on Sun day*. 'Sole' asks 'bow to make a mixture of linseed oil and beefwax to put on the soles of shoes to make them last longer.' 'Tyres,' Glenelg.— Tie Dunlop Company state that the majority of the marine store dealers in the city are purchasers of motor coven, and tbeir value, according to the latest- advices, is about 6/ per ewt. Bridge.— 'If the block is rectangular it mea sures 2,800 square chains (23 acres). If not rectangular the area is indeterminate. 'W. H. Roberta,' Mount Hope.— Eyes and Crowle, Pirie-ctreet (Indian), and Gar4 Brds., G auger -Btreet (Douglas). 'Householder.'— Your money is quite safe. As it, is all you have, it will not be taxed, The bank will nay vou interest on it 'Old Subscriber.'— In the circumstances you mention, the estate would be equally divided among the children. 'C.J.,' Kadina.— 1 and 2. We cannot undertake t) advice. S. The stamp bears the King's head. These stamps are embossed on the envelopes, and not affixed by gum In tbe ordinary man ner. 'Becruit,' Freeling.— I. Conscription would be Introduced by an Act of Parliament The in tentions of the Government in regard to the matter are not yet known, and until they are we cannot gfre detail?. S. The point has been referred to the authorities. 'P.C.,' Broken Hill.— 1. English, arithmetic, geography and history should form a good founda tion for a general education, but it is difficult to advise without knowing what occupation you wish to follow. 2. The length of time it would take to master shorthand would depend entirely on yourself. The chief requirement is persistent practise.- A good foundation could be laid in six months. 'Workman,' ?Fnllarton.— In claims for half the coit of a boundary fence of posts and rails, it is usual to include halt the cost of the erec tion. 'Regular Snbserlber,' Murray Bridge. — 1. The time for receiving eiitiecriptions to the war loan ba^ been extended to September 1. 2. and 3. These are details which the Government have yet t- settle. 4. It is usual to call up single men before married. 6 and 6. The exemptions (if any) will be defined in the Bill when it is ready. ? 7\. The policy of the Government is, as far as possible, to gire vacant positions to suitable re turned soldiers and preference to married men. 'Enquirer,' Port Adelaide—The host arid hosted? at a reception should adopt a friendly attitude towards guests. The host and hostess usually shake bands with both lady .and gentle man guests in receiving, but if they prefer it rcay merely bow. The haft and hosteaa should stand on the left hand side of the staircase. 'FSiir . Play,' Yorke Peninsula.— As you at* paying half tbe cost of the fence you are well within your rights in refusing to pay until you have seen the accounts or your neighbor has satisfied you that the prices are correct. Legally she could only have claimed half the cost of a post and rail fence. 'Argument,' Wallaroo.— We do not think a wife could stop her husband travelling for busi ness purposes. Her allowance would depend on what her husband was earning. 'Old Subscriber,' North Adelaide.— The S.P.C.A. charge nothing for removing and destroying stray and injured or diseased animals. If you write direct to the society, Waymouth- srreet, Adelaide, giving directions how to find the house the matter will oe attended to. 'Enquirer.'— 1. Teachers whose salary ' is lew tlian £150 per annum are entitled to an increase if the regulations allow the increase to be given. 2. Either form is correct. Sometimes the Government is spoken of in the plural sense and sometime* in the singular. 'Accident,' Wood ville.— The accident on the Ilenley Beach line (at Beaton) occurred on Octo ber C, 191j. 'Anxious,' JTaekara.— The orJinary rate of packet post to members of the Australian Impe rial Forces in Egypt is Id. for every 2 oz. or. fraction thereof up to 22 oz. A packet weighing between C and 8 oz. would require id. postage, and should it be desired to register it an addi tional fee of 3d. /or registration would be charged. 'Thebarton,' Mile-End.— Pension rates for de ppndante of eergeants in tbe Australian Impe rial Poree are as under:— Widow, £2 13/0 per fortnight; eldest child, under 10 years, £1; second child, under 10 years, IS/; other children, under 16 years, 10/. 'A.E.,' Parfcside.— Yon should apply to the S.A. Soldiers' Employment Bureau, Department of the Minister of Indutry. 'Member,' Glanvillc— ^The Public Actuary (Mr R. B. Stuckey) replies to your question as fol lows: — 'Your correspondent 'wants to know which b tbe strongest financial friendly society per member in the Commonwealth.' 'It is not dear exactly what is ?granted, as a society having more capital per member may be worse ofl\Jrom an actuarial standpoint than another foeiety with leas capital per member, owing to the niemVr* in the .latter- society being. much younger than those in the former. The strongest society finan cially is really the one that makes the best showing as regards the ratio of assets to liabilities. The assets comprise the capital in hand, plus the present value of the contributions receivable, ?while the liabilities represent the present value of the benefits payable. If the total assets are more than the total liabilities, then the society shows a surplus and is actuari ally sound. I have not complete data here, but I have Hie records ot Kew South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, which cover the greater part of the friendly society field in the Com monwealth. Ignoring certain very email socie ties, the best- record, according to last published reports, is held by {he St Patrick Society in Victoria (50B members), with a ratio of assets ti liabilities of 93/9 in the pound. The Sons or' Temperance Society in Victoria, with 3,473 mombeta, Tias a ratio of .24/7 in (he pound. In South Australia the Albert District Reehabite society (male -branch), with 4,333 members, has a ratio ot 85/2 in tbe pound. When one takes into accounf the relative size of the metribeKhip, I should say that (as far as cny re cords enable me to judge) the last-named society occupies first place from the viewpoint of financial strength,' 'Argument' Kensington. — According to « statement recently published, Roger Casement was an Irish Protestant, but the cable messages deal ing with his execution referred to his receiving the rites of the Roman Catholic Church. We can i.ot say definitely what his religion was. 'Sport,' Goodwood. — 1. It depends upon th* conditions ol the mortgage. Usually a policy is taken out by cither party in the joint names of mortgagor and mortgagee. 2. Unless contrary t-- the conditions of mortgage and in the absence \\-f an arrangement between parties, the policy first taken out should stand. S. Two siicnUms are not necessary to the proposal, i. The purchaser should, of course, acquaint himself with the con ditions of the policy. 'A J. Beer.'' — Only a certain number of cadets are required far the naval forces, and these are selected by the naval authorities from those areas closest to the sea. Those who are not selected by the naval authorities must per force train with the military cadets. 1 'Urgent,' Rhine Villa.— Communicate direct with the Deputy Postmaster-General. '?Anxious iloliier,' Gawler.— See reply fe- 'Urgent,' Rhine Vilb. 'Norwood.'— Your remedy if to sue him. 'Matchbox,' Port Augusta.— You are under the control af your mother until you are 2L 'A Goose,' Unlcy Park. — 1. You may either leave the eggs where laid, or remove tfian and keep them standing on end in a cool room until the goo'-e ceases laying. 2. Geese lay from C to 7 to 20 or more eggs; it depends on breed and strain. 3\. The eggs can be hatched in an incubator, with temperature of 101 J on the ijrg; they take 28 to 30 days. 4. Build a little shelter round the nest — boughs of trees will do; or you can erect some thing more substantial. 'Justice.'— i. You could only get a divorce from your husband if you could prove desertion (for a year or upwards) or cruelty, l.esiJes mis conduct 2. The child, in the circumstanues, could only be taken from you by an order m the court. It is improbable that a judge would make six* an order. 'Reject,'— Write to Major rLurdie, D.A.A.G., Military Headquarters, Keswick, applying for a reject badge, .and enclosing your certificate. 'Want to Know,' Auburn.— A firm dealing in rabbits will communicate with you direct. 'Hon. Secretary,'1 Wallaroo Mines.— A croquet gymkhana comprises a series of short competitions witb ta croquet ball and mallet— you -can -uake the games up yourself— -for which the competitors are charged s small gum, 3d. or 6,1 to' enter; points being allotted as decided. The competitor pairing the greatest monber of points in the afternoon takes the prize. It is usual to charge onlookers 1/ admission. One game, for instance, might be to drive a ball to hit a stick placed t=ome distance away; a second, to drive a Hail throutrh a certain number of hoops in tbe least number of strokes, and so On. Afternoon tea should swell the receipts. 'Wager,' West Coast.— A husband may be com pelled to support his wife's illegitimate child. 'Country.'— 1. TJie system of recruiting is go verned by regulations. 2. There is no indication that the authorities will refuse to accept re cruit* after October, and it is an offence, severely punishable, for. anyone to eay so. 'Old Subscriber, T.G.,' TareooJa.— The Govern ment Veterinary Surgeon (Mr. C. A. Loxton, B.V.Sc.) states that local applications are use lev*. The growth should b2 removed with a sharp cl -an knife. Wash the part first with boracic lotion, made by dissolving a dessertspoonful of boracic acirf in a pint of water. Dress daily with same lotion afterwards. If the previous treatment has not made the horse restive ft twitch will be the only restraint required; otherwise it will be necessary to cflst him. 'litigant'— Probably the acceptincc would be bindimr if stamped with 1/ stamp. You had, how ever, better consult a solicitor. 'German Nationality.' — The nom-de-plume of a correspondent ennuiring on this subject has been mislaid. The replies eouefnt are: — 1. Any person born in the British Dominions is a British subject. The wife of such a person is a British subject. ?. A person born in a foreign land whose father or paternal grandfather was an Englishman is a Bri tish trabject. S. Black is denned as 'the proper word for a certain quality classed among colors, but consisting optically in the total absence of color, due to the absence or total absorption of light, as its opposite, white, arises from the reflec tion of all the rays of light.' 'Enquirer.' — Xo instructions have been received at the Deputy Commonwealth Public Service In spector's Office regarding aliens being required to rt«rister after October 31. 'Anxious.'— It was decided in the Federal Par liament some time ago that naturalisation certifi cates would only be issued to Germans over the age of 60 years. 'Richmond.' — The military authorities do not allow details of regimental colors to be published 'Rue,' Eudunda.— It is not necessary that such letters should be typewritten, or that two copies should be supplied. 'Reject,' Mount Gambier.— To obtain a reject badge send a written application to Major Hardie, D.A.A.G., Military Headquarters, Keawick, enclos ing vour certificate. 'B.E.B.,' Serriccton.— Candied citron peel :s made as follows:— Cut the fruit lengthwise and remove the pulp. Soak the peel in salt and water for three or lour days. Drain and boil in fresh water till soft, then place on a sieve and drain well. Make a syrup of 1 lb. sugar to 1 quart water, and in this boil the peel again until clear. Then make a very strong syrup by mixing sugar with just sufficient water to melt it Boil tin peel in this slowly till the sugar candies. Take flic peel out. dry it, either before the fire or in a cool oven, and sprinkle with powdered sugar. 'O. Sken« Fraser.' Semaphore.— 1. The present Speaker in New South Wales is the Hon. Rjcliard ttenir Meagher. 2. The Hon. Henry Willis' wis Speaker from August 28, 3911, to July 23, 1913, when he resigned. During his term of office there were two Ministries formed, both Labor. ' 'riser* Reader.'— The first statement would be evidence of disloyalty; the second not necessarily so. but would show, if not a disloyal mind, almost incredible ignr*ance, 'Subscriber,' Roseworwy. — A German (unnatu ralised) mother resident in the Commonwealth would receive a pension in the event of her son ^'Foo^' Port Victor.-^ far as we can ascer tain there is no agent in Adelaide for. the food you mention. 'Wants to Know,' Wallaroo.— In cribbage the (Muenoe need not be played in regular order, so long as the cards exposed for the tune being form an unbroken series. Thus, 6, 4, fi, 2 would be a sequence, as would 6, 2, 4, 3. 'D. W. Johnson.'— The patent is infringed whether the 'copy' is made for private use or for sale. 'Corney,' St Peters.— It is not at all .probable. But the matter would be dealt with by the Act which would introduce conscription, and until the Government announce their intentions definite in formation on the subject cannot be. given. II 'B.X.L.,' Prospect— Men are accepted whose teeth are not perfect, and they receive dental treatment in camp. Applicants should apply at the recruiting depot, Currie-street ' 'Wants to Know' should apply at the recruit* . ing office. Currie-strcet or, if living in the coun try, to the beeretary °' the nearest local recruit Ing committee, who will arange for his medical examination. - ? . . . 'H.R.H.S.,' Angaston.— 1. Divorce can only be granted on the usual grounds and by a civil court; lt has ppthing to do . with the military authorities. 2.. A 'soldier is compelled to allot two-fifths of hU pay to his wife, or three-fifths If there are any children. ? ?*.-?? ? : 'PjatoV ffctor Harbor.— We understand that Ihe military authorities have replied to your letter. . '?Soldier,' Enfield.— The Defence Act gives the Government power to call up all eligible males for the defence of Australia. - A special Act,- or an amendment of the Defence Act, would be necessary to introduce conscription for service' abroad. . 'C. E. Roberts,' BHumsn.— We are indebted to Mr. E. Bromley, of the Commonwealth Weather OUitc, for the following, reply to your question:— ; 'Uc the break in the 'sixty' drought, I desire to inioriii you tliat very few of our northern records go back that far, but from those to hand 2 And that, generally speakine, this disastrous drought did not properly break up until ApriL 1807. A partial relief, however, occurred in -May, 1806, while at -Blinman in January of that year £27 points were' recorded.' ' 'Old Age.'— No. 'A Patriotic Worker/' Belair.— The wages sheet of tbe Y.M.CA. totals roughly £36 per week. 'Patroness,' Lameroo.— L ? More than one pat ron may be elected. 2, 3, and 1. These are mat ters which the club's rules should govern; usually yes. 6. It would depend on cireum ftanccs. 6. The president presides over meetings and puts motions. The secretary keeps minutes, attends to correspondence, and discharges the general business duties. The patron has no duties: the position is purely honorary. The committee is tbe executive or governing body ot the club. 'Very Anxious,' Dulwich.— The agent cannot charge intercet twice, but he oan charge 61 per cent on the arrears (£21), and 6 per cent on tbe balance of the principal — that io, assuming that the agreement was made prior to September 'L.A.,' Victor Harbor.— A married woman can get an invalid's pension though she has a hus band living, provided she far suffering from some form of invalidity which permanently incapaci tates her for work, and her husband^ earnings and financial position generally do not debar her. 'Shipping,' Pinnaroo. — L The number of ships on the Australian register in 1906 was 2,726, and the total tonnage 367,090. 2. The respective num bers in 1918 {latest statistics) were 2,771 and 426,136. 3. The average freight for wheat to London in 1901 wag 16/0 per ton. 4. The freight on wheat before the war (1314) was 24/ per ton. 5\. The freight question is now in the bands of the Federal Government 6. The quantity of wheat exported from Australia in 1913 wai 42,922,887 busheU. 7. U is difficult to give the export statistic* of metals, which come under three classifications, viz., unmanufactured, part manufactured, and manrjsctured. Roughly the total exported in 1913 represented £13,500,000. 8\. In 1906 the value of Australian imports wai £H,744,912, and the exports £6G,299,S71. In 1813 (latest statistics) the respective toUU were: £70,749^ and £78,671,769. 'Anxious to Know.' — A man may remarry if for seven years he has no knowledge that bia wife is alive, but should she reappear the second mar- . riage would not hold good. | 'IScotch Elm,' Norwood.— Scotch elms (Ulmus montana), when old, have fairly large roots, and should not be' planted nearer than say 10 ft to a wall. In this State it la not likely they will grow very large, excepting in deep', rich, moist soils. The tree has a spreading hanit. ' 'Keithite.' — The maximum prices to be charged for bread in all parts of the State other than the area comprised within a radius of Q miles from the General Post-Omco, Adelaide, to^e hi-r with the municipalities of Glcnelg and Port Ade laide, are as follows: — When purchased at shoos or bakehouses and paid for at the time of pur chase— Per 1-lb. loaf, 2d.; per 2-lb. loaf, 3Jd. When delivered and paid for on deliver)' — Per 1-lb. loaf, ajd. ; per 2-lt-. loaf, Id. One lialfpenny ad ditional to the selling price set forth mav be charged in respect of each loaf when the sale is booked for one or more days. 'Consumer,' Marclcsfield' — In the circumstances you mention the prices fixed by the board should be charged. See reply to 'Keithite ' 'Marrabel Wants to Know.'— See reply to 'Kciihitii.' 'No. V Pirie West.— Prices fixed by the Cooi missicn are for cash. 'Arpumpnt'— The first stroke of the G.P.O. clock denotes the hour. 'Wanted to Know.'— The man who holds the receipt would more likely be regarded as the owner of the cow. The circumstances are not sufficiently stated to enable a definite reply to be given. 'G. Peers.'— We propose to nee one or two of the pictures when an opportunity 'is presented. Thanlu for forwarding them. 'President' — L An announcement of the re signation would do. 2. Not unless the rules specify it. 8. The secretary calls meetings. 'Mcclianic.'— There is no wages rate fixed for motor mechanics as such, but the highest rate fixed for fitters and turners is 69/ per week. 'G. Henery.'— 1. Separati.n allowance as follow^ 1* paid to dependants ot members ot the A.I.F.: — Wife, 1/5 per diem, , and each chi'd under 1© years 4JJ., provided that separation allowance unA soldier's pay does not exceed 8/ per dieni. 2. A, soldier must leave two fifths of his pay to his wife, and three-fitttis if lie has any childnn. 'Invalid,' Parkside.— i* person over 16 years of age if permanently incapacitated for work mny obtain an invalid pension. Write to the Deputy Federal Conmii^sioner of Pensions, Brookman's Buildings, for application forms. ?'Bugler,' Kdithbur?!).— Under fclie 'Bug-far'' system the article offered is not actually sold. The maker of each separate bid should pay over the uraount of his bid. Bids under the 'Bugler' fjBtcan arc really donations. 'Enquirer,' Strathalbyn.— To clean a white felt hat take a mixture ot equal parts of dry flour and powdered pipeclay. Bub this into the hat with a ?piece of soft flannel, renewing both pipeclay and flannel as they become soiled. Then brush well. 'Curious Soutti Aus.' — The case you mention was one of which the ordinary name is routo. You did well to loll the bird and burn the bod'r. lt is of no avail attempting a cure. Space doas not admit of giving a full description of a pure White Leghorn. If you are in doubt, have you not a friend sufficiently experienced to examine the birds T A description mi^ht not help you; and it would not convey, a clear idea to v,ou. Many people imagine they have pure stock when the reverse is the case, and it may take close inspection to decide. 'Whistler,' Port Broug'hton.— 1. Place a pair of canaries in a small breeding cage, and, as a rule, they will mate in a few days. 2. Female ranarcs 'chirp,' but do not whistle in a sus tained effort 'Passenger,' Bute.— The departmental records do not go bade further tlian 1 830, but the first immigrant ship to arrive at Port Adelaide, we believe, was the Tam o' BUantcr, 3G0 tons, which, reached the port on October IS, 1636, witb 74 immi grants. The Africaine, 31C tons, followed on No vemlicr 2, 1686. She had 73 immigrants. The John Itenwick, 403 tons, arrived on Feltruary 10, 1S37, with 140 immigrants. Of course, other U«n immigrant vessels had visited the port before these dates. Port Adelaide was proclaimed a legal port on i!.»y 85, 1S37, when 16 vt-eecls had arrived from Knghuid with 1,000 souls. On April 4\. 1S3S. there were in harbor there the Hartley, the Lady Wellington, the Hope, the Giraffe, the. Truelove, tbe Justina, the Gem, the Lowestoft, the Hero, tlie John Pirie, and the Eagle. 2. The barque John carried eight passengers. 'Constant Bender,' Koorlnga. — Xo person who is under 18 years can be enlisted. 'Conscription,' Mount Lofty.— According to the Constitution, the Commonwealth has power to makt Jbctb for tfae 'n«val and military defence of the Commonwealth and the States.' No dv,ubt this provision gives tfae necessary power to in troduce conscription for oversea service, as the Commonwealth is not defended necessarily on its own soil. 'Query,' Glencoe.— Naturally the back pay of a deceased ooldier -would form part of bis estate, which would be disposed U according to his will; if there was no will it would be paid to his next of km. 'Kiwi,' Cheltenham Camp.— The original Broken Hill Proprietary Company was formed in Meltaume and registered on August 13, 1885. 'B..\H.,' Green's Plains West— 1. 'J'Aecuse' was puOlishsd in Switzerland, and its circulation in Germany was prohibited. 2. The wounded Are. if possible, collected while the. fighting is proceedings, the stretcher-hearers following a charge for this purpose? Tbe dead are juried as opportunity occurs. This Information should be taken In a general tense, as much would de- 1 pend on the circumstances of the fighting. ' 'Beject,' Freeling.-JL Nothing definite is known about the conscription proposal, but It is likely that all males of certain ages, whe ther they have been rejected or not, will bfc cailea un tor examination. if the scheme is intro duced. 2. Some men wearing glares liave ben accented or service; each case is decided on tilt special circumstances. 8. We cannot say. 'Britisher,' Xorwood.— A convicted person, hir ing served his sentence, could apply to bare his name replaced on the roll. 'Boxthom.'— The better pian would be to j.tent the hedge now without removing tha palings. You would not have to trim your neigh bor's side of the hedge. 'Subscriber,' Booborowie. — An announcement regarding the payment of the extra fld. pe* bushel on wheat appeared in '-The Advertiser'' ot AiMTust 15, and appears in this issue of 'Tha Chronicle.' 'Patriotic,' Glenelg.— It would depend on the -. kind of cushion. Some could not be regarded as other than genuine works of «rt 'Twenty-five Years' Subscriber.'— L As to On length of time am employe has to be in the Go* vernment service before being eligible for trans* fer from one department to another there is no eenerar rule. 2. It would be impoasiMe to answer rithaut a full statement of the position. 'Enquirer. York,' Curraraulka.— 1. The contract for the erection of an elevator for bulk handling of wheat Jus not yet been signed; 2. It fa im possible in the space available to give full detail* as to the a J vantages claimed for the bulk hank ling system of wheat. Refer to the report on the Eubject by Messrs. Metoalf. Limited. 3. PoaMbly the cneaDest, because the most lasting, floor that can ho laid down in a stable consists of fire brick* on edge. Any other type of floor, such as con creto, is liable to wear away and prove an endleat source of expense. A fall' of J inch, or eren ft. an inch, to the toot will be amply sufficient lot the stable. 'Kundel.'— The charge as fixed by the Cham* bcr of Commerce for sales of property up to £300 is S per cent 'Subscriber,' Berri.— Mr. C. A. IiOxton, B.V.Sc., replies to your question as follows:— The protrusion is probably granulation tissue. -. and may be removed by tying a ligature tightly round it close up against the skin. 'Subscriber,' Terowie. — The Deputy Federal Commissioner of Taxation* courteously furhishei the following replies to your questions:— L A Bill is now before the Parliament of this State, under which State employes will be liable fa* Federal income tax. A claim is embodied in the Bill making it retrospective. It will there, fore be necessary for all State employes, who have not alreadv done so, to furnish returns for the years ended June 30. 1915, and 1916, pro* vidtvi their total receipts for the year exceeded £150. 2. Travelling expenses should be in cluded in tbe total receipts for the year, and a claim nude under tbe heading of deductions No. 16, showing the actual expense incurred. 'Much Concerned.'— She can petition bis Es cellency the Governor, or she can ask the State, Children's Council for the child's release, and if she can show that she has a good home and the means to support the child she will In -all probabilitv have the little one returned to her. Neither the Government nor the council aaa any desire to retain the child without necessity. 'Student.'— Mr. H. E. Fuller, local secretary for the Trinity College music examinations, states:— Owing to the irregularity and Utcneas of the mails, the full returns from Australia do not appear in the March number of the T.O. Gazette,' and we are unible to give any Par ticulars of exhibitions and scholarships until tht October number comes out 'A Soldier.'— The department does not Insure the lives of soldiers or pay their insurance pre miums. ' 'Beginner,' SUKkweU.— For » Urge krab wiad in a district of limited rainfall probably the Aleppo pine (Pinue ^KpenM)wojuU prove beA For deeper, moist soiU the lambert s cyprea (Cupressus Uunbertiana) would prove good, and in calcareous soils (limestony land) the (fune- real cypress (Cupressu* funebns). Why not try the native Kingston theaoak (Camiarina robusta)? Tbe ground abould be prepared fcwp «P»d««decp or ploughed very deeply, 'd U« bottoms oi the holes broken up before planbmr takes pUi^e,' The Dines may be set from 10 to tfi ft apart; . tile' Egbert cypress 4 to 5 ft. the erect on, about 3 to 4 ft., and the Aeaotks 12 to 2* ft.,, according to whether ttiey are io spread or be grown as a hedge. ' inxious.'— interest received for money de posited with the S.A. Government Is exempt from;, income tax. State and Federal. - ' . 'J.A.H..' Denial Bay.— You may add Junior to the end of your name; use the word when signing . 'J Scanlon,' Wilmington.— A contract ta **&? ; ing, signed, waled, ^nTdelivered by the partie» to it, is called a deed m contract under seal. 'J.C.J.T.'— The fact that the damages al* : lowed by the Impounding Act do not recompenge you for the damage done by the sheep may bt .- met by an action for special damages. See sec- ., tion 46 of the Impounding Act of 1933, at the , :: local courthouse. . 'X.Y.Z.,' Hackney.— Apart from marriage, a girl, generally speaking, becomei here own mw-.'; tress at IS, but the position would be governed ?.' by circumstances. ? '- ' ? _. 'Calcium,' Bichmond.— With regard to your . enquiry as to whether there i« any Act of Par* ' liament or law which gives a person the right to '? claim a block of land after paying the rate* and ? taxes for a number of years, the Deputy Registrar- :- General of Deeds states that a Real Proporty, Act title may be obtained on sufficient evidence ?? of uninterrupted, poaession for 40 yeam being' '.. produced to the Bcsriatrar-Gcncral. The pro*' ccdure Is by application to have the bud' ? brought under ttae-fieal Property Act 4 This can, ~ only apply to land not under the Act 'Temple Bar.'— Menu. Hackett & 6oo» A*/-, fine the double daffodils to bt StrcJswa Tela- ' tuonius plcnua, t 