1 THE WAR DAY BY DAY I >-- * ' -Î \ AND AN INCIDENTAL REVIEW OF THE WEEK'S OPERATIONS i The military centre of gravity dur- ing -the ' week was not Verdun nor Czernowitz but Paris. There 'on -Mon- day began a great council of all the Allies,-.?? delegates participating in the deliberations. There plans of cam- paign were submitted and adopted, the principle of an economic -Trar against Germany was agreed to, and _ in the words of the "Temps", the council af firmed that "the destruction bf German commerce during the .war. should- be succeeded bv a state of'things which, would prevent the enemy Pursuing a disloyal economic struggle." ProvisiOH was made, inter aila, for the appoint- ment in Paris nf a permanent commit- tee on which , all the Allies would be represented. The -conference also re- solved upon common action to" secure an equitable distribution "of maritime ? transport burdens andvrtd -check the rise in freights. According to the Milan "Stampa,'.'. the Western military com- manders .haye agreed (.the council ap- proving) that Germany must not" be' allowed any 'facility for accumulating her forces against a single -Ally, but must -be met by crushing combined ac-. tiGn. Britain was represented at the conference, which lasted three days,.by Mr. Asquith, Lord Kitchener, Sir Ed 1 ' . j Pte. W. J. DUNN. 11th Battalion. ward. Grey; and Mr. .Lloyd-George; and Mr. Asquith and Lord Kitchener pro- ceeded to Rome to confer with the Ita- lian Government " lt has " apparently been decided 'that Italy is to declare war upoh\Germapy, for the seizure of German ships in "Italian ports is talked of, and that, of ..course, .will be ah act of war. - . '. .- '- - . .. . ? 'Áiioth'er stage in the "long-drawn-out battle of Verdun began' pn: Wednesday." After six days' artillery'preparation, during which "-entirerSSerdWrfi^ont: "was deluges tíisÜSre.' the. Ger-. «tans attacked on ar front nf barely two thirds .of à tíjilé between. Avocôutt.and ^Síalañcourt. . north-"wést, . or Verdun. î"MaEses of Germans; a division (te, 20,000 strong),", say^.a semi- official re- view; "leaped to. the assault over ground -that" had been ploughed " up by their own heavy shells. They'thought Tto. have easily crossed it, but they reckoned without our infantry . and light artillery. Lying flat on-the earth, oiir. infantry poured id a terrific fire, and our field pieces cut down swathes "of men^ The enemy had the ir line again broken; ^and they, failed to "dr.iVé hs out óf "the tillage of Malancourt, although they had already occupied thé sur- ' ?rounding Hills: . Their losses were so -heavy, that their commanders at night- : fall, Recognising the futility' of the at- ; tacks.- retreated. leaving about a quar- - ter of -their - effectives either dead or wounded on the field. The German ' tactics of butting, forward in flts^ahd j starts show that the enemy is weaken- ing.' either through .lack of will .or-lack I .pf means. If they propose to "march í .towards Verdun; via Malancourt' th«H Germans, must cover eight - miles." But the -French didn't cpntefft them- selves with repulsing the enemy. They' carried out a little offensive on their own account. ' Says Paris: "Our troops after an intense artillery prepàration. vigorously attacked -Avocourt" wood, and captured the south-eastern born to a depth of 325 yards. We also cap- tured an important small fort which thc Germans had strongly fortified. A violent German counter-attack with recently-arrived, troops was completely repulsed with heavy . losses. Another ?French attach: delivered, in conjunction with the .foregoing effort, progressed;to the north of Avocourt. and succeded in capturing the_enemy*-s cross-trenches." A German wireless message ignores the French offensive and states:" "Our troops, with little loss, stormed the French icsition ".north of Malancourt, our line extending along a front of ZO00 yards. We also penetrated the north- western portion of . Malancourf. The ? French left 12 officers, 486 Smwounded men, and five guns behind them." Ac- cording to the "Temps?' von Saeller, one of the German generáis, recéntly Quitled Verdun and went into retire- ment heeause he strongly protested against the careless sacrifice of lives. especially in the massed attacks to 'which the Kaiser is so partial. On the other hand, the French have lost Gene- ral Largeau, one of/the youngest gene- rals of the French army, who achieved the conquest of the German Came- roons. He was killed at Verdun on Wednesday. Only recently he returned from . Africa, - and immediately he reached Paris he asked to be sent- to the front. The. Germans claim to have set fire to Verdun, and Simms, an -America^ correspondent, states that they "seem bent on the destruction of the city. They hurl daily "350 of the largest incendiary shells -into the busi- ness and residential districts, where several'fires have been raering simul- taneously. Verdun is becoming another Rheims or Arras. The scene is grip- ping in its awfulness ; the conflagra- tion of the city being accompanied by a deafening roar. French officers say that-they ask nothing better than that, the. Germans will continue their at- tacks, as each attack increases-their losses. The Verdun sector is like a gigantic anthill on which men and transport swarm unceasingly day and nbjht. The French guns and munitions seem-tb be unlimited." Although the Germans are concen- trating, great armies at Verdun, they 'are' still'searching for weak spots in the-allied line, and frequent combats are fought in consequence. One such spot they thought to have discovered in the region of the Somme, but the French -speedily lindeeeijed thëm. "The enemy," says Paris, '"attempted a coup de-main oh.óür front line, but-the move completely -failéd.'V; . Proof that ,the British army in France has been large- ly reinforced is afforded by the state- ment that the British front has been extended from the Yser to the Somme, a distance of 90-miles. Our men and their..adversaries are busy muling and counter-mining. On . Sunday, General Haig reported:-"The enemy sprang a mme hear "our front (?Loos) to-day -and occupied the "erster,- but we drove them" out Enemy bomb throwers, how- ever, "drove us back" to our lines "again." "Next day- the enemy exploded some mines -opposite Hiilluch, -near -Loos, damaging- the trench elements in the neighborhood end, ' inflicting _ some casualties, but the British established themselves in the.crater. Hevenge was soon at hand., -bays "the... General: "The Northumberland Fusiliers 'abd -the Royal Fusiliers, after a mine ex- plosion, assaulted a German salient at St. EloL (south of Ypres), taking the front and second lines of trenches along, a front of £00 yards- The enemy sustained heavy casualties, and 168 German's ^were taken prisoners."* In apite of a fierce -artillery -fire, the con- querors held their ground. A Berlin message admits ' that "a British mine damaged our position . . . blowing up over 100 yards of trenches and causing some casualties." 'The country occu- pied-by the British is nearly all flat, and -probably too muddy for any seri- ous offensive to.be attempted, but manifestly- our men are compelling the enemy to hold every yard of his line. . -,-The Borne report" asrtp' the Austrian Retirement from Czeraowitz. the capi-" %al of Bukowina,-tas not íeeñ'cóniBrm^ ed. >T'he communiques -are-remarkably; «dient as to .the Operations in .this ^mar-. "tër; but- Swiss :r^^rte,_chVonlçledi fey' .the .'Indepèhdënt;.Gable Service, indl cate that 'the . Austrians -and '«G'jsrnians have suffered- dreadfully,' and that it ? will be;diflicult for them to.reorganise; their armies for a considerable time. It is als c stated at Rome that thc Rus- sian .offensive in Bukowina has. caused great, alarm in -Vienna and .Budapest, where tens of thousands of wounded have arrived, and a ? Bucharest de- spatch declares that the Austrian losses" on the. Dniester . have ? been colossal. The Combats have been most intense, and as-each side has displayed a dog- ged .intention to overcome the- other, there-has been frightful loss- of life. Troops .have, fought with .desperate con/age. at close quarters, and. when there' was no room for the use of wea- pons -the men -haye ^grappledf-with each other and haye endeavored to throttle , their! oppppeife,. ^"Racial antipathy "waa, an.important factor in stimulating the. ferocity of the i-troops, and when the Teutons were rfdBáea' from positions. they.vj»tired suuenls,", and often ..made' counter- demonetisations, which at times "threatened to' develop;'into renewals or the fighting' The 'enemy armies on the Dniester, ~ according .rito- one account, have'loèii broken completely by the shocks to which they have been sub- jected. Their situation is -extremely I perilous -because the forces opposed to them are increasing in number every day.' .{The Russians are continuing-the offensive with - great violence, and it, seems uhlikely_Tthat they- can be stop- I ped. But nothing of this is' men- tioned in the news from Petrograd, Vienna, or -Berlin. . AU-the. talk .is of the Sussiáh offensive south-east of "Riga, and between "Dwinsk and Vileika. which" is east' of Vilna. The Petrograd correspondent, of the "Morning Post" states that the Germans are busily for- tifying Vilna, which they regard as the objective of the Russian blow. ? But the Petrograd correspondent of the "Daily - Chronicle" affirms that ""a big Russian advance against the Germans is im- possible for the. present, as the floods are very high. Operations are confined to clearing elevated ground In order that when the " waters subside the Germans., will be unable to reoccupy their former positions." From Amster7 dam crimes the news that 112 German railway trains passed through Liege towards Russia in a single day,-and that practically all the Landsturm troops in Belgium have gone to assist in repelling the Russian attacks. As usual, the bulletins are hopelessly con- flicting, "Each side claims successes. "We captured, after a desperate strug- gle, two lubes of 'trenches west Of, Postavy," say the Russians (Postavy ? is about halfway between Dwinsk and Vileika), but the Germans claim that the Russian attack at Postavy was "dashed tb pieces by the Branden burghérs and Hanoverians, who are fighting with tlie- Saarhruéck corps." The enemy -also claims that "the Rus- sian attacks to the west of Jaeobstadt (Jaeobstadt is south-east of " Riga) with fresh Siberian troops-broke down with heavy losses," and that south of Narotch Lake (i.e., east of Vilna), the West Prussians, in a counter- attack, - recaptured the artillery obser- vation positions Jost on the 20th. and captured 21 Russian officers and 2140 men." The most probable deduction is that the fighting is so far indecisive, but in the absence of explicit reports we can only guess at what is happen- ing. In Armenia, however, the Rus- sians continue to progress. By des- troying Turkish transports their Black Sea fleet is preventing, the Turks being' reinforced by sea, and their-"troops have taken a position east bf Trebir -zond. and a. town south-east of Bitlis. 'The advance of the Russians from Erzeroum appears to have paralysed the Turks."'says a message from Bu- charest. "They are quite Incapable of offering any-serious resistance, and it seems probable that all forces will be withdrawn for concentration near the coast of Anatolia." A recent War Office announcement guardedly refers to "the satisfactory military position in Egypt." which may be taken to mean that -the -Turkish threat of invasion" has been abandoned or has been effectually dealt with. Let- ters from Australian -soldiers >n Egypt' and neighboring, parts (thèy hâve, all passed the censor) hint at the" possi- bility .of. ah" important development. : Writesrnne.man, a.eaptaln:. '.'F_or.ob.vi-. ons reaeons I cannot-interest ;you In something to tell you." Another indi- cates that there will be an embargo on soldiers' correspondence shortly. So there is evidently something doing. During the- week particulars, were given of "a highly successful raid against the Turkish advanced base at Birklhassanab, 100 miles from the Suez Canal." This raid was made by «ix Aeroplanes, which dropped > 40 bombs into temporary reservoirs and military buildings. - One airman de- scended to within 200 feet behind the Turkish infantry and opened fire with a. machine gun. The Turks bolted, and" the aviator then attacked the officers' marquee with the result that the offi- cers also bolted. ' "Birklhassanah" Is not shown on the map. but there is a post called El Hassana, 51 miles east of .the* southern, end of the Canal (lt was bombed by one of our birdxnen on February 29), and this may be the place. . Curiously enough, some of our soldiers address their letters from j "Somewherecin-the -Arabian Desert," ; .which is a long way from Egypt, and 1 one recalls a curious' German story published a few months. ago (and promptly contradicted) thet a force of Australians actually crossed the desert <the Syrian' Desert) only to be beaten PRIME MINISTER HUGHES. Down in.-i.ondon with influenza. and scattered; a few miles from Bagh- dad. It is all vers' mysterious. The public is advised* to heep its eyes skin- ned for developments in Asiatic Tur- key presently. ; * ~ An important admission asj to the growing, strength bf the \peace party in Turkey has 'been made 3>y George. Bernhardt, a German Ipublicist." "Writ .|ng in-the >^pssischeVZeltuiiig,** he re- - cognises < ^hat" ii ' separg^í ¿peace with Turki*- M poeÈlbië; , birt* .attempt» -tb the Central 3?oOTeraíjOTVftot su'CCer'^iay great' disadvantage "Tf ' Taifkey . Con- cludes V ár sepárate peace; :. Which is "so . miich bunkum. M. MllInkpÄ plated in the Russian Durna on "Smaraay that the. Allies' arrived .at.. Ä'BañsíactorK^ agreement in' AprU.iiDBtyih.Jc«i»fectlon with the Dardanelles.; Russia'Neaa to use the pütlet,' as she conld" not prosper without such access to the open sea, but it was hot a question \whether .the straits would become Russian or Turk- ish. In any event they must not be- . come'German. This, points to a modi- fication ol the Russian demands in re- lation to "Turkey, and isJ important- It j is reported at Athens that the Ger- ! mans and Bulgarians proposed xe- ' céñtly to occupy Constantinople,.send- ing the T-urkish troops to the Caucasus and Baghdad, but. that the Young Turk Party .rejected the proposal This, also, would be significant if it emanated from some' city more addicted to telling the truth than Athens. We havfe found that «hens accounts are far and away the most untruthful of all. Meantime the Turkish campaigns, continue Kut-el Amara is still holding out, and Gene- ral Townshend reports that the enemy aircraft and guns bombarded the camp for two days from Tuesday to Thurs- day week. Our casualties were slight, and the general situation is unchanged. The British on the right bank bf the Tigris surprisedI .and captured a Turk- j ! -- " ? --- NURSE PARKER. Now on her way back to Australia from the front. She has one brother at Kut-el-Amara and another has been invalided. iah ? post at Falahiyeh on Saturday : week. This place is not mentioned on the map. Touching the Russian move- ' ments in Arabic Turkey, the "Indepen- dent" cableman says that by the ad- j vance in Persia the Russians have se- cured almost complete control of that country. The force which seized Ispa- han was a newly-organised army, and there is a great deal of speculation about its ultimate objective, lt Is be- lieved that before long the whole of Armenia and Upper Mesopotamia will be under the control of the Russians. There has -been some fighting In Macedonia, but details are scanty. A semi- official report from Salonika on Tuesday said : "The Germans have be- gun a strong offensive in the Doiran region, where the French are success- fully resisting. The Greek Government is doing its utmost to hasten the evac- uation of the region by civilians, espe- cially GhevgeH.'which M.'Dragumis, the Finance Minister, describes as being on the eve of van_ Invasion by tile Cen- tral Powers."v Apropos, the Allies are having some trouble with Greece. They have addressed a Note to the Athens Government requesting an explanation ot certain measures taken toy Greece In Northern Epirus since December. And on Tuesday._6i_eir warships landed ¿nen and blockade* Suda Bay in Crete. They, demanded the surrender of the .German "Consul at Canea, but this was refused." They seized the captain of an Austrian vessel in harbor. A landing ¡wk» : effected ^at Chateis, In JEuboea, ^^^:^iá^.r^^^^^^>t inspected patrol bases. Greece has protested against these acts. Two British mer- chantmen carrying naval men are searching the Greek coastline. The "Hestia," an Athens-newspaper, states that "ten more Allied warships have been sighted off Canea, and that the Allies are preparing to land troops in Crete." . Other reports from Canea state that a personage attached to the British consular service visited the German Consul last week,* and, pre- tending to be a German sympathiser, offered to revictual the German sub- marines. The . Consul perceived the "ruse and denounced the visitor to the Greek authorities, who imprisoned him. Five Allied warships arrived 'at Canea on Sunday and-demanded the release of the prisoner, and also the surrender of the German Consul. The Prefect, after t communicating with the Gov- ernment, refused to »accede to 'these demands, and the squadro- thereupon Initiated & blockade of Canea. - From Athens comes the hews that Roumania has completed the formation of 40 new regiments, thereby x making her mobil- ised army consist of 120 regiments of 3806 men each. -. " There has been severe fighting be- tween the Italians and the Austrians. Rome, on Monday announced a'victory, in these "terms:-"We captured strong Austrian entrenchments at Selleto, Freikofel, Caval, and Lopiss to-day, ; taking many prisoners. A sanguinary 130 hours' fight at Palpiccolo led. to the 'temporary loss of our position, but our infantry recaptured-it with the bayo- net. Hundreds- of enemy corpses strewed" the ground after the engage- ment" ** The. Austrian account reads as follows:--"After severe fighting on the Gorizia bridgehead we captured the whole of the enemy position on the northern portion of the Podgora heights-and took 625 prisonérs." Two days later Rome- issued the following: -"Fierce and desperate fighting took place for 4 S hours north- west of Gö- rtz la. The enemy on Sunday concen- trated an intense artillery fire on our trenches, and launched a most violent attack, to which our _ centre yielded. We. dehyered ,a counter-attack the next evening, and recaptured the posi- tion, after repeated and sanguinary charges. ' We took. 300 'prisoners." (Which is satisfactory. " On March 16 a German official state- ment said; "Our submarihe campaign is in full swing." From that date to March 28 20 vessels were sunk, Í0 of them British, 2 French, 2 Dutch, 4 Nor- wegian and 2" Danish. This number doesn't include thc Channel steamer Sussex, a small craft carrying pas- sengers abd mails, which was bar- barously-sunk without warning, 50 lives being lost and- a considerable portion of the mails: Even the Germans (or some of them) are ashamed at the de- struction of the Sussex. The Berlin correspondent of the Associated Press announces authoritatively that Ger- many- believes that the Sussex, waa. mined, but if she was torpedoed the Government is prepared to disavow the act and to punish 'the commander of the submarine. The Rotterdam corre- spondent pf ' the "Daily News" states .that Germany has "at'least 200 sub- marines, and will shortly inform, all . .neutrals-- that a. complete submarine \- blockade - bf : Britain exists, : and " wara rjUïeïn that*any vesseLin British' waters1 ls liable to be sunk, it ls mUuy months ySlnce a' submarine was reported in the Channel, and the activities of the sub- marines are causing some disquietude, for the new pirate-boats are of a big-. gsr and improved type, and new mea- sures will have to be adopted to master them. ' There is spine reason to be- lieve that an Austrian submarine did the damage . in the Channel. "Neutral oplnjon is reported to be at white heat over the depredations of - the' sub- marines. . We have heard 'this before, and nothing came of it Probably no . thing will come of it on this occasion. I Disaster attended the effort of a ; German light protected cruiser, the Grief,. to repeat -the Moewe act. She was' engaged by the British armed merchantman .Alcantara and sunk, but the British boat "was torpedoed, and -also went down. The British lost 74 men and the Germans 180, five Ger- man officers and 105 men being rescued and " taken prisoners. Singularly enough, the action took place as far back as February 29, the Admiralty evidently suppressing the' information In.the hope that the Germans would send out another raider. When the enemy announced that the Grief was lost-a German official version states that the Grief fought three British cruisers and one destroyer, that she torpedoed a great 15,000-ton cruiser, and- finally blew herself up^the Brit- ish version was given to the world. The Press Bureau states' that the Al- cantara, dissatisfied with the Griefs assurance that she was a- peaceful merchantman, lowered a boat. The Moewe tricks were then "repeated. A button was pressed on the Grief, and : tile "merchantman was transformed j1 Into a . foe. The three torpedo tubes i were immediately worked. The first ' torpedoes missed, but the second and J third found their mark. The British ¡ commander, like a flash, ordered a ter I rifle broadside to be poured into the enemy, whose delirium of delight was quickly turned into tense anxiety. Al- though the British gunners were sur- rounded by stricken men and the Al- cantara was mortally wounded, they worked feverishly to do the utmost damage to the enemy. Their guns raked the Grief until both vessels were in a sinking condition. The Press As- sociation states - that after the Grief was sunk British destroyers sunk a German submarine. This is denied hy the enemy. Matters are getting lively in the North Sea. On the morning of Satur- day week a combined naval and sea- plane raid was made by the British on the Schleswig- Holstein coast Ap- parently the seaplane operations were not much of a success, but one of our cruisers rammed a German destroyer, which sank with all hands. On the other hand, we lost the old light crui- ser Medusa (2800 tons), which collided with the destroyer .Laverock, but all the crew were saved, despite heavy weather. "This was a fine piece of seamanship," says the Admiralty re- port, and it was, too. So was the ram- ming of the enemy destroyer. "The of- ficial report reads as follows: "An es ;c¿rting force of light cruisers and de 'Stroyers, under Commander Tyrwhitt, oh Saturday morning convoyed some 'British seaplanes to a rendezvous hfar the German coast for the purpose of ?attacking German airsheds in Schles wig^HoIsteln, eastward of the island of Sylt Three of the attacking sea- planes are missing. The obsolete light cruiser Medusa (2800 tons) and the destroyer Laverock (965 tons) collided, and it is feared that owing to Satur- day night's storm possibly the Me- dusa is lost Our destroyers sunk two German armed patrol vessels." A sub- sequent report said: "Some British light cruisers encountered a division of German destroyers in the North Sea on Saturday night. The cruiser Cleopatra rammed and sunk an enemj* destroyer, whose crew perished. All the ships employed in the recent ope- rations on the German coast have now returned, except the Medusa, which, as feared, sank after all the crew had been taken off in Very bad weather hy- the destroyer Lassoo, without any casualties. This was a fine piece of seamanship. Our destroylk'S, while dealing with enemy patrol vessels, were themselves attacked by aircraft, but suffered no damage. We rescued "SO prisoners from the two patrol trawlers which we sunk." The German mes- sage stated: "Five English hydroplanes on Saturday attacked our airship sheds in Northern Schleswig, and three of ibeni, including a. battleplane, were brought-down -by our anti-aircraft »ec- : rion. Five airmen, were made prison- ers. Bombs were dropped. They caused no damage. Two armed Ger- man fishing steamers on outpost ser- vice fell victims. Our naval aero- planes attacked the enemy and scored a number of hits, seriously damaging an English destroyer. We immediate- ly sent out forces, but only a few tor- pedo" boats came into touch with the retreating enemy. One of these tor- pedo boats has not returned." Danish reports indicate that little damage was done by our seaplanes, albeit one re- port says that they burned a granary at Randerup, smashed up a large Ger- man battle seaplane, and bombed the towns of Hoyer and Tondern-but they pay a tribute to the work of thc Brit- ish naval squadron. A Copenhagen telegram states: "British and German squadrons were sighted in thick, snowy weather in the North Sea on Saturday, and firing was heard'for 20 minutes. The Germans rapidly retired behind the Island of Rom (to the north of Sylt), two of them having become dis- abled. The German squadron included | several disguised merchantmen. Pre- ! liminary to the main action 12 Brit- 1 ish destroyers on Friday got between four German destroyers and Heligo PTE. J. MITCHELL. 2nd Battalion. He received a billy sent by Miss M. A. Gibbney, of Loftus-street, West Perth. land, and, by skilful manoeuvring; compelled them to steam northwards. Later on armed German trawlers and other vessels, carrying four seaplanes, and accompanied by' two Zeppelins, joined them. - It is reported that part of this flotilla' has been destroyed. Ves- sels report having passed .on the high sea 50 German and SO British ships." Apart from-the British seaplane raid and continuous aeroplane* encounters in the Verdun region interesting »aerial operations are reported from other fronts. On Saturday, week _'2E" Fiench aeroplanes bombed and. seriously dam- aged the G^fntM:i*ahip at jGhfev'^i;--ji. M^edonia. .. C^i-mán" äviä^ [ the raiders and brought down a' French machine in Greek territory. The pilot was rescued. French machine guns brought down a German aeroplane,, which fell into Lake Kiran. The' oe cupants were drowned. On. Monday, thc Huns replied by raiding. Salonika "at dawn. They cruised in the air for half an hour, killing 18 civilians and wounding 21. Many of the inhabitants became - panic-stricken and fled to the country. Two enemy aeroplanes were brought down. Italian anti- aircraft guns on the Isonzo brought down three Austrian aeroplanes. .Five of the Aus- trian airmen were made prisoners, and the commander of the squadron was killed. A large Bulgarian munitions depot, has been blown up (whether by aeroplanes or by some other agency is not stated), and a great number of casualties' resulted. George Prade, a well-known aeronautical expert, states that he recently inspected a Zeppelin at Revigny. (evidently the Zeppelin re- cently destroyed by the French gun- ners). Its' number showed that at least J>2 similar vessels had been con [ structed by Germany during the last 18 months. Germany is now-complet- ing one Zeppelin every ten days. The metal used in the motors and propel- lers -was aluminium toughened with a slight alloy of copper and zinc. The airships tapered towards the stern, thus.giving less-resistance to tbe air. The Zeppelin he inspected apparently had a crew of 28 men, ánd carried 1500 kilogrammes of bombs composed of 20 projectiles, each placed in a .special bomb-thrower and fired by an electric current controlled by a push-button in the cabin. The vessel carried six ma- chine guns, but no cannon. "There are," says Mr. Prade, "three forms of defence, against Zeppelins possible; firstly, by gun-planes before the raid- ers reach London or Paris; secondly, by anti-air craft guns while the Zeppe- lins are over the cities; and, thirdly, by light chasing aeroplanes armed with machine guns and incendiary" rockets to attack the Zeppelins on the return journey at. a high altitude. Germany has 40 of these aeroplanes to-day, mostly patrols. In the North Sea the principal task of the Zeppelins is to keep up communications between the fleet and the submarines." There has been a recrudescence of strikes on. the Clyde, and the Minister of Munitions has at last taken drastic action. He has "deported" six of the ringleaders--i.e. removed them to I3dipburgh.-7-Major Scot-Skirving, a Sydney surgeon, has won golden opinions by extracting a bullet from thé*heart Of Private Holder. The in- jured man was told that he might live two months with the bullet in his heart, but he preferred to accept Ma- jor Scot-Skirving's offer of an opera- tion, although warned that he had a hundred-to-one chance of surviving. Holder said "Good-bye" cheerfully to his comrades in the wards. He "sur- vived, however, and is progressing favorably.-The usual yarn comes from America as to the intense indignation of the country that is "too proud to fight" at the latest submarine out- rages.-In the House of Commons dur- ing the week Mr. Pemberton-Billing, the new aviator-politician, accused the Government of murdering aeroplane pilots by providing them with unsuit- able and unsafe aeroplanes and in- ferior engines. He declared that with- in 20 miles of London aeroplanes were obtainable superior to anything pro- duced by Germany, yet the British au- thorities were ontent with the rub- bish from the Government factories. The British air service casualties were 150 killed, lfiO wounded, and 105 miss- ing. Improperly armed aeroplanes from which it was impossible to see to shoot were sent up in pursuit of Zeppelins, and the British airmen were helpless.-In the Commons on Wed- nesday a lieutenant of the Army Medi- cal Corps leapt from the distinguished strangers' gallery, dropped 25ft. to the floor, and-fell upon his face. Springing up, he made a wild rush to the Trea- sury table, shouting "Protect the heads of our soldiers from shrapnel!'' Mem- bers and attendants quickly surround- ed the man, and removed him from the Chamber._ '¡"nv Perth Caledonian Society will be glad to give advice and information to any Scottish immigrant. Write to the secretary. Mr. D. R. Cargill, 22 "Venn street. North Perth, or the Chief, Mr. J. Maccallum Smith, "Sunday Times" .Office. 