GENERAL CABLES. ' The immigration officials this mor ning unsuccessfully searciiecl the Ni agara for Les Darcy, the Australian boxer. New York papers are d'scussing the Possibility of matching - • Carpentier and Darcy if they com'e to America. The Copenhagen. Referendum haB resulted in an overwhelming major ity -in; fnvor of the sale of the Dan ish West Indies- 'M. Poiliken" says that any further opposition is _ Impos sible. • • : ' Apparently a'strike oii thei' Irish Great South Western Railway system is inevitable. The men have -refused the owners' offer of a 2/ weekly in-, crease; and demand-6/; '' Notices ex pire to-night. • .The company has. noti fied the discontinuance or goods traf fic. ■ ■ Mr. Thomas," M.P.,,'announces that the • Government has 'decided, to take over the ■ Irish railways. ' The men must not-stop work. This bill will enable; immediate negotiations to be opened, and any strike would iLe fatal to tho men's best interests. The Paris new Government's lirst step will bo to seek power to take the necessary war measures, except ing a money order voto. Iby a decree instead of legislation. This applies to agricultural and industrial produc tion, and labor and food. M. Briand proposes forthwith to apply theso Powers to the prohibition of liquor containing over 15 'per cent of alco hol. The Chamber, after a lively de bate, by 308 to 1S7, referred-the pro posal to a special commission. II. Briand explained that lie desired the power to requisition men in addition to supplies whenever required. Count von Bernstorff'is endeavour ing to manipulate a press campaign favorable to a peace conference. The Hearst papers are assisting with edi torials and special articles, and one ' journal is organising a petition to President Wilson towards-'peace. A Bill has been dTafted establishing Ministeries of Labor, Food and Ship ping, and fixes the salaries at £2000 each. The Ministries of Food and Shipping will terminate twelve mouthb after the war. Admiralty aeroplanps on Frida> bombed effectively Razlovcl, to the eastward of Istip. A- Serbian official message states that in Mesopotamia our forces are advancing northwards on both banks of the Hal river, and have established an outpost within three quarters oh a mile of the Tigris, southwards of Kut. All official message froni S-Uong ilia ii-eilorfts 'an lisolalted (Bulgai* lan attack on our new positions on the Struma front. They were repulsed. The Royal navy have shelled hostile entrenchments eastward of Necliori. A w'reless message states tnr Conservatives in the Reichstag Cau cuh have passed a resolution that the peacc negotiations must not be con ducted on. the lines ot .peace- at an> nrice. The Conservatives firmly ex pected that the .advantages which have, been 'gained with. .bh^rWood and brain of-their troops shall :be the_..>a gig of peace, guaranteeing the mui • tary, economic and financial future of ° Th!T"Daily Telegraph" Rorn® ^r respondent states that extraordinarj precautions are being takea in Bcri n in view of the meeting of the Relcn stag Gravest happenings are con s'dered probable, owing to the hungn populace's excitement. The people were hoping to see large su'^®s ° Rumanian cereals, but npne have jet arrived. '•••••. A Copenhagen message sa>s that the German Conservatives and Na tional Liberals are greatly ^dissatisfied, because the Reichstag had not Jin opportunity- of discussing P&3CeJ£°"_ posals before Dr. Holwegg s announ The civilian mobilisation has com menced at MMgeburg, and the com mander ■ has offered 'dlvlUal^ . ,t0 watch the ra'lways, work the,»tele phones, and assist at the military de P°It" is officially announced that the United States , will forwardthe Cen tral Powers' peace proposals to tne Entente Powers without comment. 3500 persons at a Belgian deporta tion protest meeting in' New York cheered' most vociferously Mr. James Beck's assertion. that "if ^h® t ons do not stop Count Bernstoiff should get his passports.' . The universal press correspondent with the British armies on the Somr me, Mr. Simms, says that the soldiers grinned at the bulletins, giving the; German peace proposals, and went ahead methodically smashing . the German trenches with heavy artillery. A Petrograd message says that tne Foreign"" Minister in the Duma says tliat the German peace proposals were quite unacceptable, ana were de vised' in order to hearten the Ger mans;'- who seem exhausted, and also to prejudice the Allies in the eyes of tbe neutrals. ' . A German official cable, says: uur Dobrudja army is pursuing tile ene my who, as a result of out rapid-ad vance in Great Wallachia; has evacu ated his positions of last night. The order 'fix'ng Thursday as a, meatless day, 'is expected: shortly for operation in January." - Other orders are 'in preparation for enforcing sug ar tickets, inaugurating mixed bread consisting of wheat and maize, °ats oi barley. The pure wheaten loaf is forbidden. '" . •' • Mr. Hodge has addressed a further letter to the Liverpool boilei'makers, delivering an ultimatum to them to resume on Monday. He. states tlia the War Council has endorsed his ac tion. ' ■: -.) ' A Paris journal states that a Portu guese expeditionary force" under Gen eral Tamagnini, is coming to France. At Johannesburg there has been the greatest gathering of the Dutch since before the Boer war in celebrat ing Di Ngaan's Day. At Paarde kraal, near Krugersdorf. - Many fam ilies trekked for mouths previous m order to be present. General Botha was the dominating figure, and thous ands attentively listened to 'his quiet and : dignified address. , ' On 'the' Yacherville-Beaumont road French contingents suddenly surged u'P lehind the Germans, causing them to abandon guns and everything. The -attackers from Poivres Hill assisted the route, and in an haur and a half from . the commencement of the at tack' the French were on top of the village of Lbuvem'ont, which was speedily captured. The Germans sur rendered along the whole line. The victorious troops then , pushed on to Cliambrettes farm, southwest of the horu of Boidefosses. Our artil lery flre had completely destroyed the I-Iaudremont defences, so that they were unable to assist the enemy, who fell hack in disorder, leaving tne whole of the wood in French hanils. General Mangin having gained his ob jective, despatched search parties in all directions, who destroyed numer ous guns. Tiie positions captured yesterday were those captured by the Germans on the 25th of February last. Count Bernstorff lias interviewed Mr Lansing. " Bernstorff Bald that if the belligerents'will agree to meet in Conference Germany will su'oniU de finite!plans, and'term's:: : - The Metropolitan police have re leased 5000 policemen to enable them to join the army on 1st January. Pro bably the result will bo, the exten sion of duty :liours from ' eight to twelve, and also an extra day's duty fortnightly. ■ . , A Paris communique discloses that, following up the success on the right of the Meuse, we progressed in the Caurleres wood, and captured the vil lage of Bezonvaux. There was a- vio lent German attack at Pepperhilt at the close of yesterday, which was de cisively repulsed. We maintained the whole of the new front, and prison ers are flowing in. They exceed 9000. including' 250 .officers. The material is still uncounted, but .8tl guns wore captured or destroyed. '> The .Rome "Tribune" Athens correspondent says the blockade '.is exceedingly strict, and there is only alxten days ibread In the city. The inhabitants are already on bread rations, Meat and vegetables ^ve plentiful, but the blockaders seized four sailing vessels laden-with foodstuffs. The allie's are.complete ly "in control of the Straits ot Cor inth..:. - »k . A great Royalist demonstration has token place in the provinces. Dr. Von Bethman Holwegg, prior lo a meeting of the! Reichstag, refused to give -the peace details to a private conference of Ills party leaders. The Chancellor demanded unfettered pow ors for the negotiation, otherwise ho would resign. The Rumanian retirement was car ried out under the Grand Duke Nicho las' advice. Dulce Nicholas has tak en over tho command of the opera tions in Rumania. A small enemy bombing party ycs tereve to the northward of Hill 60, on the Ypres salient, caught our barrage. We bombarded tho trenches nprtli ward of Hulluch, and eastward of Neuvecha'pelle. Tile London ''Observer's" corres pondent at Petrograd says that Al. Perovslcy was appointed the day after Hollwegg's speech. He is an honest, hard working man, andi has ' won rounds of applause in the Duma by his emphatic reject'on of the Gerjnan advances. Although the Russian Cabinet is enjoying public confidence. It has not yet granted any opinion in regard to the German proposals. There is a' growing flrmnesB'for striking in unan imity, and the whole country, from top l.o bottom, is insistent for tho r;- ' organisation >for victory, hence the de nunciation of the dark forces or irre sponsible influences which tare re garded as the chief obstacle Tor tho complete fusion of the Government with the nation. Even the reactionary association of nobles, which iu 1915 denaUMg^yj^lmmon'ng the Duma, lias MH^^HPSiisted, and its executive HBPP^Wrruled its previous decisions - as "cabled. It is stated from, a well informed source thut Koeber's downfall marks the triumph of the iUtssian Magyar plan to exploit Austria renewing Aus tro- Hungarian customs agreement, arid the commercial agreement with Germany, thus securing the free ad mission of German manufactures and Hungarian farm produce into Austria. Indications are that Germany is es pecially desirous -of;.; crushing ' .the Czech economic organisations which / threaten to control Austria and even1 invade Germany. 