SOME POST-BELLUM PROBLEMS. » 1 . . " -ro tho 'Editor. Sir,— There are three"'- types of problem: which will have :to 'be solved: by. us at tho Peace Conferoncc:aiul immediately after: first ly. those affecting the iEmpiro as a whole; se- eondlj', those ;particularly affecting us and generally the- Empire; thirdly, those Internal matters, (the dedision of which will bo /wholly in our nands. Tim main icaturcs or cue limi tary situation :niay induce us to hope, humbly, that God" will givo us a complete victory over our formidable adversaries— untamed, a4 yet, though they be. On that assumption it_ is time, wo began to examine' tho matters which will then' -arise 'for settlement. For tlie maintenance of world peacp, wo should strive for a permanent alliance between tlie British, .Russian, and Japanese Empires, France, Italy, Spain, Belgium, Portugal. Nor way. Denmark, /Holland, nnd the greater Sor- bins and Roumanias which will bo formeil. This;, with vtlie cultivation of friendship he- twedn the grand Allianco and America. But the: latter, with its mass of diverse ami undi: gested races, is too uncertain a quantity to be admitted to participation in the Alliance even though sho sought it. The old Amoi"',a of lofty soul is dead; the new America has yet to find her soul. To those who know Amer ica as a whole, and wore not misled by the . tone of the bettor-elass journals of its East only, the futility of tho pathetic faith of Britons and Australians in American goodwill has always ' been apparent. Noxt, the reduc- tion of .the1 Gentian armies to a force merely, equal to the subjugation of intornnl disorder, each constituent State to raise its own armj by voluntary ' enlistment only, such force to be under thdt Stato's solo control. The term for enlistment to bo f ourteon years, This . would provent tho trick by which Prussia evaded a similar purpose of Napoleon's. No ' - munitions nor armament factories to be per mitted in all Germany, and all orders from her for military purposes to receive, before hand, tlie sanction of tlio Alliance. German States- possessing seaboards to bo pormitted the maintenance of "a limited num ber of light - cruisers, which should be built without the 'Empire. Her right. 'to maintain Dreadnoughts and submarines, to cease. The cession of Heligoland to England and the right of Russia to occupy a certain limited area of territory lit the Baltic and of 'Bri tain a similar area at the North Sea ends of the Kiel Canal, aiid to- maintain.' there such . forces as they may mutually agree upon. . The restoration of the Danish speaking por tion of Schleswig-Holstein to/Denmark. The remainder to be autonomous under the protec tion of the Alliance. The Rhine to be' the western frontier of Germany which shall not be permitted to fortify it. ,.' Indemnities to be paid to Belgium- by Ger many, and to , Serbia by the new Austria. Such indemnities to- be paid in material, gold, and— if demanded— labor only. The public trial of the Kaiser as represent ing the Central Alliance before an interna tional tribunal. He is, but a poseur of the /book- agent type of liian. On this occasion, as many times before, ho; strutted to tho edge ' of the precipice in order' to display his figure, Then the war party pushed him over. There fore, no personal punishment should ho in-' dieted. Such would. but. put him .in.a martyr's light to German eyes. . .But the tribunal- speaking iii the name of that high civilisation which lies in the spirit and hot- in mere liiater-- ial achievement— could place on.recoid for all . time its solemn condemnation of that brute feeast and its metho'dV- wbieh we are now whip ping out of tho'Gerinan heart. The imposition of an export duty, collected, and retained by "the /Alliance, on all goods leaving Germany for a period of twenty-five years, its maximum" incidence to be fixed by the .Alliance. "Military and trade inspectors to be maintained" in '.Germany by the latter. Autonomy 'to 'bo granted to Hanover as a republic under the protection of the Alliance. Acquiescence !by 'the 'Grand Alliance, m the Russian rpurposo regarding all Poland; guar antees tof autonomy , to 'bo giVen. by Russia as to tho 'present /Austrian and Prussian por: ' tions. . , . E A clause to bo'iiiserted in the German , Con stitution, permitting any State iii the Empire to peacefully secede' therefrom within one year of its indtif iedtion . of 'that - purpose. _ Such ser . cession to' be complete wltliin that time. / : The estahlishmciit "by tlie 'Grand Allianco of a permanent High 'Coiirt of Nations to "tho judgment of Gliieh endli of the contracting parties to the Allipnce inust pledge itselC 'to, submit. The miiinteiiaiioo 'by each . of tdeiii of such military and -navdl forces as may; be agreed upon 'by all 'in -con'fcrenee. Such forces to be used to -support tho authority of the High 'Court. \ - ; Any dispute between (a) members of the Grand Alliance, or (b)/ -any .member and a power without 'the Alliance, -necessarily to bo referred to the High Court. 'If 'tho decision of the Court be hostile to the outside Power and disiegardod 'by 'libr, 'it dhcill 'he enforced by tlio. Alliance. , - Various other poiitts, such as-the restoration in kind and as far -as qioss/ib'le of Allied ship-, ping submarined'; of 'the "punishment of. indi viduals respotisfble for oittragos on persons when offenders are traceable,. anil of monetary reparation by G-ermany/tb tlie dependents of such victims — suggest 'themselves, but. need not now lie' enlarged 'upon:/ ' ./v To turn to Imperial matters affecting Aus- -tralia pavticularij': Among the mass of post- bellum re-nrrangements, the Commonwealth should see to it that an attempt is mado to . purchase from Holland the alien portion of New Guinea. And another" to induce Franoo to transfer to us those islands under joint, _ and those whieli, like New Caledonia, are entirely under French control, but are all within tho Australian zone of interest. Wo shall ' not have such an opportunity again, and while (these lands continue under foreign flags they 'will continue to be possiblo sources of quar- «a! - Anofi.nlio ia nlrrtfliW P.lllfif TlOWfir 111: tlie South Pacific, and in partnership with her; sister State/Canada, she is destined to ac-, complisli vitally important work In that ocean ' work so important that the continued peace of tho world may depend upon it. Fleets aro more largely a matter of money than of groat populations, and it is easily possiblo for tlie Commonwealth to have immediately the third fleet in tho Pacific, and to aspire to a higher position in the not very remote future. Lot it never be forgotten that with tho largest island in tho world we have insular necessities as well as insular blood and traditions. If the Empiro purchased tlie Congo from Belgium — which is obviously overwoighted by tlie burden of that great, colony— concessions there might ho made to Franco in return for the islands. But among the great spread of German territory captured by us in Africa, it should be easy to find somo which would afford France a far bettor outlet for her over seas energy than sho now lias in North Af- rica. Tho matter is tho loss complicated since lior Polynesian possessions aro not on her routo to her more important colonios. Turning to our internal affairs wo .shall find many problems the solution of which will tnlio anany years. There is, for instance, that of the German in our midst. And hero ono must digress in order to hold up tho incapacity and cowardico of tho present Queensland Govern- . mcnt as an instance of what wo muBt avoid. In the past the German settlors have boon the poddies of the Queensland Government. They have beeri nursed and spoon-fed while our own people have been left to battle as best tliey coultl, unaided. Tlio Germans liavo boon placed 111 groups— always a vital error. And that for two reasons always apparent (1) It provents their absorption nnd that of most of — nt least — tlicir immediate descendants by the mass of tlio body politic, nnd tends to per petuate among us an alien outlook and an -alien tonguo; (2) it is not fair to the sottlora tiigmsplvsp, >vho then form a mass of inex- $£//:/' pcricncc and lack the help which tho comlsel or example of native Australian neighbors would otherwise afford them. To this, add inow, a third: each group lias become a centre of koon disloyalty. On this occasion I liavo Ibccn travelling in Queensland nearly twelve months, and during the whole of that time in closest touch with rural dwellers and condi tions. At placos like ICumbia, in the. King- aroy district, and the Binjour plateau, near Gayndali, disloyalty is rampant, whilo it is a matter of common knowledge that tho West Moroton district is a sea of sedition. I have been informed by reputable persons that, both on tho plateau nnd near tho railway between ICilkivan and Murgon, tho Germans hold pub lic rejoicings whon the news of -Kitchener's death arrived. Yet the police take no nctiou unless, perhaps, tlio disloyalty comes under their pcrsonnl notico. I, mysfelf, reported lb the Kingnroy police the conduct of a man who.; was attacking tho financial credit of /the : Commonwealth boforo me and other's. How ever, his statement that the Commonwealth could not pay gold for its notes proved to. bo OA Por flnrw/it +lmf n .1n/»ol lionV uni pay , it. / Possibly, therefore, iny complaint' deserved tlio : somewhat primitive satire with which it was grootcd by the officer in churge: at Kingaroy. But a responsible, mail and a member of a family well known in both States, informed me that lie had reported an instance of disloyalty to the same quarter, and found it rocoivcd with indifference. .And' if report may bo boliovcd, the police through out Queensland are following, tho same policy.' The fact niay yet lead to serious broncnes of the peace— perhaps . to .bloodshed. Now, ob viously, these subordinate officers are merely executing orders. . But. as .obviously; -their, su periors-are doing ' tlie same: he would -be /a rasli man," indeed, who would .accuse either the., present /Commissioner or. Chief Inspector of niiylnck of vigor. The police are merely ful filling the policy of the Government. And that in its turn, .is either in sympathy with dis loyalty or it is actuated by a cowardly fear of the German vote after the war — tho latter, of course, being actually the ease. Again, tho State partiality to Germans still continues.; Ono hears of many instances in . which the farms of men going to the war have been ac quired by Gerinans. Then ii\ tho Kumbia ' dis trict, a German who had a farm already was permitted to ballot for, and, being successful, ; to acquire a piece of Crown lands, while, among the unsuccessful applicants was a Do- ; vonsliire farmer — a married man with a fam ily and quite a considerable amount of cap-/ ital. And on tho Boyne River, out from Mun- j dubbera, I found a Prussian who had sold a ' farm near Maryborough, and had been per mitted to tako up two/ thousand acres, includ ing a couple of hundred of coastal scrub laud. And this while white men arc looking -vainly for land. Altogether, a serious indictment might be made out against tlie present Queens land Government, which, not content 'to be merely the heir to its predecessors' errors, "has niled up a mountain of its own. The ma'tter has ceased to bo ono of merely State import ance, and if' the machinery for the purpose | exists; the Federal Government should inter vene.. v . j In spito of tho cut aiid dried appearance j of the various solutions offered by me, <f liis litter is intended to be suggestive only. In ( that spirit of suggestion I propose '(!') thatj all land-ownors of onomy birth be forced to | sell their lands at a price fixed by Govern- ; ment valuators. The land of a country is tlio last thing it should be content to see in | the hands of possible enemies; (2) all wen -of i enemy birth to to permanently disenfranchis- 1 cd, together with -.all who have been convidted j of disloyalty of action or utterance; (3) the j cessation' /of all immigration from enemy coun-l tries'. / . Those may appear to be drastic rcmefl- 1 ics. Unfortunately we uto facing ills which i demand them. We do not wish to repeat in I Australia that Middle "West which has wade of ! the name of America a world jeer and .a mock- ing. Then, positively, wo need a spirited im-j migration policy, particularly from Britain,! but also from all Allied countries. Of these, Russia and Italy offer the best opportunities. The latter is especially worth cultivation.! Those overseas travellers who liavo only seen j tho lazzaroni lolling about tho streets of' Naples do not realise what an intelligent and ! industrious poasantry may be found within a .short distance. And the land-workers of the ; 'Lombardy Plains aro among the best material in Europe. Racially, too, the Italians would ; add many graces to the Australian stock, as all who know Italy, and tlie Italians will be prompt to assort. For to, know is to love eoun- . trv, and people for over. . ' - ' . : „ Many other points in our national life will ; await solution after the war: tliev may then;.- bo dealt with. But the prospect of. the new world, with its seotliing flux of opinion, bolief, and practice, and into which wo are about' to ' step, invitos tho most profound and anxious.; thought on tho part of all of -us. It will, 1/ am sure, be a now England which we shall; see- — an England freed of its port shavisius; "of its dry and barren sliihholoths; of most cf- £lio nmltitudo of shams which have cased its living soul so long. Instead, wo shall find again tlie serious, resoluto England of yore, lit by a higher consciousness, and fillcd_ with that sense of beaming brotherhood which is born of common sacrifice. And I know Australians too well -not- to fool sure that tlicy ; will ap proach the great tasks of peace with the same high spirit as that with wliicH thcy en countered tlioso of war. — Yours, ere., , - . - CECIL POOLE. \- . Jimbour, Queensland., . . , 