OK BOOKS AM> 40TH0BS.: -"Aivlufergrting Baalnl»cenee.-fc» Mr. U.ff. "Haascy (Speaker cfUniog their titles, were.as follows:—J. ,kiM/C^ 8ecret»iy *na'yreinter; T. .._ lF2emtag, Attdrney-G«nenl;J. Ashton, 'Treasurer; H. D. GeD, Commissioner or Crown Lutia; . F. Jfikttmn, Commissioner or Public Works; and W. J. Sowden,„ Minister of Educaf' jh. ' It will thus be noticed that Mr. Alton's death is the f;rst p in the personnel of the team. The —icers of that Parliament were: —Speaker. W. G. Calder; Clerk (also Secretary ana Treasurer), G. F- Hoisseyj Assistant Clerk, IF. Huaaey; Oominjtteemen, J. T. Pitch, T. H. Smeaton, and R, M. Steele. Here again it will be notice that only one of the gentlemen named haa 'crossed the bar/ and he (Mr. Colder) was an elderly man even 32 years ago. To revert to Jos^th Aobton and the part he played in Union Parliament. It is surely a coincidence members of Union Parliament ever lis tened. At that time>, as in the present, he had to deplore that the expenditure of South Australia was rapidly increasing, and the revenue decreasing—the deficit having risen to £400,000. He proposed die imposition of a land tax pure aim simple, a property tax, beer'tax. and stamp tax; all of which were agreed to, after an amendment for an income tax had been lost. Ail these taxes (excepting that on property) ultimately became the law of the State. Other proposals submitted were: —Free and compulsory education (carried), Colonial Enabling Federation Bill (carried), railways from Terowie to Silverlon and from Hergott to Birdsville (carried), payment of mem bers of Parliament (lost). The Ministry suffered a defeat early in the life of the Second Parliament on a motion for the re vision of the tariff. Mr. Edward Kay then formed the Becond Ministry as follows:— Chief Secretary and Premier, B- Kay; At torney-General, T. Gepp; Treasurer, J. Sadler; Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, J. Tassie; Commissioner of Public Works, T. H. Smeaton; Sixth Minister, W. J. Storrie. Of this list, again, one only is missing—that of Mr. . Storrie. This Ministry was in office for the shortest period of any during the whole history of the urnon—six weeks, being de feated on a motion by a private member (Mr. W. A. Robinson) for tlie immediate revision of the tariff, which the Ministry did not favour." -Denmark and Shakspeare.— Denmark has hit upon an original method of celebrating the Shakspeare Ter centenary. The Danish Authors' Society proposed in the beginning of July to give a performance of '^Samlet" at the Castle of Elsinore, the scene of the Hamlet legend. The existing Kroaborg Castle is, of course, many centuries later than any date that can possibly be assigned to the •historic Hamlet—if, indeed, there was ever such a person. On the other hand, it has been argued with some plausibility that Shakspeare may have had Kronborg Castle in his mind when he wrote the play, for it had certainly been visited by some of his fellow-actors, and possibly by himself. Moreover, the manners portrayed in the day belong rather to the early dare of fronborg than to any period to which the 'Amlethus" of Soxo Grammaticus can poMibly be assigned. An address was to be delivered, on the occasion of the per formance, by some Danish scholar. Dr. George Brandos, to whom the task would naturally be allotted, was unfortunately not available. A piece of old Danish music, which has been discovered in the British Museum, will also be performed. No one in Denmark would dream of the ring anachronism of introducing into _amlet" the Danish national song of to day, Ewald's "King Christian," as English and German managers have been known to do. It is about as appropriate as it would be to make "Scots what bae" the overture to "Macbeth." —Authors' Wills.— A pathetic item in a recent issue of an English newspaper told of the late Stephen Phulips's estate amounting in valne to £5. Few authors, having anything at all to leave, have left so little, though hundreds have died penniless, ana one, at least, could make a jest of it; for in the will or Rabelais, dated 1553, there is this phrase— "I have no available properly; I owe a meat deal: tbe rest I give to the poor." On the other-hand, more than one writer has left riches. Rabelakfe countryman, Victor Hugo/left estate. in England alone, amounting' to £92,126. Lord Lytton ("'Owen Meredith") left £73,270, end Lord Tennyson £16,777, Matthew Arnold, on the other Aana,l&£fc, in the briefest will ever winded, only £1,011, —Airmen in Shakspeare.— A correspondent to a British journal re cently seat the following quotations from Shakspeare o.n tbe airman, nis Fights and battles:— Some aii}' devil hovers In tbe sky. And poctre down mischief. —King John, 111., 2. :e fiery warriors fought upon tbe clouds, anks 'and squadrons 'and right form ol noise of battle hurtledtn the air. —Julius Oesar, II., S. Who ever know the heavens menace Sof —Julius Oesar, I., t w cannons' malloe vainly shall be spent gal net "tbe invulnerable tfouda of heaven. —King John,.II., L A winged messenger of heaven . Unto tbe whlte-uptunicd woad'riag eye* Of mortals, that nil back to cue on him When he bestrides the laay-packig clouds, And, sails upon the bona of the .air. —Borneo and Juliet, n., . Iroprison'd in tbe viewless winds, And blown with restlea violence round about The pendant world. ' —Ilea*)re for Measure, 1X1.. 1. Striding the Mast, Or . . , hota'd • Upon the sightlan couriers ot the sir, —Macbeth, l„ 7. Tea, iuaa and birds are fain of climbing high. I 'tfaourht as orach ■ he'd be above the clouds. It* i 