THE PICTURE SHOWS GOSSIP OF THE FILMS For the concluding scenes of The Highest Bidder, William Russell . and his compa!ny spent a week in the snow on the highest peak of the Sierra Madre' mountains. ? ? '* Harry Meyers and Rosemary Thelby,' associated for so long in Lubin fea tures, then later with Universal, have gone to Jacksonville to make a new series of comedies for Gaumont. Jane Bermondy (Universal) has named her 'little motor car Evangeline, and on Evangeline's birthday Jane's friends were invited to bring their cars along arid make a day of it. Whether the guests were required to toast Evan geline in gasolene is not stated. Mutual announces the annexation of four new stars — Mary Miles Minter, Richard Bennett,. Helen Holmes, and Audrey Munson. These stars will appear in five-reel features. Helen Holmes has recently signed, a new contract with. Mutual,' and Miss Minter .has left Metro, to join same company. ' ? * * * Director Maurice Tourneur (World) recently took a company to one of :the Southern SJp.tes of America to make a picture. 'Starring Beban* World pub licity department describes the photo play (unnamed) as 'something of the pastoral, idyllic, Paris Bohemian kind.' Just what is meant by that is not stated. ? » ? 'My first production, for Famous Players will be released on the Para mount programme on May 4 (says Val entine Grant). I have the role of a mod ern Irish immigrant, a characterisation which my sojourn in Ireland with , the Sid Olcott Company gave me every op portunity to study. This, with a consid erable drop of Irish 'blood in my own veins, has helped me to interpret my last role fairly accurately. The picture has been called The Innocent Lie, which by the way is a misnomer.' ; The suit , of the Balboa Amusement Producing Company against Henry B. Walthall for .£4000 for alleged breach of contract has been decided in favor of the defendant. 'A search' of the law books fails to reveal a single instance where the employer is successful in damages against the em ploye,' said Mr. H. M. Horkeimer, president of the company; 'but they are full of decisions favoring the em ploye against his master.' Mr. Hor keimer announced at the conclusion of the suit that if his .company had been successful against Mr. Wal thall it would have contributed the £4000 to the actors' fund. City and suburban showmen were in a merry mood at th'e luncheon tendered by them to Mr J. H. Perry, late mana ger of Amalgamated Pictures Ltd., .who has been secured by Mr A. B. Hellmich to look after affairs at the Melbourne ofii- ce of Co-operative Film Exchange. The function, which was devoid of any thing savoring of depressing formality, took place at the Savoy Cafe on Fri day last, and was attended by a repre sentative gathering of old and new friends of the guest. Mr H. Phillips, as chairman, : saw to it that everybody felt at his' ease, and appeared to know instinctively ' whom to call upon for a good story. Mr Laurie Nunn (Royal Pictures) was en trusted with the toast of Our Guest, and his tribute to the unfailing tact and courtesy which Mr Perry had dis played in dealing with showmen was supported by Mr J. C. Langley and -a number of others. In presenting .Mi Perry with an inscribed gold, watch as an expression ;of the regard in which he was held by showmen, Mr Phillips voiced the hope that Mr Perry's career' in his new office would be 'as successful as '?it had been in the past. Mr Perry's reply was interestingly re miniscent of the dark days of former years, when the public attitude to mov ing pictures was. not as decided' as it is now, arid the lives of showmen were filled with worries, that taxed the in genuity of the exchange manager to dispel. The brighter and better con ditions of today afford a pleasing con trast, and to the present happv state of affairs. Mr Perry has contributed much by his constructive work for1 the common good. '? The Smalleys have finished filming a, dramatic scenario of Lois Weber's, en titled The Eye of God. . Tyrone Power is featured. ' . Seena Owep, the Fine Arts; star, had to take a vacation recently to rest her eyes, which.were becoming .- badly, affected by the studio .lights. ' ' '.' 'Photographs of \ Anita - Stewarti the pretty Vitagraph star,- sold at a New York theatre' recently, irt aid of a i thea trical charity, were disposed of at up to £1 each; ' , - .Tenders are allied: for the lease of the hew Town. Hall, Port . Melbourne, for moving pictured, etc., for three or more nights weekly for 12 months, The ten ders close with the Town Clerk on Tuesday ne.xt.at 4 p.m. - ? Little Pauline Curley, who has a leading role in Where Love Leads (Fox), , is 12 years old, and is said to be the youngest woman photoplayer ap pearing in star parts- In Where Love Leads Pauline is cast as a society girl of IS. '? - s V-:- When Richard Travers (Essana'y) made his first , appearance in' vaudeville at Chicago Palace Theatre, on April 17, lie attracted a: big muster of movie fans* Travers! turn consisted of a description' of life at a motion picture studio,' and a few hundred feet of film cartoon relative to himself. The audi ence received Travers warmly, and ap parently liked his 'talk.' Iva Shepard has been secured for Gaumont features to be released on Mutual* programme. Miss Shepard. who was born in Cincinnati, and educated at Chicago, has been doing screen work for some time, and has appeared in re leases for Selig, Universal, Fox, Famous Players. Life Photo. Company, and others. She is featured in 'The 'Haunted Manor, The Isle of. Love, and The Drifter, for Gaumont. Betty Nansen, the gifted Danish ac tress. has scope for powerful work in the Celebrated Scandal (Fox), one of the Olympia feature films for this week. Scandalmongers associate the virtuous wife of Don Juliancand his high-minded young kinsman, Ernesto, in an alleged intrigue, but as the tor-., mented husband falls in a duel with a gossiping Marquis, who has been active in spreading the scandal, it looks as if the author himself considered Don Julian in the .way, and took this op portunity to remove him. There are some important people in the support ing cast, including Edward Jose, Wil muth Mer.kyl and 'Walter Hitchcock Thanhouser's Million Dollar Mystery has turned up in Caracas, Venezuela, and is being screened ,at a circuit of movie houses run by a syndicate known as the Sociedad de Cines y Espectacu1 los, Compania Anonima. It appears that the film has not yet quite sup planted the bull-fight as the national amusement, for at the Circo Metropoli tario, one of the_ shows operated by the aioresfciiu- ouuic«a.u, cuu, shown on week days, and on Sundays are stowed away, when the local brand Of toreador, matador, and others of that ilk torment bovines for the enjoyment of the populace. The Mystery, how ever, has taken a two-handed hold on the fans', and according to' one acpo.unt, 'they actually get up, jump, shout, beat the seats with their canes, and throwrhats when an exciting' scene is being shown. 'Thejr even whistle to warn the hero that trouble . is., coming his way.' . ' ' ! ' ? ? # 'I study a picture part just as I would a stage role,' declares Clara Kimball Young. 'That is to say, for Camille I carefully went over the character and analysed it. Of course, the motion picture is much more ela borate than the stage production,, but, armed with the knowledge of Camille I had gained by studying every phase of her . character, I was enabled, while enacting the role to put speeches into her mouth which I knew fitted her personality., Perfect .accord in language y/ith the motions necessary to 'get the scene over' helps tremen dously to make the actor forget the ever- vigilant eye of the camera and an excited, gesticulating director. Shadow languia.ge is an important. -ac- cessory to the art of the picture player — a point that is too frequently ne glected: by him. 'As a matter of fact, I - 'write' most of my own parts for the screen. ? Some of the manuscripts I commit to memory cover as many as a hundred pages of typewritten paper,' In Camille, Paul Capellani plays Armand, a* role sustained by him in Paris with Madame Bernhardt. Albert Capellani directed Camille, and, it is said, followed closely the Bernhardt production in many ways. What happens to the slender^ pretty ingenue who can no longer look a cam era in the eye and register sweet IS— when the crow's feet creep into her tired eyes and the lines one byi one make her mouth look old and she can no longer please a fastidious director demand ing . realism ? ' (asks the . 'Chiea,go ?Herald'). If she is only 40 years old, or perhaps just 35, she. doesn't care to retire from active service with a badge pinned to her frock announcing, '?Disqualified from studio use (by age.' She knows she can act just as; . well as she ever did— better, perhaps, because experience is on her side. Whi', then, because a cruel camera tells the truth must she bow to the inevitable' and make room for a younger star? She need not retire if she is versatile. Many scenarios call for .mature stars. In these plays she fits nicely, but if sh'e has done ingenue roles all her life, older leads are not to her liking, either. If fluffy ruffles, the simple maid from the country, and the child sweetheart are beyond her age limit, and strong r dra matic' parts have .no charms for her, she is indeed facing a serious problem un less , she , can do character parts. Here is where the chance to be versa tile comes in. If she is a good, all round actress she . can: do character ieads. Many 'actresses realise what a world of opportunity -there, is in doing these roles for. the screen. - If one can fit into any part there is always a place waiting in the studio. | 