German Australians and the Franchise. i*r£i!im\yi juf-tice aml fair Play for fellow Str 'St but 'Ot for the °ther Attitude of Australian workers not exemplary. ?') general outcry has .been heard in orthodox patriotic circles of late against ? yiauaimns or uerman origin or extrac tion being permitted to vote at political elections. Mr. Holman, first, of all Aus tralian Premiers, has announced that he is contemplating measures to deprive German-Australians of their right to vote. Overboard has gone gradually the civil rights of the citizens in Australia of German, extraction, accompanied by all the worst features of racial hatred and bigoted, callous persecution Does it mean that when BritishAus tralians proclaim their adherence to the principles of fair, play, justice and liberty, they mean fair play, justice and liberty only for British-Australians, but none for the other fellow? British people have never been reluctant to claim the right of citizenship wherever they have appear ed. How can they expect to retain the sympathy^ of anyone if they apply one set of principles to themselves and an other set when other people are con cerned ? In Germany there are millions of R/us sians, French, Poles, and Danes who have not been deprived of their rights. The Danish and Polish members of the Reich stag who did not support the war have not been expelled .from the Reichstag. They are still there, advancing the claims of non-German sections. In Australia — 16,000 miles away from the war — we have no German Members of Parliament. We have not even a German vcjte. Germans have taken their place alongside their fellow citizens in the existing political parties, and have generally done their share to uplift the people both intellectu ally and materially. Yet, spurious Aus tralian patriots go into hysterics border ing on silliness. Shall it end with this country Avhich is claimed to be the freest on earth being one of the most intolerant on which the sun shines? Much has been said as to what harm the- German-Australians might do if they were permitted to retain their rights 'as citizens. But I think that there is far more reason to believe that BritishAus tralians may go against the interests of Australia than there is that GermanAus tralians should do so. The fact is that every German who has immigrated to a foreign country will have lost much of his racial prejudices, and will therefore be able to look at things in a far more, reasonable frame of mind than the man who comes directly out of the patriotic nurseries — the national schools — and never has been under neutralising influ ences. :?? I believe it can be said that with very few exceptions the Australian of German extraction is for peace, not for war. He knows very well that he will be the last man on ccirin iu uciiciil hujh nus wai. Why should, then, the voice that calls for peace be stifled, while the frenzied bark and yell of the war-mad are the only voices to be tolerated? ' .' : The attitude of the 'Australian workers during the present war have by.no means been exemplary. German-Australians who have been doing their best to help and co-operate with their comrades of British extraction, and have often enough suffered severe privations in an unequal contest, have been ignominiously deserted by their own class. Recently the miners at Broken Hill asked for support from all the members of their own class. Yet, the same miners had recently expelled and victimised their comrades of German extraction. In Western Australia thou sands of workers of foreign extraction have been thrust into misery and de gradation, not by the brutal capitalist class, but by their own flesh and blood. The position of the German-Australian at present is not an enviable one, and it is about time that some of those who boast of their own virtues should scrutin ise their actions and the consequences of them, and give their consideration to the maxim that he who sows evil shall reap evil. The vicious sentiments engendered in the present world-calamity and nur tured by reaction and ignorance will take a long time to eradicate in any case. The fostering of primeval passions by those who ought to know better will not make our task in the future any easier. H. CHRISTOPHERSON. Under the present system a few not only have the power to live on the toil of others, but have the legal right to hand the same power down to their descendants. 