8eHlln| ob thB laid. ('Alone the Unt.') A man writes me from far ftwy back asking about a cwden that he saWkAdvertfted. He wants to come 'inside,' as be say*. HuThas three or tvar XA'ana alwiit btoi vtA b* V» ^Un^-- ing of them; I Have written him leniitg of the tgarden snd of irbu h* Is likely to do. He .asks If there tvr© pesU in gardens, and I'\\*e told him there are, and 1 have told him I know of no C*r den where the ^ranges XaU oft into the cases and naught is to jbe.done save cart them to -he railway and c*t 12s a case. I ha,v* told him Cher* Is si ways work and worn1* Tet with it s,l. tbe right kind Ot man can t&alce; ft U\e llhood la-comfort. 4ry Utom and All. given &. well -chosen slocallty he can have a. better life than be can trawl* Ung and dro\\*ing out bade. He won't make a rli.c. tout he will live, even if he only grew tomatoes and potatoes on a square chain, and .he had to pump much water In dry months to keep this going; flhd yet he could live and be hie o«m boss, and there is much In that. Thli man asks -would I advise. etc., and I, cay No— decidedly no; i would not advise anybody* because haJf the men who want to cetUe on the land have wrong loeai end have no tenacity of purpose. They are cot ?Uckers. I know a hard-working n*a,n who thought he liked the land. He had cneaos and he bought a farm on the coast. He was discouraged at his first, reverse and sold. out, losing *JI be paid. His next effort waa Inland on as good a block of land as one could wish. He had tome sheep. Last year he struck the dry time we ail dd and he was discouraged again. He acid the' sheep and ^practically gave away his land and . his 'home, yet just near him was another man as comfort able and iiappy as could be wished on much leji land, I closed sny letter to my correspondent, and then I sat down to write a fiost-scrlpt which 1 never sent. This 1b It: . P.S.— 1 am Just waiting dinner before going round a paddock, and I write a Una or two more. Many men Id dry, far-back lands, like' you live In, form visions of easy life on farms, or 'in- side' from where they are, but in most cases where they shift In th«y tall, be cause their life is too alow, too corn Then many, men want a change. Chat la all. They ?buy land or' select with out thinking the matter out. or they may not have the mental capacity to work it out. 'They bullock and slave for month* without any aim. They are strong In the arm, -but weak In the Intellect. They clear land, or half clrar It— may be a lot of IU They buy meat at Sd or lOd a pound whilst they are at it, and pay IQs -g-er cwt. for potatoes from the store, and get their needs from the same -ource, including Un whlstlei and trumpet* and teddy be&ra; for iljo children, and by the time their money is due their store -aod butcher friends Ro out of feuttness with them and the eft tier la up a tree, with his selection half-cleared and no meant* whatever; and so the takes a Job clear ing for eom&body; «?!«,? or cutting urn ?ber. or working wages, and his case 4a hopeUeE. His wife- lives on the se lection, and he walki to and fro until that becomes impracticable -maybe she was never intended by nature for se lection life or that way), and the se lection is deserted. Maybe the Uie may be a little different.' -He may have got money from, tbe AgrlcuUuraV Bank. The chances are that the -storekeeper and the butcher goL the built of' It. Sow, oU the time tbie moo ha* been Dullocking (and many weli-meanlng men work very hard) he has all the tune had no policy. He never knew from the start what he was going to do, what waa .going to keep bis ration bag full, once his bit of rooDey m gone. Maybe,' On' the other hYnd, he was .going to do many things once he got on the land, tut all to In vision* exploded, and he becomes a dlie.ppo.n ted man, and poor at that. Kow, looking at it from the point of view of en old man, who has ajl his life looked to stock and to the land for hli livelihood who has done many fooUsh things on tip land, and mode many mlttakes, and been many times penniless, yet in tUl that time hu never Bought employment neither for himself nor any one «f Ms family, land who after all these yean ha« a : roof over his bead snd a. fair prospect of three meals feally until' the last call From the viewport' of this man 1 would say the main thing. And the flret consideration, Jinuit be food, with out huying 4l Bay the start Is on a 'bit of forest land, or in scrub land. On the forest land the flock'of gouts and some fowls are practicable; on tbe scrnb land it Is noL . The coat Book, at any rate. 'is not. On the forest- land tbe water [Bupply must be assured either from well or creek, and among, the reckon :nce of the settler must be the means of 'lifting water, not a backetful at a time, but pump gear of ' some kind U:at will throw 1500 to 2000 gallons an hour, and this Is available for a very few pounds, say £& foj pump and pip ing. Ths right kind -of pump well bcu£hl vlll Kft water by man power 12ft. and throw It much' higher; and given the good water, tie flock of foau, from ihe day the dray drew on to the land there could .*e'.-food from the ea.rden patch, and three 'month* after wards absolute independence^ On the Lower Burdekin some time ago I passed the camp of a group of Chinamen. It was beside a lagoon. - They had a clearing contract, and It was a dry season. Tbe lagoon was abundant in torloieej. The gang had been there a month, they toad tftlica vegetable and were -living on the -tun lea and their garden stuff, and went happy. They had good grtM humpies and a long ^dfn^g shed thatahed with grass. The ?1 new settler* am fraye vegetable in three weeka from the bourof sowinr the seed, and, given the right' knowledge, can havo potatoes and pumpkins and corn ?In plenty in three months, and with himself,' '^Co tlieM, no sun glare, good If tbe settler will only look at his nrst roonthi in this way, then be Is going to be successful, for the longer he stops the more prosperous he **- ' comes. - 1 0f course, & am taking for granted that he has some meant— £60, for instance. A cow or two can be got when he has a yard built. The goat flock five meat. Meat, milk, «««?, potatoes and pumpkin* [ Many a table* .and scatter ot old times lived halt the year on little eUt. They had cat Ue instead of «oau. Once, riding In Charlotte Plains with the late John An nlng, we came to the remains of an old homestead. It was by a spring, and hid a stone wall around the old hut and garden, and all about there was basalt stones, but the soil underneath was good.. As we looked at the old pltce my companion told me he had lived there for years and often for months at a time «-.thout rations of , any kind. He bad meat and milk and cggi. and the garden, wild honey ?* when ths blacfcboys got It frr him. IIlo trouble was salt— they had to dry tho rntat. ? .Vow. If you have read this fair and feel disposed to say 'Who'd live like a blanky Chinaman?' or 'Who'd be a * pumpkin squatter?' then you need not & eettier on the land. As a lad I Jived en the Logan Hlver for eome time. Our camp was near * pocket of fertile .tnO. on which were many Danish set tUr*. They ha4 -o» Ultra from tb* ?hip. Immigrants with nothing but rood health, and 1 was there only a year or two afterwards. They grew all their needs, and had done well, crowing corn and arrowroot. 'Whilst we camped there (a survey camp) they fetched all things for sale— eggs, bscon and vegetables, sausages, butter and cheesv, and we lived like lord* for little money. They roasted corn for coffee and made their own supply ot sugar from a few sticks growing round the plape. When they killed a pig they I wasted nothing. They mode sausages ] of meal and pork— aye. a hundred weight of sausages from the temp* of a pig Slaughtering. I have often had their corn, coffee and ' turned the ar rowroot mill. It was simply *, bis wooden wheel with s, -broad face and rigged like a grindstone. It was faced ivlih Lin, punched like a nutmeg grater, and one turned the handle and tite others held the arrowroot bulbs on un til they were ground away Into pulj!. and It wai only a matter of washing and re-washing to get ihe pure whit* arrowroot. That made good food and was «, marketable product. Alongside of this pocket and round about the. locality were many Xruh families, the Leo's, Tmhey's, Doyle's and -5a van's. Most of these had catUe and mod* butter and they Jived comfortably from a few cows and pigs. Good settlers every one, housewives with lots of eexB to aelL end they lived like any bush settler can live to-day— simply, and wjth few needs. They had good roofs over their head, and if they chose to cultivate could grow all they wished. They were Just settlers on the land, the same as you can be with your little money If you've the steadfastness in your character and tbe tenacity of pur pose. If you are a sticker you can do all things. Ask yourself If yftu. can stick, live Jo your home on sweet po tatoes and pumpkins, and get a shin tram the butcher Instead of undercut and rump steak, make tola of good soup, make your store bill a third of what Jt is now, make pies out of pie melon and pumpkin inttead of tinned fruit. Po without expensive fruits from the ahop; -do without the (qe-crcam* and the squashes and the teddy fcears and the trumpets. Don't go to the picture shows, save 'bus fares, get some good books, thB Swiss family Robin eon, and Robinson Crusoe; see how resourceful they were. You cannot get Letchbirdt* Journal, up the Qurdskln In 18*5; what banquets they hod on wallabies and pig-weed. They lived well, travelling for 15 months on very little stores, but they got much pro vender as they went along, Much of the success of life on th« land rests on the resourcefulness of the settler. When leather work Is done there Is jreenhlde— 'Greenhldte and stringy bark for ever1'— and. I should odd, wire. Aesourcefulnesa comes with experience. 'Experience,' tftAth th* *aEe, 'is a hard mi&tnss;, but Baker once had a married couple up at the. Gorge -new chums— and they gave him a lot of worry- Their camp was a little humpy across the yard. and one time I was there a big storm came on and water ran. everywhere. The cjuplo were In their humov and the man came out after a while snivel-, ling that the water wa* running into their house. A little .stream was lap ping over the doorstep snd he cams over the snivel again about the water, running into the house. Baker nearly run at him, and grabbing a shovel aukwl very forcibly why the several' klirts ot perdition be couldn't stop it running In, and he put a couple of i shovelfuls of j;it across the door. A bit of a gale once blew two ebeete! of iron off their humpy. There wsj a1 drlMle coming and they were preparing; U carry their gcur over to the kit-' chen when Baker cane. Baker gave liHn instructions to put the iron on again. Thv- iturtn-ct.on* were forcible and to the point These people ltft Baker ant boujrh'. a few acres of land to start a poftu-y farm. It was the woman wbo hod the energy, i mw the man a long line afterwards. He was working on the length., he saw. I asked where his tittle wife was and he said she had 'pegged out.' Now. there's a lot of those who ms plre *j the land who are fuatnu. th-*! man. Put ihese people down in the! Garden cf Eden with six months' tuc ker mm two horsta and plough and STitT tber'd ** cutUBr v'oa fo' tho Italian, or working on Che lengths a month after the tucker wa» done. The object in mentioning thete misfits' I. only that settler, may not be like t&em; but nay be resourceful. 