GERMANY'SJREAT BLUFF THE WORLD'S OPINION British and French Prime Ministers RESOLVE FOR COMPLETE VICTORY 133rd Day of the Third Year of the War (From Our Special Representative) LONDON, Wednesday Night. Mr. Lloyd George and M. Brland have again exchanged telegrams expressing l their unshakable resolve for a complete victory. The Foreign Office has not yet received the enemy's Note. Tlio "Daily Mall" says: — "The whole trick it- too obvious, and is the outcome o£ empty German stomachs and -ao tremendous de feats on the Somme (wher the enemy lost 700,000 men), the heavy losses at Verdun and other fronts, including half a million Austrian's during Russia's summer offensive. Although the. German reserves are not yet exhausted, we must win if the AllieB all strike at once. Germany is singularly de luded if she imagines wo will permit her submarines to starve us out. 'The Irish Prose rejects Germany's offer. The "Freeman's Journal" declares that pence made in Berlin would be impossible. Copenhagen messages state that the Con servative German papers comment coldly on the peace proposals. The Liberal pap'ers say that even if there is no immediate re sult, the proposal will start peace-lovers everywhere into motion. The Danish press agrees thnt the accep tance of Germany's offer is impossible. The Bulgarian Parliament received the peace proposal enthusiastically. A message received in Lausanne from Vienna states that the newspapers there ascribe the peace offer to the Emperor's anxiety for a peaceful reign. The "Neu Freie Presse" pleads for a Christmas armistice, during which senti ment may predominate. Berlin is decked with flags. A crowd gt 100,000 persons gathered round the Reich stag on Tuesday night. The city was deeply excited on Wednesday, a nervous but ecs tatic hope prevailing, The "Westminster Gazette" states that th.e German appeal is intended for neutral3. "It is necessary for us to " reaffirm"" our ideals," the journal adds, "persuading neu trals that a patched-up peace is undesir able." Flaming Wrath If Declined (Published in "The Times") ino inspired uerman press is preparing the public for the Air.es' refusal: urging flaming wrath' and ruthless warfare if the offer is rejected. ' The "Frankfurt Zeitung" says tliart Ger- von Bethmann Hollweg has opened the pos sibility of peace. The Entente must answer his appeal according to their wisdom and consciousness,. The "Cologne Gazette" says that Ger many's sense of humanity has overcome her pride. The "Rheinische Fstphaelische" threatens the Allies with tlio most ruthless and bloody warfare if the offer is rejected. The Amsterdam "Handelsblad" hopes that the Entente will not reject the offer dis dainfully. It adds: "If the Entente replies, 'Tell us your proposals,' we shall get an announcement of each side's terms, and peace will be in sight." Evidence of Weakening "It is further o.videnco that Germany is weakening, as the recent American peace kite revealed,"' says "The Times." "The Russians' recent rejection of the peace offer was a sickening blow. There is in disputable evidence that food difficulties have greatly Increased, and that the . man power reserves are rapidly thinning out. The Allies, must absolutely reject mediation of any shape from any quarter,. and refuse to discuss even an armistice until the enemy is completely ejected from over-run terri tories. They must reaffirm Mr. Asquith's Guildhall terms, and redouble their efforts to enforce those terms upon Germany, and her accomplices.' "It Is generally believed that Germany wants to secure the utmost advantages, while the Allies are organising for greater efforts against Prussian militarism. The Allies are expected to reply with redoubled efforts to curb the Germanic ambitions." DjJttUUIl U1 UtJLUUIUllil-lUilWUB UUkjpiy impressed the Reichstag, Liberals and So cialists springing up and loudly cheering. Berlin is wildly excited, vast crowds in the street eagerly discussing the peace terms. Attempt to Divide Allies A sensation was also caused in Copen hagen and Scandinavia. The "Dagen- smyther" does not believe that tlio offer will be immediately rejected. The "Politi- kon" says that tho reconstitution of the War Governments of Britain and France does not suggest that the Allies will agree to enter into peace negotiations. AH the news papers agree that tlio peace scheme is an attempt to divide the Allies. Tho Paris Figaro says: — "Tho proposal only causes contempt. There is rio danger in a manoeuvre which is so gross that it check- our indignation." M. Clomenceau, in "L'Homme Enchaine," says: "It is not surprising that the Boches have bad enough, and know that the end and the reckoning are to come." "The Jour nal" says: "It is a perfidious German ma noeuvre, aiming at something other than a sincere pacification "The Times" correspondent at the French headquarters says that the French soldiers scout the German peace offer, and want the war fought out to the finish. An Amsterdam cable states that in the opinion of the Dutch the language of the Note and its presentation when the Allies have appointed a strong Cabinet shows tho hollowncss of the German proposals. The Kaiser, recognising Germany's unpopularity throughout the world, is merely making a Machiavellian attempt to injure the Entente in neutral eyes. New Emperor to His Troops (Reuter's Telegram) Tho Austrian Emperor has sent the fol lowing message to his army and navy: — "With God's gracious assistance and my Royal Allies' bravery and endurance, we have created a situation whereby our final victory can no longer ue douiutui. vve are now attempting to secure an honorable peace. I pray that the Almighty may bless this step, but I am convinced that you will continue to fight with tlio same heroism as hitherto until peace has been concluded or the enemy crushingly beaten." Consultation of Allies Reuter learns that there will be prob ably no British official pronouncement on German peace proposals until the Allies have consulted. Meanwhile the unanimity of the press reflects the unanimity of the Governments and tho peoples. If the pro posals arc based, as Is shrewdly suspect ed, on the German pose as victors, it is foredoomed to failure. The offer Is re garded as a cunning attempt to sow dis sension amongst the Allies , by proposing terms agreeable to some and unacceptable to others. There Is also strong evidence of the Ger- manB'Knb' ivlecTgeT tliat' they "can "neveT win the war, and have almost run their course. There may still be periods of strain and stress, but no reply is possible except that the war caii only end when the Allies' ob-. jects have been achieved. ' . ' Opinion in America NEW YORK, Wednesday. America is literally ringing with peace talk. Students of ' International affairs are offering opinions on every hand. Brokers are nervously watching the war stocks, and farmers watching' tho .wheat market. Poli ticians are considering new immigration problems. In short, everybody in the United States is interested. The New York and Washington' papers are' overflow ing this morning, not only with the. cabled news of the London and Paris outlook, but eminent Americans are being canvassed for views. For once in his life Mr. Roose velt is mum. Like President Wilson, be s waiting to bear from the Entente. Miss. Madeline Doty, special iurcstigatoi for "The Tribune" In Germany, who has just returned, say that famine forces Ger- many to offer peace. The working-people are desperate, and sick of the Hohenzollcrns. Many prominent New Yorkers declare that the Allies, with the recollection of "the scrap of paper," cannot trust Berlin. All Wash ington believes that, tho President will await some definite showing of the inclinations of the Entente Capitals, and may Inter move to throw the Influence of the United' States Into the peace scales, if there is reasonable chance of success. Now York newspaper opinion generally is that the Entente is sure to fight on with renewed vigor, and that the peace proposal Is a sign of German weakness. Wall-street shows a substantial, recover., of stocks over yestei day's depression. Some munition stocks, however, still sagged, notably Bethlehem steel, which were re duced another 11 points. ' The President Is urged liy some or his advisers to make a speech to-morrow at the conference of gov ernors, and take occasion to express in general terms Ills policy on the peace ques tion. It is ripnored that Colonel IIousi (President Wilson's envoy) may take auothci European trip. The opinion prevails thnt a necessary pre liminary question will be what guarantees will bo given by Germany That tho tonus of any peace treaty will be fulfilled, ana not violated, as in Belgium. By making such' a reply, the Entente diplomats see thnt the responsibility of continuing will be thrown back on the Central Powers. VANCOUVER, Wednesday. There was a violent slump in the Tokyo Stock Exchange, nnd the market was tem porarily closed. Note to the Pope The Gorman Note to the Pope dwells on the war's losses and misery to all, including neutrals. . It declares that Europe is the seat of civilisation, and is threatened with de struction. Germany Is warring for defence, and hopes that the Holy See will benevo lently eelio and valuably assist this peaee I initiative. - 