The last soinl-illa of doubt that ' ccmid liave been entouta,ined Q-y trusting eitizenB concerning tlic objects and purposes of the Fedoral Government's 'secret session1* was dimipatexi yesterday in tbo House of liepre sentatives by tlic juanvber, for Pnrfcb. lie came away from tlie secret session, lie declared, '.gravely disappointed,' having beard there 'nothing ' with which I was ' not preWously stibstontially acquainted.' Proceeding to dbserve tliat eoine state ments bad be™ made in the private meet ing which be knew to be 'incorrect and ' misleading,' Mr. Fowler was immediately challenged by ? a ^Ministerialist, who de manded to know whether lie intended 'to ' divulge wihat bad transpired. 'I turn ' not going to divulge anything,' he replied, 'siitnply .because there its nothing ' to divulge'; and ho added, with emphasis, thut he had made up his mind, as a result of tihe experionee, never to attend a fiecret session again. By thus confirming with explicit l-casons set forth in expliioit terms tlie attitirde of llr. Cook au.l Sir' Willrami li-vine, Air. r owier nas Qone tne coijnti-j' the service of m-.tking the position positively clear. It ds now abundantly evident that the Government enuoted the the hope oE muzzling the conscriptionists and preventdng members pressing for an early decision of the question for fear they slioulcl be accused of betraying the conii denee of the Cabinet. The attempt hits lamentably failed; aud the fact tliat no fewer tihun four LaJborites joined iu the exposure of tho Government's methods, by speaking in favor of conscription iuune diaitely after the secret session, conclusively demonstrates how promptly an-d (irmly Parliiuinent would deaJ with the rissue but for the crippling restrictions of the party caucus system. Precisely how evilly this miserable sys tem operates ilr. SVise showed yesterday by analysing the Parliamentary history of the Defence -\ct, which has made universal compulsory sen-ice the 'basis oC our machinery of local national defence. He showed how each party in turn had voted for and against the compulsory principle and extensions ol it, at the instance of the party interest; and how, finally, the question having been raised momentarily above the sordid level of party politics, tlie principle of compulsion had been unani mously accepted and adopted by Parlia ment as the only principle rationally applicable to the circumstances of a democracy. Stressing forcibly these indis putable historic truths, M r. Wise pointedly satirised the ?illogic.nl position of those who for purely domestic party reasons are to day resisting the demand to employ com pulsion for the effective defence of Aus tralia 'abroad, although thoy stand pledgod to enforce conscription locally should cur allies be defeated in Europe and this coun try lbe#nvaded— in which case, of course, the tkJfenceyof the Commonwealth would toe nothing more or lees than 1 forlorn hope. Tho testimony of the member for Gipns land on the subject of conscription, follow ing the 'Heerot session' is all the more valuable because, although he is not attached to any, lvirty, 'he has usually ti.eeorded l.abor 'his unswerving support.' So far was he from having been impressed by the confidential reasons of tho Cabinet that he characterised every day's delay- in embracing conscription as serious time lost, to the disadvantage of the Empire and to V '? the benefit- of the enemy. And with crushing irony he reminded Ministers that their one excuse for delay— the absence ot Mr. Hughes and (t he need for his counsel — is ibeing made to appear more olbsurdly illogical by each ifresh speech our energetic Prime Minister is so husily delivering in England. The dfftate on the Budget 'has resolved its; IE into a debate on conscription. It should he instructive to the Government to note that the multitudinous petty com plaints and grievances which are invariably aired after a long recess, when membe-.s are permitted to talk at large on any subject of their individual selection, have 'been deliberately suppressed, and that as 'by general tacit consent the entire House had chosen to discuss alone the topic which the C'ahinet most desires should be ignored. It should also be noted tliat the subject of conscription has not merely superseded minor issues; it -has completely overshadowed -the reokless extravagance and spsndtbriitiem. of the Government disclosed (by the Treasurers alarming Bud get figures. So keenly do member* feel that the immediate security and welfare of .'t.„ sn, iv-iYiTihrvl ur- in the military proWcm that they seem disposed to treat as a commonplace evil tihe Govern ment'ts prodigal system of financial adminis tration. The development may very well consort with the wishes ofian inexperienced and indulgent Treasurer, 'but it should tearih the Government tibat its spineless policy of inactivity and postponement is affronting tlie common sense, and exciting the apprehensions of the nation. Parlia ment, after all, is tbut a mirror of opinion in tihe constituencies; and the fact that Parliament is absorbed (wi-th the. question of ? :_4-: — il,af Parliament IS aware how completely tlifc question is en grossing the pu'blic mind. .There is no doubt whatever ibut that iin overu uelming majority of the electors desires and requiica compulsory service. - There is equally no doubt 'but that a large majority of mem bers would authorise the enforcement of conscription on the spot if the Govern ment had the courage to a-liow the isfme to be decided in Parliament by a non-party vote— us . an issue oi national importance ought to be decided. It hits often hecn stated that England was destined to he a maritime nation. Her geographic separation from the main land, the happy position that gave her the strategical command of the Channel, and the disturbed meteorological conditions thatibred a weatiherwise folk, nil would help to produce this effect. Then, too, came | the accident of race. The Teutons -were not in ceneral a seagoing people; their lan guage, as Bjornson says in 'one of his dramas, is like the rumbling of waggons and tramp of an inland folk. The) pre ferred to dwell in forests, and by the banks of quiet streams. Yet of the many divi sions of this stock just those few that were active on. the sea were chosen ^hj destiny to be the invaders ol England, l'he worthy Bishop Sidonius, whose letters were published last year in English, writing to a friend some time about 480 A.I)., warns i ? . „f H,„ due to the. ferocious Saxon of the German coast. 'If he pur- j 'sues lie overtakes; if he flios himself i.o 'is never caught. Shipwrecks to him arc ' no terror, 'bait only so much training. 'His is no mere acquaintance with 'the perils of the 'sea; he knows 'them as he knows Jiimself.' Pirat.es uTirl fishermen of the -North Sea -nere just the sort o£ conquerors and co.o nists that might be expected to maue the English a seafaring people, and yet in a short time all this energy died down, and the Anglo-Saxons developed into stayat home farmers, with little love for the sea. This is shown by Uie importation of Fris ians by Alfred to man his fleet; by the ex traordinary law which allowed any man who crossed tihe Channel three times by his own means to assume the status of thegu , ? i ? i ii,„ .,i,«biii o nf notice of English nouu, uuu l..*- ? - shipping in records dealing with Conti nental ports. England's next invasion was again by seafaring people o£ great ciiter 1 prise and skill. The Dance had become the traders as well as the pirates of the north. They worked their boats through Russian waterways to the Black Sea and Caspian, and so, 'before the Indian fleets arose, they carried silver and merchandise front the East in fair quantity. auo\c an, they were mastering the difficulties of sea manship as the coasting mariners of the Mediterranean (lhl not attempt until cen turies later. As Mr. Lipson, in his re cently published 'Economic History of Enc ' land ' can state— 'The most valuable scr 'vice which the Danish immigrants ren aercu jMigiiBn wraiui'® ''' 'much to open tip new trade routes as to 'impart to the English .people a. know ' ledge and skill in seamanship to wliidi ' they (had hitherto been strangers.'' Quick after the Danes oame the Norman- . to whose Viking 'blood the sea still called, as many southern lands soon learned to their cost. One would think that now surely the maritime power of England was fully established. Yet it was not, ior the Saxon fisherman settled down to farming, so did the Norman landlord apply his energies, when not at war, to sh-eep ibreeding, until England became the veritable Australia of the 'All the nations of the ' world,' boasted an old chronicler, 'were ' kept warm with the wool from England.' But there was no manufacture of woollen goods in England; if any had once existed it wae allowed to decline. This and the absence of British shipping constitute two ?factors of outstanding importance and sig nificance. The wool was worked up in Flandertf, and was carried there in foreign boats. Up till nearly the close of the four teenth century the Londoner would see on the ships., at anchor in the Thames the ensigns of Venice, Genoa, Luebcek and Hamburg, but rarely that of his own coun try. There was a large and wealthy foreign quarter in London, and German finance had- a grip on British raw products that alarmed her Keen-eyeo citizens. v» iui uie revival aud the establishment on sound lines of woollen manufacture all was changed. Skilled workers were introduced bv Edward III- from Zeeland aud Brabant, and slowly the English learned their lesson. The economic effect of this is admitted by all historians, Free-traders or otherwise, to have been ot extraordinary magnitude. Rich cities grew suddenly out of hamlets, rows of goldsmiths' shops appeared in London. 'Then prosperity,' writes Mr. Lipson, 'was evidenced also in ' a display of .public spirit such as marked ' the best days of tlie Roman Empire, in 'the foundation of hospitals and schools, i' the repair o? roads nnd bridges, and many ?'* other spheres of public utility.' liris of singular interest to observe that the new birth of manufacture was soon followed by the new birth of shipping. The mer chant fleets of England began at last to exist and assume importauce, and when the Tr.'dors broke the back of German com petition, their succcss was assured. England and the Empire have once more come to a parting of the ways in the great matter of economic development. Since 'the rise 'of Free-trade 't3ie tendency ?has 'be;n pronounced to exalt Snipping and view with complacence the loss of manu facture. The transfer aud distribution of goods do not involve such a large wage3 bill as the manufacture of the same, and they do not demand the same degree of trained intelligence. Technical schools, scientific instruction, aud so forth, have been found necessary for high-class manu facture, but have little or nothing to do with shipping and distributing. Germany's immense progress in chemistry and physics gave her one .industrial vic tory after another, but it. helped verj- little to carve a slice out of tihe carrying trade, I whicii Britain held tenaciously. Iu the woiob ot Al.r. John Briton, 'the Germans 'were fighting us as an organised indus ' trial nation. Tliey were taking over one ' key industry alter another; they were 'undermining our industrial independence ' and tempting us in ail manner of ivays ' to forsake manufacture for trading. They had the assis-tance of many clever Eng; ' lishmcn, who, as shippers, merchants and 'agents for German., houses, were more ' interested to push German than British nuiat acutuae will De adopted by 'those who control Britain's fiscal policy can only be guessed at, but a new element will be present, apart from the general awakening as to ' Germany's aims, in the presence of an organised array of work men and workwomen. The lathes that have been used for turning out enormous quantities of munitions oi accurately standardised dimensions and quality can be employed after a little adjustment for turning out standardised products of use in civilian ^ life when peace is declared. Britain wi.il 'find herself then ' with newly built power houses and workshops, aud with a hitherto unattained number of Skilled men and girl3 ready for manufactur ing on. a great scale. Is this opportunity to be utilised, or is the merchant who laughs at technical education and the laborious woitk .bot'h of body and miud which manufacturing entails to have it all his own way again 1 If history demon strates anything, it is -that manufactures bring wealth, and that a State whose pros perity is built upon distribution, unlbacked ?by agrieultnre and manufactures, is bound in time to be tripped up and left, like Pisa and Venice, with no resources except the tips and gate money of sightseers. 