NEWS AND NpTES. The Mails.-Mails for the United King dom and. foreign countries, will be made up at the G.P.O. this evening at 8 o'clock, but correslnrdece for soldiers at the front must be lodged by noon to-day. For the Eastern States, New Zealand, etc., a. mail closes to-morrow, at 3 p.m. Producers and the War.-At its monthly meeting last week the Greenmount Roads Board received a letter from the Toodyay Roads Board, asking for its endorsement 9f a series of resolutions passed by the latter body in regard to the present re cruiting system. The resolutions set out that in view of the urgent necewity for prosecuting to the utmost the development of the primary industries, in order to pro vide the sinews of war, the time had ar rived when the indiscriminate enlistment of producers for overseas' service should receive consideration and, if necessary, be discontinued. The chairman (Mr. Brink worth) expressed himself in accord with the general principle of the motion. Apart from such individuals as the racecourse habitues and men of that stamp, mor chants' stores and men engaged in similar occupations might be drawn on to a much greater. extent without the serious results which would follow an exodus from the primary producing industries. Mr. Kirk expressed the view that the present indis criminate system of recruiting was harm ful, not only in regard to the enlistment of men engaged in vital industries, but also with respect to the wholesale enlist ment of married men with families. The board unanimously decided to support the. resolutions. A similar letter from the Toodyay Board came . before the. Swan Roads Board last week, but no action was taken. The Darling Range Roads Board also took the letter into consideration at. its last meeting, and -the following motion was carried unanimously, on the motion of the chairman (Mr. R. S. Sampson): '"his board agrees that indiscriminate en listment is not in the best interests of the. Empire, and that the needs of the Empire will be best served by the retention of men for carrying on the primary indus tries." Women's Commonwealth Patriotio Asso ciation.-The exhibition commuittee of the association met on Thursday last in McNeil's Chambers to close all accounts for the exhibition held in the Town Hall on the 3rd and 4th inst. Mrs. H. F. Mer cer was in the chair. The treasurer (Mrs. Richardson) reported a substantial sum rea lised for exhibits. The expenses were somewhat heavy, which included hiring\of band, cost of printing, and decorations, advertising and town posters, etc. The committee, however, was well satisfied with the result of its first effort. The commit eoo' intends establishiuig an office and push ing forward with propaganda work, which includes domestic science, immigration and industries for women. The hon. secretary' (Mrs. Juleff) states that she will be pleased to reoeive any communication from ladies interested :n this particular work., The namber of persons visiting the exhibiton was approximately 4.500, as 6.000 souvenir programme we printed and 4,500 were given out at the door by the ladies of the committee. Phllowing the exhibition com mittee meeting, an exenutive meeting was held. Lady Forrest taking the chair. The following resignations were ccepted with rcgret:-_frs. Frank le as president, Mrs. H. F. Mescer from th finance commit tee; Mrs. J. Cowan, Miss De Castilla. and Mrs. Stanway Tapp from the easociation. Owng to several executive members leav ing early, no further business was done. The hon. seretary was instructed to call a general meeting of members at an eal date to fill vacancies on the executive and for other business Pt. Walter Tramway Servie.—The pub- lic are notified in another colunn that the tramway service to Pt. Walter has been suspended, except on Wednesday after noons, Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays. Appointment of Danish Consul.A well attended meeting of Dases residing ;n Perth was held on Saturday night, at the Imperial Hotel. Mr. P. H. IFaenkel was voted to the chair. The object of the .gathering was to discuss the appointment of a consul for Western Australia, and the natural desire of all present was that a Dane should be appointed. Duhring the meeting a telegram was received from the Consul-General, who is now in the State, in timating that he had selected a well-known gentleman, a British subject to act as consul until the 'end of the war. A reso lution was passed objecting to this ap pointment, on the ground that the views of the Danish community had not been ascertained. It was pointed out by vari ous speakers that it was only fair that their country should be represented by a gentleman who was interested in their homeland, and it was considered advisable that steps should he taken at once to urge on the Danish Government the necessity of having a Dane as consul, esecially in view of the prospect of increased trade with Demnark awaiting the advent of a business man, with a knowledge of both local and Danish conditions. A resolution was passed to that effect. Mr. C. F. Mouritzen ws uanimurly chosen as aean didate for the position Organ Recital.-M?r Herbert C. Goff will givo the third of his series of organ recitals today in Trinity Congregational Church from 1 to 2 o'clock. The object of these recitals is to provide-funds for the purchase of a harmoium for the Wouroloo Sani toriturn. Commissioner of Health.--In addition to carrying on the duties of Commissioner of Health, to which position he has now been formally gazettedr, Dr. Atkinson will fulfil the duties of Chief Medical Officer. It has been found that the war has called upon the services of so many doctors that it aould be inelvisable, just now, to create two positions. St. Paul's C rmch, Beaconsfield.-Yester day morning at St. Paul's Church, Beaconsfield. the Archbishop dedicated a silver chalice and paten, the gift of Lady Bedford, to the memory of the late Sir Frederick Bedford. formerly G(overnor of this State. The Archbishop, assisted by the rector. celebrated the Holy Communion, and in his sermon alluded to the sterling qualities of the late Admiral whose memory deserved to be kept green. He was a man of duty and a Christian gentleman, and also a regular communi cant. The lax practices of other people never affected him in the least. What he knew to be right he did and stuck to it. No doubt his traiising in the Navy helped him in such a decision. He hoped these present would often think of the Admiral's life, and be guided by his example. The Archbishop also spoke of the gentleness and kindness of 'Lady Bedford, which would always be a treasured memory of all who knew her. It was a pleasure to him to be present and to dedicate her kind gift to St.. Paul's. There was a large congregation present, including several of the Naval lie serve, under C.P. Officers Smith and Scorey. The service concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. Townsito of Collie-Cardiff.-It is notified in the "Government Gazette" that that portion of the Collie-Burn townsite situate south of the northern side of Magmussen estreet and its prolongation east and west to the cast side of the railway reserve and the west boundary of the townsite respec tively, and west of the east side of the railway reserve; also the portion of the townsite situate south of the southern boundary of lot 166 and its prolongation south-westerly and north-easterly to the railway reserve, and the Collie River re spectivel, and east of the railway re serve, shall in future be known and dhis 'tinguished as Collie-Cardiff. City Commercial College.-The following candidates who" sat at the December shorthand examination for Pitman certifi icates were successful:-At 100 words per minute: Miss E. M. Jarvis, Miss A. Alcock, Miss K. Kelly. At 90 words per minute: Miss E. Thomson, Miss M. Urry, Miss D. Parsons. Miss E. Evans. At 80 words per minute: Miss O. Jolley. Miss -., O'Brien, Mr. S O'Brien, Miss lM. Tulley, Hits. D. B. Wilson. At 60 words per minute: Miss D. Kean, Miss R. Bland, Miss L.' Blinco, Miss E. Grant Theory certificate: Miss D. M. Brimage. Elementary certificates: Miss A. Rendell; Miss M. Collier, Miss'D. Crago. Reserve for Native Game.-By a procla mation 'in last week's "Government Ga zette," all of the portion of the Capel River between the Capel Bridge and the Causeway has been reserved for r.ativ. game. Fatal Accident.-The man William Tar grass, who was admitted to the Perth Public Hospital on the night of March 2, suffering from a fracture of the base of the skull, died at that institution about -11 o'lock on Saturday night. Targrass, who arrived from the country on the night of the accident, engaged a cab at the Cen tral Railway Station, and instructed the' driver to proceed to West Perth. When the vehicle turned from Aberdeen-street into Charles-street. the deceased, who was sitting in, front with the driver, lost his balance and fell, his head striking .the roadway. Assent to Acts.-His Excellency the Governor has .received a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, in forming him that His Majesty will not be advised to exercise his power of disallow ance with respect to the following Acts: The Industries Assistance Act, 1915, and the Land Act, 1898; the General Loan and Incribed Stock Act, 1910; Weights and IMeasures Act; the Vermin Boards Act Amendment Act; the Act to validate the constitution of certain districts and the rates made by the boards thereof, and for other relative purposes; the Mines Regulation Act, 1906; and the Perth Muni. cipal Gas and Electric Lighting Act, 1911. Mr. Outhwaite's Blunder.-.Mr. Outh waite, I.P., made a bad mistake in re partee at an anti-conriptionist meeting in Oldham (England). "What is keeping back many young men?" ? he asked. 'Fright," came the quick reply from the hall. "Perhaps it is a bit of something like that that is keeping you from the front," retorted the speaker. And then the interrupter rose-dreased in khaki. Cheering Him Up.-It happened tha other day in one of the officers' wards, says the "Gazette of. the 3rd London General Hospital," that at the moment when a patient was r vering consciosness on his return to bed fm the operating theatre our Wesleyan minister and two clerical friends came walking in to pay a visit. The patient started up and stared at the trio of black coats. "Great Scott!" he ex. claimed. "The undertakers!" The Berlin Trasnmways.-TkA "Tagliche anndscha. " pubnlishg a statement showin that traffic m the streets of Berlin in 191 compurd well with the returns for 1914, es pecially in the war period. 'There is natur ally a heavy fall as compared $iith 1912 and 19L3; and at was impossible to reach the high figures of these year." The paper continues:-h some of the omnibus ser vices had to be suspended, the public sought other means of conveyance; and the street tramways secured the bulk of the traffic. The Decemnber returns show that the trams earned 4,724,566 marks in Decem. ber, 1915, as compared with 4,166,271 marks in December, 1914 (about £236,228 and £908,313 respectively). The total income of the tramway company was 52,191,531 marks for the whole year. compared with 51,135, 040 marks for 1914, an increase of more than 1,000,000 marks. But it is added that the dividend of the Tramway Company, which was 6 per cent. in 1914, is not likely to be inreased. Dog Flesh on Sale in Vienna.-The "Wie. notr Tageblatt" announces the opening in the Rotherturm.strase, Vienna, of the firs butcher's .shop for the sale \of dog The Prmepect of a Long War.-The prob ability of a longer war' than is anticipated generally wua foreshadowrg by Geneal Sir Edward Hutton in a speech in Chertsey (England). Ue said that Lord Kitchener considered that it would take three years to vanquish the great German power and destroy the military system of "blood and iron," but he thought that that was a large under-estimation, and so did most of his colleagues. Generals accustomed to study strategetical questions were only just 'beginning, to realise Germany's great power. Held by Fance and Russia, Germany was not extending sonthanlrs, the evident de sign being to make a broad belt from the North Sea to the Persian Gulf. Whether she suoeeeded or not depended largely on the British Empire. 12,000 Millions on /War.--Mr. Arthur Kiddy, city editor of the London "Morning Post," delivered a lecture in London re cently on "Some Financial Aspects of the War." Mr. Kiddy estimated the aggre gate expehdituri of all the belligerents up to the end of December last at a little more than 6,000 millions, of which 1,500 millions was the cost for Britain; about 1,200 millions for France; a little over 1,000 millions for Russia;' and 150 millions for Italy; while Germany's total was about 1,600 millions, and Austria's about 750 mil lions, the two last totals including the sums paid out to Turkey and Bulgaria. Ger many had raised loans amounting to 2,000 millions, or sufficient, it was srid, to carry on the war up to March (this month). Given a continuance of the war to the end of the present year the probable cost would be at least 12,000 millions, of which rather moare than 3,000 millions would probably be the total as far as Britain was con cern ed. The attmtica of the members of the Hiber. clan Society is called to an advertisement ap pearing ir. another column requesting their pr-. sence in regalia at the Hibernian Hall on Tueo day evening at 8 o'clock. Messrs. T. Tate and Co. ,will conduct a clear anoe sale of a Tharmer piano and a collection of household furniture and effects at 2. 0 p.m. today un the premises Clifton House, Reginald street, Cottesloe Beach. Messrs. T. Tate and Co, will conduct a mixed sale of furniture and misoellaneons goods at all sorts at their mart, 713 Hay-street, on Tues. day next, at 2.30 p.m. F. E. Skinner at 11 a.m. to-day will hold a sale of housebald furniture at 461 Newcatle street. SMrs. Matthews at the Old Cottage, 970 Hay. street West, has always on view ourias, an tiques, engravings, and a Donegal spinning ,hcel. 