GENERAL ITEMS, Amsterdam, June 6. The "Cologne Gazette." In a semi-official announcement, states: 'Those who thought that peace zephyrs were blowing must change their minds after France's declara- tion that all invaded territories must be evacuated. The call from Paris «again summons the belligerents to arms, and any peace discussion must be only aca- demic.'' \- The Strasburg "Zeitung" says that the Kaiser sent a private letter to three of the chiefs of the coalition which has been formed against the German* Chancellor, Dr. von Bethmann-Holhreg, forbidding the continuance of the agitation against the Chancellor. The Kaiser considers that ti» agitation la an attempt io curtail the Crown's personal prerogative to form ah opinion about the Chancellor's politics at a time when the Kaiser himself approves of those politics. Zurich, June 6. i The international section of the German [ minority socialists refuse to attend the Stockholm Conference. Herr Newring, their leader, says that he refuses to at- tend the same conference as Herr Schnei demann, leader of the socialist majority in the Reichstag, as he is merely assist- ing German imperialism. Amsterdam, June 6. The Czech. Socialists have received pass- ports from the Austrian Government to attend the Stockholm Conference.. Negotiations have been begun between the German Majority Socialists and the Dutch ano Scandinavian delegates at Stockholm. Herr Wolf, a member of the German Party in the Austrian Reickcrath, states that, while the Austrian Government offi- cially disavowed the Austrian Socialists' statements at the Socialists' Conference at Stockholm, regarding reparation to Serbia, Count Czernin, Minister for Foreign Af- fairs, privately informed the Socialists that he agreed-to their policy, fearing that the Russian revolutionary ideas would ex- tend to the dual monarchy. Rome, June 6. Tho food question in Austria is becom- ing increasingly critical. All food parcels for Italian prisoners aro being systematical- ly tißed to feed the starving population. Madrid, June 6 The Germanophile Press is publishing an official note, inviting the Government to nominate a Commission to verify what is termed the incorrectness of the reports about the massacre of Jews in Palestine. *"" Copenhagen, June 6. A Commission, comprising the most pro- minent representatives of Danish trade and industry, is visiting foreign countries to negotiate with the belligerents upon impor- tant questions regarding the conditions of life in Denmark, which verge upon catas-, trophe. The Danish people ere suffering as much hardship as --if they had been bellige- rents. Vancouver, June 6. Mr. W. F. Massey, Prime Minister of New Zealand, and Sir Joseph Ward, Minister of Finance, havo arrived at Vancouver from Loudon, en route to New Zealand. Sir Joseph Ward, in an interview, said that it was of the "first importance that Samoa should remain British, territory. Bri- tain, he said, could easily finance the war for another five years, but the entrance of the United States into the conflict bad in- creased that period. Sir Joseph said he an- ticipated considerable immigration to New Zealand as the result of the demobilisation of the troops after the war. A notable change had occurred in Britain, where the disappearance of class bitterness and the re- duction of drunkenness were marked fea- tures. Mr. Massey, in an interview, said he be- lieved conscription «would pass at the next referendum in Australia. Regarding the question of Empire consolidation, he believ- ed it would be better run upon sentimental lines than upon a'too rigid organisation, savouring of Germanism. The future of New Zealand, Canada,' Australia end Africa would not be overloaded with re- spect to anything concerning their common interests. _ 