What History Teaches Us. By SIR JOSEPH CARRUTHERS, M.L.C, a Former Premier of N.S.W. "MAN! Know thyself!" These were the words inscribed thousands of years ago on one of the most famous of ancient temples, and they have been handed down to us as if of oracular import. It has taken this war to rouse the world to a knowledge of what history has deeply inscribed on its scroll—that, after all, man is more of an animal than of a God. Whatever we have sprung from in the evolution of our species, there lurks innate in the human race, not only the gentler and nobler feelings of the best of creation, but the most brutal and cruel passions of the primal savage beast. The struggle for existence has always been going on through untold ages. It has in the end uplifted man, and made him what he now is. The lust for power and possession, greed and avarice, in men or nations, has not been part of our animal instinct, but is the outcome of perverted reason. We credit animals with instinct, and we claim to possess a power unknown to other animals—which we call reason, or higher intelligence. If man were always actuated only by the instincts of the brute creation from which he has been evolved in the struggle for existence, the human race would not have stained its hands with so many of the terrible crimes which have made the history of mankind a long series of martyr- dom. What we call civilisation may to-day have raised the standard of living in the world, but it has ever been associated with war, conquest, subjugation, pillage, and devas- tation. The pendulum has kept swinging backwards and forwards. The Golden Age of Peace and Plenty has been followed too often by the Dark Ages, when whole na- tions and continents have been cast into long periods of suffering and slavery, with barely a glimmer of light in their life. History has not ended its records yet, and the pendulum has not ceased from swing- ing. Europe has been for over 20 centuries the centre of civilisation, with one long spell of its Dark Age interposed. Three years ago, no man could have been found in all this world of ours who would, have denied that we had reached the highest phase of science, invention, art, and the best level ever known of humanity. Three years have not yet passed, and scarce one man could be found who would deny that there has been more cruelty, brutality, and wanton evil than perhaps was ever known in ancient or modern times. MAN! KNOW THYSELF! The primal passions have been long pent up, and are now let loose. Our boasted civilisation has been but a thin veneer. Beneath it, in the races of mankind, there is still the master passion which levels to the animal in a struggle for life. And this master passion has been let loose upon the world because the lust for power and possession became beyond control in one of our sovereign races. It is the same story that runs through the ages, and history is but repeating it- self. A great writer once said that in the analy- sis of history it was not a comparison be- tween the good nations and the bad, but between the bad and the worst. The dominant races of to-day have all come from the Mid-east. The European nations are almost entirely of Eastern origin, derived from the regions now known as Bokhara, Turkestan, and the higher lands of Persia and India. The only survivors of the original in- habitants of Europe are the Basques and the Lapps. The Kelts, or Celts, represent the first immigrants, and to-day their stock are the Irish, the Scotch, the Welsh, the Bretons of France, and, in admixture, the English. Unfortunately we are termed the Anglo- Saxon race, and from that title it is as- sumed that we are of German or Teutonic blood. As a matter of fact, the term "Saxon" has been applied to our race with- out reason. King Alfred the Great never spoke of his people as Saxons, but as the "Englische." The Danish or Viking strain came from the Scandinavian districts, and it was the best blood of the hardy Norse- men that mixed with the Celtic. The Ro- mans and the Normans conquered Britain, but the Britons remained the people that absorbed the conquerors and assimilated them with hardly a mark remaining to stamp their influence. To the credit of the Celtic and English races be it said that they have never been associated with any of the great crimes of history, and the annals of the British are less stained with blood than those of any other empire. If we cannot claim to be the good nation of the world, we can easily pro- duce our record for comparison and show that we are not the worst. THE WORLD'S GREAT HIGHWAY. The great highway of the world for 12,000 years has been that leading from the Persian and Indian Gulfs through Armenia and Mesopotamia, to the Mediter- ranean, whence it broke into many by- ways. Along that highway came at one time our early ancestors, the Kelts, then the founders of Greece, Macedonia, and Albania, and Rome, and in more recent times the Turks. The Germans came last of the older tribes from Sclavonia, and their route was more northerly into Europe. They have not long emerged from their original tribal barbarism and ferocity. The so called virility of the German race is merely the instinct of the wild man, with its ferocity untamed by a few hundred years of contact with more civilised people. To-day this war is being waged in Egypt, which 10,000 years ago was the home of a high civilisation; it is being waged in Syria and Palestine, of Biblical antiquity; in Arabia, which for centuries before Christ was a land of pilgrimages to that ancient well, the Caaba, or Kaaba, now the site of Mecca, the birthplace of Moham- medism; in Mesopotamia, and Armenia, with Mount Ararat and the Tower of Babel, and the tomb of the prophet Jonah, honored by Christians, Mussulmans, and Persians alike. It is being waged near to Byzantium, the centre of the Great Western Empire of 1000 years ago; and in Macedonia, the birthplace of Alexander the Great: on the site of ancient Carthage, on the plains of Troy, near by Mount Sinai, and alongside the ancient cities of Tyre and Sidon, whence came the Phoenicians and their colonists, the Carthaginians. If you meet the Jew, his eyes will be turned towards the fountain city of his faith; if the Christian, the same city, Jerusalem, is to him the birthplace of his religion. The Moslem, and his shrines are Mecca and Medina, whilst in Mesopotamia are the ancient cities of the heathens of Central Asia. These regions are the cradle of the world's religions, and the birthplaces of the so called civilised Powers of the earth. They are stained with the blood of whole peoples massacred, of martyred prophets and reformers, and of the slaughter of battle- fields. There is nothing transpiring to-day that is not a repetition of history. WHERE ARE THEY TO-DAY? Where to-day is Babylon, that city larger than London, with its great palaces and monumental works of architects and en- gineers? Babylon has been blotted out, as was prophesied. All that remains is below the soil, and none exposed, save by the work of modern excavation. William Warfield, an American, visited it in 1913, and this is what he says in his book, "The Gate of Asia," relating his experience in an even- ing walk through the excavated ruins of Nebuchadnezzar's palace and on the site of the famous hanging gardens of the Kings:— "The city is an abode of death. Only one living thing remains in this tomb of perished Empires. Only a single voice is lifted over it. A prophecy remains to be fulfilled. The sun sinks out of sight beyond the palm trees; sheep are driven to the shelter of their folds. The gates are closed in the village beyond the gardens, and the cooking smoke of evening hovers above the roof. A dim, grey form slinks behind a pile of ancient bricks. Off among the ruins a quavering, high-pitched cry breaks the silence; anguish is there and despair; then the cry is broken by screams of mocking laughter. The prophecy is fulfilled. 'The jackals shall howl in their palaces, and the wolves in their pleasant places.' " In this city, and in the surrounding country, thousands of Jews were taken into captivity by Nebuchadnezzar, and the book of Ezra tells of those descendants who re- turned to Palestine. But recent travellers have found large Jewish colonies still there, and, strange to say, they speak the Hebrew language as their native tongue. These Jews of Mesopotamia claim to be direct descendants of the captives of Nebuchad- nezzar. The fact that the Hebrew language had practically disappeared in Palestine as the native tongue of the people in the time of Christ lends color to this claim. The largest colony of these Hebrews is at Kerkuk, a city on the Upper Tigris, where are the tombs of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. In Mosul, still higher up on the Tigris sources, there are 5000 Jews of the same lineage. Mosul, on the site of ancient Nineveh, the great Assyrian city, is known to most of us unwittingly when we speak of the fabric called "muslin," made originally there. Our familiar words "crimson" and "carmine'' owe their origin to the "Kirmiz," an in- sect of Armenia, from which the inhabi- tants of that part made a beautiful red dye. In the mountains towards Lake Van, and thence to Persia's highlands, there are the tribes of Kurds and Chaldeans. If we look back into the pages of his- tory, we find the story of Empires rising and falling as the causes work that in- evitably make for power and decay. Egypt, with its 10,000 populous cities from Alexandria to the heart of Africa, and its sovereignity over the Mediterran- ean—what is it to-day? It rose by the industry of its people, by the learning of its priests, by its science and its arts, by its trade, and by its great rulers. It decayed because of its wealth and lux- ury, and because its own people would not fight for their own country, but paid mercenaries to do it for them. It has, gone, never to rise again, but it has laid the world under a vast debt for all that it did to better mankind, even at a terrible price. Take mighty Persia, with its colossal armies, under kings like Cyrus. It remains a remnant of derelict rulers and ruled— still in its Dark Ages, Yet to Persia, too, the world owes much. Its decline came from its luxury and wealth, leaving its empire a prey to more needy but braver races. Assyria, Medea, all gone back into the verge of barbarism, with a track of ruined and buried cities as the landmarks of great wars and butchery. Yet climate had much to do with the fall of these lands, as the rainfall has ceased, the heat increased, and rivers and canals failed to flow. Greece never was great, although Alex- ander made a brilliant "episode in history, when he conquered the world. Winwood Reade, in his great work, "The Martyrdom of Man," written nearly fifty years ago, summed up the Grecian character in these words:— "It was their inveterate dishonesty, their want of faith, their disregard of the sanctity of oaths, their hankering after money, which had much to do with their disunion, even in the face of danger." At their best they were a race of talkers and writers, exploiters of others; and their conquests were really the work of greater subject races, not endowed with their brains or their cunning, but braver as men. Phoenicia rose as a trading race from Canaan, near Mount Lebanon. With their sea towns, Tyre and Sid on, they became great traders and shipowners. Their colony at Carthasre outrivalled Phoenicia. Their empire extended to the heart of Africa, to Spain, and over Sicily. "Carthage must be destroyed," said Cato, and the story of the destruction of that splendid city after more than three years' siege is one of the most terrible in the annals of history. Not a soul was spared. For 17 days after the people were destroyed the city burned, and then the plough was run over the ashes, and in legal form its existence ended for ever. If the Carthaginians had paid less atten- tion to the accumulation of wealth and luxury, but had cultivated more the virtues of patriotism and of self- defence, it would not have fallen. Rome was never a nation of Romans as a race. It sprang, as America has, from a polyglot of races; chiefly from slaves and exiles. Yet Rome has influenced the history of the Western world more perhaps than its predecessors, and chiefly because it rose out of the ashes of decayed and destroyed empires. When Rome declined from the same re- curring and eternal cause of lack of civic pride and virtue, Europe relapsed into the Dark Ages. Then came the Huns, the Vandals, the Goths, and the Moors; and the best of these were the Moors. Mahomet had arisen, and it is question- able whether Mahomet has not done more for the civilisation of the world than any single man save the founder of the Christain faith. The Turks to-day represent only the Saracen in his last phase of decay. Un- speakable as the Turk of modern times is, he is only a repeat of the ruling caste of every past empire, when the brute in- stinct or reversion to animal type has got its mastery over the higher man in evolution. THE LESSONS. What, then, are the lessons of the Ages? That war is an inevitable thing; and that nations, to live, must be always pre- pared to defend themselves. "Eternal vigilance is the price of Liberty," or, in other words:— "Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay." This war in which the whole world is engaged, is a horrible nightmare, but the world, like the tired man, or the sick man, has its nightmares from time to time, and they will come again and again as sure as the earth is inhabited. If nations will delude themselves and trust the others, instead of relying on them- selves, they will experience the same fate as hundreds of others have done before. And if the classes of one nation forget the tribal and animal instinct of self-pre- servation against external danger, not all the nostrums in the world of Socialism, Laborism, or Liberalism will save them if they forget, that the safety of the nation is the first law of every country. To-day it is a spectacle for the gods to see Russia going headlong to its down fall, dancing to the fiddling of workmen's unions, socialistic make- believers, and gene- ral anarchical societies, whilst a mad giant is battering at its door, waiting to repeat the same episodes in history that were en- acted at Carthage, at Jerusalem, at Nineveh, at Babylon, and at the heart of other past empires that, sacrificed themselves to March madness and moonstruck leaders. Thank God for Britain, and America, and the Latin people of Italy, France, and Roumania. They are of our tribes, and I trust men of our tribes more than our enemies or faithless Allies. I well remember Sir Henry Parkes oft- times quoting a poem by a friend, with noble lines addressed to England, and they are a fitting conclusion to this article:— "Shake off the mocking allies at thy gate, Gather up thy wandering brood." The salvation of the world to-day lies in the keeping of the Celtic races and of their Latin Allies, who through the ages have kept unceasing vigil to win and to preserve their liberty. 