America's Latest Colony. THE DANISH WEST INDIES. On March 31 last the United States. Government took formal; possession of the group formerly known as the Danish West Indies — the islands of St. Thomas, si. Croix, and St. John. During the last half century Import ant political and territorial changes have taken place in the western Hemisphere. It was in 1867, just 50 yeais ago, that Maximilian, a mem ber of the unfortunate House of Haps burg, was shot In Mexico, and Prance renounced her dreams of founding a new transatlantic Empire. This was not the only European Intervention during the sixties of the last century, when more than one of the Powers, taking advantage of tlhe civil war which was then wagging in the United States, attempted to gain a footing on che Western continent Spain, be sides joining the Mexican expedition, tried to reconquer Chili and the Dom inican Republic. She did indeed oc cupy the latter country for several years, only tso be again ejected. In 1877 Sweden sold to France for £16, 000 'the small West Indian Island of St. Bartholomew, her sole remaining colony. In 1898 Spain ceded Cuba and Porto Rice as the result of her war with the United States, and now the latter country has annexed the Danish West Indies. Thus, during the last 40 years, three European Powers have lost all their American colonies. Importance of the Islands. The acquisition of Hie/Danish WeBt ; Indies by the'Hnlted Htates - Js of more Importance! than may appear at; first sight It is trae, the group is a small one, with a population of only 30,000, but it 'has an enormous political strategical and commercial importance. St. Thomas was once the commercial harbour, of the West Indies; it had prosperous days when vessels ? waited to be chartered for the sugar crop. Its harbor is one of the finest in the world; its position both central and commanding; in fact, no better point could be found to control the Cariobean Sea and the Panama Canal; the area it controls is really much wider than this. Its acquisition will tend to frustrate Ger man attempts to monopolise foreign trade in the West Indies, Mexico, and Central America, for St. Thomas stands at the gateway of this great commercial area. More than this, the great German Hamburg-American Steamship Com pany, which before the war did a large trade with the countries nam ed, had its headquarters for this part of the world in St- Thomas. This company, which studiously avoided the British colonies, maintained a frequent service wltlh the. Spanish American Republics surrounding the Caribbean .Sea, and also with the West Indian Islands, locally control led from their central office in St. Thomas. This control will now be lost, and there is not a single har bour of any account left in the West Indies which Is not now owned or controlled by Powers hostile to Ger many, for Cuba, Hayti, and the Do minican Republics are now virtually American protectorates. America's use for the Islands. The United States Government, it is said, will at once proceed to spend many millions of dollaras in fortifying St. Thomas. The harbor, which is landlocked and surrounded on all sides by lofty hills, is peculiarly well suited for this purpose, and could easily he made the Gibraltar of the West Indies. The island is within sight of the mountains of Porte IUco, since 1898 an American possession. It controls the main trade routes via Panama, and is an outpost of the canal itself. It lies in the very centre of the West Indian chain, and has the nearest harbor, both to the principal European and North American ports. As a distributing centre its position could scarcely be Improved if it had been artificially created for the pur pose. In its palmy days, this town of 12,000 inhabitants-the town and island of St. Thomas are practically Identi cal — had perhaps a larger trade than any other town of the game size in the world. The island of St. Thomas is now much decayed; yet it was- once cutl vated like a garden, as attested by the ruins of numerous stone wind mills, each of which marks the site of former sugar plantations. The pre valent trade winds were used by the planters as the motive-power to crush the canes — and this power is still us ed in the prosperous British island of Barbado in preference to steam ma chinery. The West Indies certainly cannot he called a suitable field of immigration for the white working man, but oc cupying as they do a position in the direct track of vessels bound from New Zealand to England, via Pana ma, the West Indies cannot fail to become a valuable market for New Zealand produce, the more so as -they require exactly the kind we have to offer, especially dairy produce. In that tropical climate, butter cannot be, produced to advantage, consequently all ts imported and excessively dear.— J. D. Leckie .in Hie New' Zealand 'Herald.' 