THE JEWS OF DENMARK. ; If there can be found anywhere on earth v ft land yet unfamiliar with anti- Semitism, ; or a people ignorant of Jew-hatred, that ; land is Denmark, and the Danes are that pedple. Though geographically in juxtaposition with Germany, and spiritually and physi cally bound to Russia (the Russian Queen mother is a Danish princess), Denmark has remained faithful to its ancient liberal tra ditions. That lio irace discrijriiination there exists is shown by the fact that the army and navy contain many Jewish officers, who are wel comed in their respective services, and even the head of the Imperial Court is a Jew, Brandes. (a brother of the, famous critic), who has held his portfolio for several years. True, the Jews of Denmark are not very strong numerically. They total 5000 souls, hardly one-half per cent, of the population, but their influence on the economic and political life of the nation far exceeds their numbers. More than half of the large busi ness firms and corporations are Jewish. Among the great engineers, architects, and m/usicians, the leading lights are our own people. Naturally, all Danish-born Jews are Danes in feeling and tradition ; many of there about five per cent.—are assimilated and intermarried. The Danes regard the assimi lation movement arming the Jews with great equanimity, both the marrying of a Jewish woman and vice versa. Many Danes con stantly attend the Jewitli Temple and hear the talented young rabbi, Dr. Scharfstein, who is doing his best to stem the assimila tion movement, which in the last few years has made great headway. The presence of numerous Christian women at his sermons has resulted in a few cases of conversion to the Jewish faith, and even in the perform ance of the Abrahamic rite on their chil dren, and the observance of the dietary laws of Moses. Up to fifteen or sixteen years ago there were very few non-Danish Jews in the country. After the biishinef matfsacres, when the emigration movement from Kucsia, and Poland was at its pekk, Polish and Russian Jews gradually appeared. , They came to the country, not to remain, but, owing to lack of means, to await tlie arrival of necessary funds and prepaid passages from America. While waiting, they gradually began to earn a living,, and by the time , their American relatives sent for thenn they were more or less established, and gare up the idea of pro ceeding to America altogether. The assistance rendered them by the Danish Kehillah (at that time under the leadership of Professor Simons) cannot bo overestimated. Houses vere rented for them, provisions purchased, aid financial allow ances made. Thus a lussiun and Polish , Jewish community was gradually estab lished. The first pioneers of that group (the writer believes) were several >'oung men from Yekatcrinosl'av Gubemya, who were in their old home enthusiastic Zionists. Among them, one Herr Scharnmad undertook the task of establishing a "Ohoder" for the few children whom the pioneers had brought along with them,. Were it not for his en thusiasm, many of the children would have forgotten their Judaism. Indeod, many Danish-born Jewish childrei have him to thank for their religious training, as well as the other immigrants who gave of their time ^ and enthusiasm (money they had none). At present they have a Talniud-Torah, a Hebrew school, a Kosher restaurant where •Jewiah workingmen can buy a Kosher dinner at cost price, a farm where Jewish poor children and the aged are maintained, and several other institutions necessary to Jewish life. The Danish Jewish community are in agreement with the immigrants, and aid their institutions in all possible ways. Many of the Danish-Jewish "aristocrats" como daily to the low-cost Kosher kitchen and help to wait on the table to assist tho workingmen for whose benefit the establish ment is run, so that they may finish their meals more rapidly and return to their work .on time. One of the most prominent, philanthropists without mention of whose name no article on the Copenhagen community would bo complete, and to whose efforts many of the institutions of the newer community owe much, is the well-known and enthusiastic Zionist, Herr Nnchinansohn. A deputation of the Jewish community at Kieff has applied to the Governor, Count Jgnatieff, for a grant of 100,000 roubles from the Meat Tax Reserve Fund for the up keep of the Jewish institutions, ns tho com munity is left without funds and without any important sources of income. The Governor .adopted a favourable attitude towards the petition. 