\- AGRICULTURAL' CO OPERATION. A. "A PRODUCERS' CONFEREtE OPENED BY TIHE CGOVEROR. AN ILLUJIIATi#G ADDI)ESS. A conference of delegates of the forty farmers' cooperative companies formed, or in the process of formation, was opened at St. George's Hall, Perth, yesterday. The main purpose of the conference is to con s?mmate the federation of these co-opera tiva companies, and to-devise plans-fortheir' Seffective working. The intention is' to deve lop and link up the country co-operative companies in much the.same way es in the United Kingdom and Ireland. 'lThe confer 'ence was opened by his Excellency the ,Governor (Sir William Ellison Macartney). `The proceediags wem.rpresided over by Mr.. j'? T. Padb.y chairman of directors ot (tie Westralia ''ariness,.ltd., and among the .bimdred or so-delegates and others.pre-. snt at the openig were Mr. Connolly," M.kA' (Agent-Generat- elect), and the fol-. owig directors of the-Westrliean'armers Ltd, Meessr. C. W-.arper, Basil.L'.?Mlr my. J. H. Prowse, J.-J. Ma1ther,.and.H: S.A. Tanner. Th-cirm an,. insexplainin?~t?he. co-ope e movement, said althong-agriculture. iad been practised in the State for some generations, it- waanly- since the discovery f gold, the construction-of the Kalgeoorlie, rsndton, and .Albany'railways, and the Ildelds water scheme, thatany consider le progress had been. made. Some ten or teen ryears ago?it" became necessary to di [et some of the popnlgtion that was at by-the-gold, and vigorous -policy of land settlement .wnsdinangarated. The Gor ermnent .of the day sent its agents to Bri n and the other States to preach its "laadless-man:to manless land" proposition.. he efforts of the Government were en-. tarely successful They- relieved-the local de an and put .the.people on, the land. erythin. the Govermmentzof the time: think of-was- done to. help .produc- tion? but nothing was.done. to'help the set tler in his by~ and' seuelling,. in the pro .?eation-of his reqnirementa, or the distri a*tion of his produce, and thetunfortunate. cadition the industry was in to-day, as: evidenced by the Industries Assistance. Bard and other -institutions, was largely the result. For that, however, they did" sot propose -to -blame :th, Government. The ers of the State' had discovered their economic position. They. had found a remedy for most of their troubles in co qoeration, an they had nsseinbled to-devise means by which they would get a share of. what they produced, that they, might go on producing, and make- farmin a heal thy, honoured, properous, end attractive occupation. The everlasting round of hard work, rough living, and poor -returns had uperised many and wearsl all. (Hear, ear.) The confercnae evidrinred the deter mination of the farmer to help himself, to improve his conditions, and to make it peas sible for his wife and amnily to have some of the comforts and c:,nveeuo.aces of c:vilis ed life, and som0 respite frm.n everlasting toil. EHear, hear.) The compan'es lad -scnt Sdelegates to agree upon wars and means to I effect - their purpose, and effect it they would, becanse they knew they must, as Sthere was no poss'bhslr of living under'Le I present system. (Applause,) . S''THE GOVERN?W1.,? AD')RE-.S. \- -His Excelledcy said he wasexsreueely glad ,to have the opportudcty of:meeting a large body of the primary ,rodsce-s of the State who had assembled or .he pumpcse of ,.d E vancin' the. principle of co-operation--a principle which appeared to him from the 1xperience he had had in other parts of the wIorld, end from the observations he had been able to form upon its application in Europe--to be the greatest lever which they could pse in the present day to improve their position, not only in .regard to the markets which they desired 'to obtain, but also 'in. the direction of assisting tlhens: to " secure in the m?st. eco nomical way those necessary ~rdjunct· to 'egricultural and pastoral sursuits. Primaniry producers must regard co-opera tIion in a double sense. They not only cup plied' the uses of other people, but they ( themselves were of necessity users -of what other podple produced. Therefore, the prin ciple .of co-operation applied in both direc Itions. It enab?id them by combineatioa, wbhich wa being adopted in other directions all- over the world, to secu;e the best prices andr some command of the best markets, while at the tame time combination also 'enasiled';them , to.secpe. those. articles which Sthey required for primary production at the ibes. prce and of the best quality. It -would, of course, be. a platitude--but it was ýa necessary platitude-to imprss upon all primary producers that in that pursuit, as' in every other pursuit in the world, it was a ioso?tely neqessary, in order to S Procure the Best Results,' to employ the very best means dad to use the best articles; and to be certain that the articles. they. required were the best. In dividual jiudgment- could not always be certain about that, and it was only possible to secure the best article by utilisag the I common experience of a great numbef of people. In view of the isolated position ,in a:vast area like the State of many pri mary producers, they mtist see the enor nunous benefits which . co-operation could b/bing to the individual proEllcer by en I;abling .him to utilise the benefits and ex IPeience of other primary producers all over Ithe world. To see what cO-operation could do, they had only to look back at the past -history of the British lace, and notice how r?ther people in other occupations had ga !dually come to be--perhaps unknowing to ithemsdves-- copeators. - The foundation of British commerce and.tiade.was laid undoubtedly by the energy of individuals. His'Excelleny traced the gradual evolution of the co-perative spirit m England from I the sixteenth century, the formation of the East India Company, and' the spreading of *the principle among French and Dutch traders with the East. He referred to the great work accomplished .by Jacob Holy oake, the 'Tather of Co-cppration," the century of whose birth was celebrated only a few weeks ago in England, who preached for manry years to unheeding ears. The British farmer was perfectly certain that Ihis individual capacity was able to copey with anything that agriculture might de mand of him; in fact, that .feeling was not confined to the British farmer. There l waasa French saying, " "My Neighbour is My Enemy," " that'characterised that opinion.' It was the Ifeeling of the small French proprietor, and it twasa feeling which had lasted until quite recent years. Co-operators had to deal with that feeling in every quarter of the world, and - there was no quarter where that feeling was more developed than in dris (the Governor's) own native country. The Irishman liled a bargain, and the Irish farmer was certain in' his own mind that he was as good a bargainer as anyone else, and even if he spent s whole day in bargaining over 20s. he was sure he would .oL the better of his opponent by three pence. (laughter.) Some years ago he. had an opportunmity of becoming acquainted with the inside operations of some of she great markets in England, and especially the means which had been developed in foreign countries of supplying- the Lon don market. At that time, about 1880, the London -btter market was principally in the hands of the Normandy and Brit "tiny primary producer~. They had come Ito the help of the small primary producer, and by their operations had procured for the butter from Normandy and Brittany a repptation in the London market which made it. difficult for others to enter that market. Their aim had been to produce one ntandard quality of butter, and the Jking of the butter market told' his (the Governor's). brother:. "I know if I buy 40 tone of. butter from Normanly that- every o ~sce will be of uniform quality." The great butter markel in Ireland was at. Cork.. and they -'hadl No Fewer than. 17 Grdes, anpd no one was sure from day to day whether these grades would be the same. the following week. (Laughter.) That?*as Ithe position about, 1880." His Excellency referred to the graet Sdevelopment of co-operation in Den mark-a coumtry -without any natural ad Svoantages from the point of view of climate |or soil-which led to the displacement by tjhe Danish product of the butter of Nor nandy and Brittany from the position it" hiad occupied in the London market. Somee "eative and intelligent men in Ireland ex -amined the system adopted in Denmark, not -only by the estamblishment of co-operative isooieties, but also by the establishment of ?gricultural banks, which were practically gun by the primary producers themselves, -with State assistance, and they came to the conclusion that the only possible way . Ito improve the position of agriculha~ in d IIreland Was to Introduce Co-operation. The headr, of that great movement was Horace Plinkett. Ireland was largely in i in the dairying industry. In the. s he (the Governor) nws brought up,. in--?he -outh of Tyrone-?he was sure that ere was not a single farmer now, no. t matter wht this former opinion of co .na? been, who would not-adinit. t t itts dtrodn~on had been of the ~t ugrean service to the .whole distriot The Irish rie nuraiMo-operav Society was 6 .es ished,. and it dealt with every side-of - tmbe;I rimry p'?sduows' work. The resulth Iiad been that a great revolution had ~ta2saa pmsoe -ina ;e whole agrioiturau. looked at fromn an unprejudiced point of' view, it would be seen that co- operation .was , One of the. Natural Developments 'of the present condition of .the world's commerce. Primary producers could not afford to neglect the means which were omployed by other organisaticns. (Hear, hear.) The day for the single business man was rapidly passing away. The co-operation of farmers in the districts, to which he Thad referred had resulted in advantage to the smali shopkeepers ?o well, because the farmers had more money to spend. The ,eneit to the whole population had been. enormous, and the fears which were enter tained at the introduction of co-operative societies had not' been realised to the ex tent that the small traders imagined. But they had to consider first of all the prim ary producer, and noct so much these who 'benefited either by his indifference, or his incapacity to see the necessary path, foi him to follow if Ihe was to keep his head above water; and he (the Governor) had no besitatlon in saying that those assembled as teat conference for the purpose' df pro moting co-operation' were n Absolutely the Right Path. in Western Australia there seemed to be above all the necessity for co- operation, and its advantages seemed to present an enor mous field for mutual imnrovement and benefit. He trusted that they might- be looked upon as the apostles of co-operation in Western Australia, and that they might be enabled by their determination, com bimation, and unity of purpose to add year by year to their organisation every single primary producer mn the State. (Applause.) Lie had great pleasure in declaring the con terence open. (Applause.) dIr. Connolly, i.L"A., in proposing a. vote of thanks to his Excellency, said he was able; from his own experience and ob servation In Ireland, to endorse his re manrs regarding the value of co-operation to the agriculturalists of that country. He ,was glad the mc ement was being inaugu rated in Western Australia, because the one great mission he would have to fulfil is Agent- General- would be to get people to settle the vasti, agricultural lands. He did not .know any better argument or ad verisenment to put before the people. He was going to England via Canada, and the Itovernment had commissioned him to stay a few weeks there to make inqhiries into the land question, aind more particularly into immigration moe?fds. Some years ago when he was the Minister controlhng immi oration, he received . numerous nquiries from the north-west of the United States-' regarding the acquisition of land. Those men were;then going by tens of thousands ?ini Canada Western Australia 'was now in a netter position than was. Canada. to offer agricultural lands if such men elected to go to Austolia. instead of Canada: He did not know if the men were still avail able, but it would appeal.to the Anierican business instinct if .he pointed out that the system of co-cperantLn existed in' the State. (tlear, hear.) Mr. H. Stewart. MI ?.C. in seconding, said the primary producers could not afford to neglect any'of the means available in order to hold their own and get the return that their efforts justly ent:tled them to. It' gave him great pleasure on behalf of the rural producers throughout 'the" State to extend to his Excellency a' cordial in vitation to visit. the various ceitres' and make the acquaiintance of other sections of the community, and cee' them in the sphere of their own activities. ("Hear, hear.) The vote was heartily accorded. Professor Shann briefly "addressed 'the conference on 'the necessity for co- operat tion. He pointed out that 'the life of the movement depended on the forniiation and active interest of local, co-operative societies, and urged them to practice punc tuality and despatch in the conduct "of all their business, but warned them against the disastrous consequences that would result' to the movement if they quarrelled among themselves. : THE SCHEME EXPLAINED. Mr. Basil L. Murray said the objects of' the conference were, firstly', to bring about a sympathetic and clear working under standing lbtween' the local co-operativ, copanimes and the parent company; and, secondly, a federation of the local co operative companies. In otheri ceiitries the local co-operative companies- were' first formed and they themselves formed a cen tral agency or' orgatiisation.by. each local company taking 'up shares in' the central company. The 'directors were of 'opinion that the Waeatralian Farmers,. Ltd.; should be .in a sense controlled by the local, con panies, and suggested that a logical and simple way would be'for each compsny to take u,. say, £10 worth of shares. in the Westralian Farmers, .Ltd., and 'in' addition induce every sherc?holder to take a:share aelso., Under this arrangement the local companies would haveone vote in the management-of the central company, and ilso a votd' for. each.one .of its,members whose proxy it held. The central coin pany could be of =ase and 'the local. coin panes .in: several ways..- The central coin pany would. be in the position of' whole saler and the local 'companies the re-, tailers. They should adopt. a uniform -?ys tem of finance and bookkeeping, and 'thb parent company could act as instructor. or adviser in that' iegard.' Cooperation between the local companies could be facili tated by 'the iiafnmt company as' go-be tween. The local companies should always give preference to the parent 'company, as they should control it and share in, its profits. He contended that the.Westrajiun Farmers, Ltd. had already built a solid hbusiness, and bhad proved its ?msefulness in various ways. (Applause.) The following motion was passed - "That this meeting of delegates, repre sentino the farmers' co- operative compaan? formed, and in' process of formation in Western Australia, confirms the desirjble ness of the union of the farmers' co-opera tive companies and of the principle of their .representation by the Westralian Farasers, Ltd." The remainder of the proceedings took place in camera. Certain resolutions were paEse' laving an important hbearinir on the deavelormet of the Central Company, including a motion 'federating the local co-oesative empanies. A number of decisions affecting the develop ment of the local companies were arrived at .The questidn of the inferior quality.cf last year's cornsacks was discussed, and' a revolution was passed to ask the' Prime Minister to take early steps to have the cornsacks insnected in Calcutta before sls'p ment and to have a guarantee as to quality end uniformity., DELEGATES E!TERTAINED.. At Moana Cafe in the evening the dele gates were entertained at dinner by the directors of the Westralian Farmers Ltd. Mr. M. T. Padbury (president) presided and the company, winch numbered about 115, included .Messrs. Carson and Stewart, M'sL ., and Messrs. Wansbrough, Griffiths, Thomson. Rickmott, end . B. Johnston, M's.L.A. Mr: J. H. Prowse, in proposing the toast of "The Parliament," said 'it was a jpity for that country when a Parliament mis took its calling and misused'the time and bhe trust that was imposed in. it, They as a co-operative people felt that 'the Par liament should be m co-operation with them and not only with them but with every other industry in the State. Small mat ters in a time like the present should be relegated to the rubbish bin. (Hear,. hear.) The P'arliaments of the Commonwealth had not given .,the serious consideration that the primary, industries deserved, but the day. was dawning when the Parliaments would regard that matter as of the first importance. There had been a feeling in the minds of the primary prodneers of the State that the Parliaments of the day had been anta"onistic. They had felt that .they had not had a voice in anything. But to-day politicians and others were begin ning to r-eo"nse the importance of the in dustry, and last, but not least, Parliament was begimnning to reaognie its importance not to Parliament or-to themselves, hut to the.State. The farmer was doing more for the State than any other individual. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that the new Cabinet would treat first things first- and' co~perate in anything that made for the advance ment of the State. Mr. Carson, M.L.., in respondinr" said he was surprised and disappointed that.not one of the new Cabinet Ministers was pre sent. He hoped that in the interests of the State they would do all they cpuld to help the Parliament of theay in tfhe great probWlems that faced them. The finances or the State were in a parlous condition, and it would require all the energy and ability of the Government to put the State on a sound fuiancial basis. He was pleased that they had three members of the Country Party in the new Cabinet. He would' like to pay a tribute to the late Leader of the Government Mr. Wilson had served the State well and honourably, and he was sorry-he had not a place in the present Administration. Mr. Mitchell had also doise good service for the State. He had made mistakes, but there was no greater friend of the farmer than Mr. Jkitchell. (Hear hear.) They wanted the strongest Erecutive that it was possible to get, and he thought that notwithstanding the two ,gentlemen who were out of the Cabinet they had a fairly strong team,- and he be lieved they would do good service to the country if the people would stand by them. Mr. Thomson. MLL.A., said that the men who had just been elected to the Ministry had taken upon themselves great responsi bilties. They were going to struggle for the advancement of Western Australia, and if they were not prepared to do unpopular things at times they had no business to be 4?here. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. L. Sutton (Agricultural Commis eioner for the Wheat Belt) proposed "The Co-operative Movement," and the chairman. win acknowledging the toast, referred to the a great difficulties that had to be faced in .starting the movement . (Mr. Stirling Taylor (manager and er Ianiser) also replied, and sid the' little he had done was nothing, compared with the wcrk performed by the staff. Mr. Basil L. Murray, repling, said in his opinion the best, most hard-working and honourable' friend the fermer had in the Sti was Mr. A Mooigeg, who wrrs giving a birthday party. (Applause.) He moved that the gathering gend their coneratula tions re a token of their regard and es teem for him. (Hear, heer.) The proposition was carried. Mr. LS. J. McGibbon (auditor) also re sponded. . At the suggesticn,of Mr. J. P. Stratton (Be?jaberriný), supported by ?r. V B. Jeffery (Yilhminning:Condinin), the toes~ of "The directors. man?ger, and staff of the Westralian Farmers. Ltd.," was heartily drank,. and Mr. Stirling Taylor acknow ledged the compliment. Mr. G L. Sutton-then gave an interesting illustratcd address on the subject of bulk handling -of wheat. The conference will be continued to- day, and visits will he made to the Mount Lyell Chemical and Fertiliser Works, and to the North Frem-antle wharf 