ENTERTAINMENTS. LEAN'S PERTH PALLADIUM. For the last time to-day "The Upheaval," the fine Metro 5-art wonderplay, will be screened at Lean's Perth Palladium, where the atristry of Lionel Barrymore and Margaret Skirvin has aroused the keenest interest of large audiences. Closing out on the same programme is a fine Christie comedy and then Swedish topical film, "Teaching the Blind to See with their Senses." The mangement would draw the attention of patrons to the fact that the prices of admission will he increased from to-day during all evening sessions to 6d. and 1s., plus tax, from 6 o'clock onwards. LEAN'S FREMANTLE PALLADIUM. Harold Lockwood and May Allison, in their delightful Metro romance and mid- summer idyll, "Pidgin Island," will be seen for the last time to-day at Lean's Fre- mantle Palladium, as will also the laugh- able Metro-Drew humoresque "Gravy," and the latest Australian Gazette. On Monday the sterling Metro drama "The Upheaval," with Lionel Berrymore end Margaret Skir- vin, will he this house's chief offering. No increases of prices are being made at this theatre. "THE GIRL WHO DOESN'T KNOW." The highly dramatic and moral drama, "The Girl Who Doesn't Know," based upon one of the famous sermons on modern sociology by the Rev. Henry Stanley, will be screened at Lean's Perth Palladium on Monday next. THEATRE ROYAL. Spencer's programme to-night is a varied and strong one, containing three star fea- tures. In addition to Madams Nansen, the great Danish actress, in "The Song of Hate," which is a picturised version of 'La Tosca," there is the third of the 'Seven Deadly Sins," entitled "Pride." The comedy element will be provided by Charlie Chap- lin in his latest creation, "The Immigrant." The full programme will be presented at the matinee. VIC'S PICTURES, PERTH. An exciting five-part Vitagraph drama entitled "The Magnificent Meddler" is the chief attraction at the Queen's Hall to- day. The story depicts the uphill fight put up by a plucky young reporter in a frontier town. The next to last episode of "The Mystery of the Double Cross," entitled "The Hidden Brand," is also in- cluded in this programme. The former prices have been revised, and in future ad- mission at night time will be 5d. to the stalls and 1s., plus tax, to the circle. In the day time prices remain the same as before. TOWN HALL, FREMANTLE. Commencing to-day at noon, Vic's screen an entirely new programme at the Fre- mantle Town Hall. "The Sixteenth Wife" is the star item, and it features pretty Peggy Hyland and Max MacDermott. Char- lie Chaplin as "The Property Man" will also be shown. "UNDER COVER" AT THE GRAND. To-day's new series at the Grand Theatre contains a real film novel rvoeen r: 'nd a society girl and an apparently worthless young idler, interspersed with a detective element of rare excitement. The climax of "Under Cover" is said to be particu- larly unexpected. Hazel Dawn and Owen Moore are the stars. A new Gazette and Travelogue, with comedy, complete the pro- gramme. "THE MORMON MAID." "The Mormon Maid," which will be shown at the Pavilion Theatre during the whole of next week, is sure to be well patronised. For this reason the manage- ment asks the public to try the day sessions in order to prevent the congestion at night. "THE PRICE SHE PAID." To-day will see the last presentation at the Pavilion Theatre of the great adapta- tion of David Graham Phillips's novel, "The Price She Paid," with Clara Kimball Young in the chief role. This is said to be one of the finest pictures yet seen in Perth. PERTH MAJESTIC. To-day is the last day of the powerful five-part master picture, "The Undertow." A special children's matinee will be held this afternoon "The Butcher's Nightmare," star- ring Ben Turpin being the comic attrac- tion. To-morrow night "Jacko, the Jewel Thief" will be shown. MARY MILES MINTER. Mary Miles Minter opens at Perth Ma- jestic on Monday in her latest feature suc- cess, 'Environment," which has been de- scribed as "Better than Faith." The season is limited to three days. FREMANTLE MAJESTIC. "Kent—Fighting Man" will be screened for the last time at the Fremantle Majestic to-day. To-morrow night Marguerite Clark will appear in "Helen of the North." On Monday a special double bill, comprising "The Undertow" and 'The Man from Bitter Roots," will be the star. KING'S THEATRE, FREMANTLE. Cecil's Pictures have again moved back to their old home in the King's Theatre, Fre- mantle, where his evening a specially at- tractive bill will mark the occasion. "The Curse of Blood" is the title of the star picture, the theme underlying which is the spiritual equality of manhood, regard- less of race, creed or colour. There will be the usual supporting programme. To- morrow (Sunday) evening the usual selected programme will be shown in this theatre, the principal attraction being William Far- num in "The End of the Trail." LIEDERTAFEL CONCERT. The combined Liedertafel and Orchestral Societies will give a grand concert to-night at His Majesty's Theatre (generously lent by Mr. T. G. A. Mollay). His Excellency the Governor has given his patronage and has signified his intention to be present. An attractive programme has been ar- ranged. The proceeds will be devoted to the funds of the "Ugly Men's Association" to continue the good work it is at pre- sent engaged in Box plain will be on view to-day at Nicholson's and afterwards at His Majesty's confectionery shop (op- posite theatre) where seats may be re- served or tickets purchased. SHAFTESBURY. The Shaftesbury programme continues to attract enthusiastic audiences. To- night's programme includes a classic nov- elty by Lulu entitled "The Nautch Girl and Snake." Associated with Lulu are vaudeville artistes including "The Fight- ing Mugs," Danlev and Mae, Vita Thomas, a silvery soprano, and Millicent White, cor- netist. The films include a wonderful and thrilling drama of the underworld. THE PINK DANDIES. The popular Pink Dandies' season at St. George's Hall is now drawing to a close and the box plans for the farewell nights are now on view at J. Spigl's, tobacconist, in Hay-street. The present programme in- cludes a burlesque on a grand opera com- pany at rehearsal, and it is considered the most humorous item the company has staged. During the last few nights spe- cial programmes will be selected from the cream of the Pink Dandies' repertoire. The company commence a three nights season at King's Hall, Fremantle, on August 7. CENTENNIAL SKATING RINK To-night the prizes won at the sports night last Wednesday will be presented. The winners are requested to attend. A special Saturday morning matinee is held every Saturday. The admission is sixpence and skates are free. NORTH PERTH PICTURE THEATRE. At the North Perth Picture Theatre in Monger- street, "Witchcraft," a five-part Lasky production, will be the star pic- ture at to-night's screening, featuring Fanny Ward, together with a full sup- porting programme. To-morrow (Sunday) at 8.45 "Aristocracy," a fine subject, with Tyrone Power as the star artiste, will be screened. 