ALBANY NOTES Admiral von Grapoff, the author of! the modest proposals for the domina tion by Germany of the whole of' the world's waterways, was a frequent vis itor to Eastbourne and London under the unassuming title of Admiral Cra pofl\ A resident of Eastbourne (Mr. Bullen Spicer), who met him several times, writes as follows:— -He came to England for the ostensible purpose o! studying English, but was no doubt ac quiring information for naval purpos es about this section of . the south coast. During the course of a con versation be informed me that the Germans would, if military or naval necessity demanded, seize the Danish islands and fortify Them to prevent the entrance of the British Fleet into the Baltic. Admiral 'Crapovr' visited the Territorial camp here, and also the aerodrome. His son, as well as the Admiral himself, took lessons in Eng lish from me. Other pupils I have re ceived here included Major von Dom mes. He was sent by Major von Os tertag, military a.ttache at the German Embassy, who has since proved to be the head of the German 'spy system' in England. Von Dommes was a.n of ficial at the War Office in Berlin. A'n othcr interesting pupil was a German' officer calling himself 'Hasen jaeger/ whose real name was von Wenser, who afterwards admitted he was a mem ber of the German Secret Service. Hr made several attempts to get a com mission in the British Regular Army. The duel is obligatory in the Italian Army for officers and noncommission ed officers. But now, in the midst of war. an Italian officer, who consider? himself insulted, is dispensed, .by a de cree just, announced, from seeking his revenge on the spot. All duels are to be put off to the end of the war, and then the dispute may be referred, with out loss of honor, to the general com manding. This seems to parody, in small, the Ta'ft proposition of a year's I trait hs£ore declaration of hostilities between nations. The labor famine in Canada has be come so severe that it has attracted the Government's attention. This scarcity has marked every kind of work — especially agricultural — in Western Canada. The Government, is undertaking a. sj-stematic campaign to induce agricultural laborers rrom the United States to go to that part of Canada. As a further encouragement to the immigration of farm laborers the Government has passed a regrula tion providing that the first year of employment as a. farm laborer shall count as qualliyir.gr him to hold a re sidence homestead. The result is tbat a laborer able to work for high wages in the first year, while holdin? :i homestead, will then finish thp. culti vation duties necessary to secure the homestead in two years, instead of three, with sufficient capital from his previous employment to give him a fair start. Labor a#6ncies throughout Eastern Canada are all advertising for skilled men at high rates of pay, while several railways are also trying to se cure labor from the TTnited States. Baghdad has known many masters. The Saracen dynasty under which it attained its greatest glory in the ninth century was overthrown by the Tar tars In 1258, who retained possession of the city until 1400, when, after being captured by Tamerlane, it was ruled by various rival .Mongol masters until Shah Ismail I. 6t Persia took possession in 1502. After capture and recapture time and again by Turks and Persians, it passed under the authority of the former in 15'JS, but remained for an other century and a half a disputable possession. ' The Kaiser is said to have heard of the fate of the Czar with considerable sadness and nervousness. The Kaiser is known to be very superstitious, and lie has been deeply impressed by the rapid development of Russian affairs. As the Socialist review, 'Liciit,' writes:— 'He knows that the price of opposition to the people's wishes will be the same as that paid by Czar Nicholas.' Socialist papers are al lowed by the censorship to hint with a Imos? insulting clearness that the Ho henzollerns should be quick to derive profit from the lesson given to the Romanoffs. 'If the question were asked, 'Upon whose shoulders rests the greatest weight of responsibility at this mo ment?'' various answers might, no doubt be given,' writes Gerard Fien nes. 'But a man of the blue water school' must unhesitatingly divide the honor between/ »Sir John Jellicoe at the Admiralty and Sir David Beatty, com manding the Grand Fleet of Britain. And. of J.he two, it may fairly be said that Sir David Beatty's responsibility is the more direct and personal. But spiritual loneliness the commander in chief must inevitably suffer. He can not share his burden.. He cannot dis cuss his plans of his orders on equa.l terms with anyone. He is on a throne unapproachable by any other, even of rank nearly-equal to his. In Sir David Realty's case he is set over those who were his seniors In his profession., They are now subject to hts will. Like Nelson, he 'has tho happiness to com mand a band of brothers,* for one and all are moved by but ono desire — to bring their country safely through tJie ! most tremendous peril in her history, nut the barrier .of command and re sponsibility Interposes itself between him and those who were his contem poraries and co-equals. It is there, and not the most genial nature or most loyal and affectionate spirit can alto gether get past it. In that sense, far more than Jn the hedge which discip line sets round him. the commander in-chief of the Grand Fleet must suf fer the loneliness which surrounds a throne.' , An ingenious California farmer tells the story of how ho pumped' his farm -jry after it h;nl hodti flooded by a cloudburst lift jacked tip a rear wheel of his autoraoblle. rigged a connec tion between it and the pump handle, started his motor, and in three days he had his farm dry. Tbe car. he says, did work which would have kept a couple of men busy for about two weeks. Lady Mackworth, or England, is a cKreci.or In twunty-n!ne limited liability companies. Sim began her business '.arcer hy n.eq airing a practical know ledge of booKkeoping in the offices of h-r father. Lord Rhondda, in Cardiff. 'The great copper find of the day is in Cuba, in the Province of Plnar del Rio. Fourteen hundred men are here j employed, with all the appurtenances of a modern mining camp. About 142,000 tons of coper have so far been produced. At present prices the mines have, it is sa.id. proved extremely pro fitable. Dr. Erwin Baumann. a KoenJgsbers (Prussia) surgeon, is using large quan tities of aniiine dyeing materials for curative purposes, and has successfully treated over 40D patients with this no vel medicament As a germ killer and arrester of noxious growths these ma terials are found to be far superior to any antiseptic substances so far known; they are quickly distributed, do not coagulate albumen, and. in the quantities used, are absolutely non poisonous. They can thus be used in j a very compact form, and their prompt ! destruction of all bacteria rapidly j stops suppuration, heals wounded tis- I sues, and causes a lowering of tern- i perature. j Murphy was taking a day off. and j wishing to enjoy himself thoroughly he walked round to watch 'the boys.' He was surprised to see his friend | Kelly working as if carrying a horiful1 j ot mortar up and down a ladder were I the only thing he took any real plea sure in. 'It's yourself that's working mighty hard to-day. Kelly.'' expostu lated Murphy. 'Whist! I'm making a fool of the boss!' said Kelly, winking slyly. , 'And how are you doing that,' Kelly?'* 'Sure, Murphy, it's as easy as kissing your hand! Ke sees me going up the ladder with my hod full of mortar, and he thinks I'm working. But. Murphy, it's the same hodful I'm carting' up and down all the time.' What is said to be the Targest elec tric motor yet built has recently been completed by a leading American electrical manufacturer, for use in driving a two-high 35in. reversing blooming mill, which reverses for every pass; that is. every time metal goes through the rolls. Reversals can be made from full speed to full speed in about two seconds, and in regular work nineteen or twenty passes are made in two minutes. The motor has a rating of 15,000, and complete, it weighs more than 250 tons. It is 20ft. high, and the shaft is over 2ft. in diameter. 'Has it ever occurred to you — but of course it has — that the men who cause a war are always vain old fellows Trit'h bald heads and soft, fat'btomachs. who don't have to fight?' The speaker was Theodore Dreiser, the novelist. He went on: 'The elderly, soft, fat Kais ers and Junkers who talk war so fero ciously in well-warmed halls while the young soldiers, without any talk what ever, die in the slush of the trendies —these vain and evil old rascals re mind us of the mushroom gatherer. 'Great heavens, man,' a doctor said to a mushroom gatherer, 'it's a lucky thing you happened to meet me! Those things in your basket there are toad stools, deadly, poisonous toadstools. Why, a handful of them would kill your whole family.' The mushroom gatherer laughed heartily. 'Have v.o fear, doctor.' he said. 'Have no fear. These ain't for us. They're for the market.' ' ' He: 'Will you go to the dance with me?' She: 'I'm sorry, I can't. But I'll introduce you to a very handsome and clover girl whom you can take.' He: 'I don't want a handsome and clever girl; I want you.' The Czar is stated to have exclaim ed 'Think God!' when he heard of the ?wish of f.he people that he should ab dicate. The exclamation agrees with an earlier phrase attributed to the Czar. He is reported to have said to M. Protopopoff a month ago: 'I have »long been sick and tired of every thing.' The employment of school children in the fields In France is giving satis factory results. Seven hundred pupils o£ the colleges of Paris have under taken the cultivation of €00,000 metres of land, while 300 Boy Scouts will cul tivate 40, COO metres o£ gardens. The pupils of suburban colleges in1 the south of Paris will cultivate 100,000 metres. The primary and upper schools will follow tbe lead ot the col leges, and it is hoped that 1,000,000 | metres wil). soon be under cultivation. I One of the earliest references to the I enfranchisement of women is to be found in Henry Fielding's newspaper, the 'Champion,' :n J740. In an ima ginary report of a. suffraee meeting, the writer, who may have been Field ing himself, sets out the arguments of an eloquent Lady Belinda, who, nftftr bewailing the fact thit 'a cobbler is represented in the Legislature, but a duches3 is not,' moves a resolution in favor ot a Parliament of women lo make the laws affecting the «ex and to guard its rights and privilege:? n. era-ins t 'the He-Part of Creation.' Her meet ing adjourned without carrying the re solution, because 'all the ladies spake together.' General von Huenc, the O?rm'an (V vcrnor of. Antwerp, has been deprived of his pension. Thre.v months ^go ivi was forced to leave Antwerp on no- ; count of his pledge to the 'Dutch au thorities about the noi; -deportation of Belgians, which forced Gsrmany to send back a number of deportee:-. The general asked for a command at the front, which was refused. Reporting debates in the Chinese Senate is not an easy task. One of the earliest acts of the Republican Go vernment was to found 3r; institution for the training of Parliamentary re porters. A special system of short hand was evolved to overcorno tho per versities of Chinese script, and alto gether £4,000 was spent on Hie est/iii lishment. At the opening -if the now Parliament twenty reporters were pre sent, all presumed to be capable r=t taking down speeches verbatim Four of these represented newspapers. r.nd the others were charged with the tasic of supplying an official report. .Their notes when transcribed were unintel ligible. After a week's trial both the Government and the Press decider] to give up any hope of obtaining1 a vet - j batiin report of the debates, and to content themselves with a. summary. Fluency in French, which Mr. J. K C. Bodley wants us all to acquire, so as to strengthen the Entente Cordial?, was regarded by Bismarck as a sisn of duplicity when found among natives1. of Great Britain. The Iron Chancel lor told Moritz BufoIi that Lord Amp thill was the only Englishman he ever knew- who was a fluent French con versationalist, and yet could be trust ed. 'Still,' he added, 'it should ha borne in mind that Lord Ampthill ran also express himself very well in Ger man.' The Playgoer: 'Does your husband 50 out to smoke between thn arts?' ''Xo, he comes in ;o watch the pl.-.y between drinks.' The ban on foreign, as distinct from Indian and Ceylon, tea will scarcely affect any country except China. Most of the Java crop goes to Holland; and. though of, late years Formosa tea has attained some reputation in England, its consumption is very limited. Our Ally. Japan, grows a great quantity /»f leaf, but nearly the whole of its ex port is sent to America, where they have acquired ''a taste for a beverage oven lighter than China tea. At ths present time it is worth noting that in the Far East tea Is never mixed with milk or sugar. By the connois seur that would be regarded as mere barbarism. It was about half a dozen years a«o tnat a party was en route for Ireland during the Christmas holidays. The train was late, and made frequent stoppages between the stations. Dur ing ona of these an oulcial came to examine the tickets. 'Where for, please?' 'Cork!' 'Cork!' 'Cork!' 'Are you all Cork?' 'Och, yes,' cri*d one of the party; 'we're all Cork, an' if yer train was the same may be 'u-3 be aisier to draw; but bedad, T never saw such a 'stopper' in my life.' 