O" GORRESPONDENCOE TO THE EDITOR. - c- attention was directed Sto a scribe in your paper Es rda 15 th inst. Nearly all Of ita h whom I have conversed Pi",Enn atter are fully agreed upon 0I ,nlamely, that" 4711 "and onr s "are one and the same, tt he lives nearer to here lan o our office. Inter alia, he t I that History repeats itself." T.:a T G Tucker in his book Preir W\orth Thinking About," Thig' s:" History of the past ! pplicale." Some other writer that history never repeats Sceptin newspaper articles. its hat acalamily it would be ach vas the case, for it took 1800 j of Christianity to abolish ar. And now many of us here cS a quandary whom to believe, e in, or the authorities men ??ied But then again the above t:ned professor says on page 198, Sit only error like disease which Sreail- contagious; truth estab :.heitself slowly like returning halB" Next then, "4711" talks I,?btanalien, of Germanic features an to be anti-British, at least, e Wellain not at all dissatisfied ib having from the very day when wr cas declared quoted the pro oron the evil of Under-Rating e , and for that having been urhedanti-British. My contention that ii those who ought to have ian better had spoken out in the '. strain, at that time, there aiht have been 300,000 recruits ein Australia at the end of 1914, iled of at the end of 1916. I was tan lmost within a stones throw f Ebjerg, Denmark, where Sir ider faggard landed in 1910, and 'i:t what he says of the people isr, page 1, Rural Denmark. i for the travellers, these much hembled a collection of ordinary Ealish folk in their best clothes; aifed ata distance, and out of ear ot. it Rould-be difficult to discover srdifference, perhaps because the t?iSEo largely identical. Ditto copage36, Yet I could point out a rentlemnan in Korumburra who ,ore than anything resembles a ea?ering beer-drinking Gerinan acar, full of boastful weakness 1.rading as power. I claimed the r'ht, and none present objected, to armarchingin the procession on Empireda , as a pioneer, having .actedin what is known as the DaniahSettlement at poowong East i?sl. And by the way, pioneer ina'a dangerous, for out of 15 Danes there, two were killed by i?ling timber, and two died fhrough lirdhips endured. At or around JDmbuana, on thie evidence of two roident pioneers there, there. were li men killed on 15 selec tta of 320 acres each. Seeing ann that according to Messrs Llord George, Bonar Law, Por he0 and others, that it is hirgely a question of food supply, Inouldremind " Podargus," that ,?%orkdone by the pioneers is orwielding produce which helps it sustin the people of the Empire. inaof the Pioneers it may perhaps tolybesaid with J. G. Whittier, 'Dream not of helm and harness, ihesign of valour true; Peace hath ilher tests of manhood, Than attle ever knew." " 4711" would t?olike to leave the inference, that ,rnaturalization papers were just hother"Scrap of Paper." \'el I laenever regarded this as such, d?-have fought German principles (appressing of the Danish lan anne)in Slevig (Danish spelling) tire 1888, by direct monetary con tibationu towards the upkeep of the Danish language there. According to a British Act of Parliament, 'hi? nas brought into force on Janary ist 1915, a naturalized et?hct is regarded as a British i?ahaetallover the world. To again ptole the learned Professor above, Daqe 247: "And when the cry, -hatralia for the Australians' is iht, it is to be hoped that those 'horaise the cry will remember htainy good and useful immigrant, iToine who will blend with our aple, or do something useful for 5s,I thereby at once transformed ?tlnanAustralian, and a distinct faintothe future of the country B?il can conscientiously say with D...Grey and D D. Oxen, I have i"ite to grind; no possible end to fit except this my adopted cuntrys good." It happens. how tr, sometimes, when one meets 'M per:ons of "Podargus's "stamp i that one is irritated, and to again i o t theProessor. page 229:" And 1 .! might go on quoting crude I Pinionsof nation upon nation, and J iltuld be no difficult task to show 'w people are galled and piqued to habitual emnity by unjust I '!eatures, produced by patriotic norance and intolerance." In !tadof this latter would it not be Iter to take the advice contained the Professor's page 106: " The :t and fairest thing the best of Sncan ever have, is the power Id habit of looking at things as Sare, on all sides, clearly, with passion or. prejudice." Fight 1the enemy w\ith the mouth is of avail, often mischievous, hence I le made bold to advocate to work Sorganie, organise and wolk, d to do thits we cannot have too ay men who will help this along. I ,oill gainsay Bacon when he I Bt ble the workmen what may be, let us speak of the Ithatis the True greatness of t]~ins and estates and the means thErieoI' Is "4711" the same I who like a spoilt child, has Otr lamenting in several other tery nespapers, over this Em 'tprocession? l I he the gentle 2.io rhused to abide by the Ted~ d the majority, and then i~ ati that is to ay he was -taoratic not democratic, rNoti ,ule. Some parts of his riutions sound so much like a OidandryHate hitting out at all tlable'? 'O is he an irrecon tongue 'i o practises violence of lollyu (and pen) whom it would be het attempt to pacify? Would aleo advocate that Queen ?lbanra a Danish princess, bloosing her social standing and her place as mother of our King, for that would almost be the logical conclusions of his tirade?-Yours etc., M. 0. L. HANSEN, Korumburra, June 30th, 1917. 