FRMALL QMRTERS Lady MackIworth, of 'Ifngland, is a di rector lu twtinty-nine lmltctd liability ccmpanies. She began her business carocr Iby acquiring a practical knowledge of, bookkeeilnlg in. the olliea of her father, Lord Rhondda, in Getiiff. General von Iunen, tihe German IGoyer nor of Antworp, has been deprived of his pension. Three months ago he was forced to leave Antwerp on account of his pledee to the Dutch authoritles about the non deportation of Belgians, which forced Ger many to send ibck a number of deportee. The General asked for a command at the front, which was refused. The Turkish woman is marriageable at the ago of nine years, and by Turkish law, at that age, if married, she is competent to manage her property and dispose of ono-third of her fortune. The law a.llows her to abandon her husband's house for just cause, anid will protect her in so doing. She cannot be compolled to labour for the support of her husband. FlueIncny in French, which Mr. J. E. C. Bodley wants ,us all to acquire, so as to strengthen tile Entente Cordiale, was re garded by Bisomarcl: as a sign of duplicity when found among nativecs of Great Bri tain. The Iron Chancellor told Mbritz ousch that Lord Ampthill was the only Englishman he ever knew who was a fluent French conversatlonallst, and yet, could be trusted. "Still,' lie added *"it should be fornoe in mind tlhat Lord Amp thill can also' express himself , very .well in German." The duel is obligatory in the tal.ian army for officers and non-commlnl ioned Ctl-.ers. Blut now, In lhaemidst of na.o, an Italian officer who considers. lhnseltf in sultcl is dripenoed, by a decree just an reounced, from seeking his revenge on the epot All duals are :to be put 'off to the and of the.wer, and'then the dispute may <be ?ferred, wih.lio'ut' loss .of honour, to the genetral commanding.. This seems to parody, in small,. the 'Taft propcstlion bf *a year's wait' before 'declaratlion of hos tilities between 'unations. Bagdad has known many masters. The Saracen dynasty tnder which it attained its greatest glory in.the ninth century WOs overthrown by the Tartanse in 120, who rqtaintd possession of the city -until 1400, when, after boeing captured .by; Ta merlane, it wens.ruled by various rival Meonrel masters 'until Shah Imall I. of Persia took possesslohn in 1502,. After-cap ture end recaptures time endl again by Turks and -Perslans, it passed under the authority of the former in ?1638, but:re mainod for andther century and . half a. disputable possession. . . The ban on -'foreign, as distinct from Indian and Coylon, teo will scarcely affect any countrys-.except China. Most of the Java crop goes to Holiand, and thoigh of. late ysars'lormosa tea.has attatined some reputation.in England, its consumption is very lImlted. .Our Ally. Japan grows a grieat -quantity df leaf, but . iearly the whole of its export, is sent to America, where they have ncquired a taste for a beverage even lighter than China tea. At the present time ,ritIs worth noting that inthe Far East. teon is never mixed with milk or sugar. By the connoisseur that Wvoold be regards'd, as more barbarism. Tl'here is a fashion in Christian names as in everything else,- and the great struggle now going on will mark an eDoch in family nomenclature, for parents are malkilng free use of namos" famous at the moment -'(says."The Lady"'). The last chunge of the kind came about through the Ameri can advent into society, which is respon sible to a lurge'xtent for the fanciful and semi-foreign names'figuring so largely iln. Burke and Debrett. Early. last cen tury daughters were frequently christen ed Auguistaq Sophln;? o Amelia ' out of ,eompliment to the HIouseo of I~dnover. Then Jane?: Mary, Eltzabeth, and Louisa weoroe almost -invariably tlhe aristocratic names of the mid-nineteenth century. Probably- no writer of to-day works under more delightful -and inspiring con ditions than. Miss Marieo Corolli. I-Ier rharming, quaint; gahled' house in Stiat- fordeon-Axon ,I.so old tb-ut Shakespeare must oftcn ha-e passed it in his boyhood; and even:then it' w?-as no longer young. Within the old- orld: 'caskeot is enshrined one of the most ,luxurious equipped of modern homes, made vocal with the song of innumerable birds, Miss Corell's pets, and mad-s beautiful with 'a profusion of flowers in every .room:. The garden which surirounds- this beautiful home on three sides is steped-d in tile perfum'o of roses and flowers of every hue; and shut ili by old, far-spreading trees. In 'this garden Miss Corelli has evolved some of her Ilater hooks and written their first rough pencil outlines. . . America posseesses a society of seaweed enthusiasts who hold lieriodical dinners at which nothing but seaweed, is served. One of its.members recently published an article in the " Technical World Maga zine,' in which he. stated that .on the sea beaches of the Unilted States sufficient protelds to talo the place of the entire product of the nor'th-western. wheat fields reo cast up by, the. waves and allowed to decay. "'The ungathered: harvest' o the sea." will not, he thinks, long escape the notice of enterprising business men. Some' day .we shall. seea 'Shredded Seaweeds,"' Desiccated Dulse," "Malto Kelp," "Cream of Sea Mess," and a score of other marine preparations alluringly advertised.. But what will .the fishes think when the eco nomic pressure of the world above helps to rob: them of their food? Reporting debates 11 the Chinese Senate is not an easy task 'One:of the earliest acts of the Republican Government was to found an institution for the training of "Parliamentary reporters. 'A special sys-, tern of shorthand was evolved to over come the perversitles of Chinese script, and altogether. 4000' was' spent on the establishment. At the opening of the now Parllament. twenity ,reporters- were pre sent, all presumed to' be capable of taking down::spceches verbatum,' Four of these represented. newspapers, and the others were charged with,the taslk of supplying an oflfcial report. Their inotes when tran scribed wcro iunintelligible. After a week's trial poth the Government and the press dsecded to give up.any hope 'of 'obtaining a verbatini report of the debates, and to content themselves with?i asummary. The labour famine in Canada has become so severe that it. has attracted the Gov rhnment's attention. "This scarcity has marltcd' over.:-kind of work-l- specially agricultural-in .Western Canada..The Gov irnment :is undertakling a systematic cam paign to' induce agricultural. labourers from the United States to go to' that part of; Canada. . As.o further .encouragement to thd immigration of farm labourers the Government has passed a0 regulation pro viding' that the first year bf employment us a farm labourdr shall count as .qualil fying him to hold 'ii residence homestead. The result Is that a lanbourer oblo to work for bhl@h wages' In the first year. while holding 'a" homestoad,, will then linish the cultivation duties necesasry to :Secure the homestead In 'two yoars,;.instead of 'three: with sufficient capital from his previous employment to" give him a' fair' start. Labour' agencies throughout Eastern Can ada are all advertising for skilled or un skilled men' at high. rates of pay, whldl several railways are also tnying to secure labour from the United States. Aunirnill vein Grrpoff, *he'. author of tliei modctat proposols for the domination by Germany of the wholo of the world's waterways, wao o a frequent visitor to rast'bourno and London under thel unas lmling title of Admiral Crapow. A re olident of Enllnuirnoe (Mr; Euillen Bplcer), wlo meot him sevirnal tinots, write as fol lows:-t"He enam to 'Englag d for tho os tonliblo purpose, of studying E?ntlish, but wis no doubt acqulrlin informatlon for naval purposes acmat hils section or the eonth const. During the course of a coinmwrstion be infrnrmed me that the Ger mans would, if millitary or naval necc. silty demnandedl, ,sclz thel Danish Islands and fortify them to prevent thle entlrnce of the lrltii;h floot In?to tho lraltlc. Ad miral 'Crapow' visited the Territoriall camlp fhere, sid also the aerodramlnc HIs son, as well aso the admiral hlimsnaelf, tool: loeons in Eisgllsh from 111n. Other pupils I have received heoe liuhldcd IMajor von Dommns. ITo was scr.t by Major. von Cltortang, anllitary attachll at tlhe Germna Illbansy". who hlas s!nic proved, to bl' the head of i.o Gernmnn 'spy syatelu' In Eng Jand. Vcn Dommes wn's an c.'ilclal at the .Wa~s0la'flin- Brltu. Another l-utermondia puiil .wa~is a German oficer calling him self 'Ilnsenjaeger,' whose real name was vonr Wenser, who afterwards admitted Ihe was a mdmober or the Gcrman Serd't .orvice. Hlb made se'veral attempts to get a commission in thie ritish regular army. The great copper find of the day is in Cuba, in the Provinee of Pinatlr deol..Rio Fourteen hIlrndlred mean are here employ' ed, 'with all the apfurtonaances of a mod ern mining camp. About. 142,050 0tons of copper has so far beena produced.- At present prices the mines have,. it 'is said, proved extremely profitable.,. Six days after her wedding a' Hoorish bride is "at homo" to her. friends. All put on their best dresses, aind tea and sweetmeats- are indulged in. A freshly caught. fish is brought In oi' a plate, and this the .bride cooks, in order Ito. prove that sire is capabje of looling ~after her husband and household affairs. An ingenilous .Californiarn farmer 'tells the story of'how he pumped his farm dry alter it had ,been floode?l..'by a clod burst. He jacked up a rear 'sf?hel of his hultombilo, :riggel ai'econnectlod: b'tne8h it auid the pump handle, started hIis nimotor, and. in three'days bad his' farm dilry.. The car, he says, did work which' wuld have kept'a couple of men. busy for about two weels.. , 'hie employment of school' children in: the felolds in Franco is ging'sdtl!sfactory results: S even hundred pupils of the eol leges of-: Paris have undertakcn:. thoe cul tiovationr of t3 000 metres of, land, while ;00 boy scuts will cultivate 40,000 metres of gardens. 'The pupils of. nburban' col leges in tire south of Panris wil,.cultlvate 100,000i metres. The primary and' upper schlools;will. follow 'the loud.of the col leges,; and it is hoped that' 1,000,000 metres will soon be under. cultivaitior:.'.' . iMany. years ago' MIss' 'Ellen Terry' was appearing at an old Dublin theatre,. ;and towards the end of the play was'supposed to commit suicle'o by jumping : into the. river. One night, when she reached thre usual eminence of rock to -jump :off, sho found, to hier, dismay, that. no. mattress' had boeen placed in.the "river'. for her tdo. fall on, so down she came on the' bare bhoards with a hard thud. Her confusion was intense, but it was increased tenfold when a voice from the gallery sang out in a rich broguIe, "Obh, be jabers! the water's frozdn!" ' Thid Kaiser is.said to have heatd of the fafe' of the Czar'with considerable sadness and nervousness. The Kaiser is known to be very supestltiobus, and he has been deeply impressed by .the rapid develop vent of Russian affairs. As the Socialist review, "Licht," writes :-"He knows that the price of opposition to tlhe people's wishes will be the same as .that paid by Czar Nicholas." Socialist liapers are' al lowed by the eensorshlp to hint with al most insulting clearness' that:.the Hohen zollerns should be quick to derive .profit from the lesson given to theo Romanoffs.. Dr. Erwin Baumann, a IKoenigsberg (Irusislia) surgeon, is using large quan'li ties of anillno dyeing materials for cur' ative purposrc, and has' successfully treat ed over 400 ratients with this novel 'medl cament. As au' gnorm killer and arrestor of noxious growths these' materials are found to be far superior' to any antiseptic substnnces so far known;' they are guick ]y dlistribulteo?, do vot coagulate albunmen. and, in, lthe quantitlIes used, are' absolutely non- polsonous. 'They can thus be :ned in a' very compact form, and their prompt' destrlction of all bacteria rapidly stops cuppuration, .hoalsw'ounided tissues, and causes a lowering of 'temperature. One ' of the. earlie?t r[erences to the enfranchisement dt wvomen is to be found in Henry F ielding's . irowspaper," the "C.hampion,'" in; 1740. In an tnaginary report of a suffrage meeting, the .writer, who may have been Fielding himself, sets cut thie arguments' of an eloquent Lady Belinda, who, after bewailing the fact. that "a cobbler is represented in' the Icgislathre, but a duchec'is not," moves a resoldution in ~favour' of a 'arllament of women to make the laws affecting the -ex and to 'guard its rights and pri'vilegec against "the Ho- Pa:rt of Creation.'. Her meetinig adjourned without carrying the resolution, because "allithe ladies .spake together." ' "If " the question 'were asked, .Upon whose shouldels rests the greatest weight of responsibility at this moment ?' vari ous answers might, no doubt, be given," writes Gerard Fiennes. '"But a man of the blue water school must unhesitatingsly divide the honour between Sir John Jel licoe at the Admiralty and Sir David Beatty, commanding the Grand Fleet 'of Britain. .And, of the two, it may.fairlybe said that Sir David . Beatty's responsi bility is the more direct and personal. But spiritual loneliness 'the commander in-chief must inevitably suffer. IHI can not share his burden. He cannot discuss his 'plans or' his o.ders on equal terms with anyone. Ho is on a throne' 'unap proachable by any other, even of rank nearly equal to his.' In.Sir 'David Beatty's case he is set over those who were his seniors in hii profession. They are noW subject to his will. Like Nelson, he' has the happiness to: command a band of bro thers, for one .nnd all are moved by but one desire-to bring their'country safely thlrough tlhe most tremendous pieril of her hlstory. 'But the barrier of command and responsibility interposes itself between him and those who.were his contemplora ries and co-equals:' It is there, and not the. most genial nature or most loyal and affectionate spirit can altogether get past it. In that sense; far more than in the hedge which diseiplinoe.sets round him, the Commander-In-chief of the Grand Fleet must suffer the loneliness which surrounds a throne." 