WHAT HISTOBY TEACHES US. XBX SIB JOSEPH CASEUTHEBS, M.L.O.) 'Maul Know thyself!' Thcso were the words inscribed thousands of years ago on 000 of the most famous of ancient temples. and the/ have been handed down to us as if of oracular import. Jt has taken this war to rouse the world to a knowledge of what history has deeply in* scribed on its scroll— that, after all, man is Whatever we have spruug from in the evo lution of our species, there lurks innate in the feelings of the best of creation, but tlio most brutal and cruel passions of the primal sav age beast. The btruggle for existence has always been going on through untold ages. It has in the is. The lust for power and possession, greed and avarice, in men or nations, has not bccii park of our animal instinct, but in the outcome of perverted reason. We credit animals with instinct, and wo claim to possesB a power unknown to other ani mal* — which wo call reason, or higher intelli gence. If man were always actuated only by the instincts of the bruto creation from which he haa beon evolved in tho strugglo for existence, the human rsco would not have stained its hands with so many of tho terrible crimes which bavo made tho history of mankind a long series of martyrdom. What wo call civilisation may today have raised tho standard of living in the world, but it baa ever been associated with war, conquest, subjugation, pillage, and devastation. Tho pendulum has kept swinging backards and forwards. Tho Golden Ago of Peaco and Plenty has been followed too often by the Dark Ages, when wholo nations and contin ents have been cast into long periods of suf fering and slavery, with barely a glimmer of light in their life, History has not ended its records yet, and tae pendulum has not ceased from swinging. Europe has been for over 20 centuries the ccntro of civilisation, with one long spell of its Dark Age interposed. Three years ago, no man could have been found in all this world of ours who would have denied that we bad reached the highest phase of science, inven tion, art, and tho best level ever knoown of humanity. Three years have not yet passed, deny that there has been moro cruelty, bru tality, and wanton evil than perhaps was ever kndwn in ancient or modern times. MAN! KNOW THYSELF. The primal passions have been long pent up, and are now let loose. Our boasted civilisa tion haa been but a thin veneer. Beneath it, in the races of mankind, there is still the mas ter passion which lcvelB to the animal in a struggle for life. And this roaster passion has been let loose upon tho world because the lust for power and possession became be yond control in one of our sovereign races. It is the same story that runs through the ages, and history is but repeating itself. A great writer onco said that in the analy sis of history it wosnot a comparison between the good nations and the bad, but between the bad and the worst. Tho dominant races of to-day have oil coma from the Mid-east. The European nations arc almost entirely of Eastern origin, derived from tho Tegions now known as Bokhara, Turkestan, end the higher lands of Persia and India. 'The only survivors of the original inhabi tants of Europe arc the Basques and tho Lapps. The Kelts, or Celts, represent the first immi grants, and to-day their stock are the Irish, the ScotcVtho Welsh, tho Bretons of France, and, in admixture, the English. Unfortunately, that title it is asHuucd that ire arc of German or Teutonic blood. As a matter' of fact, the term ' Saxon ' has been applied to our race without reason. King Alfred tho Great never spoke- of his people as Saxons, but as the 'Bngllsche.' Tho Danish or Viking straill came from the Scandinavian districts, and it waa the best blood of the hardy Norsemen that mixed with the Celtic. The Bomans and the Normans conquered Britain, but the Bri tons Tcmoined the people that absorbed the conquerors and assimilated them with auy of the- groat crimes of history, and the annals of ths British aro less stained with blood than those- of any other empire. If we cannot claim to be tho good1 nation of the world, we can show that we are not tho worst. THE WOULD 'S GREAT HIGHWAY. The great highway of tho world for 12,000 years has been that leading from the Persian and Indian Gulfs through Armenia and Meso potamia, to tho Mediterranean, whenco it broke into many by-ways. 'Along that highway came at ono time our early ancestors, tho Kelts, then tho founders of Greece, Macedonia, and Albania, and Some, ?ad in more recent times the Turks. The Germans camo last of tho older tribes from Sdavonio, and their route was more north erly into Europe. They have not long emerged from their orig inal tribal barbarism and ferocity. The so called virility of tho, German race is merely the instinct of tho wild man, with its ferocity untamed by a few hundred years of contact with more civilised people. To-day this war is being waged in Egypt, 'which 10,000 yean ago was tho home of a high drill jitlon; it is being waged in Syria and Palestine, of Biblical antiquity; in Arabia, which for centuries before Christ was a land of pilgrimages to that ancient well, tho Caaba, or Kaaba, now the sito of Mecca, the birth ; place of Hobammedism; in Mesopotamia, and Armenia, with Mount Ararat and the Tower of Babel, and the tomb of the prophet Jonah, honored by Christians, Mussulmans, and Per ?labs alike. It is being waged near to Byzau Horn, the centre of the Great Western Empire of 100O years ago; and in Macedonia, the birthplace of Alexander the Great; on the alto of ancient Carthage, on the plain? of Troy, near by Mount Sinai, and alongside tho ancient cltits oi Tyro ana Sidon, whence came the Phoenicians and their colonists, tho Carth aginians. ? If you meet tho Jew, his eyes will be turn ed towards the fountain city of his faith; il tho Christian, the samo city, Jerusalem, is to him the birthplace of his religion. The Moslem, and his shrines are Mecca and Hedina, whilst in Mesopotamia are the ancient cities of the heathens of Central Asia. These regions are tho cradle of the world's religions, asd ths birthplaces of the Bo-colled civilised Powers of the earth. They are stained with the blood of tbo whole peoples massacred,* of martyred prophets and reformers, and of the slaughter of battlefields. There is nothing transpiring to-day that is not a, repetition of history. ; WHEBB ABE THEY TO-DAYf ?? Where today is Babylon, that city larger tau London, with its great palaces and- monu- mental works of architects and engineers! Babylon has beon blotted out, as was prophe sied. All that remains is below the mil, and none exposed, save by tho work of modern ex cavation. William Warucld, an American, vis ited it in 1913, and this is what he says in his book, 'Tho Gate of Asia,' relating his ex cavated ruins of Nebuchadnezzar's palaeo and on tho site of tho famous hanging gardons of the 'ECings !~— 'The city in an abode of death. Only ono living thing remains in this tomb of perished Empires. Only a singlo voiee is lifted over it A prophecy remains to be fulfilled. Tho sun sinks out of sight beyond tho palm trees; sheep aro driven to the sbolter of their folds. The gates are closed in the village beyond the gardens, and tho cooking smoke of evening hov ers above the roof, A dim, grey form slinks behind a pilo of ancient brldttv. Off among the ruins a quavorlng, h]gh*pitcbcd cry breaks the silence; anguish is there and dupolr; thoa tho cry is brolcen by screams of mocking laugh* ter. The prophecy is fulfilled. 'Tne jakals shall howl in their palaces, and the wolves in their pleasant placeB.' ' In this city, and in the surrounding country, thousands of Jews wcro taken into captivity by Nebuchadnezzar, and the book of Eira telly of thoso descendants who returned to Palestine. But' recent travellers have found largo Jewish colonies still there, and, strange to say, they speak tho Hebrew language as their native tongue. Theso Jews of Mesopotamia claim to bo direct descendants of tho captives of Neb* uchadnczzar. Tbo fact that tbo Hebrew lan guage had practically disappeared in Palestine us tbo nntive tonguo of the people in tho time of Christ lends color to this claim. The largest colony of these Hebrews is at Kerkuk, a city on tho Upper Tigris, where nre tho torabs of Shadrach, Meahacb, and Ab* cdnego. In Mosnul, htill higher up on the Tigris sour* ccs. there arc 5000 Jews of the some lineage. Mosul, on the site of ancient Nineveh, tho great Assyrian city, is known to most of us unwittingly when we speak of the fabric 'mus lin, ' made originally there. Our familiar igin to the 'Kirmiz,' an insect of Armenia, from which the inhabitants of that part made a beautiful red dye. thence to Persia's highlands, there are the tribes of Kurds and Chaldeans. If we look back into the pages of history, we Iliid the story of Empires rising and falling as the causes work that inevitably make for power mil decay. Egypt, with its 10,000 populous cities from Alexandria to the heart of Africa, and it* sov* ?rcignty over the Mediterranean— -what is it ! o-day f It roBO by tho industry of its people, by lie learning of its priests, by its scionce and is arts, by its trade, and by its great rulers. It decayed because of its wealth and luxury, md because its own people would not fight for licir own country, but paid mercenaries to do' it for them. ' lius hiid the world under a vast debt for all that it did to better mankind, even at a ter rible price. Take mighty Persia, with its colossal armies, under kings like Cyrus. It remains a remnant of dei diet rulers and ruled— still in its Bark Ages. Yet to Persia, too, the world owes much. Its decline came from its luxury and wealth, leaving its empire a prey to more needy but Assyria, Medea, all gone back into the verge of barbarism, with a track of ruined and bur ied cities as the landmarks of great wars and Yet climate had much to do with the fall of these lands, as the rainfall has ceased, the hent increased, and rivers and canals failed to Greece never was great, although Alexander made a brilliant episode in history, when he conquered the world. Winwood Iiende, in his great work, 'The Martyrdom of Man,' written nearly fifty yearn ago, summed up the Grecian character in thefco words: — 'It was their inveterate dishonesty, their want of faith, their disregard of tho sanctity of onths, their hankering after money, which tho f nco of danger. ' ' At their best they were a race of talkers and writers, exploiters of others; and their cuii'iucsts were really the work of greater sub ject rnees, not endowed with their brains or their cunning, but braver tut men. Phoenicia rose as a trading race from Con* aan, near Mount Lebanon. With their sea towiid, Tyre and Sidon, they became great trad* crs and shipowners. Their colony at Carthage out rivalled Phoenicia, Their, empire extended to the licart of Africa, to Spain, and over Sic ily. 'Cartliage must be destroyed1,'1 said Cato, nnd the story of tbo .destruction of that splon* did city after more than three years' siege is one of the most terrible in the annals of his tory. Xot a soul was spared. For 17 days after the pcoplo were destroyed the city burn* etl, and then tbo plough was run over the ash If the Carthaginians had paid less attention to the accumulation of wealth and luxury, but had cultivated moro the virtues of patriotism and of self-defence, it would not have fallen. race. It sprang, as America, has, from a polyglot of races; chiefly from slaves and exiles. Yet Home has influenced the history of tho Western world more perhaps than its predeces sors, and cliiclly because it rose out of the ashes of decayed and destroyed empires. When Homo declined from the same recur* ring and eternal csubc of laek of civic pride and virtue, Europe relapsed into tbe Dark Ages. Then camo the Huns, the Vandals, the Goths, nnd the Moors; and tho best of these were the Moors. Mahomet bad arisen, and it is questionable whether Mahomet baa not done moro for the civilisation of tbo world than any' single man save the founder of tbo Christian faith. The Turks to-day represent only the Saracen in his lnst phase of decay. Unspeakable as the Turk of modern times i», he is only a re pent of the ruling caste of every past empire, when tlto brute instinct or reversion to animal type lias got its mastery over tho higher man THE LESSONS. ' What, then, are tho lessons of the Ages! That war is an inevitable thing; and that na tions, to live, must be always prepared to de fend themselves. 'Eternal vigilance is the price of Liberty,' or, in other words :— '111 fares lite land to hastening ills a proy, Whcro wealth accumulates and men decay.' This war, in winch tho whole world is en* gaged, is a horrible nightmare, but the world, like the tired man, or the sick man, has its nightmares from timo to time, and they will corns ngain and again as sure as the earth is inhabited. If nations will dolude themselves and trust the others, instead of relying on themselves, they will experience tho same fate as hun dreds' of others* havo dono before. And if tbo classes of ono nation forget the tribal and animal' instinct of self-preservation against external danger, not all tho nostrums in the world of Socialism, Laborism, or Liber alism will save them if they forgot that the safety of the nation is the first law of every country. To-day it is a spectacle for the gods to'sce Rubsia going headlong to its downfall, dancing to tho fiddling of workmen's unions, socialistic make ?believers, and general anarchical societies, whilst a mad giant is battering at its door, waiting to repeat the samo episodes in his tory that wero enacted at Carthage, at Jerusal em, at Nineveh, at Babylon, and at tlie heart of otbrr past empires that sacrificed them solves to March madnc&g; and moonstruck lead Thank Qod for Britain, and America, and the Latin people of Italy, France, and flou Thoy aro of our tribes, and I trust men less Allies. I well remember Sir Henry Farkes ofttimes addressed to England, and they nre a fitting conclusion to this article: ? 'Shake off the mocking allies at thy gate, Gather up thy wandering brood.' The salvation of the world to-day lies in Hie keeping of tho Celtic races and of their Latin Allies, whot hrougli the ages have kept' unceas ing vigil to win and to preserve their liberty. 