WHAT HISTOBY TEACHES US. (BY Sift JOSEPH CABHUTHER9. M.I, .0.1 'Man! Know thyself I ' Thcso woro tho Words inscribed thousands of years ago on , one of tho most famous of ancicnt temples, and thoy have been handed down to us as if of oracular import. It has taken this war to rouse the world to ft knowledgo of what history has dcoply in scribed on its scroll — that, after all, man is morfl «f on nnimnl -tlitiu nf o f!#wl ?Whatever wo have sprung from in tho evo lution of our species, there lurks innate in the human race, not only the gentler and nobler feelings of the best of creation, but tho most brutal and cruel passions of the primal sav age beast. The struggle for existoncc lias always been j going on through untold ages. It has in the i ead uplifted man, and made him what ho now is. Tho lust for power and possession, greed and avarico, in men or nations, has not been part of our animal instinct, but is tho outcome of perverted reason. We eredit animals with instinct, and wo claim to possess a power unknown to other ani mals — which wo call reason, or higher intelli gence. If man were always actuated only by the instincts of the bruto crcation from which ho has been evolved in the strugglo for existence, the human raco would not have stained its hands with so many of the terriblo crimes which have made tho history of mankind a long series of martyrdom. What wo call civilisation may to-day have raised the standard of living in the world, but it has ever been associated with war, Conquest, subjugation, pillage, and devastation. The pendulum, has kept swinging backards and forwards. Tho Golden Ago of Peaco and Plenty has been followed too often by tho Dork Ages, when whole nations and contin ents have been cast into long periods of suf fering and slavery, with barely a glimmer of light in' their life. History has not ended its records yet, and the' pendulum has not ccased from swincrincr. Europe has been for over 20 centuries the centre of civilisation, with ono long spell of He Bark Age interposed. Three years ago, no man could have been found in all this world of ours who would have denied that wo had reached the highest phaso of science, inven tion, art, and tho best level ever knoown of humanity. Three years have not yet passed, and searce one man could be found who would deny that there has been more cruelty, bru tality, and wanton evil than perhaps was ever known in ancient or modern times. MAN! KNOW THYSELF. The .primal passions have been long pent up, and are now let loose. Our boasted civilisa tion has been but a thin veneer. Beneath it, in tho races of mankind, thoro is still the mas ter passion which levels to the animal in a struggle for life. And this master passion has been let loose upon tho world because the lust for power and possession bccamc be yond control in one of our sovereign races. It is the same story that runs through the ages, and history is but repeating itself. A great writer onco said that in tho analy sis of history it wasnot a comparison between the.good nations and the bad, but between the bad and the worst. The dominant races of to-day have all come from the Mid-east. The European nations are almost entirely of Eastern origin, derived from the regions now known as Bokhara, Turkestan, sod the higher lands of Persia and India. The only survivors of the original inhabi tants of Europe are the Basques and tho Lapps. The Kelts, or Celts, represent the first immi grants, and to-day their stock arc the Irish, the Scotch, tho Welsh, the Bretons of France, and, in admixture, the English. Unfortunately, we are termed tho Anglo-Saxon race, and from that title it is assumed that we arc of German or - Teutonic blood. As a matter of fact, the term 'Saxon' has been applied to our race .without reason. King Alfred the Great never spoke vof his people as Saxons, but as the 'Englische.' .Tho Danish or Viking strain came from tho Scandinavian districts, and it waa tho best blood of tho hardy Norsemen that mixed with tho Celtic. The Romans and the Normans conquered Britain, but the Bri tons remained the people that absorbed tho conquerors and assimilated them with any of the great crimes of history, and the annals of the British are less stained with blood than those of any other empire. If we cannot claim to be the good nation of the world, we can easily produce our record for comparison and show that we aro not tho worst. THE WORLD'S GREAT HIGHWAY. Tho great highway of tho world for 12,000' years has been that leading from tho Persian and Indian Gulfs through Armenia and Meso potamia, to fho Mediterranean, whence it broke into many by-ways. Along that highway camo at ono timo our early ancestors, the Kelts, then the founders of Greece, Macedonia, and Albania, and Rome, and in more recent times tho Turks. The Germans came last of the older tribes from Sclavonia, and their route was more north erly into Europe. They have not long emerged from their orig inal tribal barbarism and ferocity. Tho so called virility of the} German race is merely the instinct of tho wild man, with its ferocity ?rintamed by a few hundred years of contact .with more civilised people. To^day this war is being waged in Egypt, #hich 10,000 yearB ago was tho home of a high civilisation; it iB being waged in Syria and Palestine, of Biblical antiquity; in Arabia, which for centuries before Christ was a land of pilgrimages to that ancicnt well, the Caaba, or Kaaba, now tho site of Mccca, the birth place of Mohammedism; in Mesopotamia, and Armenia, with Mount Ararat and tho Tower of Babel, and the tomb of the prophet Jonah, honored by Christians, Mussulmans, and Per sians alike. It is being waged near to Byzau tinm, the centre of tho Great Western Empire ' of. 1000 years ago; and in Macedonia, tho j blfthplaco of Alexander the Great; on tho sit? of ancient Carthage, on tho plains of Troy, near by Mount Sinai, and alongside tho ancient cities of Tyro and Sidon, whonco camo the Phoenicians and their colonists, tho Carth aginians. If you meet the Jew, his eyes will bo turn : ed towards tho fountain city of his faith; ii / Xhe Christian, tho same city, Jerusalem, is to M-n the birthplace of his religion. \Jthe Moslem, and his shrines are Mecca and whilst in Mesopotamia are the ancicnt eltiti oj the heathens of Central Asia. ^'^..Tegions aie- tho cradlo of the woild's religion^ ^d tho birthplaces of tho so-callod civilised 0f the earth. They are ^ined with tho blood of tho whole peoplos maBt^^ 0f martyred prophets and reformers, and ^ tlie slaughter of battlefields. There is noth\^ transpiring to-day that is not a repetition' ,«i j,;story. 1 WHERE ARtTjjEY TO-DAY? Where to-day is Ba\^011j that city larger than London, with its gri^. j,aiace3 mlj monu V ?-\ '- ??? montal works of architects and engineers? Babylon has bcon blotted out, as was prophe siod. All that remains is below tho toil, and none exposed, savo by tho work of modern ex cavation. William Warficld, an American, fis ited it in 1013, and this is what he sayB in his book, 'Tho Gate of Asia,' relating his -x- perienco in an evening walk through tho cx cavatod ruins of Nebuchadnezzar 'b palnco and uu tho site of tho famous hanging gardens of the Kings : — 'Tho city is an abodo of death. Only one living thing remains in this tomb of perished Empires. Only a singlo voieo is lifted ovor it. A prophecy remains to be fulfilled. Tho sun sinks out of sight beyond tho palm trees; sheep are driven to tho Bhelter of their folds. Tho gates are closed in the villago beyond the gardens, and tho cooking smoko of ovoning hov ers above the roof. A dim, groy form slinks behind a pilo of ancient bricks. Off among tho ruins a quavoring, high-pitchcd cry breaks tho silonco; anguish is thero and despair; then tho cry is broken by screams of mocking laugh ter. The prophecy is fulfilled. 'The jnkals shall howl in their palaces, and tho wolves in their pleasant places.' ' In this city, and in tho surrounding country, thousands of Jews woro takon into captivity by Nobuchadnozzar, and tho book of Ezra tolls of those descendants who returned to Palestine. But recent travellers have found largo Jewish colonies still there, and, strange to say, they speak tho Hebrew language as their native tongue. Thcso Jews of Mesopotamia claim to bo direct descendants of tho captives of Nob uchadnczzar. The fact that the Hobrcw lan guage had practically disappeared in Palestino as tho native tonguo of tho peoplo in tho time of Christ lends color to this claim. Tho largest colony of theso Hebrews is at Kcrkuk, a city on the Upper Tigris, whore arc the tombs of Shadrach, Mcshach, and Ab ednego. In Mosnul, still higher up on tho Tigris sour ces, there aro 5000 Jews of tho same lineage. Mosul, on tho site of ancient Nineveh, the great Assyrian city, is known to most of us unwittingly when wo speak of the fabric 'mus lin,' made originally thero. Our familiar worda, 'crimson' and 'carmine' owe their or igin to the 'Kirmiz,' an insect of Armenia, from which the inhabitants of that part made a beautiful red dye. In the mountains towards Lake Van, and thnncn to Persia's highlands. fchprn nrn fhn tribes of Kurds and Chaldeans. If we look back into tho pages of history, we find the story of Empires rising and falling as the causes work that inevitably make for powor and decay. Egypt, with its 10,000 populous cities from Alexandria to tho heart of Africa, and its sov ereignty over tho Mediterranean — what is it to-day?1. It rose by tho industry of its people, by tho learning of its priests, by its scienco and its arts, by its trade, and by its great rulers. It decayed because of its wealth and luxury, and because its own people would not fight for their own country, but paid mercenaries to do it for them. * It has gone, never to rise again, but it has laid the world under a vast debt for all that it did to bettor mankind, even at a ter rible price. Take mighty Persia, with its colossal armies, under kings like Cyrus. It remains a remnant of derelict rulers and ruled — still in its Dark Ages. Yet to Persia, too, the world owes much. Its decline camo from its luxury and wealth, leaving its empiro a prey to more needy but braver races. Assyria, Medea, all gono back into tho verge of barbarism, with a track of ruined and bur ied cities as the landmarks of great wars and butchery. Yet climate had much to do with tho fall of these lands, as the rainfall has ceased, the heat increased, and rivers, and canals failed to flow. Greece ncvor was great, although Alexander made a brilliant episode in history, when he conquered the world. Winwood Rcadc, in his great work, 'The Martyrdom of Man,' written nenrly fifty years ago, summed up the Grecian character in there words: — 'It was their inveterate dishonesty, their want of faith, their disregard of tho sanctity of oaths, their hankering .after money, which had much to do with their disunion, even in tho face of danger.' At their best they were a race of talkers and writers, exploiters of others; and their conquests were really the work of greater sub ject racos, not endowed with their brains or their cunning, but braver as men. Phoenicia rose as a trading raco from Can aan, near Mount Lebanon. With their sea towns, Tyre and Sidon, they became great trad ers and shipowners. Their colony at Carthage outrivallod Phoenicia. Their empiro oxtonded to the heart of Africa, to Spain, and over Sic ily. 'Carthage must be destroyed,' said Cato, and the story of tho destruction of that splen did city after more than three years', siege is one of the most terrible in tho annals ' of his tory. Not a soul was spared. For 17 days after tho people woro destroyed tho city burn ed, and then the plough was run over tho ash es, and in legal form its existence ended for evor. If tho Carthaginians had paid less attention to tho accumulation of wealth and luxury, but had cultivated more the virtues of patriotism and of self-defence, it would not have fallon. Rome was never a nation of Romans as a race. It sprang, as Amorica, has, from a polyglot of races; chiefly from slaves and exiles. Yot Rome has influenced 'tho history of tho Western world moro perhaps than its predeces sors, and chiefly bccause it rose out of the ashes of decayed and destroyed empires. When Romo declined from the same recur ring and eternal cause of lack of civic pride and virtue, Europe relapsed into the Dark Ages. Then camo tho Huns1, tho Vandals, the Goths, and the Moors; and tho best of those wore the Moors. Mahomet had arisen, and it is questionable whether Mahomet has not dono more for the civilisation of tho world than any singlo man save tho founder of tho Christian faith. Tho Turks to-day ropresent only tho Saracen in his last phnso of decay. Unspeakablo as the Turk of modern times is, ho is only a re peat of tho ruling casto of ovory past empire, when tho bruto instinct or reversion to animal, typo has got its mastory over tho higher man in ovolution. - THE LESSONS. What, then, aro the lessons of tho Agcsf That war is an inevitable thing; and that na tions, to live, must bo always prepared to do fend themselves. 'Eternal vigilance is tho price of Liberty,' or, in other words: — 'HI fares hto land to hastening ills a prey, Whero wonlth accumulates and mon decay.' This war, in which tho whole world is en gaged, is a horriblo nightmare, but tho world, liko tho tired man, or tho sick man, has its nightmares from timo to timo, and thoy will como again and again as sure as the earth is inhabited. If nations will delude themselves and trust the others, instead of rolying on thomsolves, thoy will cxperienco tho samo fato as hun dreds of othors havo dono boforo. And if tho Classes of ono nation forgot tho tribal and animal instinct of Bolf-prosorvation against 'external danger, not all tho nostrums in the world of Socialism, Laborism, or Liber alism will Bave thorn if they forgot that tho safety of the nation is tho first law of ovory country. To-day it is a spectaclo for tho gods to seo Russia going headlong to its downfall, dancing to tho fiddling of workmen's unions, socialistic mnko-beliovors, and general anarchical societies, whilst a mad giant is battering at its door, waiting to repeat tho same opisodes in his tory that were onactod at Carthage, at Jerusal em, at Ninoveh, at Babylon, and at the heart of other past empires that sacrificed them selves to March madnc&u; and moonstruck lead ers. Thank God for Britain, and Amorica, and the Latin people of Italy, Franco, and Rou mania. Thoy aro of our tribes, and I trust men of our tribos more than our cnomics or faith less Allies. I well romomber Sir Henry Parkos ofttimes quoting a poom by a friend, with noblo linos addressed to England, and thoy aro a fitting conclusion to thiB nrticlo: — 'Shake off the mocking allies at thy gate, Gather up thy wandering brood.' Tho salvation of tho world to-day lies in tho keoping of tho Celtic racos and of their Latin Allies, whot hrough tho ages have kept unceas ing vigil to win and to preserve their liborty. 