[NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES 1 Admiral von Grapoff, the author of the modest proposals for t'he domination by Germany of the whole of the world's water-, ways, was a frequent visitor to ICastibourne and London under the unassuming title of ' Admiral Crapow. A resident of Kast bourne (Mr. Bullen Spicer), who met him several times, writes as follows: — 'He came to England Xor the ostensible purpose of studying Knglieh, but was no doubt ac quiring information for naval purposes about this section of the south coast. Dur ing the course of a conversation lie in formed me that the Germans would, . if military or naval necessity demanded, seize the Danish islands and fortify them to pre vent tiie entrance of the British fleet into the (Baltic. Admiral 'Crapow* visited the lerritorial camp here, and also the aero-, drome. His son, as well as the admiral (himself, took lessons in English from me. Other pupils I have received iher:e included Major von Domraes. He wus sent by Major von Osterta^ military attache at the German Embassy, who has since proved to be the head of tho German 'spy sys tem^ in England. Von Dommes was «n official at the War Office in Berlin. Anofchar interesting, pupil was a German officer call ing 'himself Hasenjaeger/ whose real name was von Wcnser, who afterwards admit ted he was a member of tho German Secit ^en-ice. He made several attempts to get a commission in the British- regular army. 6 1 The rducl j? obligatory in tlie Italian armj oi officers and non-commissioned officers. But now, in the midst of war, an Italian officer w!ho considers liimself in sulted is dispensed, by a decree just an avT feekins his on the spot. All duels are to be put off to tho end of the war, and then the dispute may be referred, without loss of honor, to tho general commanding. This seems to parody, in small the Taft proposition of a year's tween t-e dedaration of hostilities be tween nations. «oTseev!!re0rthatm-e,in Ca'ada haB b-*omo ;=^dSa^aS^ the United ^efagriCUltUr,U Inborcr3 from rvL!r , States t0 Bo to that part of ii,. ; a' . ,a *urfcher encouragement to immigration of farm laborers tho Go that^ the1- hilf3 PaSSOd a 'Station providing labore Tt, J'ear °f e ns a fam -hoU a resMl aa Wm to that n ^ homestead. The result ia i tl,„ fi ^'r nb,e t0 work for high wages stead Jul yCflr'.\V,''e holdinB 3 holDC i.eT4ar to fin,9h1Lhe ^^'ation duties i ec.toarj to secure the homestead in two tTf^ v d °f t]ll'«V'-ith sufficient capi ht/n f 'VT'10'5 emP'oj™ent, to give oTlUr A'L ,Labor ^encies through out Eastern Canada are all advertising for -killed or unskilled men at high rates of | pay, while several railways are also trying to secure labor from the United Stated Bagdad has known many masters. The Saracen dynasty under which it attained nr/n? S °ry m the ninth century was re Sned' n'rk. ^ in l258' ^ho wl en t-r?SS10n °£ tl,e cit-' WOO, it w« ,,1^ L'g captm'e4 ^ Tamerlane, it i ns ruled by various rival JWo masters until Shah Imail I., of Persia possession in i502. After ^ recapture timo and again by Turks and Persians, it passed under the, authority of o her TT m 16f' 'but Temaincd f»'»n session ^ 1 a di*P'^-le pos fat^ of^iT' k 80 -1'° i,aVC heard' of the.-1 fate of the Czar .witih considerable sadness and nervousness. TJio lCaisor is known to be. very supeiBtitious, and he lias been' deeply impressed by the rapid development ?/T ?l'fs,1,an the Socialist review , Licht writes:— 'He knows that tlie ^-mV opposition -to the people's wishes 'ill roe the same as that paid ,by Czar Nicholas. Socialist papers are allowed by tne censorship to hint with almost insist ing clearness that the Hohcnzollerns should be quick to derive profit from tlie lesson given to the Romanoffs. 'If the question were asked, .*Uj-on whose snou.-dcrs rests the greatest weight of re sponsibijity at this moment ?'' various an« ewers might, no doubt, be given,' writes Gerard I' ienr.es. 'But a a nan' of the blue water school must unhesitatingly divide tlie ihonor bebween Sir John Jellicoe'at the Admiralty and SiV David' Beattv, com manding the Grand Fleet tff Britain. And, of the two, it may fairly , be said that Sir David Beatty's responsibility is the more direct and personal. But spiritual loneliness the commander in chief must inevitably suffer. He cannot share his burden. He cannot discuss his plans or his orders on equal terms with anyone. He is on a throne unapproach able by any other, even of rank nearly equal to his. In Sir David iBeatty's case he is set over those who were his seniors in his profession. They aro now subject to his will. Like Nelson, he 'has the happiness to command a band of brothers,' for one and all are moved by 'but one desire— to bring their country safely through the most tre mendous peril in her history. But tihe bar rier of command and responsibility inter poses itself between him and those who were his contemporaries and co-eqnals. It is tiiere, and not the most genial nature or most loyal and affectionate spirit can al together get past it. In that sense, far more than in the hedge which discipline sets round him, the commander in chief of t'he Grand Fleet mvust suffer the loneliness which surrounds a throne.' ? An ingenious California farmer tells the story of how he pumped his farm dry after it had been flooded by a cloudburst. He jacked up a rear wheel of his automobile, rigged a connection between it and the pump handle, started his motor, and in tihrcc days had 'his farm dry. The car, he says, did work which would have Kept a coupie of men 'busy for about two weedra. Lady Maeikworth, of England, is a director in twenty-nine limited lialbiiity companies. She 'began her business career by acquiring a practical knowledge of book keeping in the offices o: her father. Lord R-'nondda, in Cardiff. The great copper find of tho day is in, Cuba, in the Province of Pinar del Rio. Fourteen 'hundred men are here emjployed, with all the appurtenances of a modern mining camp. Atbout 142,000 tons of copper has so far been produced. At present prices the mines have, it is said, proved ex tremely profitable. Dr. Erwin Baumann, a ICoenigsberg (Prussia) surgeon, is using large quantities of aniline dyeing materials for curative pur poses, and has successfully treated over 400 patients with this novel medicament. As a germ killer and arrester of noxious growths these materials are found to be far superior to any antiseptic substances so far known; they arc quickly distributed, do not coagulate albumen, and, in tmo quanti ties lised, are absolutely non-poisonous. They can thus be used iu a very compact form, and their prompt destruction of all ibacteria rapidly .stops suppuration, heals wounded tissues and causes a lowering of temperature. Murphy was taking a day off, and .wish ing to enjoy himself thoroughly he walked round to .watch 'the boys.' He was sur prised to see his friend Kelly .working as if carrying a hodSul of mortar up and down a :adder were the .only thing he took any real pleasure in. 'It's yourself that's work ing mighty hard to-day, Kelly,' expostu lated (Murphy. 'Whist ! I'm (making a fool of the 'boss Mid Kelly, winking s]yl.v. 'And how aro you doing that, Ivelly ?' 'Sure, Murphy, it's as easy as kissing your hand ! He sees me going up ^10 ladder (with my hod full of mortar, and he thinks I'm working. But, Murphy, it's the same hodful I'm carting up and dawn all the time !' What is sajd to 'be the largest electric motor yet built has recently been com peted by a leading American electrical manufacturer, for use in driving a two-high 35-ineh reversing blooming mill, which rc venses for every paas: that is, every time metal goes through the rolls. Reversals can be made from full speed to full speed m afDout tnvo seconds, and in regular work nineteen or twenty passes are made in two minutes. The (motor has a rating of 15,000 and complete it weighs (more than 250 tons. It is 20 feet high, and the shaft is over 2 feet in diameter. Has it ever, occurred to you— but of course it has—that the men who cause a .war aro always vain old fellows .witji baid heads and soft, fat stomachs, who don't have to fight 1' The speaker was Theo dore Dreiser, the novelist. He went on: 'The elderly, soft, fat Kaisers and Junkers wllio talk war bo ferociously in well-warmed halls while the young soldiers, (without any tallc whatever, die in the slush of the trenches — these vain and evil old rascals remind us of the mushroom gatherer. ' Great hea-vens, man,' a doctor said to a mushroom gatherer, 'it's a lucky thing you happened to meet me ! Those things in your (basket there are toadstools, deadly, poisonous toadstools. Why, a ihandful of them would ikiU your whole 'family .' The mushroom gatherer laughed heartily. 'Have no fear, doctor,' Ihe said. 'Have aio fear. These ain't lor us. They're 'for the mar ket.' ' He: Will you go to the danco with me ? She: I'm sorry, I can't. But I'll intro duce you to a very handsome and. clever girl whom you can take. He: I don't want a handsome and clever girl; I want you. The Czar is started to -have exclaimed 'Thank God ! ' when he heard of the wish of the people that 'he should abdicate. The exclamation agrees with an earlier phrase attributed to the Czar. He is reported to have said to M. Protopopoff a month ogo: — 'I Ihave long been sick aDd .tired of everything.' \- The employment of school children in the fields in France is giving satisfactory results. Seven .hundred pupils of the col leges of Paris Eiave undertaken tho culti vation of . 600,000 (metres of land, while 300 boy scouts will cultivate 40,000 metres of gardens. ; The pupils of suburban col leges in: the south, of Paris will cultivate 100,000 (metres. The primary and upper schools will follow .the lead of the colleges, and it is hoped that 1,000,000 metres will soon be under cultivation. One of the earliest references to the en franchisement of women is to be found in Henry Fielding's newspaper, the 'Cham- pion,' in 1740. , In an imaginary report of a suffrage meeting, the writer, who may have 'been 'Fielding himself, sets out the arguments of an eloquent Lady Belinda, who, after bewailing tho fact that 'a cob bler is represented in the Legislature, but a duchess is not,' moves a resolutabn in favor of a Parliament of women to make the laws affecting the sex and to guard its rights and privileges against 'the He-Part of Creiition.' ; Her meeting adjourned without carrying the resolution, because 'all the ladies spake together.' General von Huene, the German Govcr nor of Antwerp, has 'been deprived of his pension. ? Three months ago he was forced to leave Antwerp on account of his pledge to the DutiSh. authorities about the non deportation of, Belgians, which forced Ger mans' to send: back. a- number of deportees. The General- asked for a command at tho front/which was refused. _ Reporting debates in the Chinese Senate is not an -easy task. One of the earliest acts of the Republican Oovemment was to found an institution for the training of Parliamentary reporters. A special system of 'shorthand was evolved to overcome the perversities of Chinese script, and alto gether £4000 was spent on the establish ment, At the opening of the new Parlia ment twenty reporters were present, all presumed to be -capable of taking down speeches verbatim. 1'our of these repre sented newspapers, and the others were charged with the. task of supplying an offi cial report. Their notes when tran scribed were unintelligible. After a week's trial both the Government and the Press decided to give up any hope of obtaining a verbatim report of tho debates, and to content themselves with a summary. Fluency in (French, which iMr. ,T. E. C. Bodley wants us all to acquire, so as to strengthen the Entente Cordiale, was re garded 'by 'Bismarck as a sign of duplicity when found among natives of G-rcat Bri tain. The Iron 'Chancellor told 'Moritz Busch that Lord 'Arapthill was the only Englishman he ever knew who was a fluent (French conversationalist, and yet could bo trusted. 'Still,'-' Jie added, 'it should be borne in mind that Lord AmpthiU can also express himself very well in German.' The Playgoer: Does your husband go out to smoke betiween- tho acts ? 1 No, he comes in to watch the play be tween drinks. Tho ban on foreign, as distinct from Indian and Ceylon, tea w-ill scarcely affect any country except China. Most of tho Java crop goes to Holland, and, though of late years Formosa tea has attained some reputation in England, its consumption is very limited. Our Ally Japan grows a great quantity of leaf, but nearly the whole of its export is sent to America, where they have acquired a taste for a beverage even lighter than China tea. At tJie present time it is worth noting that in the Far East tea is never mixed with milk or sugar. By the connoisseur £hat ?would bo regarded as mere barbarism. America possesses a society of seaweed enthusiasts, who hold periodical dinneis at which nothing 'Dut seaweed is served. One of its members recently published an article in the 'Technical World Magazine,' in which he stated that on the sea beaches of the United States sufficient proteids to take the place of the entire product of the north-western wheat fields are cast up by the waves and allowed, to decay. 'The un gathered harvest of the sea' will not, he thinks, long escape the notice of enterpris ing -business men. Some day we shall seo 'Shredded Seaweeds,' 'Desiccated Dulse,' 'Malto Kelp,' 'Cre,im of Sea ftloss' and a score of other marine preparations allur ingly advertised. But what will the fishes think when the economic pressure of the world above helps to rob them of their food ? . Although' color blindness is hereditary, according to a British scientist it is trans mitted to children only by mothers, and never by fathers. It was about half a dozen years ago that a party was en route for Ireland during the Christmas holidays. Tho train was late, and made frequent stoppages between the stations. During one of these an official came to examine the tickets. 'Where for, please ?' 'Cork I' 'Cork!' 'Cork!' 'Are you all Cork ?' 'Och, yes !' cried one of the party; 'we're all Cork, an' if yer train was the same may be 'ud be aisier to draw; but bedad, I never saw iuch a '^topper' in myj i. 