THE PICTURE SHOWS GOSSIP OF THE FILMS . California Motion Picture Corpora tion is releasing two big productions in which Beatriz Michelena -is starred. I They are The Passion Flower and Faust. Mary Pickford recently received from Thos. A. Edison an autographed copy of Edison, His Life and Inven tions, a recently published work. * ? * Frank Morgan has been engaged to play' opposite June Caprice in her lat est Fox picture; , ? For sea scenes in Jerry of the Emer ald Isle (Columbia-Metro), in which Mabel Taliaferro is - starred, the Car pathia, which was early on the scene of the Titanic disaster, 'was used. '?«»».- Bryant Washburn is to be featured in Skinner's Dress Suit, a 'Saturday Evening Post' story, for Essanav. The Francis X. Bushman-Beverley B'ayne serial for Metro is The Grea't Secret, in 14 chapters .and a prologue. The author of the story is ' Madame Fred De Gressac, who has Hitherto de voted her talent to writing dramas for the theatrical stage. Some of Klaw and Erlanger's most successful plays are her work. Bushman appears as William Strong and Miss Bayne as Beverley Clarke Charles Fang, a Chin ese, said to be a clever player, is cast as valet to William Strong. The Perils of Our Girl Reporters, a new 15 episode Mutual serial, is an nounced. Zan Keefe, who appeared in' many Vitagraph productions,, and later was with World Film Corporation, has a prominent role opposite Earl Met-, calfe. * * *. Harry Hilliard, , who supported Juno Caprice in'Capriee of the Mountain, has been selected as leading man to.Valeska Suratt in that star's sixth. Fox picture. As. ; yet only two offerings featur ing; Miss Suratt. have been seen here — The Soul of Broadway (Fox) and The Immigrant (Lasky). Tom Mix (Selig) is at work on a three-reel comedy-drama, Sage Brush Tom. .-? Jack Richardson, the 'heavy' of so many American dramas, is back at the Selig outfit, and will be associ ated with Vivian Rich, Bessie Eyeton. Eugenie Besserer, and others in an eight-reel subject directed by Colin Campbell, the producer of The Spoilers, The Rosary, The Ne'er-do-well, and other big features. Richardson started his screen career with Selig about seven years ago, and his return will be like . a home-coming. . * * » ' are -the 'sters''ih-*a ' n 6W* Vit&gra; phr, serial; f The Secret Kingdom. Both these Vita graphers are well known to Melbourne fans. Dorothy Kelly was here recently in Salvation .Toan and The Law Decides, and- Charles Richman in The Battle Cry of .Peace and The Hero of Submarine D2. There are 15 episodes in The Secret Kingdom. ? * * Frank Powell, who recently 'produced ' Charity, featuring Creighton Hale and Linda Griffith (wife of D. W. Griffith), is now releasing through Mutual. His next feature is .to be The Greater Woman, for which Marjorie Rambeau has been specially engaged. This will be Miss Rambeau's screen debut, but she is prominent on the theatrical' stage, and was recently starred in Cheating Cheaters. Nance O'Neill is another Powell, star, and will be presented in Mrs Balfame, and later in a series of screen adaptations of stories by well known authors. * * * Following War Brides, featuring Namizova, Herbert Brenon is producing Lucretia Borgia, with Florence Reed as the dame whose experiments with poi son took so many important people by surprise. The plot is based on Victor Hugo's melodrama, and William E. Shay, until recently with Fox, will head the .supporting cast. , ? .' I* * * * -. The Fox and Metro offerings . at ?Hoyt's; houses are both attractive .subjects. The Unwelcome Mother is certainly a trifle stale in theme, but the handling of the plot, or what passes for a plot, redeems the picture. Val kyrien. the striking ' Danish star (who is really 4 danseuse), convincingly pre sents the' stepmother, who is striving to break down th-i barrier of dislike that her husband's children have set before her, and .the children play up to her well. One grows interested in this old tale of domestic jars, simply because it is told in . a way that ap peals. The River of Romance (Harold Ijockwood and May Allison) is a dainty comedy, illustrated by glimpses of that charming locality known as the Thou sand Islands. This pair of screen lovers register well in just this sort of story. 'It is all so delightfully inconsequential and eminently suited to a summer pro gramme. ? ? 