CO-OPERATION Producers' Conference A conference of delegates of the forty farmers' co-operative companies form ed, or in the process of formation, was opened at St. George's Hall, Perth, on Wednesdav. The main uuxDOSe of the conference is to consummate, the federation of these co-operative com-" panies, and to devise plans for their effective working. The intention is to develop and link up the country co-oper ative companies in much the same way as in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The conference was opened by his Ex cellency the Governor (Sir William Elli son Macartney). The proceedings were presided over by Mr. M. T. Padbury, chairman of directors of the Westralian Farmers, Ltd., and among the hundred or so delegates and others present at the opening were Mr. Connolly, M.L.A. (Agent-General-elect), and the follow ing directors . of the Westralian Far mers, Ltd., Messrs. C. W. Harper, Basil L. Murray, J. H. Prowse, J. J. Mather, and H. W. A. Turner. The chairman, in explaining the co operative movement, said although agri culture had been practised in the State for some generations, it was only since the discovery of gold, the construction of the ' Kalgoorlie, Geraldton, and Al bany railways, and the Goldfields water scheme, that any considerable progress had been made. Some ten or fifteen years ago it became necessaiy to divert some of the population that was attract ed by the gold, and a vigorous policy of land settlement was inaugurated. The Government of the day sent its agents to Britain and the other States to preach its "landless man to manless land 2-' proposition. The efforts of the Government were entirely successful. They relieved the local depression and put the people ou the land. Everything the Government of the time could think of was done to" help production, but no thing was done to help the settler in bis baying and selling, in the procura tion of his requirements, or the distri bution of his produce, and the unfor tunate condition that the industry was in to-day, as evidenced by the Indus tries Assistance Board and other insti tutions, was largely the result. For that, however, they did not propose to blame the Government. The farmers of the State had discovered their economic position. They had found a remedy for most of their troubles in co-operation, and they had assembled to devise means by which they would get a share of what they produced that they might go on producing, and make farming a healthy, honoured, prosperous and attractive occupation. The ever lasting round of hard work, rough liv ing, and poor returns .had -pauperised many and wearied all. (Hear, hear.) The conference evidenced the determin ation of the farmer to help himself, to improve his conditions, and to make it possible for his wife and family to have some of the comforts and conveniences of civilised life, and some respite from everlasting toil. (Hear, hear.) The companies had sent delegates to agree upon ways and means to effect their purpose, and effect it they would, be cause they knew they must, as there was no possibility of living under the present system. (Applause.) THE GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS. His Excellency said he was extremely glad tot have the opportunity of meet ing a large body of the primary pro- ducers of the State who had assembled for the purpose of advancing the prin ciple of co-operation — a principle which appeared to him from, the experience he had had in other parts of the world, and from the observations he had been able to form upon its application in Europe — to be the greatest lever which they could use in the present day to im prove their position, not only in regard to the markets which they desired to obtain, but also in the direction of as sisting them to secure in the most eco nomical way those necessary pursuits. Primary producers must regard co-ope ration in a doubly sense. They not only supplied the uses of other people, hut they themselves were of necessity users of what other people produced. There fore, the principle of co-operation ap plied in both directions. It enabled them by combination, which was being adopted in other directions all over the world, to secure the best prices and some command of the best markets, while at the same time combination also enabled them to secure those articles which they required for primary pro duction at the best price and of the best quality. It would, of course, be a platitude — but it was a necessary plati tude — to, impress upon all primary pro ducers that in that pursuit, as in every other, pursuit in the world, it was abso lutely necessary, in order to Procure the Best Results, to employ the very best means and to use the best articles; and to be certain that the articles they required were the best. Individual judgment could i not always be certain about that, and it was only possible to secure the best article .by utilising the common experi ence of a great number of people. In view of the isolated position in a vast area like the State of many primary producers, they must see the enormous benefits which co-operation could bring to the individual producer by enabling him to utilise the benefits and experi ence of other primary producers all over the world. To see what co- operation could do, they had only to look at the past history of the British race, and notice how other people in other occupa tions had gradually come to be — per haps unknowing to themselves — co-ope rators. The foundation of British com merce and trade was laid undoubtedly by the energy of individuals. His Ex cellency traced the gradual evolution of the co-operative spirit in England from the sixteenth century, the forma tion of the India Company, and the spreading of the principle among French and Dutch traders with the East. He referred to the great work accomplished by Jacob Holyoake, the "Father of Co-operation, " the cen tury of whose birth was celebrated only a few weeks ago in England, who preached for many years to unheeding eare. The British farmer was perfectly certain that his individual capacity was able to cope with anything that agri culture might demand of him; in fact, that feeling was not confined to the British farmer. There was a French saying, "My Neighbour is My Enemy," that characterised that opinion. It was the feeling of the small French pro prietor, and it was a feeling which had lasted until quite recent years. Co- operators had to deal with that feel ing in every quarter of the world, and there was no quarter where that feeling was more developed than in his (the Governor's) own native country. The Irishman liked a bargain, and the Irish farmer , was certain in his own mind that he was as good a bargainer as any one else, and even if he spent a whole day in bargaining over 20s. he was sure he would get the better of his opponent by threepence. (Laughter.) Some years ago he had an opportunity of be coming acquainted with the inside ope rations of some of the great markets in England, and especially the means which had been developed in foreign countries of supplying the Londbn mar ket. At that time, about 1880, the London butter market was principally in the hands of the Normandy and Brittany primary producers. They had come to the help of the small primary producer, and by their operations had procured for the butter from Normandy and Brittany a reputation in the Lon don market which made it difficult for others to enter that market. Their aim had been to produce one standard quality of butter, and the king of the butter market told his (the Governor 's ) brother: "I know if I buy 40 tons of butter from Normandy that every ounce will be of uniform quality." The great butter market in Ireland was at Cork, and they had No Fewer than 17 Grades, and no one was sure from day to day whether those grades would be the same the following week. (Laughter.) That was the position about 1880. His Excellency referred to. the great development of co-operation in Den mark — a country without any natural advantages from the point of view of climate or soil — which led to the dis placement by the Danish prodnct of the butter of Normandy and Brittany from the position it had occupied in the Lon don market. Some active and intelli gent men in Ireland examined the sys tem adopted in Denmark, not only by the establishment of co-operative so cieties, but also by the establishment of agricultural banks, which were prac tically run by the primary producers themselves, with State, assistance, and they came to the conclusion that the only possible way to improve the posi tion of agriculture in Ireland Was to Introduce Co-operation. The head of that great movement was Horace Plunkett. Ireland was largely interested in the dairying industry. Iu i the district he (the Governor) was brought up in — the south of Tyrone — he was sure that there was not a single farmer now, no matter what this former opinion of co- operation had been, who would not admit that its introduction had been of the greatest service to the whole district. The Irish Agricultural Co-operative Society was established, and it dealt with every side of the pri mary producers' work. The result had been that a great revolution had taken place in the whole agricultural and dairying industries of Ireland. If look ed at from an unprejudiced point of view, it would be seen that co-operation was One of the Natural Developments of the present condition of the world's commerce. Primary producers could not afford to neglect the means which were employed by other organisations. (Hear, hear.) The day for the single business man was rapidly passing away. The co-operation of farmers in the dis tricts, to which he had deferred, had re sulted in advantage to the small shop keepers as well, because the farmers had more money to spend. .The benefit to the whole population had been enor mous, and the fears which were enter tained at the introduction of co-opera tive societies had not been realised to the extent that the small traders imag: ined. But they had to consider first of all the primary producer, and not so much those who benefited either by his indifference, or his incapacity to see the necessary path for him to follow if he was. to keep his head abovq water, and he (the Governor) had no hesitation in saying that those assembled at that con ference for the purpose of promoting co-operation were on Absolutely the Right Path. In Western Australia there seemed to be above all the necessity for co-opera- " tion, and its advantages seemed to pre sent an enormous field for mutual im provement and benefit. He trusted that they might be looked upoh as the apostles of co- operation in Western Aus tralia, and that they might be enabled by their determination, combination, and unity of purpose to add year by year to their organisation every single primary producer in the State. (Ap plause.) He had great pleasure in de claring the conference open. (Ap plause.) Mr. Connolly, M.L.A., in proposing a vote of thanks to his Excellency, said he was able, from, his own experience and observation in Ireland, to endorse his remarks regarding the .talue of co operation to the agriculturists of that country. He was glad the movement was being inaugurated in Western Aus tralia, because the one great mission he would have to fulfil as Agent-General would be to get people to settle the vast agricultural lauds. He did not know any better argument or advertisement to put before the people. He was going to England via Canada, and the Gov ernment had commissioned him to stay a few weeks there to make inquiries into the land question, and more par ticularly into immigration methods. Some years ago when he was the Minis ter controlling immigration, he received numerous inquiries from the north-west of the United States regarding the ac quisition of land. Those men were then going by tens of thousands into Canada. Western Australia was now in a better position than was Canada to offer agri cultural lands if such men elected to go to Australia instead of Canada. He did not know if the men were still avail able, but it would appeal to the Ameri- can business instinct if he pointed out that the system of co-operation existed in the State. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. Stewart, M.L.G., in seconding, said the primary producers could not afford to neglect any of the means available in order to hold their own and get the return that their efforts justly entitled them to. «It gave him great pleasure on behalf of the rural pro ducers throughout the State to extend to his Excellency a cordial invitation to visit the various centres and make the acquaintance of other sections of the community, and see them in the sphere of their own activities. (Hear, hear.) " The vote was heartily accorded. Professor Shann briefly addressed the conference on the necessity for co-opera tion. He pointed <Jut that the life of the movement depended on the forma tion and active interest of local co operative societies, and urged them to practice punctuality and despatch in the conduct of 'all their business, but warned them against the disastrous consequences that would result to the movement if they quarelled among themselves. 