AIMERICA'S LATEST COLONY. THE DANISH WEST INDIES. On March 31 last the United States Go vernment took formal possession of the group formally known as the Danish West Indies-the islands "of St. Thomas, St. Croix, and St John. During the last half century important political and terri torial changes have taken place in the Western Hemisphere. It was in 1867, just 50 years ago, that Maximilian, a member of the unfortunate House of Hapsburg, was shot in Mexico, and France renounc ed her dreams of founding a new trans atlantic Empire. This was not the only European intervention during the sixties of the last century, when more than one of the Powers, taking advantage of the civil war which was then raging in the United States, attempted to gain a foot ing on the Western continent. Spain, be sides joining the Mexican expedition, tried to reconquer Chili and the Domini can Republic. She did indeed occupy the latter country for several years, only to be again ejected. In 1877 Sweden sold to France for £16,000 the small West Indian Island of St. Bartholomew, her sole remaining colony. In 1898 Spain ceded Cuga and Porto Rico as the result of her war with the United States, and now the latter country has annexed the Danish West Indies. Thus, during the last 40 years, three European Powers have lost all their American colonies. IMPORTANCE OF THE ISLANDS. The acquisition of the Danish West In dies by thd United States is of more im portance than may appear at first sight. It is true, the group is:a small one, with a population of ,only some 30,000, but It has an enormous political, strategical and commercial importance. St. Thomas was once the commnercial capital of the West Indies; it had prosperous days when its capacious harbour was filled with vessels waiting to be chartered for the sugar crop. Its harbour is one of the finest in the world ; Its position both central and commanding ; in fact, no better point could be found to control both the Carib bean Sea and the Panama Canal ; the area it controls is really much wider than this. Its acquisition will tend to frus trate German attempts to monopoliso foreign trade in the West Indies, Mexico, and Central America, for St. Thomas stands at the gateway of this great com mercial area. More than this, the groat German Ham burg- American Steamship Company, which before the war did a largo trade with the countries named, had its headquarters for this part of the world in St. Thomas. This company, which studiously avoided the British colonies, maintained a fre quent service with the Spanish-American Republics surrounding the Caribbean Sea, and also with the West Indian Islands. locally controlled from their central office in St. Thomas. This control will now be lost, and there is not a single harbour'of any account left in the West Indies whlac is not now owned or controlled by Powers hostile to Germany, for Cuba, Hayti, and the Dominican Republics are now virtually American protectorates. AMERICA'S USE FOR THE ISLANDS. The United States Government, It is said, will at once proceed to spend many millions of dollars in fortifying St. Thomas. The harbour, which is land locked and surrounded on all sides by lofty hills, is peculiarly well suited for this purpose, and could easily be. made the Gibraltar of- the West Indies. The island is within sight of the mountains of Porto Rico, since 1898 an American possession. It controls the main trade routes xia Panama, and is an outpost of the canal itself. It lies in the very centre of the West Indian chain, and has the nearest harbour, both to the principal European and North American ports. As a dis tributing centre its position could scarcely be improved if it had been artificially created for the purpose. In its palmy days, this town of 12,000 inhabitants the town and island of St. Thomas are practically identical-had perhaps a larger trade than any other town of the same size in the world. The island of St. Thomas Is now much decayed; yet it was once cultivated like a garden, as attested by the ruins of numerous stone windmills, each of which marks the site of a former sugar planta tion. The prevalent trade winds were used by .the planters as the motive-power to crush the canes-and this power is still used in the prosperous British island of Barbados in preference to steam machin cry. The West Indies certainly cannot be called .a suitable field of immigration for the white working man, but occupying as they do a position in the direct track of vessels bound from New Zealand to Eng land, via Panama. the West Indies cannot fail to become a valuable market for Now Zealand produce, thb more so as they re quire exactly the kind we have to offer, especially dairy produce. In that tropical climate, butter cannot be produced to ad vantage, consequently all is Imported and excessively dear.-J. D. Leckle in the New Zealand "I-Ierald." 