AGRICULTURAL GO OPERATION. A PRODUCERS' CONFERENCE. OPENED BY THE GOVERNOR. A. coaference of delégales of the forty farmers' co-operative companies formed, or iii the process of formation, was opened at St George's Hal!, Perth, on Wednesday. The main purpose of the conference is to con- summate the federation of these .co-opera- tive companies, and to devise plans for their effective working. The intention is to deve- lop, and link up the country oo- operativo companies in much the same way as in tho United Kingdom and Ireland. The confer- ence was opened by his Excellency the Governor (Sir William Ellison Macartney). Tho proceedings were presided over by Mr.. M- T. Padbury, chairman of directors of the Westralian Farmers, Lld., and among the hundred or so delegates.and others pre-' sent at the opening were Mr. Connolly, M.L.A. (Agent-General-elect), and the fol- lowing directors of the Westralian Farmers, Ltd., Messrs. C. W. Harper, Basil L. Mur- ray,-J. H. Prowse, J. J. Mather, and H. W. A. Tanner. The chairman, in explaining the co-ope- rative movement, said although agriculture had fcteea practised in the State for some generations, it was only sinc" the discovery ot gold, the construction of the Kalgoorlie, Geraldton, and Albany railways, and the goldfields water scheme, that any consider- able progress had been made. Some ten or fifteen years ago it became necessary to di- vert some of the population that was at- tracted by the gold, and a vigorouspolicy of land settlement was inaugurated. The Gov- ernment of tho day sont its agents'to Bri- tain and the other States to preach its "landless man to manless land" proposition. The efforts of the Government were en- tirely successful. They relieved the local de- pression and put the people on lbc land. Everything the Government of the lime could think of was done to help produc- tion, but nothing was done to help the set- tler in his .buying and selling-, in the pro- curation of his requirements, or the distri- bution of hts produce, and the unfortunate condition . tho industry .was in to-day, as evidenced by tho - Industries Assistance .Hoard and Anther . instil utions, was largely tho result. For that, however, they did not propose to blame th0 Government. The farmers "of the State had discovered their economic position. They had found a remedy for most of their troubles in co- operation, and, they had assembled to devise means' by. which they would get a share of what they produced, that they might go on producing, and make farming a heal- thy, honoured, properous, and attractive occupation. Tho everlasting round of hard work, rough living, and poor returns had pauperised many anti wearie! till. 'Hear, hear.) The conferciicA evidenced che deter- mination, of thc farmer to help himself, to improve his conditions, and to make it pos- sible for his wife .«ind family to have soroo of tho comforts ind c.-n ve ut» ices of civilis- ed life, and som" respite irum everlasting toil, (flear, hear.) Tho con.pan'es tad sent delegates lo. u&tee; upon wa.vs .ind means io effect their purpose, and efler.t it ti.ey would, because they knew they must, as thora was no posj'foiin,vr of.îiviuy uniter 'Le present system. (Applause.) TIIE .GOVEKNOBS A.U'»UERS. His- Excellency said ha was est re.mely glad to have the opportun'ty of niMtiiig a lar¿e body of the primary «jroduce-js of the fjta.'o who had assembled >or .he purpose of ad- vancing the principle of co-operation-a principle which appeared 'to .him from the experience he had had in other parts of the world, «nd from the observations he bad been able to form Upon its application in Europe-lo be the greatest lever which they could use in the present day to improve their position, not only in regard lo the markets which they desired to obtain, but j also in the direction of assisting ; them to soouv" in the most _ eco- I nomicai way those necessary adjuncts j lo agricultural and pastoral pursuits, j Primary producers must regard co-opera- < lion in'a double sense. They not only sup-j plied the uses of other people,. but they j themselves were of necessity users of what other people produced. Therefore, the prin- ciple of co-operation applied in both direc- tions. . It enabled them by combination, which was being adopted in other directions all over the world, to secure tho best prices and some command of the best markets, while at the Same time combination also enabled them to secure those articles which ? I they required for primary production at the I best ' price and br tba best quality. It would, of course, be a platitude-but it was a necessary, platitude-to impress upon all primary producers thai in that pursuit, as in every other pursuit in the world, it waa absolutely necessary, in order lo Procure the Best Results, to employ the very best means and to use tlic bfeçt articles ; and to be certain that the articles Hbey ' required were the best. In- dividual judgment could not always be certain about that, and it was only possible to secure the best article by utilising the common Experience ' of a great number of people. In view of the isolated position in a vast area like the State of many pri- mary producers,- : they must see the enor- mous benefits which co-operation could bring to the individual producer by en- abling him to utilise the benefits and ex- perience of other primary producers all over the world. ' To soo what co-operat ion could do, they had only to iook back at the past history of the Briüs1.! race, and notice bow other people in other occupations, had gra- dually come to bs-perhaps unknowing to themselves-co- operalors, - The foundation [ of British commercé and trade was laid j undoubtedly by the energy of individuals. His Excellency traced thc gradual evolution of the co-operative spirit in England from thc sixteenth century, the formation of the Iiast India Company, and the spreading of «he principle among French and Dutch traders with the East. He referred to the great work accomplished by Jacob Holy- oake, the "Father of Co-operation," the century of whose birth was celebrated only a few weeks ago in England, who preached for many years to unheeding oars. Tile British farmer was perfectly certain that his individual capacity was able to cope with anythiug that agriculture might de- mand of him; in fact, that feeling was not confined lo thc British fanner. There was a French saying, "My Neighbour is My Enemy," that characterised that opinion. It was the feeling of the small French proprietor, and it was a feeling which had lasted until quite ; recent years. Co-operators had lo deal with thal feeling in every quarter of tho world, and there wes no quarter where thai feeling waa more developed than in his (tho Governor's) Own native country. The Irishman liked a bargain, and the Irish farmer was'certain' in hi» own mind that lie was as good a bargainer as anyone el3e. and even if he spent a whole day in bargaining over 20s. he was sure be would get the better of his opponent by three- pence. (Daughter.) Some years ago he had an opportunity of becoming acquainted with the inside operations bf some of *,he great markets in England, and especially the means which had. been developed in foreign countries of supplying the Lon- don market. . AL that time, about 1880. the London butter market was p'rmcipajly .in the hands of the Normandy and Brit- tany'primary producers. They badi come to the help of the small primary' producer, and by their operations had procured for the butter from Normandy aud Brittany a reputation in the London market which made it difficult, for. others, to enter that market. Their aim had been to produce one standard quality bf butter, ' and . the king of the butter market told his (the Governor's) brother: "I know if I buy Aß ton« of butter-from Normandy that every ounce will be of uniform quality." The great butter market in Ireland was at Cork, and they had No Fewer than 17 Grades, and no one was sure from day to day whether those grades would be ~ the same the following week. (Laughter.) That was the. position about 1880. His Excellency referred to the greet development of co-operation in Den- mark-a country without any- natural ad- vantages from the point of view of climate or soil-which led to the displacement by the Danish product of the butter of Nor- mandy and Brittany from the position H had occupied in the London market. Some activo and intelligent men in Ireland ex- amined the system adopted in Denmark, not onlv by the establishment of cooperative societies, but also by the establishment of agricultural banks, which were practically run by .the primary producers themselves, with. State assistance, and they come to the conclusion that the only possible way to improve the position of agriculture in Ireland Was to Introduce Co-operation. The head of that great. movement was Horace Plunkett. Ireland "was largely in- terested in the dairying industry, In the district he (the Governor) was brought up in-«the south of Tyrone-he was sure that there was not a single farmer now, no matter, what this former opinion of . co- operation had been, who would not admit that its introduction had 'been of the freatesfc service to the whole district. The rieh Agricultural Co-operative Society waa established, and it dealt with every side of the primary producers' work.' The result had been that a great revolution had taken place in the whole agricultural and dairying industries bf Ireland. If looked at from an unprejudiced point of view, it would be ' seen . that co-operation was . . ^ One of the Tiatural Developments of the present condition of the world's commerce. Primary producers could not afford to neglect " the means " which were employed by other organisations. (Hear, I hear.) The day for the single business man was rapidly passing away. The.co-operatioa of farmers in the districts,: to ' which he had referred^ had -resulted in advantage to the small shopkeepers aa well, because the farmers had more money to spend. The benefit to the whole - population had been enormous, and the fears which were enter- tained at the introduction of -co-operative societies had not been ' realised to the ex- tent that the small. traders imagined. But they had to consider, first of all the prim- ary producer, and not so much those who ?benefited either by his indifference, or his incapacity to ßee the necessary .path for him to follow if he was to keep his head above water, and he (the Governor) had no hesitation in saying- that those assembled at that conference for the purpose of pro- moting co-operation were on \- Absolutely the Bight Path. In Western Australia there seemed to be above all the necessity for co- operation, and its advantages seemed to present an enor- mous field for mutuel improvement and benefit. He trusted that they might be looked upon as thc apostles of co-operation in Western Australia, and that they might be enabled by their determination, com- bination, and unity of purpose to add year by year to their organisation every 6ingle primary producer m the State. (Applause.) He had great pleasure in declaring the con- ference open. (Applause.) : Mr,- Connolly, ML.A., in proposing a vote of thanks to his Excellency, said he was able, from his own experience and ob- servation in Ireland, to endorse his re- marks regarding " the value of co-operation to the agriculturalists of that country". He was glad the movement was being inaucii-, rated in Western Australia, because the «ne great mission he would have to fulfil ajs Agent-General would be to get ^people to settle tba »'asl agricultural lanas. L He did not know any better argument or ad- vertisement to put before -the people. He was going .to England via Canada, and the Government had commissioned bim to. stay a few weeks there lo make inquiries, into tho land question, and more particularly into immigration methods. Some years ago when he was the Minister controlling immi- gration, he received numerous inquiries from the north-west of the United States regarding the acquisition, of land. Those men wer« then' going by tens, of thousands Into Canada. Western Australia was now in a. better position than was Canada lo oder agricultural lands if such men elected to go io Australia instead of Canada. He did «ot know if the men were still avail- able, but it would appeal 'to the American business- instinct if ho pointed out that the system of co-operation existed in the State. (Hear, hear.) 'Mr. "H. Stewart, .M.L.C. in secouding, said the primary producers could not afford 10 neglect any of the means available in order to hold their own and.pet the return that their efforts justly entitled them to. 11 gave him great pleasure on behalf of . the rural producer* throughout the State to extend to his Excellency a cordial in- vitation to visit the various centres and make the acquaintance - of--other gectioas of the community, and see- them in the sphere of- their own- activities. (Hear, hear.) The vole was heartily accorded. Professor Shanu briefly addressed the conference on the necessity for co- opera- tion. He pointed out that the lifo of the movement depended on the formation and active interest of local, co-operative societies, and urged them to practice punc- tuality and despatch in the conduct o' all their business, but warned them against the disastrous consequences that would result to the movement if they quarrelled among themselves. THE SCHEME EXPLAINED. Mr. Basil L. Murray said the "objects of the conference were, firstly, to bring about; a sympathetic - and dear working under* - standing between the local co- operative companies and the parent company; and; secondly, a federation of the ' local co- operative companies. In other countries the local co-operative companies vere first formed and they themselves formed a oen trnrl agency or organisation by each local company taking up shares in tho central company. -The-directors were of opinion that the Westralian Farmers, Ltd., should be tu a sense controlled bv the local com- panies, and suggested that a logical and simple way would bo for each company- to lake up, say, £10 worth of shares in the Westralian Farmers, Ltd., and in addition induce every shareholder to take a sharo also. Under this arrangement the local companies would have ode vote in tho management of the central company, and also a vote for each one of its members whose proxy it held. The central com- pany could bo of use and the local com- panies in several ways. The central com- pany would he in tho position of whole- saler and the local companies the re- tailers. They should adopt a uniform sys . teni of finance and bookkeeping, and the parient company could act as instructor j or adviser in that regard. Co- operation between the local companies could be facili- tated by the parren!, company as go-be* tween. The local companies should always give preference to the parent company, as they should control it and share in its profits. He con loaded that the Westralian Farmers, Ltd. bad already built a solid business, and liad proved its usefulness 'a various ways. (Applause.) The following motion was passed: "Thal this meeting of delegates, re,pre Eenti.'ig the farmers' co-operative eoinpanieg formed, and in process of formation *n ' Western Australia, confirms the desirable- ness of thc union of the farmers' co-opera- tive companies and of the principle bf their representation by the Westralian Farmers, Ltd." The remainder of the proceedings took place in camera. Certain res oí ii tí ona vere passed having a important bearing on the development < the Central Company, including a mobo federating the local co- operative companies number of decisions affecting the develoj ment of the local companies were arrive At The question of the inferior quality c Past year's cornsacks was dismissed, and ; resolution was passed to ask the Prim Minister to take, early steps toi have th cornsacks inspected in Calcutta before shi{ ment and to nave a guarantee ae to qualit «od uniformity. DELEGATES ENTERTAINED. ~ At Moana Oafe ip the evening the dele Sates were entertained at dinner by th' hectors of the Westralian Farmers Ltd Mr. M. T. Padbury (president) presided a» the company, which numbered about US included Messrs. Carson and Stewart M'eL.O., and Messrs. Wansbrough, Griffiths Thomson Hickmott, and E. B. Johnston M's.L.A. Mr. J. H. Prowse, in proposing the toas of "The Parliament," said it was a piÇ for that country when a Parliament mil took its calling and misused the time aw the trust that was imposed in it. The; as a co-operative people felt that the Pax liament should he In co-operation with then and not only with them but with, ever; other industry in the State. Small mat ters in a time like the present should b< relegated to the rubbish bin. (Bear., hear. The Parliaments of the Commonwealth hax not given the serious consideration tha the primary industries deserved, but th« dav was dawning when the Parliament would regard that matter as of the firsi Importance. There had been a feeling ii the' minds of the primary producers of th« .State that the Parliaments of the day hac been antagonistic. They had felt that the; had not had a voice in anything. Bul to-day politicians and. others were begin ning 40 recognise the importance of the in dustry, and Vast, hut not least, Parliamenl was beginning to recognise'its importance not to Parliament or to themselves, but ix the State. The farmer was doing snore foi the State than any other individual. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that the new Cabined would treat first things first and co- cperat* jn anything that made for the advance- ment of the State. Mr. Carson, M.L.O., in responding, said he was surprised and disappointed that no{ one of the new Cabinet Ministers was pro cent. ' He hoped that in the interests of the State they would do all they could tc help tue Parliament of the dav in thc great problems that faced them. The finances of " the (State were in a parlous condition, and it would require all the energy-and ability of the Government to put the State on a sound financial basis. He was pleased that they had three members of the Country Party in the new Cabinet. He would like to pay a tribute to the late Leader of the Government. Mr. Wilson -had served the State well and honourably, and he was sorry he had not a place in the present Administration. . Mr. - Mitchell had also done good-service for the State. He. had made mistakes, but there waa no greater friend of the farmer than Mr. Mitchell: (Hear, hear.) They wanted the strongest Executive that it was possible to get, and he thought that notwithstanding the two gentlemen who were out of the Cabinet they had a fairly strong team, and he be- lieved they would do good ^service to the country if the people would stand hy them. Mr- Thomson. M.L.A-, said that the men who had just been elected to the Ministry had taken upon themselves great responsi- bilities. They were going to struggle for t he advancement of Western Australia, and if they were not prepared to do unpopular things at times they had no business to he there. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. L. Sutton (Agricultural Commis- es oner for the Wheat Belt) proposed "The (inoperative Movement," and the chairman, i acknowledging the toast, referred to the g.Cjjat difficulties that had to be faced in . flirting the movement. Mr. Stirling Taylor (manager and or- ganiser) also replied, and said the little lie had done was nothing compared with the work performed by the atan Mr. Basil L. Murray, replying, said in his opinion the best, most hard-working and honourable friend the farmer had in the State was Mr. A. Monger, who was giving \- a birthday »arty. (Applause-) He moved that the gathering Eena their congratula- tions ea a token of their regard and es- teem for him. (Hear, hear.) The proposition was carried. Hr. S. J. McGibbon (auditor) also re- sponded. At the suggestion of Mr. J. P. Stratton (Benjaberring), supported by Mr. V R. Jeffery (Yilhminning-Oondinin), the toast of "The directors, manager, and staff of the Westralian Farmers. Ltd.," was heartily drank, and Mr. Stirling Taylor acknow- ledged the compliment. Mr- G L. Sutton then gave an interesting illustrated address on the subject of hulk handling of wheat. 