I WAR BRIEFS J Following the example of Franco, Germany has undertaken always to ro spect fciwiss neutrality. u«em- issued by the Danish Go vernment prohibits the time ehartorin}.; of Danish, ?:hips to foreigners without G'jvc.-nn.ont authority. The decree is bisod ostensibly on tho necessity for sategnarding Danish imports, in view of the. Danish mercantile war losses. Switzerland has adopted an army steei helmet, with a vizor. rl tie Yvar Office has notified Mr. Andrew Fisher, the Australian High Commissioner, of its desire to take over tho empty floors in Australia House. Sir :>f;u rice Hankey, Sir Marie Sykes and Captr.m Amory have been appoint-I ed .sccietiir.es Lo tho Cabinet. This is an unprecedented -constitutional de parture. The Premier hitherto has be?n empowered in this connection only to t; l:e o.;note of the •..'abinet proceed ings for the purpose of makin,"; a re port to iim King 'I'll'.' new pensions scheme, which will shortly be unfolded will cost ;Cf«0,(>':0,C()0 yearly. Lord Devonivr.t is establishing his owi Press Bureau. He has already ap pointed publicity officers. The American Senate agreed io the cr.iitinnar.cy of a gentlemanly agree ment with .T,'pan regarding immigri ti.)ii. l'.xcli sion is aimed chiefly against Hindoos. Field-Marshal Lord French, speak in<r in I.ondon, said that the British and Imperial troops had shown almost, snpe.vni'.tuial courage, morale, and a .-pirit of endurance throughout/ tile war, thereby savins the country from a dis aster which would never have been for gotten _ The first exchange of British and Gcr man prisoners over 4"> years of ape is proceeding The agr'Hnnent, which ap plies to tlie whole Empire, embraces captured mariners. The London 'Times" correspondent at] Petrograd forecasts further political changes in Tiussja. including that -jf th. Premiership, in connection with which M. Pokrovosky and 'i.. Bobrinski have hocn. month nod in oider L> ensure a stable War Cabinet. It ;s stated that the \u-dro-Genr>an efforts to enrol Pole.-; as fighters is .1 fun-co. The vast ine. onty of the occu pied provinces are uvshaki'ily loyal to Biesia. The British Aruiv has requisitioned ail home-grown vool rtoeks A wireless Italian official message states that vigorous artillery fire has been maintained on the whole front. An f.evoplane flew over Trieste and dropped 5:00 kilogrammes of explosives at the Nibesiiri station, in the region of Mont Go recto. The London "Times" states that all stocks are buoyant, and as a result of the impending loan war stocks arc ad vancing. 