WHAT HISTORY TEACHES US (By Sir Joseph Carruthors, M.L.C.j j 'Man! Know thcyself ! ' Theso wore tho words inscribed thousands of years ago on one of. the. most .famous of ancient temples, and tlioy -have been handed -lowii to us as if of oracular, import. It has taken this war to. rouso tlio vorld to a knowledge of what history ias deeply inscribod on its scroll — that iftor all man is moro of an animal than )f a God. - . . Wliatevor wo havo sprung from in tho, jvolution of our species, there i lurks innate in the liuman, race', riot, only ;ho gentler and nobler feelings of the. best of creation, but' the most brutal mil c.vuel passions of the primal savage beast. The struggle for existence has al ways been going, on through , untold iiges. It has in tho end uplifted man, and made him what lie now is. Tlio lust for power and .' possession, greod ! and avarice in men or nations, has not. \- , ? & been part, of our animal instinct, but is the outcome of perverted roason.^ 1 ' ' We credit animals with instinct, and. we claim to possess a power unknown to othor animals— which we call rea son, or liighor intelligence. If man . were always actuated only by the . instincts of the brute creation' from which lie has been evolved in the struggle for. existence, the human race would not have, stained its hands with so many of tho terriblos crimes which have made the ' history of niankinS a long series of martyrdom. What we call civilisation may to-day havo raised the standard of living, iii' .' the world, but it lias ever been asso ciated with war, conquest, subjugation, pillage and 'devastation. The pendulum' has kept swinging backwards and for wards. Tlie Golden Age of Peace and Plenty has been followed too ^ often by the. Dark Ages, when whole nations and continents have been cast into long periods of suffering and slavery, with barely a glimmer of light in their life. History has not, , ended it's records yet, and- the pendulum has not ceased' from swinging. . Europe lias been for over 20 centu ries the centre of civilisation, with one long spoil of its . Dark Age interposed.: Three years ago, no man could have been -found in all this ? world of ours who, would have denied that we had reached the highest' phase of science, invention, art, and the bost level ever known of humanity. Three years have not) yet passed, and scarce one man could be found who would deny that there lias been more cruelty, brutality and wanton evil than perhaps was ever known in ancient or modern times. MAN! KNOW Tl-IYSELF. The primal passions have been long ipent.up, and- are now let loose. Our boasted civilisation lias been but a thin, veneer. Beneath - it/ in the races - of mankind, there is' still the master... passion which levels to the animal in a struggle for life. And this master passion. ;has been let loose upon 'the. world bocause the lust for power and possession became beyond control in one of our sovereign races. ' ? It i's the same story that runs through the ages, and history i's but repealing itself. ? A great writer once said that in; the analysis of liistory it was not a com parison botweon tho. good nations and the bad, but between tho bad and the worst. Tho dominant races of to-day have all conio from the Mid-oast. The Euro pean nations arc almost entirely of Eas torn origin, dorivod from the regions now known as Bokhara. Turkestan, and the higher lands of Persia arid India. The only survivors of tlio original 1 in habitants of Europe aro Basques and the Lapps, ' The Kelts, or Celts, represent the first immigrants, and to-day thoir stock aro the Irish, the Scotch, the Welsh, the -Bretons -of France, and, in. admix-, ture, tlie English.. Unfortunately, we are -tormed the Anglo-Saxon race, and, front that title it is assumed that. we. are of Gorman or Teutonic blood. As: a matter of fact, tho term Saxon' has - been ? applied to our race without 'reason.' King - Alfred^ the Great never spoke- of 'his people -as Saxons, but as the 'Englisclie.' ..The Danish or ; Vi king, strain , came; from the Scandina vian districts, and it was the ? best blood of the hardy Norsemen tliat mix ed with the Celtic. The Roman's and Normans, conquered- Britain, but the Britons romainod the people that ab sorbed tlio conquerors and assimilated them with any of tlio great crimes of history, and the ' annals ? of tho British are 'loss stained with blood than thoso of any other empire. ' If wo cannot claim to bo the good nation of the world, we can easily produce our re cord for comparison and show that we are not the worst. THE WORLD'S GREAT HIGHWAY. The great highway, of the world for 12,000 year's lias been that loading from the Persian and Indian Gulfs through Armenia and Mesopotamia to the Mediterranean, whence it broke into many by-ways. Along that highway camo at one time our early ancestors, the Kelts, then, the founders of Greece, Macedonia and Al bania, and Rome, and in more recent times the Turks.' The Germans came last of tho older tribos from Sclavonia, and their route was more northerly into Europe. Thoy liavo not' long emerged from tlioir original tribal barbarisiri and fero city. Tlio so-called virility of tho Ger man race' is merely the instinct of the wold riian,! with its ferocity untamed by a few hundred years of contact with moro civilised; people. To-day this war is being waged in Egypt, which 10,000 years ago was the home of a high civilisation; it is be ing waged in. Syria and Palestine, of Biblical antiquity; in Arabia, which for centuries before ' Christ was a land of pilgrimages to that ancient well, the , Caaba, or Kaaba, now the site of Mec ca, the birthplace of Molianimedism; in Mesopotamia, and Armenia, with Mount Ararat and the Tower of Babel, and the tomb of tlio prophet Jonah, honor ed .by Christians, Mu'ssulnians and Per sians .alike. It is being waged near to Byzantium, tho centre of the Great W estern Empire of 1000 years ago ; ? and in Macedonia, -the .birthplace of Alex ander the Great; on the site of ancient Carthage, on the plains, of Troy, near by' Mount Sinai, and alpngside the ancient cities of Tyre and Sidon, whence came the Phoenicians and their colonists, the Carthaginians. If yoii meet ' the Jew, his eyes will bo turned towards the fountain city of his faith; if , the Christian, the same city, Jerusalem, is to hiin tho, birth place of his religion. Tho Moslem and his shrines are Mec ca and Medina, whilst in Mesopotamia aro tho ancient cities of tho heathens of Central Asia. Theso regions aro tho cradles of tho world's religions, and the birthplacos of the whole pooples ma'ssacred, of martyr ed prophets and reformers, and of the slaughter of battlefields. Thore is nothing transpiring to-day that i snot a repetition of history. WHERE ARE THEY TO-DAY? Wliero to-day is Babylon, that city larger than London, with its great pa laces and monumental works of archi tects aud engineers'? Babylon, lias been blotted out, as was prophesied. All that remain's is below the soil, and none exposed, save by tlio work of 'modern excavation. /William Warfiold, an Ame rican,'- visited it : in 1913, and this- is what lie says in his book, '.'The Gate of Asia, ''relating, his experience in an evening walk through tlio excavated ruins of Nebucliadriezzar's palace and on the site of tlio famous hanging gar dons of the Kings: — 'The city is an. abode of . death. Only one living thing remains in this tomb of perished Empiros. Only a single voice is .'lifted over it. A ,pro phecy romains to bo fulfillod. The sun sinks out of sight beyond the palm trees; sheep are driven to the shelter of their folds. The gates are dosed in tho village ; beyond tlie gardens, and the cooking smoke of evening hovers albovo. the roof., A 'dim, grey form slinks behind ai pilo' of ancient bricks. Oil; among the ruin's a. quavering higli .pilched .cry breaks the silence; anguisli is there and despair; ? then, tlio cry is broken by screams of moclting laugh ter. The prophecy .is fulfilled. 'The jackals shall howl iri' their palaces, and the wolves in their pleasant places.' ' In this city, anjl in the surroundiiig country, thousands of Jew's were taken into captivity by Nebuchadnezzar, and the book, of Ezra tells of those descen dants who returned to Palestine. . But recent travellers have fourid large colo nies still there, and,, strange- to say, they speak the Hebrew language as their native tongue. These .Jews, of Mesopotamia claim io be- direct descen dants of tho captives of Nebuchadnez zar. ' The fact iliat tlie Hebrew lan guage ' had practically disappeared in Palostine as tlie native tongue- of the peoplQ in the time of Christ lends color to this claim. The largest- colony of theso. Hebrews is at Kerkiik, a city on.1 tho Upper Tig vis, wherd. , are the tombs of Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego. In Mosnul, still higher up ' on the Tigris sources, there are 5000 Jew's of the ; same lineage. Mosul, on the site of ancient Nino veli, the great Assyrian- city, is known to most of us unwittingly -wlieu wo speak of tlie fabric, 'muslin,'- made originally there. Our' familiar words, ' crimson ' and' ' carmine,', owe their, ori gin to tho 'Kirmiz,' an insect of Ar menia, from which the inhabitants of that part made a beautiful red '-Jyo. Iri the mountains towards Lake Van, and thence to Persia's highlands, there are the tribes of Kurds and Chaldeans. If Ave look back into the pages of history, wo find the story of Empires rising and falling as tlio' causes work that inevitably -make for 'power and decay. ? ? ? ? -.? ? Egypt, with its 10,000 populous cit- 1 ies from Alexandria to tho heart, of Africa, and its sovereignty over tho Mediterranean — what 'is it ; to-day,? ? * It rose' by the industry of its peoplo i by the! learning of its priosts, by! its science' and its, arts, by its trade,; and i by its wealth and luxury. i It decayed because of its wealth5 and ! luxury, and bocause its own peoplo would not, fight for their own -country, and paid mercenaries to do it for thein. i It has gone;- never to rise again, but it has laid tlio world under, a -vast debt for all that it did to bettor mankind, oven ' at a terrible price. ' : Take, mighty Persia, with its colos sal 'armies, under kings like Cyrus. It remains a remnant of derelict rulers and ruled — still , in its Dark Agos. Yet to Persia, too, the world owes much. Its decline came from its luxury and wealth, leaving its empire a prey to more needy Isut braver races. -?. A'ssyria, Modea, all gone back into the verge of barbarism; with a track of ruinod and .buried, cities as tho land mark's of great wars and- butchery, v. Yet climate , had much to do with' the fall of these lands, as the rain fall has ceased, the lidat incroasod, and rivers and cauals failed to 'flow. Groce ; never - wais groat, although' Alexander made a; brilliant opi'sodo in history, when lie conquered tlio world, i Winwood Roade, in his great work, i 'The Martyrdom of Man,' written j nearly fifty years ago, summed up the Grecian character in these words: — 'It was their inyotorato dishonesty,' their want of faith, their disregard of the sanctity of oaths, tlieir hankering after .money, which had much to do with tlioir disunion, oven in tho face of dangor.' ' At their best . tlioy woro a race of talkers and writers, exploiters of others; and their conquests woro really tho work of greater subject races, not en dowed with thoir brains or thoir cun ning, but i braver as mon. Phoenicia rose a's a trading race from Canaan, near Mount Lebanon. With thoir sea towns, Tyro and Sidon, they became great traders j&nd; shipowners. Their colony at Carthago outrivallcd Plioouicia. Their ompirt extended to tho heart of Africa, to, Spain and ovor Sicily. . . ''Carthage must bo destroyed,' said Cato, and the story of tho destruction of that splendid city after moro than throe years' sioge is one of tho most terrible in the annals of history. Not a soul wa's spared. , Por 17 days after tlia peoplo were destroyed the city burnod, arid then tho plough was run over the ashes . arid in legal form its existence ended for ever. If the. Carthaginians had paid lcds attontion to the accumulation of wealth and luxury, but had cultivated more the virtues of patriotism and of selfde fence,, it would not havo fallen. Rome was, never a nation of Romans as a race. It sprang, as America has, from a polygot of race's; chiefly from slaves and exiles. Yet Ronio has influenced the history of the Western world iriore perhaps than its predecessors, and chiefly be cause it rose out of the ashes, of de cayed and'- destroyed empires. v When Roihe declined from tlio same recurring and eternal cause of lack of civic pride and virtue, Europe relap'sed into the Dark Ages. Tlion came the Huns, the Vandals, the Gotlis and the Moors, and the -best of these were the Moors. Mahomet had arisen, and it is ques tionable whother Mahomet lias not done more for tlio civilisation of the - Ay or Id tliain any, singlo man save the founder of the Christian faith. : The Turks to-day represent only the Saracen in his la'st phase of decay. Unspeakable as tlio Turk of modern times is, he is only a repeat of- tlie ruling caste of every past empire, wlicn the brute instinct or roversion to ani mal type- has got its mastery over the higher man in. evolution. ' THE LESSONS. ' T ?What, then, are the . lessons of , the Ages? That war-is an inevitable thing; and that nations, to live, must be al ways prcparoil to defend themselves. ? 'Eternal vigilance is the price of Liberty,' or,' iri other words: — '. i . 'Ill faros the land to hastening ills . a prey,' . . ? Whore' woalth accumulates arid men de cay.'' This war, in which1 tlie whole world is .ongaged, ' is a liorrible nightmare, but the world, like the tired man, or the sick -man, lias its nightmares from time ..to -time, and they will come again as sure a$ .the earth is inhabited. ' If nations will . delude themselves and trust the, others, instead of relying ori themselves, tlioy will experience the same fate as hundreds of others havo done before. . , ? And if tho classes of one nation, for get tlio . tribal and animal instinct of solf-preaervation against external dan ger, not all the nostrums in the world of Socialism, Laborism or Liberalism will save them jf they : forget that the safety of tlio nation is the first law of 'every country. ; To day it is a spectaclo for the gods to see Russia going- headlong ,to: its downfall, dancing to the -fiddling' of workmen 's unions, 'socialistic makeJbe . Hovers, and general anarchial societies, whilst a mad giant is battering at its door, waiting to -repeat tho same epi sodes in history ? that were enacted at Carthago, at Jerusalem, at Nineveh, at Babylon, and at tlio heart of othor past empires that sacrificed' tliomselves ' to March madness and moonstruck leaders. Thank God' for Britain, and America, and the Latin people of Italy, France and :Roumania,. . t - They aro of our tribes, and' I trust men of our tribes more than our ene mies or faithless Allies. - .1 well .remember. Sir - Henry. Parkos ofttimes. quoting a pooin by. ,a friend, with noble lines addressed .to England, and thoy aro a- fit, ting conclusion t.o this articlo: — 'Shake oil tlio .mocking, allies at thy gate, Gather up; thoy wandering' brood. ' : . Tho salvation of tlio - w^rld to-day lies in the kooping of the Celtic racos and of their Latin allies, who through the ages have Jcopt unceasing vigil to win and preserve their liberty. -V 