BRITISH AND FOREIGN, For, entering the Firth of Forth when he did-' not have sufficient daylight to en able him' to reach Inchkeith before the close of the official day,, .Marcus Wug. master of the Norwegian steamer Erdsborg, was- fined £50, or thirty- days' imprison ment at Cup'ar Sheriff Court. In consequence of the scarcity and high prices of barley, purchases of wheat have recently been made by English-brewers for use in their busjnes, The Board of. Trade has accordingly' made an order, the effect of which is to prohibit the use of wheat in the* manuiacture of beer and similar liquors. '. - ' * . ? A heavy fcg— the worst- for many years — recently enveloped London. At' Charing Cross ambulances carrying wounded slowly made their way- out oi' tne station, and a spectator caused a smile tor come over the face of one wounded man by calling out, 'Well, you know you are back in London now at any rate ' - A peace meeting, held, under the auspices of the Independent Labour parcy and Fellowship ol Reconciliation, was broken up at HaLstead '(Eng.) recently ending in disorder. The ? proceedings were' greatly interrupted by members of the public, who expressed their objection to any steps being taken to bring about a, premature peace. ' , - . ? A Russo-British Chamber of .Commerce in London was decided upon recently at a large meeting of. British and, Russian firms interested. Baron do Hey king, the Riussian Cqnsul-Genernl, announced that. Count' Renckendorff- was prepared to ac cept the honorary ' presidentship of tho chamber, thus giving, it. official recogni tion. Andrew Carnegie, through the Carnegie United Kingdom Trust, has announced an important scheme* 'to' emrurago British composers in the practice of their art.' .Composers are invited to submit original musical compositions to the trustees, and if sufficient merit is shown, the composition will be published at the expense of the trustees, and copyright and royalties be secured. The silver medal for gallantry in saving ? -. life at sea has been awarded' to James Rositer Davis, boatswain's mate of the ? steamship Corinthian of Glasgow. The King awarded the medal in recognition oi: his services in rescuing a soldier of un sound mind who jumped overboard in the North Atlantic Ocei'in. Recovered speech is' becoming common in England and the last case reported has. nothing of the heroic element about it: It? ' ? is related that Private Yates, of the Lan cashire Regiment, who lost his power, of -s]:-eech through wounds and shock,' recover- ed it at Xeath pleasure fair one Saturday ' night recently. An attendant . on the scenic railway gave him the wrong- change, whereupon, to his astonishment and that of his friends, he shouted-, '1 'want ten pence, not twopence.1' Hops and pigs go together in England, the reason being that all hop growers breed pigs for their manurial value, and it is pointed out that it is to the public interest to assist British . hop production and thereby increase the home supply of pork. In 1899 there -were 51,843 acres of hops in England and over 4, 000,000 pigs, exclusive of those kept by cottagers. In 1916 there ? was only 31^,350 acres of hops, and 2.147,940 pigs, a decline in both cases of 10 per cent, over the previous year. The smallest parish in Wales is probably Llansantffread, Monmouthshire, which comprises exactly 290 acres and has only Ihree dwellings — the residence of Sir Ivor Herbert, a lodge, and a farmstead. Ac cording to the last census the inhabitants totalled fourteen. The only farmer in the parish discharges quite a variety of offices. ? He is rate-collector, a guardian of the poor, a member. of the district council, and in his leisure he attends to the Parlia mentary franchise and similar duties. The poor law union of Macroom is 'up in arms' agin' the Government. The - Local Government Board demanded that their doctor, J. O'Mullane, should be re leased from his duties in order that he be employed in the service of the army at the front. The union passed a resolution declaringvtheir intention to stick to O'Mul lane. Now O'Mullane does not seem to be grateful for the defence,' and vows that if thermion does not release him he will take French leave and go to France. Frozen fish, in this case salmon from Alaska and British Columbia, cannot pos sibly be described as fresh fish, according to a decision of the London King's Bench in the matters of rates of the Midland raiU way. The court held that the freezing pro- - cess is a preserving process just as much - as salting or drying. The court said evi dence showed honest tradesmen will not soil frozen fish at as high a price as freshly caught fish. Notice was filed, of further appeal. Surprisingly large amounts are involved. A meeting was held at the Nino Acres, Phoenix Park, Dublin, on a recent Sunday afternoon, under the auspices of & new - political organisation styled The Irish Nation League, for the purpose of demand ing complete self-government for all Ire land and of protesting against any division of the country. There was a very largo attendance and no untoward incident oc curred. The audience appeared to be in thorough sympathy, with the proceedings' ' and the speeches delivered were quite free from objectionable iirvectivo: To prevent Scranton (U.S.A.); from cav ing into the abandoned subterranean caverns cut beneath it by coal miners, a local inventor suggests filling the mines with ice, the slow glacierlike movement of ' which he considers would cause it to be packed solidly so as to form a substantial foundation for the town. Although at -the outset much of the ice would melt, the in ventor -contends that, the melting would cease as quickly as the surrounding ground became thoroughly chilled. Furthermore, the packing would be done in the winter. The. war jsone-is not such a dangerous ; place after all, at loas.t such is the opinion expressed by a soldier who recently obtain ed leave from the front' to visit his dying father. Owing to unforeseen' -events 'ho; was not able to^ reach home on the dato - expected, but when he did arrive it was to learn that his sick father had been killed outright while his mother and sister were lying unconscious in the hospital, ? victim^ to a raid of- Zeppelins. .-The- soldier - affirmed that he would' never, .feel safe until he could get back to the fighting- line again. - . . ' . ; Derry (Ireland) is no longer turbulent. The ancient city waxed indignant over the. ? decision of -the Chief- Secretary to .close .' their famous prison and use it for war purposes. Both Protestant and Catholic citizens raised aloud their voices against the proposal. The Department pointed ? out that crime was abnormally low. The citizens argued, that after the war it would be sure to got back to former statistical importance. ' A compromise was affected, by which the Devry people will have their prison when needed, and be. paid rent for its services in the meantime. Lord Hawke, the famous cricketer, at A National Mission Meeting recently held in the Albert Hall, Leeds stated that there was going to be a new England after the war, and whatever evils the latter had entailed, he added, it had certainly cleaned lip a lot of nasty moral cess-pools. The demand of the future woxild be for clean sport, and clean sport was going to be the order of the day. Why should anyone spoil a good game or pastime by fleecing a friend or taking money from a bookmaker P His lordship intends to busy himself in pro moting the cleaning-up process. . 'The time lias now arr'ved when uni versity education in Wales should be open to all qualified to benefit by it,' was the resolution recently passed by the council of the University College of North Wales. Their ambition was that Welsh education should be established on the very broadest basis. University education should not be the privilege of any sect or party. They ' should, as Welsh people, have control over \- all their education, so that it might pre serve all that was best in the character of the nation, and at the same time compete in the markets of the world with other nations. At the Oxford examinations, according to the recently published list of results, an increase has taken place both in the num ber of candidates and in the number of successes. The total number of candidates (exclusive of certain overseas centres), for ordinary certificates was 18,694, as against 17,834 in 1915— namely, 2462 preliminary, 6921 junior, and 3911 senior. Of these ] 1945 preliminary, 5135 junior, and 6092 j senior passed, making a total of 13,172. as - compared with 12,845 last year. Among \ the senior candidates 653 are placed in the ! first class, as compared with 619 twelve \ months ago. , — [ Serious crime in 'Dundee (Ireland) has i been practically unknown during the past \ two years, said Bailie Huderson in taking ?? farewell of Dundee Police Court. ,If the j oases of the habitual offenders were eli- ? minated, the total of ofFences would be, j little short of infinitesimal, having regard j to the magnitude of her population and j the area embraced. The female inebriate j and the juvenile offender of whom police courts generally had perhaps more experi ence than usiial, might, -thought the Bailie, be regarded as somewhat of a war time product, born of high wages, and j lack of normal restraining influences. I Not understanding the law led Thomas ; Joseph Brimble to take his life by error j in London recently. Some weeks ago lie j was called up by the military authorities j to undergo the usual medical 'examination, [ but was reported on as unfit, much to his I own ?satisfaction. To conform with a ve- '. cent regulation of the Ministry he was called up again as a matter of form, and thinking that they were intent -on obliging him to serve, notwithstanding his physical s condition, he caught up a table knife and out his throat with it. Had he presented i himself as required he would .have been exempted without any difficulty. . ? Lord Salisbury's Parliament Register Bill; which proposes to give every man of 21 a vote if he is on active service, has been given a second reading in the House of Lords. Lord Salisbuiy's measure also includes the trench ballot. Lord Lans downe pointed out that the exercise of the vote might be undesirable in the case of units actually engaged in active operations in the field. Similarly to disturb munition workers would be a prospect inviting dis may. Lord Salisbury was invited to confer with the .Government on the vsubject of his Bill, which now occupies a corresponding position to that of the Special Register Bill in the Commons. ; % The milk problem of London is being attacked in earnest by the Co-operative 'Wholesale Society. Having come to the conclusion that there is little prospect of securing a cheap and pure supply with out acquiring the ownership of herds as well as organising distribution, it hos entered the field as a land-owner on a considerable scale. Within the past few weeks over 7000 acres of agricultural land in .Northern and Midland counties have passed into the possession of the society. The progress of the new agricultural and dairy-farming poliscy must prove of far reaching importance, both in itself and as a basis for wider developments. May a man marry his niece was the point 'raised in the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh before a. full bench of seven judges. The Scots Act of Parliament of 1567 made the eighteenth chapter of Leviticus the law of Scotland, and it was contended that the relationship was not \- mentioned in this chapter and that Jewish interpreters had always taken that rela tionship as being without the prohibited degrees, and a marriage of an uncle and niece was perfectly valid. On the other hand, while it is true, uncle and niece are not mentioned, aunt and nenhew are. wbila . neither grandmother, grandson, nor father and .daughter are mentioned. The debate was adjourned. Russian Jews from over 100 different organisations in England recently held a meeting in London to consider the scheme of forced enlistment proposed by the Go vernment. The debate lasted 'until the small hours of the morning, and was par ticipated in by Mr. Joseph King, M.P., who has displayed special interest in the matter on. the floor of the House of Com mons. In the end a committee of fifteen was appointed to wait upon the Home Sec retary with a suggestion, the purport of which was that Russian Jews in England objected to take part in the war for often* sive purposes, but were quite prepared to undertake any work of national importance or enlist for home defence. Carlton Gaol, Edinburgh, received an unusual prisoner within its walls recently. The Lost Property Department of the city police force are called upon to find owners for many remarkable things, ranging from wooden legs to strayed coffins, but lately they had to deal with a nanny goat. The animal, under ordinary circumstances, should have been turned over to the pound, but it was found not far from the gaol by some people who took pity on its woebe gone appearance and lifted it o^er a fence into some very fine grazing. Here it re^ mained for half a day until an officer came along and ran it in for obstructing the thoroughfare. The goat must remain 'in gaol' until claimed by her owner. 'What does the cat think about it?' inquired a West London magistrate, when a woman complained to him that a neigh bour was detaining her Persian cat. 'I don't know,' she replied, rather astonish ed. Magistrate: 'A cat is not a dog. If it had been a dog I could have had it in court to -see who it would go' to, and I could have given judgment after the man ner of Solomon. If I had the cat here it would probably go to neither, but will sit down and start licking its paws. You know what Kipling says, 'The cat is a lone some creature.' ' Applicant: 'I paid 10/ for it.' Magistrate: 'You may have a summons. If the cat has any strawberry marks on it bring evidence of them.' A vessel with a cargo of poisonous bulbs recently mored at Hoboken, U.S.A. About two years ago stevedores' died as a result of unloading such a vessel They were asphyxiated by the carbonic acid gas gene rated by the bulbs in the hold. That led to the building of lattice work pillars reach ing from the floor of the hold to the deck, these acting as ventilators. A British doc tor writing in the 'Lancet' tells of an experience of Jiis in trying 'to resuscitate two Chinamen who had gone down into the hold of a vessel laden with oranges, .garlic, .soy beans, sugar and cooked rice, and says the respiration of the oranges and garlic in the absence of ventilation had re placed the oxygen with poisonous carbon dioxide. The Union Tube Works, Coatbridge, Scotland, witnessed an unusual spectacle one night recently, when a number of the olhce staff were found unconscious. The works are erected over an emplacement where several pits existed half a century ago, and it is thought that the flooding of the mines in the vicinity resulted in forc ing poisonous gas to the surface. Although all the sufferers were finally brought round, in some cases resuscitation proved exceedingly difficult and the report got around that they were all dead. It is not known just what action will be taken to prevent recurrences of this kind for the future, but the Union Tube Works will cer tainly take adequate measures to protect its employees. Skin-grafting is getting to be quite com mon, and a plucky nurse in one of the London hospitals is said to have saved the life of a soldier patient by martyrising her self in this way. As it became necessary to graft some skin to the patient, the doctors fouud great difficulty in getting any young and healthy person to submit to the ordeal, and when they were almost in despair were agreeably surprised at one of the nurses volunteering her services. The girl, who is just 21, made light of her action when congratulated on what sho | had done. 'It di-ln't hurt much more than j being vaccinated,' she said. 'Well, per- j baps a little more than that ; but what on I earth does it matter so long as the opera tion was successful.' Recruiting raids have become quite com mon in London, but the first affair of this kind in Glasgow was only pulled off a few weeks ago. In the forenoon the police visited tea and smoking rooms in the centre of the city and the names and ad dresses were taken of all men of military age found there in civilian garb who were ' unable to prove by exemption or rejection cards, or in other ways, why they were not on u^tive service. Since then other raids laav® be-ec carried out with nior© or less successful results, These visits, which caused a. great deal of excitement, occupied a considerable time. At Hull, just a. little south of the border, men of appa rent military age were stopped recently after a football match, and as 250 of them could not produce official cards they were marched to the police station. Failing to obscure lights is a charge that frequently brings about strange situations in the London courts. In a late case it came out that a beam of light from the shop of a dealer in Shorediteh, extended 60ft. across the -roadway, and a large crowd that had gathered in protest was with difficulty restrained from breaking into the premises. When telephoned to by the police the dealer refused to go to his store and extinguish the light and the representatives of the law, as they could not effect an entrance without breaking a very large front plate glass window, con tented themselves with painting on it a legend to the effect that the light was burning because the premises had been burglarised twice the previous week, and if left in darkness would be burglarised again. Defendant was fined £9. The official search for men holding back or hiding from military service has assumed a new phase in Marylebone. In that dis trict the recruiting officer in command has issued a large poster containing an alpha betical list of all individuals about whom information is sought with a view to as- ; certaining whether (a) they have joined the army, (b) are exempt from the Mili tary Service Acts, (c). are in possession of a definite certificate or badge of dispen sation issued by competent authority, (d) are in a reserved occupation, or fe) have removed to another district. The poster intimates that this information is neces sary to complete the records of the re cruiting officers and will be regarded as strictly confidential. Those who 'know the ropes,' however, look upon it as a very ingenious detective plan to round up the dodgers. ; The Ministry of Munitions, to protect the health of all factory workers engaged in handling T.N.T. and other poisonous explosives, lias introduced new regulations, and for the future operatives will not be ? allowed to remain at work of this class for a longer period than Wo weeks at a stretch. A special costume and a towel is provided for each worker, and these will be regularly inspected and cleansed with chemicals. Food must not be consumed in factories, and every employee must be sup plied with a pint of milk or cocoa every day. Doctors have been made available at stated intervals to diagnose any symptoms of poisoning or other forms of sickness that declare themselves, and by these means it is thought to minimise all dangers to health, and especially to avoid the yellow ! discoloration of face and skin caused by I handling the trinitrotoluol. j A suspicious case* involving a breach of the lighting regulation was tried, at an . East Coast town, near Aberdeen, Scot- - land, some weeks ago, and the master of ? the Danish steamer Bertha was fined : £75 as a result of it. It seems that on a ! recent Zeppelin raid night flashes were ; seen coming from the defendant's vessel ? which was anchored in the estuary of a ! river near the- coast. As the flashes came1-; systematically at regular intervals and the ; vessel had been warned of the raid, there : was a. strong presumption, intensified by . certain incautious statements uttered by the mariner, that ho was in collusion with the raiding squadron and furnishing them ? with data as to their whereabouts. Tho skipper pleaded that he was below and that the flashes were caused bv the fire man opening the furnace door in the course of his duties, but this explanation the court looked upon with disfavour. j Visiting Americans have been greatly impressed at the working of the military department of the British post office. The army postal arrangements are on a vast scale, and they have reported to the New York press that letters sent to the expe ditionary forces in France take but three days to reach men in billets and 'four for soldiers in tho trenches. Letters for troops are dealt with at the homo base in London ; and tiers is a separate b&g; for every unit. Ten millions of letters and three-quarters of a million of parcels are despatched to the army overy week, all portions of the service, wherever situated, being covered. Three special trains ruix daily for army mails alone. Tbe return missives are not so numerous, although five million letters are received from Uier fighting line weekly, but* very few parcels. Several hundred women are engaged in the work of sorting out this heavy correspon dence. ?? Hv. Sir Thomas Lipton relates a story of ifopW his yacht, the Shamrock, escaped probsEp'lo capture by the Germans when war wa:i3 declared. The Shamrock wa.s about three days out from England, bound for New York, in company with Sir Thomas's other yacht, the Erin. They were ignorant of what had occurred, and at any moment, might have encountered a German vessel. The Erin one morning chanced to intercept a wireless message being sent from one German boat to another, announcing that the two countries were at war, and tlu» yachts at once changed their course for the Barbadoes, which were safety reached. Here they lay until the coast was suffi ciently clear for the Shamrock to make New York, where she has been snug at her moorings ever since. 'Yes,' said Sir Thomas, 'it would have been a nice thing to find the German Emperor after the w^ar sailing the Shamrock in an attempt to win the American Cup.'* A champion for London's much .maligned tielephone service has been found in an American doctor now visiting England. It is not crass stupidity, mismanagement, or antiquated methods which account for the slight defects sometimes noted by tele phone users, but a natural defect of the users themselves — their voices! 'Ameri- cans have not pretty, soft voices, but. their vocal cords are tuned correctly for* telephoning,' said the doctor, 'British voices are not. They seem to lack tbe timbre necessary for carrying over the wires. It is often remarked that American women are given to talking loudly in re staurants and other places. As a matter of fact they do not, talk any louder than their English sisters', but their voices have a carrying quality which is sometimes rather trying. However, it renders tele phone using a pleasure for Americans, whereas for Britons the 'phone is always more or less an instrument of torture.' General Smith-Dorrien has been writing fierce letters to the press lately in an en deavour to elevate the tone of the London stage. A late communication from his pen, written from Old Windsor, sums up the situation in these words: — 'I have written to several of the leading papers protesting that the tone of certain public performances was demoralising, and ap pealing to. managers to change it To my mind, a large number of young men who have been rejected by the military ex aminers, can trace their incapacity to' serve their country in the hour of need to the pernicious influence exercised over their moral character by the exhibitions alluded to. Surely it is a very poor argument in favour of low class performances to say that public taste requires them and the censor sanctions* them, because maintaining the greatness of the Empire at a high level depends on the training of our young people, who should be freed from the cou tamination of vice.' \- The crofter's wife, and the knowledge she has preserved through long centuries, are likely to prove a valuable asset to tire country at the present time. The short age of dyeing material is the cause. From time immemorial Scotland has been famous for its dye works, the art of dyeing having been learned from the inhabitants of the low countries. In the reign of William the Lion Flemish immigrants settled in Scot land, and the listers' or dyers' guild was one of the earliest formed in their new home. In 1540 dyers who used false colours were punished by law, and a few years later legislation was passed limiting the number of coloured cloths to scarlet, red, crimson, murray, pink, brown, black, green, yellow, orange, tawny, russet, marble, grey sadnew colour, aseraer, watch ett, sheep's colour, lion colour, motley, or iron grey. In the reign of William and Mary, after Scotland had become in corporated politically with England, a few other colours were added to the list. The variety of shades, to be seen in the tartans of the clans and the skill with which they are blended is a relic of the ancient know ledge of dyeing possessed by the High landers. . The celebration of the Burns' anniver sary that took place some time ago would afford some- idea of the strong hold his memory has upon the affections of Scottish people, and other events also indicate the esteem in which he is held. The Glasgow and District Burns Club Association re cently made a pilgrimage to Mauchline, visiting the churchyard, the Burns Home and tho Memorial Homes, and the Patrick Burns Club is to erect a. marble tablet in honor of Gavin Hamilton, the poet's friend and patron. A link with the past, however, has been severed by the death at Humphries of the poet's grand- daughter, at the advanced age of 85 years. Her father, also called Robert Burns, was tlie eldest .son, and the striking resemblance he bore to his illustrious parent was dis cernible in the lineaments of the deceased lady, who at one time resided with her husband at Guelph, Ontario, and since her return to Scotland years ago has made her home a gathering place for talent and merit of all kinds- Among her visiting friends was Andrew Carnegie. For a long period she lived in the house on Burns istreot in which the poet died, but the in firmities of age obliged her some time ago to make the dwelling over to the town ©cuinci!. 