WHAT HISTORY TEACHES US. (BY SIB JOSEPH CARRUTHERS, M.L.C.)' "Man I Know thyself!" These were the words inscribed thousands of years ago on one of the most famous of ancient temples, and they have been handed down to us as if of oracular import. It has taken this war to .rouse the world to acknowledge of what history has deeply" in- scribed on its . scroll — -that, after all, man; is more of an animal than of a God. \- - "Whatever we have sprung from in the eyo- . , : lution of our species, there lurks innate in the human race, not only the gentler and nobler feelings of . the best .of creation, but the most brutal and cruel ( passions of the primal sav age beast. ' The struggle for existence has always been going on through untold ages. It has in the end uplifted man, -and made him- what he now is. The lust for power "and possession, greed and avarice, in men; or nations, has not been part of our animal instinct, but is the outcome of perverted reason. We credit animals with instinct, and we claim to possess a power unknown to other ani mals-: — which we call reason, or higher intelli- . . -gence. If man were always actuated- only by the \- instincts of the brute creation from which he has been evolved in the struggle -for existence, the human race would not have stained its hands with ...so many of the" terrible crimes \- which have made the history of mankind a " -long series of. martyrdom. ' What we call civilisation may to-day have 7 . - raised the standard of living in the world, . but it has ever been associated with war, \- conquest, subjugation, pillage, and devastation. . The pendulum; has kept swinging backards and -forwards. The Golden . Age of Peace and Plenty has been followed too often by the Dark Ages, when whole nations and contin ents have been cast , into long periods of suf fering and slavery, with barely a glimmer , of light in their life. "" ' History has not ended its records yet, and " the pendulum has' not eeased from swinging, Europe has been for over 20 centuries the centre -of civilisation, with one long spell of . its Dark Age interposed. Three years ago, -no man could have been found in all this world of ours who would have denied that we had reached the highest phase of science, inven tion, art, and the best level ever knoown of . humanity. Three years have not yet passed, and scarce one man could be found who would deny that there has been more eruelty, bru tality, and wanton evil than perhaps was; ever known in ancient "or modern times! . MAN! KNOW THYSELF. The primal passions have begn long pent up, \- and are now let loose. Our boasted civilisa tion has been but a "thin veneer. Beneath it, v in the races of mankind, there is still the mas: : tcr passion which levels to the animal in a v struggle for life. Aiid this master passion has been let loose upon the world, because the lust for power and possession became be yond control in one of our sovereign raees. It is the same story that runs through the ages, and history is but repeating itself. A great writer Once said that in the analy- \- sis of history it wasnot a comparison between the good nations and the bad, but between the bad and the worst. The dominant races of to : day have all conie . from the Mid-east. The European nations are almost Entirely of Eastern origin, derived from: \- the regions now. known as Bokhara, Turkestan, : and the higher lands, of Persia and India. The only survivors of the; original inhabi tants of Europe are the Basques and the Lapps. The Kelts, or Celts, represent the first immi grants, and to-day their stock are the Irish, the Scotch, the Welsh, the Bretons of France, and, in admixture, the English. Unfortunately, we are termed the Anglo-Saxon race, and. from . that title it is assumed that we. are of German or Teutonic blood. As a matter of fact, the term "Saxon" has been applied to Our race without reason. King Alfred the Great never sp'oke of his people as Saxons; but as the "Englische." The Danish or Viking strain came from the Scandinavian districts, and it was the best blood of the hardy Norsemen that mixed with the Celtic. The Romans and the Normans conquered Britain, but the Bri- \- tons remained the people that absorbed the conquerors and assimilated them with any of the great crimes of history, and the annals of the British are less stained with blood than \- those of any other empire. If we cannot claim tobe the good nation of the world, we can easily produce our record for comparison and "show that we are not the worst. THE WORLD'S GREAT HIGHWAY. The great highway of the world for 12,000 . : years has been that leading from the Persian and Indian Gulfs through Armenia and Meso potamia, to 'the Mediterranean, whence it broke into many by-ways. Along that highway came at one time our. early ancestors, the Kelts, then the .founders of. Greece, Macedonia, and Albania, and Rome, and in more recent times the Turks. The Germans came last of the older tribes -from Sclavonia, and their route whs more .north' erly into Europe. , t-;- They have not long emerged from their orig- inal tribal barbarism and ferocity. The so-., 7- called virility of thq German race is merely . - the instinct of 'the wild man, with its ferocity <::. untamed by a few hundred years of contact with' more civilised people. To-day this war- is being waged in Egypt, which 10,000 years ago was the home of a high \-- civilisation; it is being waged in Syria and 7 Palestine, of Biblical antiquity ; in Arabia, which for centuries before Christ was a land. v of pilgrimages to that ancient well, the Caaba, : - or Kaaba, now the site of Mecca, the birth place of Mohammedism; in Mesopotamia, and \- . . Armenia, with Mount Ararfct and the Tower of Bdbel, . and the tomb, of the prophet Jonah, -7 -. honored by Christians,' Mussulmans, and Per sians alike. It is being waged pear to Byzau- tium, the centre of the Great Western Empire 7 - of.. 1000 years ago.; and in Macedonia, .the birthplace of Alexander the Great ; on the site of ancient Carthage, on the plains of Troy, near by Mount Sinai, and alongside the ancient cities of Tyre and Sidon, whence came the Phoenicians and their colonists, the Carth aginians. / , ' : " If you meet the Jew, his eyes will be turn ed, towards the fountain city of his faithj.il the Christian, the same city, Jerusalem, is to him the birthplace'-of his religion. The Moslem, and his shrines are Mecca and Medina, whilst in Mesopotamia are the ancient cities of the heathens of Central Asia. These regions are the cradle- of the. world's religions, and the birthplaces of the so-called civilised Powers "of the earth. 'I' They are stained with the blood of the "whole peoples massacred, of martyred prophets and reformers, and of the slaughter of battlefields. There is nothing transpiring to-day that is not a repetition of history. " 'j- ; WHERE ARE THEY TO-DAY? - « .Where to-day is Babylon, that city larger than London, with its great palaces and monu mental works of architects ( and engineers? Babylon has been blotted out, as was prophe sied. All that remains is below the soil, and none exposed, save by the work of modern ex-, cavation. William Warfield, an American, vis ited it in 1913, and this is what he says in his book, "The Gate of Asia, ' ' relating his ex perience in an evening, walk - through the ex cavated ruins of Nebuchadnezzar's palace and on the site of the famous hanging gardens of the Kings: — : "The city is an "abode of death. Only one living , thing remains tin this tomb of perished Empires. Only a single voice is lifted over it. A prophecy remains to be fulfilled. The sun sinks out of Bight beyond the palm trees; sheep are driven to the shelter of their folds. The gates are closed in the village beyond the gardens, and the cooking smoke of evening hov ers above the roof. A dim, grey form slinks behind a pile of ancient bricks. Off among the ruins a quavering, high-pitched cry breaks the silenee; anguish is there and despair; then the cry is broken by screams of mocking laugh ter. The propheey is fulfilled. "The jakals shall howl in their palaces,, and the wolves in their pleasant places.' " In this city, and in the surrounding country, thousands of Jews were taken into captivity by Nebuchadnezzar, and the book .of Ezra tells of those descendants who returned to Palestine. But recent travellers have found large Jewish colonies still therej and, strange to say, they speak the Hebrew language as their native tongue. These Jews of Mesopotamia claim to be direct descendants of the captives of Neb uchadnezzar. The fact that the Hebrew lan guage had practically disappeared in Palestine as the native"tongue of the people in the time of Chrisflends color to this claim. The largest colony of these Hebrews , is at Kerkuk, a city on the Upper Tigris, where are the tombs of Shadrach, Meshach, and Ab- ednegO; In Mosnul, still higher up on' the Tigris sour ces, there are 5000 Jews of the same lineage. Mosul, on the site of. ancient Nineveh, the greats. Assyrian city, is known to most of us unwittingly when we speak of the fabric 'mus lin, ' made - originally there. Our familiar words, 'crimson' and 'carmine' owe their or igin to the 'Kirmiz,' an insect of Armenia, from which the inhabitants of that part made a beautiful red dye. In the mountains towards Lake Van, and thenee to Persia's highlands; there are the tribes of Kurds and Chaldeans. If we look back into the pages of history, we find the story of Empires rising and falling: as the causes work that inevitably make for power and decay. ; Egypt, with its 10,000 populous cities from Alexandria to the heart of Africa, and its sov.- ereignty over the Mediterranean— what is it to-day? It rose by the industry of its people, by the learning of - its priests, by its science and its arts, bylts trade, and" by' its great rulers. It decayed because of its- wealth and luxury, and because its own people would not- fight for their own hountry, but paid mercenaries to do it for them. " \ . ;;" r' " It haa gone; never, to rise, again, but it has- laid the world under a vastvdebt/'for all that it did- to..;better mankind, even at a ter rible price. _ . Take mighty Persia; with its-; colossal, armies, under kings like Cyrus. It remains a remnant of derelict rulers and ..ruled— still - in its Dark Ages. Yet to Persia, too, the world owes much. Its decline came from its luxury and wealth, "leaving its empire a prey to moreneedybut braver, races. ; ' Assyria, Medea,all gone back into the verge of barbarism, with a track of ruined and bur ied cities as the landmarks of great wars and butchery. Yet climate had much to do with; the fall of these lands, as the rainfall has e.eased, the heat increased, and rivers andicahals failed to flow. , „ ; . " Greece never was great,; although Alexander made a brilliant episode in history, when he conquered the world. - ; : ' Winwood Reade, inhis great work, "The Martyrdom of Man,'' written nearly fifty years ago, summed up the Grecian: character in these. words: — . . ' 7'''- - "It was their inveterate dishonesty, their want of faith, their disregard of the sanctity of oaths, their hankering after money, which had much -to do with, their disunion, even in the face of danger." - . - ' At their best < they were, a race \of talkers and writers, exploiters of ; others; and their conquests were really the work of greater sub ject races, not endowed with their brains or their cunning, but braver as men; " Phoenicia rose as a trading race from Can aan, near Mount Lebanon. With their sea towns, Tyre and Sidon, -they became great trad ers and shipowner's. Their colony at Carthage outrivalled Phoenicia. Their empire extended to the heart of Africa, to Spain, and over Sic ily. \ ' 7 . 7- vf" ; . "Carthage must be destroyed," .said Cato, and the story of the destruction of that , splen-. did city after more than three years' siege is one of the most terrible- in the annals of his tory.: Not a "soul was spared. For 17 .days after . the people were destroyed the city burn ed, and then the plough was run over the ^ash es, and in legal form its existence, ended for ever. If the Carthaginians had paid less attention to tho accumulation of wealth and luxury, but had cultivated more the virtues of patriotism and of self-defence, it would not have fallen! Rome was never a nation, of Romans as a race. It sprang, as America, has, from a polyglot of races; ehipfly from slaves and exiles. Yet Some has influenced the history of the Western world more perhaps than its predeces sors, and chiefly because it rose out of the ashes of decayed and destroyed empires.' When Rome declined from the same. -recur ring and eternal cause of lack of civic pride and virtue, Europe relapsed into the Dark Ages. Then came the Huns, the Vandals, the Goths, and the Mdors; and the best of these were the Moors. \- Mahomet had arisen, and it is questionable whether Mahomet has not done more for the civilisation of the world than any single man save tho founder of the Christian faith. The Turks to-day represent only the Saracen in his last phase of deeay. Unspeakable as the Turk of modern times is, he is only a re peat of the ruling caste of every , past empire, when the brute instinct or reversion to animal type has got its maetery over the higher man in evolution. THE. LESSONS. What; then, are the lessons of the Ages? That war is an inevitable thing; and that Ra tions, to live, must be always prepared to de fend themselves. - Eternal vigilanee is the price of Liberty;' ' or, in other words: — "111 fares hte-land-to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay;-' '. This war, in which the whole world is en gaged, is a horrible nightmare, but the world; like the tired man, or the sick man, has its nightmares froin time to time, and they will come again and again as sure as the .earth is inhabited. - If nations will delude themselves and trust the others, instead of relying on themselves, they will experience the same fate as hun dreds1 of others have done before.. And if the classes of one nation forget the tribal and animal instinct of self-preservation against external danger, not all the nostrums in the world of Socialism, Laborism, or Liber alism will save them if they forget; that the safety of the nation is the first law of every country. To-day it is a spectacle for the gods to see Russia going headlong to its downfall, dancing to the fiddling of workmen's unions, socialistic make- believers, and general anarchieal societies, whilst a mad giant is battering at its door, waiting to repeat the same episodes in his tory that were enacted at Carthage, at Jerusal em, at Nineveh, at Babylon, and at the heart of other past empires that sacrificed them-; selves to March- madness and moonstruek lead ers. . . Thank God for Britain, and America, and the Latin people of Italy, France, and Rou- mania. They, are of our tribes, "and I trust men of our tribes more than our enemies or "faith less Allies. ... I I well remember Sir Henry Parkes. ofttimes quoting a poem by a friend, with noble lines addressed to England; .and they are a fitting conclusion to this artiele:-r " Shake, off the mocking allies at t,hy gate, Gather up thy wandering broo'd." V The salvation of the world to-day lies in the keeping of the Celtic races and of their Latin "Allies, whot hrough the ages have kept unceas ing vigil- to win and to preserve their '.liberty. 