THE KAISER AND ALSACE LORRAINE. The- Angliean Bishop of G-oulbum wrote to -the 'Daily Telegraph' as follows: — Sir, — Mr. David Storey, M.L.A., is re ported in your issue of to-day as having fallen fiercely upon certain remarks of mine oh the two subjects of the Kaiser and Alsace-Lorraine. His reckless language is based on an entire misunderstanding of what I said and the connection in which it was said. Mr. Storey is a sufficiently old parliamentary hand to know how nrislead inc a frflfl-mftntarv renort mav be. and to ' refrain - from abusing as 'maudlin senti ment' a plea for justice as against v-m- .geance. My lecture is to be published shortly. Meanwhile will you kindly per mit m© to repudiate the position attributed to me by a Minister of the Crown in the eonurae of his address of welcome to Queensland bowlers at Band wick? (1) Fijjst, with regard to the Kaiser. Needless to say, I am no less keenly insis tent than Mr. Storey on the Kaiser being '?' .brought to justice. I repudiate indignantly the suggestion that I have been ' ' defend ing or making excuses for the worst character that ever trod the earth.' Jus tice requires retribution. But here is the difficulty. The human instruments of jus tice are confronted by a problem without precedent. Any element of injustice in their action at this crisis will reap its own retribution in daVs to come. My reference to the Kaiser was an incidental illustration of the main thought of my address on ' ' Peace Problems of European Nationa lism,'1 viz., that these problems are far more difficult and complex than seems to be realised my many popular thinkers and leaders. So, too, is the problem of the Kaiser. And I suggested, without posing for a moment as 'an authority on British erjminal jurisprudence,' that British law itself, recognises degrees of criminality in homicide. - There is the scaffold for mur der and penal servitude for manslaughter'. There are,, of course, conceivable cases of manslaughter which are morally for more criminal than cases of murder. My own difficulty in. the Kaiser's ease is that on the one hand I feel that the clamour for the ; hanging or the shooting of the Kaiser often* sounds a note of vengeance rather thau justice; while on the other hand I feel that if the Kaiser is to be made to realise his punishment that fits the crime .far better than execution, and is perhaps. -even more impressive in the eyes of the world. I am quite content to trust an international tribunal representative of. the organised conscience and balanced judgment ? of ; humanity. It will deal with the Kaiser along with the scores of other moral criminals who share his guilt; but the very number of them and the different kinds and degrees; of guilt in which they are involved1 bring into strong relief the. necessity of keeping justice clear of air 'maudlin sen c timeut, '? whether of sympathy -or venge ance. '?;. ? ? \ (2) With regard to Alsace-Lorraine, it . is simply not true to charge Die with say ing that I was 'not satisfied with the pro posal to hand Alsace-Lorraine back to France.' What I did say, and still say, 13 that in dealing with 'the rectification ? of the frontiers' of the German Empire we must not think that it is simply a ques tion or reversal oit conquests. uenmarK was -deprived of Sehleswig-Holstein, and France 'of Alsace-Lorraine. But the Peace Conference has no mandate to make any or every enemy give back everything that they .have ever taken. Its mandate is to vindicate the principle of nationality as the basis of the organisation of European and other States, and so secure the peace of the future by doing justice to oppressed or severed peoples. The one right and safe principle is to give expression and satisfaction everywhere to the spirit of nationality. In the long run there is only one .way, and that is to let the people de-: eide tKeir own destiny by wieir own choice. In tny case, by one method cjf another the; principle of nationality must be vindicated all round. Denmark, for example, may claim Schleswig-Holstein. But Hoi stein is as predominajitly German as Schleswig is Danish. Justree^to German nationality will, probably require' that the southern part at least of Holstein should b-? left to Ger inany. The peril of the Kiel Canal, which ' lies across Holstein, must not tempt us to place a-' German, community under Danish rule. The Kiel Canal peril must be re moved in some other way by international iising its control and neutralising its use. The -case of Alsace-Lorraine is different. There- is no doubt there of the intensely French sympathies of the overwhelming bulk of the population. The 1,500,000 natives,' whether German or French origi nally by race, are French in spirit. But; there are 300,000 German immigrants. There are parts of the double province wnere a local vote mignt go tor trcrmany. Strict justice requires ua to recognise that even the problem of Alsace-Lorraine was' so difficult that the International. Peace Conference at Geneva in -1884 was almost' equally balanced between the proposal to restore the two provinces to France and tho proposal to constitute them an independent nnd neutral State. Arnold Toynb^e, in his book on 'Nationality and the Wai\f sug gests separate referendum;* in, different parts of the provinces. This suggestion -, ppell* rlisint'-gration into districts ottnc.h^d ^o Franco and Germany respectively. bounded by unworkable frontiers, and crossed by railway systems which cannot be run under dual or divided control. My own suggestion would be an international protectorate for a time and then a general referendum of the whole population still re Biding in the provinces. Of the result of such a referendum there would be no doubt. Probably, however, Allied sympathy with France will assign the provinces at once to France, and of course we can trust France to deal justly and generously with the civil and human rights of the patches of Germanism therein included. But the keenest sympathy with France must not blind us to the fact that what the Peace Conference has to, do is not simply to right a past wrong by reversing the annexation otf 1871. but to vindicate the principle of nationality so completely in ? AlsaceLor raine that no festering sore of unsatisfied nationalism shall remain to imperil th' future peace of Europe. ' The aim of the Peace Conference must be not revenge, bv.t justice. And. some of us must insist on this principle being kept in sight at every point of the complex world-situation, even if it means that we are liable to be mis understood and misrepresented. — Yours, etc., ,.-... . LEWIS GOULBURN. Bishopthorpe, Goulburn, Dec. 13. 