Perth. Prattle The M. bany. ' m. f » *. Lieut Harold Parker has returned from the firing line. Mrs. M'Dougalî, of West Perth, bas returned from the Eastern {""tates by the Great Western: A ? * The F.U.S.W. held their reunion in the form of a picnic at Crawley last Thursday, it was a Jolly picnic Mr. and Mrs. Lefroy, of Ganmore Park, Walebing, returned from the East via overland route, last week. Mrs. Kerr bas come from the Nor' West to reside in Perth. She has pur- chased a pretty villa in Rbeola-street, West Perth. ? .» «a. Mrs. Southern's many friends xxiii regret to learn that she has not been at all xx-eu, but she hopee to soon be about tusa!**. ? t Monty Marks bas gained his com- mission in the RJF.C. Sirs. Monty is using her undoubted talent in America to some purpose. -? «. «a., Mrs. John Nicholson, of Hay-street "West, is letting her house furnished ana going on a three-months' visit to friends in Victoria. Lieut. Bay Clarke was met on his return from the front by his father, Mr. E. M. Clarke, 1IX.C, and a small crowd: of relatives and friends. Mrs. C. H. E. Manning, Mrs. Fer- guson Stewart, Mrs. Ambrose, and Miss -James leave by the Katoomba for Adelaide, where they -prill be pre- sent at the nuptials of Lady Hackett and Mr. F. Moulden. ? «a. To assist the Red Cross funds. Or. and Mrs. Trethowan. of St George's terrace, recently gathered their friends together for a bridge evening. Their home was prettily bedecked wrltb flowers, and the large number of visi- tors thoroughly enjoyed the evening. Every helper is needed to provide winter comforts for the fighting men. Get Jin toncb with - your local Red Cross, the Spinning Association, or any of the Battalion T.C.F., but do fin M ?.?'.' m fzn, if it is only hemming handkerchiefs or making pillow-cases. -a* *a* ^* Matron Despard, who is on furlough from her military duties, was enthu siaticaily welcomed by the Green- bushes folk, where some time pre- viously she had acted as matron of the local hospital. Private Mlndoe xvas also given a welcome on his return from the firing line. A certain squatter is going to meet trouble when his **rife receives a full and verbatim account of his relations with the swift and silly set The midnight bathing parties and cham- pagne suppers will be difficult to ex- plain, and what wifie will say win make interesting news. Miss'Hettie "Living, who for the past four years has resided in Perth, and since war broke out has taken a very active part in patriotic work, left re- cently on a xrisit to relatives in Mel- bourne and Sydney. She has now de- cided to make her home in Melbourne, and will not be returning to W.A. An interesting wedding to take place at an early date will be that of Miss -Lesly Brown, second daughter of Mrs. M. Brown, No. 8 Heytesbury read. Subiaco, and Mr. E. W. Brown, J.P., pearler. Nor'-West, to Mr. Arch. Douglas, chief officer s.S. Kwinana, second son of the late Cap*. .Fred. Douglas, -of ^Albany. Owing to illness the marriage of Sergeant Reg. Richardson, of Head- quarters, to Miss Gladys Woodlands, eldest daughter of Mr.-and Mrs. Wool lands, of West Perth, ***as very quietly solemnised, ali festivities being dis- pensed x-rith, and only near relatives being present The ceremony was per- formed by the Rev. Daniel Ross. The Edward Stones are on their way back to the West, tarrying a few days at Adelaide en route. Sir Ed- ward has had his reminiscences licked into shape and republished in pamph- let form by a Melbourne writer, Frank Henty. The said reminiscences are interesting, and were worth republish- ing, but are there no writers and printers in Sir Edward's own State? "Maura's"* opinion: "The time is ap- proaching when the formation of a Western Australian section of the V.A.D. should be seriously considered. The idea was quietly but firmly knocked on the head at the beginning of the war. but our girls who could af- ford to go to England at their own ex- pense have done well there, and with the increasing numbera of x-rounded soldiers their work would pe oí value. Numbers of girls -have already quali- fied for ambulance and home nursing, and would -rillingly site their ser vices if they were organised.'' H*m, yes, but the British, authorities have unfeelingly said that they dont want "V"_A_I*.*s from Australia-in fact, they curtly observe that they don't require any,feminine immigrantB from Aus- tralia, unless they are "Tully qualified nurses. In fact it is broadly hinted that the simpering V.A_D. is a nuis- ance. The-attitude may be unrea- sonable, bnt how are yon going to overcome it? However, if the idea is merely to employ the VJLD.'s "within the State there are points in it The question whether Baron. Forrest will haxe a seat in the House of Lords all depends. If he is only a life peer, be won't That point was settled long ago. We glean from English consti- tutional history that the attempt in 1856 to re- introduce life peerages in the -*ereon of Sir James Parke, late one of the Barons of the Court of Ex- chequer, created Baron Wensleydale, "for and during the time of his na- tural "life," -was resisted by the Lords, who referred the patent to a Commit- tee of Privileges and agreed in accord- ance with the report of the committee "that neither the letters patent, nor the letters patent with the usual--writ of summons in pursuance thereof, ¿can entitle the patentee""» jot and vote in Parliament" In consequence of this decision a new patent ""was issued creating Lord -Wensleydale a heredi- tary peer of the realm. Idle peerages are created under the Appellate Juris- diction Act J»ut they'only have a seat, io the House oí "Lords while they hold their positions in the judiciary. When they vacate the bench they no longer sit in the Upper Chamber, though they retain their titles. The event of the week to many was the Strelitz sale. Coming to the West as young men, the Strelitz brothers, Richard and Paul, amassed consider- able property and entertained on a lavish scale. Richard built unto him- self a noble house in Peppermint Grove commanding an extensive view of the Swan, and furnished lavishly, not to say cosmopolitanly. The bed- room furniture was English, the piano German (it came from Weimar, fam- ous for Goethe and Schiller), the pianola American, and there were spe- cimens of French, Swiss and Portu- guese craftsmanship. There were Costly oil paintings and marble statues, and a French inlaid mahog- any writing table elicited many admir- ing "oh's" and "ah's." All Peppermint Grove and a numerous contingent from Perth and Fremantle were pre- sent at the sale, and substantial prices were realised, for good furniture is dear just now, and it is going to be dearer before the war is over. The Strelitzes, by the way, are both Ham- burgers. Paul married a Miss Con- way, and Richard a Miss Solomon, of Albany. Richard is a Knight of Swe- den and a Knight of Denmark. But Swedish and Danish Knighthoods cut no ice hereabouts, and it isn't a pass- port to popularity to be a Hamburger. Hamburgers are three a penny in these parts. \- A recently-wedded cleric baa now a gilt-lined nest, but her dearest friends say that wifie is not \\-ery generous to- wards him where pocket-money is concerned. A pretty miss who is engaged to a fellow in the firing line is often noted at picture shows with a man whose name Indicates that be Isn't allowed to enlist. Is it playing the game? A Perth business man who is j something in the silk and cotton line 1 is suing for divorce. The party named as co-respondent is a waiter. A com- mon or garden Greek fish-shop waiter. Mrs. Bignell, of Busselton, who re- cently underwent an operation in St John of God Hospital, has sufficiently recovered to return to her home. She left Perth by Thursda*. "s train, accom- panied by Miss B. Berry, of West Perth. Mrs. Gregory, xvife of Captain Gre- gory, of Broome, who has been spend- . ing the slimmer in Perth with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Villiers, has been compelled to enter a prixate hospital, where she has undergone a serious operation. _>.*..« The periodical quarrel is raging among the leaders of certain women's organisations regarding the Health BUL Ordinarily the dear ladies are the greatest of friends, but when they fall out they do the thing property. Niagara is nothing to it The second annual meeting of the W.A. Spinning Association, which will be held on Monday, March 26. at the rooms in A.M.P. Buildings, should be of special interest to all who have the provision of comforts for our men at heart All the different machines will be seen at work, and samples on view. The new wheels and metal attach- ments have made the art of spinning a pleasure. They are very light run- ning, and almost noiseless. New workers and members axe needed. The membership fee is only la per year, and sufficient wool will be Bold to a member to make two pairs of socks for sixpence. That lcve-Iorn middle-aged gentle- man of Irish extraction, whose unfor- tunate affaire d'amour with a girl of 20 has been before the public for some months, got a sympathetic hearing in the Criminal Court, In which his violent proceedings had landed bim. The Chief Justice elicited that the lady had not only turned the emo- tional gentleman doxvn, but had pawned the engagement ring. His Honor bound him ox-er to keep the peace-not the piece. "You have been unfortunate in your love affair," said the judge, "and are not a criminal in the ordinary sense. However, if you interfere with the girl in the future you will have to go to prison." There are several novel features of the "Craigmore" 16th-28th Battalion fete. One is a stall where tile din- kiest lingerie is all hand made and cal- eula ted to bring joy to women. The kiddies have a stall to themselves replete with the daintiest of garments. The Kitchen Stan, where one can j purchase all the needful attributes Of \ a useful kitchen, somewhat brings one [ to more mundane things. The Pro-, duee Stall is well equipped. The j \ Smokers' Stall will certainly meet with ¡ male approxal, and the Cake, Sweet, and Flower Stalls will repay interest i (and silver). The Merry Mohawks j [ will give a concert both evenings, and numerous side-shows will be there, all to get some comforts for the men of the 16th-28th Battalions. Don't forget |-15th and 16th March-at "Craig 1 more." Hax-eloek -street The Hackett mansion is to be turn- ed into a boarding hasher-.-. The bour- geoisie nil! inhabit it in Bats, and the' tialiroom will be converted into a mas- ticatory museum, where the inmates will feed. ! «. a* * Mrs. Officer has returned home after , an enjox-able three months in the Eas- tern States. She travelled both ways , by rail, and was accompanied on the return trip by Dr. Officer's sister, xx ho 1 will make a lengthy stay in Perth. I Returned recently In charge of a I batch of wounded on a hospital ship, ! Capt. H. E. Wells, formerly Ma;, or of Collie, who left here with the Forty 1 Fourth in June, 1916. and is spending a short leave in the coal town. His nephew, the late Lieut Arthur Carse, of Victoria Park, was killed at Gal- lipoli. The friends of Sergeant Frank ("Snowy") Schober, of First-ax-enue, Mt. Lawley, will be pleased to learn that he has added turther distinction to his Military Medal by gaining the D.C.M. for valor at the Iront In France. Sergeant Schryx- er is well known in amateur swimming and cycling cir- cles, and'xvas the West Australian re- presentative in 1912 in the King's Cup Life-saving and Swimming Exhibition in London, gaining second place. He enlisted in 1914. A South Perth roan removed his pen from his ear, stepped from his desk, and prepared to enjoy his annual leave. Bat the wife says a change is as good as a rest, so he spends his holiday in his rural home, washing, cooking, and scrubbing and spanking the three bairns whilst his partner is having a three- weeks' holiday in Albany, where her musical talents-which she has* no time to Indulge at home-are much appreciated. She writes that she is thoroughly enjoying her stay, and that she hopes he is keeping the bouse nice and not neglecting the babies. If only one of the family can hax'e a holiday it certainly should be the weaker vessel, "and that's me," she declares. "There is a girl here at present" writes the Melbourne correspondent of the Adelaide "Observer," "who has raised any amount of money by mak- ing chenille hats. They hax-e become quite a xogue for motoring, being everything that is required for motor wear-small, light comfortable and smart They are crocheted in chenille of any color, in a small round shape with a brim, or made tam-o'-shanter fashion. With a ninon veil to match they are just the thing for motoring. Another idea for raising money is an invention of a girl who sells for six- pence the secret of how to lace a shoe and finish it off firmly without bow or tags. You merely see the neatly laced I shoe and not a trace of the end of the laces or Oe. It»is frightfully, neat and , quite simple when one knows how it is I done-" «a« +. -_ There are 75,000 young women work- ing for their living in Sydney. Most of them chew gum and talk American slang. "The latest dex-elopment" ac- cording to the Sydney "Sun," "is the 'Sammy* hat which is certainly most becoming. This trend of Dame Fash- ion's is not to be deplored, as none can deny the charm of the simple Urie frock and plain straw hat which are now almost unix- ersalîy worn. How- ever, Miss Sydney lias far to travel be- fore she reaches the standard of Miss America in -this respect, because the lady of the-Stars and Stripes alix ays dresses the part-whereas*Miss Syd- ney generally over- dresses! In the summer time visitors are generally impressed by the pretty frocks tliat the Sydney girls wear, xthicb are fin- ished off with" dainty xvhite shoes, a becoming hat, and the inexitalrte Peggy-bag. These indispensable ne- cessaries, which sec-m to grow larger ex cry day, are beginning to rix al the small portmanteau in si?e. Then there is the shirt- ai:d-skirt brigade. These girls look quite neat, a.id, incidentally, they don't have half the ****fx.ndry ] bothers the tub-frock girl has to con- tend with. Economy is one of the rea- sons the majority give, and doubtless, hax-ing to face her o\'.-n washing and ironing, does make the average damsel think ttvice before choosing a tub frock. Sydney is such a dirty city, too, that the sway of the smuts affects the choice of clothes also. In colder climes the girls present a much smarter appearance, simply because of the fact that climatic conditions make it possible for coats and skirts to be tremendously worn. Also, the com- plexions of the girls (because of the climate) are worn au naturel, and this fact makes for a better general effect Many admirers as Miss Sydney does possess, they one and all agree that the rouge-pot and powder-puff, are used to excess." ^^^^^ A Tork engagement .that will In- terest many is that «f Grace Marwick, daughter, of Mr." Warren Marwick. JJ», to Gordon Fisher, son of Mr. S. Fisher. The engagement is announced of El- sie Melville Gribble, youngest daugh- ter of Mr. and Mrs. James Gribble, of Albany, to Mr. J. S. Barnes, only son of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Barnes, of "The Lakes," Chidlow's Well. Papa Gribble is the champion sweet-pea cultivator at the southern port. Among those who hare recently re- j turned from Albany,are Mr. and "Mrs. George Parker, of the Terrace; Mr. A. ' W. Lee: Mr. T. E. Robinson, of the Water Supply Department; Mrs. Blanch, of Fremantle, and her two wee sons; Mrs. Stern and daughter; Miss C. Langoulant and Mr. and Mrs. Ford, of Geraldton. ? » ' » | Mrs. "Pariser has received word that Bombardier Jim Parker has been wounded after over three years' acttx-e ' service. An old boy of the Christian j Brothers' College, prior to enlisting he -Was in the Perth Audit Department H« is the only brother of Mrs. Haydon, of Pingelly, and Kurse Parker, of the Children's Hospital, and is well known at Queen's Park. "From Albany: A sweet young thing staying at Albany for a holiday was given a lecture on the wonders of the sea by such a dear kind old gentleman. A few days later a bouquet of dowers waa deposited on the front door step of her house with a note en- closed proposing marriage and a meet on the Middleton Beach on Sunday af- ternoon. The flowers were tossed into the roadway, and they were there when the dear old gentleman came along. He looked at them, turned them over, and sighed heavily. Then toe trotted along to meet-his wife! Two fine young -West Australians who have done their bit in the war are the Kenny boys, Majors Joe and Jack. When the war broke out they xx-ere among the earliest to x-olunteer for service, and during the last three years they have experienced strenuous times at the front Major Joe, who is a xeritable iron man. is still on deck. His brother, however, is on his way home, having suffered a "severe break- down. Last year he was discharged as unfit for service, but on the return .journey, seeing the shortage of medi- cal men, he again enlisted for Egypt in the Camel Corps. For a second time the gallant young officer has re- ceived his discharge. A Cottesloe ladx mother of a large family, ranging from the daughter of marriageable age to the daintv miss of three summers, has a great antipathy to haxing her children kisted bj all and sunarx She lias taught the wee miss to refuse such tokens of affection, an offered kiss Taerag declined with the remark, Scuse me, I only allon ed to kiss m> own lamil} " Recently the little one found her »ay to a secluded nook on the verandah, where, screened by palms and hanging baskets the groxvn-up bister xvas entertaining her xery best soldier So engrossed were the two that they exidentlj heeded not the babi girl, -\ho presently went rushing into her mother, say ing * Oh, mumsie, I never knowed 'tenant was one of this family-" Mother smiled, for she is of*o--inion that the lieutenant ' quite xnlling to enter the family circle at the earliest date. The W A. 005 s from the front who came back last week and landed at Albany had the time of their liles. The Albanians treated them royalli, feted them, and fed thora, a-d-les, loxed them On the -wa-, to Perth the people at the x arious towns turned out in hundred ard vied in x*.e!coming the heroes home \t Mt Barker the schcol children lined the pla" form and loaded the soldiers xxith fruit and flowers At ls^tanni*ig there xxas a *it- xx no xx aited on the happy guests and made them fepl there xxas no place like the TVefct At Wagin Narrogin Torn, and xx herex er the train stopped fruit 1 and Poxvers were heaped into the ca riages until there xxas an embarrass- ment of good thing*; Fed up," said one of the lids, "»e were fed up-but in the right way It made ap for a lot of the straf ng over there ' It's not all danger and hardship in ? France. Sometimes the boys are al atlowed to spend their leave in Paris, and then things happen. "Next lime I go on a joy jaunt,*' xrcrites Gunner Rienzi Deacon, who hails from Gerald- ton, "Fll get a Sunday school teacher , to lead me around by the hand. I saw , some good shows in Paris. In one " there xx-as a girl on a swing. She I swung out over the audience, and if j you grabbed her shoe you drew a prize of some kind. I thought I would have a go at it and wish 1 hadn't I stood on a chair, and when she got right over bead I made an unholy spring and grabbed her by the leg, and I swung ox-er about four roxxs of cliairs and upset the lot The result was that I had to spend about a half-hour say- ing "Pardon, monsieur" and "Merci boko" to about a hundred wild French- men; and to top it all, when I caine back it took me three days to find my unit" From which it is to lie in- ferred that the gunner had a reason- ably good time. When the Maternity Allowance Act was introduced by a thoughtful Labor Government on the ex-e of a general elec- tion a brutal Opposition member de- scribed it as "giving the women a fiver for their votes." However this may be, it seems that the Act is systemati- cally abused, and that many women get bonuses to which they are not en- titled. A case of the kind was dealt with in the Criminal Court the other day. The culprit was a Fremantle widow, mother of several children, and ehe claimed the £5 in respect of a child found by the authorities in her house on January 30, and said by her to be the progeny of a tea-room glrL Later on she asserted that she herself was the mother of the child, but the worldly-wise authorities took the pre- caution to interview the ladies of the neighborhood, who replied that it was IMPOSSIBLE. In the «-meantime the rea! mother had put in a claim and been paid the money, so the fat was in the fire. The judge awarded the wrongful claimant a month's impri- sonment Kot much is beard of our local policewomen (or women police), ex- cept when they are tracking-some for- tune-teller to her lair. Perth has only two of them, but Adelaide has fixe. They meet the trains and the boats, patrol the parks and the beaches, and act generally as censores monita to flighty flappers. "And what do you do when you arrest them?" asked a "Mail" reporter. "Take them home to their mothers," was the reply. But the .spoony couples strongly ^object to this constabulary work in the parks. One night some of the women patrols seeking a brief rest after a weari- some walk, sought a respite in a public reserx-e. Evidently they were known to the youthful habitues, who failed to appreciate their presence. "There are narks in heaven," said one of the youths sarcastically. "'Oh, yes," said another, "but It'll be better to- mor- row." The police ladies complain that the motor car is a menace to morale. 'It is a great attraction to the girls," said one of them. "They are keen on a ride, and they go, not caring much what might happen to them. The trouble is we bave nothing to com- bat that We often see girls go off, and some of them merely laugh at us. Weat we want is a motor car, so that we can drive after them when we know they are in wrong company, and rescue them from their peril." Wes- tern trippers will lie interested to hear that the police ladies are always on the lookout for levanting couples from this State. The "Mail" reporter had a chat with one-who had just returned from a x-isit to the Dimboola. "On an average," she confided, "four wives a day complain about their husbands. Sometimes they hear the men are get- ting giddy with young girls, and they are anxious for us to make inquiries. Others protest that their husbands are neglecting to maintain them. I can tell you some men would be sur- prised if they only knew what we know about them," she concluded. Oh, the men, the men! The Ladies' Seétíon CONTINUED Beith Ptàtàe Çq-tiBQ* Mrs. Hitch, of "Victoria Park East, tías been notified by her son, Lieut. H. V. Hitch, recently reported dan- gerously wounded, who is in the ""Em- pire Hospital, London, that he has re- ceived ¡orders to be ready to leave for Western Australia at any time. Lient. Hitch, who bas been away for 3} years, was the first man to enlist from the Perth National Bank. Major-Gene- ral M'Lagan, C-B., D.S.O., commanding the Fourth Australian Division, recent- ly -sent his congratulations to the lieu- tenant for his gallant work and splen- did example near Zonnebeke in Sep- tember and October last - "-Visitors at the State Ilostel, Rott- nest:-Mr. and Mrs. Canning and Miss Roma Canning: Mr. and Mrs.-Manard, Mr. and Mrs. T. Church, two children, and maid: Mrs. Pilmer. Miss Thorn, Miss Montgomery, Mr. and and . Mrs. Arthur, Mr. and Mrs. Brunsden and itaster -Ken. Brunsden, Mr. F. Colman, Mr. and Mrs.. Niblet Mrs. Fearby, Mrs. .Levi, "-Miss Levi, Mr. Jacoby, Mrs, Ar gyle. Miss Bromilow, Mr. and Mrs.. Pibris, Mrs. Kidd, Master Roy Kidd, Ml&s; Ivy Robots, Miss Francis Ellis. Mr. Press, Miss Press, Mr. Barns, .Mrs. .Dean. Mr. Boa!. Mr. E. JacJ-a, "Mr. and Mrs. .Bennett, Mr. and "Mrs. "Smith and Master Smith. "From the Catholic Women's Asso- ciation Club Rooms. Oxford-street Darlinghurst,** says the Sydney "Sun," "a wedding took place on February 3, the ceremony being performed at the Sacred Heart Church, the Rev. Father Rafferty uniting Mr. John" Briscoe Watts. sod of Colonel and Mrs. J. R. Watts, How. Sussex, England, and Miss Josephine Theresa Corless, youngest daughter of the late Mr. James Corless and Mrs. Corless, Mel- bourne. Miss EStt}' Langtry- Hocter attended as bridesmaid. Mrs. Langtry Hocter -entertained the guests subse 1" quently at her residence. Bonall Mr. and Mrs. Briscoe-Watts will reside In Sydney." The bride and Mrs. Langtry Hocter are both well known in Perth. Another story of a dear old lady told by an exchange:-She had a pet cat, which died. She was heart- broken, of. course, and rang tip some friends to know if she might bring ont the corpse for interment in their gar- den in the suburbs. The kindly people willingly gave the desh-ed permission, so the old lady wrapped poor pussy up into a neat brown "paper parcel, .and sallied forth. At the railway sta- tion she encountered a formidable flight of stairs, so she was touehed j and gratified when a nice young man offered to carry her cumbersome par- cel. The young man took the parcel and climbed quickly up the stairs and disappeared! The poor old lady was moat distressed at losing her pet*s re- mains in this manner, but her distress < was nothing like that of the kind j young man when he opened the delec- i table package and viewed his prize. 1 We hâve received at this office from ! Mrs. A. E. Sing. Newcastle-road, Mid- dle Swan, a number of postcards from soldiers in France. Mrs. Sing states that they are not meant for her, but have evidently been put in the wrong envelope by the censor. She has there- fore forwarded the cards to us in the hope that vre will be able to find the right owners. There is very little to go on, the cards being merely signed ..Dad" and "your lox-ing husband, Harry," -and briefly addressed to the following people:-Lily, Lizzie, Hor- . ace. Maude, Kitty, Reggie, and Gladys. Two other cards also, came to Mrs. Sing in mistake. One commences i "Dear Mary," and concludes "Good- bye, my little giri. From Daddy;*' and the other, starting with "Dear Tot" and ending x-rith something like "Mort" as the signature. If the ¿copie to whom these cards belong call at this office we shall be pleased to hand them over. Mrs. Sing's cards shonld have ¡ borne the signature A. C. Arthurs, and ¡ she **TOuld be pleased If the person who got them by mistake would kindly for- ward them along to her. Apropos of Australian soldiers i marrying Scotch and English girls *_" vrrites:-"Met a -man recently in a fair position. His salary is £210 and his income from other sources 4s another .£160 per annnm; he're- marked that he couldn't get a girl. They all want to hire motor cars at £7 per day,' he complained. I sug gested that his £810 would be better In his own pocket but then I'm a married man, and may not be con- . versant with the 'girl-market' in its most recent phases. Anyway, the girl I married had a little sense (she has a lot now), and watched her early ex- penditures. 'Her tastes are not ex trax-agant, and we started in a small way. Spot cash for everything and no time payment furniture. What we had ? was ours. Then things started to im- prove. To-day my income is £500 "from all sources, though my salary is still small, and yesterday (her birth- day) 1 told her that there was a -SO bonus for -her. Incidentally I may mention that her allowance is better per week than that of any other mar- ried woman she knows of, bar one. We still remain careful, -and instead of having.80 motor rides at £8 each we anticipate buying A small car as soon as petrol «eta -cheaper. The cash is waiting. It is invested in a good security, and can be released at amy tbme.reqtiired for the chug-chug. Hare our Australian girts sense enough to follow suit'? Be it known to them that the expenditure of capital permits it to be enjoyed ance only, the expendí-' ture of the interest during the average lifetime between 20 and 60 years will permit the expenditure of an amount equal to the capital about three times over. There then remains the capital for old age or for the children, which will give them a better start in life than all the good wishes and verbal spasms which the child of the future will receive in tbe majority of cases as his sole inheritance." An Interest- ing letter, but let our correspondent get ready for the tons of bricks about to descend (metaphorically speaking) upon his devoted head. From Kalgoorlie: "Mr. A. V. Kewney, secretary of the Kalgoorlie Racing dub, has gone East "Mr. and Mrs. Harry Garde baxe sold up their lares and penates on the goldfields, and have gone to the East "Lieut Aubrey Crawley, formerly of the Mines Department has been killed In action in France. Deceased was a son of Mrs. M. Crawley, of Boulder, and brother of Airs. Chester, of Boul- der. "Miss Grace "Finlay, formerly of Kal- goorlie, has loined The Merrymakers in Perth. Miss Gracie bas a beautiful mezzo-contralto voice, but could not be Induced to appear in publie while in Kalgoorlie. "Miss Bessie Hamilton has gone East to spend a holiday xx-ith her grand mother. "One misses from the goldfields landscapes these days the figure of J. J. Dwyer, for many years Kal goorlie's leading photographer. J. J. has gone down to his farm, like maní- an old goldfielder. So whom a rural life makes a strong appeal after some years in Ibis climate and surroundings. J. J.-is*a pioneer on the fields, hax-ing been here since the x-en- early days, when Ardross Chambers/ now let .as bedrooms, xras used as the sumptuous offices of sharelirokers. company pro- moters, end wild cat zoologists. "Walter Davidson, son of ex-Mayor Davidson, has a mechanical talent that promises to prove commercial profit- able. Has invented a device for filling bottles with thick liquids, such as to- mato sauce, etc, and it has proved such an advance on the old funnel and dipper idea that a number of factories have taken it up and installed it. Has also patented a motor wheel that is not only non-puncturable but does away altogether with the necessity for pneumatic tires. Walter went to America a few years ago, and after two and a half years in the States brought back a channing Yankee wife, and a considerable amount of experi esce." 