NEWS AND NEWS CALENDAR NOTES April 12-19, 1918— Nisaa30-Iyar7, 5678 Speaking at the annual meeting of tile Union of Hebrews and Religion Classes recently, the Chief Rabbi said:— The Jewish Community had been famous for the manner in which it provided for the material wants of its people; it was note rious for its neglect of the spiritual re quirements of its poor and its rich. The question was a vital one ,and, unless they . made . immediate ettorts to meet it, their days as Jews were numbered. An Ame rican Reform Rabbi, addressing a huge Sunday morning congregation, .had' said that he was speaking not to a congrega tion, -b^ to a Beth Chayim. He (Dr.. Hertz) had believed that to be an exag geration, not in the best of taste. With infinite regret he had come to realise, after his work in the metropolis 'and in the provinces, -that it was not an exag geration at all, but the grimmest truth. Neglect was rampant.' o o o i The Council of Professors of the Odes sa University, has just rejected three Jew ish candidates for the post of professors, namely, MM. Cohen, Bardach and Shatu novsky. When the municipality heard of the rebuff to these able scholars, and es pecially when it ascertained the antisemi tic grounds for their rejection, it passed a strong resolution condemning the action of the professors and expressing sympathy with the Jews. no The famous , Russian Jewish family Gunzburg, many members of which are now in Japan;- petitioned the Government of Denmark to permit them to settle there. The request was not granted by the Danish, authorities. The reason given that the in flux of a large number of Russian JewisV immigrants had already caused much hardships to the Danish people, because of the rise in the cost of living will hard iy apply to the case in question, since the family Gunzburg is one of the wealthiest families in Russia. o o o , o A committee of Jewish refugees from Palestine, who, as French subjects, have found an asylum in Corsica,- lately sent a telegram to King George congrat ulating him on the, capture of Jerusalem by the British troop's. They have received a reply, which concludes with the follow ing statement: — 'In the vast possessions of our Sover eign, the adherents to your ancient re ligion, the most ancient in the world, dwell in peace and security, and in the. /Imperial British forces there are .thou sands of Jews who fight side by side against the great eneuiy of liberty. Hence it is with profound joy that His Majesty acknowledges to you the receipt of your congratulations, and I have just received from the Sovereign instructions to thank you for your touching message, which has been much appreciated by His Majesty, the King.' ? , ? : , O O O O v The following deaths recorded in the Anglo- Jewish Press are, by request, reported in the ' ' Hebrew Standard ' ' :— ; Lewis Cohen, 11 Torbay-road, Willes den-lane, on January 2nd, in his 80th year Hermann Hertzberg, J.P/. (Queensland), of 31 Mowbray-road, Brondesbury, on 28tH December, 1917, aged 53. Harry Tobias, at Ramsgate, on Decem ber. 30th, 1917, aged 33; brother of Mr Sam-Tobias.: .;, ?-;?. Private Victor Mprdeeai: Mendoza, A.O.C.,cof pneumonia, in Salonika, on De cember 11th, 1917, in his-27th-ear. o o o o Owing to the Wheat Conservation rules iioav in force in the United States, the Jews will this year be obliged to observe Passover with a supply of Matzoth re duced by at least 30 per cent. ? O ?.-'?' O O ^ During the Convention of the English Zionist Federation, which was held ' in London a few weeks ago, it was decided to collect the sum of £40,000 to defray the expenses of the commission which 'is to leave London for Palestine. About £15, 000 was already pledged in the course of a few days. ' Dr. Weitzman was re- elected chairman of the Convention. .M. -Sokolov was not present, as he was away in Paris on' ,aa important mission in connection witJuth'e restoration of Palestine. , _ ,' * ' v ? ';It was reported from Odessa .th'at,' the Zionists ' there undertook to collect j.the ?spin '.of* a million roubles with- which to establish' a communistic colony in Pal-' estine, in honor of England's declaration. Rabbi Cohen is in receipt of a letter from the Jewish Internees at the Holdsworthy Con centration Camp, expressing sincere thanks for a supply of moczo, meat and wine;provid8& by the Board of Mabagement of the Great Synagogue throughout Passover, as well as for tin Rabbi's personal attention to their re quirements. A like policy of meeting the religious needs of Jewifeh internees is followed in India and Burma. A Report on British Prison- Camps in those territories, issued by the International Red Cross Committee states, in part :' — ' The Jewish Commuuity sent cheese iand other foodstuffs for the observance of the Jewish Passover.' ' v O , O O. ; Six applications for loans . to a total, of £130 were considered at the monthly meeting the Jewish Aid Soeietyijlast Monday. Five were granted and one deferred pending in* vestigation. , t o o o o Subscribers to the Hebrew Ladies Matsr nity and Benevolent Society are asked to note that the present Hon, Secretary is Mrs H. -I. Wolff, 33 Park road, Paddington. o o o o Mr Harris Eizenberg, Ridge st.,Moore Park, is an inmate at Prince Alfred Hospital, where he is being treated for an injured foot necess itating the amputation of a toe. . o . o o ? Mr Alfred Shackel J.P., was selecfceJ to attend the fifth annual conference of the Chambers of Commerce, N.S.W., held on April 4th, \n the dual capacity as representa tive of both the Country Traders' Association, N-.8.W, and the Country Section of tba ' Sydney Chamber of Commerce. o o o o A consecration of tombstones will takeplace at Rookwood Cemetery next Sunday, 14th., inst., on arrival of the Funeral train leaving the Mortuary Station at 2.25 p.m. Friends and relatives are asked to assemble at the Mortuary Chapel where the service will be held prior to visiting the graves. Following is a list of the departed in whose memory stones have been recently erected : — Harry J. Samuell, Sydney S.Jewell (inscrip Bate : Pentaieucf prophet « Sabbath yTip^'ITn April IS Lev.xii.l and Is,lXvi.i Rosh Hodosh Num xxviii.9 tion), Clifford Richard (inscription) Percy Samuels, Barnett; Phillips, Joseph Mandelson, Abraham B. Pyke, Aaron Barnett, Isaac and Elizabeth Levy, Maurice Lazarus, Harry P. Cohen, David Zavelsky, Simeon Emanuel, Moss Joshua, Morris Green, Elky H. Freed man, Julia Moss (inscription), Fannie Wein gott, Dinah Tartakover (inscription), Marie Lipman (inscription) Fannie Davis, Bertha Benjamin, Sarah Abrahams, Alice Green, Bertha Goldstein Caroline Richardson, Isabella Davis, Fanny Lebovich, Alice L. Rosenberg, Deborah Cohen. o o o o The engagement is announced of Dinah, second daughter of Mr and Mrs Jacob Glass, of Bulli, South Coast, to Mr Mark Levy, of North Sydney, son of Mr and Mrs S. Levy of South Tottenham, London. o o o o Mr and Mrs G. Benjamin of Rockdale, have been informed that their son, Corporal E. Benjamin, has been mentioned in the routine orders of his battalion for good work done by him. Corporal Benjamin is en active service in France o o o o Mrs F. L. Cohen asks for new members to the Jewish Women's Clothing Association. The gift of two new articles of apparel for distribution among the poor is the sole quali fication for membership. ^Parcels may be addressed to Mrs Cohen at Synagogue Cham bers, 166 Castlereagh st., before 30th. inst. a O O O The Passover services at; the Newtown ' Synagogue were well attended. Rev A. T. ' Chodoweki and Mr M . Levy officiated.and the former delivered sermons on the first, second and seventh days of the festival1 On Saturday last, Master Morris Lewis, son ' of Mr S. Lewis of Glebe Point, efficiently read his Barmitzvah portion and was addressed by Rev Chodowski. o o o o An excellent panoramic view of Jerusalem, fs to be had free on application to the Orient Steamship Company, Spring st., City. o o o o Mrs Ben Israel of Fiji, is on a visit to ? Sydn6y- o o\ , 6 Mr Harry Wei nberg, of ! 8 King street, passed away suddenly at his home on Wed nesday last, aged 56. Deceased, who for many years1 held office in the Conqueror Lodge U.A.O.D., is survived by his wife and a large family. o o o o 1 The Y.M.C.A. has invited the Young Men's Hebrew Association to visit their building on 10th inst. The party will sub sequently be entertained. The Y.M.H.A. will hold a dance at Leigh House on Lag B' Om'er, April 29th. ' 