The Fool Comes Home 1 to Roost. Apparently another lialf-millio pounds' worth of Westralia's good jrtbs -will eat their heads off in peace t¥is year, says the Bulletin. That is ovhat the Wyndham meatworks cost TT'he Government has offered 3s 6d per head for slaving the bullock ; the tnan who earned .over £8 a week to «ret as much as he earned and the man who earned less to get £8 any how. Working hours were to be 44 per week, and the bullock slain in overtime was to be worth 5s 3d. Rates for inferior artisans were to be £1 per day, £5 p«r week, and tbe boys £3 per week, with 50 per cent extra for overtime. Also there were to be free passages to Wyndham and tnxck, ; and half-pay during the voyage. After three weeks negotia tion the unions declined the terms, so the bullock won't be tinned at Wyndham this year nnless : the question can be re-opened, and 500 employees won't be employees jus at present. The canned ox is mostly for ex port, and it costs a lot to get him to the market, paying war freights on some other fellow's ship, and when he reaches the market we have no voice in fixing the price. The works cost only the interest while they hre shut. If opening them would mean a dead loss on top of the interest bill, then a Government which is desperately short of money has to think twice before assassinat ing a beast once Westralia bas gone in heavily for miscellaneous public works. Railways, tramwayp, and waterworks stand for little more than half of the largest public debt per head on earth. The rest is sewers, immigration, lighthouses, harbours and rivers, roads, bridges, development of agriculture (nearly £4,000.000 apart trom the land revenues went in persuading a little over 2,000.000 acres of soil to grown things), development of goldfields (even the magnificent gold deposits were buttressed with £1,400,000 of borrowed iponey in the razzle- dazzle days, which was a case of subsidising the sovereign and half- sovereign out of loans); hotels, worker's homes, ("540.000 or so), sawmills, meatworks, agricultural- implement works, qnarrie, brick yards, etc. The easy going habit of mind caused. bv having almost unlimited loan uionpv to spend ledeasy-going politicians to pay the highest current wages — and the loan boom had made them th" highest in Australia — with ' a trifle over to make its employees feel good on election day. Now the news had to be broken to a bigger percentage of the com munity than in most other States that the most wonderful loan bottle in history has raqlry,that it is only possible to pay wages based on the value of .production, and that State employees will have to feel good for nothing on election day or else feel bad gratis. The position re quires a lot of adjustment. And considering how Westralian poli ticians have run the State on the rocks they require a great, gift of explanation. The best they can say abnnt themselves is that they were voluble fools. The worst they can say is that they were plausible knaves. A veteran athlete of 51 years of age, Lieut. J. F Muller, of Danish Army, accomplished a remarkable feat at London the other week, succeeding at his seccond attempt in his self-imposed feat of walking half a mile, running half a mile, cycling half a mile, sculling half a miie, paddling half a mile, and swimming half a mile inside half an hour. His total time for the complete distance of three miles w--:s 29min 19 2 5sec. Tbe order of the various half-miles with their times, was : — Cycling, Imin. 58 1-5 sec. ; running, 5 min. 8 l-5sec. t walking, 10 min. 46 2-5sec. , padd ling, 16min l-5sec. ; scolli-'- "Omin 23 l-Ssec. ; and swimming, 2.« min. 19 2-5 sec, The net tinif takm for each half-mile was : -Cye'mg, 1 min, 58 1-5 sec ; rnnn;«», ? nin 10 sec ; walking 5m'o 38 I 5 sec ; sculling, 4min, 7-.ee. : peddling. 5min. 20 4-5sec. ; and »\vimming, Srnin 56 l-5.sac. 