B-ishop Radford and Mr, Storey TEHD KAISER AND ALSAC-LOllltINE. Bishop liadford roties as follows in the Sys' ney press to Mr. David Storey, M.L.A.: Sir,-Mr. David Stbrey, M.L.A., is reported in your issue of to-day as having fallen fiercely upopen certain remarks ofamine on the two sub jects of the Kaiser and Alsace-Lorraine. His reckless language Is based on an entire misun dors?tanding of what I said and thie connection in which it was said. Mr. Storey is a suf ficiently bid parliamentary hand to know how misleading a fragmentary report may be, and to refrain from abusing as "maudlin senti moent" a plea for justice as against vengeance. My lecture is to be published shortly. MIean while will you kindly permit me to repudiate the position attributed to me'by a Minister of the Crown in the course of his address of wel come to Queensland bowlers at Randwick? (1),IFirst, with regard to the Kaiser. Need less to say, I am no less keenly insistent than Mr. Storey on the Kaiser being brought to justice. I repudiate indignantly the sugges ton that I have been "defending or making en cseos for the worst character that ever trod the earth.'f Justice requires retribution. But here is the difficulty. TIhe human instruments of justice are confronted by a problem without precedent. Any element of injustice in their action at this crisis will reap its own retri button in days to come. My reference to the Kaiser was an incidental illustration of the main thought of my address on "Peace Prob lems of European Nationalism," viz., that these problems are far more difficult and com plex than seems to be realised by many popu lar thinkers and leadeors. So, too, is the prob lem of the Kaiser. And I suggested, without posing for a moment as "an authority on Bri tish' criminal jurisprudence," that British law itself recognises degrees of criminality in homi cide. There is the scaffold for murder and penal servitudo for manslaughter. There are, of course, conceivable cases of manslaughter which are morally fare more criminal than cases of murder. My own difficulty in the Kaiser's cnase is that on the one hand I feel that the clamunour for the hanging or the shooting of the Kaiser often -sounds a note of vengeance rather than justice; while on the other hand I feel that if the Kaiser is to be made to realise his criminality penal servitude for life is . punishment that fits the crime far better than execution, and is perhaps even more impres sive in the eyes of the world. I am' quite content to trust an international tribunal re presentative of the organised conscience and bal anced judgment of humanity. It will deal with the Kaiser along with the scores of other moral criminals who share his guilt; but the very number of them and the different kinds and degrees of guillt in which tlhey are involved bring into strong relief the necessity of keeping justico clear of all "maudlin sentiment," who thor of sympathy or vengeance. (2) With regard to Alsach-Lorraine, it is simp ly not true to chlarge me with saying thlat I wes "not satisfied with the proposal to hand Alsace Lorraine back o France." What I did say, and stil say, is that in dealing with "the recti ication of the frontiers" of the German Em pire we must not think that it is simply a ques tion of reversal of conquesto. Denmark was deprived of Schleswig-Holsteoin and France of Alsace-Lorraine. But tle Peace Cenference has no mandate to make any or every enemy give back everything that they have ever taken. Its mandate is to vindicate the principle of na tionality as the basis of the organisation of European and other States, and so secure the peace of the future by doing justice to oppres sed or severed peoples. The one right and safe principle is to give expression and satisfaction oeverywhere to the spirit of ntationality. In the long run there is only one way, and that is to let the people decide their own destiny by their osen choice. In any case, by one method ,r another, tie principle of nationality must be vindicated all round. Denmark, for example, may claim Schleswig-Holstein. But Holstein is as predominantly Genrmann as Schleswig :s Danish. Justice to German nationality will prolbably require that the southern part at least of Holstein should be left to Germany. The peril of the Kidl Canal, which lies across Hal stein, must not tempt us to place a German community under Danish rule. The Kiel Canal peril must he removed in some other way by internistionalising its control and neutralis ing its use. The ease of Alsace-Lorraino is different. There is no doubt there of tihe intensely French sym pathics of thie overwhelming bulk of the popu lation. The 1,500,000 natives, whether German or French originally by race, are French in spirit. But there are 100,000 German" immi grants. There are parts of the double pro vinco where ai local vote might go for Germany. Strict justice requires us to recognise that even the problem of Alsace-Lorraine is so difficelt that the International Peace Conference at Gen eva in 1881 was almost equaltly balanced between the proposal to restore the two provinces to France and the proposal to constitute them an independent and neutral State. Arnold Toyn bee, in his book on "'Nationality and the War," suggests separate referendums in different parts of the provinces. This suggestion .spells dis integration into districts attachled li France and Germany raspectively, bounded by unwork able frontiers, and crdssed by railway systems whlich cannot be rest under dual or divided con trol. My own suggestion would be an in Fernational proteetorato for a file, and thlen a gonoraf referendum of the whole population still residing in the provinces. Of thle roe suli of such a referendum there would be no doubt. .Probahbly, however, Allied sympathy with France will assign the provinces at once to France, and of course we can trust France to deal justly and generously with the civil and Iuman rights of the patches of Germanism therdin included. But the keenest' sympathy with France must not blind us to the fact that what the Peace Conference has to do is not simply to right a past wrong by reversing the annexation of 1871, but to vindicate the principle of nationality so completely in Alsace Lorraine that no festrlerg sore of unsatisfied na tionalism shlell remain to imperil tle future peace of Europe. The aim of the Peace Con foerence must be not revenge, but justice. And some of us must insist on this principle .being kept in sight at every point of the complex world-situation, even if it means that we are liable to be misunderstood and misrepresented. 