Hie Fool Comes Home to Roost. Apparently another half-millio ponds' worth <f Westralia's good jofcs will eat their heads off in peace fins year, says the Bulletin. That is What the Wyndham meatworks cost The Government has offered 3s 6d per bead for slaying the bullock ; the nnan who earned over £8 a week to s;et as much as he earned and the man who earned less to get £8 any how. Working hours were to be 44 per week, and the bollock slain in overtime was to be worth 5s 3d. Rates for inferior artisans were to be £1 per day, £5 p»r week, and the boys £3 per week, with 50 per cent extra for overtime. Also there were to be free passages to Wyndham and back, : and half-pay during the voyage. After three weeks negotia tion the anions declined the terms, wo the hnllock won't be tinned at Wyndham this year unless, the question can be re-opened, and 500 employees won't be employees jus- at present. The canned ox is mostly for ex port, and it costs a lot to get him to the market, paying war freights on some other fellow's ship, and when he reaches the market we have no voice in fixing the price. The works cost only the interest while they are shut. If opening them wonld mean a dead loss on top of the interest bill, then a Government which is desperately short of money has to think twice before assassinat ing a beast once Westralia has gone in heavily for miscellaneous public works. Railways, tramways and waterworks stand for little more than half of the largest public debt per bead on earth. The rest is sewers, immigration, lighthouses, harbours and rivers, roads, bridges, development of agriculture (nearly £4.000.000 apart rrom tbe land revennes went in persuading a little over 2,000.000 acres of soil to grown things), development of goldfields (even the magnificent gold deposits were buttressed with £1,400.000 of borrowed money in the razzle- dazzle days, which was a case of subsidising tbe sovereign and half- sovereign out of loans), hotels, worker's homes, (£"540.000 or so), sawmills, meatworks. agricultnral- implement works, quarrie, brick yards, etc. The easy going habit of mind caused W having almost unlimited loan moncr to spend led -easy-going- politicians to pay the highest enreent wages — and tbe loan boom had made them the highest in Australia — with ' a trifle over to make its employees feel good on election day. Now the news had to be broken to a bigger percentage of the com - mnnity than in most other Spates that the most wonderful loan bottle in history has ruqdry.tbat it is only possible to pay wages based on the value of production, and that State employees will have to feel good for nothing on election day or else feel bad gratis. Tbe position re quires a lot of adjustment. And considering how Westralian poli ticians have rati the State on the rocks they require a great- gift of explanation. The best they can say a hunt themselves is that they were voluble fools. The worst they can say is that they were plausible kuaves. A veteran athlete of 51 years of age, Lieut. J. F Muller, of Danish Army, accomplished a remarkable feat at London the other week, succeeding at his seccond attempt in his self-imposed feat of walking half a mile, running half a mile, cycling half a mile, sculling half a miie, paddling half a mile, and swimming half a mile inside half an hour. His total time for tbe complete distance of three mile? W---H 29min 19 2 5sec. The order of the various half-miles with thir times, was : — Cycling, Imin. 58 1-5 sec. ; running, 5 min. 8 l-5s>ec. : walking. 10 min. 46 2-5-ec. , padd ling, 16min l-5see. ; senilis - '"Imin 23 l-5sec. ; and swimming, 2 .» min.. 19 2-5 sec. The net time taken fn;/ each half-mile was : - Cyc'iitg, 1 min, 58 1-5 eec ; rnnivi". ? nin 10 sec ; walking 5m to 38 1 5 sec : sculling, 4min, 7-ec. : paddling. 5min. 20 4-5sec. ; and swimming, Smin 56 l-5sc. 