Will You Tell Me? Lonely (Brisbane).-Toil certainly have given us a I*Wf when »ou ask: "fl hv are single men and widowers usually blamed fur the knv marriage rate"'"* It, as >ou say. young women 1 *>ok with contempt on the widower of 4.*» to 30, well, would not that !>e because tht said widowers want to marry veiy yo'msr women? don't lor a moment tMnk t'i;it aiv dectnt. indus trious wiuower, even of the aire mentioned, who can offer a reasonably good home, would lie long without a wile if he were prepared to take one MUtitiinhere near hi.- own age. You ask, further. \vh;;t is a pour unfortunate man to do r Why, look for a wife, of eoutse. and in these days he ought not to have to look lonsr. Ot course, you do not mention the circurn-tuiices of your widower. ijnd that handicap® tis in answering. But we venture to think that, even on reading this question and answer, some one of our women readers might he able t<> offer a satMaetorv solution. If so, we will announce it on this page. Curious.-lie can petition for divorce on the ground of adultery, hut he must prove his case. hi guieral, the I*tit loner's evidence should be corroborated. He should see a solicitor. Lines (KatoombaV- Wrinkle- and lines such as you irention. together with other o!>jeetio;t.ible appearances on the skin, cannot, perhaps, b? totally removed, but their appearance can be made less conspicuous, and in some cases tlx y will disappear, by the use of either of the following j||>iu at ion-: - Alum b'rm., glycerine loz., water 1 pint; or slycerine 2drm., tannin ldrm., m titifd spirit ldrm., water +>/.. Kither of these may be used three times daily as a wash. They are astringent, and quite harmless, while many of the lotions so'd are injurious if used fur a km? time. In addition to the u-e ot rhe wash, the skin sluuld.be frequently f athd in cold water and rubbed vigorously with a to*-el afterwards. This is. of course, a sort of mnssige. and in connection with the astrinamt wash »ill .-ometimes work marvels. Mas sage is sometimes effecti-e in the ca-e of wrinkles, and the following is a good way of making ma«s;ige cream:-Take white wax 1 ioz., spermaceti 1 -oz.. woa ni:t oil Ioa. lanolin? loz., oil of sweet a'tnond* 2oz. Melt in a porcelain dish, remove from the fire, -uid add orange flower water loz. and tincture of benzoin 3 drops. Now l>eat t-'e mixture bri^k'y until creamy. This is unlikely to stimulate any undue growth of hair Widow.-Your solicitor should be able to assist you in the matter; in any event, the Land Titles Office will be able to provide you with some information F.R. (Oelong).-The article and iliu-tration, "Dolls as Educators." to which your question refers, was t^ken from a reliable A uteri' an technical journal, and, so far as we know, the method i- only in use in the I'nited States so far. Sorry we cannot. gi'e you fuller information, hut if we come across anything mow definite you may depend upon seeing it on page 31. C.A.F.W.B.-You should be able to get the present aboriginal population ot the Various Australian State* from the Commonwealth Statistician, Melbourne. The figures for jO yars back would be more difficult to obtain, but you would likely be succe sful by writing to the Chief librarian. >1 it'hell Library, Sydney. If any reader .seeing this can give the information we will gladly send it on to you. Yearly Subscriber.-She can petition for divorce on the ground of desertion for three years and upwards. Scratch (Wellington, X.Z.).-It is foolish tor any one to take the trouble to write for instructions and t;» say it is "impo*ible" to follow them when given. The person who told you not to scratch the itching pimples was quite right. Speaking generally, nothing that itches should be scratdied, but in a case like yours it is madness, and will nullify all the oint ments and "liquids" you like to buy. Your trouble a; pear* to be what is ca'led itch or scabies, a skin di-ease cawed by a minute parasite, the A earns seibiei. The female burrows in the skin and forms minute tunnels, in which she lays her eggs, while the male wanders on the surface. It is a common mistake to suppose only dirty people are affected. The mite.- may get on any per-ou. Sulphur ointment i« the best remedy for the itch, and i* good for other cutaneous troubles as well. If is used mLxed with an equal part ot lanoline or va.-el:ne. Originally it i* best made by mixing _oz. sort soa;«, fluid drm. «-weet oil, and >4 fluid drm. oil of lemon with loz. common salt and loz. sulihur. A simple way, and one that may serve your turn, is to mis thoroughly loz. sub limed sulphur and 4oz. 1 -r:!. The combinations are endk~* in variety. Sulphur lotion or liniment ic made from "milk of sulphur" (precipitated sulphur), which is free from grittiness. and used in the form of a weak solutjtm. Sulg'hur baths-141b. to, say, 2# gallons hot water-are also beneficial. Bear in mind that the general health ha* to be studied, and contact with other people avoided, -isne i'.iey ar° almost certain to l>e affected. This aei-ouirs for the con* dUion of the other members of t-?e family to whom you refer. They will need the sun? treatment as yourself, though, as you say th«ir g;rterul health fc good, they will probably obtain relief soonr. J.U.K. (Haddington).-Persons order the aee of 21 years, not Wing a widow or a widower, cannot marry >i!hout the ooserrt of t'lgir [Biie't, or guardian, or i*»-rt;iin other persons spc.'-bie-'i: the eite< i .of so marrying without c(W!S»nt is :© cmm. it .it. orT^j.u;- u'.-iii-st the !Mi.iri: "if Act and become liable to * )>erialty; but a nun ijg' . other* i-" ley.if. i- > >>l r<rf;d*-re<J invalid bjf ihe fclst-i.ee oi (.uiiSfiit a toe ease of miners. I'ki - i. Technically it may be actionable, but it would lu.ndy jbe worth your while to sue. 2. See a solicitor. ti.A.W. ( ('oora nl m ina). - Tha nk«- for iutcri sting ac comu ot case and operation, which may be of service in ilie way you suggest. A.I.F.-You could take maintenance proceedings ugaii.si niut, «r you nii^ht proceed >11 the Divorce Court; I-"* in either case you should see a solicitoi. L.A.M, (Danuevirke, N.Z.).-1. The best oi our second hand tioofeeejlers are Angus and Roltertson. 89 Castle reagli Street, Sydney, liynwck's Book Arcade, George .Miv-et, Sidney; Halewood, Victoria Arcade, Sydney; Cole's Book An-ade, Sydney; Tjrrc-11 and Co.. Castle reagh Street, Sidney. There' are others, but these ought to fill your requirements. 2. So far as we know, the Rationalist Association of New South Wales is still in existence. ' Foea Chica.-Your assiur.pt ions :is to the power of the Feueral tiovernment are quite incorrect; in the case in: question the man concerned probably could not law fully l>e dealt with as suggested. C.A.F.VV.B. (Fiji).-Always glad to 5>e set right, ^ou point out that in British Guiana we only quoted ms nationalities, and you so on to say:-Fiji can l>eat the record hands down. In ^iiva alone we hav» ono street nick-named "All-Nations" Street, in 'vhich there reside British. Indians, Japane-e, Chinese, Arabs, Maoris, Fijians, Samoans, Sol mion Lslanders: be sidfs these, there sue within the town French, Germans, Danish, Norwegians. Swedish, negroes, Tongans, VVallis Islanders, Line Islanders, New Hebrideans. There may be ot iters, but these 1 know personally, and xiiev make up 20 different nationalities. Crown Grant.-Your inquiry is somewhat confused, lii vvever, adverse pos-ession will ,iot ava.l anyone in the ease stated. H.H. (Bendigo).-There are many iva.>< of making electric batteries for home use of more or le-s power, ; nd at more or less expense. Here is a simple one: Take a smooth-sided jar. and fill it with a mixture ot plaster of Parts and hydrochloric acid (diluted 1 to 3) as a stiff pa-te. In this place a -mall plate ot zinc and a small rod or plate of carbon or copper, having previously attached wires to both. Finish off smooth with very stiff piste ot piaster and water, and when this ha.- ser the lottery i- ready. A stronger battery may l>e made by using sulphuric instead of ht drociilork acid, but in this the z:tx wastes away very rapidly unless pure zinc is employed. if you want something better, you can hare wh:it is called a Darnell nil. To make this, take a <-mall eart ien ware jar. such as is u-ed f-ir preserves, and line the bottom of it with gmta-per-na to a depth of %in. Fix upright in this a roil of zinc, to vvhiclt is attached a copper wire, either by soldering or pas-ins it through s hole in the top. Make a cylinder ot pipeclay larger than the zinc rod, and, when dry, bake it till red Iwt, and allow to cool gently. Place it round the rinc rot! at an equal distance in all ;iire'tiot*-. JJy beating the lower enil slightly before putting it in position you will cause it to sink jato the gutta-percha a little, so as to prevent infiltration. Line the inside of the jur with a plate of thin copper, with a lew holes punched in it. through which is threaded the end of another copper wire. Then put on top of the copper cylindrical lining a flat ring of copper nearly, but not qu^te, touching the porous cylinder. This tiat ring must al-o i-e pierced with holes. To cliarge, fill the outside of the clay cylinder with saturated solution of sulphate of ammonia, and put a few crystals of the same on the copper ring touching the solution. The zinc cylinder is then tilled with a solution of either sulphate of zinc, sal ammoniac, or common salt. A bichromate solution for batteries is made as follows:-Dissolve bichromate of pot a h in hot water to saturation. Y«'hen cool, pour in very slowly one-fifth its volume of sulphuric acid. For everv gallon of solution attd one drachm of bisulphate of mercury. The solution should l>e made in _ an earthenware vessel, and great care should be exercised in handling the acid and finished solution, as they are very poisonous and corrosive. The .dements should remain plunged only when the battery is in use. 1918 Returned.-All that can be said is that the charge in the one case suggests that the set-end is unreasonable. You might ofler the same amount as the first, plus a reasonable amount for the extra admitted. X.P. (Moormbooldool, N.S W.).-Jokes are old friends, and have already appeared in our columns; so has the information about ivory used for piano keys. Thanks all the. same for thinking of us. Adopted.-There is no occasion to take any formal steps so that the child may take the name. Ped.-Better write to Mr. Bluett, Local Government Clerks' Association, 12 O'Conncll Street. The salary varies, according to the importance of the borough o? the shire, but is generally about £330 per annum. E.A.T.-You should consult the proper authorities in Queensland. ?\xrious.-Glad to know you solved the "airship mystery" so satisfactorily. We were of the opinion at the time you fir-t wrote that the solution would be found. in the flight of a flock of liree birds. All the same, in the** days of war's surprises, you were quite right in probin-r the matter to the bottom. There is no telling how and where airships might turn up. Qpiega.-A woman may rot marrv her deceased hus-' hand's brother; she lmy marry liter deceased sister's husband, that being specially provided by j F.YV. (Caulfield, Vic.).-The addre-s has nft^ been preserved, but from what you tell us of the case it would be of no use, and you would only be inviting Diore disappointment. LA.R. (Yass).-1. A boot polish tliat fc waterproof and will give a good polish without rubbing is made as follows.-Beeswax, IS part*; spermaceti, 6 parts; turpentine oil, 66 parte; asphalt varnish, ~> parte; pow dered borax, 1 part; Frankfurt black, .5 parts; Prussian blue, 2 parts; nitre-benzol, 1 part. Melt tlie wax, add the powdered borax, and stir till a kind of jelly has formed. In another pan melt the spermaceti and the asphalt varnish, previously mixed with the oil of tur pentine; etir well, and add to the wax. Lastly add the color, previously rubbed smooth with a little of the mass. Here is another which some prefer:-Melt 2nz. of asphaJrum and Soz. of beeswax; remove from the fire, and stir in two teaspoonfnls of methylated spirits*, Ys drachm of Pnwsian blue (in powder), l-ioz. lamp black, and sufficient castor oil *o form a paste. Worfc these ingredients well together, place in tin-, and keep well covert <L A good tan polish is made with the fol lr.\ving:-Yellow wax, 9 parts; oil of turpentine. 20 parts; soap, 1 part; boiling ttat-r, 20 parts. Dissolve the wax in the turpentine on a water bath, and the soap in the wafer, and stir tbe two liquids together until the mixture becomes sufficiently cold to remain homogeneous. This can be colored with yellow ochre or burnt umber. 2. Cannot say what the men use, but it ? is probably that given above. 3. The following is a very gocd preparation for using on linoleum:-Take %Ib. beeswax, 2oz. Castile soap. loz. white wax, 1 pint turpentine, 1 pint boiling water. Dissolve the shredded wax in the turpentine; only put a little on at a time, and nib well with a -oft cloth. Cood lino leum ought not to stick, but if yours gets in that con dition a good dres-ing to use would be a weak solution of beeswax in spirits of turpentine. The following are recipes for three creams:-(a) Melt loz. palm oil with 3Soz. i>araffin. and add 4oz. kero-ene; mix tlioroughly. (bl Melt loz. yellow wax and ->oz. carnauha wax sepa rately, and then mix; add ISoz. turpentine and lOoz. hei zine, and stir till cold, (c) Melt Soz. yellow wax, ad-1 lloz. oil of turpentine and 5oz. amber varnish, and mix. Applv with a pieee of rag. 4. See answer to "H.H." Widow (WinTello).-The survey of your land is en tirely a matter for yourself. You cnimot compel the other owner to do what you suggest. F.fl.C. (Seven Hills).-See answer to **M." Both the lime and the caustic soda methods are given. Keep Ooing.-We should bf glad to h^lp. but you don t tell us wliat the article is you have protected; neither do yon make it clear whether .von want the aid of a patent attorney, or the name of a firm that n-.ight take up yottr invention. W.C. (S.B.).-If the present employer chooses to ac cept you surety, we can see nothing to prevent you. Sealow.-You would be entitled to sue for divorce, on the ground of desertion. Write to the Registrar of the Divorce Court, Melbourne, giving him the facts, and he will tell you how to procetd in forma pauperis, vhich fc the method your circumstances would warrant. Pomona (Pennant Hills).-Much obliged for offer of original letter ordering delivery of brig Xancy to Cap tain Barn', l.ut we hardly thtnk it would be of suffi cient general interest to Australian readers. * ? Aurum.-Xo. M. (W errk Creek).-Things are getting "o::t cf reach" everywhere, as well as up your way. and vou are right to economise wherever you can. Making your o>\n soap is certainly a rtep in that direction. To mike house hold soap, slack 51b. fresh quicklime in a tub. using just enough water to make it crumble. Di- solve f,lb. washing soda in 4 gallons warm water, add the lime, and stir well till mixed; then l«t it settle. Pour the clear lye into a kerosene tin, pbice over a gentle tire, and add, a little at a time, 121b. clarified grease or tallow. Then dust in, also a little at a time, ubout 4oz. powdered borax. Let the whole boil gently 1C or 15 minutes, till it is thick and ropy. Put into a box a piece of calico large enough to hang over the sides, pour the mixture in, and let it r-t.ml a day or two to harden. Then turn out on a table, and when quite firm cut into bars with a piece of wire. The soap will be fit for use in a month, if the bars are put in a dry, airy place. If YOU prefer the <au-tic soda process, the following will guide you:-For 61b. of fat you will require not quite lib. of caustic soda (lib. of the latter will do 7%lb. fat) and three pints of water. Dissolve the soda in the water, and pour in the lye in a gentle, continuous stream, ttirring all the time with a flat, v« oden stirrer. When the mixture is about the con sistency of honey, pour into a box, the inside of which l;as been wet, and put this in a warm place for a day, v. hen you will have a block of soap ready to cut into bars with a wire. Be careful that the lye is cold, that the melted fi.t k only warm enough to melt, that the stirring is not kept up too long; and i«member that any salt in the fat will spoil the lot. A.G.H. (Waterloo).-The method you adopted for making- a liquid glue is an old one, but very uncertain in its results, as you have found. A good, permanent liquid glue, ready for use without any preliminary preparation, may be made as follows:-Melt l^jlb. glue in 1 pint water, and then drop in gradually a i-mall quantitv of nitric acid. When this is added, remove from the fire, and allow to cool. Glue 00 prepared has been kept jn an open bottle for two years, still ready for instant use. Old Inquire^.-'There is no such obligatiota on you. R.F.G. (Xelligen).-1. Your auction is too vague r as Kim VdUfil Mfel W'know what wa» deal with it. Jj ' 3 >;.y .Z.-All that can be said is that each particular article muat be considered separately. ^1-Huripr (Ungerup).-Th» men would probaHy be Bni-hed and paid off ling lwfore t'te kind of l»eer *ou Tne,'ti°n would l>c ri>,idv for them if you .started to make it now, sin e it requires time Ivefore « is ready. Why not yive them good, strong h>>p ,'w'' make bop beer, l«>i 1 -*<r;T 1. water atid put V?. ,y>- hops tied loosely in a muslin bag. and boil till they -ink. Then add 51l>. brown -iigMr, a hand ful of bruised ginger, and a hnndiul of whole corn (maize). Boil frr an hour, adding a little boilinjr ?nn!*r *roln *'me time to keep up the. quantity. « nen cold, pour into a c-isk and add a cuoful of re*»«t. I.et it work for a day Iwfore bunging tightly. J'raw off, strain, and fill into bottles, corking and t\ing tightly. If there is a sediment, as is general'y the cose, it need not trouble you. If in a cask or keg the tap should be a few inches lip =o as to avoid any of the -sediment running through. Tf .for bottling, allow the sediment to be deposited before filling' the liottles from tub or vat. Weather (Cania).-Cnnnot recognise the garment b-r the name you give, and. therefore, cannot advice. Of what material is it made, and is it oiled or rubbered? O ..ndina. Q.L-Please write in Knglish. as our ^ els]i editor is a w;iy on h ave. You have written part of the letter in English, so it is evident that you intended a joke of some kind. We have hardlv time for that. Conductor (CorrimalV-1. Xot aware of anr regulation ?which forbids the employment of "eligible*." but at the s?me time, those who are neglecting Iheir duty to their country are, of course, at a disadvantage as c->mp?red with returned men or those'who would serve but cannot. 2. Ton could eet all the information hv writing to the department. Airateur (Wolb.n).-Tlie following is about the best method of renovating filer-:-Wasb in warm potash water to remove the grease and dirt, and then wash in warm water and drv bv heat. Put l1" pints warm vater in a wooden vessel, put in the fibs, and add 3nz. blue vitriol finely powdered, and So/.. borax. T^rn the file5 ;o that everv n:>rt conies in contact with tl*e mixture, which mmt b» thorouz'dv mixed. Add lO'.^oz sulphuric ar-'d and '«oz. cid«r or wine vinegar. After a short time in tbi- solution, remove the files, dry. rub with olive oil, an-I wrap in porous paper. Coarse files should be left in the liouor longer thin fine ones. A shorter process is to boil in Strong *=oda water (wjishiifr soda), and t'<«n d$n for a few minutes in a mixture of 4 parts water and 1 part r.itrie acid-more ti'»e in the solution for coarse files. A corresnondent write- to say t''at be renovates his files by putting them in r-our milk for two or tbr«*e days. It is necessary to see that th^v are vll covcred. and they come out quite clem and ne*v. With regard to this method, we have no personal exper:erce. but it n.iirht lie worth trying, since it has the advantages of simplicity and cheapness. Lanyard (Gundy).-The life of nnv rone or ford ex posed to the weather may be considerably lengthened by making a solution of sulphate of copper (VI IK to a. gallon). Let t!i<? line or net soak for 21 hours. O" longer, rnd then soak it for a similar term in soanv ?Wfitfr. This forms with the other a copper soan. ?which nermeates every part of the cord.. You will find this much better than tar. It is used by fisher men and others for their line? and nets. Solder (Cympie).-Soft solder is an alloy of 2 part* tin and one part lead: sometimes-made for cheapness sake, three of tin and two of lead. It is applied either with a hot c-opner bolt or a blowpipe flame. A variety of fluxes may be used, including borax, resin, sal ammoniac, and many others. Mona (Hunter's Hill).-1. As we have said over and ever agtin, there is no safe application that will remove superfluous hair. If you cannot aftord the electrolysis method, you will hie w-i.-e tfc allow things to remain as they are. 2. Instructions for making a drink from wild sarsaparilla were published since you wrote, and you probably saw them. If not, write again. .*5. If the ann is really paralysed, rubbing will be of no use, no matter what liniment we might name. If it only "aches and is stiff," rub it gently with a li't^e -weet oil, or if you prefer it. use the liniment given in answer to "Footballer"' in issue of June 15. A.R. (North Sydney)-It is quite true #iat deaf people have been taught to distinguish what is said by watching the movement- of the lips, and it is said that with long practice considerable proficiency can be attained. Some who have studied the question saj' that the ability to lip-read can be acquired by anyone, but whether there is sufficient inducement for those who can hear the words is doubtful. . <Puzzled (Hurstville).-Xo secret, exceot th"t of using the stuff the right way. There must be something wrong with your methods, since some peopl? can suc ceed "with the same material where you say you fail. Tasmanian Lad (Hobrt).-Assuming all you have told us of your past life is correct, there is nothing to be alarmed at in connection with the matter. The trouble will disappear after a time, and you can take the step jou contemplate with every confidence. In all probability you will have nothing of the same kind to worry about subsequently. Fungus (PatTjmatta).-The following is an excellent method of making mushroom ketchup:-Wash and pick the mushrooms' and sprinkle with salt in the pro portion of Mlb. salt to Sib. mitehroom-. Stir occa su millv for two or three days. Squeeze out the juice and, t0,*ach Wpt -m MU J . and :mustapd..jm^tfxkvouarters of rtw each of allspice, black pej.per, unJT^ge'r. 3Pfit W ft.to *. covered jar and allow- to heat gently until it reaches boiling point. Leave for about a fortnight, then strain through muslin and bottle for use. S.A.O. (Xowra).-There are several method? used to rei.i->\e f.;*int or v.tniisfa from clothes. For cotton or wnoilru ^owls, i»-e o;l of turpentine or benzine. followed by For -ilk, benzuu', etbi-r, and «-oap; ax old rubbing. <hl.»roform is considered ix -t o_v some pioplp, hut nm<t he very carefully u*ed. and the spot must first be covered with butler. Another plan i> to saturate the spot with equal parts turpentine and spirits of ammonia, and then wash with ftrong s-jap suds In some rases, however, the spot*, after being soaked with olive oil or frtvh butter, mar be removed as though thev were ordinarv grease -pots. This is the easiest plan, and should be tried first. - .T.B.-Without knowing what the material wa* that was used in branding them we could hardly tell what would be the best thin:; to secure removal. If it i« p:int the information given is: answer to "S.A.O." in this issue may heip yon It it is ink with which the marks are nii'de, make a -cl ition of loz. cyanide of polasshini in 4oz. water, and moisten the stained part by dipping it in or applving the liquid ?with a brush. .Some people suld a few grains of iodine. Repeated applications will remove any stain made by nitrate of silver. Be very careful in using the cyanide Mention, as it is poisonous. As different inks are composed of different snbvtinces. it is impossible to give a recipe that will suit all cases, but this is about the best. U M;-We don't think the censor would interfere with any information about long-range shells. It is ?well known, as you point out, that there is practically no limit to the range of a self-propelling shell. We have since, as you may hive *ce». explained that, but we were pleased to bear from vou all the same. J.TT.B.-1. The biggest British naval sun could fire a *hell well over 20 miles, hot for effective shooting 12 to 15 mil^s is 1-est. 2. The Bank of France has greater gold reserves than the Bank of England. J.J.U.-We don't answer questions by post, except of an urgent, private character. Regret we hare tio further information about the electrical bicycle l'mp thi»n that published with the sketch. The in formation was taken from an American technical journal, and, so far as we know, the limp is only obtainable in the I'nited States. Sorry you had to write twice, but we cannot guarantee an answer to any question under a month. You see, we get -o many inquiries that some time must necessarily elapse before they can lie de*lt with. We are hoping to get them well under and reduce the time of waiting. M.M.M.-When you looked tip the birk papers yon did not go back to those of last summer or yon would have found what you want. We have to answer questions about freckles even- year, but it is generally in the spring or summer. They are due to increased local dejKJsit of p:gment in the skin, and those who ar-j subject to them do not bronw uniformly under the influence of exposure nealy so deeply as others. There *is re,:lh' no way of preserving the skin fr<-m freckles, except avoiding its exposure to the >nn. Freckles may be Temc\ed by pointing nisrht and morning- with a solution of perchioriuc of memiry (Irt. to loz.) till the- skin shows sisn^ of irrigation. We prefer the fclli-wing simpler method of draliiiff with them:-Slice a «<treen cucumlter into skim milk, let it stand for an h-xir, and then rub the liquor well in at intervals; or l>oil tansy, mix the decoction with but.termT-5, and rub in as before; or (-lice a piemelon and allow the juice to drain from it, mix a teaspoonful with a cup of new milk, and rub as before. Another plan is to aj ply the following lotion:-One ounce of lwion juice, a quarter of a drachm of borax, and h >lf a draclim of sugar, mix, place in a bottle, and all >w to stantf for a few days before using it.. The following recipe is al^o highly .spoken of:-Hi'lf-oz. spermaceti^ 2oz. oil of sweet almonds, loz. white wax, 4o/.. cl cerine. Melt the sperma-eti. white wax. and oil of almonds together fir-t, then add the glycerine, and stir the mixture until cold. D.F.. (ihirgon, Q.).-1. There is a method of telling v hat you want to know, but it i-, as a rule, difficult for ary<ne but an expert, and cannot be explained in print. 2. It depends a good derl on the treatment the bird gets and the pains taken in tuition, and no time can be fixed. Some months are necessary in ir.ost cases. Eggs (Walgett).-Of course, there is always a sale for them, but we cannot well advertise them for you on this page. There is no address we could give to which it would be wise to send the things unless you hnd sold them, and if you have enough to make it vcrth whil? it might be well to write to the Exchange and Mart department of this paper. A C. (Mattina, Tas.).-Yes,' there are several books published on swimming and diving, and you would have no difficulty in getting what you require by writing to I)ymock's Boob Arcade, Sydney, or to the New South Wales Bookstall Co.. 476 George Street, Sydney. So far as we know, there is no paper de voted exclusively to swimming, but there are several good periodicals that give it prominence. John Bull.-Thanks for the information you send about the immigrant ship Renfrewshire. You say she arrived in Brisbane in 1S75. Regarding the fence, your neighbor would require to give you six months' notice of his intention to erect a new fence before he could claim balf the cost from you. Unfortunately, you do not give us sufficient particulars to enable us to give you a definite answer. Thanks for all the nice things you say about the paper. Wanderer (Ksev).-Unless you had a good trade yo:i. would find it very difficult to pick up a job that would enable you to travel over various countries. You might get a position on a steamer, that would enable you to see the world; or you might do worse than join the Royal Australian Navy. What sort of work do you fancy? A.L. (South Brisbane).-We cannot ray that the result Would be what you wish, and - advise you to let' the n:atter alone. We have no facts to go upon. H.E.I>. (Burnley).-From what you say of the lor- .lity of the trouble we are inclined to think you ha*t wrorgly diagnosed it. and there is something altogether different the matter. We tan give you no further information about the supposed remedy, and do not in amy way recommend its use, especially in a hap hazard v ay. For tlie present 1rouM'\ try a boraci# acid solution at a proportion of, say, one in^ thirty, and wash well with it night and n.orning. F.T.X. (Melbourne).-Xo general rule can be laid down for the pronunciation of the letter 11; it de pends on the usage of good society, which changes from generation to generation. In "heir" and "hour" it it- silent, though it retains its sound in 'hereditary'* ar.d "horologue." In "honor" is is very faint, and almost inaudible in "honorable" and "honesty." .It i* stronger in "host" than in '.hospital"; in "humble" than in "humility"; in "history" than in "historical''; in "hostile" than in "hostility." It is aUo stronger in "who" than in "when"; and in "hole" than in ''whole." The correct pronunciation in Knglish of this difficult letter is one of the #most delicate teste of good breeding. K.A.W. (Toowoomba).-Bid you set the paper® con taining the information about the aviation schools? If not. please let us know, and we will send you the par ticulars. Don't enclose money in any future letter you may send; the postal authorities register it and put a tax on, which we have to pay. . H.B. (South Brisbane).-IMd we send you the infor mation you wanted about training boys for the navy? So far as we know, we never had anything about training them for the British Xavy. Our information was always about the Royal Australian Navy. If we have not sent yon the information, W us know, and state whether th« idea is to make the boy a cadet midshipman, for which he must, not be over 13 years of age. or whether you mean the training: on the ship Tinsira. We have some recollection of havins dealt with the matter, but are not quite certain about it. X.M.W.-Write to the Under-Secretary, Department' of Public Instruction, setting out your age and telling Jiim your wishes, and full particulars will be sent you. T.oftus (Richmond, West Queensland).-Thanks for your practical interest in the paper. Had intended using th . two cuttii gs vou were good enough to send, but uufortunatelv the letter got amongst a lot of others; hence the delay. Will use now. F.R.S. (Sydney).-It is not correct to say a star ever falls to the earth, for the simple reason that most of them are thousands of times larger than it, »nd if there were any falling it would be the other way. What jou have seen are called "falling stars" from their rp pe:»J.T:ce, but are really lumps of matter which float about in space and fall when the attraction of the earth is able to exercise its power. It is estimated that over seven and a half million fall on the earth every twenty four hours. Most of them are set on fire by friction while passing through the atmosphere and burnt to asl»es, but some are too large and only the outside is calcined. Large masses have been found on many OCT fusions, and some in ancient times were worshipped as idcls. Some may have had markings on *hem which superstition has believed to he hieroglyphic, but as no one could ever interpret them this did not matter. There are some parts of the solar system where swarms of i.'.atter are found with arreat regularity, and this accounts for "shooting stars" being more noticeable in certain months. 0 irlie (Ballarat).-To make Turkish delight, *»k 2oz. gelatine in a cup of water 12 minutes, then put in a saucepan with 1% cups of water and 21b. sugar, and boil for a quarter of an hour. Use any flavoring. When cold, cut in shaoes and roll in icin? «ugar. Another: Soak loz. of gelatine in three-quarters of a cup of cold vater for two hours; put 21b. sugar into a saucepan with tnree- quarters of a cup of water, bring to a boil, and then add the soaked gelatine, a little citric acid, and any flavoring; simmer 20 minutes, skim well, and then pour on a damp dish. Leave for 24 hours, and then cut up in squares and roll in custor sugar. For color ing. use either cochineal or saffron. V.R. (Fremantle).-Sorry, but all the short stories we require for the present year have been arranged for. But without in any way detracting from your merits as a writer, we hardly think you would have yet reached the publication standard, a'thoueh you have taken prizes for short stories. In this line, as in every other, you have to compete against o!d and tried writers, and that is no ea-y ta-k. We strongly advise you to follow some other profession than that of short story writing. It is a hard road to follow, and few there be who succeed therein. We have no objection to reading one of your stories if you care to send it along. F.C.S. (Melbourne).-Has your idea for creating rain with a giant biplane and powdered soda and salt ha i a practical trial, and, if so, what were the results? If there is anything practical in the idea, we shall l>e glad to publish; if only theoretical, we do not see that any good purpose would be served by the publication. A.J.R. (Newcastle).-We have not heard of an engi neering midshipman or noticed any reference to it in the looklet issued by the naval authorities. We are sending you a copy of the Kavy Booklet, and perhaps you inav be able to trace what you want. At any rate, you could find out by applying t. the District Naval Officer at Nev castle. Bushy (Wallendbeen).-Your lie«t plan would be to get vork in an engineering establishment. We take it you are too old to serve an apprenticeship. You do not give us any particulars to go on. There are heaps of books about stesm engines. What class of engine-driver's ctr» tifceate is it you wish to get? 