THE KAISER AND ALSACE- LORRAINE. TO TOR EDITOR. sir,— Mr. David Storey, M.L.A., is reponcu In your Issue of to-dny as having fallen florcoly upon certain remnrks of inlno on tho two sub jects of tho KalBer and AlBnco-Lorralno. Ills i.< i _ i 1 n- n.« Atiilrn mlfle recKiCBB jungmigu i» ouauu uu «»» t — tinderfltnnding of whnt I nald and tho connec tion In which It wn« said. Mr. 8torey In a sufficiently old parliamentary hand to know how misleading a fragmentary report may be. nnd to refrain from abusing n» "maudlin son- tlment" a plea for jusllco as against venge- anco. My lecture Is to bo published shortly. Mcnnwhllo will you kindly permit mo to repu diate the position attributed to mo by a Minis ter of the Crown In tho couracN of his address of wclcomo to Queensland bowlers at Itandwlck? (1) First, with regard to tho Kaiser. Need less to any, I am no lesrt keenly Insistent than Mr. Storey on tho Kaiser being . brought to justice. I ropudiato Indlgnatly tho suggestion that I havo boon "defending or making excuses for tho worst diameter that ever trod tho earth." Justice requires rotrlbuation.' But here Is tho dimculty. Tho human instruments of Justice are confronted by a problem without precedent. Any clement of injustice In their action at this crisis will reap its own retri bution In days to come. My rcfcrcneo to tho Kaiser was an incidental Illustration of the main thought of my address on "Peace Prob lems of European Nationalism," viz., that these probloms are far moro dtmcult and com plex than seems to be realised by many popu lar thinkers nnd leaders. So, too, Is® the prob lem of the Kaiser. And I BUggestod, without posing for a moment as "an authority on Brit ish criminal Jurisprudence," that British law Itsolf recognises degrees of criminality in homicide. There Is the scaffold for murder nnd penal servitude for manslaughter. Thcro are, of course, conceivable canes of man slaughter which aro morally far moro criminal than cnscB of murder. My own dlfilnulty In the Kaiser's case Is that on tho one hand T feci that the clamor for tho hanging or the shoot ing of the Kaiser ofton sounds a note of venge ance rather than justice: whllo on tho other luiiul I feel that If the Kaiser Is to be mado to realise his criminality penal servitude for life Is a piinlHhmcnt that fits the crime far better than execution, and Is perhaps even moro imprcsslvo In tho eyes of tho world. I am quite content to trust an International tribunal representative of the organised con science and halnnccd Judgment of humanity. It will deal with the Kaiser along with tho scores of othor moral criminals who share Ills guilt; but tho very numbor of them and tho different kinds and degrees of guilt In which tlicy are Involved bring into strong relief (he necessity of keeping justice clear of all "maudlin senti ment," whether of sympathy or vengeance. (2) With regard to Alsace-Lorraine, It is simply not true to charge mc with saying that I was "not satisfied with tho proposal to hand Alsace-Lorraine back to Franco." What I did say, and still say. Is that In dealing with "tho rectification of the frontiers" of the German Empire wo must not think that It Is simply a question of reversal of conquests. Denmark was deprived of Schloswlg-Holstoln, and Franco of Alsace-, Lorraine. But tho Peace Conference has no mandate to make any or every enemy givo back everything that they have over taken. Its mandate Is to vindicate tho principle of nationality as the basis of tho organisation of Europenn and other Slates, and so secure llio ponce of the future by doing Justlco to op pressed or severed pooplcs. Tho ono right and safe principle Is to give expression and satisfaction everywhere to the spirit of nation ality. In tho long run thoro is only ono way, and tht is to let tho people decide their own destiny by their own choice. In any case, by one method or another the principle of nation ality must bo vindicated all round. Denmark, for examplo, may claim Schleswlg-Holsteln. But Holstcin is as predominantly German ns Schlcswlg is Danish- Justice to German na tionality will probably require that tho south ern part, at least of Holstcin should bo left to Gc-rmntiy. Tho poril of tlio Kiel Canal, which lies across Holstcin, must not tempt us to place a German community under Danish rule. The Kiel Canal peril must be removed in some other way by internationalising its control and neutralising Its uso. Tho case of Alsace-Lorraine is different. There is no doubt there of tho Intensely French sympathies of the overwhelming bulk of the population. Tho '1,000,000 nattvoH. whether German or French originally by race, are French In spirit. But. there are 300,000 Gorman immigrants. There aro parts of the double province whore a local vote might go for Ger many. Strict justice requires us to recognise that oven the problem of Alsace-Lorraine Is bo difficulty that the International Ponce Con gress at Geneva In 1884 was almost equally balanced betweon the proposal to restore tho two provinces to France and tbo proposal to constitute them an lndopendont nnd neutral Stnto. Arnold Toynbeo, In his book on "Na tionality and the War," suggests separate rcforendums In different parts of tho provinces. Thin suggestion spells disintegration Into dis tricts attached to Franco and Germany respec tively, hounded by unworkable frontiers, and crossed by railway systems which cannot ba run under dual or divided control. My own suggestion would bo on international protec torate for a time, arid then a general referen dum of tho wholo population still residing in the provinces. Of the result of such a refer endum tliero would bo no doubt. Probably, liowoyer, Allied sympathy with Franco will as sign tho provinces at onco to France, and of course wo can trust France to deal justly and generously with tho civil and human rights of the patches of Germanism therein included. But the keenest sympathy with France must not blind us to the fact that what the Peace Conference has to do Is not simply to right a panl wrong by rovcrslng tho annexation of .1871, but to vlndlcnto tho principle of nation ality so completely in Alsaco-Lorralne that no festering sore of unsatisfied nationalism shall remain to imperil tho future peace of Europe. The aim of the Peaco Conference must bo not revenge, but Justice. And some of us must Insist on this principle being kept In sight at every point of the complex world-situation, even If It means that wc arc liable to be mis understood and misrcDrescntcd.— Yours. eLt LEWIS OOULBURN. Blshopsthorpe, Goulbum, December 13. 