UNITED .KINGDOM AND FOREIGN. Admiral Jellicoe will take the title oi Viscount Jellicoe of Scapa. "Underwriters of the New ' South Wales loan will receive 24 per cent. There have been severe inundations in .•Java. . Batavia, the capital.is half sub merged.. • .' ■ • ' \ -The Roumanian Minister has left Lon-* don for Jassv, the temporary capital of Koumania. The Prince of Wales has accepted , the office of president oi the . National Rifle Association. Advices from • Pckin show that earthquake in the Amoy district resulted in'nearly 10,000 deaths. % s . The .Board of Agriculture has secured a farm' of 500 acres in Nottinghamshire, where it will grow sugar beet. A British military aeroplane flew from London to Rome. ' It descended at Paris, Lyons, Marseilles, in France, and also at Pisa in Italy. There has been no immigration to Fiji, for two years, and prospects1 arc not en couraging. I abour trouble is anticipated in the near future. The State Department has asked Mexico to investigate the Killing of one America^" and the wounding of two others by Mexicans, at Tampico. Mr. Kenneth Watson, oi -the North eastern Engineering Works on the Tvne, who has been appointed chief marine engineer for the Commonwealth, leaves shortly. Almost.the whole of the stock in the' Danish harvest yards has been destroyed by fire. The loss is regarded as a national disaster, owing to the"'difficulty' of importing supplies. It has been decided in connection with daylight saving in England that summer time this vear shall begin, on the morn ing, of 24til March, and shall end on . the night of 20th 'September. The Prince of Wales, who is visiting estates'in South Wales, is being accorded a most enthusiastic welcome evervwhere. He descended a mine at Ebbwvale, ant chatted with the oflicials of the Miners' Federation The Prince of Wales has taken oath and his scat in the House Lords. There" was an imposing cere monial, the Peers who introduced- the : Prince wearing the robes and collars, or their; orders. ' ..." Three members of the Industrial Workers of the World in -London, eluding ' two. Americans, have been sentenced to imprisonment for months, for" being .in the possession of leaflets which had not. be.*n submitted to the censor. * Tim deporatton cf tb> Ameri cans was recommended. " '' • The Press Bureau announces that the President'of the Board of Trade has ap pointed a committee, ^including' Lord Colwyn (chairman), Mr. A.- Fisher (High Commissioner for Australia), and Sir Thomas Mackenzie (High Commissioner for New Zealand), to investigate question of increasing the supply of flax to the Empire. - The unprecedented • floods s. in the east coast oi South Africa continuej and are causing great- damage. It is reported-, that a serious shortage'in the sugar crop is imminent. In the fJmfolosi Valley most of "the buildings have 'been swept .away, and many lives lost. Ladysmith and Natal have been partially'submerged. 