' PEACE CONFERENCE. Amsterdam, Dec. "13. The German Press ls anxiously watch, ing the growing Allied insistence upon in« demnitics. The "Frankfurter Zeitung" warns the Alies to be sober enough to rea* ÜEe that it never pays to enslave a great people, and.says, that slave labour is. no- toriously unproductive. Thc paper appeals particularly to thc Americans, pointing out that Germany is no longer a dangerous rival in the world's markets, and that the exaction of an indemnity means great dan- ger of losing Germany as a business sphere, Capetown, Dec. 13. . In Johannesburg yesterday, there was a spectacular commemoration of the signing of the armistice. The Governor-General, in. an address to the troops, paid a tribute to the Union's part in the war, and said the conquest of Gerni&nys; African colonies . averted a most formidable danger, - and these colonies would never be handed baok to Germany. London, Dec. 13. A White Paper has been K issued which contains correspondence from the chiefs «f the captured German colonies, who ' state that they aro unanimous in their desire to remain under the British flag. They 'are touchingly grateful for their new security, ' and for the removal of anxiety as to future government London, Dec. 13. Mr. W. M. Hughes, interviewed, - denied a Press report cabled from Melbourne that Senator Pearce ig coming to London to re- place Sir Joseph Cook. Mr. Hughes says ?that Sir Joseph Cook- has been closely, as- sociated with the discussion upon matters involving Australia's part in the Peace Conference, and is going to Paris, where he will assist to advise, especially regarding thc naval aspect and the colonies question. Ho will remain until the conclusion of the conference on behalf of the Commonwealth. Yokohama, Dec 13. The Japanese delegates to the Peace Con» ferencé sailed on Tuesday last. Paris, Dec. 15. A report from Trêves states that' the armistice prolongation stipulates that the two ann a half million tons of shipping lving in German ports must bc placed un- der con li ol of the 'Allies to supply Ger- many with foodstuffs, tlie ships to remain German property. Thc British demanded the surrender of the battleship Baden in Alead of the uncompleted cruiser Macken- sen. Herr Erzborger -protested, but the demand has not been withdrawn. Herr Krzberget's demand regarding the prison* ers in East Africa' will be examined,' and Marshal Foch'« reply will be given in a few days- The Allied command reserves the right, if advisable, in order tn obtain fresh. guarantees, to- occupy a% neutral' «one on the right bank of the Rhine north of the Cologne bridgehead, and up to the Dutch fronner . The. "Echo de Paris" states that the armistice commission at Trêves is not being dissolved, but will continue to regu- late Franco-German relations until -ne preliminary peace condi'-ions have been signed, aft-cr which a commission for the 'Administration of the occupied territories will be appointed, to which German repre- sentatives will hg accredited. A Stockholm message states that the armistice hos been extended until 5 on the morning of December 17, and will h* re- newable thereafter until the conclusion of a preliminary peace, subject to the Eu-" ten :e's consent. Capetown. - Dec. 15. A moss "meeting held on Saturday night carried a resolution that in tbe interests of humanity- and peace and the safety of South Africa the German colonies cannot be reiurned to Germany, end that their retention must "be one of the essential conditions of the peace settlement. It was also resolved to' make on emphatic protest against the inhuman treatment of the 'British and Allied prisoners of war, and to demand the punishment of every-, one responsible, irrespective of rank. The resolution was move^ by Sir Frede- ric de Waal Ad mine tra tor of the Cape Province, and -was seconded by Sir Tho* Smartt, leader of the Opposition. The speakers emphasised the danger to South African end Australian trade of a crea tion of submarine bases on the western und eastern coasts of Africa, and referred to the barbarous treatment of the natives by the Germans. Among the speakers was Corporal Doitsch the first South Afri- can prisoner returned fmm Germany. Toe whole audience rose end cheered him. New York, Dec. 15. Mr. Frank Simmonds, commenting in tho- New York 'Sun," on the German propaganda, the purpose of which is io divide the associaiod. Powers at the peace table on the question of the return of the German colonies, says that it is important' that the American people must realise that the German colonies must not be returned.- He points out that Australia and New Zealand do not. wish to be com- pelled to maintain a navy against Ger- many, which they would have to do if Samoa an¿ New Guinea were, returned. -. Referring to Sonth-Wesi: Africa. Mr. monds^ points out that the return of that territory to Germany would be a per- petual menace ' to the Union of Sotitii Africa,'and would compel \he Union Gov- ernment to maintain "a large army, . Tn conclusion the writer says:-"The deter- mination not to return the German colo- nies is not a British scheme of expansion, but it is a "British policy dictates from the -Cape, Sydney. Melbourne and <. elling- ton." . . Switzerland, on Germany's behalf, hes urged tho United States, to ¿uasten the peace conference because of the fear of famine in Germany. landon, Dec. 15. " Mr J.R. Clyncs, speaking at "Nottingham, expressed his inability to confirm the state- ment that he was going to attend thc Peace Conferenr.fi. Christiania. Dec. 15. T The Norwegian , Government proposes that the Danish' and Swedish Governments ? ohaU take steps to secure Scandinavian re- presentation at the Peace" Conference, es ' pecially with regard to the proposed league' Of nations^ and compensation for maritime war InaBM . \ New York, Dec. ? 15: . . JThe Pekin correspondent of the New York "Timos" stales that the Chinese JPeàee Delegation'will esk at the confer-' once for the return of Tsing-tou to Chin». Washington, JDec. 15.' An Irish delegation has urged the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Repre- sentatives to pass a resolution urging Che peace delegation to request the freedom, independence, and se'f-dotermination . of ^ ireland. 1 ?. 'm, Copenhagen, Dec. " -Reports from Munich (Bavaria) state/that the Premier (Herr Eisner) had a lengthy : official conference, with the Entente repre- sentatives on December 10, M which- the question of. arriving at a separate agree- ment with Bavaria was discussed. Paris, Dec. 15. In the Chamber of Deputies the Under- secretary (M. Deschamps) announced 'that tho demobilisation -of reservists would be- gin on December 25. Altogether 1,200.000 would ho demobilised. He -po/nted oiit that there, hod been ho demobilisation in Ger- many. . New" York.. Dec. 16. Mr. W. H- Taft, in terrie wed at Phila- delphia, said: "There is some doubt, whe Iher.. England will adhere, to the attitude that she is not seeking .territorial gain ont of thc wiar. Germany's treatment of the i natives of- the Pacific^ and ? the African colonies demonstrates .that -the colonies must net be returned to üer¡ The question i arises under President Wason's-M points who shall administer the ?colonies. Aus- tralia. New Zealand and South Africa wish tbs colonie? -to be incorporated in the Bri- "' tish Kixjxre. This would' cause -a cry of Imperialism against Britain. The best course is that the colonies bo administered by ti league .of nations." Several newspapers, "'commenting editori ally om the desire of the negroes Jo rule Germany's African colonies, say that it would bc hird to imagino a. more foolish - notion than the suggestion that the colo- nies should be returh-ed to tile; mat ives with- out foreign siip/aryisicn. It would., repre- sent ihe "redüotio «il «Jisuvdum" of tho sclf.determiuation princip'e 5 " .' " London, Deiy. IS ' The League of Nations- Union canvassed 1.500 electoral e-and ¡dates, and c'aims that 523 a: those are in. favour of a- league being formed. An American correspond- ent travelling with" President. Wilson states that he strongly supports thc league of nations idea, and favours the punishment of tho wt- lSaiser. * New York, Dec. 16. Mr. Theodore Roosevelt, writing in the . "Metropolitan Magazine" for January on the proposed .league of nations, says that Germany and Turkey must not bo ^admitted to the league for many years. Foti-o i-f . Russia's -actions last year make any international guarantee on her part worthless, and the league sliou'd only include .the present Allies. .Tho United Stiles must explicitly reserve its rights regarding territorial possessions, the. control-cf immigration aü.vcitizenship, and domestic problems generally. She must be careful abcut gunraniiee-iig )o interfere on behalf of impotent disorderly nations when they lie outside her sphere of interest. Mr. Roosevelt further points out that it would be absurd to include in the league on an equality with the United States and Japan such " countries es China. Mexico, Heyti. San Domingo, and many others in the sam« category. Paris. Dec. 16 Herr Eraberger read to the Armistice Commission a declaration complaining of the increased severity of the Allies' con- ditions and of their failure to reviclual Germany. He demands the raising of the blockade, the liberation of war prisoners, and the immediate opening of peace nego- tiations. London. Dec. 16. The "Daily Telegraph's" Paris corres- pondent says that because there are no signs .of a permanent Government in Ger- many it is likely that after the Peace Conference the Allies will occupy stra- tegic points of Germany, possibly for 20 or 30 years.- Inasmuch as the North German Confederation will not be permit- ted during that period to maintain an army or navy the burden of administra- tion will be thrown upon the Allies. There will be a similar situation in Russia. lt is very significant that no attempt has been made on the part of Germany to form a confederation end present a case to the Allies, suggesting an even- weightier burden for the Peace Congress. New York, Dec. 18. Tho Washington correspondent Of the New York "Times" stales that the Ukrainian Congress. has passed resolutions requesting the Peace Conference to settle the conflicting territory claims of Poland and the Ukraine by a plebiscite. London," ' Dec. 16. The Indian delegates to the Peace Con- ference have arrived in London. Paris. Dec. 16. Windows of houseB in the Avenue du Bois do Boulogne have been let at from £20 to £100 apiece to permit of the view- ing of the procession -on the occasion -of President Wilson's .visit. An American paid £1,000--as twelve months' rent of s flat- to enable him to witness President Wilson's arrival and next year*s peace pro- cession. SJjjß guard . of honour outside ? Dr. Wil60n"sVes:dence in the Rue. Mon ceau consisted of Zouaves end Moroccan troops, while a .Large contingent of Aus- tralians lined the street. Tokio, Dec. 16. : The Japanese delegates for .the. Peace Conference haye started' for Paris, via ^5au Francisco. ? \ Paris, Dec. 16: M. Marcel Hu tin forecasts that the French plenipotentiaries at the'Peace Con- ference will be M. Clemenceau, M. Pichón, Marshal Foch, and M. Leon Bourgeois, who is a specialist regarding the league of nations idea; also M. Tardie«, a mem- ber of- the Commission for Franco-American relations. . N'JW York, Dec. 17. The Paris correspondent of the New York "World" says that it is pointed out that at the recent meeting between Signor Orlando, M. Clemenceau, and Mr. Lloyd George iu London the Entente decided to demand three points at the Peace Confer- ence, namely, the punishment of the ex Kaiser and other enemy- évil- doers ; ah in- demnity from Germany to the limit of her capacity to pay» end not to re.urn the German colonies. - ' Paris, Dec. 17. It is doun'.rul whether serious progress iii the preliminary - negotiations -between Britain, France, Italy, and America will be possible before January. Mr. Lloyd George's arrival has boen postponed for av least a week. - , It-is expected that Messrs. Lloyd George, Bonar Law, A. J. Balfour, and other Min- isters will go. to Paris ou December 21, and that the Peace Conference will prob ably open at,Versailles cn January 1. New York, Dec. 17. The Washington conesponderit cf the New Yor£ '?Times" soys ;hat Senator M. Poindexter, in a speech assailing the Sec- retary of the Navy (Mr. J. Daniels), who a few days ago said that the United States,ought not to seek indem ni: i es from Germany, said- that Mr. Daniels did not reptecen t'the public-opinion of tho United Stales, sud, in his opinion, many people' in the United States1 differed-with him. i The United States was the winner of the war, and wes entitled to justice undor in- ; ternational law, and should demand the costs of the hostilities. It was the Go-1 ycrnment's duty to assert .the interests of ! thc people of the country, and those inter, ests. demanded that the United States should be reimbursed for the tremendous expenditure accrued through the war. The Paris correspondent of the United Piesg Association states that it is under etood that the American peace delegation favours a preliminary discussion, in which i Presidckt Wilson; and .one delegate each ¡ Trom -Fiuacc, Britain, and Italy could foi i muíale the serious proposals. These would ; be submitted foi"'debate a; the full meet-; lng of ... the delegations of .-' the United States, Britain.- France, and Italy, and one leprecentative from Japan, to draw up a treaty which would be submitted to the cither Allied nations fer signature. London, Dec 17. General Louis Bertha and the members of his pnrty landed at Tilbury on Monday evening from the Japanese steamer Iyo Maru, from Capetown. The party were welcomed ,on boa"fd<-'by Captain Younger, representing the Secretary of Slate for the Colonies, and the Premier's son. Captain Louis Botha. The "party proceeded to St. Pancras by special train, where a great ovation was accorded General Botha- The ¡íuard of honour of South African troops were accompanied by a hand and1 a sprimrr bok, the South Africans1 mascot, which 'attracted considerable attention. On the platform* was a large and representative gathenng, including General Smuts, also representatives of', has Majesty. Mr. Lloyd George welcomed the Sonlh African Pre- mier. Suites of rooms have been reserved at the Savoy Hotel for the party. General Botha, interviewed, said he wits pleased to learn that the Imperial Gov- ernment w«ß whode-heartédly supporting' the claims of the dominion to the ex-Ger- man colonies. It was impossible for any South African 6ta-!esmiaa to acquiesce in n policy which would pfece a1* disturbing ele- ment on Otu borders of the Imperial Union's future. Capetown, Dec. 17. A messiago from -Pretoria states that Sir Percy Fitzpatrick, a prominent member of the Unionist Parly, while regrebting that Sir Thomas Smarlt (Leader of the Opposi-" tipn) had .not accompanied4 the Premier .(General Botha^ to the Peace Conferönce. 'recognised the impossibility of "this owing to the non-existence «f â Coalition- Ha thought that Sir Thoa. S marti should go in ft- private capacity, bioause several ques- tions would come up in. which South Africa should be more ful'y represented, especially regarding .immigration'. He recognised, however, the Government's : political diffi- culty in that matter. He praised' thc land settlement that had been accomplished, but thought ,that more immigrants -were need ed, end that they must be British. He was going to England to get them, and he contemplated a closer drawing together of the Unionists and the South Africas parties San Francisco, Dee. 17 Mass meetings held her« have demanded that President Wilson U6e his position at the Peace Conference in favour of self government for Ireland. 