AGRICULTURE FOR ANZACS A WISE MOVE " The announcement that the Minister for Defence has made arrangements whereby one hundred carefully chosen members of the Australian Imperial . Force are to visit the United States to receive instruction in irrigation is of particular interest at the present moment, both as a jjjece of well- advised repatriation, and as being beneficial to Australian agriculture as a whole. The course is to last from six to twelve months. Another party of 25 Anzacs has been sent to Den mark, to study the latest developments iu dairying. The war has given to scores of thousands of Australian soldiers some thing like a University education in life and the affairs of the world. To many it has" also given a golden op portunity for specialisation In their I profession or industry, under the tuition of some of the world's great est. experts. It is quite clear from soldiers' letters and cabled reports that the Anzac has kept his eyes wide open to the lessons of other lauds. Many Australians who served in Palestine have declared that they would gladly have settled there, if there had been in operation a scien tific system of irrigation. The great potentialities of Egypt, with its grow ing irrigation scheme, are also fully recognised by many of our soldiers. Almost every modern agricultural , country has its specialism, both iu , crops aud methods. Denmark is i famous for its dairying industry. Iu j no part of the world is the industry j more scientific or better organised. In j France and Belgium intensive agrieul- : ture has attained a remarkable degree i of success. In these and many oilier , countries various forms of agrieul- \ tural co- operation have been develop- 1 ed, with on extraordinary increase iu j efficiency, production and profits, j America, again, is particularly notable for her huge irrigation systems, aud the success with which agricultural j education is carried far and wide ; amongst the men on the land. Though j the Commonwealth has made its own ! worthy contributions to agricultural science, it is vitally interested at pre sent in learning what older countries can teach It. The presence of so many Australian agriculturists iu Europe today offers a golden opportunity to secure for Australia great and lasting benefits. We stand to gain not merely iu knowledge, but still more in the , j widening of our outlook iu regard to j science and agriculture. Mr.. A. E. V. j Richardson. Superintendent of the Vic torian Department of Agriculture, has J made the strongest possible plea for j j the scientific development of agrieul- j ture on something like American I lines. His tour of the United States j showed him what could be done by a j people with the keenest interest in ; all branches of education, backed by a government prepared to spend £12.000,000 upon agricultural educa tion and research. Australia need yield nothing to America in agricultural possibilities, whether in soil or climate. "Were Australia nearer the crowded centres j of Europe," says Mr. Richardson, "and j its resources as well advertised as those of Canada. Ameriea and Argen tina, it would be the Mecca of the European settler." At present we mainly advertise our droughts. Post war conditions will give us n big stream of new immigration, which, with the returning Auzacs. should make the labor problem of land settlement easy of solution, provided that. other necessary measures are taken. These must I include a bold policy of road de velopment, accompanied by railway j construction, in anticipation of | settlement in districts offering ! the best prospects. In the matter j of irrigation, the possibilities I in Australia are extremely good. ; In the United States more than 4,000,000 acres are under Irrigation. Their output, and organisation are vastly superior to those of the areas without Irrigation schemes. Our An sae agriculturists could not perform a better service ..than to bring back to the Commonwealth both scientific knowledge of, and keen enthusiasm I for, the application of irrigation where- lever practicable in Australia. The | slowness with . which the Murray ; River scheme is being developed has been matter for despair among pro gressive citizens for mahy years. When that scheme Is in full operation, it will reach 1,500,090 acres. It Is cer tain that a huge Increase in the num bers of live-stock and In the various crops win soon result Any Anzacs who return with American experience to the State of Victoria will find that considerable advantages are possessed by their home country— a better cli mate, particularly for the fruit-grower, uniform fertility of soil, and an abun dant and cheap supply of water. Iu Denmark the Anzac visitors will learn the very latest of the science aud organisation of dairying. Iu that small j country there are more than one . thousand co-operative dairies alone, i which account for 80 per cent, of the j butter output of Denmark. Before the j war, the United Kingdom imported annually Danish butter, eggs and bacon to the value of nearly : £22.000.000. These three commodities | constitute over 80 per cent, of (the total production of Denmark. iThe dairyiug industry of Australia has shown rapid expansion. Our total ! export of dairy products before the ! war was valued at uearly £4. 000. <300, 1 and reached £7.000.000 iu the last year of the war. though values were by then somewhat inflated. Austra lia has everything gain from learn ing more of the co-operative methods of Denmark ami other countries, particularly when applied to bacon 'factories, creameries, and marketing : organisation, l'crhaps Belgium, hovr- : ever, offers io the Anzac the umst valuable les-ons in agriculture. For ; many years Belgium -lias far sur passed all other countries in tlm aver- age yield per acre, which is £20. i Though some of i lie laud is very rich, I the whole of Flemish soil is poor. Vet | so great is (he skill bestowed iipnn it, ! that the produce of Flanders per acre lis equal to that of the rest of Belgium, j Rich though Denmark is. aud pos sessed of 75 per cent, more cultivated ! acreage than Belgium, its average j yield is only £G per acre. This is a tribute both to Belgian skill aud the ' superiority of intensive cultivation. ! Belgium also leads the world iu the I number of live-stoolc per square mile, | Denmark coming next. The little | country which so valiautly defied the | Huns has taught the world how a highly developed manufacturing coun- | try can yet attain supremacy iu agri culture. We may he confident that the long sojourn of the Auzacs among I the Belgians will ensure a great deal j of this valuable agricultural know ledge reaching Australia. Now that victory and its fruits have fallen to the Allies, nothing could cement their friendship more firmly than this mutual teaching aud learning, uovr happily proceeding" with such fair pro mise of common advantage, to them selves aud their people. 