SENATE CAMPAIGN. V.F.U. CANDIDATES. Claims of Producers. BENDIGO, Sunday. ? The Farmers' Union candidates for the Senate, Messrs H. H. Rees, E Reseigh, and T Paterson, opened their campaign at Eaglehawk on Saturday night. There was a moderate attendance. Mr. Rees said that the Farmers' Union stood for loyalty, the Empire, and the present system of government. Dealing with trade in the future, Mr. Rees said his travels had convinced him that the Governments must stand behind the merchant. The Danish Government in dealing with the butter industry had set a good example with the producers in the forefront and the Government Standing behind them. The Governments would have to adopt proper business methods and keep closely in touch with the producers. Australian trade in the East should be of enormous value owing to the easy distances, but it had been allowed to drift. America and Canada had trade commissioners everywhere. Australia could only have reasonable prices for its products when it eliminated, as much as possible, the speculator and the profiteer, who came in between the producer and the consumer. Mr. Rees said that Mr. Hughes had sold wheat from the pool during the last four years at the lowest price of" any country in the world. Apart from selling the wheat at the ridiculously low price, the wheat growers had to bear the enormous loss, s luisiug in storage' through the ravages of vermin. All these losses and failures would be lessened by having a strong and virile body of experienced producers an the Federal Parliament. Mr. Paterson said that Australia's- commercial greatness depended largely upon the encouragement, success, and prosperity of the man on the land. The income from AiiBtralrancxporte waste the funds from jHhieb'attireBos/ Its encouragement and expansion affected not only the farmer, but the welfare of every man, woman, and child in the Commonwealth. Three-fourths of the total wealth was derived from the soil, yet it? representation in the Parliaments was almost nil. That lack of representation had resulted in legislation almost entirely in favour of the city as against the country, and had done much to bring about the tremendous drift to the metropolis. The wartime profits tax exempted the city business which did not make more than 10 per cent, on capital invested, yet 6 per cent, made by the stock ranger was regarded as profiteering. Mutton could be bought to day on the hoof at 33s., and beef at less than 6d. per lb., therefore the farmer or producer was not responsible for the high prices charged to the consumer. Co-opera- tion was the only remedy for the producer and consumer alike. Dealing with repatria- tion. Mr. Paterson said that the practice of buying out one settler and putting another, a soldier, in his place, was economically unsound. Large areas of good land would in the near future be served by irrigation schemes, and the soldier should have first claim on these areas. In the north-west Mallee it was estimated that at least 5,000, acres of Crown lands could be classed as first, second, and third class, suitable for settlement, and he considered that the land should be given to the soldiers as a gift. Before settlement railways must be linked up, roads constructed, tanks excavated, houses built, and a certain amount of clearing done. The woollen mills at pre- kept working, and making over 30 per cent profit, were supplying only a small portion of Australia's needs. There was ample scope for expansion, and if soldiers were repatriated in the woollen mill industry they would do well. Dealing with the tariff Mr. Paterson said that factories to-day had a natural protection never enjoyed before in the shape of enormous ocean freights on imports. Australia's commercial and financial salvation depended on increased production, which must come from the land. Mt. Reseigh said that the primary producer had to find most of the taxation, and should have a fair share of representation in Parliament. They wanted proportional representation for the Senate, as it would then be possible for all classes of the community to have their direct representation. The only way that primary production could be made to pay was to make it more remunerative. At present it was so unremunerative that men were literally flying to the cities. Unless the man on the land got some Inducements in better markets for his produce he would get out and go to the city, then there would be less production in the Commonwealth. The promise made by Mr. Hughes of Til per bushel for the 1920 wheat crop would not increase the output of wheat by one bushel. Had Mr. Hughes made the promise nine months before, the farmer could have increased his acreage under wheat. Mr. Reseigh said that he was in favour of the immigration of suitable settlers from Great Britain. They must he men and women prepared to join the ranks of the settlers in the back country, and help to pay the great national debt. He did not believe in placing soldiers on land which was financially overburdened. The better scheme was to place the men on Crown lands, of which there was plenty available. The men could he repatriated under this system for something like one third of the money, and with a 100 per cent, better chance of making a success. It was a wilful waste of public money to shift the seat of Government to Canberra. He appealed to the electors to vote for the "Farmers' Three for the Senate. They represented the party which had not gone mad. j 