THE ORTHOGRAPHY OF SUR NAMES. The newly appointed Colonial Secretary, Mr. Broun, is being heckled in certain quarters oa tiie ground that he 'does not know how to spell his own name— or alterna tively, that he has altered the spell ing for 'side.3' As to the first in dictment, it might be brought against the world's greatest literary genius — the Swan of Avon, to wit. Sometimes he wrote it ' 'Shake- spearfc,.'' sometime® 'Shakspere'' ; and in legal documents it occasion ally appeared as 'Shakspeare.' In the spacious days of great Elizabeth spelling was in its# infancy. Sur names were a relatively new inven tion, and their orthography was re gulated in very similar fashion to that followed by the Wellers, pere et fils. of Pickwick, when judicially , interrogated as to how the pat ronymic should be spelt, 'Accord' to the taste of the speller, me Lord. I spells it with a.'We.'' Hence the immortal and inimitable Sam broached the great alpha betical controversy in which' our Colonial Secretary is now involved. When the Phoenicians, some 6u centuries ago, evolved that tre mendous monument of human in genuity, the alphabet, from the Egyptian hieroglyphics, they did not recognise any distinction be tween u, v and w. The Hellenic ana the Latinic adaptations of the Phoenician signs did not differ-] entiate either ; and the Latin script , becoming the written character ot the civilised world, it was not till the 10th century that the 'u' was adopted to represent the vowel, and 'V the consonant sound. A century later, 'tt-' was developed, ? ?' as a sort of 'ligature' represent ing two 'W' with a vowel sound.. The character 'w!; is simply two | 'vV' conjoined. Hence 'w' ana 'u:; became convertible characters ; and (as in Chaucer1 s time — as his j poems still show) the 'u' form was | predominant. We may laugh or break small wit on men of the j great Brown gens, who spell their ! patronymic '''Broun, Broune,. or j Browne' ; but as a matter of fact. 1 in so doing they are simply retam ! ing. or reverting to, the original orthography. Then also, in respect; to the ancient and honourable class of. 'Smiths,' tiie old Saxon word 'smit' means simply a 'striker/' General Smuts — who is a South African striker—spells his name according to its- original root under a Dutch variation. But in England the letter 'y' was almost univer sally used for 'i' up to Chaucer's time. Spencer, though contempor ary of Shakespeare, systematically followed tiie ancient style in his spelling. Hence the 'Smitns' spelt their name as 'Smyth'; and, if they were sticklers for old usage, | added the 'e' which phonetically | softened the word. Present day 'Smyths'1 and 'Smythes' may be accused of 'putting on side' in respect to their patronymics ; but really they are simply using the original spelling of their name. It was not till printing was intro duced into England— in the reign of Edward II. , when Caxton printea in Westminster Chapel the first; book in English, 'The Mort D' Arthur' — that consistent spelling became possible. Previously ail books were 'transcribed by hand, and every transcriber spelt as seemed good unto him. Even the spelling of proper names did not 'matter : because every one who was 'anybody' used a 'seal,' which was equivalent — and more than equivalent in those days — to a signa ture. 'Witness my hand and seal' I was, and still is a legal formula. The 'hand' might be easily forged; the counterfeiting of a 'seal' was then almost an impossibility. But when 'the comp' came on the scene, with rigid instructions to 'follow copy,' a fixed and! regular system of spelling inevitably fol lowed. We have not, even yet, got rid of some of our orthographic legacies in the way of variations, and any standard, dictionaries will give the anxious inquirer after ac curate spelling, dozens of cases in which several forms are given — one as correct as the other. . There is, in fact, a great outstanding schism 'between England and the United States in respect to., that ever troublesome letter 'u.' Eng land derived many words from the Latin through the French ; and in French they acquired an extra 'u,' as in honour, colour, favour, etc., etc. England retains this 'u,'' be cause it shows how the word was introduced into the language. But America insists that, as the 'u'_is phonetically superfluous, the orig inal Latin 'honor, color, favor' should be used. Naturally enough, British conservatism in spelling was most strongly displayed in respect to surnames. That 'Cholmondeley' should spell 'Chomley,' and 'Mar- joribanks' stand for 'Marchbanks,' greatly astonishes . the phoneticlov ing American. As Mrs. Massachu setts bewilderdly observed, on re-, turning from London to Boston — , 'There was a lady who spelt her name 'Cholmondeley'— and upon my soul, she called herself 'March- j banks.' ' However, family names are as the laws of the Medes and : Persians among Englanders, and \ the spelling has to stand — because j it is historic — whatever the pro- j nunciation may become. ] Still surnames are not with us a j very ancient institution. Our Anglo- S Danish ancestors had) none. They ; received their Christian names from ] some quality or characteristic they j had, or were expected to have. ! Bear, wolf, warrior, and spear — ] with a qualifying adjective, are re- j presented in Bern-ard. Ethel-wulf, i Here-ward, Ed-gar. For further j distinction a man was called, by a I nick-name as Harold Blue-tooth, j or, like Harold the last king of the j English, after his father Harold j Godwin-son. The Greeks had no j surnames. The Romans developed j them only after the Rape of the j Sabines made it necessary to estao- ! lish family and tribal distinctions ! among the gang of free-booters who j founded! the Imperial City under Romulus. For example; Great Cae sar had Caius for a pre-nomen, j Julius for his family _ and Caesar ! (which means 'Harry'), for his per- j sonal name. . Surnames began to ! show up in England about 200 years i after the Norman conquest ; but the British are not a highly-imaginative people. They manufactured sur names by adding 'son' to the pa ternal Christian name, Richard, for j example, developed into Richard- j son, Dick-son, Dicken-son, and so j on. Then personal appearance — I Long, short, little, brown, black, i or grey — or the trade — hawker, hun- | ter fowler, saddler, tanner, etc., { of the individual furnished a patro- ] nymic. Scotch and Irish, using the i prefix Mac or O instead of the affix i 'son.' manufactured another series j of surnames. The Welsh 'Ap,' i which also means 'son,' was press ed into service. Ap Rhys, for in stance, became Price or Bryce, and Ap Owen resolved itself into Bowen. Then a man's habitation or ownership gave 'him a name — as in ley, lea, lee. wood, well, hill and dale. Lastly, there was the terri torial surname — honoured in Eng land mainly in respect to peers, ( while in Scotland every cock-laird \ that owned! a farm was called by the j name of his holding. British sur names, then, would seem to- afford i a reliable means of tracing national j origin, but this is not absolutely | fact. When Louis XIV., in 1685, j revoked the religious toleration Act) | known as the Edict of Nantes, and i exiled all his Huguenot subjects, most of them emigrated to England ? — to her great industrial advantage. The exiles retained! their names un til the French revolution. The hor ror which the Red Reign of Terror, and the execution of Marie Antoin ette excited, caused most of the descendants of the French immi grants to 'translate' their names into Fjiglieh- ' Tims M.- Le Noir, be t' ..... .... . \ i ' came Mr. Black ; Le Blanc turned ! into Mr. White ; Forrestier into Wood ; La Riviere into Rivers, and i i Le Brun into plain Brown. ' The ! ' descendants of the last-named clan j j should most certainly be conceded j j the right, like our new Colonial Sec- I i refcary. to spell their name with j I a 'n.' ? i 