THE CHARM OF HOMER After puzzling long about kIte charm of Homer, 1 once applied to a learned friend, and said to him, "Cau, you tell me why Homer is so interesting I Why can't you and I write as he wrote I Why is it that his art was lost with him, and that to-day it is impossible to. quicken such interest as he did?" "Well," said my friend, "I have meditated on that a great deal, but it seems to me it comes to about this: Homer looked long at a thing. Why," said he, "do you know that if you should hold up your thumb and look at it long enough, you would find it immensely interesting " Homer looks long at his thumb; he sees precisely the thing he is deal ing with. He does not confuse it with anything else. It is sharp to him; and because it is sharp to him it stands out sharply for us over all these thousands of years.--George Herbert Palmer. New York, March 11. Mr. Frank Simonds cables from Paris:--"The allied plenipotenti aries have decided that the Rhine must form Germany's western fron-1 tier, while the old western bound- I ary of Poland that existed before Poland was partitioned in 1772 will I be Germany's eastern frontier. Germany will also lose the Danish speaking population of Schleswig and the Polish speaking population of upper Silesia. France will gain Alsace-Lorraine and the Saar coal fields. German-Austria will pro bably be allowed to join Germany. An independent Rhinish republic will be created on the left bank of the Rhine." Paris, March 14. The Supreme War Council has decided to compel Germany to re linquish her lease of Kiao-Chao and her other concessions in China. Paris, March 13. Unofficial reports from Berlin and Weimar indicate intense dissatisfac tion in German Government circles at the severity of the military and naval terms imposed by the allies. Apparently it is suggested that the Ebert Government, rather than ac cept the terms, may resign and let the allies follow their own course. This might necessitate the occupa tion of the whole of Germany by allied troops. Montreal, March 13. The United Press correspondent in Paris states :--"French opinion believes that the plan of permitting Germany to organise a voluntary army of 300,000 men for twelve years' enlistment will give the re sult that within five years Germany will have a well officered army of teveral million men. It is pointed out that the long period of enlist ment will encourage many young men to take up a military career, and the traising will practically be an officer's course. A large number of vettrans of t ie present war are young men able to serve in the future German armies." Paris, March 15. The Germans have accepted the allies' demands for the surrender of their merchant vessels, and these will be handed over in the same way as the navy. A large quantity of army food stores have already been delivered in the occupied areas of Germany. London, March 16. Admiral Wemyss reports that the German delegates acquiesced in the surrender of the merchant ships without discussion. The proceed ings were of the most concise and frigid character. The allies have arranged to send the Germans 370,000 tons of wheat, meat, and condensed milk monthly, and to allow the Germans to fish in the Baltic. They are forwarding 100,000 tons of potatoes immediately for the occupied territories. London, March 17. Germany's payment for foodstuffs will be made by means of credits in neutral countries, certain permitted exports, including coal and timber, and sums earned by the surrendered ships. Germany will immediately pay eighteen million sterling to the National Bank of Belgium. as guar ontee. A gold reserve of a hun dred million remains available. for reparation purposes. The ships will be worked under an inter-allied board with the assistance of one German delegate, and portions or the German crews will be retained, except where the ships are used for transporting troops. An a'lied economic commission is being es tablished in Hamburg to deal with freights. The vessels will be hand ed over in various porbs with no formal surrender. Paris: March 14. \- The question of whether New Zea land shall share with the Common wealth the control of Ngura island is still unsolved. Tue value of the island lies in its phosphate deposits, and the agicultural requirements of both claimants make its joint use desirable. The matter has been die cussed by the British Empire Federation. Mr. Hughes insists on sole conttrol by the Commonwealth, I and any mutual arrangements np pears remite. It is therefore pcs sible that .Britain may remove the cause of heartburning by accelting the mandate over the island hersel?. Paris, March 14. ,If. Andre Tardieu says it is quite impossible for the peace treaty to be signed on the 20tn inst. Paris, March 14. I It is expected that the financial embargo on loans fo Germany will shortlx be lifted. Paris, March 14. The Labour Commission recom mends that the first Labour con ference be Leld in Washington. London March 16. 1 The "Sunday Express" correspon dent in Berlin says :-"The Govern-i ment troops executed fifteen hun dred persons in the last four days, including numbers of women. Cap tain de l'Armiche, the officer en trusted with the executions, says that it will require a week to exe cute the remaining nrisoners." New York, March 13. Despatches from Berlin say that a German industrial league has been organised with a fund of 12 million dollars for t.-e purpo:e of opposing I Bolshevism. London, March 17. It is persistently reported that the i Russian Bolsheviks are preparing to invade Germany. London March 17. The "Daily News" correspondent in Berlin says that in consequence of recent events the Government may be reconstructed by the inclu sion of Independents. Herr Noske is I apparently increasingly under the control of the reactionaries, whose ultimate object is a militarist, pos sbly a monarchist, restoration. Paris, March 16. General von Arnim, aged 76, who was recently commanding in Flan ders, fired on peasants who were trespassing in his park in search :of firewood. A mob of peasants then invaded his chateau, killed the Gen eral with cudgels and pillaged the chateau. " London, March 17. Advices from Weiinar say that al though Herr Noske has announced that the Spartacist insurrection is definitely crushed, there are wide spread fears of a renewed outbreak accompanied by a general strike throughout the country. (From the Official Correspondent with the Australian Imperial Force). (Copyright Reserved to the Crown). Belgium, March 10. There are many men of the Aus tralian force to-day, watching with saddened hearts the sale of the horses they learnt to love during the war. An order has gone forts :that all the horses and mules in the corps must be sold. None will be permitted to .go back to Austra lia. Two reasons are sufficient; the 'difficulty of transport--ships are hard enough to obtain for men-and the quarantine precautions on ar rival at an Australian port. These reasons are enough to make it not worth while to take any of the ani !mals out of Europe. Both horses and mules have been divided into classes; those .of the better quality are being sold in 'England, and the remainder are sold in Belgium and 'France. Any unfit for these two classes fall to the local butcheirs, and appear in due course at the dinner table of some family to whom bullock's flesh is a rarity. At the end of January there were 22,000 horses and mules in the corps. Already 6700 have been sold,. 3200 to England, and 3500 on this side of the Channel. A strict supervision is maintained over the sales. The well-being of the animals ih watch ed with sound precautions. All the sales are made through divisions under the control of the Vetteinsary Service, working with Frepch and Belgian missions. Prices have been rumiung high. the average for horses reaching £41, and for mules £27. In Belgium there is not so great a shortage of horses as in France, but better prices are panid. The mnule is a little known animal in Belgium, as is shown by an amus ing incident at a recent sale. A man desired one for breeding pur poses, unaying a good price for tie sale. The local auctioneer, who has authority to sell, announces the fact by large bills. saying: "Vent publique de enevaux ct. mn!es anglais.'" Then follows the full description. In some plliCcc the town crieci, mioit ancient of institutions, warns all the inhabitants in a deelp monot.onoes voice that a sale will be hel: (n a certain day. The day arrives. The hoises and mules are modered under the supervision of ,n officer especially detailed to see lInt.a none are sold for Iess than he thinks I they are. worth. By some curIious arrangement the auctioneer re?cives 21 per cent. commission from t?, , British Government, and aso lexics I4 per cent. on the purchaser over and above the price paid, thus getting G( per cent. oni each animal. i'he buyer receives a certificate thai. the animal is free from contagious disease, and was passed by a quali fied veterinary officer. In return he signs a declaration that he is able properly to feed and maintain the animals bought. The Government reserves the right of inspecting an animal and reclaiming it if ihe con ditions are not fulfilled. No one of enemy origin is aloiw ed to buy, nor may an Australian soldier attempt to purchase an old favourite. At one sale £85 was paid for a pair of mules. The now owner harnessed them to a carriago, driving off in great style. Hle knew little of the risk he ran, but they proved amiable, with the result that there was a vigorous sale of .mules during that auction. Cape Town. March 14. In the Assembly this afternoon, when the Minister of the Interior asked leave to introduce the Enemiec Repatriation and Denationalis Ii m) Bili, the Nationalists opposed the first reading, denouncing the bill as due to Unioinst pressure and trade jealousy. Every Nationalist member present ed a petition against the introduc tion of this German deportarnm bill, urging the close relations be tween the South African and 1xer man peoples. German immigratut, they said were orderly and peace 1loving; they would throw in their 'lot with the Africanders, and would consequently . be a -source of strength. Any measure against Germans was an insult to Afrikan ders. They urged that no measure should be adopted bea;ring the sem blance of being directed against the German inhabitants of South Africa, 'German immigration, or German Itrade. Berne, March 13. A priest, who. was formerly con-i fessor to the wife of the murdered: Archduke Francis Ferdinand, hasi published a . pamphlet accusing. Count Tisza, the then Hungarian Foreign Minister, of direct compli city in the Serajevo crime.. He points out that no inquiry was ever I held, and that there was a notorious lack of precautions for the Arch duke's safety. Paris, March 13. The "Journal ; des Iebats" pub- I lishes from the Serbian Minister a despatch sent from the Austrian Ambassador in Berlin prior to the war showing that Germany counted on Serbia's refusing the Austrian ultimatum, and warned • Austria against accepting British offers of mediation. Washington, March 13. An official despatch fromc Paris says:-"The Stockholm .'tocial De mocraten'. publishes an :interview with von Ludendorff, wherein he says that German military power has for ever vanished. He :attributes Germany's defeat to 'von: Moltke's deficient strategy, von Falkenhayn's defective direction, the poor infor mation supplied by the .German in telligence service, and pairticularly to Austria's: inability to help Ger many, which was caused by . the Italian army's tenacious fighting." New York, March 13. The "New York Times" corres pondent in Paris learns that Arab risings against Europeans and Ar menians, the news of which has been suppressed, occurred i in the Euphrates valley. .. Several Euro peans were killed. 'Franco-British troops suppressed the rioters and ar rested the leaders. More than fifty Armenians were killed in Aleppo and Adana. ad Adaa. ondon, hari 1. . In the House of Conmmons to day General Seely stated ,at du' g.:g the war the British bi'oI:,;t down !8000 German aeroplanes, aid the Germuans brought down '-.00 Brlit,;h. New York, !arcih 13. The police yesterday raided the headquarters of the Anmercu I r.icn (of Russiasi Peasant ,irkers, and arrested 200 men a In: w..mv among whom uare alleg.d - obbe vists and anarchists. A lot af loiera ture -was conifiscated. Scoie rf tli prisioers will probably ,!,q<,, No violence occuri'd. L / non. . wl .i .,. .Advices from, l;..r:in o. tEI:a'i IPro fessor Schiemnann. t2 ex- ,i-r's i confidential advi"r u: l Hns-itan af fairs, discloses i.., 0.:- d? .q to J1 14 the Ruassitan !.,. "des patches 'from L, .l, ito t, le Ministry of Foreign , :iairs vwere re gularly communicat ed' to (Cermany. The despatches were ti.oale'l firom the Kaiser for fear inhat h' w'ould make indiscreet pu)Ill.ic rI'eferCs, andcl thus end the ,lakagc. -'ro fessor Sehiemanun idicates the source of ,e treachery. London, March 17. British destroyers safely escortes three steamers tarrying t-he Be! gian State TreaTurer to Antwerp with all the State documents, b.il lion, and Savings Banks securities, which were deposited in Englana at the outbreak of the war. London, March 17. -A Russian wireless message claims that the Bolsheviks in North Russia have advanced on the Dvina river and captured Vystavka, 140 miles south-eastward of Archangel. Cairo, March 17. Riots have followed the resigna tion of the Egyptian Premier and the deputation of several leading Egyptian Nationalists, including two ox-Ministers. They were quickly Isuppressed, and some four hundred persons were arrested. London, March 15. The Coal Commission heard tur ther evidence to-day as to the effect that the miners'- demands would have on coal exports. Witnesses -emphasised the growing competition of America for the South American markets. If the miners' demands involved an addition of 8/2 per ton to the price of coal the expor ters could not compete with America unless they obtained a re duction of freightage. Mr. Balfour, a member of the commission, pointed oat that the Government's offer of a shilling a day advance in the wages of a, mil lion miners would involve an in crease of . £13,750,000 annually, whereas a 30 per cent. increase would involve fifty million a year. London, March 16. Mr. J. H. Thomas, M.P., secre tary of the Railwaymen's Union, said in an interview in London yes terday :---"While I hope for the best, the situation is black. The miners and the railwaymen, will insist on the Government's recognising the principle of the nationalisation of the mines and the railways." London, March le. Mr. Lloyd George is closely watching the labour crisis in Eng land, and may possibly return to London next Friday. - . It is expected that Sir Auckland Geddes, in response to insistent popular demand,. will announce a series. of concessions in the Trans port Bill, including a modification of the Minister's powers. Mr. Lloyd George will probably return at the end of the week in view of the fate ful Labour decision that is pending. Washington, March 13. The United States Tariff Commis sion has issued a report dealing with Japan's foreign trade, which min creased from 670 million dollars in 1913 to 1310 million dollars in 1917. Japan's exports amounted to 406 million in 1913, and to 801 million in 1917\. Her imports were 264 million in 1913 and 517 million in 1917. The greatest grain exports were- to China. The exports to British India amounted to 14 million in 1913 and 50 million in 1917. The exports to Australia amounted to four million in 1913 and 14 million in 19i7. Peking, March 13. A widespread independence move nent is on foot in Korea, and thoua cands of demonstrators in towns. , and villages, have been arrested. The Korean Nationalists have arranged parades all over the country. New York, March 13. Business men express relief at the publication of a statement by the Department of Commerce that it had received a cab!e message from its commercial aRttache in Melbourne, Sstating that the report that Austra lia had declared an embargo on ail manufa-t.ures save of British origin, was incorreot. London, Marc. ! 4. A by-lection held yesterday *for Leyton West in consequuence of the death of Colonel Wrightson resulted as follows:-Newbould (Liberal). 7834; Mason (Coalitionist), 5915. (Ait. the general election the Ioll 'g '~ as:--Colonel H.. Wrxghtion, (?o?olition Unionist. 10,956; A E. Newbould. Liberal, 5288.) Cape Town, March 14. lhe ri st of living commission in i. report to Parliament recom minhY.i .legislation to enable the (',vE'rr:nlant to grant loans to muni ci.:dlities for housing purposes, and to ct'lomlel all Union manufacturers to lsupplily goods to co-operative so cioties at tlhe; same terms as to who:,lt-:'al dealers. London, March 13. Tlhe battil cruiser New Zealand arrived to-day at P]'rt. Said. L;ord Jelli.oe has gone to Cairo, and will raioin the cruiser at Suea, 