I Notes from Various Sources j A Fox in the Cloisters. What Reynard expected l<> lind in I In cloisters of Newman College when he sneaked in there yesterday is not known. It is unlikely, howevef, that he expected anyone to limi him. hut that is just where his vulpine sagaeiiv failed him. He quite overlooked the tact that his aroma could not possibly he m s- laken for the odour of sanctity. "He | had linen there tint a passing while when all the chamber smelt him." and brer fox was undone. He was "up 'against it." anil student hunters, sui>- Istituling strident "Tally IIos!" for silent meditation, were closing in on j hiin. The chase was arduous, and t ie j quarry difficult to corner as an ecclesi- ;astical dialectit ian. Of course Lie j method adopted by the Spartan hoy w is | possible, but it didn't appeal to any- j one. To seize a fox with hare hands. | put it under one's coat and smile, while it gnaws one's vilals, is quite out of date: beside, there were no Spartans about. Finally Reynard, who was at bay. snarling and showing his teeth, was lasooed and handled with boxing gloves. Fox skins are worth £1 a piece just now. — Melbourne "Age." The "Age" is trying to be funny at the expense of "the ecclesiastical dia- lectitian" and fails rather miserably — like the fox. A little "silent medita tion" might be tried with advantage by the would-be funny "cub" reporter, who seems to know more about "vul pine aroma" than the correct version of the apocryphal Spartan thief's ex ploit. English Catholic Schools Should Come In for a Grant. Mr. Fisher (President of the Board! of Education) stated in the Commons on the third reading debate on the Consolidated Fund Bill that in view of the fact that there were thousands of Catholic children in Great Britain be ing educated in elementary schools, he had come to the conclusion that Catho lic schools should come in for a grant and receive the same assistance as other schools. » Developing the State. Sir Robert Philp, speaking at a gathering of the Caledonian Society and Burns Club recently, strongly urg ed the introduction of a class of immi grant who would go on the land. "We want men here," he said, "who do not want Government billets, and who do not want to be policemen or keep public houses. We want self-reliant individ uals." They hoped that the Agent- General elect would succeed in sending out a class of sturdy Scotchmen, and indeed, sturdy Englishmen and Irish men also. The time had come when peopl emust not look for easy jobs, but must study economy and work like Un people did 40 or 50 years ago. People! did not require Government help' Good men were turned into bad men by being given rations. Queensland's great need was the development of the land. Our towns were far too b;g. and our country population far too small. Wild Bird Slaughter; a Protest. Father Bernard Yaughan, S.J.. is one of the signatories to a letter sent tr Lloyd George protesting against trade in birds' feathers, and asking the pre vention of wild bird slaughter for mil linery purposes. Catholics and Australian Development. Mr. C. C. I.azzarini, M.L.A., at a Hi bernian breakfast at Granville, recent ly. had something interesting to say about the economic wrongs which should he redressed in the community, t here were so-called Catholic leaders, he said, who talked glibly enough, but when it came to handing out even- handed justice, their sympathies were not with the rank and iile. The Catho lics wore doing more to develop Aus tralia, and to make its inhabitants a Christian people, than any other sect in the community. Wilson. Weak peoples everywhere sland ready to give us any authority among (hem t hat will assure ttiem a like friendly (U.S.A. dealings with Cuba) oversight and direction. They know that there is no ground for fear in re ceiving us as their mentors and guide-.. — President Wilson. There is no reason to ape those en thusiasts who swung the incense box before Wilson, believing they had dis covered a new world saviour. At last he came to Europe, a physician clothed with the highest authority, and now he returns to America a poor, misguided, badly bungling quack doctor, secretly derided by his own allies. As even his rhetorical "stunts" permitted us to an ticipate, Wilson was a true type of those professors of whom we ourselves claim the right to judge with unshak able positiveness things they do not know. He was not a marble bust, but wax in the hands of the Polish piano virtuoso and female amateur politi cians. Should Americans hail him as a great man, they must be very naive, indeed. — Theodore Wolff, in the "Tage- blatt." The world has been made safe for hypocrisy. — Sir Edward Carson. Wilson assured the English Govern ment that the Irish in the U.S.A. could be ignored as far as recognition by the League of Nations was concerned. The result has proved otherwise, for al ready it is admitted that several amend ments must be made before it becomes acceptable to the American people. Wilson is a very sick man both men tally and physically these days. Marshal Foch. If Marshal Foch should succeed M. Poincare as President of the French Republic an interesting precedent would be recalled, for it was another famous soldier. Marshal MacMahon, who was called upon to build up the doubtful prospects of the Third Repub lic in 1873, and no soldier has held the post since he resigned in 1879. Chinese, Irish — and English. Here is a real pet from the "West": "M. Harald R. Scavenius. ex-Danish .Minister to Russia, reports that M. Radek (the Bolshevik Minister) has es tablished a special revolutionary school in Moscow, where agitators from all countries (including Chinamen and Irishmen) are being trained in revolu tionary ideas. Subsequently they will retu rn to their respective countries as missionaries of revolution." Why special mention should be made of Chinese and Irish it is difficult to understand. It may be that they are looked up to for sound judgment, and as the representatives of two great old civilisations. It may equally happen that their well-defined inclusion may arise from the fact that they are stupid> ignorant, etc., but, if such be the case, we are at a loss to know why English men. who are as reactionary, stupid, and backward as may be found else where. should not have the benefit of special mention. 