STATE TREASURER'S REPORT IS READY FOR CABINET. Surplus Will Be "Wisely Used." When the State Treasurer (Mr. McPherson arrived in Melbourne by the Sydney express yesterday, accompanied by the Premier (Mr. Lawson), who went to Albury to welcome him, every member of the Ministry was waiting on the' station to greet him Mr. McPherson had been away for five months, and though he had a strenuous time in attending to many important State affairs the trip was beneficial from a health point of view. After expressing his pleasure to be home again, Mr. McPherson said that he would submit a report to Cabinet on Monday on the various questions' he had investigated on account of the State. These included finance, is the selection of a chief railway commissioner, immigration, the : appointment of State Governors, and- State control of the milk supply. He had ascertained that- in.England the war-time control of the milk supply, which still existed, 'Iud j. resulted in more expeditious' delivery from '" the dairy farms, as the milk from the -v northern portion of England was kept for JJ the northern towns. In New York he ascertained that the people were suffering from a milk trust, so His inquiries on the subject in America were not satisfactory..'' "The Danish director of Agriculture, who has an office in London,", said Mr. McPherson,' gave me many pamphlets on the milk question, but they were in the Danish language, and I posted them to- Mr. Bowser, who was then Minister for Health, so that he might translate them in his spare time if he cared to dose. '?"'- England this - its industrial problems, which are world-wide,'' ¦; Mr. McPherson continued, but so far as the engineering industry is concerned employers are being faced with inordinate demands for wages, and as a result they fear that he "ere long they will be compelled to forego the great bulk of their export trade by reason of the fact that America is undercutting then. In London merchants were quoting Australian buyers for American steeling ill in ton as against 15 a ton for the British article. Speaking at a luncheon to members of the House of Commons, I pointed out that Australia, from patriotic motives, desired to trade with Great Urila in ; but "we' could not afford to give preference when the prices were, in some cases SO percent:' higher than the American quota. it's'. To bring about certain improvements in the shipping from an Australian point of view I conferred with the manager of the Commonwealth shipping line in London (Mr. Larkin). One of the concessions granted by Mr. Larkin after he had conferred with Mr. Muches was that goods consigned from England to Australia,' by the Commonwealth steamer would' be under the same bill of lading of goods sent from; Australia to England. A rcciucsVnn these lines emanated from Australia, and one of the benefits will be that the consignee will now be protected from loss through break-, ago of goods en route from England to Aus trails',' as well as from Australia'to..Eng- land." ." ': . Mr. McPherson Will resume control of the State Treasury to-day. and next month he will present his Budget Speech to the Legislative Assembly. He remarked that the Taxpayers' Association need have no fear concerning the use to: which, last year's, surplus of £330,000 would be put "It will be wisely used, he said, 'This my policy is that for every £1 spent" by the State there should be 200 worth of value." 