Peace Conference. . . a ITALI0-8ERBIAN DEADLOCK. Paris, Friday. The ooofenence is bearing tlfe Serb ian claims. Tbe Italians are unable to accept the arbitration suggestion, ft is regarded as. impossible that one member of tbe conference should act in pOace of the conference as a whole. The olaims a*o being considered in re ference to the treaty entered into be tween Italy and Great Britain, but if tbe Roumanian precedent is followed the oase will be beard irrespective of tibe treaty. APPEAL REFUSED. Italy Urns refused to entertain Ser bia's appeal that President Wiko' arbi trate. Therefore the methodg hitherto applied to territorial probtans will be continued. FUTURE OF ESTHONiA. The Esthpndan delegates addressed the British journalists on tbe country's position. They eiAogised the help given by the British navy. Their country was, they said, now freed from the Bol slbeviks. The new Gorman Government had offered tlie Esthonians arms. Es tbonja desired to maintain her freedom as a democratic country, and hoped under the League of Nations to work out her own setf- determitration. THE LABOR COMMISSION. The Labor Commission has agreed that two Government delegates for eaoh State, as well as one represenUoc the employers and one the workers, shall attend tbe Labor Conferences, eadh having one vote. THE BULGARIAN FRONTIER. The Serbians desire a rectification of the Bulgarian frontier, whioU win repair injustices done by tbe Berlin Con gress of 1878. SIGNIFICANT INCIDENT. The 'Daily TetegtiaptiV Paris cor respondent states that a. significant in cident is that tbe representatives of the Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes have informed M. aemencetuu, the Frenril) Premier, that they have appealed to President Wilson to arbitrate their tor. ritonal differences with Italy. It is not yet known whether Italy agrees to this proposal, but tbe incident calls attention to the fact that this is a de liberate attempt to remove tfbe decision of an important question from tbe con. farenoe's purview. It must be admit ted that it is not the first sign of flog ging respect shown to tlhe conference's work, which is not unjustified, owing to tiie conference's dftatory methods, vagueness, and vacillation. ITALIAN CLAIMS. It is reported tlhat Italy trx^ly demands Fiume. Possibly the Cabinet «fll resign if this is not conoeded. 'OUT UP' OF TERRITORY. It is believed that the question of Baoat has been solved by Servia tak ing the agricultural portion and taw ing Rommania witti tie mountainous mineral area. It was found there wore historical and eoonomio grounds for this division. ABOUT SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEIN. A Danish delegation aisked the. Su pram* Council for «, plebiscite on tlhe question of tlie own*rfj«j- of ScUes wig-Hoistein, with a view of the re turn of the norUbarn Half to Denmark. The Supreme Council heard Den mark's claims for portion of Sohles wig, and referred it to comnvttee AUSTRO-GERMAN UNITY. Tlhe 'New York Evening Sun's' Paris correspondent says tfbat America, oontrary to French expressions, favors tbe union of Austria and Gertnsny, under the 'principle of ?etf-determina' tion. This has not solved the. dim cutty of dealing witih Austria and Ger many separately. FREEDOM OF LABOR. Fnxrtoro tas arisen in the special committee between the advocates of tlhe British and American Labor plans. Tlie Americans oppose freedom at T-alioi to seek employment , in any country on the ground that the proposal con flicts witih the proposal to restrict the immigration of foreign labor to Ameri ca. 