TRADE RESUMEIMVITH GERMANY CONSULS AND AMBASSADORS TO flE APPOINTED AT ONCE. {United Serrice Special Cable.) lAjnaoa, Juiy mil. — The British Board of Trade is issuing general lieen »es authorising tiie resumption of trade with Germany with certain reserva tions. The 'Daily Mail' says that the Por «iSu uicie nas aireaay appomcea jBn tish Consuls to Germany, who will as sume th*ir posts shortly. An Ambas sador will soon be appointed. The Government will j^ive every facility to British merchants trading in Germany, Berlin newspapers forecast that B'ern storff will take the Embassy' at Ronn\ Coutit Rantzau at Vienna, and Maxi muiian llaixlen at Washmgton. America had huge stocks in Dutch and Danish ports, and commerce has already entered Germany. A new Hamburg-American service of steamers has been planned. The spirit of Ger iiany seems to be brightening The people are taking a more optimistic view of the commercial opportunity. The first German commercial traveller has arrived at Rio de Janeiro. He de clared that large quantities of merchan dise were stored in Germany, and em phasised that the lowness of the mark was an advantage to German trade. - The TTnited. States Government au thorised the resumption of commercial relations with Germany from the 12th. contracted by Germans before the war, 1 also all interest on sliares and securi- I ties. ' j A Bill has been introduced iu the I Fjencli Chamber, in conformity with the Treaty, providing for the realisa tion of German property in France, inr eluding houses and banking accounts. The amount realised will be deducted from tho reparation payments. The French have demanded larjze aumbers of free German laborers, im mediately, to beg'ji the clearing up --f devastated 'areas conditionally on the return of prisoners. (Published in thr London 'Times.') London, July 19th. — The Allies have formally refused Hitidenberg and HoH weg's requests to be tried in ylaee of Recognising that extensive immigra tion cannot be prevented, the German Government is arranging with Argen tine to ts&tabltsh; instraetionai farms, ?;vhere Germans will work for a year or two without rtmun'eratiou. Numerous officers are emigrating. The, London '.'Times' correspondent at Paris says that after 20 hours' djs-. cussion the Socialist Congress resolved by a majority of 1366 -against ratifica tion of the Peace Treaty. The Con gress decided to expel supporters oi' ratification. 