. ? i i ANTHOLOGY OF ANECDOTE f! Y "Smith1 Weekly" wonts your bat Y storiu of the toils and the wags. Serdtktm ' ; along ' All accepted will be paid for. . > > ? > > ? > ? ? > ? ? > ? > ? ? ; One night John , Norton was ad dressing a Surry Hills crowd when a man per- sisted in asking questions. He spoke with so "thick" a voice that it ,was hard to make out what he said. "I can't understand you," said Nor ton; "take the soap out of your mouth and wash your face with it." "Mr. Aspinall," said a miner at a Ballarat meeting, "if I ask you a . straight question, will you give me a straight reply?" "Yes," replied the lawyer, "I will, if possible. Then came the question: "Mr. Aspinall, what is it make9 your nose so red?" "Blushing at your damned impu dence," explained the barrister. © © © Bishop Salvado, of New Norcia, W.A., once had occasion to ask one of his faithful aborigines how he had managed to make scones without water, a With pride gleaming in his eyes, the darkey replied: "My farder ,'im show me how. I takem flour; roll 'im up in my 'and; put 'im in my mowf to "make 'im wet; roll 'im up agen an' cook 'im." © © 9 Queensland Judge Blake's partiality for fresh butter secured him a wife. After repeated changes in his house hold at Rockhampton he sent to the Immigration Depot for a girl "who can make butter," and in response to his application a buxom Danish lass was sent. She filled the bill so well that the Judge hurried her to church and fixed "up a life- contract. N.S.W. Premier Dibbs was once much annoyed by the constant visits of a man seeking a messenger's billet. After the sixth" call, Sir George sent for .his own messenger. "You see that man just gone out?" "Yes, sir." "Well, he's after- your job, and' if he ever gets in here again he'll get it." The Premier never again saw the ap plicant. > i > George Reid ! was onqe ad dressing a hostile poltical audience when some one threw an egg which struck him on the cheek. The audience shrieked as the over-ripe > yoke trickled dojvn on to the candidate s collar, but it was the turning point of the meeting. As he carefully wiped away the horrid meBS _Sir George remarked with great feeling, "Thank 'God, the great Auk is ex tinct 1" He was left . unmolested for the rest of the meeting. 9 9 9 The son of a recently-deceased clergyman, who is also a parson, does not dress in orthodox clerical garb, but more as a first- flight "drummer." Some time ago this reverend son of a reverend father was appointed to a parish. He called one day at the house of a parishioner, and the door was opened by a plump, middle-aged woman,, who, as soon as she caught sight of his reverence, said in a good old Irish brogue, "No, thank ye, our tav aeint called yesterday,' and she banged the door- -T.G.F. © © © "IM.B.": Your story, "King George and the Wheelbarrow," is well- authenticated, but lacks part of the finishing touch. Years ago I tra velled over the same route, while the incident was still young, and was shown the wheelbarrow, also I was taken over the track it travelled. In stead, however, of the Prince landing his brother at the groom's feet, he tumbled him into a shallow grassy hole, and ran away, saying, "Now, my boy, sing God save your Grand mother 1" © © © . Bundabergiensis:— Years ago good old Bishop Webber visited Bundaberg and preached a Sunday afternoon ser mon for the special edification of the children. His, text was singularly ap propriate, and ran: "Fear not, little flock 1" Now the Bishop had a lisp which sometimes made his utterance rather indistinct. One of his young Carers went home in a state of much mental obfuscation. "Mother," she cried, "Our Bishop's such a funny man! Do you know what his text was?" "No, my child, what was it?" "O. mother, it was funny. It .was 'Flip-Flop, Little Frogl' " © © © Jack Want wa9 accused of many things, but never of going too often to church. He preferred fish on Sunday. He was counsel for the co-re. in the notorious Conningham divorce suit. As It was necessary that he should have a knowledge of the sur roundings of St. Mary's Cathedral, for cross-examination purposes, he attended Mass one Sunday morning, and was shown several points in the lay- out of the fane. Next morning a pressman met him outside the Su preme Xourt. "I hear," said the re porter, "that they got you to church yestertjay, for once, Mr. Want." "TJajgy did," said the big K.C., add ing, with a grin: "My fee was 60 guineas." in i i i——— — "Z": — Re malaprop Mayors: In a Western town, a genial old Scot, many times Mayor, and noted for his long, flowing beard, 'which remained sable long after his footsteps had be gun to falter, had occasion to present to Lord Northcotc and address of welcome. Before calling upon the Town Clerk to read the document, His Worship had, of course, to make a little speech "on his own." It be gan with, "Your Royal Highness," which exalted title he continued to bestow upon his Ex. to the end. 'On Empire Day he addressed a gathering of school- children, commencing thus: "Now, cheldr'n, afore we Send ye away up to the peknek grround yan- der, it's ma duty tae remaind ye that we're gathered here tae day to cele brate r death av oor grraqlous Suv- verin, Queen 'Victoria." © © © When the French Mission visited Australia last year they called at Cow Flat. A local bloke had persuaded the other Cows that he could speak French, and offered to deliver an ora tion to General Pau in the Gallic ton gue. The crowd gathered at the sta tion and the French tourists stepped from their train. Thereupon the lin guist was pushed forward to do his ' worst. He confidently commenced: "G6n6ral, parley- vous frongsay?" and as Pau gracefully bowed assent, the genial bloke from Cowland raised his old brown hat and roared: "Three cheers for General Paul" Then he immediately retired amidst great ac clamations to the pub opposite, ( to receive many liquid congratulations on the impression he had made on the distinguished visitor. © © © A lately-deceased ex-M.L.A., a champion financial battler, once gave a publican in his electorate a cheque for board. "Hold this for a month, until first Treasury, and then present it," said the newly-elected, The hotel- keeper, although aware of the M.L.A.'a ability as a financial juggler, did aB he was asked. In due course the cheque was returned marked N.F.S. The holder then wrote drawer and asked what he had better do about it "Send it along next month," replied the M.L.A. Again, and again, the hotel-keeper presented the cheque; un til it was almost covered with the dis turbing initials. On the last occasion the cheque was returned, in the small space left uncovered with bank letters, a 'coffin was drawn, and underneath was written the inscription, "Dead to The Blrnhy World."— T.G.F. 9 9 9 "Elingarah": — A tale pf Australian filial affection. Saw Dan O'Connor with a friend one night in Joe Pow er's pub. in Castlcreagh-street, Syd ney. His complexion was pink and his eyes sparkled. A couple of straw- hatted boys came in and ordered drinks, tendering a sovereign in pay ment. "Good night, Mister O'Con nor," said one of the boys . most deferentially, and Dan, turning round, replied, "How are you, me boy; how's your father?" Just then the barmaid put down the boy's change and the genial Dan promptly picked it up. You dont moind m'e takin' this till Monday, me boy? "How's your fath er?" Tne boy was urged to demand his nineteen bob, but he "cracked hardy." "He's all right." he remark ed, as he left the bar; he knows me father." © © © In the days when all "S.M. Herald" paragraphs began "At the Water Police Court yesterday" many Js.P. occupied the Bench, half-a-dozen re porters were at the Press table, and as many policemen stood round. One morning a good-looking boy of 16 was in the dock with some ruffians. He was charged with an offence, petty in the eyes of the Law. but re garded as terrible by his well-dressed weeping mother, who, when the case was called, approached me with "For God's sake keep my dear boy's name out!" and placed on my copy- paper half-a-sovereign. Amid tne giggles of the police and the other pressmen I hurriedly returned the money. "I'm sorry," said the poor mother, a nice woman with dark eyes and greying hair, "but I have nothing larger with me. Isn't it enough?" "Of course, my dear lady, I replied, "but just look at the crowd I'd have to .divide it amongst!" Silenqe in the Coort! — j.b.s. © © © William Skelton Ewbank Melbourne Charters, the Q. Goldfields warden, who named the Charters Towers fielc. after himself, was a fine, big man, 6ft. 4in. in his socks, and weighed 20st., with an opinion of himself in propor tion; also he wa9 very proud of his four baptismal names. Came before him in court, as a witness, a very in- telligent half-caste, who, on being ask ed h|s name, replied, Thomas Hor atio Victor Emanuel Augustus Adol- phus Theophilus De Seely." "Whatl" thundered Charters. Tom calmly and emphatically repeated the, names. "Were you christened by. those names?" said the magistrate. "Well, I was venr young at that time, and do not clearly remember the circum stances," replied the witness. "Will you swear that those are your names?" again enquired Charters. "Well, as well as any man can; as much as you "Come, none of thatl" said the irate warden. And the case proceed ed. But thereafter De Seely's miner's right bore the initials H.V.E.A.A.T. in addition to the "Thomas" to which he was legally entitled. 9 9 9 The following story is told of the American orator, Daniel Webster: Once, when addressing a meeting at Boston, he was thrice interrupted by an irritating man, who shouted, "Speak up!" Webster took no notice until the third time. Then he turned to the chairman, and let loose this: "Sir, at the Lpst Great Day, when all infinite generations of mankind are gathered together round the footstool of the Throne, await ing the final Judgment; when the heavens are rolled up as in a scroll, and the countenance of the Al mighty is turned towards the good and the evil, the just and the unjust; when the angels with their silver trumpets are sending forth their clarion blast of blessing or of doom; in that great and terrible moment of universal anticipation and mortal dread, as the first words issue from the iqouth of the Omnipotent Recor der, some damned fool from Boston will cry out, "Speak up! Speak up!" © © © "Z,": — He was six years old, and carefully reared in the "fear and ad monition." One day, seeing two big dog9 in the back yard, he went to his mother and asked her to come and see the lions. She went. "Why, you young scamp, they are only dogs. You're a naughty boy. Go inside and ask God to forgive you for such a story." Presently Billy re-appeared, all' smiles, and informed his ma that God had said, "It's all right, old man, — — I thought they were Hons Myself, at'- first." The just-arrived tallest man is nam ed Pat O'Connor, Long ago there was in Sydney another Pat O'Connor. When the nistoric ex-Postmaster- General, Dan O'Connor, went in the same sjhip with a Countess to Albiqn' in the early years of this century, he called in at Tipperary and strayed down to the Spittal, the most Irish part ot that famous town. His in- Sulries were after his father, who had ved and been well-known in Tipper ary, and afterwards in Sydney. 'Hi, Madame," he said to an old lady; , "did you ever hear of one Pat O'Con nor, who lived about here and died' , in Australia?" She hesitated and then ' said, "God be merciful to .his soul, he was a great man; it took six police men to take him to the lock-up whenever he took a sup of drink." © © © The Victorian Parliamentary Com- mittc struck a small Mallee township in mid-summer, and put up at a weather-board pub. Through the thin partitions members going to bed could near their neighbours heaving off bootwear and padding around bare footed. In time these noises, ceased, midnight struck, and still it was so hot that sleep came not. Strong men cursed, turned and wriggled, and to wards morning fell into htful slumber. Just as they were going off there re verberated through the pub. the rol ling cadence of a full-sized snore. Regularly as clock-strike and irritat-- ing as a boil it came. "That's Teddy," said a voice — naming a member of the Commission. There were curses and cries of "shut up," but Teddy snored on. As the sky in the east was paling the others, becoming used even to the horror of this awful noise, began to doze; but as if to utterly cheat them of sleep, the snore took on more new and more appalling qualities. It started in the throat a strong, full-volumed note, rose, then fell away with a rattle, until it end-' ed in a deep-down chest-gurgle. Waking with a start, and hearing this weird noise, a member of the party shouted in alarm, "My God, Teddy's choking!" From down the passage came the fervent comment, "Let the choke." Sale Notice: "Now showing, a fine display of our winter lingerie." 