AFTEIf._tLJJNCH. On resuming alter luucb, the Presi- dent introduced Mr. Vincent, who de livered an interesting address on the aims and objects of Bush Week, and made an earnest- appeal for the sup-. ; port of the Primary Producers' Unions in the matter. A more extended report of Mr. Vincent's address will appear later on. The President, at the conclusion of Mr. Vincent's address, asked whether the expenses so far as each district was concerned (providing "huts," etc.) would have to lie borne by Lhose dis tricts" Mr. Vincent said he did not antici pate any difficulty in that direction. The "huts" would not cost much, and every facility would be provided for carrying produce. Mr. Bird asked who would provide (he "huts?" Mr. Vincent: They will be provided by the districts concerned. He went on to show how Forbes and Parkes had issued "buttons" at one shilling each to commemorate the event, through the medium of which large sums ol money had been raised.. The President thanked Mr. Vincent on behalf of the delegates,, and the compliment was duly acknowledged by Mr. Vincent, NO POLITICS. The President moved, as per notice, on behalf of the Central Hastings branch: "That in the opinion of this Council it is necessary that the Con stitution he altered so as to allow the Union to lecome a political or ganisation." Tae reason he had brought this matter before the dele gates was simply in order to have a discussion upor. it. When the P.P Union was first brought into exist- once there was possibly no need for it actively entering upon politics, but the world had practically been turned up-side-down since then. In the first place he ihought it would be advisable fcr the Primary Producers to actively enter upon politics in order that they might be better able to secure more effective representation in Parlaiment. They had recently had important state ments made by (wo of their principal Ministers — Mr. Hughes and Mr. Hol- man — and it was certain that addition al taxation was to come. Their na tional debt was an enormous one, and it' was certain that the only way to do anything effective in the matter of meeting it would be by increased production on the part of the primary 'producers. The question was, under the circumstances, should the men on the land have more say in the matter of administering the political affairs of the country' They at present found very few men in iiolitics who really voiced their interests. They had men in Parliament who knew nq- thing about a plough and less about a cow. Though the Primary Produc ers may not have in their ranks any great orators, they at least could bring forward men who possessed common sense, knew what the producer need ed, and had backbone. ' He left the matter In the hands of the delegates. Mr. Rudder seconded the motion, and considered it xvas a boat time the members of the Union took steps in the direction the motion indicated. They were in an entirely different position to-day compared with" what they were when the Council was first formed. The signing of Peace had placed Australia in a very different position to what it. was before- Through the medium of her represen tation, she would play her part in the League of Nations. The curse of the country, in his opinion, was Paro chialism Here they had the States working anything but unitedly. It- seemed to him that Unification would have to be brought about, and if the farmers could not do better in the future than thfiy had in the past so far as political representation was con cerned, then all he could say was "Let us be a political party." Mr. Smith cout ended that the P.P. Union ha'd got along very well as a non-political Body, and the question was whether they could do better as a"poIiiicai one Mr. "Fitzpa trick instanced the fact that, with regard to the remarks of the President' as to having men in Par liament who , knew nothing about a plough, and did not know one end of a cow from the other, the Hawkesbury electorate bad at last election turned out a farmer politician, and elected a Lawyer. Mr. Brlnsley "Hall, who had from boyhood been associated with forming and cattle raising, had repre- sented-the electorate for sixteen years -an essentially farming 'district— yet there they apparently preferred jhat. a Lawyer should represent them. : - Mr. Drnry opposed jfce motion. Poli tics had previously meant thB downfall of the Farmers and Settlers' Associa tion. . ' . _ Mr. G. Lindsay said he felt keen op' this matter— they' should not tonch politics , at all.' The .interest on -the national debt was ahigitein.-and they would also have to providq six millions' for -war pensions. Monied people had put huge sum's into ' the various War Loans, . and that money was tree of taxation. Who waB going lo pay the interest and . taxation Jn the future? Why the small man fin the land, like himself and others. It would all come back on the /'small man" — make no mistake about that. Men like Anthony Hordern aud others who put luge, sumsin the War Loans would feel but little of It, He was opposed to the motion. . " Mr. J. T. Milligan supported the mo tion. As tar as Mr. Fitepatrick's re marks were concerned about the Haw kesbury electorate — probably the far-; mere showed a lack -of Intelligence there. There was no doubt that the primary producers of this country would havo to uieet their difliculties , through the medium of extra produc tion. Thojs must also have a better system of Immigration. Every set tler knew how difficult It Is to get a man to do any . work on a farm. The time had come, in his opinion, when they should introduce iiolitics into the Union. Mr. Grant said he was no politician, but he certainly thought they would be wise if they left party politics alone. They had in the Union men ol all political persuasions, and or.ee they introduced party politics the membership roll would probably suffer. Mr. Whatson said they should be. very careful In what they were doing. ; The P.P. Union probably had the best interests of the country more at heart than the politicians had to-day. At present they had two parties in politics in the House, and it seemed to him that the general trend of affairs was the wideniug of the gulf between those parties. If by introducing politics the Union was going to bring about a better feeling between all parties, then it would be a good tbing for Aus tralia. Mr. A. Cameron gave his experl- enceMif politics in the Farmers and Settlers' Association — it was not en couraging. In his opinion, they should send men into Parliament who were conversant with their requirements — but they were not doing that. He re membered -on one occasion being at a Farmers and Settlers' Conference in Sydney, and '.here were a lot of men there who —ere simply budding Mem bers of Parli_.v. The P.P. Union was a strong party, and every poli tician to-day recognised that fact. He believed that if they started dab bling in politics it wouild detrimentally affect their membership. He might mention that on one occasion the Far- ; mers and Settlers' Asociatlons in Glou cester electorate, had to select a can didate. It was in' 1913, he thought. They did him tins honor of appointing him as Returning Officer, and he really neier saw so many "strings pulled" to secure the selection. The best thing under the circumstances was, he -believed, to now leave things as they are. Mr. Ptolemy expressed the opinion that the question should first have been discussed before the branches. Mr. Johnston opposed the motion — he opposed it personally as well as on behalf of the branch he represent ed. It would, in his opinion, be a great mistake- to take on poli tical matters. He was a delegate on one occasion lo a conference of the Farmers and Settlers' in Sydney — it was little bet'er than a political wrangle. There were young men there who were simply budding poli ticians. They should leave politics out of the Union He was opposed (o going in for politics — for another year or two, at any rate. The President said .he would .hot avail himself of his right to reply. He had brought the question on in or der that it might be discussed. A vote was then taken on the. ques tion—three voting for jt and the re mainder against. MASSY GREENE'S PROPOSAL. Mr, A. Cameron (Wingham Branch) moved: "That this meeting is o'f opin ion that the scheme put forward 'by the Commonwealth Government, through Mr. Massy Greene, forms a suitable basis, for the organisation of the dairying industry." In speaking Li the motion Mr Cam eron said that Mr Masy Greene, after an honorable association with a Bank ing business, had settled on the land, and carved out a home for himself with every success. Long before Mr. Greene ever entered politics he had been an enthusiastic advocate of co operation. In connection with his pre sent scheme, it should not be thought that Mr. Greene was trying to get -into he -limelight — in the contrary they should recognise that he was. simply trying to bring into actual operation principles of which he had for years been an enthusiastic advocate. His nflnciples were, to he brought into ope ration by organising the dairying in- lustry and under co- operation. In connection with 'the export of butter, it had to be remembered that their contract with the British Government expired early next year. When .. that time arrived' thqy would havetoyevert to the condtlfins that preyalled be fore tp . war and' prior .,to 4$at. -con tract bfiing ontered into. If they were going to' get a better price for thelr butter In England, they would also get a better price in their own 'States. Danish butter was their principal com petitor. Hotveyca, -their butter did not Buffer in comparison with Dahish — the difference was that Danish could he- put .on the London market 36 hours' after It was manufactured, whereas theirs could not be placed there In less than two urinths. Australian but ter, during the past two years, had improved in k-.teping quality—it had been lifted from the cold stores in "a condition ' that was equally 'as good as when tt was first placed there. That being so, it', was no greater strain for that butter to be shipped to Loudou than it was to k'ieji lt ill cold- storage,; If their butter was as good as the Dih- A' ' ish butter, then It was up to .them to, knhw why they were , not getting «a good a price for their commodity. The Danish butter was put on the market in London on one particular-brand. Be fore they could Eellhutter, It had to be up lo a certain standard— It had to be standardised. -But they would have to go farther. When they got it up to a certain standard, they should have it sold through accredited agents who would distribute it to the customers As to the objection to Government con trol, that must exist to at least some extent if the Government was going to assist the Industry to manage its own affairs better. . Mr. Walter Murray seconded the motion. Mr. Whatson opposed the scheme There was no doubt in his niiud that the industry in the future would he greater than it had been in the pasL As far as Government veto was con cerned, that might not be so badif Mr. Greene was always to be Minis ter for Customs: but they had to re member that Mr. Ryan (Premier of Queensland) was likely to resign and contest a Federal seat. What sort of a time would the producer get if Mr. Ryan and his followers held the bal ance of power? That was one of the reasons why he was of the opinion that they should not agree to Mr. Massy Greene's proposals.- Ab to mak ing butter under one brand,' that was utterly impossible. The Danish me thods, too, were totally different to theirs. Their they sent their milk to the factories. Mr. O'Callaghan had said.lt would be impossible to get only one type of butter in one district. As to butter being sold in London, most of the Danish butter was really sold in Copenhagen. He recognised that Mr. Massy Greene had done, good for the butter industry by arousing inter est. He had called a conference of representatives of the dlffernt fac tories, and it would he up to those delegates to endeavour -to formulate a scheme that will be better for the producers without Government control, at all. He moved, as an amendment, "That this meeting is not to favor of any scheme by which the Government has any control over the dairying in dustry." Mr. Paterson seconded the amend ment. They had seen enough of Gov ernment control/ and for his part he was heartily Bick jpf It. The Govern ment veto he was agaiimt— at the same time he believed Mr.1 Massy Greene "was aiming at benefitting the indus try- Mr. G. Lindsay supported the amend ment, and pointea out that Denmark is working, under quite a different sys tem to that in operation in Australia. Mr. R. Lindsay said Mr. Massy Greene's scheme -yvas rather a good one. Every Butter jCoy. should be re presented at the conference to be held, and good would come of JL He was rather of the opinion - that after the conference had finished, Mr. Massy. Greene would hardly know his own scheme He thought all delegates should go to the conference with a freehand. Mr. Smith said he was pleased to hear the discussion. It was infor mation for delegates. .Mr. Campbell said from the first he had rather favored Mr. Massey Greene's scheme. He had listened to an address recently delivered at In- verell by Mr. McRae, and he felt con vinced that had Mr. McRae been there that day he woujd have altered many of their opinions. He would like to see delegates attend the Conference in Sydney with open minds. Mr. Rudder opposed the motion.- If they had la hostile Government, they would have a hostile Minister. Mr. Drury believed in freedom. At the same - time he maintained that they would never actually have an ab solutely free hand with the industry again. If there happened to he a shortage, and the Government would not stop export, then the Labor sec tion would- refuse to put U on the boats. Mr. Grant supported Mr. Massey. Greene's proposal. There was opposi tion to it just as there, had been op-! position to the Dairy Act. However, the Dairy Act had proved a success. There were many -good points in the present proposal As far as the qual ity vrf- butter went, there were gs many, different flavors in Danish butter as we have in Australia, He had . no- doubt that Mr. Massey Green'B Idea! was to lift the todustry up. The: Dairy. Industry Act hat already done much in that direction, . . V . . ..Mr. -J. T. MllUgan supported the amendment.'. --j.';'-' _ The Chairman said the question had been discussed Ttt one of their meet ings at Port 'Macqtiarie,.ati(l Itwas; the opinion there- that no motion should be carried . binding delegates down. -Perhaps it yvotdd . be hotter it the motion and Amendment were hot put to the meeting that day: . Those responBible-Cor both agreeing, neither motion nor '-amendment were taken to a division. ' - ) 