^ 111I II Around the Globe. | Miwiiii i mi i< mil ROME. As applications still continue to come in, the Secretariate of State re peats its official notice that it is un able to get news of prisoners of war. In fact, the office established for that purpose was definitely closed at the end of the year. Father Kirwan. Spiritual Director of the Beda College, left for England on January 19. His 'health has been anything but good while in Rome. Monsignor Mann, the rector, has good hopes of being able to find a suitable home for the college shortly. ,San Silvestro, the church for Eng lish-speaking Catholics in Rome, cele brated its feast this year with more than usual splendour. The time for banquets has not yet arrived, and the usual iSan Silvestro dinner did not take place; it was a case of more religious and less social celebration. Cardinal Sbarretti himself, the titular of the church, officiated at the Solemn Mass, and with him at the high altar were no less than twenty-four priests and clerics.11 IRELAND. The bell of St. Senan, the tenth century Irish relic that was sold by auction in London recently, realised the sum of 1,250 guineas. The bell was purchased by Mr. William George Panter, who has generously presented the historic relic to the Irish nation in the guardianship of the Royal Irish Academy in Dublin. The Royal Irish Academy was founded in 1786 for the study of science and mankind, polite literature. ENGLAND. The silver jubilee of the establish ment of the Catholic League of South London is to be celebrated this year. Mother Mary Gabriel, of Holy Rood, Barnsby, Yorkshire, England (diocese of Leeds), recently celebrated her gol den jubilee as a religious of the Order of Mercy. The greater part of the venerable nun's life was spent in the diocese of iSafford, at Oldham and Rochdale. Mother Gabriel was the recipient of spiritual offerings from many of her former pupils now resi dents of New England States in Ame rica. The principal, and as far as is known the only, religious celebration of Washington's Birthday, February 22, took place at Westminster Cathe dral, when a solemn High Mass was sung in memory of America's first President. Although no members of the British Government were present at the Mass, the service was, how ever, in the nature of a semi-official function, arranged by the Knights of Columbus, whose entire body operat ing in London were present. SCOTLAND. According to the Scottish Catholic Directory, roent'ly issued, the number of secular priests in Scotland is 494, and the number of regulars 97. There are 251 missions and 432 churches, chapels, stations, &c.; The number of religious houses for men is 14 and for women 64. Congregational schools total 209 and the charitable institu tions 39. The Catholic population of Scotland is estimated ,at 548,000. In order to appreciate the.remarkable ad vance in Scottish Catholicity indicat ed by these figures one must remem ber that in 1800 the Catholics of Scot land were probably fewer than 50,000. The great increase in numbers is due mainly to the large influx of Irish im migrants, whose,strong faith has given fresh life and vigour to Scottish Ca tholicity. FRANCE. A committee of Danish notables has proposed that, as a world memorial of peace, the Cathedral of Rheims should be constructed. The project has been placed before the French Government, and the committee is awaiting a' reply from Paris through the French Minis ter in Denmark. On the festa of Blessed Isabella of France the sister of St. Louis the King, and Abbess of Longchamps, who restored the cathedral of St. Denis, in Paris, a solemn religious service was held in the cathedral,' organised by the Catholic officers and men of the British Army. A Union Jack, embroi dered by English women, was-present ed to the church, to be kept near tlfie ancient wiflame of France, the stan dard of Constantine, which was given to Charlemagne by Pope L»eo in. POLAND. A congress of German "bishops has addressed a memorial on behalf of German prisoners of war, and among the names of the signatories appears that of the Archbishop of Posen. The Archbishop has addressed a state ment to the press saying that the in tention was to include his name, but that he wrote to the bishops saying that it should be omitted. The letter arrived too late for the Archbishop's name to be removed, and he objects that as a Polish prelate his name should appear on a German memorial. The Archbishop does not withhold his sympathy from the object of the me morial. UNITED STATES. Rev. Ernest Marsh, of New York, a Salesian Father, who went to France last February as a Knight of Columbus chaplain, has received a commission in the Army as first lieutenant. Father Marsh is English born and a convert. He was ordained in England, and had charge of a church there. Later he laboured as a missionary in the West Indies, and then came to Neiw York, serving in the churches conducted by the Salesian Fathers. Dr. Mary Malloy, the efficient dean of the College of St. Teresa, Winona, Minn., has received the cross Pro Ec clesia et Pontifice, from the Holy Father in recognition of her splendid work for Catholic education. This un usual honour was never better deserv ed, for Dr. Malloy, aided by the splen didly trained iSisters of St. Francis from Rochester, Minn., has built up a strong college whose influence is felt throughout the entire north-west. URUGUAY. The correspondent of the London "Times," in a long despatch from Monte Video, states that the new Uruguayan Constitution came into force on March 1. Among the many reforms embodied in the new Consti tution, sayis the correspondent, is the separation of Church and State, which means thait the Catholic Church, to which quite four-fifths of the population of the Republic belong, will enter upon one of those perilous times that inevitably follow a sepa ration of this kind. TURKEY. iSomewhat early in the war the Ar menian Patriarch in Constantinople, 'Monsignor Zaven, was exiled by Said Halim Pasha. The Patriarch has now returned to Constantinople, going there from Egypt on a British battle ship. A great welcome was prepared for the return of the banished pat riarch, in which the Allied forces and the Greek community of Constanti nople took part. As he 'left the ship a guard of bluejackets was drawn up to form a guard of honour, and Ar menian boy scouts lined the quay. The patriarch proceeded immediately to the cathedral of the Blessed Virgin, where a service of thanksgiving was held, after which he blessed the people. 