CURRENT NEWS. WUATHER FORECASTS. The following forecasts were issued yes teraiy by the Commonwealth Divisional M~eteorologfst:- New South Wales.-Cloudy on coast, with some scattered shoewrs and souther ly winds; fine and hot inland, with east to north-east winds. \- Ocean.-nSmooth to moderate seas. Several of the Sydney suburban muni eipal councils complain that larrikinism and petty thieving are rampant in their areas, and that the police are opparently powerless. Mr. Ryan, the leader of the Federal Labour campaign, arrived in Sydney yes terday by the Brisbane express. He will speak with Mr. Tudor, the Federal Labour leader, at the Town Hall on Monday. Much activity is being displayed in con nection with the slate deposits at Waleha, and there is said, to be ovry prospect of something of as important nature being carried oat at an early date. Experts wtho have visited the deposit declare the slate to be equal to the best Welsh. The report of the Pacific Islands Com mission appointed by the Commonwealth Government to inquire into the condi tions in those territories over which Ass trails is to have mandatory control has yet to be written, it will therefore I not 1e in the hands of the Government for some little time.t The North Coast S.N. iCo.'s steamer Duranbah (2S4 tons), it is reported by thu pilot at Tweed Heads, is ashore on the North Beach, 300 yards north of the breakwater. The vessel is resting on a sandy bhttom. She w'as bound from Syd ney to theiTweed Rivor, with a general cargo, and it is thought that she ground ed while waiting to cross the bar. The absence of rain, combined with dryiog winds, has had se disastrous effect on past?ures and crops ii the New lrag land district. The. country in the easterms and southern part of the district is look log well, as there le n splaudid growns of grass, and plenty of water. 'rhe trouble is that most places are short of water, which during the past few days has given out fast. A decree was issued by Mr. Justice Harvey, in lhe Divorce Court, at Sydney, yesterday, directing Lily Alameda Pear son (formerly Sanday) to return to her husband witilin t1 days of the service ol the order upon her. William James Pear son, a returued alrmaa, who petitioned Mr. Justico Harvey to make the decree, sald he married mis wife at Potts Point lt June, 1907. When tIe returned from the war his wife refmemd to live with hiul, -0nd a1 ' t himl li 0 re130on for slot doing nO. Henry full, aged 51 years, manier pain ler. living In Bull-street, Newcastle, fell from a ladder yesterday afterpoon, aod sustained n fracture of the left leg be low the knee, and an injury to the rlgh; tonee, le was admitted to the Neweastle Hospital. The weather was fine at Newcastle yes terday, with the wind south tii' the morn lng, east inl the afternoon, anid north east at night, and the niaxhium hnlade tclmleratare was 73 degrees. For the 2.! hoers ended at nine o'clock yesterday nmornint thell minimum temperature was 59 itegi ceo. iMr. 3l'Pherson, the State Treasurer of Victorla, wps waited uptn by a depute tint representnleg the She pparton Fruit treiserviing Coipalldy, Wiiicl astked for an advance from the Govretrnment of .,30,000 for six years. The Treasurer said it thought that lie would be able to reenoa meiiit the Canlinet to grant the request. It. was desirable that as far es possible, tie iiacltlnery ased should be of Aus tralian meanufatitnre. 'Tihe lierease Inr wharf lahioirers' wages. amanunting to about 33 per ceit., is to some extent to be borne by consignees of interstate eirgo by sea. Thie coenroller of shipping has deehied to tnere~ase the sorting anti stacking cliarges. W?ten a steamer irrives in port her cargo is taken tind sorted ta it leaves the slings on the wtiharf. It is also staeked neatly, so that taking delieerh- of it is ani easy task. For this work consignees ,were ateitll upon to paY ts per ton. They will now have to give l f;d per ton, with a pro rota it < rease for specihl lities. The increased rate is new in force. In the Sydney Industiarl Court yester lay, Judge Rolin, on the application of the Gowertnnont Tramways .Idctrical Biranctt Workers' Association, increased the wages below 12s 10d per day, of the eatployees itnder the award covering the electrical branch of the service to that aimount. In accordance with the recent decthtation by the Board of Trade. Sir Croft, who appeared for the applicant un ion, said time variation, without preserving the margin, gat- the labourer 12s 10d, .while the leading labourer also got 123 0ld. It was eontic opera. of course, hut le had no doubt it would be adjusted through the commonsense of the depart n~eit. The hearing of the case in which John Joseph Nesbitt (34), a tram driver. wan charged.with having, at Chippendale, on October 7, shot Elizabeth Cecilia Nesbitt, his wife, and Mona Agnes Nesbitt. his daughter, with intent to murder them, wo.s continued at the Central Pollee Court, Sydney, yesterday, before Mr. Adrian, S.M. Evidence was given by Mrs. Ncsbitt and .her daughter. Answering Mr. Abi gail. whr appeared for the defence, Urs. Nesbitt said her husband had, told her that he had gone to Newcastle and found th,-tt most of what he had heard was lies, and that she hrar been painted blacker than nie was. Accused, iwho reserved iris defence, was cammittcd for tIlal, ball be tig allowed. Speaking at a meeting of the Molong braneh of the Farmers and Settlers' As sociation, Mr. D. I-. Evans said that when tire price of chaff was fixed on the Inst oerirsion, nearly all the farmers had bay to spare, and sold it without delay, an nothing was to re gained, they thought, by withholding it from sale. Soon after wards the restrictions were lifted, and the speculators made a lot of money out of the chaff, vwhich the farmers had dIn posed of too soon. The followltg mo tion was adopted: "That this meeting views with disgust the action of the au thorities in fixing the price of chaff for a short period, and then lifting the re strietions, when the producers had sold all the fodder they had to dispose of." Mr. Hunt, M.L.C., speaking at a social function in Sydney, said 'he had come throngh en Saturday from the north-west, and when he left the temperature was 11-i. He had been travelling through the north and north-west, and he said ad visedly and with deliberation, that this was a most serious time for the farmers and pastoralists. "Unless there are bonn teons rains within the next wceok or two," ie declared, "something like a calamity is going to fall on this State. The farm ers are right up against it, and, failing rain, see no way out. Tiney had spent all their reserves, and much borrowed monoy. on getting the cattle and sheep so relieving pasture. Now the agistment is gone, the money is gone, the food is gone, unt the water is nearly gone. Black des pair is staring them in the face." fn the coursm of an snrtice reviewing the butter position in England, tire Lon don "Giocer" says that there is no pros peet of relief for some time to come, There is a shortage of supplies in Europe. Export.from France and Holland is pro hiuited, except that from the latter coun try a certain amount carn be done nnder licenso. The Danish production is decreas ing, and while other5 countries are recemv ing certain ouantities from. this source, nothing is going to Germany owing to the severe depireciation of the currency in that) direction. Scarcity of freight has aenay ed shipments from the Antipodcs and Ar gentina, and arrivals have practically ceased. Only limited supplies may be ex pected from Canada this year, and some purchases have been made in. the United States, where stocks are large and prices hitch. The chief object of the Licensing Bill to be. introduced in the Victorian Parlia ment next week will be the fulflilment of a pledge by the Ministry to make per manent the six o'clock closing of hotels. Provisions will be included in the men sre to more drastically enforce the on servation of the principle of preventing the sald of intoxicating liquor alter the rlorifle hour. It has been reported by the police that existing legislation gives numerous loopholes for evading the law. Although no annouticement has yet been madi by the Ministry on the subject, it is inmprobable that an: attempt will be made b)y tl~o Cabinet to sa alter the local option provision of the Licensing Act that a bare mnajority of electors in any licensing district nitty carry p~rohibition. When C.he blill reaches the commtittee stage, however, nmendttcnlts in this direction are likely to be sabmitted. The population of Australia is now over eIttt exclustive of full-blonded abeo igines. Titis is the latest estimate of the Commonwealti Statistician, and it do sot go beyond tite year 1911. wvhenl the figutre was oct at h,030,.i79. This is a markted increase on the 11900 iguren, which gave the populntioti as 3,7f5,319. It is somewhat remttritable that, whereas large nutmbers of nmen were out of the country during the war period, the population sta tistics were inclined to go up in 1917 and 191S, at a time when the exodus of sol diers had probably reached its zenith. rom 1900 to 1914 there wab a oteady in crease int potpulattion, bitt in 11915 Cthero was a falling off of about 9000. Again in 1916 the tigures ,went down further by about C0,00C, litt in 1917 they returited to abott the 1914 mark. Thence they jumped in 191 to over 5.000.000, and are probably continuing to increase. There was it eteady increase in births over deaths fros 191i o IlS. hbutt n119151 17 tllre wio an excess ao' emigration ovet iiimnigrati~on In 1511 Cthe position wait re versed, the excess of immigration over emigration being 19,678. The High Court, in a test case, has de rided that a ham and beef shop which dispenses goods sold by grocers may be classified as a "grocer's shop," within the Shops and Factories Act. In ex pressing disagreement with his brother justices, Mr. Justice Daffy remarked : "The magistrates in their simplicity thoughti that the light of nature without any legal subtlety would enable theti to tell a "htm and beef shop from a gro cery, and Mr. Justice Hood thought they had succeeded in doing so without bark leg their seitts against any legal prin ciple. Now ive are toli that the question Is really as nice as a scholastle quod libet. that common sense might do very well to start tite Inquiry, but when the magistrates found the hatm and beef coun terpoised by a certain quantity of tea and piclilcs they were bound to direct them erlves tlit the ship (like Nick Bottom) was 'translated,' and that as the magis trates failed to dittinguish the quiddity of.?a grocer from that of a ham and beef man we shomud lay down a rule which would enahle the initiated in future tr, recogniso a grocer's shop. Iii lay odin lon magistrates are is competent for thiu Insk as the mcit learned awymer, atid there is no need for us to emhincuber themn with our assisianee.' In connection with the Y.M.C.A. new kuildihg scheme, Mr. John Rhld, the areli tect for the nccepted design, was in New nastle yesterday, and met in consultation the building committee. It ,was decided that Mr. Reld 10hould proceed with the tinalfisig of the plans, and arrange to rall for tenders at ao early date. The difficulty betwoen the Manly I'crry Co. and the Firemen and Deckhands' Un ion, in respect to Suniday work, has been oaercome. The steamers will therefore ran on Stundaly as usulal Mr. Croft, the legal adviser of the union, otates that the ien have obtained mnaterially Ju proved connitions, as well as increased pay, l as(d on te nsew livin( wage ( ward. The( in((cr0s0 is rctrospective tt the da(e of the noard of Trade 1(ronounemeont. 'Tihe Federated Shipwrights. Ship Con stru(tion, and Boat Builders' Association. New South Wales Branch. hls forwarded to Mr. (]arditer, M.P.',a copy of a reso hltiot carried at their last meeting p1ac itg on record their highest appreciation cf services rendered by time ncnmbeor for NewcastIe dtiring their reen(t trouble itt Newcastle, and for the very able speech he made in the Legislative Assembly on their behalf. A similar resolution was also received from the Newanstle branch. In tile Sydney Divorce Court yesterday Maibel Tisdell, formerly Smith, sought a dissolution of her marritge with George William 'risdoll dn tihe ground of deser tion and nmisconduct with Mary l3ekes (then Mary Kime) at Ccopernook. Shu saih the marriage took ph(10e at Single ton in February, 1903. Respondent had a bakery and refrnshinent roonat Cooper nook, and Miss Klime was employed by pe iitioner. The desertion and tnisconduct were denied. After hearing evilence ttnd counsel, the Judge dismissed tihe lotition. No order was made as to costs. Tbe National Association executivC yes terday decided that the following shall be the New South Wales National candi dates for the Senate at the forthcoming iederal electiens: Brigadltr-General Cox, Sergeant W. L. Duncan, and Mr. H. C. M. Garling. The firstnamed is generally hnown as "Fighting Charlie," and served with distinction ilt both the recent war atl the South Afriean war. Sergeant Dun ttan was twice president of tile Lanour Council, but fell out with tim Labour p:arty over the conscription issue. He will reach Aestralia itn a few days from the front. Mr. Garling is a well-known coun tery solicitor, and has itractised for some years in Young. Questiosed last night regarding the Legislative Counscilos actiost in praetically .altering a vital principle of "the Mainten-I tnee of Children Bill, Mr. Holmnan said the Governmentt rcongnied the por ition an one ef tIte mont critical nertounstnss. 1-So had already consulted wilt his col leanues, who ore readily available, and none wcere disposbd to utnder-ontlmatoe tise gravity of 'tho situation. lie was calling a dull 'Cabinet for Tuesday next, when the whole position would be con oldered, and a final decision reached bo fore Ministers meet Parliament. Although the P'remier weonld not give any indications, it in posible thnt an attempt nlll be m ado stxt week to reversen the Council's de cision. Mr. Gardiner, M.U., has roceiveq a Iue tel from the "Under-Secrctnry, Public Worltl; Department, referring to his per sonal repreoentations on tile subject of noew landing accommodation for the New castle ferry steamers. The Under-Sec retary advised that his department com municated with the Navigation Depart ment on the 9th ultimo in response to a communication from the former, and In ihe course of the letter stated that the Chief Engineer. Newcastle, was strongly of opillion before any definite action was taken to move thie Ferry Company to its new Iccntion, it should be first ascertain ed llwhether they were prepared to take a lease of the wharf situated In that posi tion. He added that the whole matter was under consideration of the Naviga tion Department. 