WAR BREVITIES NOTES FROM VAEIOTTS BOUBCE&. . Ito is reported from Warsaw tl GtemerPl Pfflsudski said in the course au interview that nnem weire avait'al tx» diafend Po4anjd, which was mow bed altitacked om three sides, but rifles g ammunition, were laelrimg. It would ?daisy to equip half a miillkm men ntifläsing the war material which v mow in France^ The German army v demoralised,, and the-Bolsheviks wi "easy tto overcome!. The TTkraindams c quered the Polels only because of i periioir equipment which the Germi lef|t behind. A message from Paris announces tí it its undems^olod that the membership the Execuitiivje Council of the League Kations will be incneaised by two three, oma of (the additional members represent 'Labor. Informaltiilon 'from Paris startles tl fit 'haig been reported to the Chamber Deputies that 6,000 Belgians died d fing thiel war as the resuilt of Germ i'U treatment. The number of men. ? ported was 125,000. There onei indications of a politi leriisiis in Berlin, foliowiing th© dew!» nueJnrts in Hungary. Thtere wais so shoiotdng in the streejts on Tuesday, a the British Embassy 'has been tri] giuardted. Fresh strikes have taken pte in ithie Ruhr district. A Budapest message says M. Lei 'tes sent a wireilsiss message ito the Hi gorian* ito despatch an army to View The Spartacists have piamned a nisi of Russian prisoners at'Spandau, I Amieiricania interfered, and scattered t Russians thmughlout tibe ceunlbry, p venting an outbreak. A London telegram says that thie1 i ciaililst party in Great Britain hois < cided ou a campaign in the nmidustiri districts, with the object of count' notion against the Bolshevists. The Sinn Fein hejaidquarbers in Du isla announces: that thens wi1! be national welcome to Mr. de Valera ? Wednesday. Thia Lord Mayor wàiïil 5 eedve de Valera at the cáifcy gaitas, ai will escort him to the Mansion How where he wiM dieOiver a speech. Thia Treasury of the United Stat hats .exttiemicUefd ito Francie credits £or>£2' 000^000. A Paris mietssage rapo nus that itíhe W tetrways Oomm-iission has eonsidereidi ti quia^tion of a new through railway rou from Paris to Ronna, the Danube, Ls bach, Belgrade and Odessa, and awoith Arnie branching off to Athens and Co stamitinopfe. The Conjimiggkm of the League of N táons hals colmp'eltied the revision of tl contenant. The Japanese diejliegatbefg han not pressed tlh'edr "equality" omen, ntetat at the preseuit Stage, but th* have Deserved the right to bring tl matter before the full Commission. A aniendniienlt was dnisemted setfeguardiin thie Mouroia doctrine. Thie fact ths Gearantany's cofltomnjels taro to come undi mandatories must be mentioned in td . Peace Tre<^, aandE thia nieceissitaitieis tl inrtmodiuctiioni o;f some of tba aspects < ithe League of Notions in that doci muent. It is reported from Paris Ithat a ta cial sub -tcotmrniititieie hois been oppoimitie Ito degul with Germany'is debts, Geraua Stalte property, and Ithie order fin while the ©."bügatiojns sbjould be imposed by th AlKles on Germany. Two "mylst)ery ships," flying th Swedish and the. Danish flags have bee detained at Boulogne.*. The military an ihbaritiieB received a wdrefliess nue^sag f noan Stockhoilmi ibo the effect that hher ware several Bolshevik agents om boara thie vtesseOls, anidi nobody has been allow ed to land from them. The Lonidon "Evening Standard' says that <Uhie War Ofn,oe auth'oribie have decided to issue a mew field gun which was tried sueeessf uWy in the late Otages of Ithe war. It- showed exrbraoi dinary (sttaaditoess, ri valling the Friend ' 'seventy-five, ' ' and 28 rounds í miniulte were fired during ithie tirialia. Thia United Stotels Government ii drafting a new immigration meaaunei jprovildiing flor the registration of al aMietais who arie in the Unilteidi States, oi wïl apply for admission hereafter making thie atay of immigramts in th« country probationary om good behiaviona thait aliens must show cause why they and changing the burden of proof so (ought to be granted admission to the country. Australian frozen raimb and mutton ihavo been sold in thie New York mar kets experimental'ly at sevenod cents a pound less than similar American pro diUdtlS;. Hemr Philip Schieidemanm (the Pre miier of Germany) declairres that, owing ¡to Itflie Allies' oruishing demamds, a dis solution is itihreaiteinied Sn Germany, and ?thetrie is wiMes¡prieiaid¡ deispair. He addis ithait thie armistice conditions are worse than the war. There is eonsiderabV interest in the rivalry between Australian aviators in ieioinmeicti,bin with the tranis-Atliamtdc flilght. Mr. H. G. Hawker hopes tb com mence 'his flight from Newfoundland wnluhin ten tjays. MT. Pickles formerly entered the competition on Thursday, and says that he thinks ho can complete the flight in 14 hours. If he wins it wiM be a great thing for Australia. A imcissaige from Sudapest neponbs >that Count Kianoilyi ihais beeiu arrested, while soma messages aidd that 'he has been assassitoaifjed. Dr. Wekanie, a for-1 meir Premier of Hungary, hos also been arrested. The Peace Conference hois decided to join Austria, Hungary, Turkey, Bul garia, and Gelruiiany in a single peace treaty. The French Chamber of Dej>urt.i>eis has a/dapted a Bill d'«ru»lish'Lng the city for tifwsaitiilon,s anid allowing the natu nal ex pansion of th© city. The demolition willi enable the construction of gardens, plairks and dwellings. In the House <rf Cominioms Mr. Banar Law (ithe Leader af the House) aaid (that tho Government .intended to de port iniimediaJtely aTl Russian Bolshe- I vikis in Britarn. ' Over a million, people are receiving ' unemplloymenit money ' ' in Britain, . lequa'Kiing the sum of £1,250,000 weekly. A high American finamicilail authority j who !ha« investigated tba position in the ,. \TarioiUB countries aiddreysed the Amori- ¡ can journalists. He soiii.l that Bmiitain through her courageous taxation oeeu- ! pied am extremely sound .poisirion, amd wiithiu a yettr wmild probably find her- : self aa strong financial'ly as ever. Franjee ¡ individually was wealthier .than it hat ever been, but to-day itts finances wn in a serious posotftoui. The, problem eoul< be only sod-red by immediate dire« taxation, possibly by means of a capita .tax. Italy 'is position was unlikely'', rt* beaoime «eriious before autumn, when her foreign credit would be exhausted. H< was optimistic with regard to Befginm which was bejbter off thou was generali} .thought. The people were already get '. ting ta work, anidi if Belgium gets re I paration she would be set upon heu feet. Reports from Japan state that thu Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs an ?noumeed in the House of Peers that É gentleman '-g agreement with the Uni'betc States, regulating the admission od Japanese^ did not exist. Japan herseU .regulated eniigratiion ta the United States, preventing emigrants leaving Japan. ' He hloped that th© time was coming when the Americans would be convinced that the Japanese were nt danger to American institutions. Then Japan would lift her own embargo. The Armenian derogation has made an urgent appeal for food. It is stated that 45,000 people at Ervan are bread lea^, and. that every kind of animal has been killed! for food the Igden re gion. A telegram from the Tiflis front ?to the American relief agent says: ' ' Another week iKke the last and 10,000 ?liVes will be lost. In heaven's name make haste. " The latest news reports that Budapest ia quieter. Four food 'trains are hcfd up halfway between Trieste and Buda pest- lawing to a strike. Th© shops in Budapest (have been eloised for stock taking purposes, pending State control. Any shopkeeper who disobeys the order HIS shot. It is reported from Philadelphia, that aibout 20i,O0Olb. of Australian wool have been -sold ot the Government auctions in that city,. General Sir John Monash says that it would be generous if France granted to Australia, South Africa and New Zea land land on (Similar lines to thotse on wihieSi she is reported to (have granted Vimy Gidge to Canada. Such on oct would create with France a bond of fraternity, and would never be forgot ten. 