PEACE CONFERENCE. QUIET WORK. SBTTIilNG GERMANY'S FRONTIERS. By E. I«'. AliTiAX. Since President Wilson went brick to the United States to urge American approval of the draft constitution of the [jCiiriio of Nations, newS of the proceedings of the Peace Conference has been comparatively brief and unexciting, 'list in not because the Conference has been doing less work or work of Tom importance, Iml simply because it hits suspended full debate on high quiet tone of the principles which are to dominate ¡ntcnliitinn.ll relations in the future and has settled down in the vital link less s|k.'0 tactical tail, of working out the several urgent problems of mt immediately practical altimeter truth must be dealt with before even a preliminary treaty of peace with the enemy run he signed. This fisk is being performed, out by the Conference in plenary session, but by separate commissions, by consultations between the Supreme War Council and the military and naval chiefs of the Allies, and by informal talks and verbal agreements between the representatives of iron ore whose views on points of fee ling their interest" may at first have been more or less in conflict. Of three informal talks and vol Iml agreements we naturally receive no official reports whatever, though it is probable that they exercise a marked influence on decisions that will ultimately be embodied in the peace terms, especially when the talks here between representatives of the five great Powers (Britain, remained-, the United States, Italy, and Japan), and, above all, between representatives of the first three. The consultations, between the Supreme War Council and the commanders of armies and fleets have, of course, been concerned primarily with the operation of the turning more and with the measures necessary to ensure the military impotence of the defeated enemy pending the final settlement. Lately, however, they have been conducted in close relationship with the work of the Conference itself. The reason for this are that the military and naval conditions under the armistice may approximate to, and so in due time facilitate the carrying out of the military and limit ambition to be imposed on (primary when peace is concluded. The extent to ulm is (in rtiMity in to be dis armed, and the menus by which that end is to be effected. both during the transition period, wife who is fulfilling the speed rail obligations that may be laid upon her to render up territories and make reparation and during the remoter future when she has paid in full the due penalty for her misdeeds then points constitute one of the gravest of the practical issues Ik fore the Conference. In coming to a decision the Conference will need to he guided by the expert advice of great soldiers and seamen, whose opinions are harvest on first hand et|H»nenee acquired during the war, and nut upon blind trust in the efficacy of a great experiment like the length of Nat king, and upon a belief that under a democratic regime (germany must tend to entertain aggressive aims. It is the separate inmitifsions set up to consider the different subjects, or allied groups of subjects, involved in the peace settlement that have during the past few weeks been doing the main Istiuiiicss of the Conference. To their joint labours shall we see it if the preliminary [peace treaty be ready for signature so early as May next. Some indication of the complexity and mass of the form to which they have to investigate' and arrange for the final decisions of the.; plenary Conference has been given in the cabled references to their work. The Re paration Commission, for example, which is apparently well advanced with its mark. has had to glean all the information it could to limit the actual filming a rough day the (Germans in or copied territories, to assess the cost of the war to the various counties fighting on the Allied side, to i sider the arguments for and against holding (certain) icapuii-ililc lot the Allied war costs, as well as for making good all material destroy turn of poverty and restoring the industries of threatened regions, to examine into the artillery in remains to p. and to recommend the lines on which has ever win If? ever ted From (action should be illstiiliul.-.l, supposing it is not enough to satisfy all the claims that the Ciiiiiiuissinn and the (inference may regard as just and reasonable. 'The I immigrant investigating; the has seen as I am in no uni . nun k crisis as a km in to have virtually completed tin trunk, and drawn up a Inmudable Iml of Herman delinquents as he might to be brought to trial. when the tea returns of reparation, punish- ing was a admirals. and .iiui.iiiii-ii! limits turn have been <li.pn<ctl in, the thiel le Ililllliltig dollars lot iiiilslileratnui in leaps. took the inside M'ttli'iiieiit unit (German ml' love In fact with the fixing of Her intim liniinthrios in Europe I lost interest- has already decided Hut but oversea colonies are in no case to be restored to her, but it still falls to decide exactly) what Irimliei territories she must give up in subject is well rule being iIimiikkoiI at the Supreme Mat I'oiuieil «onniiliatniiiK. at least in so far as it hears, nine Incline strn usual conditions. It has also been under coiitutlerntlun by the Peace Con create, a perhaps It would he more correct to say, by the delegates at the leaving behind Growers, who have had before- main line on by the flames in the li..' and Belgians. but, in addition, those advanced ntl behalf of the Polish Provisional! ti'uve'iiinent and the (Government and neutral training. Here are three or, it lli'tgiiitu's stn ill i farms be looked Begin as si'|iai.i!e trout Blum of France. rum regions in which (Germany inn hut to me render ten it. in which was insided ii r Inn bet Empire Indian air near the limit in port and in, no more,', than usual banishing all the existing distress hints on Friday..-. 'I here bran., chums at li if the ideals of the provision. IA Issue and part in the line) licensed to. bet III In, It cellular lie ,|,«illili,I that I came Will Tillie the support of her allies in the plain man but there is- life and at the polling- in li were taken to the mi hot similar to the wishes of the vast majority of their pupils than. It is, leaving-!, youth hinting that, state girth. the other.', Even, h Paul- tradition the farmers Milk, is a fit len indefensible fronting train the line of the V mgen Mountain.. which bounds it on the Free. li -in". line. with ALLIED- terminated In Elaine the 1-ie'iii-li will be run.' rather than the) Here . III RULE In invasion front the . all that is, iliiublli'sn. nine lengths in the Inn, is are an insistent upon the re din hum of an- lit in the military intimating. Nazi till I raines families of the line is at Alne lie strengthened strategically to any great ex It lit by the iislniattiin for his el little Lorraine Min..' the demand In the total ? disaster. men I at the (set plan pains in en smell of attractive and most of the Kilda- branch. line but all, his political indulged in till. promises. but simply for gii.iniiilei's that they shall not be in. Britain within industry's military sphere She values, limit you, suggest it in full handed The Inn is now a firm in true sense as sure does theatre, The distance' that Inn limitation should be extended in the Near a fallen slightly to the north of the' old lighters at Lausanne. 'His union had' this in economic I rather think »ltntis.-i.il no militarist council, that in the Nile Valley at., the I minefields flour 2 li" I the attacking id His ilntilleliU in l.ul.lie primarily depends. lies I had imagined when- (training may have In Fuller King of t. ml. man in the Danish frontier in the warm Nat Den man, this deprived of both the day The. SiOilcsuig nine thrillers. Ministers, him.' was essentially lieutenant in |ni|iulnli.in. lull ginger, and tulle, and white man has no intention of In lecture in Danish in but the greater part in Sililcaivi»*, the turn Hiern dm it. is, its li him always. been, British. ill-usage, I. petitioned that a vote its people admitted he called in the stretcher the uihliiKl t.. b,. Hu..),',t in the- Danish island I) am I to- Ill, ,l|-|iil|llli li III He I see Ullin Empire, but the prtinitKe has never had li 11.-. I. The Danish (¡ni.'inni.'lit in him to, lining that is his plebian. similar be killed, at least III the nutritious and entail hints on the iliK'hv, and then, uni The little drills as In what would he the least. I In this region is an Dear mum I entire line, the, streets, in the. irritating "if penalty and in certain sleeping districts in the small. dam built at the |Mi|iiiliitKiii is Public nine events to be le. cared for the new 'British mile Bielefeld Mine. Here the ileuiaiealinn up farming less Thirteen Polish mill (remain 1er I Uni his pay.. HIS grave illlheiilllen, a big list null In the llitcililixtuie in rates but In I'ullull's near the a measure limiting- and lit Uli miner In the Baltic. Sea. "There is, him. erect, a i inli'iNtllii'il .-.minn..um runs at Warsaw, affair is initiating lulu the Polish pu -Mum as a whole on behalf of the City., create I'nr nil Hume Inset is not the West-, end must KiiKiein frontiers I met many could be more than ninipensulinl in her army if her population is (turning Austin, were allowing I to training of late In her Icdoml common wealth. 