SAFEGUARDS FOR THE FUTURE FRAMING A MILITARY TREATY. A SCHEME OF DISARMAMENT I LONDON. 23rd February.. . The Supreme AlJied Coujicil in Paris has completed details of a military treaty with Germany, effecting a permanent armistice, which will later be incorporated in the final pesice terms. , The question of the economic boundary has been omitted from \ tlie treaty for further consideration. I The Armistice Commission is endeavoring to frame a scheme for post-war disarma ment hroughout Europe. This would in volve the conversion of certain German war industries to peaceful purposes, and would also prohibit Gdrmany from employing troops within a fixed distanco of the French frontier. Mr. Bonar Law announced in the House of Comons that tbe British delegates who are actually empowered to agree to peace terms are Mr. Lloyd George, Mr. Bonar Law, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Barnes and one representative from the Dominions, with the right to substitute another member at any particular stage. President Wilson will leave Incw York on Wednesday, 3rd March, oh hia return to France. The Pains correspondent of the New York 'World' states that 'peacc with Gfcjmahy may be sicmed within a week after President Wilson returns to Paris/' The Paris correspondent of the United Press Association says: — 'It is expected that tlie draft of the preliminary peace treaty may he ready for discussion about ths middle of April, and that a final peace settlement will be reached in June.'* There were angry scenes jn the Weimar Assembly during a debate on the armistice terms. Some of the delegates denounced Hen- Erzberger for his failure to extort more favorable conditions fioni the Allies, deeJoring it to be a 'graveyard armistice.' Herr .Eizbcrger, iu replying, reminded his critics tihat Germany had lost the' war. Ife added — frYou should' have addressed \- ourselves to Marshal Fuch.' M cimar reports state that the German Cabinet considered the armistice terms clause by clause. It unanimously refused to sign the terms for 'several hours, bnt finally it accepted them after a conference with the party leaders. Count Brockdorll' Kantzau, the Foreign Minister, thereupon resigned. Jt is possible that he will . re consider his resignation. The Berlin 'Yossiche Zeituug' states that Count BrockdorfT resigned in conse qucncc of the hostile reception accorded his pro-German speech. Jn the United States Senate on Thurs day, Senator Sheruiau urged that the Pre sident should be requested not to make aJ'-' public reference to the constitution of the League of Nations until he has ad dressed the Seuate. The President's pro posal to speak first iu Boston was de nounced. M. Clemenoeau; replying to the Allied Vvomnri Sufi rage deputation, promised that it should have representation on any Peacc Conference Commission which was dealing with matters aiiecting women and chil dren. Major-General Sir F. B. Maurice, in a message from Paris to the 'Daily News/' says: — 'Somewhat late in the day tlio cvn ditKns*oi' the armistice are now being con sidered in relation to the work of 'the Conference, instead of being treated soleh' a* a question or tire Vei'sailles Council. The' recent exaggerations of Germany's military strength and alarmist reports of her inten tions, which have been circulated with ulterior moth*es, are not conducive to the calin necessary for a sound peace. The effect in Germany of these agitations must not be forgotten. It is to our interests that the Government at Weimar should be firmly established. There is little prospect of obtaining our terms if there is no authority in Germany with which to treat. Monthly renewals of the armistice, coupled with the increased demands, make the position of the eGrnuin Government ex traordinarily difficult. If we upset ordered Government we can only obtain our terms through military cocupation, involving large forces on a compulsory basis for an indefinite period.' ' In an editorial article the New York Evening Sun' says: — 'Whatever disposi tion is made of the other German colonics it is certain that Great Britain will never consent. to relinquish her hold on German Last Africa. .Englishmen for three de cades have regretted the agreement which ceded this province to the Kaiser/' The Paris correspondent of the New lork 'Kvening Sun' says:— 'America, con trary to French expressions o fopinion, favors tho nnioiv of Austria and Germany under tin? principle of self-determination. She has not solved the difiiculty of dealing with Austria and Germany separately/' Italy Demands Fiume. It is reported that Italy lias made a strong demand lor the Hungarian port of luume. It is possible that the Italian Cabinet will resign if this demand is not conceded. eolw!'11-0' i1? 't'1 I'opulKtion of just under 5.1,000, is the chief port of Hungarv,- aU(l is really a Slav town, to which Itfily can not put forward a good claim. Also it !s the natural sea outlet of .I'ugo-Slnvoniu. Fiume has jnercantile sliip-building yards, but the Government dock yard could only build cruisers till shortly before the war, when the Hungarian (inveriunent promoted the Dniiubius Company, which put up the nece.-*iarv plant to build Dreadnoughts. Italy wants all she can get of the former Austro-flungarian Adriatic coast, because the Slav population make admirable sailors, and furnished nearly .qll the per sonnel of the former fleet of the old Dual Monarchy. Italy wants to develop both her war and mercantile fleets. The addi tion of this seagoing po^nlation would be a great gain.] Italy and Servia. Italy has refused to entertain Sei-via'd request to Presidenet Wilson to arbitrate upon her differences with Italy. Therefore the methods hitherto applied to territorial problems will be continued. The Confer ence is now hearing the Servian claims. It is regarded as impossible that one mem ber of the Conference should act in the place of- the Conference, as the whole of the claims must lie considered iii reference to the treaty entered into between Italy and Great Britain, hut if the Roumanian precedent were followed the case would be heard irrespective of the treaty. The Paris coiresponden t of the 'Dai'.v Telegraph'' recounts a significent incident. He says: — 'The representatives of the Servians, Croats and Slovenes have in formed M. Clemenceau that they have ap pealed to President Wilson to arbitrate upon their territorial differences with Italy. The incident directs attention to the fact that this is a deliberate attempt to remove the decision on an important question from the purview of the Confer ence. .It must be admitted that, this t» not the first sign of the flagging of. the re spect formerly shown to tlie work of the Conference, and it is not unjustified, ow ing to the conference's dilatory methods, vagueness and vacillation.' The Servians desire a rectification of the Bulgarian frontier which will repay tlie injustices done by the Berlin Congress of 1878. Hungarian District Divided. . It is believed that the question of the B:mat district of Hungary will be solved by Servia taking the agricultural portion, leaving Koumania with the mountainous and mineral area. It was found that there were historical and economic grounds for this method of division. [Banat is a portion of Hungary bounded by the Tliiess, Danube and Maros rivers. It was formed into nil Austrian Crown land in 1840, but was incorporated with Hungry in 18G0.] / Definition of ' Reparation.' The Reparation Commission is discussing the definition of what is' meant by tfte word ''reparation/' Should.-. the commis sion fail to agree upon the sum Ocrmanv shoi:!-! pay, and how it should be ,'illottcd anu»»' belligerents, .it may refer ?h» matter back to the Conference for further instructions. The Crimes Commission has appointed three sab-committees— the first to inquire into general matters, the second to recom-' n»«nd how to deal juidically with political offenders, and the third to inquire into crimes the subject of the common law. The Labor Commission. The Labor commission has agreed that two Qovernmeut delegates from each State, as well as one representing the employers and one the workers, shall attend the labor conference, each delegate having one vote. Friction ha« arisen in the special com mittee between the advocates of British and American labor plans. The Americana oppose the freedom of labor to seek em ployment in any country, on the gronnd that tlie proposal conflicts 'with the pro posal to -restrict the immigration of foreign labor to America. The Smaller Nations. The Esthonian delegates, addressing the British journalists on their country's posi tion eulogised the help given by the Bri tish Navy. Their country, they said, was now freed from the Bolshevists. The new Gei-man Government had offered the Esthonians arms- Ksthonra desired to main tain her freedom as a democratic country, and hoped, nnder the League of Nations, to work out her own aelf*determiuAtion. In an interview with the Pragne corre' spondent of the Chicago 'Newts,' Professor Mnsaryk, President of the Czecho-Slovak Republic, said: — 'There will be a trying time for new nationalities until the next harvest. After that we should be self-sup' jwrtinir. Difficulties are now caused by the lack oi rolling stock, with which to trans port commodities/' I he Danish delegation has asked the Su* preme Council to order a plebiscite in Schleswig Holstein, with the view of the return of t'he northern half of the pro vinces to Denmark. The matter has been referred to a committcc. Sinn Feiners Disappointed. The Ditblic correspondent of the Chicago # News' says: — 'The Sinn Feiners are irri tated with President Wilson because he has not advocated Ireland's cause at the Peace Conference. The Irish press, which formerly lauded President Wilson, is now attacking him/' Judge Cohaian, of the United States Su preme Court bench, stated at tho Irish con vention in Philadelphia that Ireland was e-piftlly entitled with other nations to self determination. The question was not a British domestic issue, but a world-wide issue. An American Senator's View. Spanking in the United States Senate on Friday, Senator Borah said that the League of Nations was the biggest triumph gained by British diplomacy in the last 300 years. Great Britain and her Do minions would be able to outvote the United States in everything they wished, ejrn to the extent of upsetting the Monroe .Doctrine. 