ITEMS OF INTEREST. A Note has been sent by the United States to the Mexican Government, warning the latter that the Washing ton Cabinet will adop a radical change of policy in relation to Mexico, unless the treatment of America by the Car ranza Government undergoes an alter ation. Now that the war is over there is a chance of these plunderers and persecutors of the Church being brought to book. Gold ingots worth £7,000,000 are aboard the sunken Laurentic off the coast of Donegal, says a cable'mes sage. The bulk lies in 10 fathoms of water. It .has been broken by the pressure of the sea, but the depth is just above the limit at which a diver can work in calm weather. The au thorities expect to recover all the gold. A million was recovered in 1917, 'when the Laurentic was lost, making 2\ millions thus far recovered, in hundredweight bars, a couple of feet in length. Marshal Foch has dismissed von Winterstein, the Governor of the Pala tinate provinces of Germany, and re placed him by G'en. Ingensberg. The German Government demands the re instatement of von Winterstein. , A Royal Commission,^ which en quired into the Italian military disas ters of 1917, reports that they were, above all, .due to General CadOrna's "infallible absolutism and self-suffi ciency." He was jealousr ofN possible Avals and intolerant of the views of others,'thus "stifling /initiative and : truth- speaking. This .report qpght to silence the slanderers . Who tried to put the blamfe on the priests;-bht will it? - . British aircraft .manufacturers; state that the boom in commercial aviation expected two months ago has not been realised/owing largely to the high cost of cbnstruotion andj upkeep. Seaside joy-riding" has-greatly; extended, and' is paying welly Germany is multiply ing her internal Commercial services byhlr. . . . . V;\ - . The Archduke Joseph's . Govern ment in Hungary has ordered the resr titution of bouse property .confiscated by the. Bolsheviks. > A/search of the capital, Budapest. reyealed many bodies of officlalsbn^ lars. The demobilisation of the Bol hhevik 'Red Ariny has been com pleted. it* In opening an exhibition of women's fashions at the Sydney Town Hall to day, Lady Davidson, wife of the Governor of New South Wales, ex pressed the hope that none of the ladies of Australia would follow the fashion plates appearing in journals coming from abroad at present. Judg ing by the fashion plates of various women's journals there was a ten dency for dresses to be, well—not too nice! A Reuber's message reports that the Senate has modified the United States "dry" measure, some drastic proposals being eliminated. The Bill still does not interfere with the right to have liquor at home. A cable message says:—In order !to test the legality of the British Govern ment's import restrictions, which were merely established as war measures, Sir John Simon, K.C. (who was Hpme Secretary in, 1915-16, and later served as a major in the Royal Air Force in France), decided Ito import without licence some of the embargoed commodities. He notified the Board of Trade of his intention, and lis now in Spain buying the goods. These will be submitted at auction when they arrive. Australian dairy students who have completed a course in Denmark, it is cabled, refer with enthusiasm to the methods there, and advocate their adoption in Australia. They also urge that facilities should be granted by Australia for the immigration of Dan ish dairy farmers. The total war casualties of the 'Aus tralian 1 forces are.jiow officially given as 313,903," 'including 58,974 deaths: Nine men are .still reported as missing, and a similar number as prisoners of w>ar. Mr. Mullen, speaking on, the Ad dress-iin-iReiply in the Queensland As sembly on Tuesday, proposed, he said, to expose one of the. most scandalous -plots ever conceited in this country. It was nothing less than a capitalistic conspiracy to' fight organised Labour. Extraordinary precautions had been taken to. maintain secrecy. ' The scheme had been launched under, the auspices of the Queensland Employers^ Federation. V American. • troops have invaded Mexico' in pursuit "•df; ihebandits who captured , two 'Ai^eric^ri airmen .and held .them to 'ransom,;. ; 1 The Prince of Wales hasi been -wel comed at Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian itinerary of the Prince has been officially announced. He^wlfll travel -8,800 miles, and will visit 53 cities in all parts of the Dominion. The Prince will visit the United States about Noyemjber. A highly placed person has been arrested at Berlin in connection with the attempt t& smuggle from German territory into Switzerland £1,000,000 in gold, in order to escape the heavy wealth taxtion in Ger many necessitated by tlhie indemnity obliga tions of that country. It is believed that the inonay was the property of the Crown iPrinceBs Cecilie.... ; 