THE CHARTER OF LABOUR. On tho authority of Mr. Barnes, the foremost representative of Labour in the Imperial Government, the Inter national ' Labour Committee in Paris has endorsed the British draft of the international charter, of labour. What Is proposed is that this charter shall become part of the settlement. How is not clear. Whether there is any way of imposing It on enemy countries 13 doubtful. But to have It stamped with the approval of the League of Nations would he a groat step to wards universal, approval. The Allies include the larger part of civilised mankind. What is law and practice nvlthln their countries lins' a good chance of becoming law and praetico in the remaining civilised countries. Because the Allies' npprovul would amount to a declaration that the charter had boon deliberately incor porated in civilisation. It would bo a powerful commendation of the charter to all tho world. Therefore tho press ing of the charter upon the Allies as something they should consider and deal with while making an immediate peace and covenanting against war in the future was an acute piece of strategy. Tho International Labour Committee has endorsed the British draft of an International charter. Pro bably this dral'L is tho work of tho British Labour leaders. There Is no argument of impracticability against an international charter of labour, I'lumuii beings hold a. grcnt portion of their nature In common, and therefore a universal policy of protection against oppressive or hurtful conditions that may occur anywhere Is not inherently unreasonable. It meets all. , human nature on its common ground. An international prohibition of the employment of cliildren'under 15 years of .age agrees with the most enlight-- ened sentiment and opinion of the Allied peoples. . There is a growing convlctibn— the knowledge gained In raising : armies lias deepened and strengthened It— that' adult life in civilised countries', has been injured and weakened by the habit of employ ing children who should be in schools and not. in the factories. It may be. ; true that the , majority, of children do riot get much; be yond' reading, writing, and a little arithmetic out of the primary schools, that -they do not take full advantage of what Is earnestly pressed upon them by the State and their teachers, and that thus , there is considerable waste of educational effort ; but, the rememdy or the alternative policy is not to put them to regular employment while they are still of. tender age. . Whatever is the right use of their time while they are under , 15, yet children, the wrong use of it— of course there are excep tions, but only a general rule can he politically ,- considered— is to declare them eligible for. regular employment. They have not emerged from, the period of growth In which regular employ ment- is attended by danger to their- adult, life,' not to stress the immediate cruelty .which is often the result. The tendency.;. of .civilisation is strongly to wards the. saving not Only of life it self, but qf the health and strength that are such a source of individual capacity arid happiness in the years to which the law of daily work is appli cable; Civilisation is liarkirig back to the original ' birthright of human, beings : not a life without toll, but a life so related to toil that toil becomes, not,; a- curse, not 'something to be dreaded1 and avoided, but; a. blessing,, something to-be welcomed as a. friend to well-being, to; health and happiness. ; It is in accordance with the non-em ployment of children . that the proposed international charter of labour limits the employment of . boys and girls be tween 15 and 18 to six hours a ' day.' In those years they are still growing and growth is always a tax on strength. Whatever arrests growth— and there may be an arrest of growth which is not . visible to a layman's eye — is a wrong, an irreparable wrong to the individual affected. Folk should bound from their boyhood and girlhood 'into manhood and womanhood. To , this enq It is not unreasonable that part of the interval between childhood and adult years should be one of restricted em ployment. Since boys and girls have to work with persons of adult age, it is obvious that there will have to be some adjustment to necessity in the terms of employment, some way of fitting the principle to the circumstances which does not Involve sacrifice of the prin ciple. But if the nation's medical, guides says that tho six hours' limit ought to apply to boys and girls, and if this counsel agrees with, the teachings of the wage-earners' own experience, then there is good reason, why it should bo written 'In the international charter./ Not with such certainty is it pos sible to. speak of the 8-hour day or 48- ho'ur week for all adult workers. As a general rule it Is defensible. ' To a very large extent it is the law or the practice now in the English- speaking countries. But there must be ex ceptions both above and below tho 8-hour line. There is work so exacting that the day must be shorter than 8 hours. It may be anything between 4 nnd 8 hours. Just so there are employments so light in their tax ing aspect .that to bring them within the 8-hour rule is inequitable. Work is measured by the tax on strength, on faculty, on alertness, as well as by the clock. It is a fact that measured by its taxing demand a 10-hour day in some, employments is lighter than an 8-hour day in severer employments. Of course this kind of difficulty must occur when a general rule is. applied to things whi'ch differ substantially. But tho danger is that when an 13- hour day is established for all em ployments tho tendency of its operation is for it to become, not a general rule, but a maximum. Tho man or class in a heavy employment asks why he or tho class should have to work eight hours while per sons engaged in light employments work only for tho same time. The evidence of this discontent is before us in the increasing demands for less than an eight-hour day or a 48-hour week in some of the more exacting employments. The proposed weekly rest between Saturday and Monday of at least 35 hours Is a rule generally observed in British and some other countries now. Where the Saturday half-holiday is observed the continu ous rest is 40 or more hours. It lightens tho common lot, because It allows tho wage-earning classes to participate In the pleasure of games. Tho weok-ond has become a holiday. Perhaps the proposal that women shall not he employed at night or be allowed to tako work home after a regular day's work Is a detail In em ployment that Is hardly big enough to Include In an international charter. And we are not sure that In many in stances It would not bear hardly on somo of the- most deserving of women. Tho rlgliL of free combination and association in all countries sounds a fair thing, hut Is it a safe thing to grant such freedom without reference to the purposes which combination or association may bo Intended ami used to servo Most countrius are now agreed that it should bo extended to all trades-unionism which is con cerned about Industrial conditions. But suppose — thoro Is riot much sup position about it — the right of asso ciation for Industrial purposes is a sheltor for conspiracy against tho country's constitution, ought conspir acy to bo considered as ontltlod to tree association ? Ought the right of asso- ciation to cover illegitimate as well as legitimate purposes ? This sounds like a foo!'''h question ; but look at tho revolutionary uses that are being made of association In Australia, and look at the permissive attitude of Govern ments which know what is being done and what is aimed at, but ,a'ro either sympathetic with the revolutionary spirit or are afraid to discharge a difficult and unpleasant duty. One of the amazing ironies of tho war , is the contrast between the super man boast of 1914 and the condition of Germany in March, 1919. The super man of 1913 was an Imaginary world- conqueror. lie swaggered about tho stage on stilts. Ho was his own idol. Cocksure of victory, he could nor wait till victory was actually attained and the nations implored his clemency. Ho anticipated it all. He did not think it necessary to capture Paris and Lon don before ho indulged his imagination in vast annexations and gorgeous in demnities. 'Then ho fought for more than four years. 1-Ie showed himself to be a good lighter. He had skill in strategy. I-Ie did not shame his mili tary history. But ho had been blinded by vanity to the merits and resources of tho. Allies. In the outer fighting fields his associates failed. Then they surrendered one after another. "And at last the terrible blows of the Allies' victory descended, upon himself in Franco and Flanders, and he sued for peace. Super-man or common . man, ho was done — beaten at sea, on the battlefield, in the air, ,, in. diplomacy. And that was not the end of humilia tion. The .challenger of the world Is now ' confronted by, . the discon tent nnd fanaticism of his own country. No super-man, he. . -Think .of 1914 — and look at Berlin in 1919 . ' The story told by Mr. Dickinson, 11 financial adviser to tho Coal Con trol lei\, to the Sankey Coal Commission does not lack Interest. For the five years prior to tho war the profits of the collieries averaged Is. per ton, com- partl with 3s. Gid. during the first eight months of last year — an increase of 160 per. cent. In June, 1918, the price, of coal was officially raised by 2s. (id., and then the profit rose to 4s. 9Jd. This increase of the price levied an extra uharge of £251000,000 annually on the consumers, although obviously the coal, owners did not need it. Later facts, however, it Is admitted by Mr. Dickinson, rriodify this statement. Tho gross profits before the war wore- £19,000,000, hut £0)000,000 went to tho Government as royalties. But the owners did not keep all the war-price profit. Mr. Dickinson explained that they were, allowed to keep only 5 per cent." The -excess profit took SO per cent, and . the Coal Controller 16 per cent. So 95 per cent was really a war tax.;' upon the coal consumer, who Included all householders, a' war tax Tor which, because it was levied in this ' roundabout fashion, they got no credit. Why, it may be asked, was the extra price put on in June, 1918? The answer is that it. prevented the closing of a large number of collieries. Every, ton of coal , which' could be got at was wanted. What, is to bo done with these collieries n6\v? Tho wages hills of tho mines now are at the rate of £171,000,000 compared with £91,000,000 in 1913. But the cable does not tell us whether these bills are for the same output of coal, or, . if not, how much of the later bills is for increased wages and how much for increased output. Both wages and output have largely increased. But the profits for the in dustry In 1918 were £39,000,000 as com pared with £13,000,000 in 1913 — a three to one advance.: Thus the profits have outstepped the wages. That is one of the causes of discontent, perhaps tho main one, into which tho commission has to Inquire. Possibly the peace de mand for- coal will fall far below the war .output. Mr. Dickinson says that the concession of a 30 per cent increase of wages for a six-hour day would mean an increase in the price of coal of Gs. 7d. per ton. Last year's increase of 2s. Gd. meant taking £25,000,000 an nually m'oro from consumers; The new demand, if conceded, would bo a very heavy addition, to the consumers' bur den and the consumers would pay It, not to the , Government or to the owners, but to tho minors. But what chance would British coal at so high a price have of finding markets out side the circle. of British protection? The gentlemen who have beori draw ing an allowance month by month which partly tit least was intended' by the Government to cover the expenses of a propaganda in furtherance of tho proposed abolition of the Legislative Council have not set Queensland won dering at the energy they are putting into the campaign. Not one of thorn has been consumed by the sun on the tree less plains. Not one lias . been drowned in the floods.' All this splendidly various , weather has failed to entice therii into the crusade they are pledged to. Nobody has seen or heard any; thing of .thorn. Is it possible that the Government is not so sure that the abolition of the Lcgislatlce Council is a desirable event? For our extremists, us candid as all their unthinking, irre sponsible class is apt to be, in un guarded moments, confess that they have decreed the destruction of Par liament. Both Houses are to go. First the Council, and then the Assembly. No laws at all is what they are aiming at. They will keep the Assembly alive for a time, because If there is no Coun cil they could command tho Assembly to immediately pass measures substi tuting the. industrial revolution for the old constitution, so that they could claim that tho revolution was a constitutional event ; then the Assem bly would follow its venerable colleague to the grave. Think of It. But you cannot think of it in the vivid way that is compulsory to the paid propagandists. All their soft jobs doomed. No more M'.L.A.'s. The stream of Government cheques dried up. N6 more free passes. "Hansard" sold to the State butchers' shops. Only Soviets in the land. Every ex-parlia- mentarlan under suspicion and trying to look like an ignorant revolutionary. Better stick to the Legislative Council. It may yet become the protector of the affrighted abolitionists. The story of the Jewish Rabbi in Denmark, who has been ordered out of the country because it has been dis covered that he made an enormous for tune out of the export of dental rubber to Austria, concealing the traffic In the sending of food parcels, was not the only illicit trafficker. Many of these sordid creatures were discovered during the war In Holland, Switzer land, and the Scandinavian countries. Of course the circumstances tempted them. Gold was their god. They were next door neighbours of the Central Powers, and yet had the intercourse of neutrals with tho Allies. The block ade made their opportunity. Always they were sure of famine prices for what by daring or lying they could get through the blockade. At one time, say in 1915 and 1910, a great deal of valuable material was passed into Germany and Austria. It was Impos sible to discover all the subtlety as soon as it was devised. But all Inven tion is limltod and. these persons were gradually stripped of all their re sources of deceit. So the blockade ever gripped tho enemy peoples more terribly,. And now that the war Is over the sordid money-makers are sure to bo exposed. Their countries are ashamed of them. ITow vast is tho dlstaneo between tho Jews in every Allied army who gave life for the great cause and this gold-loving Danish Rabbi. War exhibits tho ex tremes of character In every race that is a participant. According to tho draft International charter of labour — why It should find a plaoo In (hat document is not clear, since It is not an Industrial matter — Immigration shall not ho prohibited, though a State shall have tho right to restrict iinmlgratlop temporarily in limes of economic depression. This proposal, wo Imagino, will have no ehanee of acceptance as It reads. What it claims Is that as a rule every coun try Uiuohod by tho charter shall open its gates to whomever desires en- trance. It is death to our white Aus tralia, It would allow all the parti ally occupied territories in tho pos session of white races to bo flooded by the coloured races. It would take from the existing nations In all countries the right of shaping their own facial future. It might he the Instrument of what may be designated International revolutions or conspiracies. Wo think it will he found that each kingdom or republic will insist 011 the right, to he the keeper of Its own gates. Possibly we have got the proposal In a con densed form which does not convoy the policy in tho mind of the framers of tho charter. We can only interpret It. as It comes to us. Two lmnili-cil thousand pounds of lemon drops were rationed each month to the United States army. 