THE CHARTER OF LABOUR. On the authority of Mr. Barnes, the foremost representative of Labour in tho Imperii) I Government, tho Inter national Labour Committed in Paris lias endorsed the British draft of tho International charter of labour. Wlint is proposed is lliut this charter shall become part, of lite settlement. How is not clear. Whether there is any way of imposing It. on enemy countries Is doubtful. Hut In hnve it. skimped with the approval of the League of Nations would he a (front stop to wards universal approval. The Allies include I ho larger part of civilised mankind. What is law anil practice within their countries litis a good chance of becoming law and practice in tho remaining; civilised countries. Because the Allies' nppruvul would amount to a declaration that the churter hud heen ilelilieraiely incor porated in civilisation. It would lie a powerful commendnllon of the charter to all the world. Therefiire the press ing of the charter upon I lie Allies us something they should consider and deal with Willie making an immediate neiico and covennnllng ar.nlnsl. war in the iilturn was nil acute piece of strategy. The inleriiational Labour Committee lias eiulorsoil I lie British draft, of an inleriiational charter. Pro bably this draft Is tin! work of the British Labour leaders. There is no argument of impracticability against an international charter of labour. Human beings hold a great portion of their niiluru in common, anil therefore a universal policy of protection against oppressive or hurtful conditions thai | Jiiay occur anywhere is not inherently unreasonable. It meets nil human nature on its common ground. ' An international prohibition of tho employment of children under 15 years of nge agrees with the most enlight ened sentiment and opinion of the Allied peoples.' There is a growing conviction — the knowledge gained in raising armies has deepened and strengthened it— that adult life in civilised countries has been injured anil .weakened by the habit of employ ing children who should bo in schools and not in (lie factories. It may lie true that the majority, of. children do not get much be yond reading, writing, and a little arithmetic out of the primary schools, that thoy do not take full advantage of what is earnestly pressed- upon them by the- State and their teachers, and: that thus there is considerable waste of educational effort ; but the rememdy or the alternative policy is not to put them to regular employment while they are still of tender age. Whatever is the right use of their time while they are under 15, yet children, the wrong use of it — of course there are excep tions,. but only a general rule can he politically, considered — is to declare thein eligible for regular employment. They have not emerged from the. period of. growth in which regular em ploy. - .mcnt is attended by < danger to .their adult life, not to stress the immediate cruelly, which is often the result. Tho tondency of civilisation is strongly to wards the saving, not only of life it self, hut of tho health and strength' that are such a spurce of individual capacity and happiness in tho years to which the law of daily wbrk is appli cable, Civilisation is harking hack to the. original birthright of human beings: not a life without toil, i but a life so related to toil that toil becomes, not a curse, not something to be dreaded and avoided, but a blessing, something to be welcomed as a friend to well-being, to health and happiness) It is in accordance with the non-em ployment of children tha.t the proposed international' charter of labour limits the employment of , boys nnd girls be tween 15 and IS to six hours a day. In : those years they are . still growing and growth is always, a 'tax on strength. Whatever .arrests .growth — and there may he an arrest of growth which is not visible to a- layman's eye — is a wrong; an irreparable wrong to the individual affected. Folk should bound from their boyhood and girlhood into manhood anil womanhood. To this end it is not unreasonable that part of the interval between childhood and adult years should be one of restricted em ployment. Since boys and girls have to work with persons of adult age, it is obvious that there will have to be some adjustment to necessity in the' terms of employment, some way of fitting tho principle to the circumstances which does not involve sacrifice of the priii-) ciple, But if the nation's medical guides says that Ihe six hours' limit ought to apply to hoys ami girls, and if this counsel agrees -with the teachings of the wage -earners' cwn experience, then tliere is good reason why it should be written l,n the international charter. Not with such certainty is It pos sible to spouk of the S-hour day or 48- honr week for all adult worke-s. As a general rule it is defensible. To a very large extent it is the law or the practice now in the English -speaking countries. But there must be ex ceptions both above and- below the S-hour line. There is work so .exacting that the day must be shorter than 8 hours. U may lie anything between 4 and 8 hours. Just so there are employments so light In their tax ing aspect that to bring them within the -8-hour rule is inequitable. Work Is measured by tho tax on strength, on faculty, on alertness, as well as by the clock. it Is a fact that measured by its taxing' demand a 10-hour day in some employments is lighter than an S-hour day in severer employments. Of course tills kind of difficulty must occur when n. general rule is applied to tilings which differ substantially. But the danger is that when an 8- liour day is established for all em ployments the tendency of its operation is for it to become, not a general rule, but a maximum. The man qr class in a heavy employment asks why lie or the class should have to work eight hours while per sons enguged in light, employments work only for tho snmo time. The evidence of tills discontent is before us in the increasing demands for less than an eight-hour day or a 48-hour week in some of tho more exacting employments. The proposed weekly rest between Saturday and Monthly of at least (HI hours is a rule generally observed In British and some other countries now. Where tho Saturday half-holiday Is observed the continu ous rest is 40 or moro hours. It lightens Hie common lot, because it allows the ivn go-earning classes to participate in the pleasure of games. .Thj; weok-oiui has become a .holiday. Perhaps the proposal that women shall nol bo employed at night or bu allowed to take work home after a regular day's work is a detail ill em ployment Mini is hardly big enough to include in an international charter. And we are not. sure that in many in stances it would not hear liurdly on some of the most, deserving of women. Tlie right of free combination and association in all countries sounds a fair tiling, but is it a safe thing to grain such freedom without reference lo the purposes which eomhinallon or association may lie intended and used lo serve ? Alosl eouiilrics arc now agreed dial il should bu extended to all I lodes loii' iiiisiii which is con cerned about industrial conditions. But suppose there is not much sup position olioul i I — 1 1 in right of asso- clalian for industrial purposes is a slieller for conspiracy tiguinsl (lie country's constitution, ought conspir acy to lie roiniUiorud as entitled to tree asscclai Ion Ought tho right of asso- ciation to cover illegitimate as woll as legitimate purposes ? This sounds like a ' fooPh question ; but look at the revolutionary uses that arc .being made of association in Australia, \ and look, at the permissive attitude of Govern ments which know what is being dono and what is aimed at, but are either sympathetic '.'with the revolutionary spirit or are afraid to discharge a difficult and unpleasant duty. One of the amazing ironies of the war is the contrast, between the super man. boast of 1914 and the condition of Germany in March, 1919. The super man of 1913 was ail imaginary world- conqueror. He swaggered about the stage on stilts. Ho was his own idol. Cocksure of victory, he .could not wait till victory was actually attained and the nations implored his clemency. Ho anticipated it nil. He did not think it necessary to capture Purls and Lon don before he indulged his imagination in vast annexations nnd gorgeous 'in demnities. Then he fought for more than four years. lie showed himself to bo a good lighter. Ho had skill in strategy, lie did not shame his mili tary history. But he had been blinded by vanity to the merits arid resources of the Allies. In the outer fighting fields his associates failed. , Then thoy surrendered one after another. And at Inst the terrible blows of the Allies' victory, descended upon hiriiself in France and Flanders, and he sued for peace. Super-man or common man, lie was done— beaten at sea, on the battlefield, in the air, in diplomacy. And thiit was not the end of humilia tion. The challenger of the world is now confronted-' by the discontent and fanaticism of his own country. No super-man, he. Think of 1914 — and look at Berlin in 1919 ! Tho story told by Mr. Dickinson, t' financial adviser to the Coal Con troller, to the Sankey Coal Commission does not lack interest.- For the five years prior to the war the profits of the collieries averaged ls.'per ton, com- pa'rd with 3s. 6Jd. during the first eight months of last year — an Increase of 150 per cent. In June, 1918, the price of coal was officially raised by 2s. 6d., and then the profit rose to 4s. 91d.' This increase: of the price levied an extra charge of £25,000,000 annually on Hie' consumers, altliough obviously tho coal owners did not need it. Later facts; however. It is admitted by Mr. Dickinson, modify this statement. The gross profits before tho war were £19,000,000, but £6,000,000 went to the Government as royalties. ' But the owners did not keep all the war-price profit. Mr. Dickinson explained that they were allowed, to keep only 5 per cent. The excess profit took SO per cent, and the Coal Controller 15 ..per cent. So 95 per cent was really a war tax upon the conl consumer, who included all householders, a war tax for which, because it was levied in this' roundabout. .fashion,, thoy got no oredit. "VVhy, it may be asked, was the extra price put' on in June, 1918? The answer iq that it prevented tho closing of a large number of collieries. Every ton of coal which could be got at was wanted. What is to be done with these collieries now? The wages .bills of the mines now sire at the rate of £171,000,000 compared with £91,000,000 in 1913. But the cable does not tell us whether these bills are for the same output of conl, or, if not, how much of the later bills is for increased wages and how much for increased output. Both wages and output have largely Increased. .But tho profits for the in dustry in 1918 were £39,000,000 as com pared with £13,000,000 in 1913 — a three to one advance. Thus the profits huve outstepped the wages. That is one of the causes of discontent, perhaps the main one, into which the commission has to inquire. Possibly the peace de mand for coal will fall far below the war output. Mr. Dickinson says that tho concession of a 30 per cent increase of wages for a six-hour day would mean an increase in .the price of coal of 6s. 7d. per ton. Last year's increase of 2s. 6d. meant taking £25,000,000 an nually more, from consumers. The new demand, if conceded, would ho a very heavy addition to the consumers' bur den and the consumers would pay it, not to the Government or to the owners, but to the miners. But what chance would British conl at so high a prico have of finding markets out side tho circle of British protection ? The gentlemen -who have been draw ing an allowance month by month which partly at least was Intended by the Government to cover the expenses of a propaganda in furtherance of tho proposed abolition of the Legislative Council have not set Queensland won dering at the energy they are putting hito the campaign. Not one of them hus been consumed by the sun on the tree less plains. Not one has been, drowned in the floods. All this splendidly various weather has failed to entico them into the crusade they are pledged to. Nobody has seen or heard any thing of thein. Js it possible that the Government is not so sure that the abolition of the Lcgislatice Council is a di'sirabla event? For our extremists, as candid as all their unthinking, irre sponsible clasB is apt to be, in un guarded moments, confess that they have decreed the destruction of Par liament. Both Houses are to go. First tho Council, and then the Assembly. No laws at all is what they are aiming at. They will keep the Assembly alive for a time, because If there is no Coun cil they could command the Assembly to immediately pass measures substi tuting tins industrial revolution for the old constitution, mi that they could claim that the revolution was a constitutional event ; then the Assem bly would follow its venerable colleague to tho grave. Think of it. But you cannot think of it in the vivid way that Is compulsory to the paid propagandists. All their soft jobs doomed. No moro M.L.A.'s. The stream of Government cheques dried up. No more free pusses. "Hansard" sold to the Stqte butchers' shops. Only Soviets In the land.. Every ex-parlia mentarian under suspicion and trying to look like an ignorant revolutionary. Better stick to the Legislative Council, it may yet become the protector of the affrighted abolitionists. The story of the Jewish Rabbi in Denmark, who 1ms been ordered out of the country because it lias been dis covered Hint he made an enormous for tune out of the export of dental rubber to Austria, concealing the traflic in I lie sending of food parcels, wus not the only . illicit trullleker. Many of these sordid crcalurcs were discovered during tho war in Holland, Switzer land, and the Scandinavian countries. Of course the circumstances tempted them. Gold was their god. They were next door neighbours of tho Central rowers, and yet had tho Intercourse of neutrals with the Allies. The block ade made thoir opportunity. Always I hey were sure of, famine prices for what by daring or lying they coulil get tli rough the blockade. At one time, say in 1915 and 1916, a great deal of valuable material was passed into Germany and Austrlu. It was impos sible to discover, all the subtlety as soon as it wus devised. But all inven tion Is limited and those persons woro gradually stripped of all thoir re sources of deceit. So the blockade ever gripped the enemy peoples more terribly. And now that the war' is over tho sordid money-makers aro sure to lie exposed. Their countries are ashamed of them. How vast is tho distance hctween the Jews in ovcrv Allied army who gave life for the great cause and tills gold-loving Danish Rabbi, War exhibits tho ex tremes of character in every race that is a. participant. According in the draft international charier of labour— why it should Unci a, place in thai, document is not clear, since il. is not an industrial matter — immigration slmll not be prohibited, though a State shall have tho right to restvict Immigration temporarily in Limes, of economic depression. This proposal, we imagine, will have no chance of acceptance as it rends. What It claims Is that as a rule every coun try touched by the charter shall opue its gates to whomever desires en- trance. il is death to our whlto Aus tralia. 11 would allow nil tho parLl- nlly occupied territories In tho pos session of white races to be flooded by tho coloured races. It would take from tlm existing nations lu all countries tho right ot shaping their own racial future. It might lie the instrument of what may bu designated International revolutions or conspiracies. We think it will be found thai each kingdom or republic will Insist on the right to lie 'the keeper of Its own gates. Possibly wo Imvo got the proposal In a con densed form which does not oqnvey tho policy in the mind of (he trainers of tho charter. Wo can only Interpret it as It comes to lis. Tivo liiiiiilrei! thousand pounds of lemon ilropn were rationed c.ioli month to the I Fulled Stairs army, 