PEACE NEGOTIATIONS. preliminary treaty. DRAFTING THE TERMS. WORK ALMOST COMPLETED. SEPARATE TREATIES WITH ENEMY POWERS. (United Service.) " nLONOON, "Friday.—"Yes, freedom in transactions will ho largely restored to German trade," said M. Tardien, one of the French peace delegates, to night. Apparently the Supreme Coun cil's intention is to permit the imme diate resumption of exports, subject to financial conditions by which the Allies will supervise the transactions for' the "dual purpose' of collecting money towards the reparation fund and preventing undue trade competition. M. Tardien stated that preliminary peace treaties will be presented to Aus tria, Turkey and Bulgaria individually at intervals of from five ton days, and probably all will be signed by , the end of April. [t is confirmed that the Reparation Commission is unable to agree on the amounts to be claimed, but M. Tardieu expects that the terms will set mitxtho principle of reparation and affirm that Germany must pay, in monoy, a lump sum, which must.be paid immediately, with' farther instalments at stated periods. A11 the Gorman frontiers would, he said, bo settled before March 21\. The Germans would not be permit ted >to own; or manufacture: aeroplanes until the' final' peace settlement, even for commercial" purposes, except about , 1,000 hydroplanes for assisting in . mine sweeping operations. Poland will cer tainly get Dantzig and the "Vistula. The French people are pressing special mention in the preliminary peace terms of the Austro-G jrman , status with a view if at least delaying the "junction of German-Austria , with Germany, which French policy sternly opposes. The Pope has appealed to the Allies urging a speedy peace without humilia tion of Germany in order to prevent the growth of Bolshevism in Germany. ' PARIS, Saturday.—A high authority to-night expressed the view that - the. Peace Treaty would not bo ready by March 20. It was more likely to be" thfe middle of April. ' : - \ i, (Renter's Service.) * NEW . YORK, Saturday.—President Wilson has cabled-. that the Plenary Council has decided that the League of ■ Nations will be a part of the Pea.ce '• Treaty. ' ("TimeB" Service.) PARTS, Saturday.—The ^Supreme Council to-day; considered another as pect of Bolshevism. It. is vital that . Poland should be a strong buffer state separating Russia .from Germany. There is nothing, else to prevent- the Germans, from- stepping in and re-or " ganising and- Germanising .Russia. The questions before the Council were the fixing of .Germany's eastern frontier .and the. giving; of seaports to Poland. ,- 'They wish to give'Dantzig to Poland .'with a strips of territory along the "Vis ; though Dantzig is admittedly German and east and west Prussia w'. would' be' divided. Some way may be , WUUIU Uli . I discovered of giving communication be-1 twecn east and "west Prussia, but i present ' it is proposed to leavo them merely sea communication. , It • is xe cognised that this, is not satisfactory, : and that it may provide the germ for . a future war. Most of the Poscn pro-' ■ viricerwiH certainly go to Poland. The Council also /Considered the case ■ of the Schleswig province. The Danes are likely to be allowed to take a pleb iscite, the German troops meanwhile -.withdrawing southward. The new ' : Danish frontier probably will be north -. of Flensburg. • -i The Crock Commission's report .- unanimous " that Greece miist have -Throec.. Otherwise the report presents 1 diverse views, leaving the "Big Five" to come to a conclusion. Bulgaria will bo permitted to mnke railway conuuc , ticme and. use Greek ports. The Washington correspondent of the : "Times," in a forecast, says that the \- . Republicans' opposition to: the League of Nations is moderating, and there are indications of the Republicans agreeing . to a compromise—namely,, the ratifica tion of the League if it is amended by | \- tho modification of the. obligations on / America regarding territorial guaran tees^ the reservation of domestic mat tors such as tariffs and immigration, tho recognition of the Monroe doctrine, and the making of it clear that the ana me — - . . British Empire, throuBh ^th^DomnuopB, OriWBU will not have undue influence League. 