GERMANY'S CAPITU LATIO N. \---,--qi--,? Copenhagen, Jan. 21. Nearly _forty million persons voted .t the` German National Assembly elections. The complete returns are not yet available. The polls ini Berlin and many provincial towns have been- declared. They show that the Government Socialists are on top even where their victory was unexpected. The Independent Socialists secured a few seats, but they topped the poll only in Leipzig and Halle. The Centre party maintained a strong position in B. avaria, 'except in Munich, where the Government tSocialists polled 150,000 votes, and the Centre party 80,000. Wurtem berg returned seven. Government Socialists, four Centre party, .four Democrats, two citizen peasants, and two Independent. Socialists. The elected members include Eich. hlorn, Haase, Scheideman, and Erz berger.- It is expected that' the Government Socialists will. be the largest party in the convention, but will be outnumbered by a coalition of -t-he. bourgeois • parties.. Amsterdam, -Jan. 21. Hamburg, which the Spartacus, Iparty and the Independent Social-I its regarded. as their stronghold, returned seven Government Social ists, three Democrats, and one In dependent Socialist.' London, "'Jan. 21. A Government wireless message from Berlin says :-"The news .papers, discussing the ? place of meeting .for the National Assembly, point out that_ Berlin affords the strongest military protedtion. The .removal .from Berlin. would be. re garded 'unfavourably as a flight from the Spartacists. - It is re ported that the ex-Kaiserin has ex pressed a wish to -eturn to Ger many and live in complete retire ment at. Potsdam with her children. The "Vorwaerts" declares that the elections were mostly orderly, whice is a . good omen as proving the' people's 'determination to arrive 'at a democratic ,regime. The search for. Rosa "Luxemburg's body con tinues unsuccessfully. Amsterdam, Jan. 21. The German Constitution Bill fol lows 'the .lines cabled on. December! 22\. The' President is elected for a term of years by jnational vote. Prussia is divided into several ro publics, including the republic of Berlin, having .ten million inhabit ants. A London cablegramr, dated' De .cember 22,, was as follows :-"Ad-' vices from Berlin say that -Herr Preuss,. Secretary of 'State for the Interior, assisted by experts' in in ternational law, has drafted -a eon-' stitu;iion for the new Germanr repub lic.. It proposes a Government head ed .by. ~ president, elected by the people. The president's authority shall. be intermediate -betWeen that of the- American. President 'and the English King. The president nomin ates the. Cabinet, like the United States. Instead of the old Federal] Council, Herr Preuss proposes 'that delegates from the various German ' States shall constitute a" second Chamber, resembling the United States 'Senate. The president and. his -Government will have as- much power as is reconcilable with' the in dependence of -each individuali State, including the control of rail ways, post and telegraph, Customs, and army. It is expected that 15 -States will make up the, new con federation, the areas and. boundar ies of which will be very different from 'those now existing." Paris, Jan. 22. An official communique issued to-day says:--'The conerene ap proved of~ President Wilson's pro posal that .the single object of the associated- Powers was to assist Russia to the utmost, and to re cognise her right to settle her own affairs, and had no desire to ex ploit Russia in any way.. Theyi therefore invited the representesr tives of. recognised groups in European Russia, except Finland, to send three representatives from] each group to Princes Island in the Sea of Marmora to meet .represen tatives from the conference, :provid ed 'that all military activity in t eastern Russia and Finland o?eased, E The meeting of the peace confer ence and 'the Russian delegates was e Aixed to take place by February 11.. i The conference proposal was sent by wireless to Russia. "A plenary meeting of the. con ferene, will be held. on Saturday, when Mr. :Lloyd George will move the league of nations proposals." London, Jan. 21. The "Miorning Post". correspon 'dent in Stockholm says :-"M. Peter Sturve, a former leader of the Cadet party, has left for Pariis in order to protect the interests of General Denikin and Admiral Kol tehak at the Peace Confernce. He only escaped capture by the Bol sheviks by hiding and adopting as sumed names. He says that the most essential need of the hour is to raise a voluntary force and iti troduce elementary order, and oust what is really an Asiatic despotism under a communistic label. A temporary military dictatorship S. necessary until the re-establishment of a Russian community based on law, but the future politic ii and social reformation must.be entrust-. ed to representation 'formed on- a democratic basis. M. Sturve adds "The southern army, the central council of which includes delegates of. all parties, represents a'considei. able military factor. . Under Gen eral Denikin it works in complete harmony with Admiral Koltchak's organisation in the East. The lat ter is developing rapidly. It con trols 150,000 troops, and m'inarchistsi and republicans are rallying around its programme for the restoration of order." Montreal, Jan. 21... The Paris correspondent of the "New York Sun" says :-"There is less fear. f the spread of Bolshevism in Europe. The eoderates' suc cess at the German elections, the compromise over Poland, and the probable settlement of the Russian question seems to. have solved the Bolshevik danger." . Paris, Jan. 21. A representative of ithe "Petit Parisien" had an interview to-day with M. Sazonoff, who applauded the anti-Bolshevist efforts of Gen- erals Markoff and Denikin,. but said that the support of the-Entente was required in order to supply ma terial. The Soviet regime could be soon overcome if firm actil.)n was taken. . ' " London, Jan. 21. The Paris correspondent of the! "Morning Post" says that M. Nou lens' stiorig appeal for interv~e tion in Russia greatly impressed - the allied Ministers. He declared that a large army was unnecessary, but that subsidiary aid was essential. Paris, Jan: 21. M..Nouleus, in his statement to the cbnference, emphasised- two points :-First,' that there cannot be any peace with the Bolshevists; and"second, that Bolshevism, like German Imperialism, threateis all civilised' States, inless it is stranig- led betimes. M. Noulens added: "The westward advance of the Bolshevik army has: caused wide spreiid rising in -Poland,' Germiany, and Hungary, where conditions" are ripe for Bolshevism,' thus threatein ing western civilisation. Large forces would not be required to stem the invasion if ;steps be taken early." M. Noulens estimated that the Bolsheviks possess some 450,000 troops of poor quality, and fifteen hundred guns, but there is a short age of shells. Strong anti-Bols hevist -forces are in the northward and eastwaird, but . there is' little, opposition 'in Poland and the BalticI provinces. Limited, opportune help now could stem the tide and eventu'ally crush Bolshevism. I Londori, Jan. 21. The "Evening Standard" corre spondent in Paris says:-"Rus'sia is the most absorbing conference problem. Many of the '4elegates are deeply concerned, and consider that Russia' should be represented. Though a number of distiiguished Russians are at present in Paris, it is felt that if they alorie are con suited it will arm the Bolishevists ivith fresh arguments wherewith to appeal to their countrymen, es pecially the peasants. One dirncul ty; is communica?tion, but a wireless appeal could be sent world-wide., It could, be intercepted by the Bolshevists, and might assist in as- i' suring them that the cohiference genuinely desired real Russian re presentation. It is understood t;hat the Britishdelegates favoured.'i such an-appeal, but it was not adopted because some of the dele- t g·ates still refuse to have any deal- c ings with the Bolshevists. Yet it is i t felt that the present position is in tolerable. It is generally agreed \- that it will be liazardous to take 1 any action that might cause a re e'sentment of interference, yet de ,lhy, by assisting the increase of disorder, is likely to render -inter -Ivention iiecessary. The important r I thing is to get a strong stable Gov eernment established." London, Jan. 22. I The diplomatic correspondent of the "Daily 'Chronicle'' savs:-"It is believed that the policy of interven tion in Rlussia is gamiun ground. Military experts- agree wit1 M. Nou lens and others that a small force s is sufficient to turn .the scare. The Bolshevik and anti-Bolshevik forces are more delicately -balanced than \- is commonly supposed. Lenin and Trotsky are anxious for peace in • order to gain, breathing space, and t complete their plans c.f wl Ild con; quest for Bolshevism. The principle of benevolent penetration aided by food colunins still remains a possible Imethod." S London, Jan. 22. I The "Morning Post" correspon Sdent in Paris thus summarises the views of the Great Powers on R]s sian intervention :-"France is per fectly ready to assist in material but not in men; Britain is under stood to favour intervention at the Caspian Sea- Italy is not against intervention, but gives no indication of the method; President Wilson has always hoped that Bolshevism would i ultimately work out its own salva tion; Japan restricts her interests to Siberia.. It is for the confer ence to harmonise these conflicting L views." S. - London, Jan. 22. It is understood that Mr. Lloyd George did not propose that Lenin •and Trotsky should sit at the Peace. Conference, but that all sections of Russian opinion should be invited to Paris to express their views. SParis, Jan. 23. M. Sazonoff characterises the al lied invitation to the Bolsheviks as an outrage on the Russians who-re mained, faithful to the Entente. He refuses to participate in any meet ing- with them. He is sure that General Denikin and the Omsk Gov ernment will also refuse. Paris, Jan. 23. The French newspaper "La Paix" says in its comments on the Russian decision that it reflects dread of the Bolshevists, while approving of a firm-handed. inquiry. It hopes that the-Bolsheviks will cease their Euro pean propaganda. It hails the pro posal to meet their delegates on-the Sea of Marmora as less harmful than biringing them to Paris. In their message to Ruisia the associated Powers emphasised the point that, while recognising the revolution without reservation, they make it clear that .they do riot countenance any counter-revolution or favour any groups in Russia-. Paris, Jan. 23. The French newspapers animad vert on the Russian proposal. Their view;' clearly: not officially inspired, is that the position in Russia is suech that none :of the *?.rionus groups is inclined to fighlt fora united Russia, land therefore the idea. of military intervention on the part of the al lied Powers could not be; considered. It is believed, that the French dele gates. realised this thoroughly, and the decision reached was the only one possible. Petrograd, Jan. 21. .The Moscow Government's budget 4 shows an enormous increase, of ex penditure in the second half of the '1 year 1918, due to the war- revenue, principally derived from -the heavy . property and income tax, which showed a heavy fall towards the end of the *year. The Finance Commis- I sary anticipates little revenue from it in 1919.. C?openhagen, Jan. 21. I' The majority of the Lithuanian COabinet have fled to Libau, owing to the Bolshevik advance, which has arrived at Bornhohn. - Stockholn, Jan. 21. Esthonian and Finnish troops have captured Narva, a seaport on the Gulf of Finland, about 100 miles west of Petrograd, obtaining r large booty in provisions and guns, a-nd capturing all the divisional staff a officers. Trotsky, who was attempt- I ing to inspire the Bolshevik resist- g nncd, escaped after the fight. - S(An earlier cablegramin from Lon- I 'don, on the 21st., said :-"An -of~ciial E communique from Esthonia says I that the advance - towards Narva I continues. The Bolsheviks retreated a in •disorder ·after all day fighting on Friday. Further progress was made on Saturday, whien five hun dred prisoners were taken.") Vancouver, Jan. "23. Advices -from London say that Trotsky, has ordered: a Bolshevik surrender of Petrograd if the allied forces from northern Russia move to attack- the city. (A London cablegram already pub lished, dated the 23rd, said that the ' "Morning Post" correspondent in Stockholm- telegraphs :- "In con sequence of the Bolshevik defeat in the Baltic provinces, Trotsky order ed the evacuation of Petrograd without resistance, and after that the whole Bolshevik army desert ed.") - London, Jan. 22. The" most recent- information from Russia : indicates that the Bolshevik plans are. complete for an extension of their propaganda. eastwards. They anticipate that India, China, and southern Asia will fall an easy prey,, but Admiral" Koltchak's Omsk arimhy temporarily cuts off their advance.. Those who favour intervention urged that prompt support te sent to strength en this barrier. Reports from the. Crimea state that -.Bolshevism is. spreading in the Ukraine, and that only prompt intervention can pre vent the. whole of the Black Sea littoral from falling into Bolshevik hands. Paris, Jan. 22. Correspondents here discuss at length the attitude of the confer ence towards Russia. They, con sider that the difficulties are lessened owing to the likelihood of the establishment of stable govern ment in Berlin as a result of. -the elections. Probably the allies' first aim will be to place an effec tive. barrier of buffer States against the westward advance of Bolshev ism, and later when the weather im proves to supply munitions and small contingents or men to the various anti-Bolshevik centres, thereby hemming ih the" Bolsheviks. The correspondents are generally agreed that the overthrow of the German ext yemists will facilitate allied aid to Poland, and, will also assist the task of feeding the Cen tral Powers. It will soon be pos sible'to allow. Germany and A1ustria to purchase food abroad. Amst erdam, Jan. 22. Present indications are that as the result of the German elections the Majority Socialists will have the largest following. though they are I not -likely to have an absolute ma jority in the National Assembly. Amsterdam, Jan. 22. The German election results con tinue to go in favour of the Gov ernment, and the majority of the Majority Socialists is increa nw. Amsterdam, Jan. 22. Out of 212 results now known for the German National Assembly elec tions, the Majority Socialists have secured 96 seats ; the Democrats, 40; and the Centre clerical party, 35. It is likely that Herr Ebert will remain Chancellor. Herr Naumann Ger many's fingst orator, is strongly sup ported for the Presidency, for which the Independent Socialists are run ning Herr Eicnhorn, the Spartacus Prefect of Police. It is expected that the German National Assembly will meet at Wei mar, on February 6. Copenhagen, Jan. 23. Of the election results 421 are now available out of 433. So far the Majority Socialists have won 164 seats, the Centre party, 88; Democrate, 77; National party, 34; Independent Socialists, 24; People's party, 23; and other in significant parties, 11. London, Jan. 22. The German Government, reoog nising the great success of techni cal education in securing Ger many's commercial world supre macy, has inserted in the Constitu tion Bill' a provision that technical education shall be free and acces sible to all Germans according to their capabilities. Amsterdam, Jan. 22. A general strike has been pro claimed in Brunswick; all railway t~raffic has ceased, and the strike is spreading. Rotterdam, Jan. 23. Fresh coal strikes have broken out throughout Germany. They are regarded as a political movement against Ebert. The Dus:seldorf miners have proclaimed the social isation of the mines. London, Jan. 23. A German wireless message says: "It is presumed that the Majority Socialists will coalesce with the De. mocrats to form a common Govern ment. The National Assembly will propose that a provisional central authority be established until the new Imperial constitution comes into force. London, Jan. 22. A "Manchester Guardian" cor respondent, who was engaged on.1 relief work, and looking for missing men in Russia, in 1917-18, gives an interesting review of the econc' conditions of rural Russia under Bolshevism. He sa?e?hs: "The co- operative societics have now secured the virtual monopolvy of trading, nutting the small trad-' ers out of business. The societies get credit from the Soviets, and! are regarded by the railways as a, Government department.. Their profits are reduced to a minimum, and devoted to education, including classes in modern languatl,., t tory, and bookkeeping. The Boil sheviks commenced with an ambi tious educational programme. Theyf: aimed at establishing a school in every village, but tile project wasa abaidoned owing to lack of teach cre. Instead of it the Bolsheviks have started training colleges for teachers, and the Soviets are financ ing the colleges. "The immense enthusiasm for education was a great Bolshevik asset. The Boy Scout movement is also flourishing. The Soviets con trol mcst of the factories and for. eats. The Bolshevik leader- i time gave the local Soviets' con trol of local sections of the railways. but that scheme sooni failed, and complete disorganisation followed. As the Bolsheviks desired nationalI control, they then resumed charge1 of the railways. Regarding th ownership of land, there is much difference of opinion. The Bolshevik leaders desire to administer many of the large estates through their own experts, but the peasants do not desire nationalisation, but vil lage ownership. The Bolsheviks have secured taxes by capital levies from which none are exempt, and by commandeering stores and sell ing them at high prices., "Justice is secured by the elec. tion of older inen as magistrates. 1 'Ine Red Guards sometimes over tode them, but on the whole Rus. i: as more reliable law courts, and a uter POllic adtmDinistratioa than 1 'under the old regime. There has been no blackmailing in connection iwith illicit vodka stills. The Bol Isheviks simply confiscated and still I deprived the maker of his supplies of grain." New York, Jan. 22. Despatches from Vladivostock say that, under the agreement for joint international control of the trans Siberian railway, the Americans will control the section from Porgranio hana to Omsk; the British that from Omsk to the battle front; the French will control the Khabarovsk section; and the Japanese that from Blago vestschensk to Chita., Montreal, Jan. 23. "Advices from Stockholm say that the Bolsheviks are heavily shelling the American and Russian armies in the Haparanda region, and that severe fighting is in progress. Stockholm, Jan. 23. Two rather mysterious Russian messages spoke of the desertion of a whole Bolshevik army after a, de feat, and of Trotsky's- orders for a Bolshevik evacuation of Peti'ograd. It is now explaine-. that Trotsky's statement about the desertion of a whole Bolshevik army refers to sixty thousand men on the Nar-va front' who went over to the Esthon ians after the capture of Narva ; and that the evacuation of Petro grad was rendered necessary by the heavy Bolshevik defeat at Perm. London, Jan. 23. The successful advance of the Esthonians towards Petrograd and their important defeat of the Bols heviks was due partly to trouble in Petrograd in the efforts to avert disaster at Perin. The Britisn handed over to the Esthonians the captured Bolshevik torpedo boats, and they are being used against the Bolshevik flank. Amsterdam, Jan. 22. A Warsaw telegram states that the Polish Premier, M. Paderewski, has telegraphed 'asking the Entente Governments to accept Poland as: an ally. He appeals to .Mr. Lloyd George to assist her to quelli anarchy on the Polish frontiers. London, Jan. 24. The "Evening Standard" states: that rMarnshal Foch started for Poland to-day to inquire into the military situation there. New York, Jan. 22. Advices from Prague say th.t: none of the industrial cuntres in thec Czccho-Slovak republic are operat ing, because of the lack of material. The country needs raw material and food, but has no money to pay for them. It has rich natural resources which it is unable to develop, and needs allied aid. Copenhagen,' Jan. 22. The British delegation arrived in Lemberg -yesterday, and the tow;n wars beflagged in their honour. Sc v eral shells fc- ll into the city fromi the 1kraine batteries duripig the celebrations,. Paris, J~n. 1 S. The "Ech o (1( lPari3 " state- that the British naval commader , at Constantinople, Admiral Cal11hoirp0 , has assumed the dircetorshii1 of r.ie gendarmerie, professcdlv for admin istrative purposes. This i iis te:' preted as the first sten ti owards tiihe tecrmination of Turkish rule. ]I; is all the more interesting as all the Bosphorus problemis will ibotly come up at the Peace Confer cec. Paris. Jan, 23. The "Journal" proteslts ; j.gi . the action taken by Britain. Con stantinoi:le, it says, is G(,encr-l 1 d'Esperey's hcadquarters, anl At miral Calthorpe's step ipoears ?r o e Ir a questionable c anticipation of events. France seriously objets to I an international regime in Turkey, and the conference should nriot fancy itself confronted by a- fait accom- I pli." The "Echo de Paris" says that, while the Turkish interests of Bri tain and France are identical, the fact remains that Turkey has been regarded as a sort of French colony. London, Jan. 23. The "Morning Post" draws atten tion to the fact that. Germany is sending troops against Poland, des pite England's remonstrances. Ger many insolently expresced surprise that she was requested to refrain from provovation of the Polish in habitants of East Prussia, Silesia, and Posen. She suggested that Bri tain had inadequate imformation, and proceeded to accuse the Poles of at tacking (Aermany. The newspiaper add~.: "If the allies parmit this Ger m.an attack on Poland, they not; only acquiesce in a crime1 but acknow edge that Geormany a not conqua~ ed." The newspaper demands firmer mUeasures. Copenl~.gen, Jan. 23. Tile German Government threatens to oppose any Danish attempt at the military occupation of Schleswig with all the means at its disposal, and cites its preparations against Poland by way of warning to Den mark. Paris, Jan. 23. The German Government request ed the Polish Government to grant! free passage for German troops re turning from the Ukraine, adding I that if Poland declined tile troops I would force their own way through. Poland, in.reply, insisted on the dis armament of the troops, the conces I ion of requisite rolling stock, and Ipermission for the Poles immediately to occupy Vilna. London, Jan. 23. The Australian Press Association learns that of the British forces outside France three divisions are in Italy, but are being reduced by demobilisation. There is also a battalion at Fiume and another In the northern Tyrol. Three divis ions are in the Balkans, including one in the Dobrudja, garrisoning the zone between the Bulgars and the' Rumanians. Another division. is in the vicinity of Constantinople. There is also a battalion in Seutari, and troops have been sent into the Caucasus to keep open the communications with, the Indian troops in Trans-Caspia. The Turks still do not believe in the defe.t of the Central Powers. They say that German submarines' in the Caspian recently drowned; thirty thousand . British troops. They remain truculent and do not seem to realise their defeat. They continue. their old oppressions, ex-I terminating Armenians. Three British divisions are air Alexandria awaiting shipment forl home. Another is at Cairo. Three I divisions are' in Palestine and f Syria, largely Indian, beside four m mounted divisions, of which two are' Australian about to ,be repatriated. We have five infantry divisions and a British cavalry division in Meso potamia. necessary to preserve the civilisation introduced during the war, which is remarkable. It in cludes modern work at Basra, the construction ,of hundreds of miles of rails, and improved irrigation and navigation of the rivers. It is hoped that a considerable portion of the British will be with drawn from Mesopotamia before the hot weather, if ships are available. Other small forces are in Persia, , Siberia, and northern Russia, and 1 seventy thousand are garrisoning India, whereof it is hoped that twenty thousand will be- brought home before the summer. Paris, Jani. 22. Various delegations are busy pre-. pa.,ring memoranda for the peace conference en three subjects, name ly, the responsibility for the war. the responsib:ility for crimes during the .war, and internatiol,,i legislation onja Laibour. Paris, Jan. 22. Mesers. (. N. B:rnc. and G. H. ' ra.tbcris are asýistin_- the peace con f irence in discussing the European fiocl situation. Mr. Barnes,' inter v\ine .d. said that the conference, lwh .n dcaling with the league of na tions, will simultaneously appoint an international Labour commission to Sdevise machinery for handling inter Jnat.iona l Labour problems. Montreal, Jan. 22. Thc United:l Press correspondent in Paris interviewed the members of Lhe America.n commission that is in vesliga.ting conditions in Europe. They say that unless the peace con gre~s exercises foresight in dealing with the prob!emin of emigration .a tCidal wave of restless humanit,- will sweenu the. world, like the Goths in thIe Middle Ages.. The returned sol diers of all nations are tremedlous ly land hungry, and this hunger must be satisfied. The populations of many of the European countriev have increased despite the war, which has prevented emigration; and post-war emigration must be ri?ekoned with. Paris, Jan. 23. An official communique states: "The plenary conference on Saturday will consider international lcaisla ton (n nlabour, the responsibilities and punishment of those connected with war. reparation for war dam age, and the internationalisation of harl)o r?, railways, and wat erways. Paris. Jan. 24. The Powers are in ul argreement on the questions to be submitted to to-morrow's plenary conference. ' Tihey are adopting the general prac tice that the Powers which bore the 'brunt of the fighting should formu late and agree upon any scheine; and thus give the smaller nations the fullest time to debate it in con ference. Therefore it is likely that Mr. Lloyd George will speak very briefly in submitting the League 9f Natibns proposal. Such matters .as the League of Nations and La bour legislation will be subsequently submitted to the neutral nations. The British proposals for the league, as drafted by Lord Robert Cecil, General Smuts, and Lord Philli more have earned the highest com-' mendation from President Wilson. Considerable progress has been made with the question of indein nities. It is understood that Pre sident Wilson has now agreed to the principle apart from the full costs of reparation. " The reparation commission, of which Mr. Hughes is chairman, will deal with the easiest method of payment. Now that the various commissions have been cre ated, the colonial delegates find their time fully occupied. Apart from their duties on certain conm missions, there is much concerning them dealt. with by other co'mmis sions on which they need to be con suited. Paris, Jan. ?.. It is reported that President Wil son has abandoned hi's opposition to the idea of demanding punitive in demnitics from Germany. Paris, Jan. 24. SirsJoseph Ward will attend to morrow's plenary conlerence as tne of the British representatives. Paris, Jan. 24. At Britain's instance the P, cra are discussing disarmament, .omd the abolition of conscription. 't is clear that the enemy must disarm first. It is possible that to-d-y's meeting of the Supreme War Coun cil will deal with the subject. The Powers are anxious to complete the actual peace treaty at the earliest date in order to effect demobilisa, tion, and without waiting for thu settlement of the questions rof the League of Nations and the Russian situation. With reference to the Kaiser's punishment the American view is less emphatic than to the allies. A section of the Americans take the vieiv that the Kaiser's punishment after a trial will be less than if he remains in exile unpun ished; and that further his punish ment in full would not remove the fundamental causes of war. The Americans are in favour of securing the greatest indemnities possible, but prefer its distribution among the nations rather than its appor tionment to meet individual losses. Paris. Jan. 24. The Supreme Council ha~s decided to appoint a committee to inquire into the strength of'the forces neces sary to be maintained on the west ern front during the period of the armistice. The allies have agreed to establish a general wireless sys tem throughout the world. They have also decided that any parties using armed force to w?? rr ' r whose possession is subject to the peace 'conference's decision will gravely prejudice their claims. Paris, Jan. 22. The "Petit Parisien" says: -"M. Scavenius, in his statement to the conference, favoured immediate, energetic intervention in Russa. He said that the peasants in several provinces, trying to resist tyranny, were shot by hundreds, by the Red Guards. Committees formed in the towns, allegedly for the purpose of quelling the counter revolution, con tinued to hunt down the bourgeois. Few intellectuals escaped imprison ment or the revolutionary tribunals. The remaining bourgeois and intel lectuals were forced to subsist on starvation rations, whereas the Bol shevik partisans were allowed ample food. It is understood that M. Scavenius greatly impressed the con ference. Paris, Jan. 24. The American delegates are cons fident that President Wilson's plan of a meeting between allied and Russian delegates at the Sea of Marmora is the wisest course. It will probably lead to the retrieving of the enormous debt due to the allies. Prince Lvoff, on the other hand, regards the recognition of Bolshevism as disastrous. M. Sa zanoff declares that the Omsk, Arch angel, and Ekatcrinder Governments wil never confer with the Bolshe viks. The best informed opinion in Paris is satisfied that the Bolshevist part~y is growing stronger and draw ng a many of the moderates, with the probability of the evolution of something like stable government. Princes Island was chosen as the place of meeting because it affords good accommodation, being a main holiday resort for wealthy Turks. Poland will be represented on the delegation. The Poles have also re oeived the assurance of full allied support in the event of a Bolshevik #ttack on Poland. S Paris, Jan. 23. Prince Lvoff declares that the aR yitation to the Bolsheviks is a fatal step. Patriotic Russians will refuse to meet the men who betrayed Rus sia. The Bolsheviks have in Paris won their greatest victory. Pa-tr' tic Russians are pained to find the allies so soon forgetful of Russia's efforts in the first two years of the discussed its future action. Washington, Jan. 24. In the Senate to-day Senator Sherman attacked President Wil son's food and relief scheme; espe cially as far as it concerned Russia. He alleged that it was merely in tended to help the Russian Bolshe vists. Every anarchist throughout the world would rejoice, because the peace conference had recognised a set of criminals worse than the Ger mans. London, Jan. 23.. Diplomatic correspondents declare that practically no other course was open to the peace conference than to support President Wilson's view chat the Bolsheviks should be con sulted on the conditions of Russia. Their allowing the nationalisation of women and other features of the Bol ahevik rule point to organised de pravity. Princes Island was chosen with the view of preventing the Bol sheviks from coming westward and so gaining an opportunity for their propaganda. London, Jan. 22. The Paris correspondent of the Central News Agency says that the. representatives of the British domin ions and the smaller nations have be come rather impatient on learning \hat the league of nations is the.next cig subject to be considered. Mr. Hughes declares that Australia is not enthusiastic about the league. He considers it Utopian, and not vet a question of practical politics. Aus tralia -wants first a just peace, and the league can be built on that after wards. Mr. Hughes' added: "While human nature remains what it is, and national interests are divergent as now, it is practically impossible to prevent wars. Mean while, we could begin to eradicate wars by the international regulation ri. economic, industrial, and social questions." Mr. Hughes is surprised to learn that Japan was offended at his .statements regarding the ex-German Pacifib islands. He merely stated what Australia wished, and regard ed as her right. London: Jan. 22. Tlhe "Evening Staindard" corres pondent in Paris says :-"It is. in correct to suppose that President Wilson wants the German colonies restored; he believes that their neighbours should decide the ques tion." Paris, Jan. 24. During yesterday's session of the conference Mr. Hughes and Mr. Massey attended and explained the demands of the dominions regarding the ex-German colonies ; and to-day all the colonial Premiers explained more in detail the interests of the dominions in territorial adjustments sud the ex-German colonfes. London, Jan. 22. \- The stream of Australians com ing into England is now pretty con stant. It is estimated to take a week for a soldier leaving Belgium to travel to England and embark there for Australia. Batches of one thousand from each division are already en route for England. Men remaining with units in the filid protested againist the men bn leave being granted preference of repatriation. They found that many of their comrades,. after departing -n.fourteen days' leave, did not re tarn ,to their battalions. The au Miorities are therefore abandoning bxeursion leave, whereby a propor tion of the men, on the conclusion of their leave in England, were en abled. to :state their claims to early -elpatriation. It was discovered that many bogus claims were put in, the men only wishing to secure a few extra days' leave. It ::has been decided that men possessin$ no special claims, which are oonsidered witahout delay, must take their place in the repatriation queue from their own units, and thus the scheme operates fairly throughout. Every available berth for Australia is' utilised, small par ties of men being . placed aboard mail steamers at the last moment where the accommodation has not been filled. London. Jan. 22. The White Star liner Ceramic sailed to-day for Sydney with a full. complement of Australians home ward bound. Paris, Jan. 23.. all the German Lloyd steamers dur ing the armistice for-the repatria tion of her troops, and that Bri tain secures a number of German passenger steamers to convey Aus London, Jan. 22. Mr.. Andrew Fisher and Sir Tho mas Mackenzie to-day interviewed the Postmaster-General. Sir Percy Illingworth, and pointed out the urgency of restoring the so-called Imperial cable across the Atlantic, which was interrupted some months ago. It was necessary to facilitate the speedier despatch for Austra lian and New Zealand soldiers of deferred messages securing remit tances. The delay on the Pacific route was almost entirely due to the Atlantic congestion. The Im perial cable belonged to Germany, and a British cruiser cut it near Fayal in the Azores within four hours of the declaration of war. Later the cable was mended and connected with Nova Scotia and the British Isles. France took over the other German Atlantic cable, but Ithus far had not attempted to use it. Business men in Franep and England demand that the two cables shall be retained permanent ly, eliminating German control of Atlantic ~cables. The matter will be referred to the Peace Conference. New York, Jan. 21. The "New York Herald" says: "Critics of the British fleet have been lately over fond of saying that Britain's fleet won by sheer strength. The truth is that Ad° miral Beatty's triumxh - was due, not only to numerical strength, but to the svrterior valour of the British personnel. In the race of suprem acy the British builders surpassed their German rivals. Ton for ton the British vessels were better fight ing ships. This was accepted by the Germans, who after the Jutland battle did not dare to come out and accept battle." London, .Jan. 23. The inter-department:.l committee on prisoners of. war announces that the German authorities assur ed the Netherlands Ministers in Ber lin that no secret prisoner camps now or ever existed. The Nether lands Minister states that there is no evidence of their existence. Search parties are still in Germany seeking for prisoners whose where about.s has not been disclosed. London, Jan. 22. The "Daily Chronicle" announces that the War Office is preparing a scheme for the improvement of the pay, food, upkeep, and clothing of the regular army. The War Office, in a communique, points out that, al though a prompt settlement of these matters, is possible, newspaper statements will only foster extrava gant expectation among the troops. Important decisions of policy are ne cessary in connection with the army during the occupation of Germany. London, Jan. 1.7 Distinguished Conduct Medals have been awarded to 34 Australians land 18 New Zealanders. London, Jan. 22. Meritorious Service Medals have been awarded to 310 Australians and 164 New Zealanders.: SParis, Jan. 22. The "Matin" enthusiastically ap proves of the proposed memorial to the French dead. It will be a treat palace, containing a museum, a library, portraits of 1,040,000 dead, and the busts of the generals. Stain ed glass windows and frescoes on the walls will depict scenes from the famous liattles of the Marne, Ver dun, the Somme, and the Yser. Paris, Jan. 21. The ntumber of totally blinded nien among the allied forces during Ithe war has been calculated at 7000; and those who have lost one eye amount to between 30 and 40 thou sand. London, Jan. 21. iThe Controller-General of De mobilisation and Resettlement an nounces, concerning the engineers' strike in the Clement-Talbot h a tional Aero Factory in London, that the recent agreement between the employers and the Amalgamated Society of Engineers means that the employees were expeeted to wot k forty-seven hours a week with one break for dinner, for which they re ceived fifty-two hours pay. This agreement disallowed short breaks for lunch and tea. It also orovided for arbitration in any disputes con cerning the agreement. But the employees struck the first Jay after the agreement began, and remain on strike. Th'e Controller-Genera! states that efforts are naw being imade to attribute the dispute to the dismissal of certain workers, but I that question was not eriginally raised by the strikers. London, Jan. 22. The engineers in London held a prolonged meeting to-day with the view of planning a nationial strike if the employers refused the ::en's terms. The secretary of the Amal gamated Society declares that the arrangement for a forty-seven hour week was. only temporary with the view of enabling a settlement v ith the men on a national basis. If It: men decide to take strong actioni it will probably culminate in :t de mand for a forty-four hours week. London, Jan. 22. The dispute in the north ship yards over a forty-seven hours week is holding up the repairs 'of many ships. London, Jan. 22. The Ministry of Labour, after considering the engineers and ship builders' dispute, opined that the Employers' Federation and the trade unions which drew up the agreement ought to settle any point arising therefrom. A meeting of these parties began in London to day, and will .continue to-morrow. SParis,- Jan. 20. An official bulletin states that the Government's Judicil Committee has investigated the Kaiser's re sponsibility for the war and the conduct thereof. It advises the Government that the Kaiser, under the German Constitution, is wholly responsible, because he is the Su preme War Lord, and has absolute power over the axrmy and the navy. Moreover not only is he legally re sponsible for the crimes and out rages in Belgium and France, but he personally endorsed them in let ters to the Emperor Francis Joseph early in the war, wherein he de-. elared, "If necessary, everybody and everything must be put. to the fire and sword. People must be slain regardless of sex or age. Thus will the war be ended in a few months. Humane considerations will only prolong the war." The committee opine that an interna tional tribunal should try the Kaiser, and should be the first organism of the League of Nations. New York, Jan. 20. Mr. James Gerard, ex-Ambassa dor, said in a speech here that the fittest punislunent for the Kaiser would not be death, but he should be escorted about the world for ex hibition to all people. The Hague, Jan. 20. The "Post" says that moneys be longing to the German and Austrian. Emperors and deposited in Dutch banks in 1914,. aggregate . thirty I millions sterling. The paper adds, "This is the reason why Holland was not invaded." .London, Jan. 20. New Zealanders on furlough from Cologne declare that the general air J of prosperity in Cologne confirms the soldiers' conviction that Ger many was beaten in the field. All the big restaurants are open, the orchestras are equal to anything heard in London, food is plentiful and cheap. The New Zealanders find the Germans deeply respectful; they rise and give the soldiers their seats. London, Jan. 20. It is recognised that at least a million British troops. must be re tained until the terms of peace are signed and made safe. Montreal, Jan. 21. The Berlin correspondent of the "Chicago Daily News" says that the official gazette of the German Colonial Office says President Wil son made it clear that the peace conference would equitably and justly solve the colonial ques tion. The German Government feels that the Entente's -retention, of the German colonies would be neither fair nor -just.. It would be evidence of the Entente's intention to suppress the German nation." The correspondent interviewed Meyer Gerhard, who was formerly a member of the German Colonial Office. He said, "It is possible that Germany would agree that an international commisson dhould govern the colonies for a period of ten or twenty years, with the un derstanding that when a stirong republican government had been built up in Germany, she should again -assume control' of the colonies." Copenhagen, Jan. 15. Berlin messages assert that, the Bolshevist reign in Germany has ended everywhere, and practically all the leaders in Berlin, Hamburg, and Dresden, have been arrested. The Bavarian National Assembly election resulted as follows: Centre party, four seats; Govern-. ment Socialists, 50; Democrats, 22; National Liberals, seven; Peasants' party, 18; Independent Socialists, who eare ]isner's followers, four. London, Jan. 21. The "Daily Telegraph" correspon ident in Berlin, telegraphing on Sun day evening, says:--'"Polling for the 1 National Assembly election proceed- i ed to-day without trouble. There is feverish excitement in political circles. It is difficult to forecast the 1 result, but I am inclined to believe that the Liberals and Majority So-] cialists will carryn the day, ossibl only by a small majority. The p l- I ing boothe-were generally establish ed in publio houses and cinema palaces. Polling began at nine c o'clock in the morning, when queues ' rere already waiting, These were C pnainly composed of women! the l male element put in an appearance ]i later. Armed soldiers were posted a at every booth, and machine-guns | and field guns were plaed at strate fo pints, w~here dsturbances were Otf mstercaam, Jaq - , Osbt o 1,400,000 electors in Bet lin 1,200,000 voted. A picturesque e incident was the procession of the SSisters from the Roman Catholic Lyceum marching to register their , votes. The Spartacus partisans in Hamburg burned a number of ba! lot boxes; they stole-the boeis '-. r Dinstaken; and they attempted to prevent the . voting at Kattowitz. A IGrman wireless message says that the Sparticists were also active -in the Rheinland, and in Hamburg, -and other ports, where they fre S'quently stopped the elections. A \- sharp conflict took place in Ham Sburg with the police, in motor cars \- amed with machine-guns, and it is r reported that several were killed and wounded. Geneva, Jan. 20. Professor Philippe Jeannert, a Swiss, has arrived here to-day. He travelled from Kazan to Moscow with several- Bolsheyik staff officers, mainly Letts. He expressed sur prise at seeing trains full of sol diems, guns, aeroplanes, and am munition. The officers replied -that the Bolshevik Government had great plans of revolutionary con quest. It was raising an immense army to carry out those plans. They added : "Wa e have a million men to-day, double our strength of six months ago. The Hungarians will soon join us, for Hungary is ripe for a proletarian revolution. Then the red flag will be carried into Aus tria. Soon we shall cross the Ger man frontier. The greater part -of Germany, certainly Prussia, will rally to Bolshevism, in order to escape-the coming peace terms. We I shall thin have millions of trained German soldiers at our disposal, and shall have no difliculty in or ganising an army of five million men wherewith to overwhelm west ern Europe.- We have plenty of money. We are confident that weI can realise our aims, owing to the disorganisation and confusion pre vailing in Europe." Professor -Jeannert admits that the officers were boasting and in tended to impress him, but the mili tary preparations he witnessed bore out many of their statements. Professor Jeannert opines that the allies should occupy Livonia if they wish to strike a mortal blow at I Bolshevism, for most of their strength is drawn therefrom. The Letts, hlie says, practised - horrible cruelties in Kazan, including the imprisonment of 250 men, women, and children in a cellar, where they were left to -starve. - New Fork, Jan. -1.9. SA telegram from Lausanne states that several German and Russian Bolsheviks with passports for Paris were arrested ha.--.-- they plotted the deaths of M. Clemenceau, Pre sident Wilson, and Mr. Lloyd George. Berne, Jan. 21. The Russian Bolsheviks have noti fied Switzerland that they will ar rest and shoot thirty Swiss resi-, -dents in Russia. unless the Bolshe viks arrested in Switzerland for encouraging revolutionary move ments are released. -= .Berne, Jan. 20. The German military command states ;that the: Bolsheviks. in the Baltic provinces are advancing west wards. They have captured Pope jany,' Shavli, Mitau, Tukkum, and Goldingen. London. Jan. 21. An official communique from Esthonia says that the Bolshevik advance towards the Narva con tinues. The.Bolsheviks retreated in 1 disorder aftte all day fighting on I Fiiday, but they made further pro gross on Saturday, when five hun dred prisoners were taken. London, Jan. 21. The muddle of the International Labour Socialist conference in r Berne increases. America will not I be represented; Britain, France and 4 Belgium will only be partially re presented, and many Swiss Social-% lats, foreseeing the possibility that I the conference will be flooded by Bolshevike, refuse to participate. 1 Mr. Arthur Henderson, however, announces that the conference will t meet on the 27th inst. London, Jan. 23. r The "Mdrning Post" correspon- I dent in Stockholm telegrapha :- "In consequence of the Bolshevikl defeat in the Baltic "'provincesl 1'rotsky 9rdered the evacuation otv Petrograd without -resistance, an d after that the whole Bolshevik army It deserted." " c London, Jan. 1'. The Americj Labour delegation I onferred to-day with the Trade ' alon Congresa Committee, and t lIscusse4 Mr, Gompers' proposal for an inter-allied and netural con ference instead of an international Socialist conference. The meeting was adjourned. It is understood that the British favour a prelimin ary inter-allied conference, and do not support the American delega tion's objections to the international Socialist conference. Berne, Jan. 21, Mr. Arthur Henderson, mterview ed, said tha he was unable to understand Mr. Gompers' change of front. He was one of four membersf appointed by a past inter-allied con ference to organise a. Labour So cialist conference, tb sit concurrent ly with the Peace Congress. It was this mandate which the conveners of the Berne conference were carrying out. Mr. Gompers' objection to meeting with Bolsheviks did not arise, for neither Russian Bolsheviks nor German Spartacusists would be represented. New York, Jan. 20. Despatches from Ardhangel say that the Siberian Army has cap tured Laping, and is nearing' its junction with the Archangel Gov ernment troops. London Jan. 20.' The "Daily Chronicle' diplomatic correspondent says :--"The inter dependence of Poland and Esthonia and other constituent parts of the old Russian Empire inspires the be lief that the only real remedy for the present anarchy is federation. Such a solution will probably re ceive sympathetic consideration from * the Peace Conference in Paris. .M. Moulens, wno was re cently French Ambassador, -gave evidence to the conference on Mon day, and the Danish Minister from Petrograd will do so to-morrow. M.. Sazonoff has joinee M. Makaloff and Baron Korff in Paris, and their 'association will be something like a nIational advisory committee when others have arrived. 'The construction of IM. Pader ewski's Coalition Cabiniet greatly clears the Polish situation. It is hoped that the reconciliation be tween Paderewski and General Pilusudski will last until a Polish Constituent Assembly meets and appoints regular Polish delegates, who will greatly help the confer ence." Washington, Jan. 20. F The Czecho-Slovak National Coun cil announces that the Czecht Slovaks will demand the control of Bohemia, Moravia, and Silesia at the Peace Conference. London. Jan. 20. A "Gazette" just published con tains a despatch from General Milner describing the important part the British played in the offen sive last September against the Bulgarians between Lake Doiran and the Vardar. The British. fought several sanguinary battles in 18 months, sufferming and inflicting severe losses in assaults on the do ' iminating and elaborately fortified -eights -of Prage and the Grandc Couronne. These battles served i their object, which was to pin. the Bulgarian reservists down so that they were.. unable to oppose the j great Frauco-Serbian attack which burst through. and, led to the utter defeat of the enerAy:; The despatch incidentally mentions that when. the news of the armistice with Turkey was received, eneral Milner was actually on the river Maritza ready to occupy Adrianople, while the First Hellenic Corps was echeloned between Kavalla and Drama ready to participate in a general advance Cape Town,. Jan. 22. Now that the war is over, the pro longation of the East African cam paign is becoming a subject of in creasing criticism. A strong ar ticle in the "Cape Times" by Mr. Owen Letcher, a well-known au thority on Central Africa, demands the appointmeit of a commission of enquiry. It asserts that the total strength of the enemy at the time of General - Northey's departure scarcely outnumbered the motor cars possessed by our mechanical transport. We had an o-erwhelm ing superiority in numbers, besides an organisation extending from Cape Town to Nairobi, and also two 1 main headquarters at Dar-es-Salaam and Zomba, which employed a much I larger number of officers than the whole of von Lettow's European force. It is commonly understood that the East African campaign cost much more than the Boer war. Only a strong committee of un biased men can give .a satisfactory 1 answer to 'the question: Why was he campaign not finished months agot Banquets and s~peeches, and congratulatory telegrams must nod ' be allowed to obscure the issue. London, Jan. 20. The "Morning Post," discussing the Paris Peace Conference and the League of Nations says: -"No one thus far has produced a workable tcheme. M. Leon Bourgeois is kown to have aq elaborate plan but the Boulevardiers poke fun aL It, saying, 'It's too big ; he can't get it out of his pocket. It is note, worthy tjat, though President Wil I son is the author of the idea, no American plan except a vague out line has thus far been presented to the conference. No Frenchman in any responsible position believes in the league. Many say they do so, but directly they elaborate their notion it is-.found that the French ides differs from the American as chalk from cheese. "The logical mlind of the French. men refuse to believe that the idea will give them'any protection. They fear that France may be sacrificed on the altar of impossible and im practicable ideas. The French idea is an alliance of the allies against Germany. They can realise no idea of a league which will enable France to dispense with her stand ing army, though this is the basis of the American scheme. "Britain's idea of tile league is an elaboration of the old concert of Europe. It will certainly be ne cessary to put many ' railways, straits, ports, and even countries under international control. The "Morning Post" considers that pro bably along modest lines of inter national co- operation lies the best chance of testing the workability of a League of Nations. London, Jan. 20. The Paris correspondent of the Exchange Telegraph Agency says : "President Wilson has completes his draft scheme for a league of nations. It is based on a study of the ideas of the various allies, embodying important French and British features, and also some sug gested ideas in a recent pamphlet.; The general result is rather a com bination of other people's ideas than exclusively President Wilson's. It is understood that under President Wilson's scheme the present allies will form the nucleus of the league. to which every free nation shall have access. It provides for com pulsory arbitration for disputes. President Wilson shows how the development of the new world spirit lwill prevent future war with Ger many and Russia. He considers the. peace settlement useless if it leaves half Europe aflame ; and in that it is understood that Mr. Lloyd George outspokeulv agrees with - Presildent 'Wilson. Vancouver. Jan. 2E. Mr. Massey and Sir Josieph Ward have protested to the peace confer ence against the decisihn that, grants only - one delegate t.o Now Zealand. New York, Jan. 18. Marshal Foch, interviewed by AAmerican correspondents, said that the Rhine must be the barrier that will prote:t the allies and civilisa tion from Germany. New York, Jan. 17. The "New York World" corre spondent in Berlin, interviewed Herr Ebert who said :-"The last few weeks have been most trying. Germany's greatest fear was that the armistice would not be renewed, I thus endangering the conclusion of peace. We r'esorted to force only when the Spartacus party did. Our hands are now free to take up the work of restoration. For days I and days no coal and no food have reached Berlin. Our communica tions must be restored. The Nation al Assembly elections will be held on Sunday. By the collapse of the * Spartacus party fair balloting is assured. Because of events in I eastern Germany we must face a liar fight against our former enemies and the strong elements of Spartacutý. It is c.ur intentio!. tvi fight. The conditions in the east which the Poles are attempting to create, if they are successful, wvou!d prejudice the conditions af fecting the final peace." , London, Jan. 21. The Spartacus party on Sunday stopped the National Assembly elections in several of the ports and the Rhineland towns. Armed conflicts with police in Hamburg resulted in several casualties. Copenhagen, Jan. 20. It is estimated that 90 per cent., of the electorate of Berlin voted yes terday. The soldiers and the women were particularly eager, and are not doubtful of victory, There were few I disturbances, but the Spartacus par- I tisaAs made numerous efforts to de stroy the ballot boxes. Owing to the enormous number of votes the result cannot be known before Tuesday. Zurich, Jan. 20. Four Bolsheviks leaders in Span dau were captured on Friday right. They attempted to escape v'0ile go ing through the forest to urison, and the guards shot thl four dead Montreal, Jan. 20. The United Press correspondent in Berlin had an interview with Herr Ebert, who said: "I will only sign a peace treaty based on Presi dent Wilson's points. Germany will not agree to any allied demands other than those based on the Four teen Points. Germany was not alone responsible for the war. The Spar ticides have been suppressed, but they may re-arise, unless Germany has plenty of food." Washington, Jan. 17. According to the terms of inter national control on the trans-Siber ian and the Chinese eastern rail ways, submitted to the United States by the Japanese Ambassador Marquis Ishii, the control will end when the allies are able to recog nise that a Russian Gove'rnment has been established. Despatches from Omsk say that Admiral Kolchak has proclaimed ga.tional elections fosr a constituent assembly as early as possible. The despatches add that Omsk is receiv ing daily wireless communications from Lyons, and will soon be able to send out wireless messages throughout the world. New York, Jan. 18. Despatches from Omsk say that General Janin has been given the supreme command of the allied troops on the Serbian front. London, Jan. 20. A Russian wireless message says that the Russian Bolsheviks are im posing a levy on the propertied classes and the bourgeoisie, and also a revolutionary tax of ten milliards. ftominally representing a thousand million sterling. They declare that the taxation is necessary to enable thle Government to exert all its strength in defence of Russia and the universal revolution. Paris, Jan. 20. A proposal will be submitted to the Peace Conference to federate all the Arab States between the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf, inder the protection of the United States. Amsterdam, Jan. 20. M. Padorewski's appointment as Premier of Poland ihas o'( a.ioned an extraordinary outbursi c;f popu lar. enthusiasm. Paderlcwski:: I,'o gramme embraces progressive men jures, social and indu~tri.. a'?-i franchiise reforn. - Stockolm," J-:an. ·. General Njalmarson, head of the Sv:wedish military mission, ha3 re.i turned from Esthonia. He says that the Finnish volunteers practically '_vwd Esthonia, The Bolshevike re- I I cently held half the province, but now they had only one-sixth. The Bolsheviks committed unspeakable atrocities. Paris, Jan. 18. The first session of the peace con ference was opened to-day by Pre sident Poincare in the balun de 1'Horlogo in the Foreign Office on the Quai d'Orsay. At the head of the table the American delegates were grouped to President Poin care's right, and the English dele gates to his left. The other dele gations sat at tables disposed at right angles from the President's seat. Mr. Hughes and Sir Joseph Cook sat opposije the Japanese de legation. In an anti-chamber running paral lel with the Salon the journalists, Sncluding three Australians, were allotted positions. Through the archways connecting the apartments a full view of the proceedings was obtained. The delegates were mostly attired in conventional garb, but the King of Ilei. i's a sprcser: E tatives, with their unique head dress, added a touch of the *pic turesque to the scene. The cere monial was of the simplest charac ter. As President Poincaire en- I tered the delegates rose, and re-i mained standing while the President delivered his address. He said he was glad to welcome them to the city which for four years had been the enemy's principal objective. (The above cable message has been delayed in transmission. The rest of President Poincare's opening speech was published in our issue of Tuesday, the 21st.) Washington,.. Jan. 18. The ex-President, Mr. W. H. Taft,1 speaking t6-day in Washington,' said that the German colonies must not be given to Britain or any j other Power; they must be inter nationalised and placed under the control of the league of nations. Germany had forfeited her' title to] the colonies by her mal-treatment of them. If the German colonies were given to Britain or France, suspicion might arise that they were being exploited for self-in terests. Constantinople must be in ternationalised and administered by the league, The Dardanelles, the Sea of Marmora, and the Bosphor ous must be placed under the guar dianship of some government repre senting the allies. The American Monroe doctrine of the sovereignty I of all nations would be strength ened by the league. The projected new republics of the Ukraine, the Baltic Provinces, Finland, Poland and the Czecho-Slovaks must be protected by the league. These new republics will hem Germany in, and prevent her from expanding towards Russia and the Near East. Tokio, Jan. 2o. The Japanese press is displaying little interest in the peace confer ence. They take it for granted that Germany's colonies will never be re turned. Popular interest here cen tres in the question of racial dis crimination whereby the Japanese are excluded from America and Aus tralia.. The newispapers urge their delegates to insist on the removal of the race bar as a fundamental condition for the league of nations. Paris, Jan. 20. There was no formal meeting to day of allied Premiers and Foreign Ministers, and President Wilson had a conference on the Russian situa tion. The Council of the Russian National and Democratic parties in a note to M. Pichon approve of thie exclusion of Lenin and Trotsky and their representatives from the con foerence, declaring that any oom promise with Bolshevism would be a capitulation to a worse scourge than German militarism. The French jurihts have present ed to the delegates their report on the Kaiser's culpability. It pleads for the Kaiser's extradition, and condemns him to punishment. It adds: "Modern law does not re cognise that the head of hierarchies are irresponsible. The Kaiser should be judged by an inter national court forming the princi pal department of the league of nations." Vancouver, Jan. 17. Interviewed to-day by the Unitcd Press correspondent in Paris, ri. Hughes said :.-"Australia wants the i German Pacific islands, and full in-', demnities. She opposes the ad imnssion of Russia to the 1)PaceO .::·n. fercnce, and favours the military support of Po!and. She does uot want. promiscuous immigration. She favours a league of nations, but ] demands the right to make what ever oeconomic arrangements she pleases,. he opposes main int~emme. . tation of the freedom of the seas i that will limit Britain's suprem lacy." Continuing, Mr. Hughes said: "Australia feels that she stands politically where America stood at the end of the revolution. She has w'on a worthy name. on the fields of France, and deserves recognition as an autonomous nation. Her fighting record surpasses that of any other nation. She wants self determination. She opposes the idea of another Power controlling the Pacific islands. Germany must pay indemnities to the utmost of her ability, Australia sharing propor tionately to the part she played in the war. President Wilson's four teen points do not include indemni ties, but I believe that indemnities are nevertheless just. I"A league of nations is desirable, but it must not impair any nation's right ' of self-government, and though a valuable instrument to the world's peace it must keep its pow der .dry. Australia has a splendid system of military training, and that explains partly our record in France. I do not think that ,the league will abolish our system. I do not know the precise meaning of the freedom of the seas, but we \- must depend on England to protect Australia's coast line, and therefore we oppose any limitation of Eng land's supremacy." SINew York, Jan. I9. Interviewed by the "New York i Times" correspondent in Paris,-Mr. Hughes said :-"The Japanese are a great people, but our ideals and theirs differ fundamentally. We Sdo not wish Japanese expansion in our direction. We have a very small population compared to Japan. Neither our interests nor our aspirations are identical with theirs. Each of us in our different spheres can safeguard the future Swhile maintaining relations of per fect harmony with one another." With reference to the naval situa tion. Mr. Hughes said that full pro tection by the British fleet was necessary for Australia's safety. He did not fear that any difference would arise regarding the British and American interpretation of the freedom of the seas. New York, Jan. 20. The United Press correspondent in Paris says :-"It is understood that the American peace delegation will ask for the incorporation in the peace treaty of vital labour principles, namely, an internation al child labour. law; the protection of women workers; uniform work ing . conditions, including fixed hours of labour. The American plan of the league of nations embodies many features of General Smuts' and Sir Robert Cecil's plans. It is understood that Germany and Russia will be allow ed to join only on the stabilizing of their government." Paris, Jan. 20. The conference of allied Minis ters has received a statement from M. Noulens, the French Ambassa dor to Russia, cpnoerning the situa tion. M. Scavenius was formerly inclined to the view that the Bole hevist policy war not dangerous, but events have latterly changed his view. It may be assured that his evidence will carry considerable weight. It will be the most recent which the' conference is able to ob tain on the Russian situation. L- ndon, Jan. 21. The Peace Conference has greatly pl?ogrnassed twa.rds an agreement on the Russian question, and con crete proplosals are expected on Wednesday. Paris, Jan. 21. Although the press has asserted the princlple of 'an open conference, yet in practice the conference is largely secret. It has already con stituted a committee of the Great Powers which will sit in open con ference with the full delegations at certain intervals. The conference will not meet again before Thurs day. Meanwnile the Great Powers continue to wrestle with the Rus sian problem. A special committee will be appointed to investigate in tcrnartional1 labour conditions, with the view of securing a basis of uni formity in all countries with regard to the employment and treatment of 'workmen. Surplus food is iow available, and it is expec4ed that every country will receivce supplis within a month. PAris. Jan. 1. Ii is understood thait thle British Dominions are asking for admission to the League of Nations with the status of'individual nations, whose -overeifgns .r. admittdd. T?he right o of Britain to control their foreigr affairs is not contested. Paris, Jan. 21. The Allied Supreme Council for Supply and Relief has approved of the appointment of inter-allied com missions in Trieste for countries ac cessible to the Adriatic, and in Bukarest, Constantinople, and Poland. The council has requested Mars]apl och to take steiss under the armistice to secure the transport through Dantzig of foodstuffs for Poland. Measures are also being taken for provisioning Finland and ensuring that Germany observes her obligations to feed Russian war pri soners still in Germany. London, Jan. 18. Mr. J. R. Clynes, Labour M.P speaking to-day at Oldham, warned the Government of the gravity of breaking its pledges to send a La bour representative to the Peace Conference. This breach of the Prime Minister's pledge at the mo ment of grave Labour unrest and I suspicion would increase the peo I pie's suspicions and breed Bolshev i ism faster than it could be destroy i ed. London, Jan. 19. Mr. Samuel Gompers, accompanied by four other American Labour de legates, has arrived here. They in tend to have a conference with Bri tish and French Labour leaders for the purpose of founding a new in ternational trades union organisa tion, which will influence "the peace terms towards improving the stan dards of life for the workers of all I countries. h London, Jan. 18. SThe news of the decision that the war is over for the 'Australians and New Zealanders whatever may oc cur, has been received with the ut most satisfaction. The Australian corps is still stationed in the Charleroi and Dinant districts. Mostly they are comfortably billeted in towns and villages. Even the Sprivates have the luxury of a bed after the strenuous campaigning and constant movement. The soldiers find the people extremely hospitable, and contrast other various places with France and Belgium, where the tendency is to exploit the. sol diers. The Belgian people, just re leased from the Hun invasion, greet ed the Australians with the great est cordiality. Frequently would be seen an Australian taking a Belgian family, father, mother and children, to a local military cinema show. The New Zealand Division re mains in the neighbourhood of Cologne. The Maori Battalion has been re-assembled at Dunkirk, with a view of their repatriation in a body. It is likely that the New Zealand ers will shortly move coastward near Havre, with the view of facili tating demobilisation. The French railways are congesting, but through trains,composed of ambulance cars, now converted into sleepers, are running from Germany to the coast with the view of bringing out all Ithe remaining 1915 Australians, numbering twelve thousand. It has been arranged that one thousand will cross the Channel from Havre to Weymouth every three days being replaced by the latest reinorcements. It has been decided that all Australians will em bark homewards from English ports. A total of 13,500 departed in December in fifteen steamers. Eight steamers sailed in January, carrying 6500. The total shipped is over twenty thousand. Probably the departures average five hundred daily. An official circular to the troops explains that three factors govern repatriation. The first is length of service, the second whether mar ried or single, the third whether he has employment waiting in Aus tralia. There are seventy thousand Australians who enlisted in 1916, thirty thousand who enlisted in 1917, and fifteen thousand who en listed in 1918. Special cases are being considered on sense lines. Many whose affairs justify their early return asu being included in boats shortly sailing. The scheme of general demobilisation will soon be in full swing, each division sending Iaway one thousand men every 10 or 12 days. Some dissatisfaction exists among nurses and doctors regarding re patriation, but this will be smoothed ut when a!! concerned 1thoroughily understand the scheme. The great Australian hospitals at Boulogne, Abbeville, and Rouen, and the New Zealand hospitals at Brockenhurst and Walton-on-Thames will bhortly. 5?*' Amsterdam, Jan. 17. There is extreme nervousness in Berlin. It is felt that the death of Dr. Liebknecht and Rosa Luxem. burg will cause reprisals. Most. people fear ga further outbreak of violence. There is the same ten sion as prior to the Bolshevik ris ing, but the .Government is- fidly prepared: The whole of Berlin is in military occupation. Searches for arms continue, and the police and military are empowered to. -search people in the streets with out question. Crowds in -the streets. are absolutely forbidden. Amsterdam, Jan. 17. Fighting cbontinued in Berlin on Wednesday evening around " the Reichstag building. Grenades were freely used.. Houses are being searched for arms and ammunition -London, Jan. 18. The' "Morning Post" special cor respondent in Berlin cables: "Though the Spartacus rebellion has been crushed, the whole of Ger many is now in the throes of a big recruiting campaign. Berlin is pla carded with appeals to officers, gun ners, and infantry to join particu lar units, with special pay. and privi leges. "Apparently the Government con template operations on a consider able scale in the eastern provinces, especially against the Poles. '!Pan-Germanism has uprisen again, .and the. officers iave again become the joy .and glory of .the public." London, Jan. 18. The Berlin correspiondent of the "Daily Express" says that troops are pouring in from the western front to secure the freedom of Sun day's elections. Amsterdam, Jan. 17. A .telegram from Berlin states:- "Dr. Liebknecht was shot on Wed nesday evening while attempting tb escape from a Government escort which had just. arrested him at Wilhelmsdorf, a suburb of Berlin. A huge and excited crowd collected; The captors hustled Lieblknechs into a motor-car, which broke down going to Mieabit prison, . where the officers in command of the escort'i had determined to take him pend; jug the Government's decision. The] officers asked Liebknecht if he wanted another car or. preferred to walk. . Diebknecht replied, 'I will walk.'. A few moments later .he made' a dash for freedom, and did not heed the call to stop,- though the escort raised- their rifles.' He was brought down at a few yards' range. Death was instantaneous." Copenhagen, Jan. 17. After their arrest Dr. Lieblknecht and Rosa Luxemburg were taken to the Hotel Aden, the .headquar ters of the Guards' Cavalry Divis ion. Dr. Liecknecht first denied his idetityv, but he was searchca and his, identity established.' Then he was taken in an automobile. The crowd outside was so infuriat ed that they .seized Liebknecht and soundly thrashed him. As the crowd increased they forced an entry into the lbhotel. The ,uai'ds attempted tio remove Rob'b Luxemburg, but thei crowd th~iyw teliemelves upon - her aitil beat her till she was: in an unconscious con dition. She was then placed in auT autorriobile and driven away. The car, however, was stopped.. Men jumped into the car and slhot her in the head. The mob took pos .,session of the body, and its where abouts is unknown. Meanwhile IDr. Liebknecht was being taken off in another car, but the tyre was punctured. He at temptecd to-escape, and waas killed as cabled. Copenhagen, Jan. 18. Independent Socialists in Berlin assert that eye- witnesses declare that Dr. Liebknecht did not attempt to escape, but was murdered by his escort. All-workers are exhorted to strike immediately. London, Jan. 18. Berlin newspapers condemn- the murder of Rosa Luxemburg. They point out th.at the Guards merely carried out their duty in shooting Dr. Liebknecht while escaping. Amsterdam, Jan. 17. Fifty thousand copies .f the "Rote Fahne" (the "Red Flag") have been seized, containing Dr. Liobknecht's last article,- declaring that he and Rosa L~uxemburg had not fled. "We are n~ith3,rten," h.asaid..'"Whether they uncis ed;a'o nt, ieir will be otrs. Spar -u e ~rsld .'e volution The jourIii.?6? ?i?gobhai b· the German labouring class has Snot-yet ieded; bUit the day of de-. liverance is near." London,- Jan. -19. A report- from Amste-idam states that in Berlin, in the midst' of .the stern election struggle, airmen bombarded the city with pamphlets from all parties. Gr?ave election riots have "occurred in many parts of the country owing to the deaths of Liebknecnt and Rosa Luxem. burg. A mob at Liepsig declared a general strike, destroyed the elec tion bureau, and forced the Gov ernment newspapers. -to .publish apologies for the murder, and- ad mit that. - the Government was blameworthy. Paris, Jan. 18. In addition to the surrender of all completed submarines and. the de struction of those uncompleted,. and the Entente's utilisation of German merchantmen, the jhew armistice conditions require the surrender of much agricultural equipment. Madrid, Jan.- 17. Spain has handed over the German and Austrian ships interned in her ports, in accordance with the armis tice conditions. - M-ontreal, Jan. 18. The United Press correspondent at Coblentz interviewed Count von Grote, Governor of the Rhine "pro. vinces, who said.: that Germany would not forget France's- rtention of the.-Rhine- provinces. It would :u1 timately lead to war between Franice and Germany. The occupants of. the Rhine provinces had strong German sympathies, and would resent an nexation by France. Paris, Jan. 17. It.is understood that the Austrian fleet will be handed ovei- to the French Admiral Gauchet at Corfu. London, Jan. 17. The "Morning Post" special cor respondent in Paris writes: "Divergencies of opinion at the conference now centre on the feed ing of Germany and --the question .of the indemnity, which is the great est difficulty. President Wilson always favoured- payment by Ger many for damages caused by the i war, but is unwilling to acquiesce in an indemnity in addition. English delegates more or less agree with Piiresident Wilson on this p6int, but France has drawn up a careful ac count of her losses from every source, and will shortly present the bill. It is understood that con ference will not discuss the fi ce dom of- the seas. S"It is believed that China is pro testing against having only two seats. Five delegates arrived, in i cluding the Foreign Minister. The Chinese regard Japap as their, prin cipal opponent. and deny the Japa niese Government's recent statement 1 that Chinese and Japanese interests vwill be represented in common." London, Jan. 17. Thle imupellii, ,incident to M. Clcmenceau's deniand for res?rie t lions on corrseiiondents at Ve's:pilles arose out of impudent cai'legrams .from N w York -papers regardiRng differences which" weer no1-existent.. To da 'i9I cohnfeeiire • as c!ii"ey ifdei.oled to flhe fquestioin of I(tussýhi iepedition.s e London, Jan.. 17" Baron Making, one of Japain's peace delegates, has arrived at Liverpool. He said • that the Japanese were in sympathy and hearty agreement with the allies. Japan had lived on the douter edge of the- huge maelstrom, and knew little of its horrors, but "'as proud of her allies.. Japan did not. seek reward,' but looked forward witth confidence to a brighter, and better future. Zirich, Jan. 17. MuniCh papers state that the German delegates to the Peace Con ference will be Prince Lichniowski, .Count Brockdorff, Count Arco, and the Socialist, Herr Kaufsky; Copenhagen, Jan. 18. Speaking at Cassel Herr Schiede mann said that be and Count Brockdorff would be the leaders of the German peace delegation. It was essential that he should parti cipate in order to show the world that deinocracy was now Germany's watchword. Amsterdam, Jan. 17. Herr Erzberger informed a con ference of German railway managers that Marshal Foch estimated that. the indemnity neaessary to restore elgium- and northern France was. thirty milliaels of marks, and for, the repair of other damage twenty mllriakrds. He stated that as surety :-4i-2alies would demand the Ger man railwayys, iorest.-and-- woods. Berlin,, Jan". 7. SDr. 8Sf, In .. speech, at.. West Dihilia, advocat ed a league: of ha.. tions, and said he hoped that on the strength of President Wilson's pro grammnne, Germany would at least recover part of her colonies. Paris, Jan. 18. It is expected that the Peace COon. ference will consult the Russian re presentatives now in Paris. The French Government adhere to their decision to have no dealings- with the Bolshevik Government, but the other countries hope to find a -way of including them in their delibe: ations without departing from their abhorrent attitude toward Bolshe vik terrorism. Paris, Jan. 18. Marshal. Foch, addressing Ameri can 'correspondents, said: "The natural frontier which protects civilisation is the Rhine. On it we 'must hold the Germans, and make it impossible for them to repeat the coup of 1914." Paris, Jan. 20; A great stir has been caused by Mr. Hughes' declaration that the American press refuses to be ]munled by the conference on ques tions in which Australia is con cerned. He is pressing Australia's claim to the German islands, south of the Equator. Paris, Jan. 20. The Dominions Premiers and Mr. SLloyd..George:, .after a series -of con ferences1 -reached in agreement on -the British attitude in r-sgardfto the' freedom of the seas. London, Jan. 17. A regular aeroplane passenger and postal service between .Paris and London in connection- with the peace conference will begin on Monday, Paris, Jan. 20. President. Wilson dined with the Senate. - The president welcomed President Wilson as the protagonist who would sway the moral forces against physical hatred, which still howled in Europe .The task of pre venting anarchy was tremendous. President Wilson, replying, said that undoubtedly there was a time when' the United' States did not understand the war situ ation. That was a time of deep anxiety for France. Now the period of full understand ing had been reached, and America Was a fast friend of Francu. The world jmust organise against the peril such as France had with "stood. - Paris, Jan. . 20. .The Prime Minister of Greece, -A. Venizelos. in an interview with the "Temps," said :-"Greece claims -Thrace. She admits that this would deprive Bulgaria of access to the ocean." M. Venizelos believes that Constantinople should . be interna-s tionalised, and that all the eastern Mediterranean islands. should be re--, iturned to Greece. .. Amsterdam, Jail. 9. The German Government -has in st.ruc:ted its delegates to the Peace Conference to work for abolishing all economic- warfare. Agreements must immediately be made concern in" -the' impoi:s- of raw -material and foodstuffs. Germiany is ready to. disarm on land and sea. and in the' ai, but Ger many's right within the I '-scope of Dr.- Wilson's programme must be recognised. Germany re cognises the great principle of the' people's freedom of self-determina tion. especially in regard to Polaind. and Alsace Lorraine. The. dele I ates must work for a League of, Nations. SCoPenhagen, Jan. 17. Tihe Bolsheviks at-. Reval arej hastily retreating- dwing . to 'the news that a counter revolutionary . movement.has broken out in Petro grad. . Copenlgagn Jan. 17.' M. Litvinoff has , again sent a. message to President Wilson offer ing to terminate the Bolshevist world propaganda if tlhe allies will enter into peace negotiations. London, Jan. 20. The official correspondent with the A.I.F. writes from France: "The Prince of Wales left the Aus tralian Corps Headquarters to-day amid the whole-hearted cheers of the corps, staff oficoers. and what i men could be collected in the vicin ity at. the moment of his iniformal SdCpaxture. The Prince 'spent twenty five days with the Australians, and thoroughly ingratiated himself. with Sthe officers? and men- throughout the I divisions. T'.ia is no 'mere figure of speech, but the -plain truth. They found uhim a;. high-spirited, frank, easy-mannered - gentlembn, fiull -of enthiisiasm for all sports, fit, as be fits his age, yet revealing at all' times a fine old-fashioned courtesy, which left an impression on all hearts. He spent all his time among the divi sional race meetings and battalion football matches. He presented me- dals to. the men on several occasions in recognition of good work done in the recent fighting. Officers and men everywhere were greatly pleas ed with him, and at the corps head quarters, where he mostly lived, the officers came to regard him almost as one of themselves. This is no ordin ary achievement for a prince so young to have accomplished in this democratic community. Among the Austrialian soldiers he won pronounc ed affection. They found him de lightful company, and were flattered by the unfeigned . interest of the prince in all their stories of camp and field. Some battalion officers who met him in Brussels, said: "He stood drinks like one of ourselves." He looked on. at football and races, mixing with the men and officers as - he liked, talking .with whoever he found. At a race meeting of a cer tain division he saw a group of men apart. lie walked over and found them playing 'two-up,' which the military regards as illegal. To the embarrassment of at least one Aus tralian staff officer, the prince join ed for. a few minutes, and threw the kip twice for the gamblers, to .thei' grept enjoyment. The first time they told him that: he did not give the prioper twist to the kip in throwing,. wherepiiion he repeated the perform ance correctly. "'There was an inspection ..f the Australian Arnimy Brigade, for which, the day promised fine. The men ap peared. on parade without rain coats and overcoats. The -weather suddenly.changed to cold and- rain, and the prince,' observing the men without overcoats, instantly i nok off his own coat, and insisted, on deeing the proceedings through without any protection from the weather. Hlie got wet through like the troops cn pa rade. The prince said several times Jluring his star that he had been unable hitherto to visit the Aus tralians, as he was always engaged on the duties of his owlsn c.~mnriy during the war, but he paid this Christmas visit. by his own r.articu lar wish. He has not. visited the Third Division yet, but he .is.. in tent .on seeing them .also, and Will nirobablv do this in.two or. tree ?weeks' time, when he return; from Cologne." London,. Jan. .11 The following military awards have been made: - Distinguished - Service Order.- Australians: Majors J. C. Camp bell, 7th Field Ambulance ; R. B. Norman, 48th Battalion ; IT. P. Phil lips, 3rd pioneers; Second-Lieut. J. Shorrock, 28th Battalion. New .Zealander.: Lieut. D. Kennedy, 2na Rifle Brigade.'" Bar -to Military Cross.-Au4tra lians: Captains W.- M. -Cory, - 4th Diaghine Gun Corps ;. F. IR. Iorb, 46th Battalion; Lieut. J. ii. James, .3rd . .Pioneers. , -New Zealandnr: ;Lieut. A-. AS. Herbert, Otago Mount 4..Rifes... , - , :LLo.adol, Jan. .7.: The 'Daily --Express" correspon dent .in Geneva says :_-"Switzerland is threatened with an invasion or Teutonic agents. Austria has issued 40,000. passports 'for Switzerland, and` Germany has issued 28.000, mostly for business men, financiers. and commercial travellers. Fifty two Austrian and German firms with. large capital registeired in .Switzerland this year." i: Geneva, Jan. 17. SIt . is reported that the ex Emperor Karl is still seriously ill. His entourage deny the 'reports that his condition is really .due to alco holism. Lfondon, Jan. 18. A report from Vienna states thalt the 1Rumanian "Official Gazette'" proclaims Rumania's annexation of Transylvania. Paris, Jan. 17. M. Clemenceau announced in the Chamber of Deputies that twelve lhundred thousand French troops would be demobilised by February 15, and two million by March 3. London, Jan. 17. The Demosthenes carries 1100 troops for Australia. Brussels, Jan. 18. The Grand Duchess Charlotte, in a speech from the-throne, said she i desired to draw closer Lxemburg's i ties with the Entente. Amsterdam, Jan. 18.. Paderewski is fornung. a: non p~arty G6vernirnient in Plaid;, with hirm· lt is Foreign Miistei'. London, Jan. '16. The Australian Press Association learns that the situation of the Ger man army is very uncertain. The 18th and 19th class have been retain ed with the cobours, numberng half a million, apart from at least as: many others already under arms. Hence it is essential that the allies should agree to all Marshall Foch's requisitions for men. Thus far 804 officers and 145,776 British prisoners from Germany have been repatriat ed. The situation in the Balkans con tinues difficult. French and Ruma nian troops have been compelled to occupy Arad. Conflicts have occur red between the Bulgars and the Rumanians in the "Dobrudja. The railway from Ba.toum to Ba kunow is in British hands, and there-j fore it is easier" to supply General Malleson via the Caspian, where a severe winter has set in.' The British force is the only stable factor in 1 Trans-Caspia, and it is essential. to prevent a Bolshevik penetration into Northern Persia. It is equally neces eary to retain our present'force in Northern Russia, though there is no intention to send large reinforce ments or to attack Russia. The Bolsheviks on the Ural- front are advancing on Orenburg. - The difficulties facing the Omsk Govern ment are largely due to the condi tion of the Trans-Siberian railway, which is only capable of one train daily. About 120,000 Bolsheviks are operating on the Omsk front, in cluding many German officers.. Severe fighting has gone on be .tween the Don and the Caucasus, where General Denikin is command ing all the anti- Bolshevik forces. General Denikin defeated the Bol sheviks in severe fighting east of Stavropol; nevertheless the 140,000 Bolsheviks there are fighting well, because discipline is ruthlessly en forded by the death penalty and cor poral punishment. The allies are helping General Denikin with arms and ammunition, but only a few French detachments have been land ed at Sevastopol and Odessa. It is now revealed that the Ger mans are determined to seize all the provisions of the Poles in Prussia, if the Polish provinces of Germany are restored to Poland. All parties in Germany are agreed on this step, as Poland is regarded as even more im portant than the° left back of the Rhine. Ebert has declared that, if the Polish provinces are returned to Poland, Germany will reconquer theI west through .the east. These state ;ients were made at a secret meeting .f all parties, convened when Prince Max was Chancellor. .The German policy is now to have Poland an easy prey after the Bolsheviks have ravaged Poland, and hence the Ger mans are handing their arms over to the Bolsheviks. General Pdole telegraphs that re fugees from Central Russia state that the Bolsheviks continue to de stroy all, economic and social life. The decree for the nationalisation of women has been put in force; com-. missaries of free love have been es tablished in several towns; and re spectable women are flogged for re-" fusing to yield to the decree. Experi ments have also been made with the nationalisation of children. London, Jan. 9. It is officially -announced that the associated Governments have estab lished a supreme council, consisting of representatives of France, Italy, the United States, and Britain, to deal with questions of food, finance, * shipping, and resources in connection with the revictualling and supply of liberated and enemy territory, and to co-ordinate such supplies with supplies for the allied and neutral countries. At the instance of the War Cabinet, Lord Reading and Sir .J. Beale represent Britain for the time being on the council, and will leave London immediately for Paris. The American representatives are Miecsrs. Hoover and Norman Davis and the French are MM. Clementel and Villerain. The Italian represen tatives are arriving in Paris. Cer tain .emergency measures have al ready been taken, whereby assis tance will be rendered to Serbia and Rumania. Concerning the Austro-Germans, an inter-allied commission has been working for some time. Sir W. Bev eri.dge, ..of the Food Ministry, met repreienta.tives .of Vienna and the Austro-German territories at Berne. T.r comminsion. has since proceed ed to Vienna and Prague. The food situation in those territories is seri- i ous, and is rendered more 'serious by transport and financial difficulties. An interim arrangement is being made for the supply of a certain. quantity of foodstuffs. Some supplies have already been sent to Vienna. Further action will doubtless -be re quired when the commission reports i to the supreme council. The associated Governments are fully alive to the importance of sup plies, and there is every reason to hope that the supreme council will shortly be able to establish a coin- I prehensive scheme for dealing with the whole situation. London, Jan. 16. The Australian Red Cross reports that 2942 Australian war prisoners have arrived in England, and a further 158 have arrived in neutral countries, en route for England, leaving fewer than 130 in Germany. Fifty of these are untraceable, owing to various causes. The Brit ish Red Cross has arranged for special boats on the Rhine to pick up stragglers, and is also sending motors to search the country. An Australian military officer accom panies them, and hopes thereby to find most who are at present mis sing, but it is feared that some are dead. The latest arrivals in England in-. clude Sergeant-Major Bannigan, of Adelaide, of the second .Field Artil lery brigade, who was taken pris Soner at Lagnicourt. He was for many months president of the Brit ish help committee in the Soltau' camp, Hanover, where he has' vol untarily remained since the armis tice, in order to arrange repatria tion and transport. Bannigan de clares that General Themig, doctor in the Guysenburg camp, and his officers were responsible for a re gime of tyranny there. He penson ally saw Themig assault a prisoner with a whip. The Guysenburg sick parades were a heartless farce. After a hasty sarvey of the waiting patients, Themig roared in German: 'To work; clear out; get " If the men lingered, imploring treatment, they were frequently ordered a day's work without food. Bannigan states that, excepting the local president of the soldiers and sailors' council, the camp authorities made every effort to hinder the repatria tion of the prisoners. The men unanimously praise the excellent provision made for their comfort in Denmark, Holland, and Switzerland, while they were on the road to England. Although it is anticipated that the Australian Red I Cross work in England will continue 'for some months, the number of hospitals. is rapidly Ideclining. Twenty-two of the hospitals in Eng land, where Australians were ac commodated, were closed in Decem ber, and many others are closing shortly. Numbens of Australians are in hospitals in France, aid these despite many influenza cases, are also steadily declining, and sev eral are already closed. Paris, Jan.. 16. Marshal Foch met Herr Erzberger and General von Winferfeldt in his railway car at Treves to- day, and. told them. his conditions for a re newal of' the armistice. The con-i sultation will probably' be finished this evening. It is understood that one condition will insist on Ger many's giving up a number of sub marines which sle has hitherto hidden. The allied naval commis sion also discovered that the Ger mans had not given full details of the uncompleted submarines. Paris, Jan. 19. The representatives of the allied Powers have resolved to maintain the German blockade with the ut most rigidity, although at the in stance of America some relief may be afforded to meet the shortage oi< fats in the Central Empires. The blockade against mails continues drastically, otherwise the German owned securities from which much of the initial indemnities must come would be likely to disappear. Amsterdam, Jan. 16. It is reported that Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg are now at Den theim, waiting for permission to enter Holland. Copenhagen, Jan, 17. Reports from Berlin say that Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg were both murdered. Copenhagen, Jai., 17. Berlin reports say that Liebknecht was shot half an hour after .he had been court- martialled and sen tenced to death. No details are given. Rosa Luxemburg was killed while attempting to escape. Z d urich, Jan. 17, Berlin- advices say that the ar moured `car conveying LiebknechtlI from the Schvenberg police station to the central station in .Berlin broken down. The guards decided to walk. Liebknecht attempted to escape, and was killed instantly, shot between the shoulders. The Government has ordered an inquiry to ascertain- if bloodshed could have been averted. Lynchers nearly succeeded in dragging Rosa Luxem burg out of the car in which guards were driving her to prison, and she was almost torn to pieces before she was shot. Copenhagen, Jan. 16. The "National Tidende" reports that a secret staircase and an en ormous store of arms and ammuni tion were discovered in the Russian IEmbassy in Berlin. I London, . Jan. 17. A wireless message from Berlin says that the first separate National Assembly in Germany was opened on the 15th at Karlsruhe, with 107 deputies, including nine women. The Minister-President thanked the Baden soldiers for their services in the war. He said that the Grand Duke of Baden had not participated' in the war either at the beginning or the end, and therefore the Gov ernment expressed its thanks to the soldiers, not to the wearer of the crown and his heir. The Minister President favoured Imperial unity, .and said, "We are desirous above all of remaining a great German demo cratic State." Copenhagen, Jan. 16. I The Berlin "Vossische Zeitung" says that advices from Riga report fires in several places, and say that the Bolsheviks are plundering and murdering in the town. Montreal, Jan. 17. The Montenegrin Legation an nounces -that 20,000 Montenegrin1 soldiers have -revolted and driven out the. Serbian troops that were occupying Montenegrin towns. The revolting soldiers have sent a dele gation to Paris asking that Ameri can troops may be sent to preserve order in Montenegro. Paris, Jan. 16. 1 The preparations for the official' inauguration of the peace conference on the 18th are complete. The 62 delegates will be grouped according to their nations. When all are seat ed rounid the horseshoe table in the famous Clock Room of the Foreign Office, President Poincare will enter and deliver his speech of welcome. He will then retire. M. Clemenceau taking the chair. The first business will be the appointment of an inter allied committee, including the pre sident, vice-president, and general secretariat. The decisions covering procedure reached at meetings since the 12th will be read and ratified, and the document will afterwards be issued for publication. Paris, Jan. 16. Sir Joseph Cook attended the pri sonears of war committee to-day. He urged the necessity of speeding up the search in Germany, with the view of discovering Australian miss ing 'and. the details of the fate of those who were dead. Paris, Jan. 17. A meeting to-day of journalists at tending the peace conference decided to urge full publicity. The Americans favoured -the press admission to all sessions. The British suggested that semi-official representatives of each nation should attend the conference and report thereon. The meeting re solved to ask the British Govern 'ment to secure permission for Sir George Riddell to attend the confer ence wherever possible, and confer with the press representatives on the proceedings. Fifty journalists later attended a meeting at the conference's inrvita tion. The official representative ex plained why it was necessary to pre serve secrecy in certain discussions. Publicity in some cases might put a weapon in- the enemy's hands. The American spokesman asked for the fullest publicity, in accordance with President Wilson's first point. Sir George. Riddell annoulnced the reso lhition of the British press delega tion. The Italians stated that. they favoured the British attitude. After the meeting a committee represent ing all nations drafted a joint peti tion which they are presenting to the conference to-day. New York, Jan. 17. The Paris correspondent of the "New York Evening Mail" say:s that President Wilson told, the French, Italian and Japanese dele gates .that he favours an open con ference in accordance with his four teen points, and will oppose a sec ret 'conference. Paris, Jan. 17. Some Parisian newspapers, corm menting on the separate represen tation of the British dominions, de clare that on the. saine basis the French io sessiaois are entitled to delegates. London, Jan. 19. The New Zealand Ministers, Mr. Massey and Sir Joseph Ward, ar rived at "Plymouth on the Ophir to day, and were welcomed in London by many New Zealanders. Theys said they were dissatisfied at New Zealand's having only one delegate at the peace conference. That was quite contrary to their earlier un derstanding with the British Gov_ ernment. They would prefer not to discuss the matter till they had seen the authorities on Monday. Montreal, Jan. 17. The United Press correspondent in Paris interviewed Mr. Arthur 'Henderson on his way to Berne to attend the international Labour Socialists Congress on the 27th. He said that the British Government tacitly supported the proposal that German and Russian - delegates should be admitted to the peace congress. Allied Labour had drawn up a programme which they would submit to the Central Powers and neutral representatives. He hoped that America would be represented, but Mr. Gompers had not yet ex pressed his intentions. g New York Jan. 17. The Paris correspondent of the "New York Sun" says that the American peace delegation is not showing any willingness to recog nise, the" Soviet regime in Russia, but favours sending a commission to Russia to investigate' the conditions there. They also. talk of inviting a representative of the Soviets to come to Paris and present their case. Lisbon, Jan. 15. As the revolutionaries in Santareni failed to surrender -within the time limit given- 'them, the loyal troops in the town began the bombard ment of them. Lisbon, Jan. 16. The rebels in Santarem surrender ed after a heavy bombardment, and the revolutionary rising .has now ended. 