Agriculture for Anzacs The announcement that the Minister for Defence has made arrangements whereby one hundred carefully chosen members of the Australian Imperial Force are to visit the United States to receive instruction in irrigation is of particular interest at the present moment, both as a piece of well- advised repatriation, and as being beneficial to Australian agriculture as a whole. The course is to last from six to twelve months. Another party of 25 Anzacs has been sent to Den- mark, to study the latest developments in dairying. The war has given to scores of thousands of Australian soldiers some- thing like a University education in life and the affairs of the world. To many it has also given a golden op- portunity for specialisation in their profession or industry, under the tuition of some of the world's great- est experts. It is quite clear from solders' letters and cabled reports that the Anzac has kept his eyes wide open to the lessons of other lands. Many Australians who served in Palestine have declared that they would gladly have settled there, if there had been in operation a scien- tific system of irrigation. The great potentialities of Egypt, with its grow- ing irrigation scheme, are also fully recognised by many of our soldiers. Almost every modern agricultural country has its specialism, both in crops and methods. Denmark is famous for its dairying industry. In no part of the world is the Industry more scientific or better organised. In France and Belgium intensive agricul- ture has attained a remarkable degree of success. In these and many other countries various forms of agricul- tural co-operation have been develop- ed, with an extraordinary increase in efficiency, production and profits. America, again, is particularly notable for her huge Irrigation systems, and the success with which agricultural education is carried far and wide amongst the men on the land. Though the Commonwealth has made its own worthy contributions to agricultural, science, it is vitally interested at pre- sent in learning what older countries can teach it. The presence of so many Australian agriculturists in Europe, today offers a golden opportunity to secure for Australia great and lasting benefits. We stand to gain not merely in knowledge, but still more in the widening of our outlook in regard to science and agriculture. Mr. A. E. V. Richardson, Superintendent of the Vic- torian Department of Agriculture, has made the strongest possible plea for the scientific development of agricul- ture on something like American lines. His tour of the United States showed him what could be done by a people with the keenest interest in all branches of education, backed by a government prepared to spend £12,000,000 upon agricultural educa- tion and research. Australia need yield nothing to America in agricultural possibilities, whether in soil or climate. "Were Australia nearer the crowded centres of Europe," says Mr. Richardson, "and its resources as well advertised 'as those of Canada, America nnd Argen tina, it would be the Mecca of the European settler." At present we mainly advertise our droughts. Post- war conditions will give us a big stream of new immigration, which, with the returning Anzacs, should make the labor problem of land settlement easy of solution, provided that other necessary measures are taken. These must jinclude a bold policy of road de- velopment, accompanied hy railway construction, in anticipation of settlement in districts offering the best prospects. In the matter of irrigation, the possibilities in Australia are extremely good. In the United States more than 4,000,000 acres are under Irrigation. Their output and organisation are vastly superior to those of the areas without irrigation schemes. Our An- zac agriculturists could not perform a better service than to bring back to the Commonwealth both scientific knowledge of, and keen enthusiasm for, the application of irrigation where- ever practicable in Australia. The slowness with which the Murray River scheme is being developed has been matter for despair among pro- gressive citizens for many years. When that scheme is in full operation, it will reach 1,500,000 acres. It is cer tain that a huge Increase in the num- bers of live-stock and in the various crops will soon result. Any Anzacs who return with American experience to the State of Victoria will find that considerable advantages are possessed by their home, country— a better cli- mate, particularly for the fruit-grower, uniform fertility of soil, and an abun- dant and cheap supply of water. In Denmark the Anzac visitors will learn the very latest of the science and, organisation of dairying, in that small country there are more than one thousand co-operative dairies alone, which account for 80 per cent. of the butter output of Denmark. Before the war, the United Kingdom imported annually Danish butter, eggs and bacon to the value of nearly £22,000,000. These three commodities constitute over 80 per cent. of the total production of Denmark. The dairying industry of Australia has shown rapid expansion. Our total export of dairy products before the war was valued at nearly £4,000,000. and reached £7,000,000 in the last year of the war, though values were by then somewhat inflated. Austra- lia has everything to gain from learn- ing more of the co-operative methods of Denmark and other countries, particularly when applied to bacon factories, creameries, and marketing organisation. Perhaps Belgium, how ever, offers to the Anzac the most valuable lessons in agriculture. For many years Belgium has far sur- passed all other countries in the aver- age yield per acre, which is £20. Though, some of the laud is very rich, the whole of Flemish soil is poor. Yet so great is the skill bestowed upon it, that the produce of Flanders per acre is equal to that of the rest of Belgium. Rich though Denmark is, and pos- sessed of 75 per cent, more cultivated acreage than Belgium, its average yield is only £6 per acre. This is a tribute both to Belgian skill and the superiority of intensive cultivation. Belgium also leqds the world in the number of live-stock per square mile, Denmark coming next. The little country which so valiantly defied the Huns has taught the world how a highly developed manufacturing coun- try can yet attain supremacy in agri- culture. We may be confident that the long sojourn of the Anzacs among the Belgians will ensure a great deal of this valuable agricultural know- ledge reaching Australia. Now that victory and its fruits have fallen to tho Allies, nothing could cement that friendship more firmly than th[rough] mutual teaching and learning, ... happily proceeding with such fair pro- mise of common advantage, to them- selves and their people. 