MAN ON THE LAND. IMPORTATIONS OF STUD STOCK. , By tho/ steamer. Falma there lias arrived' »n Sydney a valuable consignment of 1?. Shorthorn bulls and ono Hereford. "Twelve of iho Shorthorns pro consigned to Mr. bvan Jonos, of Parramatta;' two Short- iiuiiiv ana u»e ncroiord to Air. Mouort v . Duncan, of Rockhompton, and the re- ominiiig threo to Major' Anthony Hor- \ arrn, whoso trio includes Windsor Cqm- wander, from to Royal farms, Windsor. y"y tho steamer Opawa a Guernsey bull and heifcr'aro arriving to .the order of Major Anthony Hordcrn, Now that space nn outgoing vessels is becoming avail- nolo it is expected that tho export of n. high-class- stud animals from England J, «'iil incroofio .considerably.; I> I'"nE/j TRAINING IN AGRICULTURE. Tlii Dilo.tor of tho' Now South Wales labour Exchanges and Immigration draws, attention to tho facilities existing for youths to acquire frco of cost a rudi mentary knowledge of farming in iU dif ferent branches at the Pitt ..Town Agri cultural Training- Farri. " "The demand for boys on farms and stations is con stant, and over increasing, and tho direc- that it is considerably to , l)i® do.vb' udwintagc, both./inoncially and i otherwise, to acquire somo knowlcag© of tho business beforo proceeding to cm- v /fploymont. In support of this statement it is pointed out that incxperioncod boys ; / a 3 a rulo do not receive more than 10s per week- and thoir keop. whilst many . of thoso who bavo gono through tho 13 weeks' course at the farm have been placed / : \ at 25s per -week. - - \- \ LAMBING TIME.' v ' An inquiry as to tho proper method of helping a_ owo which has" troublo in Limbing gives an' imprcssion :that a fow hints on this point, may- (be acceptable aaa tho "Australasian"). Great care and fcontlc handling aro vory necessary, i. but if these bo.. need, and .tho -anatomy _ Fell studied beforehand, succoss is .gcu- achieved. NVTiilo the carcaao is )uo beat means of studying tho position tl tho organs, a great deal of information Can bo gathered from the coloured charts with movable flaps, now issued. Beforo attempting to assist a ,ow© tho linger nails should bo .pared short and mado t Hraooth, and the hand smeared with vase- line or carbolic oil, Tho owe is laid gently on her side. Tho hand should bo I: compressed, and introduced gently press- ng steadily but patiently on the mouth tho womb, until tho 'fingers %nd vMthumb can be inserted, and the hand V Vraduolly wedged in. 'Tho natural poai- ,j\ lion for tho footue is with the . need 'resting on the two forelegs: and if it is found that this is tho position, help iv ill seldom be required. In moat obnbr- tnal presentations, tho front feet and the head should bo felt for, put into place, and brought into the passage, . Assistance may then bo given by drawing tho foetus steadily downwards toWaraB Xho hocks of tho owe, at times when natural pains occur. In the caao of nrcech presentation, if the hocks aro \ doubled, tho breech must bo pushed for ward, and the hind feet brought up. Tho foetus can then bo pulled away back ward.. In most cases intorferonco is not . Inccessary ;. and a word of caution is given jto young breeders hot to -bo over-anxious ito assist. .. aggers study dairy farming. I By arrangements with tho Department of Demobilisation, Australian soldiers ivscre recently selected to go to Denmark uir about four weeks for tho purpose of kJ abtaiuing information and instruction in dairying and agriculture. The. party Ws to visit agricultural coljegoa. and farms, >-, aqd tho nubjecU to bo dealt with in cluded thf> dairying industry, co-opera- live egg export, breeding of Red Danish U7;iiry cattle, cultivation of agricultural seeds, and development of improved strains, plant culture, high clans ngricul- situro, co-operative creameries, afforesta- Hfion, cultivation of lands, and the bacon' t-jw industry. ' Full military pay of thoir ranks was to be given to the selected ap plicants, in' addition to living expenses' I for accommodation, second class railway fares > apd vsleamer , fares. Applications werf'inrRcd frora men .who ,hai hfldxx- perj-Mlco of dSiry fhrhnng;'' arid' were pre- ipaiMl";to give an undertaking that they ,,i ! intended to ' adopt that . occuputiou on \< \- thefreturn to' Australia. i I 'THE AVERAGE PER COW. >.1 , Tho milking herd' at Berry (N.S.W.) i; experiment form, numbering 4i cows, K -gave a return last month of £132 108, or Ian average of £3 4s 9d for cream sont ; (to tho Berry central factory and milk Isold for the Sydney trade. This ie tho ., vfnrtnV best average return fc- ihq year, jand is accounted for partly by tlio fact that all milk was sola on the highest test. There is st'ill fair feed oh the farm, though tho frosts have cut up the pas tures -on the flats. All the cowa aro re-, cciving a. supplementary ration. About half of them, nro being .tested, and these arc given daily 121b of lucerne and pas- paluni.hav chaff; 121b of moire silage, 21b of lynn; 2lb of crushed oats, <uid lib each of pollard and linseed meal. Tho other milking cowa havo a daily allowance of 251b of tnaize, silage, and lib e&cb; of bran and linseed me»il. Tho Stato farm t hvorage was exceeded last month 'by - a. -picked 'herd of 25 cows, on tho Stioal- liiaven, which gave a return of £91, or fA £3 J3s per cow for milk sent to Syd- ' jFfipy 'and ' cream sent to the -Nowra fac- v torv. -This herd was not hand-fed, but bad gOod grazing, including.lucernc and English graeacs. 