DANES IN AUSTRALIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir, In The Argus today the Prime Minister is reported to have stated in Bris bane that "the Northern Territory is full of Russians Danes and Dagos," I beg to state that as a Dane who has resided in Mel- bourne for 32 years the statement thus printed has grieved me inexpressibly and that the same applies to my countrymen residing in Melbourne. In pre war times we Danes were told by Ministers of the Crown, both Federal and Stale that, next to their own kith and kin the, they preferred Danish immigrants; nor is this to be won dered at, because both as regards agricul ture and pastoral pursuits the Danes are undoubtedly in the first rank. Furthermore, as far as the supremely im portant dairying industry is concerned, the Danes are by common consent unsurpass able. In addition it may be stated that Danish immigrants, both men and women, are as a general rule thrifty, industrious, dependable, and zealous in their different avocations. We therefore find that Britishers throughout the length and breadth of Australia who come into contact with Danish immigrants invariably praise them for their many excellent qualities. The have been for years past, are now, and will continue to be most valuable co operators in the developmental work of this great Commonwealth. I might also remind your readers that King George's mother, the adored Queen Mother Alexandra, is a Dane. No one will deny that she in her august sphere has made good and it is equally true that the great majority of Danes who have settled in Australia have similarly "made good." No nationality outside the actual combatants sent more men to fight for the Allies in the great war than the Danes of whom a great number enlisted in Australia, and one of them an Adelaide boy named Jens Christian Jensen, secured the much coveted Victoria Cross. I therefore with complete confidence invite the Prime Minis ter to take an earlv opportunity of remov ing the stigma which has been put upon a body of most deserving colonists, many of whom are ardent admirers and supporters of Mr. Hughes.—Yours, &c.;, G. A. HORNEMANN. Denmark street, Kew, Nov. 26. 