The Great War-and After Diary of the Cables, LONDON, August 12. Senator Lodge declares that it is im-<*> possible that America should subscribe to the covenant of the League of Nations, as to do so would be to impair the sove- reign power of the country. . Sir Herbert Ames, a member of tfie Canadiun House of Commons, has beca appointed financial director of the per manent secretariat of the League of jNations, with headquarters at Geneva. Before he left South Africa, the Austra lian Minister for the Navy (Sir Joseph Cook) expressed the hope that in future there would, be greater intercourse between South Africa and the Commonwealth. Lt was advisable, in his opinion, that Domin ion experts should tour . the respec tive countries, and up gain mutually help ful experience. October 29 is the date fixed by President Wilson for the initial meeting in America of the International Labour Conference. The second reading of the Profiteering pill was carried by the British House ut Commons by 251 votes to 8. The tramway strikers at Capetown have accepted tho terms proffered by the pro pjrietary company and returned to work. For nearly three weeks the traffic has peen totally suspended.' His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, who is proceeding to Canada on a visit, has reached St. John's, Newfoundland. The Rev. Harrington Lees, vicar of Swansea, Wales, has declined the offer of the Bishopric of Bendigo. Victoria. . Ten teams, including the visiting Aus tralian players, are to compete in the national doubles tennis competition in America. The winners will meet the pre sent champions. LONDON. August 13. . Following representations made by the Supreme Allied Council, the Roumanian Government is now prepared to accede to the desire of the Allies us regards the action taken in Hungary. The newly- constituted Government in Hungary, under the regency of the Arch duke Joseph, has arrested 33 People's Coiu jpistaries and 200 Terrorists. The German General Staff is to be dis solved on October 1. General Denikin, in addition to captur ing 11,000 Bolsheviks and 60 guns, com- Sletely shattered two crack Bolshevist ivisione. General Dehikin'a advanced cavalry has effected a junction with the C/ral Cossacks, who form General Kolt fchak's ieft wing. The Ukrainians are said to have cap tured Dubr.o. in Volhynia, having defeated the Bolshevik forces. Anolher report states that a complete British victory has been achieved on the Pvina, where the troops advanced 12 Oiles and annihilated six Bolshevik iMkttalions, taking 1000 prisoners and 12 guns. ..Tho Scotland Yard authorities in Lor.; don have discovered that the plans of the Labour extremists provided for the establishment of a republic at Glasgow, •nd the introduction of Bolshevist rule elsewhere in the country. The council of the Yorkshire Miners Association is recommending the men to resume their occupations. Industrial trouble again threatens in Egypt, where the agitator? are urging a geaetiJ strike The tramway service at Cairo has already stopped. The South African Parliament has been Convened for September 5 to ratify the Peace Treaty. The British Minister for War informed the House of Commons that under arrange meat with the French Government ths British forces or the Rhine will be re duced to a strong biiuhde, and the Air Force to a single squadron, the reduction to be made by October 31 The Minister further stated that owing to the increased pay and allowances the Cost of the army per year. would oe from £03,000,000 to £73,000,000 in future, while the Air Force expenditure was estimated at £25,000,000 Before the war the cost Of the army was £29,000,000 per annum. The Goliath aeroplane, with eight pas sengers, has completed a flight from Paris 46 Morocco. It is officially announced that Viscount Grey will undertake a special mission in America to deal with peace questions pend ing the appointment of an Ambassador for tHritain. Britain is being visited by a great heat Wave. The temperature in London for four days hae been 84deg., and several persons have dropped dead in the streets, suffering from heat apoplexy. Holiday makers are revelling in sea bathing, and many of them do not trouble to find lodgings, but sleep on the beaches at the various pooatal resorts, or in hammocks * in. garden*. On behalf of the Commonwealth Govern, flaent, Geueral Sir William Bird wood Is presenting to each of seven provincial towns in England in which the Australian troops were- nospitably treated cmriug the war, including Exeter, a 77-millimetre gun received from the Germans under the armistice conditions. From inquiries made in well- informed quarters the Australian and New Zealand Press Association understands that tho British Government 4rc9 not anticipate any difficulty in finding sufficient tonnage to shift the new purchase of 2,000,000 tons of wheat, and doubtless will direct ships to Australia for the purpose, iv ad dition tc using troopships for the convey ance of the grain. Tho newspaper "Vossische Zeitung" dis« peb the mystery which has surrounded the fate of the Gerntau submarine merchant man Bremen. The crew of the vessel have now reached Bremen, and explain.that the vessel was captured by the British, who isolated them for three years in order to preserve the secret of the vessel's disap pearance. Sixteen British destroyers and motor- Inden transports have traversed tho Sound, bound for tho Baltic. The police have arrested Maurice Facey at v Communist Club in London, oh a • charge of having been associated with the ' case in which the foreign agitator, Zachariusscn, was concerned. Zachariassen, it is alleged, gave & *im of money to Mins Sylvia Ponkhurst for the purpose of carry ins on &n; agitation in England." ; Tho Czechoslovaks have protested to [ tho Supreme Council against the succes \ sion of '' the Archduke Joseph to the \ leadership of tho Hungarian Govern ment. . .LONDON, August 14. [ General Sir Archibald Macdonnell, in defending General Sir Arthur W. Currie, , who commanded a cavalry corps «? ! France, from criticisms of undue lossor in the capture of Passchendaele, said tho , Canadian losses were the lowest, while the [ percentage of gains was the highest. The , Canadians captured Passchendaele after i the Australians, New Zealandera, and British had failed. , Lord Inchcape has sold practically all of i the 40 new standard steamers which it , was announced last month he intended to ; Hell, on condition that they must not be : resold outside the United Kingdom for four years. The aggregate tonnage is > 343,751 tous, and the sales were made at > .£2B per ton. Fifty-eight thousand New Zealand troops have already left England, homeward bound, and 4400 have still to be repatri ated. Of these 1100 will leave by September : 14, and the balance before the end of October. About 1300 have taken their dis i charge in England, on a guarantee th,it i they will be. found employment, while a few have enlisted for Hervice in Russia, Although headquarters did not encourazo ■ them to do so. The steamer War Khan had an ex citing experience. She. received an ■ 8.0.8. signal when 200 miles off Brest to stand off, and found that the crew ) of a steamer had mutinied and broached ! a cargo of spirits on board and imprisoned ; the captain and mate in a cabin The , War Khan quelled the mutiny, put the ; leadors in iror?, and took the vessel to Brest. In connection with the efforts to recover [ (fold from the sunken steamer Laurentic, it is stated that gold ingots to the value . of £7,000.000 were on board. The hulk lies 10 fathoms deep, and has been broken by the pressure of water, but the dnpth la just about the limit* at which a diver can. work in calm weather. The authori ties expect to recover all the gold. A sum , of £1,000,000 was recovered in 1917, when the Laurentic waa lost, making £2,250,000 i thus far recovered in bars, 2ft. in length, , and weighing lewt. i The Belgian Chamber of Representa tives has unanimously ratified the Peace Treaty. General Gough has issued an ultima tum tc the "White" Russians, stating that ho will withdraw the British sup port unless prompt action is taken 1 against .Petrograd. The Esthonian and Yudenich troops , are quarrelling. Though fuily equipped by the British, they continue d'scon [ tented, thus preventing action when . frtrograd seemed withia the grasp of the > anti-Bolshevik forces. The Ukrainian Government reports that 1 its forces have captured Dubno, and that i the Bolsheviks are retreating The United States has ordered large ; supplies of war material to be sent mv ' itediately to General Aoltchafc to enable , him to continue his ac'vance against tVe ■ Bolsheviks. : The casualties in the British advance on tihe Dwina, Russia, were not heavy, . end all the objectives were secured. i The Bolsheviks have reached Tumen, in Manchuria. . ; Tho Danish Red Cross Mission reports that the situation in Moscow is one of terrible terrorism. The triumvirate exe cuted 1000 foreigners in July. The political situation in Turkey is ; chaotic owing to the Central Govern ■ ment losing authority Anatolia i* iv 1 open revolt under Kernel Pasha, and • <,nti-Greek conflicts are general. ! A report received in New York from London states that the Roumanians are [ leaving Budapest ■ Another rej>ort, however, declares that the Roumanian Cabinet has resolved not to evacuate Budapest until the Entente ' has redeemed the concessions granted to I Roumania in 1016. ( General Carranza, the head of the Government, has been warned ! by tho United Stntes that there will be~ . a radical change of policy unless the treatment of foreigners improves. The British Ministry of Labour is con . Bidenng the question of introducing legia i lation making strikes and lockouts illegal i without a week's notice in writing. [ . A mass meeting of Yorkshire miners lias voted in favour of returning to work. I Tha Yorkshire miners lo3t £5,0C10,000 , in wage* during the etrike. be.egatea, representing 1,750,000 en , gineerinx workers in Great Britain, have i agreed to submit the men's demands for A week of 44 hours to a joint committee of employ3r9 and employed, which will report on. the economic effect of the change. ' The "Triple Alliance" of unions is now seeking a ballot in favour of a general Btlike in Great Britain unless the Gov ernment promises the nationalisation of coal. The drastic action of tho League ot Consumers, formed in France to reducs pricefc, is having unexpected results. Many retailers are sLutting up tuciz shops. Tha House of Commons had an all night sitting considering the Profiteering lfitt-- in committee. The Australian forces have beon com pletely evacuated from Egypt and Pales tine. Only clearingup parties now re main in Egypt. * Generals Botha and Smuts have had tin enthusiastic reception at Johannes burg. The sales of wnr stores not wanted Ly Ihe British Government have realised £155,000,000. Stores worth many mil lion pounds are aw#iting sale. The British Government has decided to suppress Sinn Fein and kindred organisa tions in the county of Clare, Ireland. The secretary for the Home Depart ment (Mr. E. Shortt) stated in the House of Commons that Miss Sylvia Pankhurst i.dmitted having received £250 front Zachariassen, the Norwegian Bolshevik ag'.nt, for the support of an extremist newspaper edited by her. The immigration authorities hare order ed the deportation from Vancouver and Winnipeg of Russians accused of having attempted to overthrow the Government, to rob banks, and tn commit sabotage in connection with th« recent strikes. LONDON, August XC. An official memorandum enumerates a fleriea of attacks recently made on polica huts and barracks in County Clare, Ire land. In one* instance a constable w/3 killed by armed men, and a sergeant in jured so severely that he 6uccumbcd. Grave disorders in Londonderry are an ticipated by the authorities, who have re solved to suppress Sinn Fern and kindred bodies in the country as unlawful asocia tions. The Peace Treaty with Austria is ex pected to Be signed in 10 days. A conciliatory message has been, sent" the Allied Supreme Council from the Rou manian Government on the subject of tho occupation of Hungary. M. Locienza is reported to have formed a Cabinet in Hungary which "includes Count Andrassy, a former Premier of the country, and three Socialists. The Archduke Joseph explains that he accepted the invitation to lead the Gov ernment in the hope of saving the country, nnd that the question of restoring the Monarchy would be made an election issue with the Hungarian people. The Czec ho-Slovaks have protested to tba Entente against the Arciiduke Joseph's appointment as leader of the Government. The opposition manifested by Germany to the occupation of the disputed Dantxig territory is weakening. British troops have now arrived at Dant zig on their way to Po.'und. Marshal Foch has dismissed General yon Winterstein from the Governorship of the Palatine, and General Kiingensberg is re placing him It is stated that under the terms of an Anglo-Persian agreement BritUb influence in Persia will be dominant. General Yudenitch, who is forming a Government for North-west Russia, is ex pected to shortly advance on Petrograd with Eethonian support. Four British aeroplanes bombed Kron vtadt on Wednesday and badly damaged the fortress. The assistance given by Britain in op posing the Bolsheviks in Russia has .coat the country £70,000,000 since the armis tice. The Premier of Finland, with several colleagues, has resigned office in conse quence ot General Mannerhcim's refusal to retain supreme command of. the Finnish forces. The Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the military disaster at Capo retto in 1917 attributes the blame to General Cadorna, who at the time was Commander-inChief of the Italian forces. Up to the present AufltralifrfTftrmy stores and equipment sold in Britain ban realised more than £10,000. The House of Commons has been in formed that the refrigerated trade with Australia and New Zealand' has now re turned to normal conditions, and that two Additional vessels have been put on th<j service A German company has established a steamship line which will make regular bailings to the Levant. General Zolner, the German officer who ordered the deportation of so many of the inhabitants of Lille, in France, during tho German occupation of that country, iv to bo arrested. Afghan tribesmen continue to give tho British authorities in India trouble, as, despite the signing of the Peace Treaty with the Amir, they make occasional rakl*. A punitive expedition is suggested. • It is understood that-matters are not \- yet (sufficiently advanced to permit of the immediate incorporation of Swaziland with the Union of South Africa. M. Shidehera, the Japanese Vice- Miuis ter for Foreign Affairs, is said to have Jbeen appointed to the ambassadorship in the United States in succession to Vis count Ifehii. Replying to the American note with tc-ferenoe to ihc prdtectirn of -for-ni^a in terests in Mexico, the Mexican Govern ment suggests that Americans in the country should 'leave the unsettled dis tricts and remove into more populous oenlrei, where they can be more readily protected. A Mexican plot to overthrow the Car rnnza Government boa come to light. Two more entries hare bceu made for the competition flight from Britain to Australia—those of Captain Howell, D.5.0., of Sydney, and a representative of the Alliance Aeroplane Co. It will now be permissible for the engines of competing machines to be changed en route. The British Government is offering £04,000 in prizes for a competition for commercial types of aeroplanes. Labour leaders at Liverpool (England) demand the reinstatement of the police who went on strike, and threaten as an alter native a general stoppage of work for three days. Employees on the subway and elevated lines in York have decided to ro on strike in consequence of the refusal of their demand for an increase of 50 per cent, in their wages. The President of the United States has vetoed the Daylight Saving Abolition The South African Cricket Association js extending an invitation to the A.I F. learn in England to visit South Africa. Brookes and Patterson, the Australian tennis players, defeated Johnston and Griffin in the final tennis doubles match in America, and will play Richards and Tilden for the National Doubles Cham pionship. • Mr. E. Shortt (Secretary for the Home Department) has announced in the House of Commons that the Government is al lowing German business men to enter Great Britain provided that their admis sion will benefit British trade. They will, however, be subject to certain conditions. For example, during their stay in the country they must report themselves to the police at the various places visited, and must also notify to the authorities any change of address. The Minister added that Germans who had been re patriated would not bo allowed to resume business in the country. The German mark continues to fall in value, and 85 marks are now offered for £1. The fall is partly due to the reduc tion of the British Army in Germany, and the fact that Switzerland and other States bordering on Germany are no longer active buyers in German currency, while many Germans are selling in order to transfer their wealth abroad. Lieutenant H. S. Morris, of the Royal Air Force, an Australian who wa« former ly private secretary^ to the Governor of Fiji, has been killed whilst flying at Marlow. He was preparing to fly to Australia, and thence to Fiji. New and serious labour troubles are threatening in Germany The strike of electricians in Upper Silesia led to • gradual deadlock, and a general strike n threatened. The workers' demands political rather than industrial. , LONDON. August 17. A Lincoln ram has been soia lor WOO guineas, the previous record price being 1460 guineas. The British Charge d'Archives in Mexico has been ordered by the Mexican Prime Minister to leave the country. The German Government has recalled General yon der Gobs, who has shown a disinclination to evacuate the Baltic provinces at the behest of the Allies. As Germany is unable to deliver the 40,000,000 tons of coal demanded* the Inter-Allied Commission has reduced the quantity to 21,000,000 tons. The garrison on an island at Queens* town, on which military stores are kept, replied with machine guns to an attack on the island at night. *In his presidential address to the National Socialist Party at its annual conference in England Mr. Will Thome declared that the party was opposed to every form of anarchism. Engineer trade unionists in the Man chester district of England have resolved to relinquish their agitation for shorter working hours for the present and to concentrate their energies on the recov ery of the country's foreign trade. The necessity, for rigorous retrench ment in order to save Britain from disaster is being urged by the London Press, and it is believed that the Prime Minister will inaugurate a vigorous cam paign of national economy. A warning is given by the Parliamen tary Secretary to the British Ministry o f rood that the reported surplus of wheai in tho world is non- existent, and that the price of wheat must consequently re main high. The prohibition by the authorities of Sinn Fein demonstrations in Ireland led to a fierce riot, the colonel commanding the Highland Cyclist Brigade and a police sergeant being injured. There are indications that the leaders of the Bolshevist movement at Petrc grad may disappear in the near future, leaving their subordinates to carry on propaganda work. According to a White Paper, the trouble with tflie Afghans arose in consequence of India being partially denuded of troops. The Gemii Constitutional Comm^Rirn ndvUos that no German be surrendered to any foreign Government for trial. Advanced Socialists in America have resolved to form a Communist Party, nnd to seek the formation of a proletariat dictatorship in the country. The Australian lady swimmers, Misses Duiaok an! Wylie, have sustained de feat in America in the quarter mile and 100 yds. event*. Mrs. Hayday, wife of Mr. A. Hayday, Labour member for Nottingham West, has Riven birth to her seventeenth chiFd. According to a despatch received from Santiago, it is stated that more than 6,000,000 dollars ( £l,W.\m) have beefc invested by Japanese investors in coppqr nud iron mines in Chile. The Japanese niso recently took an option of coal lands BurrounJing Talcahuaoo, a Chilian sea port. Senator Pearce, the Australian Minis* ter for Defence, in the course of an in terview, complained of the dwarfing of Australian events in the English ncw?_ papers, and said that he noticed the Omission of reports from Australia such os appeared of Canadian events The newspapers, he paid, continually empha sised Australia's shipping Btrike and the outbreak of influenza, but not a syllable was published with reference to the im portant scheme of irrigation of the Min> ray and Darling, and the papers were" silent regarding post-war reconstruction work in the Commonwealth. Owing to a threatened strike, co-opera* tive societies in Yorkshire, Lancashire, Cheshire, and North Wales have locked out 30,000 employees. The Government is utilising 2000 mill* tary tomes as auxiliaries in order to re lieve the congestion of traffic. The whol« of the Kingdom has been divided into districts, and officials daily consider local r?eeds and transfer the lorries to th« various industrial centres as required. The Federation of Masters at Bare* lona, in consequence of the increasing de* mauds made by the workers, have decided on a lockout, and are negotiating an ex tension of the movement in other centre*. ■ m * j LONDON, Auwst 19. The trade nnd industrial outlook ill Britain was dealt wibh by tho Prime Minister in the House of Commons on Monday. Mr. Lloyd George emphasised the labour and transport difficulties en countered in getting back to peace condi* tions, and deplored the decrease in the national production, despite the enhanced expenditure of the country. The cost of the war, Mr. Lloyd George announced, was £40,000,000,000. Two officers of the American Air Foroe, seized by Mexican bandits, are being held to ransom, under threat of murder, if the demand is not complied with. It is stated that the United States Govern* ment will pay the ransom required. The French and American Consuls at Mexico City have protested to the Got* ernment against the expulsion from Mexico of the British Charge d'Archives. General Denikm, commanding antt* Bolshevik force* in Russia, has occupied a number of towns, and taken 700 prisoners. It is rumoured that the Bolsheviks* are evacuating Jiieff nnd\ the whole ol Ukrainia. The unanimous view of Amerioan diplo* mats in Paris is said to be that sooner or later the Shantuug settlement will re* suit in war in the Far East. The Secretary of State for the Colonies regards the grant of responsible govern ment to Khodesia as being impracticable on financial and other grounds. Public opinion in South Africa is urging the Government to establish Marine Boards at Capetown and Durban. Although the British Government is re* ported to have aocepted the policy of the State purchasing mineral rights i? coal, it dm not favour nationalisation of the mines. ... ■ As the result of an explosion in coal mines at Trinidad, Coloiado, 20 men lost their lives. British aviators dropped bombs ?• Petrosavod?k, on Lake Onega, in the 