i s miscellaneous. i ' - (feetftcr;) . . .Washington; Monday. Huge "seizures of food stuffs in cold stores continue throughout the United States. - Pood worth a million dollars was, on -Tuesday and Wednesday dump- ed . wholesale on the markets by tlie Government for.thc.p.n)-j)o8c of fore;iig prices down.- Reports of the soizul-es' coyer Widespread territory. . Butter Worth 2,000,000 . dollars will he sohV first. ' Proceedings lmVo beon begnif against food hoarding and if the offence- is proved the food will ho immediately condemned by the .courts and sold. Fed eral officials estimate that fiOO profiteers will be arrested dnriilg the liext few weeks. (The "Times.") LONDON, Monday. The "Timos" correspondent at Tan- gier writes : Not satisfied with ordin ary photographs of tho recent, defeat of the Spiiriiards, Kniftuli is trying to ar range for cinema films of the next bat tle. Large sums arc being offered to competent operators, who, however, arc shy, f oaring that it may. be easier to arrive at Raisuli's stronghold thnii to return. '. (The "Times.") UtREOHT; Monday. It is reported that the ox-Kaiser has boilglit a country ltouso at Doom whieh formerly belonged to tho Bnroness du Beaufort. (Renter.) NEW YORK, Monday- A strike of aet-ors including IcndiiV' plnycrs against the present salaries and othor working conditions has closed the majority of the Broadway theatres and is spreading to many other cities. (Rcutcr.), . LONDON, Monday. . Tito doath is announced of Lord lit- verelvde. Sir James Cleiarid Burns, Fourth Bjiron Iiiverclydc, was flic principal director of the shipping firm of 0. aiui J. Burns Ltd., and. was a director. /of the Clinard Steamship Company," .Ltd., and deputy chairman' of tho Clydesdale 'Bank, etc. He whs 55 years of age. - : . (United .. Service.) LONDON, Monday. The, "Daily Mall's" '.Parlh corres- ilftlnTonf lumnrfa iHot flwi milUnt-K ««. iIi"oritii>8 aro gathering evideiiee touch ing aii extraordinary list of - German outrages preparatory to' a demand for the extradition of cx-bfljeers. A total of , 2000 . cases of nturder, arson hud theft &fo;' being investigated, at Lille ilone. The evidence arraigns General Von Arnim for haVihg permitted the brutal execution of civilians. I)r. MicU- " ils'on. is charged with linyiug catisi-il the death of 800 soldierh through nc- gloet. General Von Paveek'.' is accused if having shared in tlie robber of batiks at ;Le Chtcau, Douai and else where. (Router.) " - LONDON, , Monday. At the Northampton Socialist' party 's lonferencc, Mr. Will Thorite urged' that leyelopmenf- of a discipiihed, ediieated ind ' organised democracy capable of tarrying out a 'real democratic recon struction policy as the best means of defeating . trusts nnd - monopolies. - Mr. Thome strongly opposed the Bolsliovik tendencies mnnifest in Great Britain. / (United Sorvice) .. . " . LONDON, Monday. Advices publiBhod in Great Britain from - Australia minimises -the import- ance of tho events there. Senator Pearce complains iu tho- course of an intorview with' the .."Weekly, Des patch;" that no , reference, js intifle of sucli subjects ns the Mfirrny and Gav- .ling irrigation schemes, while , np.t . n single .liiio has been printed indicating AustraliA's pqst-vrkr . reepistructioii ' policy. Ho says that Canadian events ire far better rqpre&eiited.; : ' ! (Router;)' LONDON, Monday ; ' -Router's correspondent ' lit '.Cdldgne reports that tiki reduction of the Bri tish nrmy of bceiijiatipn is procbetjing ' rapidly. ' Whole divisions at a ti.nie iare rctiifnihg to the United .Kingdom. Rri-' tisfi! niilitary .-officers . are permitting soldiers to volunteer td assists in' - har vesting at full -rates of pay.' ' - ("Tho Times.") "!. ' 1 LONDON, Mpufltiy, ; The ballot of tho Shipbuilding' 'and Engineering Trndos resulted in fdvof of forty -f our hours .we jilt .no rp3iic- tion in wagos. The! ygtlS jvas.'as i-ph i lows :For, 1 fi20',0i33 ; against", ' lti;S07.'' ' (United Service.) . . I,ONDONj -Monday. 1 : AqstraUan -dairy '-studouts who havt- complotod . a ooprec -in Donmark -rdfei with onthusiasm.to .the methods pursued there- and :.advocato tlim adoption- of, same. 'iu Australia. They urge thht facilities should ho provided for - the immigration of -Danish dairy: farmers. - \- ';-v- ; . ' ... ("The Times.") , I ' ROMS, Monday. \- order-, to !stavcVoff vtho apprbaeng ! \--financial erisis the dabikeij;; hns-epjdpd. upon a loan to jviiltili taxp'nyers will .be compelled- to contribute in aecptdance With the extent of their capital!-; Small -fortunes. will ho. exempted and'.the-do' tails of the loan aro awaited'.' 'it 'is' Uii; derstood that foreign investors willp.dy -income tax but will not bo. rbijuited.to, Jcontrlbiitc to the loan as. the Govern' ment does .not - desire to prevent the ijji - portatiou of capital needed for" reeon- struct-ion. - -' ..(The Times.'!) k . , . - THE HAGUE( "Monday. , It is understood that a' movement, is Spreading in Holland aiid .tho numerous , towns and villages 'are' subsidising, t,hc civil guards, in1 'order, to protectvpublic buildings iind 'xirivatc, property qgajii'st rovolntionariiis. Tho HngUo1 towli cbuh : eil lias voted 10,000 florins to the local Burghowach. VANCOUVER, Monday. . (Reuter) . . The Canadian Wheat Board which was . recently established has set the price of wheat at '2 dol. 2U cents- 'per bushel. - . ' . ' , (Unitod Service:)- -< LONDON, Monday. Til (1 t I Ttrt llv ilvtlHAnn)) .-ini... llinl amu - U93 uUltUt) | Ileal the Grand Duchess of Luxemburg has becomo engaged to Prin'ec Felix 'ol Bourbon l'amia. -, VANCOUVER, Monday. ..(Reuter.) A- message received from New York state that the stage hands hnvo joined in the- actors strike. .(Reuter.) VANCOUVER, Monday. In the New England tennis ehiim pionsliip ' Lycott and Thomas (Aus trnlia) wore defeated by Wright, and Kcmmayac in the lin'al of the men's doubles. (Reuter.) VANCOUVER, Monday. A message, received from New Yorj States that Miss Fanny Dtirnck suffered the first defeat iri her career, flnishin;. third in the 440 yatds chnmpionshij which was won by Ethel Blcatry. Mini Wylie, .the other Australian lady cham - pion, finished fourth in tho 100 yards. (United Service.) , LONDON, Monday. Mr. Fulton is visiting London to finalise the Egyptian account of th< xpnnntion or concentration cemeteries Where the cemeteries are within irri gated areas the lay-out will include trcek, Bhfubs and" flower beds, but when tho areas are not irrigated the only decorations will be palms. (United Service). LONDON, Monday. _ The design of the Australian auv New Zealand Light Horso memorial a' Port Said luis not yet boon ehoson, bu Mr. Lambert's idea is the .'most favor ed. The momoi-inl will be eoustruetoc in Australia, ontirely of local niatevini; aiul is estimated to cost £10,000. It i intended to- ask the. relatives of tlu fnlleii to supplement the £5,000 suh scribed by the troops, It is understood 'hot Light Horsemen do not favour tin additional erection- of two divisionn memorials, pointing out that tho bigges stunts were carried out- in remote area' | pf J be ..battloticM. where the ineniorialr .would1 not be seen. (Router.) CONSTANTINOPLE, Mpiulay. Enyer Pasha, brother of Nury Pn'slm wlio .was awaiting trial on a charge o' -being responsible for massacres an< other outrages has escaped, from Britisl control at Bitoum. It' is believed thn bo. has joined Mustafa Kcmal iu tlx Erzerbum district. The incident i most unfortunate in view of the condi fioits obtaining in Trans- Caucasia) a: it, follows the escape Of Enver Pashu'i uncle Halil Pasha. The f:-,,,:-,.,, „ Union and I Progress has tho iaugl -lgainst the Turko-Britisli Governniont this time. 