The Peace Conference. TO IMPOSE JUSTICE. NEW YORK. January 14. The Paris correspondent" of the "Chicago News" says: "I learn that Pre-<*> sident Wilson told the Italian Prime Minister that the United States would not recognise Italy's claim beyond the Trentino end Treste. Signor Orlando in sisted that Italy ahould have Fiume, and President Wilaon refused." LONDON, January 15. The Paris correspondent of the " Daily Erpress w states that President 'Wilson carries a large portfolio to the meetings of the Conference. He starts with a definite opinion upon every ques tion that is raised* and put« forward his views insistently and emphatically. •NEW YORK, January 13. New York piper*, commenting on the disclosures mode in Paris that Britain had proposed dealing with the represen tatives of Rirswan f net ions, Consider that bu'ch a course would be a grave mistake. Home consider it would be a coropromiae with crime.. It :s also pointed' out that more information is needed on the ques tion before judtfment /an be passed on the course proposed hy Britain, MILAN, January 15. Signor Bissol.ati, a., former Minister, who resigned because/of differences of opinion with the Premier, Baron Sonnino, attempted to mak« a speech at the Scala theatre justifying Iti'ly's renupciatinn of territorial claims. A Luge trowd was present The meeting, i which lasted for two .hours,' developed into ' an uproar, during: w.hich many imprecations were uttered. The crowd wenld tot hear Bissolati, who, in a remarkable snetahV said there were pome poi?{S whiph Italians placed beyond discuasionj namely, • the Trentino, Goriaia, Trieste* and Istria ; but the Treaty of London also claimed for Italy other regions, the, annexation of which would lead Italy intq a policy contrary to her interests. If the Dodocanese were annexed Italy and Greece would remain separated; but, on the other hand, if Italy renounced the Dali matia territory she would have flume. The correspondent of the "Daily, Chronicle" states that . Baron Sonnino (the Italian Premier) has demanded that the east coast of the Adriatic Sea shall be regarded as the south-western frontier! of Austria, when Austria would still be! in formidable company. Italy now need fear no external. enemy, and the Confer ence could moderato the Jugo-S'av pro* gramme if this be an exaggerated one. • PARIS, January 18. ' President Poinc&re;, in oper-inR t/he Peace Conference Ao-^ny, outlined the, German aggression, and the shameful ban gain offered to Great Britain in seeking her neutrality. The ideas of war, he ■aid, were deokied by those who were unchecked by sovereign force, or by tbe idea of justice, in preventing .an abuse of strength. Presiaerit Poincare eulor giaed Great Britain's decision to enter the conflict as "magnificent war." A motion was proposed by President Wilson, and seconded by Mr. Lloyd George, that M. Cleraenceau be nomfc uated as chairman of tha Congress. It is practically certain that M. Cle-i menceau will bo the permanent president of the Conference. The conference, after a prolonged sit ting, agreed to admit the Press, except when sitting in camera. LONDON, January 10. It is officially stated in Paris that tha only authorised accounts of the Confer ence proceedings will be in the form of communiques. Delegates ure pledged not to divulge the proceedings There is some doubt as to the meaning of this. Several Loudon newspapers interpret. it to mean that unofficial reports must not be published. LONDON, January 17. An analysis of the Conference into geographical groups shows that North and South America have 16 members with 9 votes ; European countries, 29 members and 10 votes ; Asia, 10 members and 4 votes ; Africa, 3 members and 3 votes i and the Oceanic Dominions, 3 members, and 2 votes. Politically, Great Britain has 14 dele- Kates and 6 votes. France has only on* vote, as 'none of her colonies secured re- "" Eresentation, although this is likely to> e remedied. The United States, with Central America. Cuba, and Liberia, has 8 votes, WHAT AUSTRALIA WANTS. Mr. W. M. Hughes, in an interview with a correspondent of the United Press Association, said tha.t Australia wanted the ' German islands in the Pacific. Australia also wanted indemni ties. Mr. Hughes said he was opposed to the policy-of-intervention in Russia. He also added that he does not want promiscuous immigration. He favour* the League of Nations demanding the right to make whatever economic ar rangement it pleases. Mr. Hughes also is opposed to President Wilson's scheme of freedom of the seas and the limitation of Britain's naval supremacy. He favour* the military support of Poland. LONDON, January 17. The Paris correspondent of tbe •Bx ebangfl Telegraph Company states that Vrance has formulated the following de mands for presentation to the Peace Conference :— That the enemy shall tfear the burden of all tto French war loans and war. pensions. That the enemy shall repay th« fine*, imposts, and taxes levied upon the oc cupied territory. That the enemy shall pay a general indemnity for all losses caused by de struction in the war, suth, for ex ample, as machinery, tools, and se curities. That the enemy shall indemnify the- French collieries, factories, landlords* and fanners for the period during wbicb their capital was unproductive. NEW YORK, January 16. The correspondent of the United Press at Paris says that Greece will request that Constantinople be made the capital of Greece, or the international capital of the League of Nations He learns that Italy has definitely abandoned its Im perialistic programme, and has accepted the Anglo-American ideas of a demo cratic peace, thus removing the greatest stumbling hjock to the Conference. In terest is attached to the American plan of the League of Nations, which, it is expected, President Wilson will' announce at the opening of the session. At the Con ference Lord Robert Cecil (formerly British Minister for Blockade) declared that the French plan was the most de pendable. • ' CAPETOWN, January 17. 'A message from Bloemfontedn states that the Dutch Nationalist Congress has decided to send . a deputation to Burprcr to lay a claim before President Wilson for tke question of tht independ ence of South Africn to be Submitted to the PeaCe-' Conference. 1 . ',: PARIS, January 18. President Poiiioare opened the Peace Conference .to day. The weather was bright and Waim,' and a laige crowd gathered, at the Quai d'Ors&y; to witnene th* arrival of the world's diplomats. The salon where the Peace terms will be; drawn' up is • resplendent in gold and crimson and ancient tapestries. At the* head, of the table the Anterican delegates are grouped to President Poinc^re •; right, and the English delegates to his left. ■ \ i* IHE OPENING CEREMONY. % 1, jfft ' LONDON, January 20. 1 ' , There is no formal meeting of ihe Peace * Conference to-day. The Conference was opened yesterday iiy President Poincare, who, in . i? course of his inaugural speech, y Aid that the valour of . the i oilied Armies had victoriously defended ,j liberty against all offensives, after enor -4 pous. sacrifices, for which France had *gQt the slightest responsibility, alne delegates of the great Powers 3&ad; assembled to impose justice Hpa those who were guiKy of the unprecedented crime of causing the war, {the delegates had all the qualities for ?Ithe establishment of a just peace, and had confidence that they, 'teould not violate its rights. They pos sessed information proving who the war which had bo agi- Vated the world, and that the Central .^Empires had secretly and complicity in \ Vented noxious pretexts to enable them yto pass over Serbia's body to the Ea?t, •nd through Belgium on the West, so Jut to strike at the heart of France, v President Poincare, referring to Gcr many'a effort to detach England from 'tbe Entente, mid that Britain had held Wj her ideals of justice, not only in Britain, but in her overseas Dominions land her colonies, throughout the con flict. These Dominions hod accomplished, With Britain, prodigious efforts to bring Ihe war to a triumphant termination^ President Poincare proceeded to pay a tribute to other nations and countries /wlio __ had rhrown their help and sym pathies into the conflict, and he referred, TOih special culogium, to the time when President Wilson decided upon America's intervention. That was a great political and military event. The Americans came to Europe to help to save civilisation. Tho Allies had gained a complete victory over la powerful enemy, who, in order to pre sent an irremediable disaster, sought to '(rbtain an .armistice. ■ -We are now relieved," he said, "from •unperialistic conquest, and 'bave met to Ideal out justice in metters of territory, finance, and economic* in such a Way as not encourage the recurrence ofsuoh k crime as the recent war. Nations must not be exposed to aggressions jnd menaces, and tho . Conference mutt seek to introduce the greatest possible harmony in the world. Immortal "fclory will attach to all nations and men {•roo collaborate in this i-cble task." Pre* feident Poincare concluded : "I now leave matters to your grave deliberation, and declare the Conference of Paris opened." THE VICE-PRESIDENTS. i PARIS, January 19. Mr. Lloyd George (British Prime Minister), Mr. Lansing (United States Secretary of State), £iguor Or lando (Primo Mhister of Italy), and Marquis Saionji (of Japan) have been ap- vice-presidents of .the Confer* letnee. JAPANESE SYMPATHY ASSURED. Baron Makino, one of Japan's peace has arrived in Liverpool. He said that the Japanese were in sympathy •.nd hearty agreement with the Allies and their friends in England, America, and (Europe, on the principles that had been laid down for the guidance of the Con ference. Japan, he said, had lived on the outer edge of the huge maelstrom, and knew little of its horrors, but the wai jproud of her Allies. Japan did not seek •ny rcwerd, but looked forward with con fidence to a brighter t-nd better future; CHINESE REPRESENTATIVES. It is believed that China is protesting lit having only two scats at the Conference, Five delegates from China arrived, in cluding the Foreign Minister. Tbe Chinese regard Jupan us their principal opponent, and deny tho Japanese Government's recont statement that Chinese and Japanese interests will be represented in fcommon. GERMAN DELEGATES. ZURICH, January 18. The Munich papers state that the Gor inan delegates to the Peace Conference jrill be Prince Lichnowski (formerly Cjernvin Ambassador in London), Count Srockdorff, Count Arco, and Herr Jtautsky, a Socialist leader. COPENHAGEN, January 18. Speakuog at Cassel, Herr Biiei>ien.ann [Qcrm&n; Minister i'tr Foreign Affairs) laid he ai?d Herr Brc ckd<-rff would bo the eadera of vie German Pence Delegation, [t fl*us e?sentiul that, he should participate in the conference in order to show tho s/orld tht-t .'Jensccracy was now Germany's fcratchword. PRESS CONTROVERSY. | LONDON, January 19. The mipelliug incident which led to fl. Olemenceau's dcmfii-d for restrictions z>n the correspondents at Vcmiillos aiose voin the impudent cablegrams to New STprk paperq regarding differences which u& not exist. f AEROPLANE SERVICE. \ v LONDON, January 19. T fA regulaT aeroplane passenger and post Service, between Pane and London in connection with the Conference will be * Bin to- morrow. &MR;, HUGHES AND AUSTRALIA'S j; CLAIMS. ) PARIS, January 20. t rA great stir was caused here when ftfr. Hughes (Prime Minister of Australia) made a declaration to the American Press representatives to the effect tl at he re fused to be muzzled by the Peace Con lorence on questions in which Australia ms concerned. Mr. 'Hughes is pressing (Australia's claim for the control of the Derman islands in the Pacific south of $he equator. JMr. Detne (privnto secretary to Mr. ughes) has .been appointed secret aiy to 16 Australian delegation, '' OT'BER 'OUTSTANDING1 {'\: questions. .: ■-■!•■;■ LONDON> January 19. The special correspondent in Pari* ->f the "Morning Post " Buys {hat tha dhjargencies oi opinion in the Conference now centre aiound th<j feeding of Geimany and the question of indemnity, which is the greatest difficulty of all. President tWiUon, he adds, haa always favoured the payment by Germany of indemnities for damage? caused by the war, but he io not willing to acquiesce in the payment of an indemnity in uddition to that. The Eng lish delegates more or less agreo with Presides t Wilson on this point, but the French delegates have drawn up a care ful account of the losses of Fiance from every source, aud will shortly pre&e;&tf;* their bill. It is understood that the Con ference will not discuss the freedom of the seas. * , THE RUSSIAN PROBLEM. PARIS, January 18. The Conference has debated the question cf the Russian problem. M. Noulena (French Ambassador At Pctrogrud) will explain the situation at Archangel in an address to the delegates at the next session. The Danish Minister from Petro grad, M. Erik Kcavenius, will also speak, fo-day'g sitting was chiefly devoted to the discussion on the question of sending expeditions to Russia. PARIS, January 20. To-day the Allied Premiers and Foreign Ministers, with President .Wilson, are conferring on the Russian situation. The Council of the Russian National and Democratic Party, in a note to M. Piohon, approves of the exclusion of M. Lenin and M. Trotsky (the Bolshevik leaders) as representatives from the Con ference, declaring i;hat any compromise with Bolshevism, including German Bol shevism, would be capitulation to a worse scourge than German militarism. It is expected that the Conference will nonsuit with the Russian representatives now in Paris. Ihe French Government adheres to its decision to have no deal ings vath the liolshevik Government, but other countries hope to find a way cf including it in the deliberations without departing from their abhorrent attitude towards Bolshevik terrorism. GREEK CLAIMS. The Greek Primo Minister (M. Vene zelos), in an interview with "Le Temps?," •aid: "Greece claims Thrace. She ad imta that this would deprive Bulgaria of access to the Aegean* Sea, but Bulgaria's economic interests are not essential enough to induce Greece to internal!/ buffet the dominatidn of insatiable neigh hours." M. Venezelos believes that Con stantinople should be made an interna tional port, and that all the eastern Medi terranean islands should be returned to Greece. — AMSTERDAM, January 19. The German Government has instruct \ed its delegates at the Peace Conference to work for the abolition of all economic warfare. Agreements, it is stated, must immediately be made concerning imports of raw material and foodstuffs. Germany is ready to disarm on land and sea, and m the air, but her rights within the scope of President Wilson's programme must be recognised. Germany recognises the great principle of the peoples' free dom of self- determination, especially with regard to Poland and Alsace-Lorraine. The delegates must also work for the League of Nations. 